'The Hotwife Games' is a story about naughty wives and their husbands participating in a very kinky game-show. You can jump in right here if you like; each chapter is designed as a semi-contained story. Or, if you are new to the series and want the full experience, you can start with the first chapter. Most of the installments are short, brisk, and crammed with sex.
Content warning: group sex, hotwifing, swinging, cuckolding, exhibitionism/voyeurism, experiments with form, and more. Genuine feedback, constructive comments, lavish praise, and the inevitable furious crying from the five closet-cuck incels who troll this section are all happily encouraged!
Take a deep breath, and remember: This is a work of fantasy, designed for the dirty-minded...
—
CHAPTER 20 — DIANA IN WONDERLAND
—
Diana was subterranean.
It was a strange final hiding place for the beautiful young wife. She was chambered away underground, yet her location would soon be blindingly obvious. She supposed it was characteristic of the Games' playbook. The show thrived on suspense: its producerswantedRakesh to find her before the final minutes of the Challenge. That way he'd have the chance to shoot inside her, and lose the whole contest — or so she thought.
She'd just have to make sure that didn't happen.
The small cage shivered into motion. Her heart beat in delicious anticipation.
The chamber rose up the underground shaft. Diana readied herself, steadying her breaths and smoothing the tiny, tight dress that clung to her skin like film.
The lift climbed further. The ground above her churned and split apart like an opening doorway. The light of the early evening poured in. The cage pushed up through the surface.
It was time for Diana's final performance at the Hotwife Games.
Nearly all of the guests had assembled on Gael's lavish lawns — the very same location in which the day's challenge had begun. Jessica smiled as she watched the ascending cage rise through the garden's grassy center.
Clearly the producers had never expected Rakesh to make it this far without ejaculating, and figured that there was little reason to be coy about Diana's final location. Based on the resolve he'd just shown her in the Sapphic Pool, they had seriously underestimated the tenacious banker.
Jessica was actually kind of proud of him. The show's co-host scanned the vista with its thick, gathering clouds, then perused the robed crowd in the waning daylight. She frowned. There was still no sign of Diana's tireless husband.
An excited hum shock-waved over the audience, spreading from the rising platform at their nucleus and out to the edges of the garden. The gilded tip of a bell-shaped structure lifted upwards from the parted ground. It looked like a ten-foot-tall birdcage.
Collectively, the crowd drew their breath. The tropical clouds that had gathered in the emerging evening hung rotund and pregnant. But they were only a backdrop to the real anticipation rumbling across the V.I.P. audience.
Inside the cage stood Diana.
The structure rose up to its full height and settled into place. The gorgeous, married woman felt every eye in the venue, scanning her, lusting for her, devouring her. Their gaze imbibed the tight silk of her red dress. Their eyes drank in the tall red heels, the sharp shades of her striking make-up. They noted the sparkling jewelry on her ears and wrists, as well as the beautiful heart-shaped locket hanging down to her exposed cleavage, which she knew was a gift from Rakesh. She placed one hand on her hip and looked about, trying to maintain her cool.
Inside, Diana's heart was speeding and a juicy crawl was spreading between her legs.
Jessica's voice boomed over the speakers.
"There are forty-one minutes left before the Hotwife Games are officially done," she said. "And it's time for Diana toreallyenjoy every minute of them..."
Diana exhaled slowly through her mouth. Her eyes panned over the sea of faces fixated on her.
"And the best part?" Chris continued for his wife. "Our grand finale involvesall of you..."
Men and women looked hotly at Diana. She saw a few stepping closer.
The hotwife's fingertips shook against her thighs, tapping at the short hem of her dress. Despite the heavy red lipstick, her lips felt dry. She licked them.
"That's riiiight," Jessica teased, watching the forty-strong mob circle in on the gleaming gold cage. As usual, rigged cameras swirled and arced in on the action from every angle. "You see, we let our beautiful final hotwife design her own fantasy for the end of the show."
Diana's breathing intensified as she scanned the crowd.
They were so many sexy men in the audience... Sexy women, too... And she was the center of it all.
"The greedy little slut wantedallof you..."
Diana grinned at Jessica's teasing tone, though the splash of humor did little to still her palpitating heart.
It was true. She had conjured the entire scenario, and the producers had built an emerging birdcage to accommodate the naughty design. It had been a filthy erotic fantasy Diana had had for years — being the absolute focal point of attention in a sea of horny bodies, on display for them all inside a cage. Now the complete fruition of her fantasy was about to come true...
"So go on and have some fun," Chris said, eyeing Diana over the heads' of the voyeuristic audience. Not-so-secretly, the blue-balled husband was still dreaming of finally fucking her. "Because I know I will..."
"Perv," Jessica said, and squeezed on her husband's firm ass. "Just keep your eye on the timers, because we now have..."
Chloe, off to one side off the cage, shucked her clipboard to the other hand. She clicked a remote control.
Around the periphery of the garden, several countdown clocks sprang to life.
40:19... 40:18... 40:17...
"Forty minutes to enjoy yourselves in every way you please. Unless of course, Rakesh comes a-callin'..."
"Though last we saw of him," Chris opined. "It seemed like he was having a great time in the Celebrity Cave."
As her husband continued to speculate about Rakesh's whereabouts, Jessica winked at Chloe across the lawns.
The pretty assistant nodded. She knew what Jessica was communicating, and she felt a twinge of guilt — but a plan was a plan.
Inside the cage, Diana steadied her exhalations. She saw no sign of Rakesh, but she reminded herself of the stakes in case he did arrive: If he came in her, they would forfeit all the prize money.
Of course, everybody else there knew that she'd been fed a lie...
"Let's see how much pleasure our beautiful hotwife can take as she tries to bag that five million dollars..."
The audience pressed in closer. They completely surrounded the golden bars. The ones further back craned their necks for a clear view of the beautiful, caged wife in her hot red cocktail dress.
Karl, in particular, looked at Diana with great interest over the other guests' shoulders.
Like Chloe and Jessica, he too had a plan...
"And our time..."
The first chords of a rumbling beat pulsed over the lawns.
"Starts..."
Whoosh!Torches suddenly roared to life all around the garden. The flickering gold flames lit up the purple dusk.
"Now!"
The timers clicked down from forty minutes on the dot.
Diana began to sway her body to the sultry beat. She decided to release all thoughts about her husband — and completely abandon herself to the delicious fulfillment of her naughtiest fantasy.
She figured that if Rakesh wasn't there, that was probably a good thing — especially for their chances of winning.
She was wrong on every count.
—
"Where thehellis he?!"
Amelia almost screamed it this time.
"We had Rakesh right in our sights outside the Degradation Pit — then he takes off down some slope and — what? We still don't have coverage of the whole island?"
"He cut the feeds," a nervous tech replied. "It had to be him. He's the only one who knows every byway and code —"
Of course Gael had done it. He knew his own island well. The place he'd deposited the roadster, the route he'd mapped out for Rakesh, the electrical den itself — they were all just outside the purview of the show's many mounted cameras. And the ones that did have a view, he'd cut the feed to. What Amelia and the technicians couldn't understand was why the hell he had done it.
"We need him at the lawns! For the damn climax!" Amelia said. Her eyes darted over data flickering on blue screens surrounding the crowded control room.
Viewership was spiking to an all-time high. A stream of live comments flooded the monitor, one after the next.
"They're asking about him," said the tech. "We definitely need him. To maximize the t—"
Amelia cut him off.
"Send a line tech out to the slope. Right where he disappeared. Retrace his steps."
Then she added, "And tell the P.A. to have the ropes ready."
—
Diana performed an undulating bump-and-grind. The heavy beat pulsated in tune with her body; it was hard to tell which was synchronizing to which. Firelight danced over her gorgeous face and curvaceous figure, sensually wrapped in the short red dress.
She looked around through the golden bars of her cage, and she felt herself get wet. Every eye was locked on her.
Men hungrily studied the wiggling curves of her breasts and hips. Behind her, women shamelessly appreciated the swells of her beautiful ass, its apple shape clearly displayed by the thong underneath the tight charmeuse fabric.
She made eye contact with a beautiful blonde. The latter's gaze was saturated with lust as she admired the daring hotwife, giving herself completely to the siren calls of her slutty desires.
Diana felt her conscious mind evaporate. She was merely a passenger on a wave of pure, delirious sexual instinct.
Her hands traveled up and down the sides of her body. She rotated slowly as she danced, letting the crowding audience devour her with their eyes from all sides.
She was a slut. An object. A centerpoint for the lust of forty strangers — and for thousands more watching at home.
And it turned her on like nothing ever before.
Diana lifted the hem of her dress. She looked directly at a good-looking young man pressed all the way up to the cage. She lifted the fabric.
She felt the lusty energy rising all around her as she pulled the dress up and over her head. The naughty wife's big breasts and peachy ass were clad in red underwear — a nearly see-through lace bra that showed off her hard nipples, and a skimpy lace thong that revealed the globes of her ass. Aside from that, all she had on were her heels and sparkling jewelry.
Diana danced some more.
Seven or eight men — she could hardly tell — had edged up around the cage. She could feel their heavy breaths as she swayed and bumped to the growling beat.
She felt like the sluttiest stripper in the world. She eye-fucked the horny men. Teasing them, tempting them,daringthem...
Underneath their robes, she could see that they were all hard. Hard for her.
There was no commentary from Jessica or Chris. There were no words spoken at all. Just the heavy periodic slap of the music and the low, lusty breathing of the crowd. Everything had turned primal.
Diana pushed her ass up against a bar on one side of the cage. She worked her body against it.
Hands were suddenly all over her skin.
The brazen wife gasped in pleasure. Strange men groped her tits and ass as she danced. She felt one press up behind her. His hard meat was a hot slab against her rear.
Fresh moisture dampened her labia. She wound and wriggled against the cage as more hands joined in the groping. She was about to be their slut...
A naughty, married slut for a whole crowd of horny strangers...
The thought volleyed another inkling of Rakesh into her mind. She knew that it was probably better for her objective that he wasn't present, but a part of her wished that he was. She wanted to tease her loving husband with her naughty performance, wanted him to see what a slut wife he had married as all those hands caressed her perfect body...
She looked across the cage and the thought quickly jettisoned from her head.
The good-looking stranger whom she'd been eye-fucking had let his robe drop open. His long, hard cock was pushed between the bars of the cage.
It was massive.
Diana bit her lip and stared at him as six or seven hands groped her all over. They were on her legs, her ass, all across her dancing torso. She felt someone rip open the clasp of her bra. Hands pulled it away from her tits, and she felt the tropical evening air arouse her stiff nipples.
A deep heat was building inside her, radiating from her thonged sex... It spread out around her, suffusing the cage, moving beyond it...
The other surrounding men joined the handsome stranger in his exposure. Their robes fell open. They pushed their cocks between the bars of Diana's gilded cage.
One by one, Diana saw rock-hard dicks fill the space between the gleaming metal bars around her. They began to enter from everywhere. In front of her, to her sides, behind her — al around the cage, Diana was surrounded by hard, waiting cock.
The men's engorged phalluses were different sizes, shapes, and skin tones. They bobbed before them, some circumcised and some intact. They were all aimed in her direction. Their lascivious invitation was as clear as a crystal ball. It was an invitation to a once-in-a-lifetime experience that loosed an erotic thrill all the way up from her crotch and into all of her senses.
It was the men's turn to tease, to tempt, and to dare Diana.
She could resist no longer.
She gently stepped apart from the roving hands behind her. She moved into the center of the cage. Still swaying to the sensual bass-line, she lowered herself down to her knees.
Tribal drums banged and vibrated across the throng of bodies all around. Pacific heat swelled in the evening air. Her skin was sweaty. Her pores tingled.
To every side of her, Diana was surrounded by big, hard, throbbing dicks.
Never mind where my husband is,she thought, albeit only semi-consciously. Her mind had all but evaporated in the building heat.
Clad in only red heels and a minuscule lace thong dripping in her juices, Diana reached out with both hands.
She grabbed for cock.
—
EXT. KAMA'SUEH ESTATE LAWNS - TWILIGHT
The kneeling hotwife stares up at the attractive stranger. She takes a hold of his shaft. With her other hand she gently grasps another man's rod.
Camera PULLS UP AND AWAY from the gilded cage, taking in the scope of the lawns.
Forty audience members cluster around the center, shamelessly playing with themselves or each other through open red robes. The focal point of their sexual attention is Diana.
Our AERIAL VIEW drives further away... over the heads of the voyeuristic crowd... past a ticking screen as it counts down... 37:09... 37:08...
Our high view PANS past the perimeter of the lawns...
To the large ELECTRICAL SHED, shrouded in meryta trees several meters beyond.
PUSH IN.
—
The Beretta 91 was aimed squarely at Rakesh's gut.
"I don't understand you," Rakesh said. His words came out ragged, with all his breath constricted in his chest. "You have everything you could ever want —"
"No Ifucking don't!"
Gael barked the words so loud they ricocheted off the low ceiling. For the first time, the glazed grin on his face wiped away. His eyes gleamed intensely in the light of the dangling bulb.
"I wanted Diana. I wanted her to fall in love with me again. And she did... I made goddamn sure of that. But I needed her to lovejust me..."
The smaller-built banker moved back further. His back pushed up against the wall. Sheafs of paper crinkled against him and a low, laden shelf pressed into his side. Rakesh was crowded in by the many artifacts of Gael's obsession.
"But no. After all of that...all of this..." he waves the pistol, signifying the obsessively crammed bunker. "She decides she loves usboth."
Now Rakesh noticed the reddish, wet sheen in Gael's eyes as he spoke. He wondered if Gael had been drinking. He was waving the gun about loosely, and in his open robe he looked more like a patient in a sanatorium than a global movie star.
Rakesh's head clouded with blood as the locquating actor inched closer.
"So," Gael barked suddenly, with the matter-of-factness of a quotidian business decision. "Change of plans. If she won't lose you, I will."
He clicked the safety off his pistol.
So,thought Rakesh, his pulse accelerating,This is no longer a scheme of revenge on Diana. It's a schemeforher... at any cost. And this is how I die.
Rakesh squeezed his eyes shut.
And there was a loud —
BOOM.
—
More coming...