Angie was getting ready to meet Will at a nearby resort for a weekend stay. She was excited by this unexpected treat, though he had delayed seeing her for more than a week. She had sent him so many photos in compromising positions in fairly public locations. The riskiest had been the short video she had taken at her apartment pool yesterday.
She had taken it while sitting on one of the lounge chairs in her skimpiest bikini, which had small thin triangles just big enough to cover her nipples. However, the bikini had no padding and her rosy brown nipples were easily visible in the white top. She paired the top with a thong bottom to lessen on the tan lines. She had started filming herself as she hauled her top down so her tits spilled free then pulled aside her thong so she could finger fuck herself.
In the background, there has been a group of men drinking and partying, but they couldn't see that she was essentially naked from their vantage point. Shortly after she sent the video, Will had told her about his plans to take her to a resort this weekend. Angie had already decided she should bring this bikini as the white color contrasted well with her light gold skin tone. He had again sent her a package with instructions to wear this when he picked her up.
Angie opened the package expecting it to contain another sexy dress that showed off her tits, but instead it was a generously sized dildo with a white tank and booty shorts. The white tee was semi sheer and her nipples not only protruded out but also they were highly visible. While the neckline was fairly conservative, a normal scoop neck, this was somehow even more revealing than the black dress. The booty shorts were cut so high, that her round ass basically hung out. She already knew her pussy was going to chafe in them. If she sat down with her legs spread, her pussy lips could be seen stretched over the dildo.
She was amused as she had pushed the dildo into deeper her cunt that Will had selected a dildo that was smaller than his own big dick. He wanted her to be stretched a little, but he wanted to do the real stretching. Angie licked her lips in anticipation as she took her iPhone out and snapped a picture of her cunt filled with the dildo, which she sent to him immediately.
She wanted him to be so horny that he fucked her as soon as possible. It had been so many days since she had cum and she was itching for good hard cum. Will had made it clear that he controlled her orgasms and she wasn't allowed to cum without his permission. Angie had thought about cumming anyway as she enjoyed being punished, but she was a little bit nervous about what would happen if she pushed too far. What if he just stopped seeing her?
Angie grabbed her phone when she heard a ping. She opened up the text message: Hurry up slut. I need to see that dildo in your cunt.
She sent a quick response: Cumming!
He didn't respond, but Angie was already hurrying down to the elevators with her large weekender bag. It was stuffed as she didn't know exactly how to pack, except to bring her most provocative outfits. She ran into the elevator as a man was exiting. Angie felt her tits smash against a surprisingly muscular chest and she looked up to see her hunky black neighbor, Kelvin. She had a crush on him, but he always seemed to have a girl with him.
"Angie!" he said, grabbing her arms to steady her. "You okay?"
She nodded, trying to hurry along, fully aware that this was by far the sluttiest outfit he had ever seen her in. Angie looked up and realized he was staring at her tits, where the outlines of her areolas were quite visible and her nipples were sticking out of the thin white fabric. Kelvin had always been nice to her, helping her when he saw her carrying a bunch of groceries, but he'd never looked at her like this. Angie could feel her nipples getting stiffer under his intense scrutiny.
"Damn you look amazing!" he exclaimed.
Angie blushed. "Really?"
"Yeah," he said, stepping closer. "You've got a great rack."
Angie felt him crowd into her space and his grip on her arms tightened, his thumbs brushing against the sides of her boobs. "We should get a drink," he said, rubbing his thumbs up and down against her tits. "Are you free this weekend?"
She was breathing more rapidly, which lifted her tits up even more. "I'm busy."
Kelvin released her arms and deliberately brushed his fingers against her nipples as he lowered his hands. "What about next week?" he said. "I really want to get to know you better."
Angie had no plans yet, but she also knew that she was keeping her schedule open so that she could meet with Will whenever he was free. "I don't know..."
"Well then, text me," he said.
Kelvin snatched her iPhone, which was still unlocked with Will's text messages up. Angie saw Kelvin pause then he grinned widely as he began typing in something on her phone. When he handed the phone back to her, she saw he'd added his number and sent a quick text to himself that said: Angie.
She wondered if he'd seen the messages from Will or if he'd just been trying to get to the right screen to add his number to his phone and grab hers. Angie was distracted when a text alert popped up: Slut, are you cumming?
"I've gotta run!" she exclaimed and Kelvin waved at her.
Angie pressed the button for the lobby and she folded her arms over her chest, so that it hid her nipples from view. She waited impatiently for the elevator to make its way down and as soon as it did, she hurried out of the elevator to the front driveway where she spotted Will's car. She tried to open the car, but found it locked. She tapped on the window and Will rolled it down.
"Are you going to let me in?" she asked, trying again to open the door.
Will narrowed his eyes and looked pointed at her chest, where her arms were covering her nipples. "You need to be punished," he snarled. "You kept me waiting and you covered your tits. I want everyone to see your slutty body."
"This slut is sorry, master," she said, lowering her arms so he could see her nipples protruding in the thin top.
"Bend over and show me your cunt," he ordered.
Angie turned around and bent down, knowing that her booty shorts were so short that he'd be able to see her pussy lips being split by the dildo he'd sent.
"Spread your legs!"
She widened her stance and lowered her bag to the ground as if she were searching for something, her tits hanging down without the support of a bra. She could see a couple of people walk by her, but they didn't know that she was showing her dildo-filled pussy to her master. Will made her stand like that for what seemed like forever until she heard him click the door open for her.
"Get in the car," he snapped.
Angie rose quickly and tossed her bag into the backseat then got into the front. She'd barely closed the door before he was pushing her face down onto his cock, which he had freed from his pants. She opened her mouth and sucked him in. Will reached around with his long arms and undid her shorts. As she deepthroated his cock, he pulled her shorts off and began fucking her cunt with the dildo. Angie could feel herself getting wetter and wetter.
Will pulled out the dildo and rammed it into her ass. Luckily her pussy juices provided some lubrication, but she'd actually never been fucked in the ass by a cock as big as the dildo he had just shoved into her. Angie groaned around his cock as she felt her ass being split apart by the dildo.
"Soon you'll take my cock in your shithole," he said as he slapped her ass.
Angie was sucking him hungrily, wanting to taste his salty cum when he pulled her off of him. His big dick was pointing straight up. She tried to bend down to take him into her mouth again, but he started the car instead and drove around the block. He stopped the car in an alley and he unlocked the car.
"Get out."
Angie still had her tank on, but she was naked waist down with a dildo embedded in her ass. She glanced out the window and saw that even though it was morning, there was no one around. She got out of the car and Will bent her over his hood, pressing her tits into the red metal. He grabbed her arms and used them as leverage as he eased his cock into her cunt. Angie had never felt such intense pressure like this before down there; Will's dick was so big but the combination of his dick and the dildo made her feel so absolutely full.
"Oh my god!" she cried as he buried himself in her. "Oh my god!"
"Take that you slut!" he shouted as he pulled out and plunged back in, going faster and harder with each subsequent thrust. "Do you like that? Being penetrated with a dildo and my big dick?"
Will released her arms so he could grip her hips for better control. He hammered into her and Angie was sobbing. This was so much pressure, so much sensation. She didn't know how much she could take. All she knew was she couldn't cum. Her master hadn't given her permission.
"Please master, let this filthy slut cum!" she begged.
Will slowed his pace and gyrated his hips, stimulating her g-spot. "You're a slut for my cock, aren't you?"
"This slut craves your cock!" she shouted, not knowing if anyone could hear her and not caring when she was getting pummeled so hard by his big dick. "This slut wants master to cum in her slutty pussy!"
"Don't you dare cum without permission," he warned as he pinched her clit painfully. "I'm not done punishing you."
Will then slapped her ass and instead of fucking her harder, he pulled out of her and jerked the dildo out too. He dropped the dildo to the ground and replaced it with his dick instead. Angie screamed as he rammed his cock in, which was longer and thicker than the dildo that had already stretched her ass so much. She felt like he was going to split her into two.
"Damn that hoe's gettin' drilled."
Angie wanted to cum so badly, yet she was still embarrassed that she'd been caught getting her ass fucked in broad daylight. Will didn't seem to care that some people were watching them. She felt so utterly exposed, unlike the bar or afterwards on the streets, where it'd been dark. She was getting anally pounded at 10 am in the morning.
"Your ass is so tight," he said as he hammered her asshole.
This was more painful than pleasurable, though Angie could easily cum if he just gave her permission. But he didn't. Will came instead, filling her ass with his cum. Angie shuddered as she felt him coat her walls with his cum. Her clit was throbbing so hard. Will removed his cock and Angie wondered if anyone could see the cum leaking out of her ass.
"Get on your knees, slut!"
Angie obeyed and as she shifted positions she saw that there was a small group of male teenagers watching.
"Clean me up."
Angie stared up at Will desperately. She didn't have a shit kink and the idea of licking a mix of shit and cum was not appealing to her at all.
"Please master," she pleaded. "Have mercy on this filthy slut."
Will motioned for her to come closer, which she did. He grabbed her tank and ripped it off of her, causing her tits to spill out. Angie could hear the boys laughing and leering at her titties. Will took the torn fabric and dropped it into her hands. She took it and gently wiped him clean of all traces of shit and cum.
After she was done, she tucked his cock into his pants and fastened them back up. He caressed her cheek briefly before he slapped her ass and told her to get into the car. Angie had to walk toward the boys to get into the passenger side and they got a full frontal of her tits.
"Look at those titties!"
"I wanna suck on those hard nips."
"I wanna fuck her so bad."
Angie tried to hide her face as best as she could with her long black hair because they had their phones out and she could tell they were snapping photos or videos, she wasn't sure. She was a bit horrified to think they'd gotten footage of her getting her ass pounded on the car hood. Will had his back to them, but they would have gotten a pretty good view of his cock stuffing her ass.
Angie opened the car door and quickly shut it. She was completely naked and thoroughly humiliated and aching for release. All she could think about was when Will would let her cum. She really wanted to cum with his cock fucking her hard. She wanted his dick so bad. She really was a slut for his cock.
-
Kelvin couldn't wait to get his hands on Angie's tits. He had thought about what might be under her clothes when he ran into her in the hallway and didn't have a pussy at home to fuck. He had no idea that she would have tits which were a solid handful. He had pretty massive hands and he had a pretty good idea that she had more than enough there for him to squeeze. He had really wanted to fill her cunt with his cock this weekend. He'd been pretty annoyed when she said she was busy.
Kelvin didn't take no for an answer. He had always thought that Angie was pretty, but he had no idea what a total slut she was. He had to give the guy she was seeing credit for changing Angie's wardrobe. Her tits had looked unbelievable in that white tank and her ass was much rounder in the booty shorts than he'd imagined. She typically covered her body in her young professional wardrobe so he hadn't a clue what her body really looked like. Kelvin wished he'd gotten a chance to see that dildo in her cunt, though he'd much rather put his cock there instead.
If only he'd known earlier his pretty Asian neighbor was a raging slut, then he could have been drilling her rather than the skanks he'd been bringing home. It was a lot less work to get some pussy if all he had to do was come home and be able to fuck her wet, waiting cunt. Kelvin sighed as he stroked his cock steadily. He couldn't wait to put his cock between her tits. He'd make her get down on her knees and suck him before he wrapped her tits around his cock.
Who knew her boobies would be so big? He'd never had a chance to titty fuck an Asian slut. Their tits were generally too small, but their cunts were so damn snug. Kelvin couldn't wait to break her cunt in with his big black dick, then wreck her ass. He wondered if she'd ever had a dick as long and thick as his. He grinned thinking of all the things he could do to her. He was going to make her his personal cumslut. He'd seen the way she looked at him, no matter who her current dude was, Kelvin was going to snatch her cunt away.
-
Will had dug her micro bikini top out of her bag and told her to wear that and her skimpy bottoms into the resort. Angie couldn't help how hard her nipples got when she walked through the chilly lobby. She knew better than to cover her tits up. She wanted to cum and he'd only let her cum if she was an obedient slut. He had made it clear, he wanted everyone to see her slutty body.
He ordered her to wait at the front of the lobby with the bags as he checked them in. Angie could feel so many eyes on her and she was so aware of how her clit ached to cum. She'd been so close and been denied multiple orgasms that she was in a sexual daze. She knew she looked so slutty in this skanky bikini, but it was so arousing to see the blatant desire in the men's eyes. Angie was blushing, yet she was standing tall with her tits jutting out.
"That's the sluttiest bikini I've ever seen," she heard a woman say.
"I wonder if she had a boob job," said another woman.
The women looking at her were spiteful and judgemental, which made Angie feel a mix of anger and shame. They were also wearing revealing bikinis, but because their boobs were smaller they couldn't look as slutty as she did in hers. Angie stuck her tits out more because of the snide comments and she smiled when an older man walked by and whistled appreciatively.
"You look stunning," he said, winking.
"Thanks!"
"Especially your tits," he said, looking down at them.
Angie blushed at his scrutiny and she was startled when Will came up next to her and put his arm around her. "Her tits are amazing," he drawled, squeezing her tightly and pushing her tits together. "Her pussy is even better."
"You're a lucky man," said the older man as Angie's cheeks burned.
Will was caressing her underboob in front of the man, lightly rubbing his fingertips on her soft skin. Angie instinctively leaned into his touch and he grinned as his finger dipped under the fabric, grazing the edge of her areola.
"I know," said Will. "Angie's a naughty slut."
The older man smirked. "I can see that." He poked her in the nipple, saying, "I hope to see y'all around," as he left.
Will turned her around and placed his hands on her ass, cupping her round luscious cheeks and spreading them apart. He drew her to him and kissed her on the lips. Angie sighed with pleasure, feeling a tingling that sang through her body. He tasted so good and this was their first kiss. Her tits were pressed against his muscular chest and her nipples were hardening. His tongue invaded her mouth and she tentatively met him with her own, retreating as he pushed forward. Angie clung to him and he chuckled as he lifted her up and kissed her harder. His scruff scraped her soft skin as his fingers grazed her outer lips. She wrapped her legs around his waist and moaned when he slipped a finger into her wet pussy.
He pulled his lips away, but kept his finger inside her pussy as he held her against him and spread her ass cheeks apart further. Angie rested her head on his broad shoulder, letting her dark hair cover her face as he added a second finger into her pussy. She wondered how many people were watching him finger fuck her in the lobby of this fancy resort. She was dripping, she wanted to cum so badly.
"You cock hungry slut," he whispered into her ear. "Do you want me to bend you over and take you here?"
Angie shook her head.
"Are you denying your master?"
Angie kept still and silent.
"I think you need to be punished more," he hissed as he withdrew his fingers from her pussy and smacked her ass with a loud whack that drew multiple gazes.
Angie bit her bottom lip to keep from moaning out loud. She opened her mouth compliantly as he shoved his fingers coated with her juices for her to lick clean. He dropped her onto her feet and he motioned for a bellboy to take their bags to their room. She walked dutifully behind him to the elevators, which was thankfully empty except for them.
The bellboy was staring at her tits and when they reached their room, Will turned to the bellboy and asked, "Do you want a tip or would you rather touch this slut's tits?"
The bellboy didn't hesitate. "Her tits."
Will opened the door and as soon as the bellboy dropped the bags, Will yanked her bikini top down, uncovering her rosy brown nipples. "Have fun," he said as he disappeared into the bathroom, leaving Angie alone with the bellboy in the foyer of their suite.
Angie groaned as the bellboy attacked her tits, he smashed them together and began motorboating them. He then pushed her nipples closer, so he could suck them both into his mouth at the same time. Angie whimpered as his tongue rubbed her nipples energetically. His fingers were digging into her soft flesh and she could feel her pussy leaking. All she needed was a little stimulation to her clit and she'd squirt everywhere. But she couldn't cum until her master told her she could. She had to be a good slut, even if it was so hard.
-
Will quietly exited the bathroom and filmed Angie getting her titties groped by the bellboy. Her face was suffused with pleasure as he sucked on her nipples. He was being quite aggressive with how tightly he was gripping her tits. Of course, she was enjoying every bit of it. Will could tell Angie was close to cumming. He recognized the expression on her face, but he didn't want her to orgasm yet. He tapped the bellboy on the shoulder before he hauled him off her.
"That's enough," he snapped.
The bellboy looked so disappointed. Will handed him a fifty and told him to scram. The bellboy's gaze lingered on Angie's tits as Will closed the door on his face. He then turned and stared at her tits, which were covered in the bellboy's spit.
"Did you like getting your tits sucked by that boy?" he asked.
Angie nodded reluctantly.
"You were close to cumming, weren't you?" Will gripped her chin and tilted her face up. "Answer me!"
"Yes, master," she said softly. "This slut was close to cumming."
"You are a very naughty slut," he snarled. "You'd spread your legs for anyone, let your cunt be fucked by any cock that wanted your slut hole."
"This slut only wants master's cock," she said, looking at him earnestly.
"Is that so?" Will slipped his hand down between her legs, feeling how swollen her lips were and how drenched she was. "Your pussy tells another story."
"This slut deserves to be punished."
Will walked by her and opened the closet, grabbing a wooden hanger. He seized her wrist and jerked her toward him, shoving her against the wall. Her tits smacked against each other and her nipples were quite swollen from all the earlier attention. Will knew exactly how he was going to punish her.
He dragged the hanger over her tits, over her distended nipples. Angie hitched her breath as he opened up the clips and snapped them onto her nipples. She howled as they crushed her sensitive buds. Will smirked as he tugged the hook and her nipples stretched as she stood there and took her punishment. He reached between her legs and she was leaking down her inner thighs.
He let go of the hanger and whirled her around, he tore her thong off and he freed his cock. He slid into her cunt, which was so slick that there was no resistance to his penetration. Will fucked her in front of the floor length mirror, which gave him a lovely view of her tits shaking with each thrust and the hanger bobbing with them.
Will slammed into her faster and harder as he became more and more aroused by watching how beautiful her tits looked with the hanger pinching her nipples, contrasted with her white top pulled under her tits. He could hold himself back, but he didn't want to. He wanted to unload his cum into his cum bucket.
Will leaned against her, his cock sheathed completely in her cunt. "Do you want to cum, slut?"
Angie nodded, her arms bracing her from being rammed into the mirror. "This slut wants to cum so badly on master's big dick."
She really knew how to talk in a way that inflamed him even more. Will unclipped the hanger, dropped it on the floor, and grabbed her titties roughly. "Cum you slut!" he roared.
Angie immediately convulsed around his cock as he hit her cervix and slapped his balls against her slutty cunt. Will shuddered as her pussy milked his cock of all his cum. He picked up her petite body and threw her onto the bed. He then collapsed on top of her, resting his head on her tits. He was a bit spent after that explosive ejaculation.
Angie was an unbelievable slut. She was so utterly submissive and so easy to exploit. The things she let him do to her. He had never snapped a hanger on a slut's tits before, but it had been so hot to see her tits bouncing with the hanger. Will couldn't wait to push all her boundaries and truly break her down until she was nothing but a fucking slut.