Chapter 2 -- Challenges: He challenges her to prove she can be uninhibited.
Notice: The author listed Jamaican Beauties Jaunt under Literotica's umbrella categoryNovels and Novellas: Erotic fiction with a broader scope. However, the events in this chapter cover a variety of Literotica categories including:
Exhibitionist & Voyeur: this chapter begins the story of a young Jamaican woman's acceptance of the Seven Progressive Challenges and her accomplishment of the first two challenges: 1) buying and posing in revealing clothing at a downtown shop and 2) wearing revealing clothing to a public tourist spot and posing for pictures taken by a stranger.
Interracial Love: this chapter continues the developing relationship between a Mulatto Jamaican woman and a Caucasian American man.
Mature: the story's primary characters are a young (26-year-old) woman and her Internet friend, a middle-aged (41-year-old) man.
Comments: All comments are welcome and appreciated. Please feel free to rate this chapter and to leave or send your comments to the author. It is the author's desire to become a better writer, to that end, your comments will help the author correct any weaknesses and reinforce any strengths.
Disclaimer: All characters portrayed in this story are fictional and were, to the author's knowledge, at least 18 years old at the time they engaged in any form of sexual activity mentioned in this story.
* * * * *
Justice Challenge
Four months earlier, immediately after her Belgium boyfriend broke up with her, Denise talked with her mother about that failed relationship. Annika, wanting a better understanding of what led to Denise's acceptance of Lars' rude and crude behavior, asked about their history together and specifically their time together when Denise toured Brussels. At the time, Denise had been reluctant to provide any details. Now that Denise was asking her mother to help her understand why her breakup with Lars had such a profound impact on her outlook on life and hampered her ability to have another relationship, Annika found Denise more forthcoming.
After taking several deep breaths, Denise explained, "Lars promised to arrange for my visit to Brussels and to give me a tour of the city. Instead, he left me on my own. I took it on myself to arrange transportation from the airport and for a hostel during my stay. I assumed that once I was there, we would meet up and Lars would take me on his promised tour. I didn't hear from or see him until my second day in Brussels. He emailed me directions and we met for lunch at a small sidewalk cafe. He gave me a map with markings and directions to various tourist sites in Brussels, along with corresponding bus and tram schedules, but he never took me on a tour himself."
Annika frowned, "So you were on your own while you were there?"
Denise nodded and continued, "We met for drinks later that second evening and he took me to a stylish nightclub. Lars told me he couldn't take me to one of the newer, trend-setting clubs because I wasn't properly dressed. He said it was expected that when a woman in the know went to a trendier nightclub they did not wear underwear and, if it was her first time at the club, she would strip while she danced."
Still frowning, Annika shook her head but remained silent.
"When we got to the club, we found a table and drank some wine. Later, as we danced, he told me that the following evening he would take me to one of the best nightclubs in town, but I should be dressed appropriately, meaning without a bra, underwear, or stockings and in revealing, easily removed clothing."
Although she continued to hold her tongue, Annika hissed.
Denise continued, "I reluctantly agreed. The next evening I dressed as Lars requested. We met at a hotel bar for drinks before we took a cab to a very nice, expensive, well-furnished nightclub. After the hostess seated us near the dance floor, Lars ordered a bottle of Champagne. When we got up to dance, he asked me to take off my jacket and leave it on my chair. I reminded myself that I was in a foreign country and didn't know the mores, so I did as he asked. As we danced, he continually requested that I undo one, then another button on my blouse. Each time he asked, I hesitantly obliged his requests until my blouse hung open.
Annika wanted to speak her mind, but when Denise looked to her she muttered, "Please continue."
Denise looked down to her folded hands lying in her lap as she continued her story, "That was when I noticed that only a few women wore clothing as revealing as mine and none had unbuttoned her blouses. I told Lars I needed to take a break went to the loo. Whilst I was there, I met a couple of girls that spoke English and inquired about the custom of removing your clothing in the finer nightclubs. They insisted they'd never heard of such a custom."
Annika, frozen in her hatred of Lars, simply nodded for her daughter to finish her story.
"When I confronted him, Lars dismissed my complaints telling me that the girls either didn't understand my question or weren't familiar with the customs at trend-setting nightclubs. He tried to convince me to remove my blouse and dance with him. When I refused, he insisted I not embarrass him and abide by the local customs by removing my blouse. I refused to do so until I saw another woman take off hers. After we finished our second glasses of Champagne, Lars, seemingly upset, took me outside, put me into a cab, gave the driver the address of my hostel, and sent the cab and me away, leaving me to pay the fare."
Annika growled, but rather than speaking her mind, she took a drink of her tea and waited for Denise to continue.
"I did not hear from him during the rest of my stay in Brussels," Denise continued.
"So why did you continue to communicate with him after you returned home?" Annika inquired with apparent ire.
"Lars contacted me immediately after I arrived home and apologized. He explained he had been extremely busy with several large projects in his office. He noted that with the many hours he'd been working he had no free time or energy to take me on a tour of Brussels."
Annika nodded for her daughter to continue her story.
"He said he really enjoyed our brief time together and he thought I was charming and beautiful. He added that he wished he had had more time to get to know me better. As we chatted, he inquired about Jamaica and we were soon talking about taking a tour of Jamaica. He told me he would like for me to show him the Jamaica that most tourists never see and I found that I was interested in showing him the real Jamaica."
Annika sipped her tea and waited.
Denise took a deep breath before continuing her tale, "As we prepared for our trip together, we grew closer. He continually flattered me, saying he thought I was the real beauty in Jamaica. He began telling me how much he liked, respected, and admired me. Finally, to my delight, he told me he loved me. You know how desperate I was to have someone, anyone besides you and father, tell me they loved me. I happily accepted every compliment and I forgave or forgot about his behavior in Brussels."
Annika noted, "I'm quite aware of your desire to have a tall, thin, gentleman sweep you up and take you away to his palace where he will spend hours making sweet but passionate love to you. Unfortunately, Lars was never that man."
Denise frowned and exclaimed, "I know that now, mother. Now, should I finish my story?"
Annika nodded.
"I researched and prepared a tour of my favorite spots in Jamaica. Partially at your insistence, I booked a bed and breakfast at each location. They were single rooms with a single bed, but at the time, I believed I was in love and Lars loved me in return. I thought that was what I wanted and what you wanted for me. I thought that Lars and I would share the beauty of Jamaica each day, and a bed and our love for one another each night. However, as I soon learned, that was not how Lars felt about me. It was not what he intended to do in Jamaica."
Annika interrupted, "Yes, when I first met him, I tried to point out that something was wrong, Lars wasn't the gentleman you'd described to me. There was something amiss with his accent, something insidious in his words, and something frightening about his demeanor and behavior. I couldn't determine exactly why, but I distrusted him within a minute of meeting him and I tried to share that with you, to warn you."
"Well, you were right. I wish I'd paid more attention to what you were telling me. As soon as we finished lunch and you left, his attitude changed. He wasn't my lover, nor was he a gentleman. He was a blighter, a cad who cheated on me and tried to rape me."
"How did it begin, what led up to the rape?" Annika asked, seething inside while trying to remain outwardly calm.
"He'd been drinking heavily, and because we had a long drive the next morning I decided to go to bed early. Despite my offer to give him the pleasure he'd been hinting he wanted all day, he stayed on the patio drinking."
"Do you know why he was drinking?"
"When I asked, he said it was none of my business."
"So you don't know why?"
"After Lars dumped me, I contacted everyone we'd met on the tour. From what I've learnt, he'd asked one of the waitresses at a nearby restaurant to meet him after her shift and she'd agreed to do so. However, when she learnt he was traveling with a woman, she cancelled. After she told me what happened she shared that he was vulgar and hostile when she cancelled the liaison."
"So Lars attempted to cheat on you?"
"Mother, he didn't just attempt to cheat on me, it's my understanding that he did! Several times!"
Annika leaned forward, hugged her daughter, and simply said, "I'm sorry dear. Do you still want to tell me the story?"
"Yes!" Denise answered and took a sip of her tea before continuing, "I went to bed. Lars stayed on the patio and drank the rest of his wine. When he came inside, he stood beside the bed and demanded that I, in his words, suck his cock and get it hard so he could fuck me. I thought he wanted to make love to me, so I unbuckled his pants. I was surprised to find he wasn't aroused. When I hesitated, he grabbed the back of my head, pulled my face to his groin, demanding I make him hard."
"What did you do?"
"I sucked his penis as well as I knew how until he was aroused. At that point, he pushed me back on the bed and tried to force himself on me. I begged him to help me get wet. He spread my legs and climb on top of me. I asked him to put on a condom. He tried to penetrate me with his aroused but not firm penis."
"What happened?"
"He passed out before he could penetrate me."
"Denise, he tried to rape you! What did you do?"
"Nothing. I believed it was my fault. I'd offered to have sex with him, I'd willingly performed fellatio to help get him aroused, and I didn't fight when he climbed on top of me and spread my legs."
"No Denise! That's not how it's supposed to be. You can always refuse to have sex; you can always change your mind. A gentleman abides your wishes. Lars did not abide your wishes. Lars tried to rape you. He did not intend nor attempt to provide you sexual satisfaction. He forced you to give him a blowjob when he grabbed your head. As you said, you technically assisted him by taking his penis in your mouth and sucking. Nevertheless, when you begged him to help get you wet, Lars ignored your pleas, spread your legs, and climbed on top of you. When you asked him to wear a condom, he tried to penetrate you, to violate you, to rape you."
"Well, to be fair, I would have allowed him to do it."
Annika snarled, "You were willing to let a drunken blighter fuck you without protection and risk getting an STD. What were you thinking? Were you even thinking?"
"I thought he loved me," Denise offered as she wiped away a tear.
Her anger apparent, Annika continued her lecture, "I pray that you've learned your lesson. I hope that the next time you remember all the things your father and I taught you about dealing with men."
"Yes, I remembered them, but I wasn't thinking at the time. I'm sorry."
"Denise, I'm not trying to make you feel sorry, I'm just trying to get you to remember your lessons, and to have you promise your father and me that you'll never be stupid like that again."
"I promise mother," Denise croaked as she wiped away another tear.
* * * * *
After their discussion about Lars' boorish behavior, Annika asked Denise to consider taking action against Lars, to report him or at least warn others of his offensive, inappropriate, and reprehensible actions so he wouldn't harm anyone else. Will agreed with Annika and he too urged Denise to take action.
Once Denise agreed to warn others about Lars' behavior, Will contacted two of his friends at his company. They had the necessary technical expertise to help Denise. He asked them to contact Denise and provide her the information and any software she would need to insure Lars could not remove her postings to his Travel profile nor hack her accounts and remove her postings.
With help from Will's friends, Denise posted information about Lars' behavior during her visit to Brussels and his visit to Jamaica on Lars' and her Travel website profiles and on her Facebook page. In those postings, she explained how Lars never took her on his promised tour of Brussels, and in fact, did not help her arrange for a hotel, transportation, or tours in Brussels. He had, other than taking her to lunch once and dancing at two nightclubs, left her on her own the rest of the time she was in Brussels. She noted that he had attempted to have her to dance topless at a nightclub. She explained that during his visit to Jamaica, he used her tour as a means to meet and have sex with other women and topped that despicable behavior by attempting to rape her.
* * * * *
Having confessed to her mother and taken action against Lars, Denise finally felt guiltless, relieved, and freed. She was soon using her three and a half days off every weekend to do the planning, research, and traveling necessary to design and develop tours for her tour company. She determined it would take her about three-weeks to research the numerous restaurants, hotels, bed and breakfasts, and tourist locations she'd identified and to prepare a tentative itinerary for her proposed one-on-one tours of the seldom seen beautiful locations in Jamaica.
Denise was surprised how quickly she identified what she needed, and how much information she already had in her files, and that in those cases where she didn't have the information, she usually had the name, phone number or email, and address of someone who did. She prepared three possible tours, four if you counted the weeklong tour she'd already prepared for Lars.
Sunday, at dinner with her parents, Denise asked her father how much he would charge her to prepare the legal documents she'd need to create and operate a tour agency.
Ken Johnson smiled and told his daughter, "I will give you a list of the information I will need and once you've provided that information I will take the required actions to incorporate your business. Don't worry about the costs, I'll charge you the discounted family and friends' hourly rate."
When Denise frowned, Ken added, "If you don't have the money, I will provide financing against a percentage of shares in your company. A company in which, having heard your concept, I'm willing to invest a good deal of money. Let's say twenty-five percent of your shares?"
"Father, I don't have a company, much less any shares to sell," Denise giggled.
"But you will, once I've prepared and filed your incorporation papers," Ken Johnson told his daughter without a trace of humor.
"Are you serious?"
"Yes Denise. I have faith in you, I think you will be a wonderful manager, and I think your company is a unique concept, with lots of potential and few negatives. So, unless you object, I will prepare the papers for you and I'll take my fees in the form of shares."
"It's a deal, as long as you're still offering your discounted family and friends' rate and the total costs will come to no more than the equivalent of five percent of the shares," Denise told her father sternly.
Ken laughed, "See, I was right! You're a good business manager and you'll make sure your company is successful."
* * * * *
Progressive Challenges
In October, after chatting online with her for five months, Will still teased Denise about her prudish attitude, especially her oft-stated objection to wearing revealing or exotic clothes—the clothes her mother wore. He tried many means to encourage, convince, and prod Denise to let go of her inhibitions, but without success. She was resolute in her belief that a proper lady would not dress like a "chippy" and that her father insisted his daughter always dress primly.
During their chats, Denise shared many stories about her father daring her to try different sports and activities. She explained how she accepted every one and attempted to accomplish them until her father finally declared her the winner of his dare. Based on those stories Will assumed it was unlikely she would pass on a dare, even a dare that called upon her to dress and behave like her mother. Thus, Will hoped that a series of dares might encourage and persuade her to be less prudish, to wear clothing that was more revealing, enjoy the thrill of exhibiting herself, and to appreciate the excitement of knowing others might see her while she was exposed. He wanted to give her an opportunity to enjoy the exhilaration of exhibition and to build on that until she could see the benefits of giving up her prim behavior and learn to be more open and uninhibited. Unfortunately, she was reluctant to accept his dares, knowing that he'd undoubtedly created them with the primary, if not only purpose of getting her to reveal more of her body.
In an effort to convince her to wear revealing outfits and behave in an uninhibited manner, Will offered her the Seven Progressive Challenges. Actually, it wasn't really an offer; he was, in effect, challenging her to prove that her, quote, proper behavior, end quote, wasn't just her justification for acting and behaving like a prude. He declared that if she wouldn't take the challenges—a program well known throughout the world and governed by an international committee—she was admitting she was a prude.
To egg her on, he disclosed that he'd taken the Seven Progressive Challenges. They were designed specifically for him, as were all the challenges, and he completed them without a problem. "In fact," he told her late one evening during an Internet chat, "I had a fantastic time during each of the challenges. Participants must provide proof of their successful accomplishment of each of the challenges. I found that selecting photographs or videos proving I had completed a challenge and writing about my feelings while completing it was frequently just as exciting as the execution of the challenge."
"How does it work and how do I know it isn't fixed, that I'll have to do something embarrassing to complete the challenges?"
Happy that he'd piqued her interest, Will explained, "First, it's overseen and certified by a world-wide organization, the Société Internationale de Défis Progressive."
"Really! How does it work?"
Will, sensing she was interested in taking the challenges, sent her the two messages he'd prepared earlier in the hope she might consider them.
"The society reviews and approves all the challenges issued by its members, certifies the satisfactory completion of each, and issues a certificate to those who successfully complete their challenges. The Seven Progressive Challenges is actually a series of tests, each one building on the previous and are thus, progressively more challenging. Each participant receives challenges designed specifically for them and subsequent challenges reflect and reinforce the activities and feelings documented by the participant upon completing their previous challenge."
"Although the society's purpose is to offer challenges that are increasingly more difficult, daring, and risqué than their predecessor, the society reviews all challenges to ensure they are safe. The society will not ask, expect, or have any participant do anything dangerous. Nothing you do during the challenges should cause you any physical, mental, or emotional harm or get you arrested. Further, you can resign from, that is quit, the challenges at any time without having to specify your reason."
"I need to think about it," Denise responded after she'd read his messages.
Will immediately responded with three additional messages he'd prepared in the hopes they might keep her focused on the dare he'd placed before her and perhaps convince her to accept the challenges. It was Will's hope, that he could entice into considering them and because she'd willingly accepted her father's dares, she'd be inclined to accept his.
The first message, after Will quickly revised it, read, "I am taking your response, i.e., "to think about it," as your agreement to consider accepting the Seven Progressive Challenges. Assuming your interest is piqued and you will see the positive aspects of the challenges, I will send you an email with the subject: "Seven Progressive Challenges Offer." That email is a formal offer, approved by the society, which you can accept or reject. You may take as long as you need to decide whether you are interested in taking the challenges. Once you are prepared to make your decision, open the email containing the formal offer. You will have the option to reject, continue to consider, or to accept the challenges."
A subsequent message continued, "If you decide to reject the offer, use the email containing the offer to reply, stating you are "REJECTING the offer to participate in the Seven Progressive Challenges." If you wish to continue to consider your acceptance, you may do so, but only having opened the first message. Please do not open the second email unless you have decided to accept the Seven Progressive Challenges."
The final message stated, "With the formalities out of the way, let me make one last attempt to convince you to accept the challenges. I truly believe that should you accept them, you will find the Seven Progressive Challenges exciting, informative, insightful, and a great deal of fun. I hope, for your own reasons, you will accept the challenges and make every effort to complete all seven."
Will hoped the challenges would help her overcome her apparent repression and obvious inhibitions. That, through the challenges, she would learn to become uninhibited in her approach to dressing, life, and sex. It was his desire that the challenges would push her toward becoming a woman that enjoyed all that life had to offer.
Previously, Will sent a request to the Société Internationale de Défis Progressive explaining the reasons for presenting the challenges and his desired outcomes and goals, and received the society's approval to present Denise with her first challenge. Wishing to be in a position to move things forward, Will also developed a obtain approval for a preparatory challenge, one that would test her will power but not require her to expose herself too far outside her comfort zone. Since he had official approval, Will sent Denise the email explaining the first challenge.
* * * * *
Later that evening, after considering her options, Denise concluded she wanted to take Will's dare, to accept his Seven Progressive Challenges offer. She still wasn't confident that she could complete all seven of the progressively daring and risqué challenges that Will would undoubtedly present her. Despite her doubt, she opened the first email knowing she would consider and most likely accept Will's challenges.
_______________
From: Will Kruger
To: Denise Johnson
Date: Sunday October 10
Subject: Seven Progressive Challenges Offer
Denise,
You have agreed to consider the Seven Progressive Challenges and, should you accept them, to make every effort to complete each of the challenges presented to you. Remember, each challenge is progressively more daring and risqué than the previous until you either resign or successfully accomplish all seven challenges.
The first challenge is preparatory to several of the subsequent challenges. You should only accept the first challenge if you are willing and committed to completing the remaining six challenges and thus earning the Seven Progressive Challenges certificate from the Société Internationale de Défis Progressive, verifying that you have proven you are uninhibited and not a prude.
Please keep in mind that the things you will be challenged to do will not, in and of themselves, cause you any physical, mental, or emotional harm or result in your being arrested, although, they may cause you some difficulties if you are not careful. As you are completing the challenges, you always need to be aware of your surroundings and the people around you, especially those who can see you, and therefore take photographs and videos of you and what you are doing.
If you are still unsure of your commitment or ability to complete all seven of the challenges that I will present to you, please stop reading this message and send me a return email stating that you are REJECTING my Seven Progressive Challenges offer.
Read the next email message ONLY if you are committed to accepting and completing the Seven Progressive Challenges.
Your Hopeful Challenger,
Will
_______________
Although she'd read it, Denise didn't pay attention to Will's request or warning at the end of his first email. She only knew that she was interested in learning more about the challenges. She knew she wanted to prove to Will that she wasn't the prude he thought she was, that she could be uninhibited like her mother. Therefore, disregarding Will's conditions regarding continuing, she opened the second email.
_______________
From: Will Kruger
To: Denise Johnson
Date: Sunday October 10
Subject: Seven Progressive Challenges Offer -- Continued
Good!
First, if you wish to verify that the society officially sanctioned and approved these Seven Progressive Challenges, you may go to the society's website. Entering the International Society for Progressive Challenges in any Internet search engine should give you a link to their home page. Once there, you can enter my name and the challenge number (10-28295) in the website's search box.
I hope you will take the challenges in the spirit intended: as a means to allow you to test your will power, to push your exhibition boundaries beyond your current comfort zone, and to learn to enjoy the freedom of uninhibited behavior. Below are instructions you need to follow in order to accomplish your first challenge, which in turn will prepare you to complete the Seven Progressive Challenges.
Instructions for First Challenge
For the first challenge, and to prepare for the remaining challenges, you need to obtain 1) a short skirt with a hem at least four inches above your knees, preferably six inches; 2) a sleeveless, front-buttoning, lightweight, preferably transparent or at least diaphanous, blouse; 3) a pair of three-inch, preferably at least four inches, stiletto heeled pumps or sandals; and 4) optionally, but preferred, at least one pair of opaque, thigh-high, stay-up or hold-up nylons.
If you already have any or all of the items, you are well on your way to completing the first challenge. If, as I suspect, you do not own any of these items you need to purchase them at a clothing store.
When you have gathered the required clothing items, dress in the clothes and have someone, preferably someone you do not know, take at least five photos of you, somewhere other than your apartment, while you are wearing the clothes, and email three or more of those photos to me so that I can approve your selections and the accomplishment of your first challenge. An option to save you some money would be to have someone take photos as you try on and model the clothes at the store. That way, you won't need to purchase the clothing items until I have approved them. Once you have selected and I have approved the specified clothing items, let me know how much the clothes cost and I will reimburse your expenses.
To aid you in achieving your goal of completing the Seven Progressive Challenges and to practice documenting your proof of having accomplished each challenge, you need to prepare a journal. That journal should document 1) your preparation, (e.g., getting dressed and getting to the location); 2) executing the challenge, (i.e., the actions you took to accomplish the challenge); and 3) your feelings as you performed the challenge and just after completing it.
You will also need to take numerous photos throughout each challenge. Once you complete a progressive challenge, as your proof, in addition to a required minimum number of photographs, you will need to provide me a narrative of the events and your feelings along with any additional photos you believe are necessary or will add to your story and my understanding.
After you complete a challenge and I have accepted your proof, I will send you the next challenge. The challenges will continue until you accomplish the seven challenges or elect to resign and thus admit to the world that you are an inhibited prude.
It is my preference, but not a requirement of the challenges, that you email the photos of you modeling the clothes and specified descriptions within seven days of accepting the challenges.
Your Challenger,
Will
_______________
After sending the emails, Will picked up his wine glass, sat on his love seat, and wondered, "Will this push her too far or too fast? Am I asking her to do something she will find too uncomfortable to attempt? What if I'd misread or misunderstood what she has been telling me, or at least hinting? On the other hand and more importantly, what if I'm right in believing she subconsciously wants this, wants me to make her do this?"
He knew it was a risk, but, if he was right, if she had indeed been sending those signals that he believed he was receiving, and he had correctly interpreted and understood those signals, if, as he believed, she was unconsciously begging him to help her, it was his duty and his desire to do that, to help her.
To justify his actions to himself, he said aloud for the world to hear, "After all, she's my friend," and then said only to himself, "Friend? When did that happen?" He finally thought, "And is that what I want her to be, my friend, or am I hoping, wishing, praying for more than friendship?"
Will, wine glass in hand, leaned back in the love seat and considered all the things the two of them had shared in the last six months. He recalled and analyzed their chats to see if he could discern a pattern or a message. Later, as he got up to refill his glass, he reminded himself, that unlike computer systems, the patterns of human emotions were convoluted and difficult to discern and analyze, and talking aloud to himself he concluded, "This would normally be a difficult task, but given Denise's history and inhibitions, it will be nearly impossible to understand what signals she's sending. But, as her friend, I believe I owe her the effort."
* * * * *
Although she wanted to accept the challenges, Denise took most of the week to decide if she could and should go through with all seven challenges. On Friday at lunch with her mother, Denise mentioned the challenges in hopes of getting a fresh perspective, albeit one that would surely be excited about the idea of the challenges and pushing for her to accept every dare.
At first, they debated the benefits and problems with accepting the challenges. Annika pointed out, "I'm sure you'll find them to be thrilling and exciting."
Denise responded, "No, I'll probably find them unnerving and embarrassing."
Annika told her daughter, "It sounds like it would be very exciting," before giving Denise her usual motherly advice, "So why don't you loosen up, quit acting like a prude, and enjoy the bounty God and my good genes gave you!"
Denise expressed her reluctance to accept a series of challenges, "Mother, the challenges will undoubtedly involve escalating degrees of exhibitionism, designed, and intended to force me to expose ever more of myself unless I'm willing to concede that I'm indeed a prude."
The debate ended when Annika, after reading and considering Will's emailed assurance the challenges would be safe, insisted Denise take them and do everything asked of her. Annika asked her daughter, "Why would you even consider taking the challenges unless you're willing to do everything necessary to win them? Think all or nothing. How else will you prove to him and yourself that you are not inhibited, not a prude?"
After carefully considering her mother's arguments, Denise reluctantly acquiesced, "If you're sure it's the right thing to do, I'll take the challenges with the intent of completing all seven."
Now that she had committed to going through with the Seven Progressive Challenges, Denise reviewed the email and sat down with her journal—she had kept one since her first year in Secondary school when she decided she wanted to become a writer and had learned that maintaining a journal was a wonderful method for developing one's writing skills.
Denise began her Seven Progressive Challenges journal by listing what she understood about the challenges, what she believed she would need to do to accomplish the challenges, and what would be required of her. Knowing that the first challenge involved being photographed wearing revealing clothes, Denise expected subsequent challenges would involve someone taking photographs of her, in public, wearing those same revealing clothes, and less. Based on what she knew of Will from his emails and their Internet chats, she suspected the subsequent challenges would eventually include public displays of her most intimate body parts and possibly sexual activities.
Denise then remembered her mother's admonishment, that if she took the challenges—an action that her mother favored—she should do it as an "All or nothing," proposition. With that mantra rattling in her head, Denise believed she had everything she needed to take on the challenges, except her mother's uninhibited attitude towards her body, sex, and life in general.
For one of the few times in her life, Denise envied her mother. She wrote in her journal, "I believe I can force myself to accomplish any challenge that involves exposing my body, it's the exposure of my inner thoughts that concerns me. As for sexual encounters, I'm hoping, based on Will's previous statements that the challenges will not cause me any harm, and believe that because of his awareness of my concerns about sexually transmitted diseases and unwanted pregnancies, that I will not have to face that decision. Therefore, I've decided not to worry about continuing with the challenges until, and if, a challenge requires me to engage in a sexual activity. Only then will I consider and make a decision about quitting."
* * * * *
Sunday morning Denise woke up early, feeling excited and surprised to find that she was still willing to accept Will's Seven Progressive Challenges. She climbed out of her bed and, without dressing, prepared a cup of tea, sat at her computer, and prepared her email to Will.
_______________
From: Denise Johnson
To: Will Kruger
Date: Sunday October 17
Subject: Acceptance of the Seven Progressive Challenges
Will,
I am sure of my commitment to completing the first and any subsequent challenges you wish to propose. Thus, I hereby officially announce my willingness and intent to participate in the Seven Progressive Challenges. Within the week, I will send you an email, containing relevant excerpts from my journal and the specified photographs of me modeling the required clothing items. I hope that one email will be sufficient to permit you to review and approve the clothes I selected and thereby certify that I completed the first challenge.
Uninhibitedly, Denise
_______________
Afterwards, she sat back in her easy chair, enjoying her tea as she contemplated what challenges Will would present her and how she would go about accomplishing each one. She'd already decided she was willing to bare her body as necessary to win the challenge. "After all," she reassured herself, "I'm not giving anything away. I know, when I complete the challenges, I will still have all my body parts. Will promised no harm would come to me. He assured me I won't have to worry about being arrested or fired from my job because of anything he will asks me do in a challenge. Thus, once I've completed the seven challenges, I will still be me. As for exposing my inner thoughts, given the preparation for the challenges I don't see that being a problem. It appears, for now, that Will is simply pushing me to dress provocatively and flash strangers as a means of proving to him that I'm not a prude. Moreover, if I remember that I've already effectively done those things whilst dancing in Bacchanal Road Marches, the challenges shouldn't be difficult. I think, no I know, I can complete the seven challenges and prove to Will that I can be uninhibited."
Getting up to make one more cup of tea before she had to get dressed and go to the gym for her workout and swim, Denise almost shouted, "I will complete the Seven Progressive Challenges and he will have to admit that I am not a prude!"
* * * * *
First Challenge
Deciding to take advantage of her mother's obvious knowledge of revealing and risqué clothing, Denise asked Annika if she knew of any shops that sold clothes similar to those specified in Will's email. Annika, excited that Denise had accepted Will's challenges, gave her the addresses of three shops in the New Kingston area that sold the kind of clothing she suspected Will wanted Denise to wear—the kind of clothing Annika wore.
Friday morning, after her workout and swim, Denise grabbed her small digital camera and headed out to shop for her new revealing clothes. She'd decided to take Will's advice and to save some money by having a clerk or customer photograph her as she tried on and modeled the clothes in the store. That also appealed to her because she found it difficult to decide which of the few people she knew she trusted to photograph her as she posed in what would obviously be revealing clothes.
In the first store she visited, Denise found a short skirt she liked, but she couldn't find a transparent or diaphanous blouse or stiletto heeled sandals and if she was going to do the challenge, she was going to follow her mother's advice and "go all-the-way."
The second store had everything she needed, a short, hip-hugger, suede skirt with a hem that fell six inches above her knees, a sheer, tan, sleeveless, front-buttoning blouse, a pair of brown sandals with three and a half-inch stiletto heels, and tan, thigh-high, stay-up stockings.
Denise found a clerk—a mousey girl wearing a very conservative, grey skirt and jacket suit with a white blouse buttoned to her neck—and asked her if she would hold the clothes for her. When the clerk agreed to her request, Denise walked to the third store to see if it had any useful clothes. That store had some of the most revealing and risqué clothes she'd ever seen. She knew immediately it had to be her mother's favorite store. While she was sure Will would love any of the clothes in the store, she also knew she wasn't ready to go out in public wearing anything she found in the store. Besides, she believed most of the clothes were so revealing that should she ever have the nerve to wear them in public the police would likely arrest her for indecent exposure.
Denise returned to the second store and as she retrieved her clothes from the young sales girl who had agreed to hold them for her she asked the clerk for another favor. When the young girl looked at her quizzically, Denise explained, "I need you to take a couple of pictures of me whilst I try on these clothes so I can show them to my boyfriend. If he likes them, I'll come back tomorrow and buy them."
The clerk frowned at Denise, but otherwise she didn't move.
"I'm not a freak, I'll give you five-hundred dollars for helping me," Denise offered, showing the clerk a Nanny, a Jamaican $500 bill with a picture of the Nanny of the Maroons and worth about $5 U.S., adding, "For your trouble."
Nodding her agreement, the clerk handed Denise the clothes and led her to the fitting room in a back corner of the store. Denise, having concluded, logically and unemotionally, that Will would undoubtedly make her do it later, removed everything she wore except her panties before she donned all the items that made up her new outfit, except the packaged stay-up hose. With her heart beating and stomach churning, she stepped out of the curtained cubicle with her camera and the "Nanny" bill.
Seeing herself in the mirror, Denise was surprised to find that she did not object to her appearance. Because she was in heels, her calves were well defined and she stood erect, instead of her usual hunched over posture. The lightweight suede skirt was very short and she'd have to remain aware of her surroundings as she sat down and while seated. Nevertheless, while she was standing the skirt accentuated her long, and thanks to her heels, shapely legs. Looking at her back, she saw that the skirt closely contoured the shape of her buttocks, but not too closely as to seem erotic or trampy. As was her habit, in her effort to conceal her large breasts, she had not tucked the blouse into the skirt's waistband. However, the sheer material of the blouse clearly revealed the curve of her breasts, the outline of her areolae, and did nothing to conceal the protrusions from her aroused nipples. When she moved, the blouse fluttered, alternating between concealing and revealing her shape. Yet, she was intrigued with the blouse and she especially liked how its color complimented her skin tones and matched the light brown suede skirt.
Denise handed the clerk her camera and had her take a dozen photographs before handing her the "Nanny" bill and taking back the camera. Satisfied with her clothing choice and her poses for the photographs, Denise changed back into her own clothes, walked to the cash register, handed the clerk the clothes she'd tried on, and asked her to hold them until the next day.
* * * * *
Back in her apartment Denise downloaded the pictures from her camera and selected three she liked and thought would best show the clothes she'd selected, a front view, a profile, and one from behind as she bent down to adjust her shoes with the bottom of her "big ole arse" barely concealed under the short skirt.
After selecting the last photograph she wondered, "Why did I pick this picture? I know Will's going to like these clothes simply because they expose me. Except he'd probably have me wear the skirt without panties and then he'd have me bend over so my naughty parts were visible. So why am I encouraging him by sending this photo?"
She didn't have an answer to her questions.
Later, as she drafted her email documenting her feelings when she was shopping that morning, Denise found she was aroused as she recalled selecting the sexiest clothes she could find that met Will's criteria. She recalled that as she modeled them, she thought about having to wear the clothes in public and wondered what everyone would think of her. After all, she could see, as Will had told her she would, that with her long legs and large breasts exposed she would attract a great deal of attention in the outfit. Then, unlike the prim and proper lady she'd striven to be until then, she had such wanton thoughts that she was soon wet between her thighs.
In her email message she told Will how, after she led the clerk to the fitting room, assuming Will would want her to, she left the curtains partially open so the clerk could watch her change if she wished. She told him how she debated between leaving her bra on or removing it and logically, analytically, and unemotionally concluded he would surely want her braless, if not then, then soon enough, so she determined she might as well get used to wearing the blouse without a bra. She explained how she'd shivered when she removed her bra and again as the material of the nearly sheer blouse slid over her erect nipples, how moist she got as she grabbed her camera and the "nanny" bill from her purse, pushed the changing room curtain aside and walked out in her revealing clothes.
Remembering how powerful she felt as she posed for the clerk and ordered her to take each of the dozen photographs, she tried to explain it to Will. As Denise typed her email, she relived and revealed how powerful she felt as she told the clerk to hold the clothes and then informed her, "If my boyfriend likes the photos I'll come back tomorrow and buy the clothes."
When Will read that line, he subconsciously liked that Denise had called him her boyfriend, even if it was a little fib to influence the clerk.
Continuing to describe her adventure, Denise first recognized and then explained that she was surprised with how much in charge she felt as she walked back to her apartment knowing she had used her body, dress, and attitude to dominate the clerk while posing outside the fitting room wearing a nearly see-through blouse without a bra. As she prepared the email, Denise was so satisfied with the feelings she'd experienced modeling the revealing clothes that she determined she would not ask Will to reimburse her.
When she'd finished telling her story, Denise attached the three photographs she'd selected and sent the email to Will without bothering to edit her words. Within ten minutes she received his approval along with a personal message, "Denise, always remember those feelings, because they are the prize that both drives and satisfies the uninhibited."
* * * * *
Saturday morning, Denise walked the three blocks to the shop and paid the clerk for the clothes. Leaving the shop with her new clothes, Denise thought, "I feel powerful and in charge. I'm sure it's because I know the clerk believes I'm an uninhibited female who is willing to wear these clothes in public, clothes the clerk would never have the courage to wear. That feeling is, as Will told me it would, what is convincing and driving me to continue down this path, to become uninhibited, to become just like my mother."
Back in her apartment, Denise thought about the remaining challenges that awaited her acceptance. Challenges surely designed to coerce her to expose more of herself to more people. Knowing Will, as she believed she did, his challenges would specify exactly what he expected her to do while executing each challenge and what she would have to do to prove she had successfully completed each of the challenges. She acknowledged aloud, "I know that each challenge will require more of me, require me to be more uninhibited, to become more of an exhibitionist. Yet, that does not frighten or deter me. Instead, it motivates and excites me. Oh my, what have I become?"
* * * * *
Saturday afternoon Denise, as was becoming her custom since rearranging her work schedule, drove to the Melbourne district of Kingston to visit her mother and father. Her outgoing Jamaican mother was thrilled to learn that Denise had accepted and accomplished the first of the Seven Progressive Challenges.
Denise was surprised when her prim English father, asked, "Do you think you will be able to earn a certificate?"
Not understanding what her father meant or considering the ramifications of his implied knowledge of the challenges, Denise replied, "That is my goal father."
"Very good," Ken told his daughter with a smile as he hugged her before turning to leave. As he walked away, he commented to no one in particular, "Now all my Jamaican beauties will be certified exhibitionists."
Annika patted a chair next to her at the dining room table and asked, "So, why don't you tell me all about buying the new clothes for your first challenge?"
"I can do better than that," Denise answered as she pulled her notebook computer out of her backpack purse, put it on the table, and sat down in the seat next to her mother. She opened the computer as she explained, "I have some pictures I had taken to get Will's approval for the clothes."
The first photograph Denise brought up on the screen showed her posed facing the camera with her arms out to the sides and away from her body.
"I like the outfit. I think the heels and skirt show off your legs nicely. However, the blouse surprises me. It's unlike you to wear something so revealing. In fact, it's so sheer that I can clearly see that you weren't wearing a bra," Annika calmly told her daughter.
Denise blushed slightly but, as she brought up the second photo, a profile shot, she decided not to try to explain why she'd removed her bra. She wasn't ready to talk with her psychologist mother about how much influence her Internet friend had over her thoughts and emotions.
"My, it certainly does show off your ass and breasts, and look at the curve of your calves, that's why you should always wear heels," Annika commented.
Knowing how much excitement it would garner from her mother, Denise continued to keep her silence as she brought up the last photo.
The photograph showed Denise from behind as she bent down, her legs straight and her knees locked, her hands reaching down for her shoes, her breasts quite evident as her blouse pulled tight around her chest, and the bottom of her ass visible below the hem of her short suede skirt. As she looked at it, Annika took a deep breath, and considered what she wanted to say.
"What do you think," Denise asked grinning at her mother's rare display of reserve.
"Did you send this to Will?"
"Yes. These are the three photos I sent him to get his approval for the clothes and my first challenge."
"Well, I must say, Will has certainly gotten you to come out of your shell," Annika told her with a laugh.
As Denise laughed with her mother, she recalled her thoughts as she committed to the challenges, specifically, that she was willing to bare her body to win the challenges because she knew that showing her body would not cause her harm. That when she finished the challenges she would be the same person that started them. After all, she had once unintentionally bared herself at the Bacchanal Road March and it hadn't harmed or changed her.
She remembered Will once telling her something a girlfriend, his first lover, had told him. According to Will, for some unfathomable reason she'd wanted to expose her breasts to him in public and to that end, she'd analyzed the possible repercussions of her proposed action and concluded that if she did so, no one could or would take anything from her; they could and would only admire her beauty or nerve. After she'd gone through with her display, she felt vindicated. Her logic had been correct.
Denise used that same logic first to convince herself to take the Seven Progressive Challenges and later to gather the nerve to pose in front of the clerk wearing a diaphanous blouse while braless. The logic had again proven to be correct. No one had taken anything from her. In fact, the clerk appeared to admire and be in awe of Denise. Will's girlfriend had been right!
Denise noted that someday, but not today, she should talk with her mother about that logic and her experience while employing it.
* * * * *
Second Challenge
Immediately after Denise agreed to accept the Seven Progressive Challenges, Will prepared the second and third challenges and obtained the approval of the Société Internationale de Défis Progressive so he could offer them to Denise as soon as she completed the first challenge. Thus, to push Denise's boundaries and expand her comfort zone, so she might complete the progressive challenges and prove to herself that she could be uninhibited, he emailed the second of the Seven Progressive Challenges late Saturday night so she would have it the first thing Sunday.
Sunday morning, Denise followed her usual routine. She awoke early, wearing the XXL Cricket Jersey she always wore as a nightgown, showered, and dressed in jeans and one of her father's old, white, long sleeved, French-cuffed, dress shirts.
Dressed for a casual morning before her workout, she put a kettle of water on the stove for her tea, turned on her notebook computer and as it booted up she prepared her tea. With her cuppa in hand, she sat down at her make shift computer desk to scan her favorite chat rooms, visit a couple of the more active travel sites where she was a member, and read her emails. She'd nearly finished her tea when she first saw the email from Will.
"This is it, my second challenge. I wonder how it will progress, what he'll make me do in order to complete it. Well, let's take a look," she told herself as she opened the email message.
_______________
From: Will Kruger
To: Denise Johnson
Date: Sunday October 24
Subject: Second Challenge: Tourist Spot Photographs
Denise,
Because the challenges are progressive, your second challenge is to wear the clothes you purchased for the first challenge, with the top three buttons of the blouse unbuttoned, and go to a well-known tourist spot. After walking around for at least ten minutes, you are to ask someone, preferably a stranger, to take at least five photographs that clearly show you posing at a recognizable tourist spot.
Your proof will be at least three, and preferably more, photographs clearly showing you at an identifiable tourist spot while wearing your approved clothes as specified above. In addition, as you did for the first challenge, you need to provide a summary of your journal entries about your feelings as you prepared for, executed, and completed the challenge. As with the first challenge, I will review the photographs along with your descriptions and determine if you accomplished the challenge. Once I determine that you accomplished the challenge, I will immediately notify you of such.
Your Impressed Challenger,
Will
_______________
"Not so bad," Denise thought, "I'll get this out of the way and move on with the rest of the challenges. If they're all like this, by the end of next week I'll have completed all seven challenges and proven to him, and everyone else, that I'm not a prude."
To build her resolve, Denise reminded herself that she'd already posed for photos wearing the short skirt and sheer blouse when she was in the clothing store. She recalled her journal entries from when she was considering accepting the challenges. Specifically, she recalled the entries where she decided, knowing that no harm would come to her as a result of the challenges, that she was willing to bare her body as necessary to win a challenge. With that revised resolve, she was prepared to wear the blouse, with her cleavage displayed, as she posed in a public park and allowed a stranger to take photographs of her, albeit with her camera.
Denise spent the rest of the day assessing her feelings regarding the challenge's effect on her attitude and behavior. She wondered if the challenges would destroy her father's efforts to teach her to be a prim and proper gentlewoman. If, somehow, Will's efforts would turn her into a conspicuous jade, a wanton exhibitionist—into her mother. That led her to consider her mother. Although she often behaved like a lusty strumpet, Denise, after several minutes of reflection, was positive her mother had never cheated on her husband, Denise's father. Moreover, although her mother dressed in suggestive, if not outright revealing clothes, Denise's father had, as far as Denise knew, never objected and, as she thought back on their times together, had often encouraged her mother to dress in those revealing clothes.
Denise wondered, "Have I been wrong all these years? Have I misunderstood my mother's behavior? Have I been wrong about my father's attitude towards exhibitionist behavior?"
Not wanting to worry any longer about her mother's actions in public and her father's acceptance of that behavior, Denise sat back in her easy chair, closed her eyes, and daydreamed of winning the Seven Progressive Challenges and making Will stand up in front of everyone and admit, "Denise Johnson is the most beautiful and least inhibited Jamaican woman I've ever encountered."
* * * * *
Monday, at the end of her work shift, Denise, having previously decided to forgo her workout, changed in the restroom at her office building and wore her challenge outfit, as she now referred to it, as she drove to Emancipation Park. She'd chosen the park because it was just across the road from the Jamaican Pegasus hotel and thus, it was well known, centrally located, and had plenty of nearby parking. A large, open area, it had been the starting point or Mas Camp for the annual Bacchanal Road March for many years. Most importantly, it had one particular feature she knew, even though he'd never been to Kingston, Will would recognize. It would definitely fulfill his requirement that the photographs prove she was at an identifiable tourist spot.
On the drive to the park, Denise tried to ignore her momentary loss of resolve when she tried on the outfit in her apartment the previous evening. That was when she'd concluded she wasn't yet ready to walk around in a public area without a bra; especially wearing a sheer blouse with the top three buttons undone. Denise had opted to make a compromise and wear a small underwire bra her mother had given her years before. When that memory flashed through her brain, Denise looked down and saw that while her blouse had hidden the bra and her cleavage last night, now, under the bright sunlight they were very evident. In fact, the tiny shelf bra lifted and pushed her breasts together, giving her far more cleavage than she normally displayed. In addition, the blouse itself was almost invisible and with three buttons undone, the blouse gaped open and her bra, breasts, and cleavage were fully exposed. Despite that momentary concern, Denise remained committed to completing her challenge.
Denise parked near the point where she planned to pose while she allowed a stranger to take photographs of her in her revealing clothes. After stretching and taking several deep breaths, Denise forced herself to get out of the car and walk the perimeter of the park. She spent twenty minutes circling the park. Will's dare called for ten minutes, so she wanted to double that time. She was not going to provide him with any opportunity to deny her the accomplishment of the second challenge. As she walked around the park and focused on her challenge, she soon forgot that her breasts were largely exposed. Instead, she repeatedly asked herself the question her mother posed when they had discussed the challenges, "Why bother taking the challenges if you're not willing to do everything possible to win them?"
As she walked and recited her newly developed mantra, Denise scanned the park and the people in it. She first focused on where she intended to have her photographs taken to prove conclusively she was in a public park and confirmed she'd made a good choice. She'd chosen a statute she was sure Will would recognize, even though he'd never been to Kingston. Next, she tried to decide which man or woman she would ask to take the required photographs. As she studied each person she spotted in the park, she wondered if they would be willing to take the time to photograph her, or if they'd complain about how she was dressed, how revealing her clothes were. That decision required a lot more analysis and consideration than she'd anticipated.
Denise finally mustered her courage and approached an older gentleman wearing a light grey, pinstriped, two-piece suit. As she neared, she showed him her camera and asked if he would mind taking several pictures of her as she posed before the Redemption Song Statue. Although he stared at her cleavage, he made no comment other than to agree to her request. When she posed in front of the statue of a naked male and female slave rising from a pool of water, Denise realized that posing for a stranger, in front of a statue of a well-endowed couple, when wearing revealing clothes was very exhilarating. She also realized that, like dancing on the front of a Bacchanal float, as long as she stayed focused on her goal, while it was exciting it was not overwhelming. She was thankful the challenge had allowed her to ask a stranger to take the photos. She didn't think she would have had the strength to let anyone she knew see her in such a revealing outfit, much less to have to pose in front of them as they took their time looking at her and taking numerous photographs.
* * * * *
As soon as she returned to her apartment, Denise turned on her computer, poured a glass of wine, sat at her makeshift computer desk, and prepared to put all her feelings into an email to Will.
She first selected three photographs from those the gentleman had taken of her in front of the Redemption Song Statue. Next, she prepared a long narrative about how scared and then excited she was as she changed into her new clothes in the office restroom, walked to her car, drove to the park, and walked around the park. She explained that she had to prod herself mentally to ask an elderly gentleman to photograph her, and again when she posed before the Redemption Song Statue.
Without thought or concern, she confessed that her biggest thrill was when she allowed the gentleman to kiss her on the cheek. During the kiss, she could see that he had a "stiffy" that tented his trousers. For a second she thought to ask, "Am I the cause of your discomfort," or perhaps, "Is that because of me?" She explained that although she hadn't, it felt good for that moment, to feel so sexy, so decadent, so like her mother.
Upon seeing her photographs, Will was stunned to see just how beautiful she was when she stood up straight and smiled. However, he was disappointed to see she'd worn a bra, even if it was quite revealing. He quickly responded to her email, telling her, "Although wearing a bra was a step backwards, not the progression the Society and I expected, your photographs and emailed narrative sufficiently proved you met all the specified requirements and thus completed the second challenge. I will send your third challenge within a week."
Will's email further suggested, "Until the next challenge, you should focus on your feelings while you were walking around the park in your heels, wearing a short skirt and a revealing blouse. Think about how you felt as the people in the park admired you. Remember the butterflies in your stomach as you gathered the nerve to ask a stranger to take photographs of you as you posed in front of the Redemption Song Statue. Recall, how excited you were as the gentleman was taking those photos. You should especially remember how strong and empowered you felt as you let the gentleman kiss you and when you saw that the sight of you had aroused him. Finally, remember how excited you were afterwards as you went back to your apartment, when you reviewed and selected the photos you wanted to show me, and as you wrote about your experience. As I've told you before, you should always remember and understand those feelings, because those are the feelings that both drive and satisfy the uninhibited."
Denise did as Will suggested and in addition to being pleased with her memories, she awoke the following two mornings very excited from her vivid and quite erotic dreams. In the first dream, she wore only her new heels as she walked around Emancipation Park and chatted with the other visitors. In the second, she was shopping while wearing only her new heels and skirt. When she was in an exotic clothing store, she tried on several revealing outfits and modeled them for the other customers. In both dreams, she was uninhibited and everyone praised her beauty and openness. While recalling her dreams, she wondered if she was feeling the same excitement that her mother had recently talked about with her.
Denise thought, "Perhaps that's why mother is always so happy. If that's the case, I wonder if she spends more time remembering the excitement she experienced during her last exploit or thinking about her next one."
* * * * *