"Oh My GOD! Ryan, I just got ate out by a girl."
Monica Leann Gift jumped up and down with excitement, her breasts swirling about in motion uncontrollably.
Holden Reese had no more than put his car in park that she had the door open and bailed to greet Ryan Quinones between cars.
"Slow down before you get whiplash." He chuckles looking over his shoulder for unwelcomed attention.
She could barely wait for him to load up a stack of four pizzas and more wings. Once he stood up she leaped at Ryan hugging him tightly.
Although she was concealed in her bikini it still looked awkward. Especially if his boss or right hand dough maker spotted them. All it would take is one on looking customer with a child to create a scene he wasn't prepared to explain.
Rubbing her back he hated to lose the embrace but decided best, "Get into my car before someone starts bitching. Ron or Mario would put a quick end to our fun."
Stepping back she plants her hands on her hips with a dry expression on her face, "I thought you were teaching me take more risks. No! If anyone see's me just tell them you know me from school and got caught off guard by me."
Holden steps up blocking her view from the windows, "Little Billy and Baby Jasmine in booth 5. Pointing. Stop being stubborn and listen to us."
Growling she races around and gets into Ryan's passenger seat. Ducking low she awaits Ryan.
Before he could join her Holden had to show him the video of Monica and Lisa. That took forever in Monica's eyes. Still she bit her lip begging for Ryan's reaction.
Finally, Ryan abandons Holden and hops into his beater beside Monica.
"Ate out like a champ." He chuckles.
She squeals and kicks about excitably, "You should have been there. Lisa gave me an orgasm than anybody ever. So hot!"
As she fans herself Ryan pulls out and hits the streets.
"That blond was sexy. Holden said she was married though. Guy was huge."
"Michael's a sweetheart. I licked his dick right beside Lisa."
Ryan smirks, "For somebody who doesn't want too much close contact you're sure getting in there."
She sets up straight and smiles vividly, "I know. I just got so turned on I couldn't help myself. I even tasted Michael's cum when I kissed Lisa."
"Nice!" Ryan nods, "Let's see how you do on my delivery."
"I can't wait."
"I know this guy. He graduated like five years ago. I remember him when my brother Kyle used to take me to Wrestling meets. This guys a bodybuilder too. "Duncan Packhouse." is his name. The dude's a legend. Holden's sister "Stacy" used to date him. He said she used to brag about this guys Python sized cock. Stacy used to tell people that steroids never shrunk the Dunk." He chuckles.
"Yikes!" Monica's eyes flare at the thought.
"I told Ron, our boss that I needed to stop by my house before coming back. That should give you an extra fifteen to twenty minutes to do your thing."
"Yay! More playtime for me." She dances in her seat.
Sniffing herself Monica unbuckled her seatbelt and crawled over her seat to reach her jean shorts. She checked her cell really fast then used a tiny perfume bottle to freshen up. All the while Ryan rubbed her ass that lingered next to his shoulder.
"Smart move. You smell like hot sauce."
She moves back to sit and buckle back up, "I know. Michael spread hot wing sauce on my nipples. I used a wet wipe Holden's mom left in her glove box. It didn't help a whole lot."
"Almost there. You can strip out of that bikini now." He insisted.
She lost both articles of clothing in less than a minute. In his back seat the bikini went. She now wore only her bobby socks and black buckled heels.
Reaching the address, Monica was wowed by the estate, "He must have money."
"His parents are big real estate people. Pretty sure they bought this for him."
Parking behind a number of cars in his circle drive Ryan jumped out and obtained his pizza warmers from the back seat. He the walked around his car as Monica stepped out to stretch dramatically.
"Here! You carry half." He hands her a warmer.
She held it in front of her and literally laid her bulging breasts right on top for a stunning view of melons.
"Game should be reaching halftime shortly. They was on the second quarter when we were at the parlor. I don't know who's here besides Duncan. This many cars I'd say seven or eight."
"More the merrier." She wiggles along the sidewalk beside him.
They didn't even have to ring a doorbell. The interior door opened up to reveal a tall thin man in his 20's. His jaw dropped instantly at Monica's poised tits. Before even opening the door he yelled out, "GUYS? YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS."
Monica bit her lip with anticipation. Ryan did his best bravado face. He was nervous regardless.
A herd of seven men raced upstairs, their footfalls were like thunder.
Duncan himself stepped beside the other man. Duncan was a freshly shaved bald man with a thin goatee on his chin. His height was like 6'3, 350 pounds of solid rock muscle in a tank top.
Ryan could hear Monica wheeze at the sight.
Opening the door Duncan steps out leaving the others inside to horde the storm door for a look.
"Aren't you Kyle Quinones' brother?" He grunts.
"Hey, you remembered me. Awesome."
"Yeah. Who's your friend?"
"I'm Monica. Here's your pizza." She swiftly encourages him to take it so that he could see her entire body.
Ryan swallows dryly then passes over his pizza's too. Duncan motioned the first man inside to take the pies. This left him to stand outside unencumbered.
"So, what's going on here? Not that I'm complaining." He sizes her up from head to toe. This made Monica twirl in step to see every inch of her.
She faces him and hops in step to makes her boobs dance, "I'm your halftime show."
Stunned Duncan puffs his lower lip, "No shit."
Ryan clears his throat, "She's an exhibitionist. I let her tag along for kicks."
Duncan shakes his head smirking, "Well alright! Want to come on in? Game's still going."
He opens his door as the minions scatter to let them enter. She is gallantly waved in by Duncan who lets her pass. He then cuts in front of Ryan to stand behind her. Ryan then follows them in.
The group of men are numb at seeing her mere inches from them. She slithered through them giggling and playfully waving.
"Game's downstairs. Show her the cave "Tyrell." " Duncan nods to his black friend, not quite as buff.
Tyrell was also a tall man, basketball player tall. Clean shaven and zero hair on top.
She skips down the steps and into a large basement room. To the far end was an '80 inch widescreen HD TV. The football game was active the whole time. It's plays distracted the group numerous times.
Once everyone was downstairs Duncan offered a role call of his friends, "That's my cousin "Rudy" with the pizza boxes. You know Tyrell who brought you down. That's his buddy "Jerome". Rudy's friend "Colby". And, my buddy "Mark"." He then takes a deep breath before getting to the point, "So! What's really up here?"
Monica grits her teeth before stepping over to squeeze Duncan's bicep with a glint of awe. She then jumps back biting her lower lip.
"They don't bite. Go for it." Duncan chuckles.
She shakes her head hesitantly. Not only was Duncan a foot taller or more but he looked devious.
Ryan clears his throat, "She's just intimidated."
Laughing at herself Monica nudges her body against Ryan while rolling her eyes, "No I'm not. He's only King Kong and I'm the girl in the palm of his hand."
Duncan grins from ear to ear, "Yup. Sound's intimidated."
Jerome and Tyrell step next to Duncan eying her. Monica wheezes, "Holy shit! Now I am."
Duncan frowns, "Okay, seriously. What's up?"
Monica lifts her hand with an extended index finger, "Question. Do you think I'm sexy?"
Before Duncan could provide an answer she heard a resounding "YES!" from all sides of her. The owner of the house shook his head, "There you have it."
"Yes. But, you didn't answer the question." She bats her eyes as she stepped directly up to him and jabs a finger at his pecs. Glaring back at her he puffs his bottom lip.
"Scale of 1 to 10? 20."
"So, room for improvement. " She moves closer to crush her tits into his abdomen. She hears him sigh then grip her upper arms to lift her tiny frame skyward so that her eyes were on the same level as his. In doing so she squeals and crushes her breasts together for an appealing sight.
"We're missing the game. Answer my question." He winces.
Trembling she whimpers, "I told you. I'm your halftime show."
Duncan pulls her closer until their brows meet. With intimidating eye contact he huffs, "Okay."
Roughly he throws her over his shoulder until he feels her tits mash against his shoulders and upper deltoids. Her shrill yelp made everyone laugh.
While holding her there a play was made in the Football game that made everyone follow it to the end. The entire play Duncan had his hand on her ass. His hands were massive. One hand alone covered her entire cheek and crept over to the other.
Looking back at Ryan her eyes were full of life. She loved this Ryan could tell.
Unhappy with the play Duncan hisses, "I hope the halftime show's better than this damned game." He then proceeded to stand her on top of a large oak coffee table between two sofas. His friends disappointed and taking seats.
"What you got for us?" Duncan steps back with his hands now clasped and eying her timid uncertainty.
"Music?"
"Nope!" He stares at her.
"Dancing is no fun without music. FINE! I'll improvise."
She hops down off of the table and steps toward "Rudy" sitting on the couch eating a slice of pizza. Letting him eat she moves next to him to "Jerome" Without even asking she crawls into his lap. Straddling him face to face she plants her hands on each of his arching deltoids.
"Hello." She playfully greets him with a wiggle across his crotch for comfort. He merely glares at her with a faint smile. Not even a "hello" in reply.
"Tough crowd." She grinds on his lap regardless in hopes he changes his tune. The swelling between her thighs offers a hint that she was getting his attention.
"At least somebody is saying Hello to me." She continues her ride while pointing down at his crotch devilishly. Leaning forward she palms he breasts rolling them about. After a frolicking massage she spreads her cleavage and smothers his face between them.
Suddenly Jerome growls, "I can't take this anymore." With a released laugh he motorboats her chest dramatically.
"About time!" Monica giggles and tilts her head back to enjoy his activity.
After a minute more she eases his face away and kisses him on the cheek. With her thanks she crawls away and into the lap of "Mark" a lank but defined redheaded man. Same position atop him as she had been with Jerome she grinds her sweltering pussy along the contour of his erection.
She wraps her arms around his neck leaning forward to barely whisper into his ear, "Do I feel good?"
He nods smirking and rolls his palms along her spine to her lower back then back up to the base of her skull. His elegant caress was extremely sensual to her nerves. With a wet kiss to his lips she departs.
Venturing to his left she reversed directions, her back laying against the largest of the two black men, "Tyrell". Easing back as if snuggling she allowed his massive hands to roam her full frontal pose. She seals her eyes and reaches her right arm back behind his scalp gently petting him. Tits are crushed and rotated about beneath his tightly gripping fingers. Her trembling body enjoys the attention. As do the eyes of those across from them eager to embrace their chances.
Her feet rise to perch on his kneecaps fanning wide to offer a glimpse of her pussy gaping widely with invite.
As she gravitates there longer, Duncan standing behind the opposite sofa glares at Ryan.
"She a stripper somewhere?"
"No. Just an exhibitionist like I said. I'm helping her get past her shyness."
"I don't see shy." The owner of the house creases a brow.
"It's not her nudity that she's shy about. It's what comes with it in cases like this. The touching and stuff. What traps her is she can't refuse a dare even if she's not into it."
Duncan puckers, "No shit! How much time you got Pizza Man?"
"Maybe twenty minutes. I have to get back soon." Ryan eyes his watch.
"Damn!" Duncan rubs his chin in thought.
Ryan ponders while watching her peer over at him with glistening eyes. He makes a snap decision.
"If you guys swear not to hurt her and if she's okay with it, I'll leave her here until the game is over."
Duncan offers a surprised expression, "My house. Nobody would do that to her. So, what? You dare her to stay here?"
"Yep. I'll dare her to do more but I can't guarantee what she will do when I'm not here to watch over her."
"Give me your cell number." Duncan adds, "If she wants to leave I'll call you."
Nodding they trade numbers.
Observing her actions Ryan waits another five minutes before deciding to enter the arena. She had graciously moved around to the other sofa. She now courted "Colby". Duncan's cousin "Rudy" had switched sofas feeling left out from before, sitting beside She and Colby.
Seeing his arrival Monica decided to reposition and stretch out over the two men. Face up she watched as they caressed and prodded her body. Ryan noticed that none of the men went near her pussy. Were they afraid to go too far? Was it because he was there? Maybe because the Football game had resumed?
Uncertain of motivations, Ryan sat down on the coffee table between the two men she lay over. He lovingly reached over and caressed her cheek to regain her attention.
"I have to get back." Ryan scowled.
She sighs with a glint of sadness. Ryan then stops her with his palm over her belly button.
"It's 8:15. I'm going to leave you here until 10:00."
Her eyes flare with a nervous excitement, which alters to dart her eyes around the room at each of the men. A certain amount of fear lingered within. That faded fast as her thoughts decided that if she couldn't do things without Ryan there she would never conquer her neediness to feel free.
"I can do that." She whispers as Rudy pinches her nipples.
"Alright then. I DARE you to get every guy here off before I get back." Ryan glances around at the men focusing on reaction. They all expressed shock at his dare.
"That okay with you guys?" Ryan posed the possibility.
A chorus of "Hell Yeah!" and "Damn Straight" echoed in reply.
Monica's expression showed signs of anxiety as Ryan returned his attention toward her.
"I DARE you to get off in front of them, too."
She nibbles her lower lip accompanying doe like eyes. Her reply is a nodded exhale, "I will."
Ryan poises his cell in front of her, "I have Duncan's number. He has mine. I'm going to text him 2 more DARE's to show you later. Let's discover if you can get past those limitations you say you can defeat."
She softly acknowledges his words as he rises to rejoin Duncan behind the couch. Her eyes trail his every move.
Facing away from her Ryan whispers something to Duncan making the man grin from ear to ear. With a pat on Ryan's shoulder Duncan sends the boy off. Ryan lets himself out.
Silence made Monica whimper gently until the television roared an unexpected play. Suddenly, she became unattended as all eyes were glued to the game. She sits up as the play creates a loud uproar amongst the men in the room. Crossing her arms feeling neglected she feels a sudden chill. Fear became less of an issue. She realized that the men were treating her sweetly overall.
Duncan spontaneously turned and reached down to claim her right wrist. Pulling her from her seat with a brisk roughness she collided into him. He then grabbed both of her wrists and held them behind her back.
Glaring down at her shivering form he sneers with a slim smirk on his face.
"Pants off you Pansies." He growls.
All around them the men stood up and unbuckled, dropping their trousers before sitting down to stroke their already existing erections. There was certainly no shyness in the crowd.
Duncan then lowers his gaze to look directly into her eyes, "Don't you have something to do?"
Quaking at his intensity she nods without blinking.
Twisting her in step he faces her toward the group while pulling her body backwards into his chest. His left hand encompasses her throat for an informed whisper to her ear.
"I wonder what the best way for everyone to get off at once is?"
Her eyes fluttered at the pressure around her throat. The sensation was like nothing her senses had known nor felt before. The thrill made her wetter than ever.
"What makes you think you can just waltz into my house like that and interrupt our game?" He growled.
"I didn't know you would get upset over it." She breathlessly released, "I just wanted to know if I could do this. Being naked among strangers."
Duncan huffs, "Nobody's upset. We just don't think it should be our job to get ourselves off. DO YOU?"
Her face turning red under his roughness she whimpers, "Ryan did dare me to get all of you off. He didn't specify how."
"Exactly." He studies her reaction, "I think you like how my hand feels around that pretty little neck. Don't you?"
"YES!" She erupts with a whimper.
Like a rag doll he walks her toward the sofa she had been sitting on. Standing over his friends he again lowers to mutter, "Those are some rock hard cocks down there. Don't you agree?"
"YES!" Monica sniffles lightly catching her breath.
"Don't you think you should replace their hands with yours?"
Her eyelids flutter as she considers her answer. Body shaking madly she lowers her own hand down to touch her clit. The electricity of the situation multiplying her own desires to increase.
"YES!"
Duncan realizes her decision to take advantage of the situation. Within his grip she was going to get herself off first. With a puffed lower lip toward his friends he lets her.
Her friction intensified by the men's growing attentiveness she moans loudly. Colby scoots forward and places two fingers up inside her as she stimulates her clit. It takes only three minutes for her to cum, accompanied by a shrill scream lightly muffled by Duncan's grip. A gusher coats Colby's palm. This was the most incredible orgasm she had ever had. It was a remarkable sight to see.
Duncan eyes his carpet distastefully, "You stained my carpet."
In her body's convulsive state her knees buckle under her. Duncan crouches with her to make her kneel in front of "Colby" and a now joining "Jerome". His grip still strong on her throat.
"I'm going to release you now. Get these bastards off."
As his fingers loosen Monica lunges toward Colby and Jerome. Her hands first wrap around Jerome's eight inch python. With both sets of fingers engulfing his girth she begins stroking it. Spit from her lips moistening it for lubrication. Not satisfied by it's assistance she releases one hand to dip up inside her pussy for her own juices to amplify the pleasure.
All around her the other men mumbled about her talents. As Jerome enjoyed his hand job the Football game ended badly. Bets waged were unwise.
As she worked Jerome she eyes Colby waiting impatiently. She removes one hand from Jerome and journeys over to replace Colby's own friction. Two hand jobs at once was another first for her.
Above them Duncan's cell pinged receiving a text.
Reading it Duncan tells Ryan that she had just gotten herself off and was now working on the others. Hand jobs.
Ryan from his car texts back, "I DARE her to let all of you titty fuck her."
With an impressed nod Duncan leans over his friends to show her the text. Her eyes trembled yet she immediately let go of Colby and hoisted herself forward to shroud Jerome's cock with her crushed breasts. She proceeded to coax Jerome with yearning eyes to thrust his hips upward between her mounds of voluptuous flesh. With each thrust his crown tapped her lowered chin.
Monica rejoiced inside at the sensations. After a moment more she moved over to Colby to get his sample of tenderness. Five minutes later she concluded that sofa with Rudy. He had busted a nut all over her knuckles. Tasting it with her tongue for effect she flared her eyes. The taste caught her off guard. Far better than she imagined. From one sofa to the next she resumed her hand jobs and titty fucking. Loved by all.
Duncan had captured her actions with his cell and texted them over to Ryan. Along with the words, "She liked Rudy's jizz."
In response Ryan replies back with his final Dare of two.
"I DARE her to lay back on your coffee table, legs wide, so that each of you can stick your dick inside her. No fucking. Just for the feeling of it."
With a whistle Duncan raised his cell, "You guys are going to love this one."
Before showing it to Monica he rounds the room letting all of his friends read it first. As he readies to show Monica, Ryan adds, "Penetration video."
With a favorable nod Duncan shows her the original message. Her jaw drops and she blushes, "Oh shit!"
Fanning herself dramatically to their laughter she slowly stands up and nervously flutters her hands. In her thoughts she rambles, "It's only once. It's only once. But six times. I can do this. Dammit Ryan."
With a loud sigh she sits down on the coffee table and gets comfy. Deep breath held she lays back on the edge of the table and separates her legs in the air.
"Just once." She re-enforce their intentions.
The group stands up to tower all around her without any confirmation of agreeability. They were all drooling at her inviting hole. This made her whimper nervously. Every dick there was huge. Her heart raced as Mark gripped her ankles and guided her legs even wider. In doing so her upper body was pinned don on the table by gravity.
"Damn Fellas. Look at her pussy breath. Wider. Narrower. Wider. Narrower. That's a thing of beauty." Mark rants.
He then closes the gap by lowering his hips to prepare for penetration. His crown toys between her labia and glides upward over her swollen clitoris. With each pass her eyes close and swiftly reopen. The sensations storming her ability to resist.
Faint whimpers expel from her lips as he carefully pushes his cock through the open doorway to her soul. She rolled her eyes back as his crown crossed over her g-spot. As soon as he entered her balls deep and stopped to hover above her she gasped, "FUCK! That felt good."
Mark's ego soared glaring up at Tyrell and Colby, then to Jerome and Rudy. Finally, over his shoulder at Duncan recording his penetration from behind.
"Sure you want me to only do this once?" Mark winks at Monica.
"Yes." She trembles almost hesitantly.
"Okay then." He grumbles and slowly pulls out. Her body tensing up upon his retreat.
Once fully out of her he taps his crown on her clit three times to hear a shrill whimper with each impact.
Ankles are passed off to Cousin Rudy who had nurtured his erection back to full strength after nutting earlier. He eyes her expression as his dick primes up to her hole awaiting entry. She had begun to offer glints of yearning. This made Rudy all the more ready.
A slow sensual penetration Rudy slowly enters as Duncan uses his cell to record its vanishing point. As Rudy hoisted himself over her he lowers his eyes to mere inches from hers.
"Your pussy feels freaking awesome." He exhales a whisper.
Her hands reach up to hold both sides of his face to tenderly reply, "Your dick feels awesome. Thank you."
Encouraged to evade by the others Rudy backs away.
Monica blows her bangs from her eyes as Colby moves in to line up his own head for entrance. A more forceful penetration Monica tightens up, her legs free at last to caress Colby's hips. He manages to lay on top of her and reach in to squeeze her breasts all at once. She warmly huffs into his ear, "Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!"
Colby chuckles and opts to kiss her throat. She arches her neck to give him room to enjoy himself.
Wanting to thrust again Colby backs out and starts to when Jerome pats his leg.
"Others here Bro."
Growling Colby peels himself off of her and makes way for Jerome. The muscular giant grips her ankles again and presses her legs back to make Monica strain to hold them behind her head. Her face turned beet red in the process. She had never had sex with a back man before. Goose bumps spread across her tanned flesh.
"Hold that pose, Girl." Jerome encouraged as he fed her pussy with a massive cock. His girth was thick and menacing.
"OOOOH! FUCCCCCCCCK!" She cringes with an echoed vibrato.
"Take it!" He comforts her.
After a lengthy settle he hisses and backs out slowly. Her pussy rippling pink flesh from within upon his departure. Duncan recorded every move.
Finally, Big boy Tyrell stepped up to plate. With a glare of intimidation he straddles her and dips his fingers up inside her pussy to produce drenched digits.
"Look how wet this pussy is." He showed them off.
As soon as his beefy cock entered her she reared forward to grasp his shirt with a haunted look in her eye. Tyrell was by far the biggest cock there. They chuckled at her reaction.
"Christ!" She whines looking up at him with a leading gaze.
"Not even all the way in Little girl." He prides himself.
She began to breath heavy as he entered deeper. Her hands reached up to hold his profile with a dramatic trembling gaze. Then, he filled her balls deep. Her mind detonated.
"SONUVABITCH!" She squealed clawing at his shoulders.
"Little girl likes my cock." Tyrell boasts.
Feverishly she nods and holds on for dear life. Her whimpers succulent and childlike.
"I don't think she wants you to pull out "Ty"." Duncan grins.
Tyrell eases her back down on the table and kisses her on the lips. She quakes as he gently withdraws his cock from within her. With a tempered yet shrill, "Nooooooooooo!" from her lips Tyrell chuckles then slams back up inside her a second time. Her shriek was heard around the room. With a traumatized look she tears up. The question was uneasy to answer. Was it due to his overstepping the set boundary? Or did she like it way too much?
Duncan captures her reaction and whistles for Tyrell to stop.
Nodding Tyrell creeps out in a web of her juices.
"She's in love. Look at her eyes." Tyrell chides.
Laying there numb and withdrawn Monica's senses were lost. It takes a gruff kick to his coffee table to regain her attention.
"Ready for me?" He narrows his eyes.
Stunned she swallows harshly, "Yes."
Duncan passes his cell off to Rudy to record him. He then slithers out of his own jeans. The reaction from everyone left them jealous. As his boxers fell Duncan stood with a monstrous ten inch cock dangling erect.
Monica's eyes bulge wide, "HOLY FUCK."
Shirt peeled over his head Duncan stood totally nude. His twitching body builder muscles intimidating her.
Gripping her left ankle he literally drags her around the coffee table for a roomier stance.
Over her thighs he dangles his beast.
"Ever seen a cock that big?" He smirks.
Her shaking head confirmed his answer.
Cracking his neck he glares at his cousin.
"Rudy? Record her taking every inch."
Monica wanted to run.
Not really.