Lucy was twenty-four and had never ridden a bike. "That's right Chuck, I can't ride a bike."
Chuck was Lucy's coworker, best friend, and sometimes lover. At the moment, they were lounging by the pool at the apartment complex they both lived in. "I thought everyone learned to ride as a child," Chuck said as he rolled his head to the left to look at his best friend.
Lucy shook her head. "I never did. I tried several times but never got the hang of it."
"You have good balance so what was the problem?"
Lucy sighed and shook her head again. "I would over think it."
"You do that with a lot of things," Chuck said with a grin.
Lucy stuck her tongue out at him and he laughed. "You even over thunk that the first few times."
A light blush cover Lucy's face and upper chest as she thought about the first time she had attempted to give Chuck a blowjob. It had been a comedy of errors on her part. She'd had no idea what she was doing. She had been overweight and extremely shy in her younger days. Even college had been all work and no dates.
"That was inexperience," she whispered softly.
"That was no experience," Chuck whispered in return and sat up. "There is a pair of old bikes in my mom and dad's garage."
"What?" Lucy said and then sat up also.
"I love to ride bikes," Chuck said and stood up.
"Well, I... uh..." Lucy started to say and then frowned. "Since I've never done it, I don't know whether I like it or not."
"There is only one way to learn. Get on that sucker and pedal, pedal, pedal."
Lucy looked up at Chuck, her eyes wide. "Are you taking about riding a bike or our sex life?"
"You're the one that fell in love with being on top once you tried it."
Lucy blushed again, only deeper this time as she looked around quickly to see if anyone was nearby. They were alone on this side of the pool. She glanced up at Chuck to see him grinning down at her. The blush felt even hotter as she groaned softly. Being on top had added a whole new dimension to intercourse. Chuck's dick deep inside her, his hands on her breasts, his eyes on her. That last was something that thrilled her somewhere deep inside.
Chuck turned and stepped over the lounge chair to stand right next to her. There was the start of a tent in the front of his shorts. Her eyes went there and then up to his face. He grinned again and whispered, "You being on top turns me on as much as it does you."
Lucy groaned softly and stood up. The lounge chair had her legs spread wide for a moment before she turned and swung her leg over to stand on the opposite side of the chair from Chuck. "It's not just the being on top," she whispered as she adjusted the front of her suit where her standing up pulled the material tight over her sex.
Chuck was smiling as he watched her adjust the one-piece suit. When she finished he said, "I know you like being looked at."
Lucy shivered and then sighed. "No one ever paid any attention to me until I lost all that weight."
"That's not true. I always paid attention to you."
Lucy chuckled. "Yeah but I'm not just talking about my breasts and ass."
Chuck laughed. "I looked at all of you but I guess I did kind of stare at certain areas more."
"Moving here was one of the best things that ever happened to me. Between you and the complex gym...."
"Exercise and sexercise can do wonders for people."
Lucy laughed. "At least I didn't fall off the exercise bikes."
Chuck nodded. "Which brings us back to the subject at hand, you learning to ride a bicycle."
Lucy took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I'm game if you are but make sure to bring a medical kit."
"I don't think we'll need it. I have an idea or two to keep your mind from over thinking," Chuck said with a wink.
"Uh..." Lucy started ask what he meant but he cut her off.
"Go put on that white v-neck sundress you look so good in and meet me in the parking lot."
"We're going to do it in the parking lot?" Lucy asked and then groaned as Chuck grinned broadly.
"Kinky but no, we're taking my truck to my mom and dad's house to get the bikes and then out to a park I know of with a good smooth winding road."
"So, you don't want any witnesses to me killing myself."
Chuck laughed. "Go change and meet me at my truck."
*****
On the ride over to Chuck's parent's house, he reached over and pulled the front of Lucy's dress away to look at her bra. "That would be a whole lot sexier without the bra."
Lucy shook her head and replied, "Not the way my breasts sag it wouldn't."
"That piece of elastic that runs around under your breasts wouldn't let them sag."
Lucy squirmed as she said, "And my nipples and dark auroras would shine right through the thin material."
"And look sexy as hell," Chuck shot back quickly.
Lucy groaned as she thought about people seeing her dressed like that. "I'd die of embarrassment."
Chuck grinned and glanced over at his best friend. "No you wouldn't. You'd get horny as hell and we both know it."
Lucy groaned softly again and nodded. "Then I would die."
Chuck laughed as he turned into the street where his parents lived.
*****
As they left the last red light in town behind, Lucy turned and looked at the two old bikes in the back of the truck. They were old single speed models. One had the center bar and one didn't. Chuck and his dad had checked them out, aired up the tires, and oiled the chains before they loaded them up.
"Those are bigger than the one I tried to learn on," Lucy said as she turned to face Chuck.
Chuck's eyes dropped to the expanse of bare thigh that was showing below Lucy's dress. She had her right foot on the floor and her left leg up on the seat, her knee pointed at his thigh. He was smiling as he looked up at her face. "My mom's bike doesn't have the bar so it'll be easier to get on and off of."
Lucy turned and looked back again. "Ok, if you say so," she said softly. Her mind was more on Chuck's eyes on her than the bikes. She liked to tease him on occasions and this seemed to be one of them.
Chuck leaned closer toward her and ran his fingernails lightly up and down along her inner thigh. Lucy shivered at the feathery touch and squirmed on the seat. She smiled at him as she placed her left forearm on the seat back and her right hand on the seat. She lifted herself up slightly and scooted closer to him. Her dress moved higher up on both her thighs.
"Nice," Chuck whispered, his eyes on her thigh again as his fingernails ran over her inner thigh. "I love it when you tease me."
"I... uh... kind of like it myself."
Chuck chuckled and rolled his eyes. "You're way beyond like at times."
Lucy felt herself blush but that didn't keep her from pulling her skirt up several inches higher. When Chuck looked back in her direction, there was a hint of white high up between her thighs. He licked his lips and looked back at the road with a grin on his face.
They rode in silence for a few miles until Chuck turned off on a side road running north. "There's not much traffic on this road now that the heat of summer is here."
Lucy looked at him out of the corner of her eye. "Are you hinting at something?"
"You can tease better if you put your mind to it," Chuck replied as his eyes went to her lap.
Lucy squirmed as she realized he meant for her to take off her panties. She whimpered softly and said, "I can't do that. What if we had a wreck or something?"
Chuck just grinned and continued to look at the road.
Lucy whimpered again and squirmed on the seat again. "I can't," she whispered more to herself than to him.
"It's easy. Want me to pull over and do it for you?"
The thought of her lifting her hips so Chuck could pull her panties off flashed through her mind. His eyes would be on her sex right out here in broad daylight. She groaned deeply, her sex tightening up, trying to grip something not there. "You're pushing buttons," she whispered.
Chuck laughed and nodded. "If I took those panties off, I'd have to lick a certain button while I was down there."
Lucy moaned at his words and the thought of him licking her on the side of the road. "I'd die," she whispered.
"Nope, just come like mad if I took three or four licks."
"Two... two would probably do it," she whispered and then blushed deeply at what she had admitted.
"So you're taking the panties off instead of me?"
"I... I... I..." Lucy stammered and then got out, "I've never been outside without panties or a bra for that matter."
"Then it's about time you did. Anyway, you're in this truck, not really outside, per say."
"I... uh..." Lucy said softly and then looked out the front window and then the back. She didn't remember seeing a car since they had been on this road. "It is kind of deserted."
"There's not much up this way but a small park and a few farms. There's no lake or anything at the park, just a few camping and picnic areas. You can show off as much as you want and only have an audience of one."
Lucy looked around again and then moaned softly as she realized she had lifted her ass an inch or so off the seat. She sat back down and looked at Chuck. "But there is a chance of someone else seeing."
"There is always that chance. That's one of the things that makes it thrilling."
Without letting herself think about it, Lucy moved her left foot to the floor, lifted her hips, and shoved her panties down to her knees. Her dress was now bunched up in her lap with her left legs showing almost to her waist. With a soft moan she let go of the panties and leaned back in the seat. Her eyes were fixed on the white material.
Chuck's attention was divided between the road and the panties. About the third time he looked at the panties, he whispered, "Kinky!"
Lucy giggled, which was something she had never done before that she remembered. Her left knee rocked from side to side stretching the material and then relaxing it. As her knee moved, she could feel the lips of her sex rub against each other. She made a soft whimpering sound and stopped moving her knee.
Chuck reached over and pulled the panties down below her knees. Lucy's eyes followed his hand until the panties fell out of sight. She could feel the cloth around her ankles as she looked over at him. "I... I... I..." she stammered and then groaned softly as she felt Chuck's hand on the inside of her knee.
She expected his hand to move up between her thighs but that didn't happen. Instead he pulled and lifted on her knee. She felt her panties hang on her sandal and wiggled her foot. The panties came loose and her knee ended up back on the seat pointed at Chuck's thigh.
Lucy glanced down quickly. Her sex was still covered by her bunched up dress. She shivered and then wondered what she would have done if her sex had been uncovered. Any answer was put off as Chuck hit the brakes hard and slowed to turn into a driveway at an old farmhouse.
When he stopped and then started to back up, Lucy looked at him funny. He grinned as he got the truck out onto the highway and started back the way they had come. "I missed my turnoff," he said as he glanced at the dress in her lap. "I was distracted."
"Uh... ok.... I thought there had been a change in plans."
"Not yet," Chuck replied with a grin as he started to slow the truck again. He turned into a narrow road with a sign that said Willows County Park.
The road was straight for a ways and then angled to the right to open out into a parking lot with covered pavilions around the edges. There wasn't a car in the lot. Chuck drove across the parking lot and took an even narrower road at the back. The road had a one-way sign at the entrance.
"This goes in a circle by the campsites," Chuck told her.
The road was winding as it went through the woods. They passed a dozen campsites. All of them were empty. When they returned to the parking lot, Chuck pulled to a stop in the shade of a big tree next to the entrance to the narrow road.
He left the truck running but put it in park. He turned slightly to Lucy and ran his eyes up and down her body. "Now for the second part of my plan for you to learn to ride a bike."
"And that is?" Lucy asked but had a good idea what it was as his eyes were on her breasts.
Chuck's eyes came up to look into Lucy's as he said, "That bra has to go."
"But... but... but..." Lucy stammered as she looked around the wide-open parking lot.
"There's no one here but us and we can see someone coming from a long ways off."
Lucy leaned forward and looked past Chuck at the road leading in. She could see all the way to the bend. Looking at Chuck, she asked, "How is me not wearing a bra going to make it easier for me to ride a bike?"
"It's very simple. With no bra or panties on, you'll be more worried about someone seeing you than over thinking riding a bike. All that time on exercise bikes will kick in and off you'll go."
Lucy's eyes got wide at the thought of her panties being off. She groaned softly and rocked from side to side as the idea of being outside without her bra or panties kicked in. Then the thought of riding that crooked road without them crossed her mind and she groaned even louder.
"What if... uh... someone comes in to go camping?"
"Unless they have a motor home with air conditioning and a generator, there's not much chance in this heat."
"But... but... but..." Lucy sputtered and then groaned softly as she rocked harder. Her clit was tingling where it rubbed against the folds of her inner lips.
Chuck reached out to put his hand on her shoulder to stop her rocking. "You're going to come sitting right there if you're not careful."
Lucy giggled loudly and put her hands over her mouth. She lowered her hands and took a deep breath. "Better here than trying to ride that bicycle."
Chuck grinned and nodded. "Uh... yeah. I see your point."
Still grinning, Chuck turned off the truck and got out. He walked around the front of the truck and opened the passenger door. "Slide over here," he said.
"Uh... what are you up too now?" Lucy asked in a soft whisper.
"Come over here and find out," Chuck replied in a like voice.
Lucy shivered and moved her left foot to the floor. She remembered her panties and leaned over to take them off her right foot. As she straightened with the panties in her hand, Chuck reached out and took them from her. Her pressed the balled up cloth to his nose and took a deep breath. He licked his lips with an exaggerated motion as he lowered them.
"You smell delicious," he whispered.
Lucy groaned as she shook her head sharply. "You can't.... Uh.... You... uh..." she said and then groaned even deeper as he licked his lips again.
"Better here than on the bike," he whispered a moment later.
Lucy groaned and moved over closer to the door. "You... uh... out here, in the daylight, I... uh... wouldn't last long enough for you to touch me."
"I kind of figured as much," Chuck said as he reached out and turned her on the seat to face him. Sliding over and turning had her skirt mostly at her left hip but her sex was hidden from his eyes.
When Chuck looked down at her lap, Lucy did the same. Her breathing missed a beat. She wasn't sure if it was relief that she was covered or disappointment. She moved her feet from side to side and then hooked the heels of her sandals on the sill of the door. Her knees were six inches apart but her sex seemed to be covered.
Lucy looked up at Chuck's smiling face quickly. "If I squatted down, your sex would be right in front of my face," he whispered.
When Lucy gave out with a little gasp, he reached up and slipped the shoulder straps of her dress off her shoulders and pulled the front down below her bra. "Shall I or do you want to take it off?"
"I... I... I..." Lucy said quickly as she turned at the waist and looked toward the entrance road.
With a quick grin, Chuck reached out with his right hand and popped the hooks loose on the back of the bra. Lucy gasped loudly and grabbed the front of her bra as it loosened up over her breasts. She held it in place as she turned back toward Chuck.
"I... I... I..." she said again and then groaned as Chuck reached up and pulled the bra straps off her shoulders.
"I'm watching the road," he said reassuringly as he slowly started to squat down, his hands going to the hem of her dress.
Lucy's mouth worked but nothing came out as she watched Chuck slide the hem up and up and then above her sex. The dark hair was trimmed short and neatly so it didn't show around the edges of her bathing suit.
When Chuck put a hand on each knee and pushed outward, she didn't resist. As her knees went wider and wider, she groaned long and loud as she pulled the bra off and lay back on the seat. All thoughts of the road in or other people vanished as his slick tongue glided along her inner thigh toward her sex.
The thought that he was looking directly at her pussy in broad daylight in the middle of a public park and was about to lick her there, made her lift her hips off the seat. Her legs and hips were shaking she realized but that was washed away as his tongue touched her slit and moved to roll and flick her clit.
The orgasm was sharp and sweet and rolled on and on as Chuck continued to roll her clit around. The few times that she had allowed him to lick her pussy had always been in a dark bedroom. The orgasms had been quick with a sharp yell from her followed by her pushing his head away very soon after. This time she was flexing her hips and totally silent.
Chuck looked up along her body to see she had a breast in each hand massaging and squeezing them. Her body was arched up with only her shoulders on the seat. He was smiling as he lowered his head and ran his tongue around the opening to her sex. It was sweet and very, very wet. He plunged his tongue inside as deep as it would go.
Lucy let out a soft yell and flexed her hips up and down faster, fucking herself on his tongue.
*****
Lucy sighed and opened her eyes. She was still lying on the seat with her legs spread wide. Her hands were covering her breasts and her dress was pulled down to cover her sex. Her mind was still wrapped in a pink fog from all the chemicals floating around in her brain. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
"So you did live after that monster," she heard Chuck say from somewhere outside the truck.
"I'm... not... sure... yet," she said between deep breaths.
The deep breaths seemed to clear her head some and eased her heavy breathing. Slowly she sat up and looked around. The parking lot was still empty and Chuck was standing a short ways away next to the two bikes.
As she pulled the straps on her dress up and got her breasts settled in the front, she looked around for her bra and panties. She didn't see either of them. "Where are my bra and panties?"
Chuck grinned and replied, "I put them in a safe place."
Lucy moved forward on the seat and stepped out of the truck. She held onto the door for a moment. Her legs were wobbly. She took a moment more to straighten the front of her dress. She looked down to see the dark circles under her nipples clearly visible through the thin cloth. Her nipples made tents in the material.
With a shiver, Lucy looked toward the entrance road. What would she do if someone came into the park? She looked at the front seat of the truck as a half smile crossed her lips at the thought of diving inside and hiding.
"Are you ready?" Chuck asked.
"Uh... not really," Lucy replied.
"We'll push the bikes up the road to the first bend and then we can begin your riding lessons."
Lucy turned to get back in the truck and then took a long deep breath and let it out slowly. Her mind wasn't on riding the bike, it was on the monster of an orgasm she'd had on the seat of the truck. It had been like none other. The why of it was easy. Being outside, the bright sunny day, the possibility of someone seeing her naked. It had all added up.
Without letting herself think about it, she took a step back and shut the door. With a soft moan, she turned and walked over to the bike next to Chuck. "I might lose my nerve," she whispered as she used her foot to raise the kickstand.
"There is always the woods to hide in," Chuck said with a grin.
Lucy took a deep breath and looked toward the entrance road. "Lead and I'll follow."
"It would be more fun for me if you led the way," Chuck said as his eyes ran up and down her body.
"Maybe I should insist on you stripping down for these lessons," Lucy said with a big grin.
Chuck laughed and leaned the bike against his hip as he whipped his t-shirt off over his head. "Be careful what you wish for," he said softly as he tied the shirt around the handlebars.
Lucy groaned softly and took a step or two forward. She was beside him. "Maybe we should walk side by side."
Chuck grinned and whispered, "Chicken."
*****
As they walked along the road it was shady but still hot. Lucy could feel sweat beads under her breasts. She could also feel the slipperiness between her upper thighs. She had only felt that after sex when Chuck had come deep inside her. Now she was that wet all by herself.
Lucy looked over her should every few steps until they were around the first turn. She stopped and looked at Chuck. "How will we, uh, know when someone is coming now?"
Chuck smiled and replied, "We should be able to hear them."
"What... what if we don't?"
"Then some lucky people are going to see a beautiful young woman in a thin sundress riding her bike along a road in a park."
"But... but... but..." Lucy said and then groaned loudly as her hips gave a little jerk or two.
Chuck looked at her hard, his eyes wide. "Uh... did you just come again?"
"I... uh. I don't think so but...."
Chuck shook his head and smiled. "Do you know what an exhibitionist is?"
"Uh...." Lucy said and then her mouth dropped open. She shut it quickly and shook her head. "Uh, no. I mean I know the word but I'm not."
"Ya could have fooled me," Chuck said with a grin.
Lucy's left hand came up and caressed her right breast through the thin cloth of her dress. "This no bra and panties thing is new to me, remember."
Chuck put the kickstand down on his bike and shoved his shorts down to his upper thighs. His hard dick sprang up and slapped his lower belly. "It has no effect on me as you can clearly see."
Lucy groaned loudly as her hips jerked several times as she realized the effect she was having on her best friend. "You've, uh, seen me naked, so...."
"Yeah but not outside and in bright sunshine. We're usually in a darkened room. I can see you so much better even with that dress on and you're sexy as hell. Not to mention, I know you're naked under it, which adds even more to it for me."
"So I guess that makes you a voyeur," Lucy whispered with a smile playing at the corners of her lips.
Chuck looked thoughtful for a moment and then nodded. "I guess the one goes hand in hand with the other."
Lucy nodded and stepped through the opening of her bike. "Ok, what do I need to know about this thing?"
"I changed out the old rear brake for hand brakes. That lever on the right handlebar is the front brake and the one on the left is the rear brake. Squeeze them evenly to stop smoothly. Other than that, you push the pedals and the bike goes forward. Stop pedaling and it coasts."
"Just like the exercise bike except for the brakes and balancing," Lucy said with a crooked grin.
"Don't forget you have to steer."
"Oh goodie, something else to think about," Lucy said with a quiver in her voice.
"Don't think, just do."
Lucy pushed the bike forward until the right pedal was just past the top. Chuck had adjusted the seat to fit her at his dad's house so she came up on her toes and sat on the seat. The narrow seat pushed her dress up against her sex tightly. It felt different than before.
"Now put your weight on the right pedal and bring your left foot up as you start to go forward. Then push with the left foot. It'll be like the exercise bike pretty much after that."
"Yeah, right," Lucy whispered as she put her weight on the right pedal. Her ass came up off the seat slightly and then she was moving forward. She got her left foot on that pedal as it reached the top. The bike wobbled slightly and then straightened as she pushed the left pedal down.
Her feet moved just like she was riding one of the exercise bikes at the gym, her body staying centered, and she was moving along nicely. She laughed as she turned the handlebars slightly as she came to a curve. The bike went around it nicely.
The wind cooled her body and she had a broad smile on her face. She saw Chuck on his bike next to her out of the corner of her eye and grinned at him. "Easy as pie," he said with a grin of his own, his eyes on her lap.
Lucy glanced down and gasped loudly, the wind had her dress blown up above sex. There was another curve coming up so she didn't dare take her hands off the handlebars. She whimpered softly as she went around the curve. She was still pedaling at what she considered a moderate rate so the bike was holding a steady speed.
As the bike straightened on the next straight section, she reached down with her right hand to pull her dress down. It came down but as soon as she let go of it, it flew back up exposing her sex. She groaned deeply as she put her hand back on the handlebar.
Looking down at her lap showed her a second problem. Moving her arm and hand the way she was sitting on the bike had allowed the shoulder strap of her dress to fall down on her arm. Now her right breast was half exposed and she was showing more cleavage than she had earlier.
She glanced at Chuck. He was grinning at her. His eyes swept up and down her body and then he winked. "Sexy, sexy as hell," he said to her.
Lucy groaned and let go of the left handlebar to fix the strap. She got the right on up on her shoulder but now the left one was down even farther than the right one had been. Another curve was coming up. After the curve, Lucy used her right hand to replace the left strap hoping the right would stay in place. It didn't.
She groaned and considered stopping to fix her dress and the straps. Then she felt something on her left shoulder and looked around to see Chuck's hand pulling the left strap off her shoulder. She gasped loudly as the front of the dress exposed most of her breasts. It barely covered her dark auroras and nipples.
"Chuck! Behave!!" she said sharply and then laughed. He couldn't behave and she knew it. It was just in his nature to tease her.
"You're doing wonderful and look beautiful riding that bike," he said with a big grin.
Lucy shook her head. "I've been too busy with being naked to worry about the bike."
"I love it when a plan works," Chuck said and then grinned at her. "And you're not naked, you still have your dress on."
"From what's showing, I might as well be naked."
Chuck laughed and winked at her. "That'll be for the next lap around the park."
Lucy's eyes grew wide. "Oh hell no!"
Chuck laughed, stood up, and pedaled faster. "I will if you will," he said as he pulled ahead a few bike lengths.
Lucy gasped as he went by. His shorts were pulled down in the front and hooked under his balls. His hard dick was sticking up against his lower belly and moving from side to side as his legs moved up and down. A moment later, she groaned softly as she shifted on the narrow bike seat and felt how wet her sex was. The material of her dress was soaked under her.
Pedaling faster, Lucy caught up with Chuck as he had sat down and slowed down. Pedaling faster made her hips rock further and the seat rubbed her sex more. Her breasts also swayed from side to side rubbing her nipples against the thin cloth of her top. She whimpered softly.
Chuck grinned at her. "This is much more fun than riding a stationary bike at the gym."
Lucy's eyes darted to Chuck's exposed dick and she licked her lips. She didn't have much experience at suck a dick and it wasn't near the top of her list in things to do sexually but.... She shivered and looked ahead. She was very tempted to stop and.... She shivered again, only this time at the thought of his dick in her mouth out here in the open and in the bright daylight.
The straight sections were short in this area. They made three curves and then came out onto a longer straight section. As they rode along, Lucy kept glancing at Chuck and his exposed dick. With the thoughts of making love to Chuck out in the open and the slippery cool feel of the cloth under her sex, she wasn't paying a lot of attention to what was ahead.
Suddenly it dawned on Lucy that the wide-open parking lot for the park was directly ahead. Lucy stopped pedaling but the road was slightly down hill here and she kept rolling toward the open area. "Chuck!" she said sharply as she squeezed both brakes, slowing rapidly.
"There's no one here," he reassured her.
"How... how do you know that?" Lucy asked as she came to a stop and pulled her skirt down and her top up.
"I've been listening for the sounds of a car and I've been watching the entrance since we rounded that last curve." Chuck replied as he continued to ride out into the opening and turned left to pedal over to the truck.
Lucy watched him and shivered hard at the thought of someone else being in the parking lot. She walked the bike forward until she could see the truck and the rest of the parking area. She took a shivery breath. She wasn't sure if she was relived or disappointed that there was no one there. That thought confused her.
She watched as Chuck stopped beside the passenger side of the truck and parked his bike. He took a couple of steps over to the bed of the truck and leaned over. When he straightened, he had a bottle of water in each hand. He turned toward her and held one out in her direction. His dick was still sticking straight up.
With a soft groan, Lucy started to push the bike in his direction, her eyes on his manhood. She couldn't understand how he could be so casual about standing there like that. Then it dawned on her, he was behind the truck from the entrance. He was out of sight the way she had been when he licked her.
A big grin came to her face as she pushed the bike faster.
*****
The water was cold in her mouth and throat as Lucy swallowed several times. She lowered the bottle and smiled at her best friend. "You waving that thing of yours around has got me to thinking," she whispered softly.
"Dick," Chuck said as he wiggled his hips. "It's a dick not a thing."
Lucy blushed and looked at his dick as it swayed back and forth. She groaned softly and nodded her head. "You... you know I have a problem with talking dirty. I can think things but saying them embarrasses me."
Chuckle grinned at her and winked. "One day I'll have you completely out of that shell you were raised in."
Lucy looked up at his face and then back down at his dick, a shiver running up and down her spine. "I don't think you know how much of that shell you've already shattered."
Chuck nodded. "Quite a bit of it."
Lucy took several sips of her water and then nodded. "I've never even considered sucking a dick out in public or even in daylight," she whispered softly.
Chuck's eyebrows went up. "And now you are?"
Lucy nodded slowly. "Yeah, I am and I have been ever since you stood up and rode past me earlier."
Chuck grinned. "You won't get an argument out of me."
Lucy blushed at what she had admitted and then shivered. "I know the truck would block anyone's view as they came in but this is way too exposed."
Chuck took a big swallow of his water and swished it around in his mouth. After he swallowed, he smiled and said, "Maybe after another lap or two around the campgrounds we can find a more secluded spot."
Lucy nodded and drained the rest of the water in her bottle.
*****
They pushed their bikes around the first curve in the campground road and stopped. Chuck put the kickstand down on his bike and grinned at Lucy as he took his shorts off. She groaned softly. He tied the shorts around the handlebars and looked at her. "Your turn."
Lucy groaned again and shook her head. "I... I can't."
"Ok." Chuck replied and threw his leg over his bike. He sat on the seat and looked at Lucy. She stood next to her bike without moving. Chuck gave her a questioning look.
Lucy groaned again and step through the opening. She stood that way for a minute and then reached up to pull the shoulder strap down off her right shoulder. A moment later, she pulled the left strap down off her shoulder. Her eyes had been on Chuck's the whole time. She looked down and took her arms out of the straps and pushed the top down until her breasts were completely uncovered.
"Beautiful, just beautiful," Chuck said, his eyes on her bare breasts.
Lucy moaned loudly and put her foot on the right pedal. She gave a couple of little hops of her left foot to get the right pedal positioned, her breasts bouncing slightly and swaying as she did. She heard a soft moan from Chuck and grinned as she rose up on her right foot and headed off down the road.
She was halfway to the first turn when Chuck caught up with her. "How does it feel?" He asked quickly.
Lucy giggled. "The wind tickles in one way and feels so sensuous in another."
"It looks sexy as hell as they sway back and forth a little with each movement of your legs. Your nipples look harder than I've ever seen them."
They were in the curve but as soon as they got onto the straight, Lucy took her right hand off the handlebar and caressed her left breast. Her nipple tingled as her palm ran over it. The nipple felt so big and hard and sensitive. She moaned softly and put her hand back on the handlebar.
Chuck grinned and said, "I think you like riding topless."
Lucy nodded quickly. "I... I... feel like I could come at any second." Then she blushed deeply at what she had said.
"Want to stop and get some relief?"
Lucy's head jerked around in his direction so fast that her bike swerved. She got it under control quickly and shook her head as she looked back at Chuck. "I... uh... can wait."
Chuck grinned at her and nodded. "So can I."
Lucy's eyes darted to his hard dick as a shiver ran up and down her spine. Thoughts of suck his dick while he ate her pussy ran rampant through her brain. She moaned and looked at the road ahead.
She heard Chuck chuckle next to her and blushed. A moment later, she grinned and pedaled harder. The cloth under her sex was squishy wet. Her hips rocked and the seat slipped deeper between her outer lips, cloth and all. Her legs slowed as a shiver ran down her spine. She never had felt anything like this on an exercise bike.
They coasted around the next curve and then the one after in silence. Chuck looking her way from time to time made Lucy grin and keep on grinning. The straight sections were getting shorter.
"How many more turns until we reach that straight section leading to the parking lot," Lucy asked.
"Two more, I think." Chuck replied. "I've been distracted by the half naked lady next to me."
Lucy giggled and looked over at Chuck. He was sitting up straighter with one hand on the handlebars. His dick was standing up against his lower belly. "Says the completely naked man next to her."
Chuck laughed and stood up on the pedals, his dick even more proximately displayed. He wiggled his hips and his dick swayed. "I wonder what the reaction will be when I ride into that parking lot this way?"
"You... you won't dare," Lucy said quickly.
Chuck grinned and sat back down. "Want to bet on it?"
Lucy gave him a shocked look.
"If I stop and put my shorts on, you can put your top up. If I ride on out and to the truck, you have to follow just like you are."
Lucy groaned loudly at the thought of riding to the truck in the wide-open parking lot with the top of her dress down. A few seconds later, she whimpered and shook her head. "I.... I... I can't do that."
"I haven't heard a car since we've been on this road."
Lucy shivered and glanced his way. "You've been distracted."
"My eyeballs have been, not my ears," he said with a grin.
They rolled around the next curve and Lucy stopped pedaling. She was coasting toward the open parking lot and picking up speed slowly. "I... I... I..." she stammered.
Chuck rode along side of her and slowly pulled ahead. He was twenty feet ahead when he reached the point of turning right to the truck. He kept right on going out of her sight.
Lucy groaned long and loud but didn't hit the brakes. Her eyes were very wide as the road opened out and she turned right. Her eyes swept the parking lot as much as she dared. It seemed empty. Before she knew it, she was braking to a stop behind the truck.
"That wasn't hard, now was it?" Chuck asked with a grin.
Lucy whimpered as she looked around the open area and studied the road coming in. They were completely alone. She got off the bike and put the kickstand down. With a deep groan, she turned and leaned on the side of the truck. Her sex was clenching up tightly and then relaxing to a rhythm of its own.
Chuck tapped her on the arm and her eyes flew open. When had she closed them, she wondered and then noticed the water bottle Chuck held out in front of her. "Tha... Thank you," she whispered and then groaned softly.
"Were you coming or just very, very turned on?" Chuck asked softly.
"The latter, I think," she replied with a breathy catch in her voice. She took the water bottle, opened it, and downed half of it in one long swallow.
"You needed that," Chuck said with a chuckle.
"More than you know." Lucy replied.
"From the wet spot in the back of your dress and the shiny looks of the seat on your bike, you were doing more than sweating."
Lucy groaned and turned away from her friend to hide her embarrassment. Two things crossed her mind quickly. One, the wet spot was now toward Chuck and two, her bare breasts were higher than the bed on the truck. She spun back around and folded her arms across her breasts.
Chuck grinned sheepishly. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you."
With a nod, Lucy moved past him and leaned on the door of the truck. There might be only glass at the height of her breasts but she felt far safer. She raised the water bottle and drained it. A moment later, she giggled and then she was laughing uncontrollably.
Chuck stood transfixed. He had never seen his friend laugh so hard. She had her head back against the truck, her breasts thrust up and out. Suddenly she bent at the waist and placed her hands on her thighs, the laughter cutting off sharply.
"Uh.... Are you alright?" Chuck asked with concern in his voice.
Lucy nodded as she straightened up. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. She sighed and then looked at her friend. "I can be so silly at times."
"Silly?" Chuck asked with confusion evident in his voice.
"Here I am riding around mostly naked with you watching me. You're riding around either with your dick standing up for the world to see or completely naked and I'm embarrassed about you seeing a wet spot on the back of my dress."
"No, you're embarrassed because I pointed it out."
Lucy sighed. "It's just plain silly."
Chuck moved over in front of her and gathered her into his arms for a hug. She sighed and hugged him back. "Actually, it's quite cute and endearing. Not to mention, it turns me on to know how turned on you are."
Lucy shivered and then nodded. "Your hard dick does the same thing for me."
Chuck gave her a squeeze and then just held her tightly. Lucy held onto him just as tightly.
They stood that way for several minutes and then Lucy loosened her grip and sighed. Chuck released his hug and stepped back to grin down at her. "So are you ready for another lap?"
Lucy leaned back against the truck as her hands came up to squeezed and caress her breasts. His eyes followed her hands, which made Lucy whimper. "I love you looking at me this way," she whispered a moment later.
"I love looking at you this way."
Lucy shivered and lowered her hands. Chuck leaned forward and planted a kiss on her right nipple and then planted one on her left nipple. Lucy moaned softly at both kisses.
Chuck took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "I think I'll save what else I want to do to those for later."
Lucy giggled. "How will you lick and suck those while I give you the blowjob that was to be saved for later also."
Chuck grinned. "An interesting question that will take a lot of research to answer."
Lucy blushed and whispered, "A lot of research sounds like fun." The next thing she knew, she was back in Chuck's arms and they were kissing passionately.
Chuck's hands roamed her back and then down to her butt. Lucy squirmed and rubbed her breasts against his chest. She whimpered and moaned as a finger traced the cleft of her ass. The finger moved deeper between her rear cheeks. It tickled her anus and then moved up and down easily.
Lucy shivered as she wondered how much of the moister between her cheeks was sweat and how much natural lube. Kissing Chuck out here in the open in broad daylight, nude to the waist had her head spinning. The finger just added to the excitement. She flexed her hips as the finger teased her anus again. The slippery finger pierced her asshole.
With a jerk, her hips moved forward and she froze solid. Chuck's hot member was pressed to her lower belly and mound. They were skin-to-skin, part of her mind yelled. Where was her dress? Another part of her mind asked. The fingertip teased her anus and she moaned loudly into Chuck's mouth.
The finger probed her ass gently as her hips fluttered and quivered. The kiss, the openness, the daylight, being nude with a finger in her asshole and a hot dick against her belly had Lucy on serious overload. Her legs were shaking; she was on the ragged edge of an orgasm. "No!" her mind yelled but her body wasn't listening.
One moment, Chuck was kiss his best friend and teasing her asshole and the next she was jerking and shaking as she made deep moaning sounds in his mouth. A few seconds later, it dawned on him that she was coming. His mind froze, as did his body. This was totally out of his realm of experience. What now? He wasn't sure.
Then there was an even bigger problem. A truck was slowly coming in the entrance road. His first thought was to get Lucy in the truck. Uh... was the door locked? Where were his keys? Where were his shorts? Lucy was pretty much quivering dead weight with a finger in her ass and her dress pooled on the ground around her feet.
The truck reached the parking lot and then made a u-turn and headed back out the road. Chuck groaned softly as it made the turn and then sighed as it went back the way it had come. The truck had actually been a white SUV with yellow and brown strips down the side and Willow County Sheriff's Department written below them.
"That was close," Chuck whispered under his breath. That jerked his mind back to Lucy. He had been kissing her. Now her head was on his shoulder.
Lucy sighed as she rubbed her belly back and forth over his dick. His finger followed along in the crack of her ass. Her asshole had a death grip on it. Lucy mumbled what sounded like the question, "Did you nearly come?"
"Uh... no dear, I'm fine." Chuck replied as he wondered if he should tell her about the Sheriff's SUV. "How are you doing?"
She sighed deeply and nodded her head against his shoulder. "I'm... I'm wonderful. A little shaky in the knees but.... Uh, speaking of butts, you have a finger in mine."
"Uh... yes, I do. Maybe I should take it out."
Lucy giggled. "I keep feeling my ass grabbing a hold of it."
"I feel that too."
Lucy shivered hard and asked, "Where did my dress go?"
"I... uh... kind of pushed it down while we were kissing," Chuck explained.
Lucy shivered even harder, her ass moving back and then forward. "Outside naked," she whispered. "With a finger in my ass." She lifted her head and looked into Chuck's eyes. "I... I came."
Chuck smiled and nodded. "Yeah, you did, big time."
Lucy blushed lightly and dropped her eyes. Chuck kissed her on the forehead. "And I hope it is the first in a very long line of times that you do."
With a giggle, Lucy looked up at him. "I'm surprised I'm not laid out on the ground."
"I think it was the finger," Chuck said. "You would start to sag and the finger would go deeper in your ass and then you would straighten up quickly only to sag again."
Lucy moaned softly as she wiggled her hips and flexed her knees. The finger moved in her ass and then went deeper, only to come back out a little as she straightened her knees. Lucy shivered and hugged Chuck tightly as she laid her head back against his shoulder. "I... I... I knew I was sensitive back there but...."
Chuck gave a little chuckle. "Remember when I tried to lick you back there?"
Lucy moaned softly and shivered. "I didn't let you."
Live and learn," Chuck whispered as he moved the finger out and then back in.
Lucy shivered hard as the finger moved and then whimpered. "I'll end up on the ground dead if you keep doing that."
Chuck laughed and slowly eased his finger out of her ass. "I don't think so but...."
Lucy giggled as she stepped back and leaned against the door of the truck. Her gaze went to his dick and then on down to her dress. Her eyes returned to his dick. "Would you come if I sucked on it?"
"Uh... probably." Chuck replied with lifted eyebrows. "It's kind of sensitive with you doing what you did and rubbing on it."
Lucy put her hands on his hips and slowly squatted down. Her knees were spread wide by his calves and the head of his dick was right in front of her face. Her knees being open like they were made her whimper. Her tongue shot out and flicked against the head of his dick. Chuck gave a little jerk and then groaned as she gave his shaft a lick from the base to the head.
The head of his dick looked slick and shiny. She had never noticed that before. Did he get wet like she did? It made sense that he would. With her hands still on his hips, she leaned forward and sucked the head into her mouth. Chuck's loud moan made her look up. He moaned again looking into her eyes. Him looking at her with his dick in her mouth made Lucy moan.
The head of his dick had a spicier flavor than she remembered and it got stronger as she ran her tongue over and around the spongy head. Her eyes never left Chuck's the whole time she sucked his dick, which wasn't long. His orgasm snuck up on both of them. He didn't even have time to warn her before he was coming long and hard.
Lucy felt the shaft between her lips swell up slightly and then a jet hit the roof of her mouth. She sucked harder and swirled her tongue around the head of his dick. The second jet hit her tongue as well as the roof of her mouth. That's when it dawned on her what was going on.
With a loud groaning moan, she sucked half his shaft into her mouth and bobbed her head as her tongue went wild. Somewhere about then she realized she was coming right along with him and that she had swallowed. The second part made her come even harder.
*****
Lucy opened her eyes and saw Chuck looking down at her with a wide grin on his face. She tried to grin back at him but his dick was still in her mouth. She lifted her head until the head popped out of her mouth. It bounced against her chin and then went out of sight. She looked down at it. For the first time since their first lap around the park it wasn't pointing straight up.
She look up at Chuck and grinned. "I think I took the stuffing out of it."
Chuck nodded. "And swallowed it all."
Lucy felt herself blush. She had pondered that question several times with no real answer. "Yeah, I did." She replied and then licked her lips.
Chuck took a half step back and looked down between her thighs. "Maybe it went straight through."
Lucy got a confused look and then looked down. There were several small wet spots on the pavement below her sex. "I... I... I..." she stammered and then groaned. "I came when you did," she admitted with a blush.
Chuck held his hands down to help her to her feet. As she stood up, he stepped forward and took her in his arms. The kiss was soft and sweet. Lucy whimpered and then sighed as he broke the kiss. "Today a lot of things have changed."
Lucy grinned. "Tell me about it."
"So... are you ready for another lap around the campgrounds?"
Lucy shivered as he stepped away from her. With his arms around her she hadn't felt so exposed. She looked over her shoulder at the entrance road. She hadn't even thought about it for a while now. She leaned back on the door and sighed.
Chuck handed her a water bottle. She took it and downed half the content in one long pull. She sighed and recapped the bottle. With a smile, she handed the bottle back to him. He returned her smile, opened the bottle, and drained it. He crushed the bottle, put the cap on it, and tossed it in the back of the truck.
Still smiling, he walked over to his bike and untied the t-shirt and shorts. He hung them on the rearview mirror on the side of the truck. Lucy watched him and then shivered as she squatted down and retrieved her dress. She turned and looked at the entrance road. With a soft groan, she turned and hung the dress over his clothes.
"We can ride from here this time," she said with a grin.
Lucy shivered hard and nodded. "I'm... game if you are."
"Oh yeah, things have definitely changed," he whispered as his eyes ran up and down her naked body.
Lucy blushed lightly and walked over to her bike. She stepped through the opening and raised the kickstand. Her eyes went to his semi hard dick. "When your dick is hard again, I'm going to fuck your brains out on a picnic table."
"Promises. Promises." Chuck replied with a grin as he moved to his bike.
Lucy laughed and pushed down on the right pedal. Her ass came up off the seat and she stood up as she rode out from behind the truck and turned into the campground road. She hadn't even checked the entrance road before she did. As she rounded the first turn, she sat down on the seat. The seat felt cool against her hot sex as it settled into her slit.
Chuck rode up beside her, his dick once again sticking straight up in the air. Lucy grinned and then laughed. "That didn't take long."
"With you riding naked in front of me, it didn't take long at all."
"We'll make this lap and then find a place to make love," she said as she stood up again. She continued to pedal slowly but in this position her ass was stuck out and her breasts hung down. She could feel the slipperiness between her thighs and her breasts swaying from side to side.
Looking over at Chuck, she grinned and said, "I love riding a bike. We'll have to get bikes of our own."
Chuck fell back a little, checked out the view, and then pulled up beside Lucy. "Dad said we could have these if we wanted them. He and mom don't ride anymore."
Lucy giggled as she pictured Chuck's mother riding naked. "Maybe they've never ridden this way."
Chuck grinned. "You don't know my parents very well. The way they tell it, they met at a nudist resort."
Lucy shivered and sat down on the seat. "I'd never considered a nudist resort."
Chuck laughed. "All those naked people looking at you."
Lucy groaned softly. "And you looking at all those naked people. You're dick would never go down."
"You're one to talk. You'd stay wet to your knees."
Lucy laughed. "Don't forget I make puddles."
"That's why nudists always carry towels with them."
Lucy gave him a funny look. Chuck grinned. "It's polite and a courtesy to sit on your own towel instead of on the bare furniture."
"Oh yeah, I can see that," Lucy said as she grinned and made a right turn into a campsite driveway.
Chuck made a wide turn and followed her. She came to a stop and looked around. There was a concrete picnic table with benches, a fire pit, and a large square with sand. The table had pieces of pinecone and leaves on it.
"Maybe we should have brought a towel with us," she said grinning at Chuck.
"That and a broom." Chuck replied with a laugh.
"Next time," Lucy said with a big shiver. "And yes, there will be a next time."
"I was hoping there would be."
Lucy put the kickstand down on her bike and got off it. She walked around the picnic table and then brushes some of the leaves and tree trash off one end. Chuck was grinning as he got off his bike and then laughed as Lucy leaned over and blew on the clean spot.
"I have an old blanket behind the seat of the truck."
Lucy looked at him and laughed. "Now you tell me."
"We could ride back to the truck and then bring it back here."
Lucy walked over to where Chuck stood. She came up on her toes and kissed him on the lips. Dropping down off her toes, her hands came up to caress her breasts. "Sounds like a plan to me."
He reached out and lightly pinched her right nipple. Lucy whimpered softly. He pinched the other nipple with the same reaction. She was now just holding her breasts so he leaned forward and sucked on her right nipple. This brought a moan to her lips. The same happened when he sucked on the other nipple.
Straightening up, he smiled. "I'm going to suck on those some more when we get back and then I'm going to lick your pussy until you're right on the ragged edge of coming. Then I'm going to fuck you long, hard, and deep," he whispered.
Lucy let out a long drawn out moaning groan. A moment later, she fanned her face and whispered, "Promises, promises."
Chuck laughed and turned to his bike. "I'll race you to the truck."
Lucy gave him a leering grin. "Lets ride slow and save our energy for when we get back here."
Chuck grinned and dropped a bombshell. "That's why I love you so much. You're always thinking and planning ahead."
Lucy's mouth dropped open.
Chuck looked at her with a funny look. "What?"
"You... you... said the "L" word."
Chuck smiled and nodded. "I've been thinking it for months now so...."
Lucy groaned softly and shut her eyes. She had been thinking the same exact thing for about the same length of time. She opened her eyes and whispered, "Me too."
"You too, what?" Chuck asked softly.
"I... I... love you," Lucy said slowly.
Chuck grinned. "Now that we have that settled...."
Lucy shivered hard and shook her head. "Yeah, lots of changes today."
"Only that we finally got up the nerve to say it."
"Yeah, we did," she said softly, a smile coming to her face.
Chuck smiled back at her and winked before he turned to his bike and walked it around in a circle. Lucy was still smiling as she got her bike and followed him. Once she was beside him, he looked at her and asked, "Ready?"
She nodded and rolled the bike until the right pedal was just past the top. She stepped through the frame and watched as he through his leg over his bike.
*****
They held hands as they rode on around the campground road. Neither one paid the least attention to the entrance road as they reached the parking lot. They rode over beside the truck and got off the bikes. Chuck loaded them into the back of the truck and joined Lucy by the cab. He fished the keys out of the pocket of his shorts.
Lucy gathered up their clothes and paused to kiss him softly on the lips. They were both grinning as he opened the door and she got in. He kept looking at her as he walked around the truck and got in.
"Drive to the first campsite," she said a moment later.
"Why the first one?"
With a grin, she winked at him. "If we start with that one, we can use the next one the next time we're here."
Chuck laughed and started the truck. "What happens when we get to the last one?"
"We get married and have our honeymoon back at the first one."
"Now there is a plan I can live with," Chuck said with a grin.
"In your apartment or mine?" Lucy asked as she slid over closer to him and wrapped her fingers around his hard dick.
"Does it really matter as long as we are together?"
"Not in the least," Lucy whispered as she ran her hand up and down his shaft. "Not in the least."