1998
Ozarks
Please note that all characters are 18 years of age or older.
*
The sexual tension was thick in the air! Tyreese was certain he could cut it with a knife.
An hour before he had sex in a river with his redheaded girlfriend Jun. He was also dead certain that her best friend, the platinum blonde Anura was watching.
After some sandwiches on the beach, the drive back was silent... dead silent. No one spoke nor coughed.
It felt like everyone knew what would happen between them. Both girls were still in their bathing suites, neither bothered to change, or to even put their sundresses back on.
"I'm tired," Tyreese said stretching in the living room of the cottage and breaking the silent spell; "I'm going to take a nap."
"Me too!" Anura declared a bit too enthusiastically.
Tyreese could see Jun shooting her a dirty look across the room. He didn't stick around to find out what the redheaded Korean girl had to say.
The tall black man stepped into the ensuite bathroom to relieve himself. The last time he used the bathroom Anura had walked in looking for a peek.
Taking a deep breath to prevent himself from watering the ceiling he thought about his girlfriend's blonde pal. Anura was petite and ivory white, with a tendency to wear lots of make-up and jewellery.
'I wonder if she takes it all off to fuck?' He mused as he shook the last few drops.
He wasn't sure what would happen next, would both women walk in and seduce him? Would Jun pass out in the living room to let Anura and him to get it on?
Creak... went the door opening behind him.
'Shit,' Tyreese thought to himself unsure who was behind him, 'I forgot to stand sideways so she could see my wang.'
He could faintly hear footsteps approaching, inhaling he couldn't detect a smell to give a clue. His penis didn't care, it had gone from pointing down to straight ahead.
Tyreese felt dumb standing there dick in hand waiting for something to happen. Back on the streets of Detroit he prided himself on striking first and hard, be it in love or war.
At the first touch he tried not to react, his blood was up and he was jumpy.
'Soft hands... hmmmm,' He thought guessing.
The hands explored his sides before wrapping about to feel his front torso. He could feel two breasts pushing again his back.
'Not helpful...' he mused on account that Anura might have a handful of boob; however Jun wore a heavily padded brassiere.
Tyreese could feel the hands run up and down his ribs, his cock was now fully erect, wobbling back and forth awaiting attention.
"Oh..." he gasped when the hand grabbed his meaty tool and stroked it up slowly before stroking down.
He still had no clue based on hand squeeze, Jun had never given him a handjob from behind. To make matters worse both had small hands.
Frustrated Tyreese turned around to confront his mysterious romantic partner.
'I don't much care which girl it was,' he mused, 'just as long as they were ready to fuck!'
"Oh it's you..." he said as if they were meeting at a bar called O'Malley's.
The redheaded Jun didn't have a witty reply, she instead stepped on her tippy-toes to kiss the much taller black man.
Tyreese kicked off his shorts as he pulled the smaller lady into his arms. They kissed, then groped with each other as they moved towards the bed.
What happened next Tyreese found very odd. As he tried to set a mostly nude Jun on the bed she tried to squirm her way on top of him. It felt like they were two virgins unsure who was to be where.
"Oh..." Moaned Jun with Tyreese on top and sliding into her very wet pussy.
Suppressing the strong urge to instantly nut, Tyreese pushed his thick black cock deeper. Looking down he could see a pout on Jun's face.
'Whats her deal?' He wondered as he pulled his cock back until just the head nestled between her pussy lips.
"Yes..." Jun moaned louder than before.
As he pushed back in he saw the pout replaced by a look of ecstasy. He could tell she was enjoying it, but it was obvious that she had a different plan.
"Fuck me hard!" His girlfriend demanded.
Tyreese could feel Jun's legs intertwine with his own, and then the press of her firm breasts against his chest when he leaned down to kiss her.
When their lips touched her hands wrapped about him, it caused a shiver! It wasn't from her touch... he could sense eyes upon him! Tyreese didn't want to alert the onlooker that he knew they were there, so he kept fucking at the same pace.
'Ah ha!' He thought to himself after a glance at the nearby window.
The reflection was poor, all he could see was a white image, it was enough to confirm that it was Anura.
The loud moaning, the pouting... it all added up in his mind as he realized that Jun was putting on a show for her friend!
'If it's a show they want...' Tyreese thought to himself as he put Jun's legs up his shoulders, 'then a show they shall get!!!'
Tyreese proceeded to fuck with an energy he didn't possess early. His exhaustion was forgotten as he forced his body towards a second wind.
"Oh yes, oh yes!!!" Shouted Jun as he pounded into her.
As if he were playing basketball, Tyreese controlled his breathing to prevent himself from getting winded too soon.
"Oh...." She wailed as the bed creaked.
Tyreese still had plenty of energy, but what he didn't have was time!
'Dang she tight!' He thought as he picked up his pace.
When he could hold it back no more, he moved swiftly! Pulling out he shimmied up Jun's petite body to point his penis straight at her face.
Tyreese moved so fast that Jun didn't have time to speak let alone breath. Mere inches from her nose he started to stroke his meat.
"Oh yeah!" He grunted as he came.
Cum fired out of his penial slit in one thick and long string! It flew far, much farther than usual, it went right over Jun's head to land on the pillow beside her.
The remainder of that string landed upon her head and face. Her ear pooled with semen, her red hair was now spotted with pearl white chunks. The last fell warm on her cheek.
The rest of Tyreese's cum spat out as tiny drops in a shotgun pattern about Jun's face.
Tyreese could see that he had gotten some into her eyes before she could shut then. Although I was an accident, he didn't have time to make it right.
In a quick fluid moment he moved backwards then grabbed an ankle. Twisting he flipped his stunned girlfriend onto her stomach, then with two giant black hands he grabbed her hips to set her up.
"Unh!!!" Jun grunted through gritted cum covered teeth as he pushed his cock back into her waiting pussy.
Tyreese's cock was incredibly sensitive, his body screamed stop and sleep, but his libido demanded he go fast and furious!
'How's that for a show!0' He thought to himself as he fucked his girlfriend doggystyle.
He couldn't see Jun blinking sperm that now stung her eyes. He pounded so hard she knew she couldn't lift a hand to wipe them away.
"Yes! Yes! Ugh!" Jun yelled before she tasted her boyfriend's masculine fluid in her mouth.
Tyreese suppressed a laugh as he continued his performance.
SMACK!!!
Rang through the small room as he slapped Jun's small ass.
"Oh!!!" Shrieked Jun.
A quick glance at the faint reflection told Tyreese that Anura was most likely pleasuring herself to the action going on.
'She is either masturbating to us completely naked,' Tyreese thought to himself, 'or that ghost white bitch is wearing a white shirt!'
The mere thought of having an audience had Tyreese's heart pounding faster than before. It was like the rush you get before a first date, however you know you can't screw it up.
"Yes, yes, yes!!!" Moan Jun setting Tyreese over the edge.
"Aaahhh!!!" Grunted Tyreese a second time as he unloaded into his petite girlfriend.
"Oh yes!!!" Cried out Jun in unison as she too came.
Tyreese wasn't sure if he produced any sperm the second time; he saw how much he dropped the first time and doubted there was any left.
Stuck deep into Jun he didn't want to pull out. His cock was incredibly sensitive after so much continuous work.
The two of them stayed conjoined together as they fought to control their breath.
Tyreese wanted to give a loud yip of joy at his performance! But he had done so well that he didn't want to spoil the moment, so he stayed silent.
Jun too said nothing as she blinked dripping semen from her eyes before realizing that it might be oozing from her ear as well.
"Ah!" Tyreese hissed pulling out, he didn't want to go, but fancied himself a gentleman who wouldn't leave a woman covered in jizz.
"Stay there, I'll get something to clean you up." He said before disappearing into the side bathroom.
"Like I can go anywhere?" Sassed Jun before laughing.
Returning quickly he started on her face, then when she felt confident in moving he helped get the rest.
"Give me that," She said snatching a moistened rag, "I gotta clean my ear out."
"Your ear?" He asked perplexed.
"You got some aim!" She teased digging the white stuff out. "Best you save it for the basketball court!"
They both laughed at that, as they worked together to get the mess under control. Tyreese's own cock bounced up and down still hard as he assisted.
'Shit!' He wondered to himself, 'Why am I still so hard!'
"My hair too!" She quipped, "how did it get there!"
"Damnned if I know." He said trying to sound charming.
"I bet you don't!" She snapped getting up from the bed. "I need a shower!"
"And a brush too!" Tyreese added before he had to dodge his own jizz rag!
Exhausted he lay down on the bed and neglecting to put on shorts or pull on a blanket he shut his eyes.
"Shit!" He said startled by the sound of the shower.
Looking around and seeing nothing he pulled the pillow from under his head to put over his eyes to block out the brightness of the room. In moments he was back unconscious.