I have a whole series of these stories written. They all revolve around Tucker Sims and his studio. Most of them work as stand alone stories, but some things will make more sense if you read them in the order they were posted. They are all fairly short, easy reads. I hope you enjoy them. As usual, the people and places are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.
City Diner
Ginny. A good old fashioned name, perfect for a waitress at a diner. She walks the worn out linoleum of one of those old joints that looks like a shiny, stainless steel train car. CITY DINER is the name lit up in neon. Not very original. It's a small place, on a corner lot, on a gritty street in a mid-sized rust belt city. It's a city up North, so it snows a lot in the winter. The summers are nice though. Warm and green.
It's summer when our story gets going. A summer that's extra warm and a little less green than usual. Ginny's at work. She's taking a quick break out on the back steps behind the kitchen, smoking a cigarette...
"Hey Gin, what's up," a young man said. He'd just jumped out of a faded old Mazda Miata that had seen better days.
"Slow tonight," Ginny said. "You on 'till mornin'?"
"Yup. The fun's just startin'," he said.
His name was Ralphy. He didn't look like a Ralphy, but what are you gonna do, everybody's stuck with their names. He looked more like a Brett, or a Clint, or maybe a Jude. Not because he resembled anybody, just because the name Ralphy didn't do his handsomeness any justice. But Ralphy it was.
"You think you could find any tighter pants?" Ginny said sarcastically. "Jesus Christ, ya know the women can't see ya below the waist right? It don't help the tips none."
"What are you, my mother now?" Ralphy asked jokingly. "You don't like lookin' at me?"
"I never said that," Ginny said with a little smirk.
"You know it's all for you," Ralphy said, gesturing with his hands at his body. "Just say the word Gin. You and me. All this is yours baby."
Ginny smiled. Ralphy and the others at the diner kept her sane. Life at home was the shits for her. The low-down, brown and stinky shits. An abusive husband and a worthless low-life son both lived off her waitress pay and made her life plenty miserable. She'd had enough five years ago, but felt trapped, like she was locked up in a cage. She knew she wasn't, of course, but damn, it sure felt that way most of the time.
She threw her cigarette butt down, twisted the sole of her ugly white waitress shoe on it, and followed Ralphy inside.
After fifty-five years of humdrum life, Ginny was tired. Walking the floor of the old diner night after night would have been torturous if it wasn't for the younger folks on staff keeping the atmosphere upbeat. Just about everybody was younger. Ralphy was twenty-nine. Max, the owner of the joint, was thirty-five. The day shift waitresses were all in their low twenties, the kind of youth that was too depressing for Ginny to think about much. When she was low twenties she was hot too. Long legs, nice tits. Guys were all over her for a few years there. Then she met Gary and the rest is unpleasant history.
Ralphy though, he could still see it in the old girl. Max made sure the uniforms fit his waitresses kinda tight, and Ginny, tired looking as she was, still looked good, especially when you squinted a little. Ralphy, he must have had a permanent squint, because he had to stop himself from looking sometimes. Back in the hot kitchen, looking though the opening where he put up the orders of two-over-easy-hash-browns-and-toast, he often did that old fashioned thing men sometimes do, that undress-her-with-your-eyes thing. And Ginny, yeah, she undressed nice. Ralphy's mom was younger than Ginny, which sometimes made him wonder what the hell was goin' on inside his head, but damn, yeah, she undressed nice.
"Order up," Ralphy yelled.
———————
Five in the morning. The city's empty. Ginny loves that time of day. Shift over, a nice quiet cigarette that she doesn't have to snuff out if she doesn't want to, a quiet hang with Ralphy, or whoever the night cook is. She likes it best when it's Ralphy. Nick, he doesn't hang long. He's polite and chats a while, but Ralphy, he lingers as long as Ginny does. She has to force herself to go sometimes, because Ralphy, he knows how her home life is the shits. He'll stay and talk as long as Ginny wants. Ralphy's home life, it's not so bad. Quiet a lot of the time, but two sorta kinda girlfriends try and keep him busy. They're fun, but not settling down material. Early in the morning though, at five o'clock, there's nothing for him at home, and Ginny, she loves the morning hang, so Ralphy does too. How could he not, after undressing the old gal with his eyes all night long?
"You wearin' those pants tomorrow?" Ginny said as Ralphy got in his old Miata after she'd decided it was time to go.
"You want me to?" Ralphy asked.
"They're not so bad," Ginny said. She pulled the cigarette out of her smirk and twisted it under her tired foot.
Ralphy's Miata needed a muffler. Ginny smiled a little as he roared away.
———————
"Order up," Ralphy yelled.
It was another hot night in the kitchen. He had his tight pants on again, and a tight white t-shirt that showed off his guns. He did push-ups in the morning to keep 'em big, except morning was afternoon for guys like Ralphy who worked nights.
"Thanks hun," Ginny said. She picked up the plate and shuffled off across the well-worn linoleum. Ralphy watched her go, his eyes just South of her belted waist. Long legs and asses. Yeah, he liked 'em. He liked 'em a lot.
"Slow tonight. Take a break honey, I'll call ya if I need ya," Ginny said.
Ralphy went out and sat on the back steps. It was twenty, maybe thirty degrees cooler than the kitchen. Ginny, she sat down on a stool at the counter, taking a load off her tired feet.
"Who's the boy," the only customer in the place said, as he finished up his fried egg sandwich. Ginny turned her head.
"The boy?" she said.
"The cook. What's his name?"
"Who wants ta know?" Ginny said.
"Tucker's my name. Tucker Sims." He pulled a nice little leather business card holder out of his pocket, flicked out a card, and set it down on the table next to him. "Think he'd be interested in doin' some modeling?"
Ginny scowled and smiled, both at the same time.
"Modelin'?" she said. "I don't know Mister, you'd have to ask him."
"How about you, you ever think about it?"
"About Ralphy modelin'? Nope, can't say I have," Ginny said.
"No, I mean you. You're a good lookin' gal Ginny," he said. He'd read her name on her uniform earlier.
"You drunk?" Ginny said. "Where you been, down the road at Joe's hittin' the whiskey?"
"Give him this, will ya," Tucker said, pointing at the card. He tossed a twenty on the table and turned to leave. "I'll stop in again."
"Yeah, come again Mister," Ginny said, admiring his expensive clothes as he walked out.
She walked over and picked up the twenty. A fourteen dollar tip on his six dollar snack. She left the card and went back for it after she cleared the dishes and wiped her hands. She was standing there reading it when Ralphy came back in.
Tucker Sims T.S. Productions Photography, Film, Video
"Hey Ralphy, you ever do any modelin'?" Ginny asked, smirking because she already knew the answer.
"Yeah, I was on the cover of Playgirl last month," he joked.
"I thought that was you," Ginny said. "If you wanna give it a try a guy was just here askin' about ya." She handed him the card and waited for his reaction.
"Askin' aboutme?"
"Yeah, and he didn't even see your tight pants," Ginny said, ribbing him a little.
"What the fuck's he want with me?"
"Hey, I can see it. If you can't that's your own problem."
"Hold on now. What the fuck are you talkin' about? And what'd this guy say?" Ralphy asked, looking down at the card in his hand again.
"He just asked if you ever did any modelin'. I said he'd have to ask you. He said to give you that and he'd be back sometime. Big tipper. Nice clothes too."
"Huh. Modelin' huh? That's a new one," Ralphy said. He pushed the card into his front pants pocket.
"I'm surprised you can fit anything in there," Ginny said, admiring the tight pants again. She winked.
"I'm wearin' these every night you work Ginny, from now on."
"Fine with me honey. Fine with me."
———————
Two nights later Tucker Sims was back in the same booth. It was the slowest time of night, about three-forty-five or so.
"I hope you don't rely on tips sweetheart, when it's this dead in here," he said.
"Yeah, it's not the best," Ginny said as she put the egg sandwich in front of him. She topped up his coffee too.
"I see our handsome cook's workin' again. Did you give him my card?"
"I did. He was a little curious maybe," Ginny said.
"Would he get in trouble if he sits down with me for a few minutes?" Tucker asked.
"No, I won't tell on him. I'll see if he wants to."
Ginny took the coffee pot and put it back on the burner. Tucker checked her out as she walked away. Her fifty-five-year-old legs seemed to be attracting a lot of attention lately.
"Hey hun, that guys here again, wants you to sit down with him."
"No shit?" Ralphy said.
He looked out through the opening, shrugged his shoulders at Ginny when he saw the guy was the only one in the place, took off his apron and walked out. Tucker looked him over as he approached.
"Tucker Sims," Tucker said, extending his hand.
"Oh. Ralphy," Ralphy said. No need for last names, he thought.
"Good to meet you Ralphy. Did Ginny tell you what I'm interested in?"
"Sort of I guess. Modelin' or somethin'? I never done anything like that."
"That's good. We like fresh faces. You've got a fantastic face Ralphy. And the rest of you's...top notch," Tucker said, glancing at Ralphy's chest and big arms. "You hang out at the gym? Box or somethin'?"
"No, nothin' like that. Lot's of pushups, stuff like that."
"Well it's good my friend. You've got the look ladies are into right now. I think we could do some business. The money's good. It could be a big help on top of what you make here."
Ginny sat on a stool at the end of the counter, sipping on a cup of coffee. She felt like she shouldn't be listening, but she couldn't help it really. The diner was pretty small.
"So what are we talkin' about exactly?" Ralphy asked Tucker.
"We usually start folks out with still pictures. Someone like you, it's all about the cheesecake. Stuff the ladies'll like. Bare chest, those pants you got on'll work fine."
Ginny swallowed hard, almost choking on her coffee when she heard the pants line. She had to turn her head so they wouldn't see her smiling.
"We'll get you on some calendars, stuff like that," Tucker continued. "The internet's a good outlet too these days. Fifty bucks an hour. It's easy money my man."
"Fifty clams? Jesus, I was about to say no fuckin' way, but..."
"Yeah Ralphy. There's nothin' to it. With your looks and my photographer, it's a slam dunk. And the money goes up too. Fifty's just where we get started." Tucker said. "Ginny, you wanna join us for a minute?"
She got up slowly, a little more in tune with Tuckers game, but still not sure about him.
"More coffee?" she asked as she approached.
"No thanks sweetheart. Have a seat with us."
She slid in next to Ralphy, eyeing Tucker a little suspiciously.
"I know, this sounds nutty, right?" Tucker said. "Some guy comes in in the middle of the night, talkin' fifty bucks an hour this, and slam dunk that, but I've been in this business for ten years now. I know when I see good people. I know when I see good people that other people wanna see. I hope I don't insult you Ginny, but what are you, forty-four, forty-five, somethin' like that? There's a hot market for sexy pictures of girls just like you."
"You been hittin' the whiskey again tonight?" Ginny smirked.
"No. Serious as cancer Ginny. You got some wicked legs on you, and the rest stacks up real nice too. So I got work for the both of you if you want it. Fifty or more an hour adds up fast. We can do it separate, or together'd be even better, you two got a nice vibe together. I can definitely see that workin' out real nice."
"Did you bring any of that booze with ya? I could use a shot right about now," Ginny said. "You buyin' this?" she said to Ralphy.
"There's nothin' to buy," Tucker said. "It's all above board. I've got a studio downtown, we pay taxes, my customers are happy, and more important to you guys, my models are happy. You don't have to tell me anything tonight. I'll stop in in a few days. Think about it. Not only is it easy money, it's fun. Everybody that works for me has a good time."
"Okay, so I got a question," Ginny said. "If Ralphy's bare chested and tight pants, what am I?"
"There's a lotta ways we can go Ginny. You could be fully clothed, even in that cute little uniform, flirtin' with cheesecake Ralphy. I'd love to see you in some lingerie, and I know my customers would too. It can be as covered up as you want though. We've got a huge wardrobe, and a makeup girl. Hair. The works. It's all up to you though. You call the shots and we'll work with it."
"Yeah, I thought maybe you wanted some skin, although I don't know why you're pickin' me. Anyway, I'm married, and my husband, he wouldn't go for it."
"You know, I really doubt he'd ever see any of it, if you didn't want to show him. We've worked with models who wore wigs and glasses and stuff like that. My stylists, they're like magicians. You'd be amazed. I've got a married woman, we've been workin' with her for a couple years now. It's all hush, hush. Nobody knows it's her. She makes good money. She's stashin' it away for herself.
A group of customers walked in. Ginny and Ralphy slid out of the booth.
"Think it over," Tucker said as he got up. He threw another twenty on the table. "I'll stop in in a couple days."
Ginny didn't even look at Ralphy. The whole idea twisted her mind in a way she didn't quite expect. Posing for pictures was crazy enough, but doing it flirty? With Ralphy half naked? It should have made her laugh out loud at Tucker, but it didn't.
Ralphy, he went back to the kitchen and put on his apron. Fifty bucks an hour was pretty much all that was in his head until Ginny put in the order for the new group sitting in the corner booth and he saw her face. She looked shy. It was something new for Ginny, something Ralphy hadn't seen before.
"Crazy, huh Gin?" he said, knowing she'd know what he meant.
"Yeah...crazy," she said.
The group in the booth finished up and left, leaving a tip too dumb to mention. The place was empty again. An hour-and-a-half before dawn was the doldrums. Ralphy walked out of the kitchen and sat on a stool at the end of the counter. Ginny made a fresh pot of coffee.
"Funny thing is, I don't get a slimy vibe from him," Ginny said. "It seems for real, don't it?"
"Yeah. Fuckin' crazy though, isn't it? Can you see me on a calendar?" Ralphy laughed.
"Hey, I can see it," Ginny said. "You should talk to him more. Fifty bucks an hour ain't nothin' to walk away from so easy."
"I guess maybe. What about you? That's good money Gin. Like he said about that other woman, you could stash it away for yourself. You don't wanna be with Gary your whole life do ya? You're gonna need some cash someday."
"Yeah. What if he found out though. That'd be ugly," Ginny said. "And what the fuck am I talkin' about anyway. I'm to old for that shit."
"Hey, you can see it with me, I can see it with you," Ralphy said. "I prolly shouldn't say this, but you kinda rock that uniform. You know Max picks the girls for their looks. You're one of 'em."
"Get outta here! I'm fifty-five fuckin' years old. Closin' on fifty-six for chrissake!"
"Hey, hot is hot Gin. I'm just layin' it out there like the world sees it. I don't know how much you wanna talk about this stuff, but...you ever watch porn? The whole "mature" thing? Younger guys, we kinda like the older woman thing. I'll say no more because we prolly shouldn't be talkin' about that, but...I'm just sayin', I wouldn't mind seein'youon a calendar."
Two customers came in and Ginny and Ralphy got back to work. They didn't talk about Tucker any more that night, both of them turning shy from the things they had said. The hang on the back steps after their shift was kinda quiet too, a little small talk and a lot of lookin' off into the distance. Ginny saw Ralphy different that night. She watched him different too, as he climbed into his little car. The key turned, the rusty muffler roared. Ginny snuffed out her cigarette as he drove away.
———————
Tucker was back at the diner two days later, walking in out of a rainy, pitch black night, somewhere around three o'clock. Ginny hadn't talked any more to Ralphy about things, so she wondered what he'd say to Tucker. She was pretty sure she knew what she would say. Thanks but no thanks.
"Egg sandwich," she said to Ralphy through the kitchen window. "Check it out."
She gestured with her head toward Tucker, sitting in his usual booth. Four young guys were at the other end of the row of booths, drunk and boisterous, but they were done eating and left soon after.
"So how's your night goin'?" Tucker asked Ginny when she brought him his sandwich.
"Nothin' special," Ginny said. "Rainin' pretty good huh?"
"Yeah. Washington Ave's almost flooded," he said. "You and Ralphy decide anything?"
"Maybe. Let me get him."
Ralphy took off his apron and walked out of the kitchen. Ginny followed him over with a pot of coffee, filled up Tuckers cup, set the pot down on the table and slid in next to Ralphy on the shiny vinyl seat.
"You guys decide to have some fun with me? Make a few bucks?" Tucker asked.
Ginny and Ralphy looked at each other.
"You go," Ginny said to Ralphy, even more curious about what he'd say than Tucker probably was.
"Yeah, I guess...maybe I'll try somethin'," Ralphy said to Tucker.
Ginny smiled a little. Ralphy surprised her. She'd be buying that calendar for sure.
"Great! That's what I like to hear," Tucker said. "How 'bout you Ginny? You guys gonna team up on this? Moral support's great for gettin' things going."
"Well I..." Ginny said, and she glanced at Ralphy. "I hadn't really thought about it that way."
Ralphy's eyes opened a little more than usual. It was a subtle 'Don't you wannna do this with me?' look. Every once in a while he reminded her of a big puppy dog, and this was one of those times.
"Maybe. I mean I don't know. I was gonna say no, but..." she said, looking shy again. "Whaddya think Ralphy, what should I do?"
"You're gonna come shoot some pictures with me, that's what you should do. If you don't like it we'll stop, or you'll stop, or whatever, right?" he asked Tucker. "She can try it a little and just stop if she wants, right?"
"Absolutely. No pressure honey," Tucker said to Ginny. "I think you'll like it though. Like I said, we have all kinds of fun down there. It's like fairyland when everything gets rollin'. You guys'll have fun, you'll walk out with money in your pockets...it's all good."
"Yeah, I mean I guess I can give it a try," Ginny said. "Maybe with the wig and the glasses, like you said. I don't wanna look ridiculous though."
"Trust me, we don't want you to look ridiculous either," Tucker said. "I wouldn't be in here three times if I didn't think both of you had what we're lookin' for."
"What, you don't like our egg sandwiches?" Ginny said kiddingly. It helped her relax.
"So what's your schedules like?" Tucker asked. "I'm guessin' afternoons might be good for you guys..."
———————
"Whaddya think Marsha, Nice lookin' girl, right?" Tucker said.
"Yeah, totally. Are you the one who wants to use wigs?" Marsha asked Ginny.
Ginny was sitting in a reclining barber chair, looking at herself in a big mirror.
"Yeah, I kinda need to look like...somebody sorta different, if you know what I mean."
"Say no more honey. I got ya. Who does your hair? It's kinda thick around the back here."
"Oh. Nobody special really. A friend of mine sorta hacks at it."
"You'd look wicked cute with a pixie. You really got the face for it. And then the wigs would work out really nice. Want me to cut it?"
"Marsha works over at the Hair Factory when she's not here," Tucker said, looking at Ginny in the mirror. "She's the best."
"Not to toot my own horn or anything, but it's a hundred-and-fifty dollar haircut over there. I think you'll like it."
"Jeez, I ain't had a hundred-and-fifty dollaranythingbefore," Ginny said. "What the hell, I always wondered what that kind of thing would look like. Yeah, I'm up for it."
Tucker went to the men's dressing room. Ralphy was sitting, waiting for him.
"So, we're starting with calendar shoot kinda stuff, right?" Tucker asked.
"Yeah, that's what we talked about, yeah," Ralphy said. He wondered what else there might be.
"Take off your shirt for me. Let me get Chip in here.Hey Chippy!" Tucker yelled out the door.
A tall, slim man entered. As soon as he started talking Ralphy could tell he was gay.
"Is this our new man?" Chip asked.
"This is Ralphy, Chip," Tucker said. "He's gonna be workin' with Ginny. She's in with Marsha gettin' her hair done. They're here for a photo session. Maybe we'll work into some other things. We're gonna start with a calendar shoot, some good old-fashioned older woman younger man cheesecake. Mild, you know? I'm thinkin' Ralphy with his shirt off, Ginny with her hands on him, maybe a little lacy bra showin', that kind of thing."
"I get the idea," Chip said, admiring Ralphy's bare chest. "He's perfect isn't he?"
"Yeah. Don't glam him up to much. I want the blue-collar diner cook to come through. And those pants, we can use 'em, right? For one of the set-ups at least?"
"Yes. Yes. They're perfect," Chip said. "How about some tighty-whities and a sleeveless undershirt? That fits the diner cook thing, right? His shoulders and arms are fabulous."
"Good. Good. Whatever you think. Yeah, we'll do a few different set-ups," Tucker said. "Ralphy, you're in good hands. Chippy's the best, been with me for, what, eight years Chip? So just relax, enjoy the process, don't be afraid to make suggestions. Everything goes smoothest when there's lots of give and take. Chippy, get with Marsha and coordinate the first set-up all right? I'll be in my office when you guys are ready."
While they waited on Ginny's haircut, Chip had Ralphy try on some underwear. White cotton briefs that were plenty snug, and a small sleeveless undershirt, like the muscle shirts Ralphy wore when he was younger. The whole thing felt wrong — parading around with his big cock lump showing, in front of a gay man — but Chip quickly put him at ease. After trying on a few more things they were laughing and Ralphy was relaxing.
Ginny, she was already in that fairyland Tucker had talked about. Marsha was all kinds of fun to talk to, and her skill with the scissors was obvious. The first nice haircut of Ginny's life almost brought her to tears as she sat and watched the transformation in the mirror. Who knew a well cut pixie could take off so many years? When it was time to start trying on wigs she hated to cover up the new look. But yeah, she needed to hide a little, and damn, that blonde wig with the soft curls wassexy! She and Marsha quickly agreed that was the one. A big box of nonprescription eye glasses was next. A pair of little black ones fit her face and the wig like a charm and looked nice and natural on her. She and Marsha looked in the mirror. Ginny wasn't Ginny anymore. Marsha did the makeup too. A full hour of eyebrow plucking, eye-lining, shading, shadowing and lipsticking took Ginny somewhere she'd never been before. She looked super sexy, and ready for anything.
Ralphy was in the studio talking to Tucker, Chip and Jamar the photographer when Ginny walked in with Marsha. Ginny was high. She was fucked up, like the buzz she got from the last weed she had smoked twenty years ago. She couldn't feel her feet. She was walking on them but her whole body was gone.The physical transformation she had just been through, the sexy clothes she was wearing, the place she was walking into, it all fucked up her head something fierce. When she saw Ralphy standing there shirtless and she saw the look on his face, the 'Holy shit, is that my Ginny?' look, she went down. Fainted. Out cold.
It didn't last long. Ralphy had carried her to a couch on one of the sets and Marsha was fanning her with the flattened out top of a cardboard box. Tucker held a cold bottle of water for her.
"You all right sweetheart?" Tucker asked.
"Yeah. What...what happened?" Ginny said.
"You fainted Gin. Scared the shit outta us," Ralphy said. "You eat anything today?"
"A little."
"Chippy, order a pizza, will ya?" Tucker said. "Pizza all right Ginny?"
"Yeah, it's fine."
She felt her head, so different with so little hair.
"I took the wig off honey," Marsha said. "Maybe it was overheatin' you. We'll fix it up again, don't worry."
"Gin, I gotta tell ya, this fuckin' haircut's killin' me," Ralphy said.
Ginny could tell it was the good kind of killin'.
"Wait'll ya see it when it's not all matted down," Marsha said. "It's fuckin' hot."
"Jesus," Ralphy said quietly.
Tucker pulled up a chair and he and Ralphy and Ginny talked about the clothes and the set and working at the diner while they waited for the pizza. After they each had a couple slices Marsha took Ginny back to fix up the wig and her makeup. Walking onto the set the second time was better.
"Now I get a chance to say what I was thinkin' the first time," Tucker said as Ginny approached. "Damn!"
Ginny giggled. It'd been twenty-fife years since a guy reacted that way.
"What he said," Ralphy said, his eyes drinking in his co-worker as never before.
Ginny had on a tight little cardigan sweater, unbuttoned enough to show a glimpse of the red lacy bra underneath. Sheathing her nice ass was a pair of very short shorts that showed off her long legs. Spiky high heels finished the outfit off with a flourish. With the makeup and the wig and the glasses, the whole thing sent a rush of blood to Ralphy's cock. He was glad he had the tight pants on and not the tighty-whities, or, god forbid, the red silk boxers he'd tried on.
"All right," Tucker said. "While you were gettin' ready Ginny, Jamar worked with Ralphy a little. He got all the technical shit worked out so we're ready to roll. Let's just start shootin' some stuff. We may revisit some poses later, because initially you'll probably be a little stiff until you get used to the camera. Don't worry about that at all, all right? Once we all get used to each other you'll start to feel the fun I was talkin' about. So, Ginny, just stand next to Ralphy. Ralphy, put your arm around her......yeah, that's good."
Jamar clicked off a few frames and started moving in and around them, clicking away as he went. Ginny didn't know what to concentrate on — Ralphy's touch, or Jamar's movements. She started to feel a little high again, like she did just before she fainted, so she took a deep breath and decided to focus on Ralphy.
"All right, I want you two to just relax," Tucker said. "Take a couple deep breaths. Good. Now Ralphy, sit on the chair, and Ginny, you sit between his legs, on his thigh. Yeah, that's it. Arch your back a little sweetheart. Nice. Marsha, make a note about this bra and sweater. It's really good on her."
Jamar was constantly on the move, clicking away.
"Chippy, put some music on, will ya," Tucker said. "Lets go another button on the sweater Marsha......yeah, that's it. You comfortable Ginny?"
Ginny nodded. She was surprised just how comfortable. The whole thing felt dreamy. Not high anymore, just dreamy. She felt like kissing Ralphy. That was odd, kinda druggy and high, but just like in a dream, it wasn't freaking her out. She knew a kiss wouldn't happen anyway.
"All right, put your hand on his chest Ginny, and your other arm around his neck. Yeah, that's it. Nice."
Itwasnice. Ginny and Ralphy both thought so.
"All right Ralphy, wrap your arm around her, with your hand on her hip. Yeah. And your other hand on her other leg, just above the knee. Nice. Slide that one up a little, up her thigh. Right there, hold that."
Yeah, Ralphy could hold that. Ginny had some heat pouring off of her inner thigh, and it was nice and soft. He liked that pose. Ralphy wasn't soft anymore though, and he suddenly realized his hard dick was right up tight against Ginny's butt. Jesus Christ and it was twitchin'! He couldn't stop the fuckin' thing! Every time he thought about it the motherfucker would twitch again!
Ginny felt it, but she wasn't giving away that she knew. She felt Ralphy's big cock even before it got hard, what with the thin, shiny fabric of her short shorts and Ralphy's tight pants that sort of had the lump right out there in the first place. The twitch though, that really got her heart racing.
Jamar, he was working the pose from lots of angles, because it was a good one. Ginny and Ralphy, they were starting to relax, and they had sort of melted together in a nice natural way. They had some nice looks on their faces too, like they were both into what was going down, but trying to hide it from each other. It was cute and sexy.
"I'm lovin' this you guys," Tucker said. "Ginny, you okay if we open up the sweater a little more?"
"I guess," she said.
Marsha moved in and opened two more buttons. She carefully arranged things so it was nice and even and Ginny's nice cleavage was front and center.
"Beautiful," Tucker said. "Damn Ginny, so nice. Marsha do those two bottom buttons too. Just leave a couple in the middle holdin' it together. Yeah, perfect. Ralphy, take your hand off her thigh and put it on her stomach, sorta half inside the sweater. And Ginny, move that left knee over. Perfect."
It was Ginny's turn to feel the heat, this time from Ralphy's hand. She loved watching his hands when he worked in the kitchen, and now he had one inside her clothes, big and warm and powerful.
Ralphy, he was kind of amazed he was touching Ginny the way he was. He didn't know what to expect that day at the studio, but he didn't expect to feel her heartbeat.
"All right, good. Stand up Ginny," Tucker said. "Ralphy, put your legs together a little. Ginny, face Ralphy, straddle those big legs and sit down on his lap, with your hands on his shoulders."
It was the first deep eye-to-eye Ginny and Ralphy had had. Ginny smirked. Ralphy smiled. Ginny laughed. Jamar caught it all with a flurry of shots.
"Awesome you guys," Tucker said. "That's what I'm talkin' about. Fun. Loose. Goof around. Play with it."
Ginny pursed her lips in an air kiss at Ralphy, and they both laughed again.
"Hands on her thighs Ralphy," Tucker said. "Nice. Now up on her sides, under the sweater. Oh yeah. Nice, nice, nice. Ginny, you ready to open those buttons up?"
She was and she did.
"Slip the top down off your shoulders. Oh fuck yeah! Damn girl!"
Ginny's eyes were wide with the excitement of it all. Things were moving faster, and the funky music Chip had put on got her into a rhythm, her body starting to move a little bit to it. Tucker noticed.
"You feel that music too Ralphy?" he asked. "Yeah baby, move to it. Move your hands on her. You okay Ginny? You get to call stop any time you want honey."
"I'm good," she said, her eyes still locked on Ralphy's.
"Take off the sweater any time honey, whenever you feel it," Tucker said.
"You do it," she said quietly to Ralphy.
His eyes lit up and sparkled. Ginny loved that. He held the little sweater while she wiggled out of it, first one arm and then the other, her tits jiggling a little in the little red bra. She put her hands back on Ralphy's shoulders.
"Fuckin' big shoulders," she whispered under her breath, like she was talking to herself.
She massaged 'em a little, ran her hands down onto Ralphy's big arms and then back up. They went around Ralphy's neck a little, and her head moved in close, like she was gonna kiss him. Ralphy's cock was hard as a fuckin' rock, and Ginny was rockin' her hips a little to the music.
"Damn!" she whispered under her breath.
"You guys are off the charts," Tucker said. "Ginny, whaddya think about panties? That'd be the icing on the cake, and then we'll call it a day."
"Yeah, I guess," she said.
Marsha moved in, fixed her hair a little, and helped her take the shorts off over her high heels. Ralphy sat and watched, not worrying any more about the big lump in his pants. All his brain cells were occupied takin' in the sight of Ginny, standing there in a blonde wig, a sexy little red bra, and red lace panties. And high fuckin' heels no less. Those long legs he'd been watching for years were right there, every fuckin' inch of 'em.
Ginny looked down at herself, a little embarrassed.
"Guess I need to do a little landscapin' for next time," she said. "Is there gonna be a next time?" she asked Tucker.
"Oh hell yeah!" Tucker said. "You guys are fantastic. My new 'A' team. I got lots of ideas. Climb back on honey, just like you were. Arch your back sweetheart, so we can see that nice ass of yours."
She gave Ralphy a 'Holy shit, I can't believe we're doing this!' look, and then the music took her again. She closed her eyes as her hips started moving. With nothing but panty lace between her pussy and Ralphy's hard lump it was like a whole new game. She massaged his shoulders as her grinding picked up in intensity.
"Holy fffuucck!" she whispered, eyes still closed
Ralphy was moving too, lost in the moment, but his eyes were wide, watchin' the sexy blonde in glasses — a woman he knew well but didn't know at all — grind herself to an orgasm on his rock hard lump.
When she came it was silent but unmistakable, her muscles tightening and firing in little spasms, her mouth open. Her eyes opened in the middle of it, looking deep into Ralphy's, and that was all he could take. He pumped his tight pants full of hot cream.
"Ffffuck Gin!" he whispered as his balls emptied.
They were both breathless and speechless. Jamar had been circling, shooting a frenzy of shots, and they hadn't even noticed him. Ginny sat there, gathering her wits with her hands still on Ralphy's shoulders, her hips unable to come to a complete stop. Her pussy on that lump just felt too good.
"It's a wrap you guys," Tucker said, finally snapping her and Ralphy into reality. "That was as good a first session as we've ever had I think, right Jamar?"
"Yeah man. Real nice," he said.
———————
"Order up!" Ralphy yelled five hours later.
Night shift with Ginny had just started. Ralphy broke his promise — he wasn't wearing his tight pants. They needed a good washing. Ginny noticed and smiled to herself. Yeah, she did that. She made a handsome twenty-nine-year-old cum in his pants. Big time. She had no idea how she was gonna talk to him about it, but damn, just knowing it happened did her a world of good.
Making Ralphy cum, yeah, that was special, but having an orgasm herself, that was monumental, maybe even life changing. She hadn't had one for a decade or more. Her husband was more likely to slap her around than fuck her. Way more likely. And when he did stick his ugly dick in her there was nothing there. No feeling at all. Ginny thought orgasms had flown the coop. Having one rise up in her with Ralphy, so pure and beautiful like that, well it just about took her breath away just thinking about it.
The most surprising thing though, was that she wasn't even all that embarrassed about it when it happened. A fuckin' orgasm on her cook's lap, with four people watching. If you'd told her the day before that that would happen she would have told you were nuts. Totally whacked-out nuts. Not only wasn't she embarrassed by it, shelikedit. Being seen like that. Maybe it was all those chemicals it released in her when it happened, some kind of happy juice she had read about in a magazine one time. Whatever it was, she just liked the shit out of the experience. Giggled with Marsha about it in the makeup room. Told Marsha how big Ralphy's cock felt. Tucker wasn't kidding when he said the place was a fairyland.
Ralphy, he was more uncomfortable about it. The big wet spot in his pants embarrassed him in front of everybody. He never expected anything like that at a photo shoot for a calendar. When he thought back on it after he got home none of it really seemed like any calendar he'd ever seen. Tucker and everybody at the studio, they sort of coaxed things along until it went maybe too far. Not so much for him but for Ginny. He was worried about her.
He looked out from the hot kitchen at Ginny in her little waitress dress. The belt around her waist, yeah that was right about where he'd had his hands under that little sweater. Damn, her waist was so small his hands wrapped almost all the way around her. And those fuckin' legs that guy in the booth was lookin' at? Ralphy's hands had been all over them too. He was holdin' 'em tight, high up on her thighs when she came. And that look on her face when it happened, Ralphy wouldn't forget that. Ever.
And then there was that fuckin' haircut. There she was, walkin' the floor at work in her uniform, a place where she always looked exactly the same day after day, and she looked like a brand-new person. Fuckin' brand-new. Way younger, way more confident. Of course it wasn't all magic and happiness. When she went to the window to put in an order with Ralphy she got shy. They both did. There was some awkward shit in the air, and neither one knew quite what to do about it. But then she'd walk away and there was a little spring in her step. It was from everything, yeah, but a lot of it came from that haircut.
Gary gave her shit about it when she got home from the photo shoot. He knew it was cut too good to be free, and he didn't think she should have spent the money on it. She was glad in a way, because it distracted him from any other look that might have been on her face. He made fun of her, said it was too short and she looked like a boy. Ginny knew different. She looked in her bedroom mirror and saw more woman than she ever had before. She didn't care if he thought she looked like a boy. Maybe he wouldn't touch her so much, not that he touched her much in the first place.
"Order up!" Ralphy yelled.
Ginny's eyes caught his when she picked up the plates. She smiled at the look on his face as he got a little lost in her glow.
The awkwardness dissipated as the hours passed. By the time their shift was over Ginny and Ralphy were back to their normal selves, even though they hadn't really talked about what had happened. They sat next to each other on the grimy back steps behind the kitchen, Ginny having her usual smoke, talking quietly so the morning shift wouldn't hear. The noise from the big exhaust fan covered up their conversation pretty well.
"Tucker's got quite a place there, huh?" Ginny said.
"Fuck, I guess so," Ralphy said. "There's way more to it than I thought."
"Yeah."
"So, you good Ginny?" Ralphy asked. "Did they, uh...I mean they didn't get you to do stuff you didn't wanna do or anything, did they?"
"Nope. I mean, a girl doesn't get all the way, you know, there, unless she's pretty comfortable, so..."
"Oh...good...yeah," Ralphy said. "I was kinda...surprised though, you know?"
"You and me both," Ginny smiled. "So we doin' it again?"
She glanced at Ralphy with a bright twinkle in her eyes, and took a drag on her cigarette. Ralphy wasn't quite sure what she meant. The photo shoot? The orgasms?
"Yeah," he said, answering both possible questions.
"The money's good, huh?" Ginny said.
"Yeah. It's like gettin' paid to do somethin' that's..."
"Awesome?" Ginny said.
Ralphy smiled.
A hundred-and-fifty bucks. That's how much Tucker had paid each of them. Cash money. Ralphy had gone right to the muffler shop, tired of people thinking he was a dumb kid when he roared around in his noisy Miata, and Ginny, she stashed hers down in the laundry room at home, in a bin that held old tablecloths and stuff.
"You know Gin, you look really good with that hair," Ralphy said, sounding kind of shy.
"This you mean, or the blonde?" she asked, her eyes twinkling again.
Ralphy blushed. She caught him. He liked both, but damn, that curly blonde shit! That was somethin' else!
"How 'bout them glasses? They look all right on me?" Ginny asked.
"Fuck yeah!" Ralphy said.
"Oh, you like that shit huh?" Ginny smiled. "I never noticed you lookin' at smart girls in here. You into that?"
"I guess maybe."
"That's good to know," Ginny said. She smiled and filed away that information. She was surprised how much she wanted to be attractive to Ralphy. It was a new feeling, one Gary had all but stripped out of her. She'd had a long bathroom session at home before work, pruning her long neglected bush. She couldn't shave it clean or anything like that, but she trimmed it down nice and then took a long shower and shaved everything that showed outside her panties. She'd always shaved her legs nice, because they showed at work and helped her get better tips, but shaving up high? That hadn't been done in ten years or more. She wore a little eyeliner to work too, for the first time in a while. With that and the cute pixie hair and the glow on her face, the tips were pretty good that night. Better than usual.
"Tucker said he's gonna call you, right?" Ginny said as they got up to leave.
"Yeah. Couple days he said."
"Sweet dreams Ralphy," Ginny said as he walked over to his car.
Ralphy smiled, turned the key and the little roadster sounded new again, ready for new adventures.
———————
"All right, lookin' good!" Tucker said.
He was admiring his new talent, Ginny in yoga clothes and Ralphy bare-chested again, in nylon gym shorts. The set was a piece of gym equipment, a narrow, flat, padded bench with a barbell in a rack, on a big seamless background.
The clothes were all from the studio's wardrobe. Marsha picked out Ginny's yoga outfit — tight capri length pants and a short, low cut, bare-midriff top. Ginny thought she should wear a bra, but Marsha told her it wouldn't work with what they were going for.
"Tucker's gonna want your nips in play," Marsha had said.
Panties were negotiated too, Marsha thinking none, to keep the yoga pants looking smooth. A little thong was the compromise.
Ralphy, he was worried. The gym shorts he had on were shorter and smaller than he'd normally wear, and he didn't have any underwear on under them. They had a built in liner that was wispy nylon, and his big cock was moving pretty free. He sprung a little wood just watching Ginny walk out, her tits bouncing a little and her nips already in play, just like Tucker wanted. The wig, makeup and glasses killed him again too.
"Ralphy, hit the deck and do some of those pushups you were tellin' me about," Tucker said. "Pump up those guns, all right?"
Ralphy was glad to oblige — he needed to get his mind off Ginny's tits. Ginny and Marsha stood and watched him do a whole bunch of effortless pushups while Tucker helped Jamar get the camera equipment ready.
"All right," Tucker said. "Ralphy, lay down on the bench under that barbell. Those are fake weights. They got a little bit of weight to 'em, but you're gonna have to act a little when you lift it. Don't over act, all right? Just pretend like it's real. Chippy, give him a little spray. Shine him up a little. Good. All right, give it a few lifts there Ralphy."
He lifted it with ease, but put a grimace on his face and moved slowly. Jamar started snapping pictures.
"That's good. You're a natural. All right Ginny, stand right by the top of his head and pretend you're spotting for him. Put your arms out like you're ready to catch the bar if he gets in trouble. Yeah, that's good. Arch your back sweetheart, let the world see those beautiful tits of yours."
They did look pretty good, she thought. Why not be proud of them? She thrust them out and watched Ralphy's big muscles pump some light-weight iron.
"That's good. Ginny, come around here and straddle Ralphy on the bench......Wow, that looks great. Those long legs of yours are awesome. Put your hands on your hips and scowl at him, like you're his coach. Yeah. Nice. Now sit on him. Move right up to his crotch. Put your hands on his abs. Keep liftin' Ralphy."
Jamar was constantly on the move with his camera, capturing every angle and every change in position. Ginny, she could feel Ralphy's cock harden up again. Knowing she was doing that to him so easily gave her a big boost of self confidence. Making him cum in his pants the other day wasn't a fluke after all.
"Great. All right, lets change course here," Tucker said. "Marsha, take Ginny and put her in a short business skirt and a tight white blouse. No bra. Get her a clipboard and a pencil. Ralphy, take a break, get a water or somethin'."
Ralphy was glad for a chance to cool down his mind-of-its-own cock, but not so happy when Ginny climbed off of it and everybody could see the tent in his shorts. He sat with his arm covering it for a minute or two before getting his water.
"Ralphy, don't worry about that shit man. We're all used to it here," Tucker said to him when they were alone.
"Yeah, but I'm not," he said. "And I don't think Ginny is either."
"Hey, it's part of what we're goin' for. Look at it this way, we're after those kinds of expressions on your faces, and you guys aren't professional actors, so we don't see it unless you guys really feel it. So it's kinda gotta be real. You know what I mean? It's all part of it."
"Yeah, I guess I can see that," Ralphy said. "What about Marsha though."
"She's seen it a thousand times man," Tucker said. "Trust me, it's cool. All right?"
"Yeah, okay," Ralphy said.
Fifteen minutes later Marsha and Ginny were back. Ginny looked radiant. The costume changes and the whole environment had her feeling like a kid playing dress-up. Feeling good about life in a whole new way.
"All right, lets repeat that last pose. Ralphy do a few pushups first and then Chip'll spritz you."
Marsha chuckled. "You wouldn't mind 'spritzin' that, would ya Chippy?"
"Hell no!" Chip laughed, and he winked at Ralphy.
Ralphy smiled. He was finally starting to relax.
They all got back in the groove, Ginny straddling Ralphy, Jamar circling with the camera, Ralphy staring at the dreamy librarian or whatever Ginny was supposed to be, his cock hard again, pressed tight against the warmth of her crotch.
"Unbutton your shirt down as far as you want Ginny," Tucker said. "Show off that nice body of yours."
She did it the way the sweater was the other day, opening the top and the bottom, leaving two buttons in the middle to hold things together. Of course that day she had a bra on, and this day, well, she was way more free.
"Perfect honey," Tucker said.
Her cleavage was really out there, and the way she was holding her prop clipboard pushed one tit over a little, not quite exposing the nipple, but close. Ginny was well aware, and felt wicked. Fantastically, wonderfully wicked.
"Perfect. Pretend you're scoring him on his weightlifting," Tucker said.
She scowled a little as she pretended to write on her clipboard, playing up the acting thing.
"Ginny, whaddya think about openin' your shirt all the way?" Tucker asked.
She knew it was a moment of truth. A turning point. She could sense, from the way Tucker had guided them, that this was the direction he wanted to go, and the last thing she wanted to do was put an end to things. She was having too much fun, and the experience had been so good for her on so many levels. Truth be told, she had been thinking about this moment for two days, and she was ready.
"I'm game," she said, smiling at Ralphy. She not only unfastened the buttons, she slipped her shoulders out of the top of the blouse, putting her naked tits on full display, squeezed together slightly by her arms.
"That's the stuff. Fuck yeah," Tucker said. "Ralphy, what are ya gonna do about that my friend? What would you normally do in this kind of circumstance?"
Ginny's heart raced when she heard Tucker's questions. Her eyes flared a little and she smiled, silently daring Ralphy to show everyone his answer. He lowered the barbell onto the rack. Ginny's beautiful chest was heaving as Ralphy's big hands cupped her soft globes. A deep, quiet moan rose up in Ginny, and her eyes closed. The gentle touch of a man who cared was so fuckin' different than the slap of a man who didn't.
Tucker let them work things out on their own while Jamar circled, looking for angles. The camera's clicks and his movements were just a blur to Ginny and Ralphy.
"Chippy, take that barbell outta the way will ya?" Tucker said. He nodded at Marsha. She walked over, took the clipboard from Ginny and slipped the blouse off of her. "Ginny, put your hands on his chest. Kinda squeeze your tits together with your arms. Arch your back. Oh yeah, that looks good. Damn, you got a nice body honey."
A nice glow started burning inside Ginny. Tucker's praise and Ralphy's touch were working on her.
"Ginny how do you feel about Ralphy's mouth? It's kinda nice isn't it?"
"Yeah it is."
"Is there anything you'd like him to do with it?"
"Yeah. Is it okay?" she asked, her voice a little breathless.
"Sure honey, anything you wanna do's okay. Anything," Tucker said. His voice was calm. Almost hypnotic.
"First I wanna get outta this skirt. Is that all right?" Ginny asked.
Marsha rushed in and unzipped it. It was a full zipper, all the way down the side. Ginny hadn't seen one like that, but then she'd never hung around a porn studio before. She lifted her butt and Marsha whisked it away.
The whole time, through all the questions, Ginny had been looking at Ralphy's face. He looked kind of mesmerized by all that was happening, and the way Ginny was acting. She was siting on him wearing nothing but a white thong, and his mind was scrambled big time.
"Are we goin'?" Ginny asked Tucker.
"Yeah honey," Tucker said. "Don't even think about us. Just go whenever and wherever you wanna go. Ralphy's mouth was on your mind I think."
It was. Before all the questions Ginny had wanted him to suck on her tits. Ralphy wanted it too. But there was also the kissing thing. Too intimate maybe, since they were co-workers and all that shit. Funny how they thought kissing would be more intimate than sucking on those nice tits everyone was looking at. Thinking about it all just made things blurry again. Suddenly the blur was soft and wet —a super hot kiss, full of tons of stuff, but mostly lust. Intense, wicked hot lust.
Mouths together, tongues wrestling in the wetness, Ralphy's hands on Ginny's tits, Ginny's almost naked crotch grinding on the big cock again, Jamar circling — clicking, clicking, clicking.
Tucker knew when to stay out of the way. He and Chip and Marsha looked on, knowing there was some big heat happening. Tucker had done it before, brought co-workers that he 'had a feeling about' into the studio. The results were usually similar. Often they ended up fucking their brains out. Only time would tell if Ginny and Ralphy went that far.
The hot kiss migrated down Ginny's neck, and then that tit sucking they both wanted was underway. Ginny couldn't believe how good it felt, combined as it was with her pussy grinding on Ralphy's lump. It only took a minute or two for a big orgasm for nail her. It was a fuckin' wicked one.
Ralphy loved it. Ginny's body was alive like no woman he'd ever been with. He did his best to control himself. Cumming in his pants again would be too fucking embarrassing.
Ginny's orgasm, it made her a little wild. She had Tucker's voice in her head,"Anything you wanna do's okay. Just go where you wanna go", but mostly she just felt free. She was with a man who made her feel good. A man who cared about her and respected her. She had just cum hard in his lap with her tit in his mouth. She knew she had to feel that huge lump in his pants in a whole new way.
She slid herself off his lap onto the bench and quick as a wink her hand was on it, right up inside the leg of those nylon gym shorts. They were tented up big time, what with his massive hard-on and her hand up in there. Ralphy wanted to say "What the fuck!" but all he could do was groan.
Their eyes were locked together, like they couldn't look away, as Ginny stroked that big fuckin' cock. Stroked it with some authority.
When Jamar had worked all the angles Tucker spoke up, calling the next move.
"Chippy, get him outta those shorts."
Ralphy didn't object. Ginny got out of the way and gave Ralphy a deep kiss while Chip pulled off the offending clothing, then she put a tit back in his mouth. Her hand roamed all around Ralphy's abs and found his cock while he sucked and bit and licked her nipple. Chip retreated, warm gym shorts in hand.
Ginny pushed Ralphy down, flat on his back on the narrow bench. She walked her long legs over him, straddling his head. She looked down at him, just inches below her crotch, and slipped her hand inside her little white thong, fingering her pussy. As she stood there she could see Chip and Marsha and Tucker, all watching intently. She thought it odd how she didn't seem to care. Maybe it was the wig, and the glasses. She was hiding in plain sight. Her gaze dropped to Ralphy's big hard cock, patiently waiting for her on his belly. It twitched. Maybe it wasn't so patient.
The big question of the fleeting moment was the thong. On or off? Her mind was flooded with OFF, and off it came. Ralphy's mind was scrambled more than ever. He and Ginny, both naked as a son-of-a-bitch in a photo studio. Could anything be fuckin' crazier? He got his answer. Ginny sixty-nined him.
Turns out Ginny was a wild little motherfucker when she was young. Life in her forties and fifties had turned to shit, but back in her twenties? When she was twenty-three she hooked up with a thirty-five-year-old, and they had sometimes! He wanted to try every sexual position in the book, and he really had a book! Long story short, when Ginny was young she got fucked every which-way, and her sucky middle-aged life made her long for some of that old which-way.
Sixty-nine was a favorite back in those days. Guess you could say she had a bookmark on that page. It all came back to her like she'd never been away when Ralphy slipped his tongue into her pussy and her head went down on that big cock.Fuckit felt good!
Of course Ralphy, he'd never pictured Ginny being wild or anything. He fantasized about her, yeah, but picturing her doing this to him? No way. The whole thing was like an alternate reality or something. Way out there. He couldn't tell exactly what she was doing, but it sure felt like his cock was going way deep in her mouth. Super deep, and she was working the length of it with her hands too. She got so into sucking on it her glasses fell off her face. She just tossed them aside and Marsha swooped in to collect them.
So Ginny, she'd already cum. That big, full body event, sitting on Ralphy with her tit in his mouth. But Ralphy, he'd held out, so Ginny was on a mission to get him off. Big time. She wanted to reward him for making her feel like a woman again. So what happened? Ralphy blew like a geyser. She could feel it coming and let the first shot fly, as high in the air as she'd ever seen, and then she gobbled up the spewing shaft, letting it pump over and over and over again inside her hungry mouth.
Ralphy, he was high-pitch moaning so hard into her pussy it sounded like he was crying. The feel of that happening between her legs, and the sweet taste and throb of a gushing man put Ginny over the edge again. It was an out-of-nowhere orgasm that rocked her hard. Ralphy's was like that too. He'd never been rocked that hard in his life.
Jamar, he caught the whole wild, crazy thing on film, or whatever it is they use instead of film these days. Chip and Marsha, they were both wishing they were Ginny, sucking on that big geyser. And Tucker, he was just hoping Ginny and Ralphy didn't get freaked out by doing too much too soon. He wanted 'em back for more.
———————
"Order up!" Ralphy yelled.
Ginny collected the four plates, somehow holding them all in two hands. She winked at Ralphy when she caught his eye.
Funny how a wink can hit you like a gunshot. Just a few hours ago he was drinking Ginny's lady liquor straight from her pussy, and she was slurpin' up his jiz. Tucker was probably sitting there right now at his computer, looking at freeze frames of the 'money shot'.
Ralphy, he just didn't know what to think. He loved it, sure. Who the fuck wouldn't? But Ginny, she kept changing, day by day, like she was blossoming or something. Other folks probably didn't see it too much, other than the haircut, but Ralphy saw it plain as day. Was he falling in love? Jesus, that wouldn't be good.
"Ralphy, come talk to me honey," Ginny said.
She was sitting on a stool in the empty diner, after a late night rush had quieted down. She was sipping on a coffee, and Ralphy walked out of the kitchen with a bottle of water, moving kinda slow, not sure of what he should say.
"So that was fun today, huh," Ginny said with a twinkle. It was one of those big understatements, and Ralphy couldn't hold back a smile.
"Fuck Gin, are we in over our heads?" he said.
"It felt pretty good when I was over your head, that's all I know," Ginny giggled.
It was a sexy little giggle, like a teenaged girl. Ralphy's heart skipped a little. Damn she was cute! And since when did fifty-five-year-old women get 'cute'?
"Gin..."
"Ralphy, I know you're mixed up about this. I just wanna say I ain't never had such a good time in all my life. I mean that. And I had some wicked fuckin' good times a long time ago. But if you're fucked up too much about this, I don't wanna do that to you. We can knock it off, if that's what you think."
"No, I mean...I never had such a good time either. But Gin...it's in front of other people and cameras and shit. Aren't you freaked out by that? I mean they're nice and all, but..."
"Theyarenice. Ineedsome nice people in my life. I know that's no excuse for doin' what we're doin', but that's part of why I'm okay with it I guess. And you...well, lets say I ain't had a man touch me who I've had sort of a connection with in so long I can't even remember. Ralphy I...even if nothin' else happens, I'll never forget ya for doin' that for me. Makin' me feel like that. Like a woman again."
Ginny looked into Ralphy's eyes. He was speechless.
"Sorry Ralphy. This is all too much, isn't it?" Ginny said.
"Hey, I'm a big boy," Ralphy said. "Iammixed up, yeah, but shit, I got nothin' to worry about. You Gin...what about Gary and shit, you know? I worry about you, about that."
"Fuck that. Let me worry about that shit, and I'm not too worried. For one thing, nobody I know would ever believe it was me, and anyway, the disguise with the wig and the makeup and the glasses and shit, I hardly recognize myself.
"Yeah. It's somethin' else, I'll tell ya," Ralphy said.
"Oh, you like blondie? She fuckin' make you hot?" Ginny giggled.
"What makes me hot is seein'youunder there, and under there," he said, gesturing to her uniform.
Ginny's eyes twinkled again. A sexy smirk curled up on her lips.
"So we good?" she asked. "We goin' back to fairyland for more?"
"Yeah," Ralphy said, smiling a little, looking sexy as hell. "We're good."
"Just so ya know, I wanna go further than what we already did," Ginny said.
Ralphy's heart rate doubled.
"Further?" he said.
"Yeah. You know."
"Right there in front of people?"
"Yeah. Right there," Ginny said. "You know Tucker's gonna wanna put it on video, right? He thinks he's sneakin' up on us, but it's pretty easy to see that's what his devious mind's been anglin' for all along. It's a porn studio ya know."
"You sure you wanna do that Gin?"
"Ralphy, as long as you're with me, I'm all in."
———————
A thousand bucks a session. Five-hundred each. That's the deal they made with Tucker for video work. Tucker said, based on the chemistry he'd seen between them, they could come in a couple times a week if they wanted. If it stayed smokin' hot like the still pictures were, he'd pay 'em happily.
Ralphy and Ginny, they couldn't hardly wrap their heads around it. A thousand a week, on top of their diner pay? For fuckin'? Yeah, sign me up, they both said.
"If you want even more work I can set up some shoots with some other talent," Tucker said. "I got some guys that'd love to work with you Ginny."
She looked horrified for a quick second but hid it, and then she glanced at Ralphy.
"Yeah, no, I don't think I can do that," she said to Tucker.
"Think it over. No rush. How 'bout you Ralphy. I got some girls in mind for you."
Ralphy looked at Ginny. She was trying her best to give him a blank expression, but there was just a hint of something there.
"Maybe we can just keep it like this, huh? Me and Gin, like a team?"
"That's cool too," Tucker said. "You guys definitely got the chemistry together, that's for sure. Yeah, lets use it. So, we're all set then. Why don't you guys hit the dressing rooms. Marsha and Chip are waitin' for you. I'll see you out on set in a little bit."
Under the lights a little while later, Ralphy was in bed on a set made up to look like a hotel room. He was naked, with a sheet pulled up to his waist, reading a Playboy magazine. There was a knock on the door.
"Who is it?" he asked, kinda stiffly.
The door opened. It was Ginny, dressed like a maid. Her curly blonde wig had a hairnet on it and she had on different glasses. Cheaper, kind of old-fashioned looking things.
"Oh, sorry, I thought you said come in," she said. It was a pretty good line reading for a beginner.
"Oh, Yeah. You can come in," Ralphy said.
"I gotta change the sheets," Ginny said.
"I haven't got any clothes on," Ralphy said, fighting a smile.
"That's okay Mister," Ginny said. "I'll take mine off too, so we're even."
She and Ralphy burst out laughing. Chip and Marsha laughed too.
"All right," Tucker said with a chuckle. "Ginny, take it again from "That's okay Mister...""
"That's okay Mister. I'll take mine off too, so we're even."
She put down her bucket of cleaning supplies and unzipped her maid's dress. She stepped out of it, showing off her white lingerie — a sexy little bra, panties, garter belt and white stockings. She kept stripping until she had nothing on but the garter belt, stockings and white shoes.
She walked to the bed and pulled back the sheet. Ralphy's cock was in his hand, big and meaty and harder than fuck. They'd rehearsed the first part of the scene ten minutes before, with Ralphy in a robe and Ginny still in her clothes, so this part, from here on out, was all new. Tucker had told them to improvise. Do whatever felt right.
So there it was, Ginny's big time fantasy — Ralphy naked in bed. He looked like a dream. Ever since the big sixty-nine on the weight bench Ginny'd been waiting to get her hands on that meat again, dying to feel it, the way it throbbed in her hand, the way the heat poured off of it. She'd been waiting for a lot more too, the feel of it pounding into her, ripping her pussy right in two as it tried to find it's way to the middle of her insides. First things first though — that big fuckin' thing was goin' down her throat again.
Yeah, that's it. As soon as it went in she remembered that stuffed mouth feeling, like there was a live monster in there, a beast that she wasn't sure she could tame. She kinda hoped she'd never tame it. She wanted it to rattle the bars of it's cage, bend those bars right open and ravage the shit out of her. She could feel the energy in it as it slithered in and out of her throat. It was ready. Ready to rough her up good.
"Fuck me Mister," she said after she'd sucked the shit out of Ralphy. "Fuck me fuckin' hard."
Ralphy, he was as revved up as he'd ever been in his life. His whole body was on fire, like he was melting down before he even lit the match. Ginny was on her hands and knees, ready for anything. Just looking at her was almost too much for him.
Do whatever feels right, Tucker had said, so Ralphy licked Ginny's asshole. Yeah, that felt right. Then he fucked her pussy with his tongue, with his nose right up in that asshole. That felt right too.
Ginny, she had her head down and her arms out, clutching at the bedsheets. She writhed like a beautiful animal. A long-legged animal with one hell of an ass. Ralphy devoured the fuckin' thing with his mouth, and she came hard, just about losing her mind.
She was all shaky so Ralphy held her up on her knees. He knew he should give her a chance to recover but he just couldn't do it. He plowed his big cock into her, splitting that pretty pussy right in two, just like Ginny had dreamed. The orgasm she was winding down from reversed direction. Fast. Like somebody had slammed her back in gear and mashed the throttle.
Marsha, she just about had an orgasm of her own, watching the show. She'd been there on set plenty of times before, but watching Ralphy and Ginny was different somehow. She could tell there was a whole lotta shit there under the surface, visceral shit, and it was kinda fuckin' breathtaking.
So Ralphy's in deep — balls deep — fucking Ginny hard, and Ginny's cumming like a motherfucker. There's a crying moan that's flowing out of her open mouth like some kind of opera singer in an insane asylum or something. Ralphy, he's moaning too, almost howling. It got to the point where the whole fuckin' fake hotel room could have burst into flames and nobody would have wondered why.
———————
After a couple weeks of fucking Ralphy real nice in front of the cameras, Ginny was driving home one day with five-hundred clams in her hand when a Johnny Cash song came on the radio...
"I'm gonna break...I'm gonna break my...I'm gonna break my rusty cage and run."
His deep voice hit her right in her soul. She left Gary later that day and got a little apartment of her own. She rides to the studio in the Miata sometimes now, and doesn't worry so much about the wigs and glasses. The first time she fucked Ralphy looking like herself Ralphy just about howled again, and Marsha got the goosebumps just watching them.
So that's where we'll leave it, this story about Ginny and Ralphy. It was a summer in that rust belt city that was warmer than usual, and not quite as green as they sometimes are. Some days it got downright hot, hot enough to slippery-up your skin and raise your blood pressure a little. Ginny and Ralphy, they kinda liked it that way.