It was 10:30 PM before I finally left my son's house. His plane would be arriving about the same time I pulled my car into the garage at my own house, and he'd be on his way home shortly there after. By my best estimates, within the next hour and a half, he'd be mad at hell as me.
Hopefully, though, his anger would be a smidge less when he read the note I left for him on the counter in his kitchen, and then be a lot less when he read the note I left on his bed.
I tried to put myself in his place and think how I'd feel if I was him and it wasn't a pretty picture. I'd gone through my son's personal belongings – his drawers, his closets, his clothes – literally everything he had. I discovered his panties, my panties, my panties soaked with his dried cum, his silicone cock toy, and his stash of incest DVDs packed with all kinds of mother-son panty movies.
I dare say – he was not going to be a happy camper once he realized what I'd done.
But, as I explained in the note I left for him, it wasn't my intent to do all that. I was simply trying to do him a favor by cleaning his house while he was away, and I stumbled on all the panties. Then, I found the rest of it. I didn't go there with the notion to snoop or to assault his personal life. I was just trying to do something nice for my son, that's it.
I thought the note I left on his bed made a pretty good case for forgiveness, and in my stomach, I felt like I had a pretty good chance. I'd know for sure tomorrow if he showed up for lunch like he promised me on the phone.
I already decided I'd play it by ear tomorrow if he did come. I'd just play dumb, we'd have lunch and I'd ask him about his business trip and we'd be done with it. I had no intention of bringing up the panties, his shower cock toy, or any of the rest of it. If he brought it up, that would be a different story, but I wasn't going to do it. I didn't want him to think I loved him any less tomorrow than I did last week and so, I'd just keep quiet unless he brought it up.
Of course, in my notes, I didn't mention the fact that I'd watched one of his "Mommy's Panties" DVDs and masturbated on his bed, or that I got so wet watching it I leaked all over his sheets when I climaxed....... and I didn't tell him I used his cock toy in the shower not only in my pussy, but also in my ass. No, I didn't tell him any of that, and the reason I didn't was because I didn't think he needed to know. I surely wasn't going to ask him about his personal sexual activities, although once I found my sperm soaked panties in his bedroom, I had a pretty darn good idea what they were.
But, tomorrow would tell. If he showed up, then I guess it meant he forgave me. If he didn't, I'd have to do some groveling and try to patch things up because I wasn't going to live the rest of my life with a broken heart, or, with a broken hearted son.
I was sitting on my bed, thinking about how it might play out tomorrow. Just then, the phone rang. It was after 11, and the ring startled me. I was surprised to find it was Danny. His plane had gotten in early and he was almost at his house. But, he'd been bothered all day by my phone call this morning and was worried something was wrong.
"If you're still up, why don't I come by now?" He suggested. "I'm only fifteen minutes away. Is that okay?"
Wow, I wasn't ready for this. He was going to come here instead of going to his own house?
"Sure," I agreed, "have you eaten?"
"Nah," he replied, "but I'm not hungry."
"That's a lie." I answered. "Come on over and I'll find something for you to eat, then we can talk. You're always welcome here – any time, day or night, you know that."
After we hung up, I began to panic. Could I look him in the eyes when I saw him? Would I be able to see my son without wondering if he's wearing boxers or panties under his trousers? Maybe even wearing my panties under his trousers?
But as I thought about it, maybe this was good – maybe him coming here would give me a chance to ask a few subtle questions. Then, before I could stop myself, I got a more devious idea....... maybe this would give me a chance to actually see how interested he was in my panties, and in me.
I felt a squishy feeling between my legs and I ran into my bedroom, stripped off my shorts and pulled off the panties I borrowed from him house. Quickly, I started to throw them in my clothes hamper and then I realized I couldn't do that because he might come check my dirty clothes looking for panties to steal – and he'd find them! I sure as hell didn't want him to find a pair of panties at my house which he knew should be at his house.
So, I stuffed those panties under my pillow and went to my lingerie drawer for a fresh pair and then I realized I couldn't do that either! If I was really going to gauge his interest in my panties, I couldn't do it with fresh panties. Thinking fast, I looked down into my hamper and found the panties I wore the day before yesterday and looked down inside them. Fortunately, they were clean enough to wear again, so I slipped them on, and then made sure I pushed the crotch panel up between my pussy lips so they'd be fragrant and start to get moist. I wanted them to be insanely irresistible for him.
Then, taking my plan further in my head, I reached into my dirty clothes hamper and pulled everything out, dumping it all on the floor of my bedroom. Carefully, I looked through the pile and counted how many panties were in there. Then I arranged the pile in a way that clearly showed there were panties mixed in amongst the other clothes. I stood back and looked at the beginnings of my devious trap, and I smiled a mischievous grin. But, this would be just a part of how I'd temp him. The second part would be even more enticing and the third part should send a clear message to him – a message he'd understand better once he got home and read my note.
My mind was firmly made up. And without another thought, or an ounce of guilt, I promised myself I'd give my son a night to remember – a panty night to remember, courtesy of his mother.
I could feel the wetness building inside my pussy. Standing there in my bedroom, knowing full well what I was about to do, and how it might affect him, I lowered my hand down to my crotch and ran my fingers up and down the pantied crease between my pussy lips. "Yes!" I moaned in satisfaction. I was getting wet. Abundantly wet. I could feel it starting to saturate the material of my panties and without giving it a second thought, I rubbed myself for several seconds, forcing more of the panty's crotch panel between my lips and directly into the seeping wetness of my vagina.
"These," I said to myself, "will probably push him over the edge when he finds them."
I heard his knock on the door as I was standing there touching myself. I reached for my shorts, pulled them up my legs and stepped back into my sandals. I quickly checked myself in the mirror and then grinned cleverly as I went to let him in. This elaborate plot, if I pulled it off, would allow him to be alone with several pairs of my panties, including the ones I was wearing now. If it all went according to plan, he'd have a good fifteen or twenty minutes alone with them, making it easy for him to enjoy himself. If the way I was leaking was any indication, they'd be a dripping mess by the time he got them.
I arrived at the door just as he was about to knock again. As usual, he hugged me as he came through the door. But this time, his hug felt different to me. With what I now knew about him, and what I was going to do tonight, I found it hard to hug him in a motherly way.
"Come on," I said, stepping away from his hug, "let's see what we can find in the kitchen for you to eat."
"Mom," he replied, "you don't need to do this. I'm not hungry."
"No more of that, Danny." I said, shaking my finger at him. "It won't take long and you need to eat something." Then, I paused for a minute and said, "Besides, you know I'd do anything for you. Don't ever forget that, sweetheart."
He smiled sweetly at me and then I said, "How about a scrambled egg sandwich? Will that hold you over for a while?"
I knew he'd love that idea. They were one of his favorites – I even taught Emily how to make it for him, just the way he liked it. But, since their divorce, I doubt he'd had very many. His eyes lit up and he came over toward me, saying, "I miss those, you know."
Seeing a chance to send him a subtle message, I replied, "I bet you do, buster." Then, looking up at him and squinting my eyes, I smiled and added, "And, if you don't come over more often so I can make them for you, you're going to be in big trouble. You're not too big for me to pull your undies down and give you a good spanking, you know!"
Danny smiled and put his hands on his hips. "Well, I wouldn't want that!" He said, laughing.
So, continuing my kidding tone, I said, laughing with him, "Grown man, or not – you better listen to your mother or face the consequences, kiddo. I wouldn't think twice about spanking your bare butt and making you stand in the corner."
Danny laughed, and I didn't take it any further, especially since I knew what I had planned for him tonight. Then, he'd go home and see what I'd done at his house, read my notes and realize I knew his secrets. Tonight I would plant the seeds in his head which I hoped would grow into something special between us.
I busied myself with his beloved scrambled egg sandwich while we made small talk. He stood beside me and told me about the obnoxious woman he sat next to on the plane, and how she talked endlessly about her stupid job, her stupid boss and her stupid customers. As we chatted, it was more like we were friends joking around with each other and I let him talk, looking over at him to smile and laugh.
When I finished making his sandwich, I knew it was time to put my plan into action. I felt a flutter in my stomach, and wondered if I had the nerve to go through with everything I had planned. In any event, it was time start the ball rolling.
Setting the sandwich down on my kitchen table, I looked up at my son and said, "Danny, would you mind terribly if I went to take a shower while you eat? I've been cleaning house all day and I feel grimy."
"Sure, go ahead." He said, pouring himself a glass of milk.
"You don't have to run off right away, do you?" I asked. "I have to wash my hair and shave my legs – it might take me a few minutes. Do you mind?"
Pulling out a chair and sitting down in front of his sandwich, he answered, "Naw, go ahead. I don't have to be anywhere."
I leaned down and kissed his cheek as he started to take a bite. Then, ruffling his hair like I used to do when he was nine, I told him to make himself at home.
I walked out of the kitchen, up the stairs, down the hall and into my bedroom with a grin on my face bigger than Rohde Island. Butterflies filled my stomach as I put my panty plan in play.
First, I went to my dresser, looking for the "World's Best Mom" sleepshirt one of the kids bought me years and years ago. It had a design on the front along with the words "World's Best Mom", but the back was plain white. The thing about this sleepshirt was - it was made of t-shirt material, and it had been worn and washed hundreds of times. It was so thin, I quit wearing it because it wasn't decent any more. And that's exactly why I wanted it now.
Next, I went to my lingerie drawer and pulled out my hot pink bikini panties, the ones with the tiny rows of ruffles all across the back side. They fit me tightly, and that's the exact look I wanted. These panties would definitely show through the back of the sleepshirt, and he'd have no trouble making out the ruffles across my butt, either. From the front, though, he'd never notice a thing. It would be excellent eye candy for him.
The only draw back to this sleepshirt was going to be my breasts. Because it was so thin, my breasts, and in particular - my nipples, would be clearly visible to him. Well, since I was absolutely sure he'd seen his wife's nipples and the nipples of other females, and he knew I was a female, he'd have to expect I had nipples, too. Right?
That solved the nipple problem.
Next, I went into my bathroom and laid the clean, pink panties out in the middle of the counter top, between the two sinks where they'd be plainly obvious to anyone that came into that bathroom. Then, I reached into the drawer under the counter, found my hair scissors, and pulled open the cabinet for a new razor. Looking around to see if I had everything ready, I went to the next step of my tantalizing panty plan.
I couldn't believe I was getting ready to do what I was going to do. It was shameful, disgraceful and appalling, but, it was necessary if my plan was going to work like I hoped. Taking a deep breath, I pulled my shirt over my head and laid it on the bed, and then quickly pulled my shorts off and put it with my shirt. Standing there in my bra and panties, I turned to look at myself in the full length mirror. I could see the crotch of my panties were still creased up between my pussy lips, but, I wanted it to be more pronounced – I wanted it to be immediately noticeable and unforgettable to my son. When he saw me, I wanted the vision of my panties pushed up between my labia to be burned into his brain for ever and ever.
Reaching down, I rubbed myself a few times to make the crease bigger. In doing so, I found the crotch of my panties were sopping wet from the anticipation of this moment, and the moment when he found them. The excitement that swarmed over me at that second was incredibly intense, and it acted like a drug to block my inhibitions, giving me strength to do what I had to do next.
Checking my hair and the way I looked one more time, I walked to the doorway of my room and peeked down the hall toward the steps leading down to the landing just outside the kitchen. After listening for a second, and making sure he was still sitting at the kitchen table eating his sandwich, I stepped out into the hall and walked all the way to the top of the stairs dressed only in my bra and panties.
"Danny?" I called.
I was just about to call his name a second time when he appeared through the doorway from the kitchen and looked directly up the stairs – right at me.
"Mom!" He exclaimed after a brief second, and then ducked back inside the kitchen. "I'm sorry! I didn't know you weren't dressed."
"I thought you were just going to yell up to me from the table." I replied, acting surprised and embarrassed. I paused for a second, and then added, "There's no one here but you and me, so who cares. Come on out."
Slowly, my son crooked his head around the door frame and looked up at me. "Oh, please......" I said derisively, putting my hands on my hips and making a face at him, "don't be so melodramatic. It's no different than a bathing suit, Sweetheart."
Danny finally came out and looked up at me. I didn't want this to last too long, so as soon as he came out I said, "There's a bottle of my favorite white wine lying on its side in the refrigerator. When you're done eating, would you mind pouring me a glass and brining it up? It should be cold enough by now. Pour yourself one, too."
It was like he was frozen. His eyes were focused directly on my crotch. Immediately, I got a surge of excitement that zapped me like a thousand little pin pricks all over my body as I stood there letting him look at my creased panties. It was a magnificent feeling, mixed with a sting of terror, to stand there and allow my son to stare at the object of his fascination. Even more so when I knew he'd have his chance to actually hold these same panties in his hands in just a few minutes.
"Yeah...... uh.... I mean, yes." He answered in a daze. "In the refrigerator. The wine. Okay."
Knowing I'd gotten the exact reaction I was looking for, I thanked him nonchalantly, turned around and unceremoniously strolled back to my bedroom. Once inside, I gasped for breath and put my hands in front of my mouth so I wouldn't scream.
"No!" I admonished myself. "I didn't do that! Tell me I didn't just do that!"
But, I did. And, I knew I'd just set in motion a chain of events I'd have a hard time backing out of, now. Do or die, it was time for the next step.
Leaving the door to my bedroom completely open, I faced the door, reached around, and unhooked my bra. I had no idea if Danny was in the process of pouring the wine and bringing it up at this exact second, or, if he was still eating his sandwich. It didn't matter to me because my mind was made up. Sliding the bra down my arms and away from my chest, I laid it on top of my shirt and shorts, and then I casually put my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and quickly drew them down my legs.
Acting as if I wasn't in any hurry at all, I remained facing the opened door and took my time folding my sodden panties in half and then tossing them on top of my bra, and the rest of the clothes I'd just been wearing. Then, as though I didn't have a care in the world, I slowly strolled into the bathroom – leaving that door open, too, and turned the shower on.
When I hatched my plan, I knew there had to be a sense of realism to the way I was setting all this up. So, if he came up with the wine right away, I'd act appropriately 'embarrassed' and 'surprised' when he caught me naked, but, it was too risky just to loiter in my room naked, waiting for him to come up. He'd get suspicious if he came up ten minutes from now and saw I hadn't gotten in the shower yet. I said I was going to take a shower, wash my hair and shave my legs, and that's what I was going to do. More or less.
As the water ran, I picked up the scissors and my razor, and, I was about to step into the shower when I figured I better make something of an effort to close the bathroom door, or at least swing it closed against the latch. I opted for the latter; leaving the door opened a fraction of an inch, hoping it would provide him a little enticement further along in my plan.
Stepping into the shower, I quickly set to work with the scissors. Grabbing handful after handful of my unkept pubic hair, I pulled it away from my body and cut it as close to the skin as I could. The frosted glass shower doors wouldn't allow him to see anything except a flesh colored blob behind the glass, so there's no way he'd be able to tell what I was doing, other than standing there. So, I kept on – snipping and trimming until I'd cut away all the long hairs between my legs and let it wash down the drain.
It had been a while since I'd trimmed myself. With no man in my life since my divorce, there was no need to keep myself attractive down there, so I just let it grow. But now, it was crucial to parts of my plan to be hairless – just like the actors on his DVDs, so I began the task of shaving myself. I took extra care not to nick my pussy, rinsing the razor after each swipe. Shaving my pussy in the shower was a bit more difficult than doing it in a bath tub, but I'd done it before. I kept glancing through the opaque shower doors, wondering if Danny had made his way upstairs with my wine yet. Actually, to be more truthful, I was wondering if he'd come across the pile of dirty clothes in the middle of my floor with the cleverly hidden panties, or if he'd seen the make-shift pile of clothes on the bed – the ones I just took off with the wringing wet panties he'd seen me in.
I knew there was no way be wouldn't be affected by the things I'd do tonight. I'd already let him see me in my bra and panties. There were several pairs of worn panties in the pile on the floor, and the panties on the bed were so wet, they actually felt heavy in my hands. Plus, I set my new panties out on the counter of the bathroom, and I was taking a shower with the door open. That should be enough to get his motor running.
It didn't take me long to finish shaving my puss, and despite doing it in the shower, I'd done a good job and it felt nice to be pretty down there again. I hoped my son would appreciate it, too.
Shaving my legs only took a few minutes. I can do that with my eyes closed by now, and, as I checked my shins and calves for stubble, it felt nice to be doing this – preparing myself to be seen in a feminine way by a man; by my son.
I set the razor aside and reached for my apricot shampoo. Loading my palms up with enough shampoo for my long, brown hair, I brought my hands to my head and began to breathe in the luxuriating scent as the lather grew and grew. With my back to the water and my head tilted forward, I scrubbed my hair as I wondered what Danny was doing. I'd been in the shower at least ten minutes by now – surely enough time for him to finish his sandwich, open the wine bottle and bring me a glass of wine.
No sooner than I had this thought, I heard a knock on the bathroom door. "Mom?" Danny said through the small opening. "I've got your wine."
"What?" I called out loudly, as if I didn't hear him.
What I wanted him to do was push the door open so he could see the pink panties on my counter top and figure out on his own they were the ones I was planning to wear after my shower. Plus, letting him see my naked form behind the frosted glass wouldn't hurt, either.
He spoke louder this time. "I've got your wine." He said. Then he asked, "Where do you want me to put it?"
I had to be careful here. I needed a way to accomplish three things in the couple of minutes, but, they had to seem 'spur of the moment' or he'd start to see through my plan.
"In here is fine." I replied, a little louder than I needed to. "Just put it down by the sink."
He'd have to push the door open and walk into the bathroom in order to do it. When he did, I knew he'd look at the shower to see if he could see me – that was just human nature. I knew he couldn't see anything specific, except a nebulous flesh colored form, but, I bent over as close to the door as I could, letting my breasts swing down below my chest thinking he'd might be able to make out what he was looking at.
Turning my head, I could see well enough through the door from my side to know he was standing at the counter, probably looking down at the frilly panties I was going to put on. For a second, I wondered what was going on in his mind, and if he'd be able to withstand the pressure I was heaping on him.
Just as I saw he was leaving the bathroom, I yelled out, "Danny!"
"I'm right here." My son answered. "I was just leaving."
"Oh, sorry! I thought you were gone." I said, then continuing, I added quickly, "Would you mind handing me the wine so I can take a sip?" I asked. "I can't step out right now, I've got shampoo all over me."
It was true. I had shampoo heaped all over my head and it was running down my body, front and back. When he didn't answer immediately, I said, "I'll just stick my hand out. Can you hand it to me?"
"Yeah," he answered, "Okay."
Now, one of he interesting things about these frosted shower doors is that if you press against it, they become almost translucent. As long as you don't touch the glass, it does a good job of providing privacy, but once you touch it, someone on the other side could see fairly well. Knowing that, it played into my plan perfectly.
"Just hold on a second so I don't embarrass myself." I replied. Then, pressing my body up against the glass, as if I was using it as a shield to protect my modesty, I pulled the door open just enough to stretch my arm through. I made sure my breasts and hips were touching the glass and I knew he'd be able to see the fullness of my breasts and my dark nipples clearly, as well as the absence of hair between my legs. Maybe, if I was lucky, he'd be able to make out my vagina and see the outline of my pussy lips, too.
"I've got soap in my eyes." I said, wiggling my outstretched hand, waiting for him to put the wine glass in it.
"Here." I heard him say, and then a second later, I felt his fingers graze against mine and he pressed the glass into my hand.
"Thanks." I said, pulling the wine glass into the shower with me. "Hold on a second, I'll hand it right back. I just wanted a sip."
To make it look like I was struggling with a head full of lather and a wine glass, I arched my back away from the frosted door so I could take a sip. In doing that, my pelvis pressed against the glass even tighter and I knew he'd be able to see the slit of my pubic mound. I took a sip of the cool wine, and then a much bigger gulp, almost emptying the wine glass and then handed it back out to him and quickly closed the door.
"A sip, huh?" He said to me. "It's almost gone, Mom."
"Well, I was thirsty." I said back to him. "Do you mind topping it off when you get a chance? There's no hurry, but, I'd like some more while I'm drying my hair."
Trying to think of a reason to keep him in there with me for as long as possible, I asked, "Did you have some?"
"Yes, I poured myself a glass, too." He replied. "It's pretty good. You have excellent tastes in wine."
"Hey, Sweetheart?" I called out.
"Could you do me a favor?" I asked. "Kind of help save me some time?"
"Of course, Mom." He said.
"There's a pile of dirty clothes on my floor. They need to go down to the laundry room. Can you just take them down and toss them on the floor next to the washer for me?" I asked.
"Oh, sure." He answered. "No problem."
Then, wiping the shampoo from my face quickly, I slid the frosted door open enough to stick my head out and then leaned into it again.
He was about to leave, and I caught him just as he was reaching for the door knob.
"Can I have the wine again?" I asked. When he turned to look at me, I smiled and tilted my head in a cute way. "Might as well finish it off." I added.
He handed me the wine glass, and shook his head as he smiled at me. I drank the rest of it as he stood no more than two feet from me. Taking the last swallow, I handed him the empty wine glass and pushed my breasts tightly against the frosted shower door.
"Hey, can you also get those clothes on the bed and take them down, too?" I asked him, adding, "Pretty please?"
Danny told me he would and then turned to leave.
"Leave the door open a little, would you?" I called out as I closed the shower door. "The fan is broken and I'm starting to get hot. I need a little cool air in here."
I waited just a second and then I yelled out, "And, don't forget my wine, Sweetheart."
I bent my head under the running water and thought about what I'd just done. Effectively, I'd just exposed myself to my son. I knew he'd be able to get glimpses of my body if I pressed against the frosted glass, so what I did was no accident. I did it on purpose – I wanted to tease him, I wanted him to see my nipples and I wanted him to see I was clean shaven down there, just like the actors in his DVDs.
Like I said – I was going to make this a night to remember for him.
I rinsed my hair twice and let the conditioner sit while I washed my body. Pretty soon, I was done and ready to get out. I slid open the shower door just enough to see if he'd brought back my wine glass, but, he hadn't. The bathroom door was open about an inch – a perfect set up for the next phase of my plan.
Determined to take this as far as I could without doing anything completely obvious, I turned the water off and slid the shower door all the way open and stood there in plain sight of the opened door. Reaching to the towel rack, I bent over and wrapped my wet hair in a towel. Then, ignoring the fact that the bathroom door was open, I stepped out on the bath mat and took my time drying my body. I don't usually use the after bath spray I keep on the counter, but, I did this time. Just a touch between my breasts.
As I took my time, I thought about all the things Danny could be doing right now. Maybe he was behind the door, watching me – staying out of sight, but looking through the crack at his naked mother. The idea of it excited me to no end. But, what excited me more was the thought of my son with those sopping wet panties. Did he have them in his hand right now? Was he sniffing them? Was he sucking or licking them? Did he have them wrapped around his cock and was he masturbating feverishly?
So far, my plan was going fine. I was sure he hadn't put all the coincidences together – at least not yet. He had no idea all these seemingly accidental things were really a setup for his benefit. I'm sure he just thought he'd had some extremely good luck tonight, but, I wasn't done yet. My goal was to drive him into total mother and panty overload.
Of course, I'd given some thought to how it might end tonight and I came up with two possible ways it could end. First, I'd tease him incessantly and he'd go home tonight with a throbbing erection and a matching desire to take care of it, and I really liked that idea – it would take some of the bite out of his anger when he found out what I'd done at his house. Then later, he'd see my notes and think about what happened tonight and probably put it all together. He'd realize I set him up tonight, and that could make our conversation tomorrow a lot easier for him to bear.
Or, the other way it could end was, I'd tease him incessantly and he'd end up staying here for the night and then I'd treat him to a lot more teasing, a lot more eye candy and then I'd have to decide how much further to take it. Eventually, he'd have to go home, I knew that, and when he did I knew he'd be smart enough to add it all up.
Banking on the fact he was probably busy jerking himself off in the laundry room with my panties right now, I confidently opened the bathroom door all the way and walked out into my bedroom. Sure enough, both piles of my dirty clothes were gone. I giggled to myself, visualizing my son leaning up against the washing machine – holding himself up with one hand while he stroked his cock with the other. I could probably sneak down there quietly and creep up on him and watch, but, I wanted him to have some quality time and really enjoy the nice presents I gave him. So, I was content to stick to my plan and move to the next tease.
I needed to dry my hair, and any other time, I'd do it in my underwear, or naked. But, I wanted to use the opportunity to tease him some more. It was still too warm and humid in the bathroom after my shower, so, reaching in to pick up my ruffled panties from the bathroom counter, I walked again to the center of my bedroom, faced the door and stood there naked and hairless. If he came up – fine. I'd just make the excuse that I was finished drying off and ready to get dressed and he'd pass it off as purely another coincidence.
I stood there for a minute in my nakedness and listened closely for any sounds from down stairs, but there was nothing. What was he doing down there? My fingers dropped to my pussy and I began to slowly rake my fingertips through my smooth lips and around my clit. I closed my eyes, wishing he'd come up the stairs right now and see me touching myself; wishing he'd stand in the doorway and watch me. And, as this nasty thought made its way through my head, I got bolder – and still with my eyes closed, I dipped my finger into my pussy, feeling the warm, slippery wetness engulf first one, and then two fingers.
I kept it up, touching myself for three or four minutes, hoping I'd open my eyes and he'd be standing there, maybe with my wet panties held to his nose, or even better, maybe he'd be masturbating. I clinched my eyes shut for another few seconds and then opened them suddenly after making a special wish he'd be standing there, but, he wasn't.
I was a little sad, but, there was still so much more to do to him. I'd only barely gotten started.
To be continued.