I lay down on the bed, stunned by what had just happened. What was Lance up to and what was in the envelope downstairs in the kitchen? Although I wasn't concerned about that too much at the moment; I was more concerned about how Lance knew where I was staying. I thought I had been extra careful not to give out the address of the beach house since he had surprised me the first time we met. I don't like being caught off guard and I certainly don't like being controlled.
Prolonging the reading of the letter, I chose a long bubble bath before I would check my email or read the letter on the counter. As I ran my hot bubble bath, I thought of Bailey. I needed to get my phone from the other bedroom where I had done my unpacking. I strolled naked to the other bedroom and found it on the dresser. I picked it up and immediately dialed Bailey's personal cell.
Bailey answered, "Well hello stranger. I was wondering when you would get around to calling me back. I just checked your flights and beach rental reservation on my computer to see if the receipts were ready. All receipts are printing now for your expense report. I have it right here on my computer screen."
"Bailey, stop talking for a minute and listen to me!" I said urgently.
"What crawled up your ass?" she asked.
"I don't know! That is why I am calling you." I continued with a tone of fear and desperation.
Bailey had a soothing way about her and said, "OK, now calm down and tell me what happened."
I put her on speaker phone and slid in the bath tub full of bubbles so I could relax and gather my thoughts. I told her exactly what had happened after we last spoke. Bailey was as surprised as I was. She thought Lance seemed to be a gentleman, understanding, and attentive. She had listened to enough of our phone conversations. Of course, she could only get my end of the discussions, but nothing seemed to alarm her.
"How could he have known where I was staying?" I asked, hoping she would know something, anything!
She said, "Don't you remember your last phone call with him? He asked if you could leave work and pick him up at the airport or if he needed to get a rental car. You told him that you should be able to pick him up but just in case you couldn't get away from work, you gave him the address of the beach house."
"Oh that's right. That son of a bitch! What is his thing about surprises and what is he doing dispatching someone else to fuck me and providing an audience? I know he is a wealthy man and can afford to do such a thing, but why? Is it because when we talked on the phone and he would offer to buy me things, I refused? He knows I make a good living and don't need to be supported by a man. I choose to be single." I said, thinking out loud.
Bailey said, "Hold on Joanie. Your receipts are in the print room and I need to go get them before one of the other assistants gets to them; especially Randall's bitch. She would have those copied and on his desk so fast that no one would ever know." I heard some talking in the background and Bailey said, "I will call you right back."
I continued to soak in the tub with some satisfaction. At least I knew how Lance had the address to the beach house. How could I have let that out? Now there were just three unanswered questions. Who did I fuck, why had Lance sent him, and what had my mysterious lover mean when he said, "Tell Lance this one is on the house?" It was taking Bailey a while to call me back and my water was starting to get cold so I finished my bath and got out, dried off and put on my short silk robe from the closet and headed downstairs.
As promised, there was the envelope on the counter, but I wasn't ready to touch it. I went straight for my laptop to see if Cory, Lance or Sam had emailed me. Opening my computer, I expected to hear from Sam and Cory but felt as though I would not see another email from Lance. To my surprise, I had emails from all three.
I opened Cory's first. He simply said, "Wednesday night will be perfect and thank you for letting me spend the night. I will make it worth your while."
I wrote him back, "Meet me at the Boardwalk Pier on Carolina Beach at 7pm." I was much more careful writing the email with that envelope sitting on the counter reminding me of what can happen if I get sloppy again. I gave no phone number to Cory, only a place and time to meet.
I opened Sam's email next. His email was much longer. He wrote, "Joanie, I am available to Skype Tuesday afternoon but I want it to be an exciting preview of what I can expect with you in person so I have a few requests if you are willing. You had mentioned that you would be in Wilmington this week and staying at the beach. I enjoy sex in semi public places, especially outdoors. I'm quite an exhibitionist and a voyeur as well. I would like you to find a place on the beach to Skype with me. Lay out a blanket in the sand; bring your toys and your laptop. Late afternoon would be great with the sun shining on your naked body after you strip for me and I find you wearing nothing but nipple clamps after your last piece of clothing is removed. Please let me know if 4pm works for you. Will you do all the things I request or do I ask too much? If you're willing, we can do these things together when we meet in person. I look forward to hearing from you."
Sam had a great idea. I had never had a Skype session with anyone in a semi public place. I had done some from my office but mostly I did my Skype sessions from my bed. This could really prove to be an exhilarating experience. My only hang up was the nipple clamps. I hadn't used any on myself in a long while and I didn't have them with me so I would need to stop at the adult toy store after work for a new set. "What the hell." I thought. I could leave work around noon and make sure I had a nice spot picked out, toys ready, computer charged, high definition web cam tested and ready to go. Then I realized another hold up, the wireless internet access. If I went much farther than my deck, I'd lose signal. I thought about that and decided that the very lounger that I was tanning in earlier would be perfect. It was obviously public enough. I would be visible from the beach and from neighbors' houses. I also decided to check the envelope before I sent my reply to Sam. I needed to make sure Lance wasn't fucking with me.
I sat there for a few minutes trying to decide if I should open the email from Lance or envelope first. I chose the envelope and set my laptop down. I realized as I reached for the envelope that Bailey hadn't called back yet, but shrugged it off. It was Monday and the office in Houston is always overwhelmingly busy on Mondays. I set the envelope on the couch and fixed myself a stiff drink and thought of my beach rental agent, Angela. She stocked the last two beach rentals well for me including an extensive bar that I needed desperately at the moment.
I poured myself Vodka with a splash of orange juice and set down on the couch and opened the white envelope that was marked "Joanie" on the outside. I took a long hard drink and removed the contents of the envelope. It was a letter from Lance just as my lover had implied. It read, "My Dearest Joanie, I hope you enjoyed my gift this afternoon. I couldn't be there to do it myself and since you won't allow me to buy you things; I thought the least I could do was arrange an exciting welcome to the beach house that we will share later in the week. I hope to hear all about it and maybe even have a reenactment of the sex you shared with Reggie. He is a great guy that I met when you and I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott. I gave him a handsome tip along with my card and told him to call me for some work I had coming up. If you will recall, he was the gentleman that waited on us at the beach. He set up our chairs, umbrella, brought us drinks, lunch, etc. He is on my staff now to help you with anything you need when you are in town. I had my secretary make him some business cards. There is one enclosed. Should you need anything and I am not there, please call Reggie. He will take care of any need you could possibly have."
I picked up my glass and downed the last of my drink. My hand was shaking so I fixed myself another drink and went back to the letter. Lance had the audacity to sign the letter "All My Love, Lance".
I downed my second drink as I set Reggie's business card on the coffee table, got up and fixed another drink. I was still shaking. "He has hired a spy to keep an eye on me, fuck me, and make me his kept woman. Is that what this is? Am I being paranoid? What do I really know about Lance and why hasn't Bailey called me back? I'm in a panic!" I thought. I slammed my third vodka of the night and made a fourth.
The alcohol was starting to kick in. I leaned back in the sofa with my drink and laughed to myself. "Boy, Lance makes Randall look like a walk in the park. The only difference between the two is that I seem to like Lance, for some reason." I said to the empty room. Just as I set my glass down, my phone rang. It was Bailey finally. I asked "What took you so long?"
"Ramona was having trouble with one of the printers and I had to make three trips from my desk to the printer room to get your reservation receipts printed. Apparently, we were using the same printer at the exact same time and something must have gone haywire." she explained. "Randall was having a fit with Ramona, demanding that she get his documents first and that I would just have to wait. I don't know how you work with that man, Joanie." Bailey said with an exasperated sigh.
I said, "He is small change, Honey. Wait til you hear this letter that was in the envelope." I read the letter to Bailey. This answered who I had fucked and why Reggie said to tell Lance this one was 'on the house'. Reggie was on Lance's payroll but I still didn't have the answer to why Lance hired him and sent him. "Bailey, all I have is speculation at this point and I still haven't opened his email." I told her about Cory and Sam. She agreed with me that they seemed harmless and to have some fun.
Bailey sighed and said, "Reply to Sam for heaven's sake and get Lance off your mind for a bit. Think about the nipple clamps you will buy tomorrow, maybe even get some new lingerie and a new toy or two, and then open Lance's email." Bailey continued "Joanie, you are a strong willed and smart woman. Don't let Lance get to you. Play along and have some fun with Reggie if you want. Send him on errands and get him out of the way when you Skype tomorrow." I agreed and let Bailey get back to work.
I emailed Sam back about our Skype session. "Sam, I will be ready with everything you requested and will be outside on my sun deck so I don't lose internet. See you tomorrow at 4pm." After sending the email, I did some quick research and was pleased to find a number of lingerie and adult stores in the area. I noted a few addresses in my phone and then resigned myself to the next task.
I opened Lance's email finally. He wrote, "I hope you enjoyed my gift. Let me know if it was too much or not enough. Thinking of you always....Lance."
I replied, "Lance, Thank you for the gift. I did enjoy it and will be using it as you desire. When I see you Thursday you will have to explain more about my gift. I need to know how often I can use it and how long the gift will be available. Missing you...Joanie"
As I set the laptop on the table next to the sofa, I decided to do as Bailey suggested and get Reggie to run some errands while I do Sam on Skype tomorrow. I wondered just how deep Reggie was on Lance's payroll. For example, I had to wonder if Reggie would be following me tomorrow and reporting back to Lance where I work, that I took off early, and went to the adult toy store. I decided I'd just beat Reggie to the punch tomorrow. I would tease Lance while I was shopping with picture texts that were sure to keep him distracted. For some reason, I started to think about a road trip I took with Bailey a few years ago as the fourth drink hit me hard. I settled back into the sofa as it nearly swallowed me. "Wow, this couch is amazing." I thought.
Bailey and I were on a rare road trip together. We were in her minivan because it was more comfortable for long trips than either of my cars. I was in the back of the minivan, changing from road trip clothes to a sexy little black dress to go dancing in. We were on the road and since Bailey was driving, I was the first to change my clothes. We were stopped at a red light and there was no one around so I pulled my t-shirt up over my head. As I did, I heard a click followed by Bailey's evil laugh, the laugh that meant trouble for all concerned. I quickly used the shirt to cover my bare breasts. "That had better not mean you just did what I think you just did." I said, already knowing the truth.
"Well, if you think I just took a picture of your tits with my phone, you're right. Don't worry though, Honey. It's for my eyes only. He he he." Bailey said with an evil grin.
"It's for your eyes only, huh? Yeah right. Yours and whoever you show it to is more like it." I said, smiling.
"Oh now you know I wouldn't show any picture of you to anyone you didn't want to see it. I just look at them when I need a masturbation aid." Bailey said, looking in the rearview mirror and laughing at the expression on my face.
"You get off looking at the crazy pictures you are always taking of me?" I asked, surprised enough to drop my shirt in my lap.
"Oh, Girl, you have no idea how many times I've been this close and just looking at your picture sends me over the edge. You know I love you. I always have and I always will." she admitted as we sped away from the stop light.
I leaned forward and gently wrapped my arms around her from behind in an affectionate hug. "Bailey, I love you too. You are my best friend and I could never replace you if I were ever to lose you." I said softly into her ear. Then the devil in me took over, and my hands began to wander. By the time they stopped moving, one hand had found its way onto her leg and was snaking its way under her skirt and the other hand had settled on her breast and was massaging and squeezing.
"If you keep that up, lady, I will be forced to pull over someplace and let you eat my pussy until I cum." Bailey moaned as she spread her legs.
"Well then I guess you better find a spot because it is you who owes me a nice juicy orgasm for that picture before I do anything for you." I said, smiling as I started tugging her shirt up over her head as she came to a stop at the next intersection.
She squealed as her shirt came up over her head and revealed to me that she wasn't wearing a bra. "Oh you bitch! It's a good thing that it's dark out here. We could get pulled over for me driving topless around here." she exclaimed as she quickly looked around.
I laughed and looked around. I spotted a dark parking lot at what looked like an abandoned factory ahead and to the right. "Pull in over there, on the right. It looks pretty dark. The van will be all but invisible from the road unless someone turns into the lot." I said as I put her shirt on the passenger seat. Then I sat back and proceeded to take my skirt and panties off. By the time she got us parked in the dark corner I'd suggested, I was lounging on the back seat of the van with one leg up, and one leg on the floor, playing with my already wet pussy. Semi-public sex always got me hot.
Bailey turned in her seat to find me already naked and playing with myself and she smiled. "You see, this is just what I love about you. You are horny at the drop of a hat. Hold that pose." she said, and then to my surprise turned on the dome light.
It was all I could do not to hide when that light came on. I fought the urge to drop to the floor and let her take not just one, but half a dozen pictures in various poses, laughing the whole time. She turned the light off quickly and the whole thing had taken maybe 30 seconds. "There you go, you spoiled little sex kitten. Those pictures should bring you much happiness in the future. Now get naked and get back here and get me off." I ordered, smiling.
Bailey didn't waste any time kneeling in front of me and taking her own skirt off. She shocked me again with the fact that not only had she not worn a bra, she had no panties on and had shaved her pussy bald. I looked at it and licked my lips. "You like it? I did it last night. It's what caused the fight with the asshole. He said it made me look like a little girl and wasn't about to pretend to be a pedophile. I reminded him that technically he was a pedophile the first night we hooked up because I was only 17 and he was 20. Then I told him that he wouldn't have to worry about it anyway because after a comment like that, he wasn't going to be getting any of this pussy for a very long time. He just smiled and said that's fine because it's your ass I want anyway and had the audacity to try to grab me. I just stepped back and reached out and slapped him and told him he wouldn't be getting any of that either. Then I walked out of the room and slept in the spare room behind a locked door. When I left for work this morning, he wasn't up yet so I left him a note to enjoy his weekend, because I intended to." Bailey said, alternating between sadness and pride.
I knelt on the floor in front of her and hugged her fiercely. I pulled back so I could look her in the eye. "Don't you let him get you down on yourself. He is an idiot and I never have understood what you saw in him in the first place." I said before kissing her softly on the lips. She looked back at me and smiled.
"Oh don't worry about me getting down on myself. You should be more worried about me going down on you!" she purred as she helped me back up onto the seat.
I spread my legs wide and pulled my knees up to my chest, opening my always waxed and bald pussy to her hungry gaze. "Well then get to work, bitch." I exclaimed, smiling.
Bailey laughed and then placed her hands on either side of my pussy and wasted no time burying her tongue between my lips. She licked all over my lips and clit. "Mmm, Joanie you taste so good. I could eat your pussy for the rest of my life." she moaned as she nibbled on my lips and flicked at my clit with her tongue.
"Oh my god, Bailey, I will give you until you're dead to stop doing that." I purred as I twisted my right nipple in my fingers.
"Oh you like that, do you? Well then you're really going to like this." Bailey said as she slowly pressed two fingers as deep as they would go into my wet pussy and wiggled them while she flicked and nibbled at my clit. I moaned and gasped as she pulled them out and rubbed pussy juice all over my asshole. She repeated this again and again for the next few minutes. Soon my ass was just as wet as my pussy and she slowly slid her ring finger and pinkie into my ass as she slid the other two fingers into my pussy and pressed on my clit with her thumb. She then threw me for a loop when she curled all of them at the same time, stroking my asshole, g-spot, and clit at once. She did this a number of times then as she felt the tension building, she quit using her thumb on my clit and went to strumming it with fingers of her other hand. That was all it took and I closed my eyes as I was humping her hand and screaming like a banshee. I reached for her hair and came up empty.
I opened my eyes to find her and was confused for a moment because I wasn't in the minivan, but on a couch in the living room and it wasn't Bailey's hand on my pussy, it was my own. I immediately realized I had dozed off and had one hell of a wet dream. I smiled and chuckled as I licked my juice from my fingers and relaxed back into the couch for a moment. I soon felt myself dozing again and decided I needed to get away from the couch so I got up and went into the kitchen. I put my glass in the sink, having decided after a dream like that that I'd had enough vodka for one night. That orgasm had stirred a bunch of adrenaline so I knew there was no way I'd be going to bed just yet, even though the clock on the microwave said 12:15. I walked over to the sliding door onto the deck and opened it, getting hit with a wonderful sea breeze. I smiled and decided it was a great night for a dip in the ocean. I went to the hall closet and grabbed a beach towel and went out to the deck. I looked out at the ocean for a moment and was amazed at how dark it was on the beach and along the dunes at the back of the house. As I looked at the back of my neighbors' homes, I saw how dark it was there too.
I took off my robe and left it on the lounger and slowly walked naked down to the water's edge. I dropped the towel on the sand where it was sure to remain dry then I walked into the surf and swam out until I couldn't feel the bottom and then turned and drifted into shore with wave after wave, moving with minimal effort. When my knees dragged on the sandy bottom again, I stood up and stretched then wrung my hair in my hands.
As I turned to move into deeper water again, I thought I caught a glint or a reflection from something some distance up the beach. As I focused on the spot I thought I saw, I didn't see anything there. After a few seconds I shrugged it off and dove into the next wave coming in. I swam out deeper the next time and again just drifted in with the waves. As my knees hit the sand a second time, I stood up and stretched again. I walked up to my towel without wringing my hair out. When I got to my towel, there was a distinct impression in the middle of the towel, like someone had been sitting there for a moment. I looked around at the sand and saw fresh footprints other than my own all around the towel as well. I looked up and down the beach but still failed to see anyone. I just shrugged and chalked it up to someone getting a free show in the middle of the night on a supposedly deserted beach. I picked up my towel and returned to my deck and used the deck shower to rinse off the sand and sea salt before going back into the house.
When I got inside, I decided it would be wise to lock the doors before retiring for the night. Then I went up to the master suite and crawled into my bed, naked, and slept on top of the covers, relaxed after my dip. I fell asleep wondering if I could convince Bailey to move in with me, here in Wilmington, after her divorce. I was going to get the transfer from Houston to the new East Coast Division here anyway. It was just a matter of the paperwork getting finalized.
I woke on Tuesday morning feeling refreshed and ready to attack the budget issues at the office. As I stood in the shower washing the sleep from my body, I brushed my pussy with my hand. It sent such a strong jolt through me that I almost started masturbating. I resisted the urge by remembering that I'd be getting off later that day, out in the sunshine on my deck. That reminded me that I was going shopping that afternoon for some toys and lingerie. I always loved shopping when lingerie and toys were concerned. I quickly got out of the shower before I gave in and got myself off. As I dressed, I debated whether to go commando or be a proper businesswoman. I chose a compromise between the two. I chose a knee length skirt and a silk blouse. I wore no hose or panties under the skirt but did wear a nice sexy bra under my blouse. I dressed and went downstairs for coffee and a bagel.
As I drove to the office, I noticed a car in my mirror that stayed three cars behind me for most of the drive to the office. I figured Reggie must be keeping an eye on me for Lance. Since I didn't want Lance to know where I worked, I decided to go for a drive before going in to the office. I drove past our building and began taking random turns, zigzagging my way around town, before heading out to the highway to lose my tail. As I entered the highway, I looked over my shoulder and realized that traffic was going to do most of the work for me. I simply floored the gas pedal and the 500 horses under the hood shot the car forward and through a small gap between two trucks. There was a line of cars two lanes wide and about a quarter of a mile long behind the trucks, so my tail had to wait impatiently in the slow lane until he had a clear shot into the fast lane. Unfortunately for him, by then I was two exits away and already off the highway and out of sight. I knew the only way he could follow me after that was if my car was bugged with a tracking device and I doubted Lance or anyone I knew would go to that length to keep tabs on me. Feeling safe and tail-free, I headed back across town to the office and started my dreaded morning of meetings.
Four hours after walking into the office, I was walking back out, having spent the morning taking names and kicking ass in the boardroom. I don't think the staff knew what hit them but I didn't doubt they'd have their shit straight by the next time I walked in the door, namely Wednesday morning. I was feeling wonderful. The meetings had been busy enough that I hadn't thought about Lance, Sam, or sex until I sat back in my car and tried to decide where to go shopping.
I was relieved as I left work. It was a beautiful sunny day so I just drove around for a while, winding down from a stressful morning at work. It didn't take long before I forgot about budgets and spreadsheets and was able to think about the lingerie, vibrators, and oh yes, don't forget about nipple clamps. It had been quite a while since I'd used them on my own nipples but I was very much looking forward to it again. As I thought about them, my nipples began to get hard as though they were anticipating the attention they'd be receiving that afternoon.
As I waited at a stop light to turn onto Market Street, I looked down and was shocked to see them pressing against my silk blouse. I was struck with a wicked idea and quickly opened a few buttons on my blouse and reached inside, popping the front hook on my bra. The light changed and I drove with my blouse almost completely open, allowing my breasts to jiggle, until I hit the next red light. I looked around but quickly decided there was way too much traffic around so I settled for finding a spot in a deserted corner of a large parking lot that afforded me a minimum of privacy. I quickly pulled the straps off my shoulders and pulled the bra out of my blouse and left it in the front seat. I decided to take Lance's first gift picture of the day. I tweaked my nipples until they were deliciously hard and poking out at my blouse, and then pulled out my phone and snapped a picture of my chest. I saved the picture and then I took a picture of the bra on the seat beside me and saved it as well. I left the parking lot and turned back onto Market Street, where the lingerie store I'd looked up the previous night was located. When I arrived in front of the store, I snapped a picture of the store front. I was smiling and giggling like a schoolgirl when I sat down and sent the photos to Lance and asked him if he had any requests for me to add to my shopping list.
After I sent the text, it suddenly hit me again that this was so out of character for me. I looked myself in the eyes in the rearview mirror as I asked myself, "What was it about this man that made me act this way? Why had it been so easy to fuck and forget the others yet so difficult to walk away from him? Is it because he was my first internet affair? Was it his skill in the bedroom, or anywhere else for that matter? Maybe it was because he was an enigma to me." I didn't get an answer back from Lance, so I sighed and got out of the car.
I entered the store wearing no bra, panties, or stockings feeling exhilarated as I walked slowly through the store toward the lingerie section first. Since this would be my first Skype with Sam, I wanted it to be special. Maybe a pretty in pink theme would be appropriate. There were several options to choose from. I zoned in on a pink lace teddy. It seemed very form fitting and came with a matching lace thong. I asked the sales lady for some help as I saw her approaching me. "Do you have this in a small and may I try it on?"
She said pointing to the dressing rooms, "Sure, I will get one for you. Meet me over there."
I tried it on as she waited and stepped out to the mirrors for a good look. "Oh, this will be very nice with me on top of a darker pink beach towel on the lounger." I decided, and then handed the sales lady my phone and asked her to take my picture in the lingerie as I admired myself in the mirrors.
"Not a problem dear, just show me how to work your camera on your phone." she said, smiling.
I set it up and told her to take a few shots as I modeled the new outfit in the mirror and then for her. She laughed along with me as we had fun taking pictures of me in various poses. No one else was in the store so I guess it helped her pass the time and gave me something else to send to Lance that would keep him occupied.
I thanked her and asked her to show me her best vibrators after I change. "Absolutely" she said as she handed me my phone back.
"Can we keep a pink theme with the vibrators and dildos please?" I called out to her.
"Sure thing dear, I will gather up a few of my favorites in pink and meet you at the counter." she answered as she exited the dressing rooms.
Before dressing, I emailed the pictures of the 'pretty in pink' poses I had done to Lance. I decided that keeping him busy with pictures of me in lingerie was the best thing I could do at the moment.
By the time I was dressed and at the counter, the sales lady had an array of pink dildos, vibrators, furry handcuffs, nipple clamps, pink heels, and even condoms in pink packages. All were high quality items and as I examined each one, I knew I had some tough choices to make. Then the bells on the door jingled.
My sales lady looked toward the front of the store and said, "Take your time deciding. It looks like I have a gentleman that is going to need some help."
I told her to take her time, but as I was examining the variety of nipple clamps deep in thought of using them, I heard a familiar voice and turned to see who it was. Much to my surprise, it was Reggie! "What the hell is he doing here and how did he find me?" I wondered, slightly angry. I quickly realized the picture I had sent Lance of the store I was at. He must have forwarded the picture to Reggie. "Well this will cost you, Lance." I thought as I walked toward Reggie and said, "You finally made it babe."
Reggie looked stunned and said "Yes I did."
"I'm all ready to check out now. Let's go honey." Reggie appeared more confused as I led him and the sales lady back to the counter and said, "I just can't make up my mind so I will take all of this."
She smiled and said, "No problem." As she rang everything up, I put my arm around Reggie's waist and snuggled up to him.
I kissed Reggie on the cheek and said softly, "Thanks for buying all of this for me. Please bring it to the car when you are done checking out. I need to make a phone call." I smiled to myself as I turned toward the door and out to my car.
As soon as I got in the car, I sent a text to Lance thanking him for sending Reggie to the store to spoil me with new lingerie and toys. I was fuming mad when I hit the send button. How was I ever going to shake Reggie so I could Skype with Sam today and have Cory spend the night Wednesday before Lance arrives Thursday? It was getting warm so I turned on the car and was just sitting there in the air conditioning trying to cool off my body and mind. My body was quick to cool off in the cold air conditioning of the car. It wasn't long before my nipples were hard as rocks and pressing insistently against my blouse. I was deep in thought when Reggie tapped on my window and startled me. I opened my door, stepped out and said, "Oh thanks. You are such a sweetheart. Please put the bags in the back seat."
Reggie did as he was instructed. It was obvious to him that the cat was out of the bag so to speak.
I reached up and kissed him on the cheek again. "Will you come back to the house and help me unload this stuff? I'll make you a drink for your effort." I asked, batting my eyes and smiling.
He agreed. I'm sure mostly because it was his job to agree and accommodate me in any way I asked. During the drive back to the beach house, it occurred to me that unless Reggie had more than one vehicle, he couldn't have been the one following me that morning. He was driving a black Escalade and the car that had followed me on my way to work was a silver Lexus.
I arrived at the house with Reggie behind me. I got out of my car and threw my car keys to him. "Bring my things in and lock my car when you are done please. I will go make us a drink." I said.
Reggie caught the keys in mid air and replied, "As you wish."
I was in the kitchen fixing drinks when I realized it was 3pm. I had one hour to prepare for Sam's Skype call. I thought hard about how to get rid of Reggie. I heard the alarm on my car indicating that he was done toting bags in and had locked my car so I went to the living room and handed him a Vodka Tonic. I looked around at all the bags, took a drink of my Vodka and asked if he would be so kind as to take the bags to the master suite upstairs overlooking the ocean.
Reggie looked disappointed and asked, "I can't take them to our room?"
I smiled and said, "No, my love, I have many things to do to get ready for Lance. He will be here Thursday and these are special items only for him, but if you are good, I will give you a preview of what I will do with Lance. Would you like to play later this evening?"
"Sure I would Joanie. What do I need to do for you?" Reggie exclaimed, already salivating at the thought of playtime with me. I had to suppress a giggle.
"First get these things to the master suite and I will have a list for you when you are done." I told him and went back to the kitchen.
When he returned, I had a grocery list a mile long and I was running low on Vodka and noticed that I had no Chevas for Lance. I gave Reggie the grocery list and the items I needed from the liquor store. I asked, "Would you like to have dinner with me when you return?"
"I would like to have you for dinner." Reggie growled.
"That sounds wonderful Reggie but let's have some Bar-B-Q first." I replied, laughing and touching his arm.
Reggie's eyes lit up, "I know the perfect place to get us some great Bar-B-Q. I will pick it up on the way back from town." he said, smiling.
From the beach house at this time of day, I knew it would take him a good hour to get to town and the liquor store then another hour to do grocery shopping and then probably forty five minutes back, after stopping for supper. I kissed him and said, "Now hurry along, lover, so you will be back for a candle light dinner and me for dessert."
He kissed me deep and passionately holding me close and whispered softly in my ear, "I will see you in a few hours Joanie. Be ready in something sexy to go with those candles." He released me and was gone.
I had to hurry to get ready for my Skype with Sam. I laid out the dark pink beach towel I had seen in the linen closet earlier, touched up my make up and put on my sexy new lingerie complete with pink heels. I went to the ocean deck and spread the towel out on the lounger. Remembering my toys and nipple clamps, I headed back upstairs and found a lined basket it the bathroom. I grabbed it and took it to the master suite. There, I opened all my new assorted toys and nipple clamps and placed them in the basket to take to the lounger with my laptop. I now had the laptop ready, toy basket, and was working on my high definition camera with 5 minutes to spare.
I was excited by the new toys and playmate that I was about to Skype with and getting more wet with each passing moment. My nipples were erect with the breeze coming from the ocean as I opened my Skype account and signed in. The sun shone bright on me in my 'Pretty In Pink' Skype theme as I thought about Reggie running my errands. I laughed to myself just as Sam rang the bell on the Skype call.
I answered with video call knowing his view would be perfect and once I saw him on screen, I purred, "Hi babe, are you ready for some fun? I believe I have met all of your requirements."
He smiled and said, "It looks as though you have. Where are you?"
"Sam, Honey, I'm outside on my downstairs deck overlooking the ocean. Beside me is a basket of toys for you to pick from." I showed him the basket of toys that contained a variety of vibrators, dildos and nipple clamps.
"Nice." he moaned. "Are you wearing the nipple clamps?" he asked as he adjusted his cock.
"Well Sam, I have several to choose from and I thought I would let you pick the ones you want on me and the toys you want me to use. I will lay everything out for you to look at while I slowly strip for you right here on my deck where anyone can see." I said seductively.
"Get to stripping while I watch and decide what I want you to use and do." he demanded as he began to stroke his cock. I mentally compared his cock to Reggie's and was glad I was going to have Reggie's larger cock in my pussy later.
I took off my heels very near the toy collection one by one and zoomed out with my remote so he could get a good view from my webcam of me on my knees removing my teddy and exposing my ample breasts, erect nipples and matching thong. I pinched and pulled on my nipples for a moment after I dropped the teddy onto the deck, and then I turned around as I removed my thong and bent over to give him a nice butterfly ass and pussy shot as I dropped the thong onto the deck with my new teddy. I looked back as I reached between my legs and quickly ran a finger between my pussy lips. I asked, "Is everything to your liking?"
He grumbled, "Yes, but you have no nipple clamps on. Pick out your favorite and put them on now."
I smiled as I did as he instructed although I had no time to decide a favorite, the pink clamps with the chain would work just fine. I placed one on my right nipple as I toyed with my clit before placing the one on my left nipple. With both clamps in place, I fingered my clit some more and lightly tugged on the chain with my other hand.
"Now raise the lounger into a more sitting position instead of flat and lie on your back. Spread your legs and start with any dildo of your choice while tugging on the chain." he ordered, his hand gaining speed on his cock.
I did as he asked and remembered how much fun nipple clamps were to tug on gently with a vibrator in your puss and began to flood my pink towel with my pussy juice.
Sam stopped me and said, "I want you doggie style with a toy in your ass, one in your puss and the chain in your teeth." He grunted as he issued his orders.
Again, aroused by his demands, I did as instructed. His idea was excellent. I could gently tug on the chain with my teeth as I worked my ass and pussy with toys. I was so aroused by working my tits, ass, and puss at the same time that more juices ran down my legs.
Sam noticed and yelled, "Tug harder on the chain, harder!" He began to work his cock vigorously.
As I did, it was too much and it stopped the climax that I was beginning to feel building inside me. "Sam that is too much. I can't cum. I am almost there, please let me be gentle on my nipples. It works so much better." I begged.
Sam would not allow yet. "No, I wanna see your tits stretched." he said though clenched teeth.
I knew he was close and I was too. I just whimpered and kept working the toy in my pussy because it was doing delicious things to my g-spot. I was just on the brink of orgasm but could not complete it with the chain being pulled so hard with my teeth.
Sam finally gave in and demanded, "Now take the toy out of your ass, keep the chain in your mouth, use one vibrator for your puss and fingers for your clit and cum with me!"
I moved quickly as the need to climax was mounting. I slid the vibrator in on high, tugged the chain gently, and massaged my clit until I screamed out in ecstasy and flooded the pink towel. I watched as Sam's cock erupted, sending shot after shot of cum onto his chest and belly.
Sam smiled and said, "That was wonderful! Look at me and smile. That's perfect. Now look towards the ocean and say cheese."
When I looked towards the ocean I noticed a man with a camera and a very large lense pointed right at me. I looked back at my laptop to see Sam smiling and move off the webcam quickly as Randall moved onto my screen, also naked, smiling with his cock in his hand. As I looked closer at the background, I realized with horror that they were in Randall's office in Houston.
He stroked his cock as he said, "Hi Joanie. Wow, that was hot! I can't wait to see those photos. I hope they are as good as the ones from last night. You know, the pictures of you masturbating on the couch and going skinny dipping in the ocean before bed. Oh I know you must be very confused right now. Don't worry about it. We will talk when you get back. I hope you can enjoy the rest of your trip. By the way, check your email. I sent you the pictures from last night."
Before I could respond, Randall ended the Skype session and I was left on the deck alone wearing only my nipple clamps.