Note: This is a fun, light tease about the reluctance to be seen naked. Not too much sex.
--
"Girl, it's game day. Get your blue out!"
Jackie was the name of the girl speaking, and she was an attractive college freshman, standing by her bed with hands on her hips and staring at her new roommate; a roommate who was sitting on the floor of the dorm room, cross-legged, not looking back at her. Jackie's arms made dark triangles sticking out from her slender, athletic body as she showed her frustration; but the smile showed that it wasn't too serious.
"Blue out...?" said the other girl, the target of this barrage. Her voice was hesitant. The college experience had been a lot for her to handle already, her brain filled with an endless list of requirements from classes, the dormitory, clubs, things she still needed to buy that she didn't bring from home, and more. She was a young woman with a lot of energy but it seemed that every new situation this week brought with it more things she was supposed to know, or do, or have already done, and she was on the edge of being overwhelmed.
"Carolina Blue, girl! Get with the program!" Jackie said in an exaggerated voice.
The sitting girl was named Alison, and she sighed at the pile of rumpled clothes she'd emptied from her suitcase three days ago when they'd moved into the second floor of the student dorms on the UNC campus. It had been a blur since then and she hadn't even had time to sort out her clothes and hang them up properly or fold them into the little dressers like the good girl her mother raised.
She frowned as she looked at the mess. Surely somewhere in all of this stuff either she or her mother had packed something with the approved shade of blue, right? She picked through her pile, fingering a cream colored bra, then a gray T-shirt, and then some black tights.
Jackie watched her, shaking her head, and teased, "Girl! You going to be the only girl in a stadium of fifty thousand people not wearing the right color?" The "thousand" came out with dramatic emphasis.
A third young woman popped her head into their dorm room from the hallway, out of breath. "What up, dudes? We've got to go in like--" she looked at her phone. "Ten minutes! Jesus. We really got to go. Davy's bringing the tickets. You ready?"
Jackie shrugged at the pile-of-clothes disaster in progress and shook her head. "Problem alert: we need something Carolina Blue for Miss Don't-know-what-the-fuck-is-happening-today."
The doorway girl raised her eyebrows with her finger in the air, thinking. "Uh... sure. Hang on. I've got something that will fit you. Wait--" she added as she noticed the bra Alison was holding and pointed to it, shaking her finger eagerly. "Put that on, to start with. I'll bring the jersey to go on top. It'll be sexy, trust me."
Alison wasn't sure of this plan, uncertain if this Carolina-blue jersey would cover enough of her torso for the very public outing to a crowded football game. She looked to Jackie for moral support. "Only the bra? Really?"
"What are you worried about, girl? You're packing under there. It'll look good showing a little bit of your underclothes," Jackie sassed and then nodded for reassurance. "Anyway, Taylor knows the fuck she's talking about, fashion and all."
The "blue-out" football game was the first of the season. It was never much of a real game of interest to actual fans of the sport, but that was irrelevant. The point was it was the first chance for tens of thousands of students to wear their school colors and get into the college spirit, and of course mingle with all the other young people out there newly inhabiting the campus after a long summer off. The hormones were running strong.
Alison was excited but also on edge as she had been about everything since her parents dropped her off onto the dorm steps with a slap on the back and a "good luck in college" farewell. The transition happened too fast for her, and she was lucky that her roommate Jackie was outgoing and took the shy girl under her wing, in this case scoring football tickets with her friends; and including her. Alison must have missed some form or app option to get into the game, she didn't have any recollection of it--she was always missing stuff like that--but it didn't matter now. It was all set for her to go.
As long as she could find the appropriate clothes.
She closed the door to the hallway and turned away from Jackie in a bit of shyness so she could strip off her top and put on the cream bra, as instructed.
But before she had finished Taylor burst in again holding a light blue fabric in her hands. How did she get to her room and back so fast, Alison wondered as she finished snapping her bra and adjusting it around her torso.
Taylor looked in admiration. "Blue out? Damn, girl! Maybe they should call it the 'tits out' game!" the girl said as she walked over, pointing to Alison's chest and throwing the jersey at her, and then she laughed. "Fuck, girl, that's going to look fly."
Jackie came over and put her chest next to Alison, aiming them both at the small dorm room mirror above the desk. "Look at those Carolina Blue eyes, too!" she said in a sassy voice and Alison gave a small smile. Alison had always been happy with the gray-blue color of her eyes, and was glad by chance that it matched the University's color scheme.
The three girls finished prepping and preening themselves for the next few minutes. Damn, Alison thought, they really were hot college cuties, all three of them; it was no lie. The powder-blue color was amazing in contrast against Jackie's jet black smooth skin, and not bad against the two white girls, either, who had more curvy figures. Taylor especially had some big titties that were going to catch eyes. Alison's jersey hung loose and when she turned to either side she noticed that a generous amount of her side-bra-boob showed, but at least the bra wasn't transparent, she thought with relief.
Wearing this in public would be a bold move for Alison but she hoped that with her new friends by her side that she could swing it for the day and not become too self-conscious. She was already all too aware of her ass. She wasn't fat in any way, her stomach one could even call lean in fact, but she had her mother's genetics and big hip bones or something, along with a generous amount of padding back there, combined with her small waist, and her ass bulge was definitely noticeable. She was wary of adding a bare bra to that look to be even more noticed out there among the students.
They met their ticket-boy Davy in front of their dorm, Taylor picking him out across the way from a sea of blue-adorned college kids of all types, some hot looking and prepped for a social day and others schlumpy but going anyway with their friends or even by themselves. The excitement of game day was palpable among the students, helped along by a fair amount of pre-game drinking that had been happening all morning across campus. A few students were in too deep already and Alison noticed the other students carefully avoiding them and their erratic outbursts, so she did the same. She hoped it didn't get too crazy as the day went on.
A row of students with painted torsos were had lined themselves up against a small railing. The guys were all shirtless and the girls had sports bras with the paint going right up and over the fabric. It was fairly chaste but still a hint of sexy to see the young bodies on display. Letters had been written on their stomachs in a big block white font. The one who seemed to be the organizer of this thing was cursing because what showed when they lined up were the letters C-A-R-H-E-E-L-S.
Taylor giggled. "I guess someone thought it was going to be CAROLINA but someone else thought it was TARHEELS, right?"
Davy stared at the three coeds when he got close enough to see them clearly. He burst out with enthusiasm, "Fuck, guys! Jesus fucking Christ, you three have got to be the hottest girls on campus. Taylor, where'd you find these two?"
She blushed, obviously a willing participant to be deep under Davy's spell. It's true that he was an extremely handsome guy--one of the most striking Alison had ever seen--tall and athletic, like a movie star, and a little older and more confident than the three freshmen, so it was no wonder Taylor had caught his magic. "They're my hallmates, silly," she said to him, embarrassed at his comment. "They're just the regular girls, you know."
Davy's face went blank suddenly. "Taylor, shit! I didn't think of it before. You want me to get tickets for BONO for you guys? It's tonight, after the game."
The girls looked at each other. Alison had no idea what he meant and she could tell from the other girls' reactions that even though they were trying to cover it out of pride, they also didn't know what the fuck he was talking about. But they knew Davy was a man about campus, with the connections to the best Greek houses and whatever else a dude needed to be the "it" guy. Probably money, Alison thought, cynically, in one form or another; but he didn't seem to be a bad guy.
Whatever this party was, if Davy talked about it that way, the girls knew it would be the place to be after the opening game of the season and the first week of school. By their reactions, Taylor and Jackie were convinced already. Alison wasn't as sure, but she was intrigued.
Davy gushed some more. "It's got to be sold out by now, but I can try to sponsor you. I'll talk Charles into making an exception." He whistled again, taking in the image of these three college cuties facing him, all made up so pretty and so eagerly looking up at him, smiling. His mind started to race. "Fuck... it would be really hot."
The shuttle pulled up and the four friends piled on along with the dozens of other students around them, whoever could maneuver themselves towards the door, laughing as they playfully pushed each other in line and up the bus steps, packing into the seats and singing the UNC fight song. Alison smiled at all the commotion and silliness as she was jostled around. She was in general a quieter and more reserved young woman but it felt good to let go and be pulled along into a celebration like this. She had never partied much, she didn't really know how to do it in the way that she heard other people in high school talk; it would be hard for her to let down her guard if she didn't have a group around her to break the ice.
Someone shouted a little too loudly at the front of the bus and Alison thought about the drunk kids earlier and was mulling over if she would try alcohol herself, for instance at this BONO party, when a face she recognized plopped down into the seat next to her. The other girl spoke first.
"Alison, right?"
"Yeah. Wait, you're from the thing, right? The homeless thing?"
"Yep. Thursday night. We talked at the booth. I'm Madison." Alison nodded in response.
It already seemed like weeks ago. It was the night after Alison arrived at the dorm, and a collection of special interest groups held a little fair in the grassy area between the buildings to interest new students in getting involved with each of their causes. When she was in high school Alison had cooked for her church, helping her mom feed the local homeless, so in that typical search for something familiar amidst all the newness of the campus she found herself wandering over to the "Help the Homeless" booth and striking up some conversations. She remembered this girl as a likable, outgoing character.
Madison gestured to Alison's outfit. "You figured out the right clothes I see!"
The freshman nodded and smiled. "Well, my dormmates helped me. To be honest, I was pretty clueless."
"It looks good." Madison looked down at the powder blue jersey which only partly covered the bulge of Alison's cream bra. "Really good," she added, staring harder at Alison's curves.
Alison swallowed, not sure how to respond to that. Madison was a very pretty girl herself and Alison was afraid that she was starting to blush.
"Call me Maddy," the other girl continued, looking back into Alison's eyes, searching for something, asking without using her voice. She paused, then said, "Some friends and I are having a thing tonight. Do you want to come?"
Alison was flattered but also a little cautious, and didn't want to overcommit. "Thank you, that's kind of you to think of me. Um... the thing is, my roommate's talking about going to a party. Probably it's a frat thing, it seemed like."
"Oh. That's too bad for me! Well, have fun but be careful. Especially dressed like that," Maddy added with a smile.
"It's something called BONO, I think."
"BONO?" Maddy's eyes went wide and then she laughed. "No shit! Do you even know what that stands for?"
Alison shook her head. "It's a U2 thing? Like Bono and the guitar player, The Edge or something, right?"
"No, no. Not even close." Maddy let out a giggle.
Alison was confused and a bit hurt by the teasing. "Don't be rude," she said softly.
"Sorry, girl." She put on a straight face and sat up. "You're right, I didn't mean to be rude. But get ready for this, and don't tell you I didn't warn you. BONO is B-O-N-O."
"What's that?"
"As in, balls out, nips out."
"The fuck?" Alison said. She didn't normally swear, but, really, what the fuck? What did she just hear Maddy say?
"Yep." Maddy laughed again and looked up at the ceiling of the bus with her hands out in mock amazement, talking to herself out loud for effect. "Where are they taking this sweet country girl? Oh my God."
"What does that even mean? Balls out, tits out."
"Pretty much what you think. But it's nips out, not tits."
"There's a difference?"
Alison shook her head again, in a bit of shock, plunged into doubt now that she would follow her roommate and probably more wild friend Taylor into an evening of debauchery. Yet, that guy Davy was hella cute, and a small part of her wondered about the adventure and that thing about the tickets being sold out but he could get them special exceptions; and that she might regret missing an unusual opportunity.
"Look, okay, I've actually never been to it," Maddy said, sobering up from her amusement and resuming speaking in a normal voice to Alison again. "I've only heard stories."
"It's some naked orgy thing?"
"No, not really like that. It started a couple years ago. Some dudes got drunk and as a joke they cut holes in one dude's boxers and pulled them tight like a wedgie so his balls stuck out."
Alison was still in shock about the whole idea. "You aren't serious."
"Totally serious. It was stupid and they all laughed and it was all just fucking around, but a few more of the guys did it as well and they were the best looking guys in the whole frat system, so a lot of girls started gathering around to see what the fuck was going on. They were curious. Then they all went back into the frat house."
Alison just shook her head silently.
"I saw some of them. Not the first guy but later on. I helped a friend of mine do it so he could get in."
"No way."
"It was really funny. It's hard to do right, actually. Of course, I was a little drunk at the time as well. We had to go through three pairs of his shorts. The first time we cut the hole all it showed was his legs and like his groin, or thighs. Then next we cut it too big and too high and it showed his whole dick so that was a fail."
"O-M-G!"
"So then the balls-out guys were like, to all the girls hanging around outside all curious, 'if you want to come in and party with us, you've got to pay an entry fee, how about you pop your tits out?' So one girl--and this part I didn't see, I only heard about it--took a scissors and cut little holes in her shirt. She had these super tiny nipples, so she was like, there! Can I get in now? I think she meant it as a joke but since the guys had made the offer they stuck with it and they let her in; then more girls joined in."
"Whoa."
"And that's pretty much what goes on now."
"Oh my God," Alison said again. This conversation had taken over all her attention, and she realized only then that they were pulling up outside the stadium. Throngs of students were packed in an endless crowd outside the bus and the chanting was getting loud. Jackie had been trying to get her attention so they could go out as a group with Taylor and Davy. She didn't want to lose her friends in the melee.
"Maddy, thank you," she said loudly in Madison's ear as everyone stood up. "Can I text you later?"
Maddy nodded, intrigued by this unexpected connection with the cute, busty freshman and her bulging bra. "If you BONO, I want to know how it goes!" she said as a parting thought before Jackie dragged Alison away from her into the crowd.
The friends made their way off the bus and towards the packed line up at the security check when Talyor announced she had to pee. Jackie and Davy joined her and Alison was made to promise to wait for them on a little brick wall. She didn't mind; it gave her a chance to people-watch. And what a collection of humanity to observe!
There was this light blue color everywhere, clothes, flags, skin, dyed hair. The standard outfit for both guys and gals was a simple T-shirt and shorts, usually denim in the case of the girls; at least half the students wore this. But the rest sported a combination of different things.
Some girls had on spaghetti strap tops or even bikinis, others a thin blue wrap tied around themselves with a knot in the back, which Alison assumed must be a standard product of a local store because there were so many of the girls dressed this unusual way; still others full light blue body suits that showed the shape of their bodies pretty clearly, for better or worse, and some others had elastic tubes stretched to pressure fit over their boobs. Many of those girls Alison thought perhaps didn't have the best shape for such a device that didn't provide any support, but what the hell, if they enjoyed being free like that then she approved.
Everywhere there were stomachs. She felt overwhelmed by the sea of skin; in fact the only body part she didn't see was nipples. That caused her to giggle; what would it be like if the whole game were tits out like the BONO party. It would sure make things more interesting! Plus seeing a bunch of guys' balls would kick it up a level. She scanned the guys to muse over which ones she would actually care to see naked, and found a few. They were all young and fit and fresh-faced students which helped make them attractive to her.
Then a line of band members made their way from a storage room to a separate entrance to the side of the student ticket gate, directly past where she was standing. They were each carrying a prop for the halftime show; it looked like it was going to be some kind of disco theme. She studied them as they passed and wondered, why would one random blue-toga-wearing BMOC in the crowd have an entourage of four or five girls clinging to him, like that guy she remarked, when in contrast these band members looked so nerdy. She didn't think it was nearly explained by the difference in looks. It had something to do with their swagger.
One band guy came close to her and she thought, see, he's not such a bad-looking guy; and probably would make a better life partner than say, that tan, shirtless guy over there grinning with the hot girl on his arm. But she had to admit, which one of those guys would she rather imagine naked, on top of her, pressing his weight and dick into her? Okay, okay, she thought, it wasn't going to be the trombone player. Bring on Mr. Tan Biceps for the fucking fantasy.
A girl with humorously thick shoes passed and Alison smiled. Clinging to that girl and chatting eagerly into her ear were two other girls with their tits squished so far into their tube tops that it made their whole chests look like triangles. It seemed more funny than sexy to her because it changed the natural shape so dramatically, but she knew guys were crazy about tits in any shape or form and she imagined that those squished tits were going to get a lot of attention today.
Then another girl came towards her--right in front of her three friends who were returning from the bathroom--and she was wearing overalls but with no shirt underneath at all. That was something she hadn't seen yet and was the closest to a shot of nipple so far but as she passed she saw a good amount of side boob. She swung in line with her three friends to follow the side boob girl through the security checkpoint and into the stadium to find their seats. Alison kept spinning her head around to take it all in. It sure was a zoo, but it was a fun zoo and she was glad to be a part of it.
The weather had turned warm in the September afternoon and during the game Alison relished the feeling on her skin and the good mood of the student crowd; she had almost forgotten the whole thing about the BONO party. But not really. She looked at all the cute guys and girls around her in the stands, cheering wildly for their team--or more honestly just for the hell of it and the excitement of the day--and she wondered, are these normal seemingly sweet kids the same ones going to be pulling their balls and tits out at the party? Do they do that? Or at other parties on campus?
Probably yes, she realized. There was a lot of fucking in college of all kinds, and especially at the frat and sorority houses, so it shouldn't have been a surprise to her; she wasn't a prude. But still, somehow, the shock of it, that these innocent college kids would really line up in front of some entrance to a frat party and whip out their body parts as some sort of entry fee; that concept both fascinated and scared her. She didn't think there was any way she could do it, but she also didn't want to just sit alone in her dorm room, either. Maybe she could at least go check it out and hang around outside and find something to do, someone to talk to there. A cute guy, perhaps, who was actually interested in her and also interesting to her; sometimes a hard combination.
When they got into the stadium proper they situated themselves only loosely in the area of the seats printed on their tickets, Jackie next to her in the stands and Taylor and Davy in front of them in the next row down. Those two made a cute couple, she thought. Not that they were anything serious yet, as far as Alison knew; they must have only just met since Taylor moved in with the rest of the freshman to the dorms the same day Alison did. She looked sexy in the (of course) light blue colored overalls over a rough knit white top. It was low cut in front and when Taylor turned to speak in Davy's ear Alison saw a horizontal line an inch wide of untanned white breast bulge along the edge of her overalls. It was a good look.
All through high school she couldn't remember a time when she had any lesbian or bi thoughts at all, and here three times today it had happened, in an oblique way; first with her roommate Jackie when Alison caught her undressing, with that beautiful jet black skin and slender athletic body, then again with the vivacious Taylor in the dorms, and finally on the bus with the long look that Maddy gave her, telling her how cute she was. It caused a little stir in her stomach seeing how Maddy took her in, staring at her boobs, with the invite to meet up later in the evening.
Maybe if she couldn't find a cute guy outside the frat house she would try to find Maddy later and see where that went. It was all new and exciting.
Alison yelled the bum-bum-bums of Sweet Caroline along with the thousands of other students in the stands around her, and reflected on where she was. So much college experience just in the first few days. Her eyes drifted from Taylor and Jackie down to Davy right in front of her. Damn, was he a fine young man. College was helping her find out that she might be a teeny bit bi, but she was not straight lesbian. Guys turned her on too much for that.
Davy was wearing one of those side slit shirts, really not much more than a thin light blue sack around his head falling loosely over his front and back and coming together only in a little circle of connected fabric around his waist. Alison let herself stare as he yelled the verses of the song, exposed abs tanned and ripped. He had that lean strength of an athlete, not overly muscled but tall and lanky and wiry as hell. She surprised herself wondering what he might look like in boxers with holes cut to let his balls dangle out.
But she actually didn't care that much about his balls other than curiosity. Unless she was really horny and dreaming of being pounded by a guy in the missionary position or bent over a chair or something, she preferred to fantasize about a guy's torso. Clean skin, muscular flesh rippling, smooth round shoulder knobs, strong arms holding her, pinning her down, and her running her fingers through his lush, dark hair. That's what got her juices going, whenever she managed to get her brain to settle down enough in order to enjoy a sensual moment alone.
However, the image of a guy with a "thicc" dick going up and down into her wasn't bad either, but she had never thought much about what guys' testicles might look like, specifically. It was more the overall sexual innuendo of the idea that intrigued her.
Jackie gave her a nudge, jostling her out of this reverie. Alison's face went immediately red and Jackie smiled, having caught her roommate staring at Davy's abs and thinking who-knows-what thoughts. Jackie just wiggled her eyebrows and mouthed, "I know, right?"
They started chanting U-N-C together with the crowd, and Davy turned to join Jackie and Alison, and all four of them started giggling while they watched each other's chanting faces. They all whooped as hard as they could at the end.
The seating in the student section was merely a suggestion. Nobody ever sat down and kids wandered back and forth throughout the game. At one point a goofy, raw-boned guy came over and greeted Davy enthusiastically with hand and backslaps. He was very tall, maybe 6'4", and shirtless. If Davy was the smooth styled looker who would charm you to get you into naked and into bed, Alison thought this new guy was the sheer physical guy who would just pin you down and rip your clothes off to get a fuck on. Both could work.
She couldn't take her eyes off his powerful shoulders; and the old pop song with the lyric "I have a history of losing my shirt" came to her mind. Every move he made rippled muscles in his torso, and she peeked down to check out the rest of him as well.
Davy turned to the girls. "Ben, these are my friends."
Ben's smile widened when he saw the three girls. "What up, bitches?"
Alison stared at Jackie with her mouth open, then back at Ben. "Beg your pardon?"
she said, stunned. She had never been greeted in this manner.
But he didn't seem to notice. He was such a force of good nature that he just steamrolled along and all the girls found themselves being carried along with his energy in spite of their hesitations. He clearly didn't mean any harm, it was just the way he rolled.
Davy ended the interaction with "I hope to see you tonight, brah!" and Ben gave the three girls little micro-hugs which put a flutter in Alison's groin. Oh man, she thought, maybe she would have to check out this crazy party after all if this guy was going to be there.
The game itself was a blow out, as it seemed everyone expected, so the student section was drifting empty by halftime. The group of four friends made their way out as well and down the long ramp with thousands of others and back to the campus grounds to their dorm.
At one point when they were trudging along the sidewalk, Davy looked up from his phone with a big grin. He punched it with his finger triumphantly. "Got you in! Charles okayed it."
Jackie and Taylor whooped and jumped around in a little circle with excitement, but Alison wondered if and when he would disclose the "nips out" part of the evening plans. She hoped that he wasn't going to try to pull a fast one on them and leave it to the last minute or to someone else to break the news, because she liked him and didn't want to get tangled up with manipulative guys.
Fortunately, he came clean. Sort of.
"Guys, guys. I gotta get back to the house, but I need to tell you something about the party."
"Do tell," Alison says with some bite, crossing her arms over her chest. Davy looked at her curiously for a moment, then continued.
"So, look," he started, thinking of a way to phrase it carefully. "So this is a really popular party. It's a big deal. We host it between two frats. We actually built this dorky little connector between the houses so we can fit everybody in."
"Uh huh," Alison said, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
"You girls might have heard about parties at college that are, well, more, you know, maybe 'wild' is the right word. More wild than stuff in high school, right? You know what I mean?"
The girls all watched him. Nothing he said so far had dimmed the enthusiasm of Jackie and Taylor. In fact, they seemed to grow more interested as he spoke.
Taylor hugged his arm. "You mean alcohol, right? Or do you mean there are drugs?"
"Well, there's going to be lots to drink, of course," he said, laughing. "And there probably will be some drugs around the edges, I don't know. I hope you guys don't get into that. But that's not what I mean."
"What do you mean?" asked Jackie.
"Well... there will be some nudity."
"Whoa!" said Taylor, enthusiastically, gripping Davy's arm tighter.
"Yeah," he said sheepishly. "It's kind of the theme of the party."
Jackie looked taken aback a bit. "Wait, is it totally nude? Is this some sort of roman toga orgy deal?" She sounded less enthusiastic than she had been a moment ago.
"No no, not like that at all. but, well... you'll see. I just didn't want you to get, like, all excited about going and then be surprised and disappointed if that's something you don't want to be involved with."
Alison watched this interaction without commenting. From her single conversation on the bus she learned more about BONO than both the other girls, it became clear. Davy seemed to be trying to tell the truth, to give the girls some idea, but not all the truth; at least he was giving it a try, he wasn't trying to completely blindside the trio of cute, innocent freshmen. There was that. Alison wanted to like him so was extending him the benefit of the doubt.
But that was all he said; he apologized for having to run and scurried to get back to the party prep, giving Taylor a little kiss on the lips before he went. A little spike of jealousy ran down Alison's spine. The three girls watched each other until he disappeared around the corner, then faced together.
Taylor spoke first, grabbing the other girls' hands. "Oh my God," she said, "What do you guys think?"
Alison wasn't sure. "The party sounds, well,..." she trailed off.
"Not about the party, silly. About Davy! Isn't he so hot?"
Jackie rolled her eyes at Taylor's naivety. "Sure, girl, he's hot, dangerously hot. He's hot to get you into bed and get a little fuck for himself. Maybe you should be careful to go slow with that frat boy."
"Go slow?" Taylor seemed honestly confused. "But he's so... I don't know--"
"Fuckable?" Alison tried and Taylor laughed, nodding.
"Yeah--"
Jackie ignored this. She was trying to impart some real-world wisdom to her young new friend. "You got some birth control, girl? You got that all figured out, right? Make sure he wears a condom, too."
Taylor pulled back, unhappy with the direction the conversation was going. She liked it better when it was lighter and all about how cute a guy was. "Well, sure--" she started, but Jackie didn't seem convinced.
There was a pause in the conversation and Alison jumped in, eager to share her new-found knowledge about BONO with her friends. "Guys, I've got something to say. Davy didn't really tell the whole story. What it is, is like a tits and balls party."
"What?"
"The girls flash their tits and the guys show their balls. Something like that."
"No way," Jackie said. "How do you know this?"
"This girl on the bus told me. I met her Thursday at the fair, out on the lawn. She went last year. Or helped some friends go to it."
"Crazy..." said Taylor, still dreamy and lost in the effects of Davy's love bomb.
Alison looked at them with a question on her face. "So you still want to go?"
Taylor wasn't deterred. "Hottest party on campus? Of course we're going! Guys!" she pleaded, as she noticed the other girls' expressions failed to maintain the same level of excitement she felt.
"Well," said Jackie to Alison, "let's at least check it out. Davy will swoop Taylor to one of those famous upstairs frat bedrooms for a quick fuckie-fuck, and you and I can have some drinks and just leave if it's lame." Jackie smiled to indicate the tease.
"Fuck you," Taylor said playfully, pushing Jackie's shoulder away. "He's hot but I'm not that easy!"
Jackie continued. "Or maybe we see our own hot guys and decide to flash our tits real quick, I don't know. You got some beauties there!" She pointed to Alison's chest, who blushed; looking down also at her own chest she wondered if she would have the guts to do something crazy like that. It would depend highly on context; and it would also take some alcohol and just the right situation, maybe something private. Maybe something for this guy Ben, she mused, if Davy was consumed with Taylor's big boobies.
The afternoon was getting on and the girls went back to their dorm to do their own things for a few hours, in an attempt to deal with their own "to do" lists and trying to plan for the obligations of the next week, but all of them thinking the whole time about the BONO party in their own ways and not getting much done.
Davy had told them to get there on time, saying that even though he had gotten them onto the admission list that it might reach capacity fast and if it did they would have to wait in line which would suck. He said the fire marshall had given them shit last spring about a party that overflowed out into the street and they were trying to be more careful to stay under the radar this time so they would cut it off.
Alison texted Maddy, updating her of their plans, and asking if she wanted to meet them there. She was nervous how this was going to go down and was looking for emotional support from any corner.
The girls took Davy's note about timeliness to heart and showed up early but there was already a small crowd outside the frat house. Tickets were being checked in a little foyer up the stairs past the porch, so the three of them waited with a couple dozen other hopeful partygoers while the line shuffled slowly forward. All the girls in line were dressed well and had prepped their makeup and hair carefully; the guys did whatever guys did which probably wasn't much--spray on some shit cologne they had been told by mass marketing will get them laid, Alison thought--but most of them still looked good. They made a little small talk with the others in line but mostly waited patiently. Alison wondered if it was the quiet before the storm.
She tried to survey the group to see any cute guys without being too obvious, imagining how they would look with their balls out. At this point she was pretty sure she wouldn't have the guts to flash her tits to get inside, so she wanted to enjoy what she could of the moment.
Maddy found Alison and her friends and was pleased to meet the other two girls and hear their stories of the day from the football game. She cut in line to join them.
Her face was full of wonder. "You guys' are really going to do this?" she asked, still a little breathless. She must have run over to catch them in time.
Taylor seemed a bit annoyed. "Yeah," she said. "Of course."
It was confusing when they got to the head of the line. Two frat boys were sitting in chairs, both smug as cats that ate the canary. One of them had a computer opened up before him and the other one was leaning way back in his chair, sipping from a red cup, looking over the line in front of the house like he was the top shit. A couple of separate discussions were happening; Alison and her friends didn't seem to be the only ones confused about what was going on and how it worked.
"Right," the Computer boy was saying to a couple of irritated guys standing there at the table, pointing to his screen. "That's the way it works, like for two years now. You're not on the list, you can't get in. I'm sorry."
He looked at Alison and by the way he scanned his eyes down the front of her body, he seemed to be favorably impressed. "What can we do for you girls?"
The other boy who had been leaning back in his chair popped forward in interest and also looked the girls over head-to-toe. "You have invitations?"
Alison was hesitant. The situation already felt like a meat market, with her as a piece of prime rib put out for display, and they weren't even inside yet. She was still fully clothed and the butterflies were cruising around in her tummy.
But everyone was waiting on them so she felt compelled to answer. She sighed. "Yes, we should be on your list. Davy said he got us in."
Computer boy nodded and asked what their names were and confirmed the three of them. Maddy hung back.
"You aren't prepped yet, right?" he asked. "Go over there, then come back," he said simply, pointing to a side room to the right. It looked more like a large walk-in closet. Alison saw a few girls coming out of there, giggling and covering the front of their outfits. On the other side of the table she saw some boys awkwardly standing at the edge of a similarly situated room. Gender separated, at least out here, she thought.
"Wait, what do we--?" Alison started but Maddy stepped up to push the three girls towards the prep room, interrupting her.
"Don't worry, I got you," Maddy said, in what would become her standard phrase of the night.
The little alcove gave them a nominal amount of privacy; it was separated from the crowd at the check-in table, its main feature being a table with scissors and fabrics including some discarded bras. Someone had stood up one of those cheap-looking full-length mirrors in the corner, perched on stilty black metal legs.
When Maddy shepherded the three girls into the alcove she flipped them around. "Okay, no shit. You guys are really doing this?"
"Of course," said Taylor. "My boy's in there."
"I don't know--" said Jackie, shrugging. Alison was not sure about all of this.
Maddy thought for a moment. "Why don't we do Taylor, then you guys can see how it looks and decide for yourselves."
"What do you mean, 'do me'?" Taylor asked.
"I mean let's get your tits out. First, take it all off. I want to see what I'm working with here."
"What?" Taylor said, finally showing some of the hesitation the others already felt.
"Girl, it's a nips out party. You're going to be walking around in there showing your headlights. Do you want to do this or not?"
Jackie looked surprised and appealed to Alison. "I thought we had to flash our tits to get in or something. Not run around naked for the whole party?"
Maddy took a breath. "Look, it's only your nips. Let me show you. Taylor, you want to keep your bra on or are you going to let those big babies hang loose?"
"Uh... I can keep my bra on? I don't get it," Taylor asked, confused.
Maddy tried to explain. "If you keep your bra on it kind of holds your shape better, you know what I mean? But that's up to you to decide. We'll have to cut holes in it, for your nips to stick out, so I don't know if you want to ruin your bra. Capisce?"
"Fuck," said Jackie, starting to get the picture.
Taylor looked at herself in the mirror, turning her bust this way and that. "What do you guys think, keep the bra?"
Maddy interrupted her question to the other girls. She was in commando mode and ready to get shit done. It also didn't hurt that she was horny herself and ready to take in some freshman tits. "Strip it off and we can see better."
After a small hesitation, Taylor pulled her shirt up and started undoing her bra clasp. It was a heavy duty one with a series of clasps running down her back. Taylor was no flat-chested kid anymore.
Madison watched eagerly as the cute college freshman stripped in front of her. "That's it. Let's see them big-ass boobies, girl."
Alison laughed. "Maddy, take it easy. I think you're enjoying this a little too much."
"You bet your ass I am," she said, and her face lit up in delight. She clicked her fingers together like one of those evil villains in a corny Hollywood movie.
All the girls watched as Taylor twisted back and forth in the mirror. She had a lovely figure; more of the classic large-breasted 1950's pinup look with pendulous breasts and large flat and brown areolas.
"Lovely, honey," said Maddy. "I would eat you up but I know you're saving it for your boy in there. So here's my thinking. It's up to you but I think it might look best if we cut holes in the bra and the shirt."
"Aw," complained Taylor. "I didn't want to ruin that shirt. The bra I don't care that much about."
Jackie was digging around in the pile of extra clothes on the table. "The stuff in the cubbies up by the purses looks like stuff girls want to save, but you want to wear one of these tops instead? They look like extras. See, they've already got holes, we'll just make them bigger for your big-ass nips." Then Jackie laughed.
Alison watched this interaction and had one of those "Oh my God" feelings. What the hell were they doing, she wondered.
"That would work," Maddy agreed. "Then we can save your blouse, Taylor. Bury it up high in a cubby so nobody grabs it."
Maddy worked with the topless Taylor and a sharpie and scissors, and in a few tries she had it. Taylor stood back to model the look for them. Alison blushed seeing how it appeared, wondering if there was any way she would get the courage to do it as well. There Taylor was, wearing her bra and a shirt, with her nipples prominently poking right out of her chest just as clear as could be. It wasn't a subtle look.
"Damn, girl, that's pretty lit, actually," Jackie said, taking in the whole picture. "Wait, you're drifting off on that side."
Maddy stepped in to adjust the hole on Taylor's left breast, arranging things in order to pop the nipple back out through the hole. She tweaked it with a pinch, smiling. "Now stay out there!" she gave a mock order to Taylor's breast, pointing a finger at it.
Taylor didn't seem amused, but she looked at the other girls, ready to get some company now that she was baring part of her body. "Who's next?" she asked.
Jackie shrugged and decided to give it a try. Her smaller, athletic breasts worked easily with the top she had which was almost like a sports bra anyway. When Maddy was done Jackie's black nips were just as exposed as Taylor's, but somehow with the coloring of the clothes and her skin it left a more subdued overall appearance. There was no doubt she was showing part of her body naked, but it took a closer look to appreciate it.
There was no resisting now, so Alison submitted to the will of the group and let Maddy work her magic. She wanted to save her bra from getting cut up, and her boobs even though they were sizable--not as much as Taylor's--had a firm, round shape that didn't sag much so she thought she looked okay going braless. Maddy worked carefully to cut the nip holes and kept brushing against Alison's breasts, touching the nipples. It seemed more than would happen by accident.
"I think that's good enough," Alison quipped, noting this extra attention Maddy was paying her. Maddy gave the newly bared breast one more gentle caress and backed away, looking over her work.
All three of them seemed to be ready now--"prepped" as the dude had called it--so they walked back to the check-in table to meet their fate, all three girls' hands covering their chests. The line had grown a lot longer so they stood there awkwardly holding their arms up while they tried to figure out how to break in to talk to the all-powerful guys again; Alison was glad they had arrived when they did.
Another group of girls was directed past them to the alcove where Maddy was waiting. Alison heard her greet them, offering her services. I bet she wouldn't mind working there all night working on naked tits, Alison thought. "Strip it off and let's see those tits," she heard Maddy say, and smiled to herself.
Computer guy and Tilt-Chair guy were still on duty and waved their hands for the girls to come forward next in line, in front of the other group that was waiting.
"Okay, let's see it," Tilt-Chair guy said, waving his fingers in a beckoning motion.
"You want us to flash our tits for you?" Jackie said.
"Yep. That's what you're going to do in there. Better get used to it," he retorted.
"Do you girls know the rules?" Computer guy asked.
"What rules?" Alison said, still holding her hands over her exposed nipples.
"Okay--" he said, and took this chance to stand up on the chair to address the whole line. The way he went through this it seemed it was a frequent lecture. "Listen up, people. The rules: Number 1. No phones or cameras of any kind in there. That gets you kicked out fast as fuck and we can take legal action. Check them in at the desk here. Not fucking around. 2. No covering up. You cover, you're out. 3. If you make it an hour, come back here and get your name on the list."
"What does the list do?" Alison said.
"We're on the list," one guy said eagerly, taking this chance to push his way forward with his friend. They were good looking guys, wearing white T-shirts and jeans. Simple but effective. Alison didn't see any balls out holes, though.
"Names?" Computer guy asked, and he looked them up. "Go on," he waved them in.
"No fucking way!" Alison said loudly. "They've got to go balls out, right?"
"They're on the list, sweetheart. Only BONO virgins go balls out nips out."
"What?" Taylor was trying to catch up with the exchange. Jackie had a frown as well.
Alison turned to them. "It looks like Davy set us up. We're the only ones going to be naked in there, and everyone else is going to be wearing clothes staring at us."
"Relax, honey," said another voice in line, from a woman with multiple nose and ear piercings and jet black hair. "A lot of us are nips out. You gotta earn it the first time." She proved her point by opening her jacket to show a pair of beautiful big, pierced tits.
"What do you want to do?" Jackie asked her two friends.
"Fuck it," Alison decided, in a decisive voice that surprised even her. "We already did it, let's just get in there." She started to walk past the table but Tilt-Chair boy stopped her.
"Let's see it, honey."
Alison stopped, standing proudly. She hated to give in to these boys. But the line was waiting and they seemed to be the dragons at the gate; the trolls for drawbridge. So she turned her body in order to show as few people as possible and uncovered her chest. The other two girls did the same.
"Nice tits!" Computer boy said unnecessarily. "Good to go. Next!"
Then Tilt-Chair boy intercepted them, holding a big black permanent pen in his hand. He brought it up to Taylor's forehead.
"What?" she said, pulling back.
"You girls have to chill out," said the pierced girl, who had tired of the objections of these girls and pushed past Taylor to take her place in front of the boys. After Computer guy verified her invite she let Tilt-Chair write BONO in big black letters across her forehead. The smaller, thin girl she was with flashed her little nips at the two guys and leaned in to get her forehead written on as well.
"You should be happy you got an invite and just shut up and get in there!" she told the three girls, pointing to the long line behind them, before swing around to head into the party.
Alison looked at her two friends and capitulated. "Jesus," she said, uncharacteristically. "All right, just do it," she said, leaning her forehead towards the marker, letting him write the humiliating big block letters across her head as well. I guess I'm branded for the evening, she conceded.
Computer guy smiled. "Don't forget to come back here after an hour and make sure we get your name for the list," he reminded them. "Have fun in there," he added sincerely and then turned to the boys who were next in line; Alison stood for a moment looking back, with her hands back on her chest, and watched them prove that they indeed had their balls out. She blushed a little seeing their little shaved testicles sticking out of their tight underwear. It wasn't so much sexy as just funny and she giggled, pushing her friends through the door and into the party.
After the suspense of the drawn-out preparations and expectation, the party itself was almost a let down. It was a good party, to be sure, but the sexual tension wasn't nearly as intense as Alison thought it would be. Maybe it was like she heard about Burning Man or other nude places, all these partially naked people walking around and nobody really caring that much. She even found herself slowly relaxing; walking over to the little makeshift bar they had set up in the corner to get a drink. Maybe she would even dance without thinking too much about the fact that her nipples were getting air time.
It also helped that at least half the partygoers were BONO one way or the other. She didn't feel like that much of an unusual case. She felt almost anonymous in the crowd. Most guys didn't stare crazy hard at her chest, although a few did as she walked past, leaving her unsure if she should be flattered or insulted, and she was a good girl as instructed and didn't cover herself up for fear of them complaining and somehow getting her in trouble.
She came up behind a guy waiting at the bar for a drink. He turned enough for her to see his profile; he was a decent looking slender guy with glasses. One step more towards nerd than the frat boys, but not as far as the band players. She laughed at how she was categorizing people. Shame on me, she thought, and straightened up--her bare pink nips pointing the way, unfortunately--to introduce herself.
Ryan was his name and "BONO" was written across his forehead in inky black marker in the same awkward lettering, but she resisted the urge to look down to check out his nutsack. She was going to try to keep this civil. But she wasn't attracted to him enough to really care and didn't find it that hard to resist; not like if he had been Ben.
They small-talked a little about how weird it was to be here with all this going on, and about how they managed to get the invitations. The frat boy served up Ryan's drink and took her order, and their conversation started to wane. Then her drink came and she took a large sip and that gave her the courage to ask him point blank if he was enjoying all the flesh on display. She said something about all the big naked boobs expecting a response, maybe some drooling or at least a face flush.
But instead his mouth went a little sideways and he leaned towards her. "Can I tell you a secret?" he asked.
"Are you gay?" she blurted out, but then his mouth went even more sideways and she realized by his reaction that she had made an error. "Oh shit!" she said and touched his arm in apology. "I'm so sorry, that was so rude of me. Fuck!"
He smiled. "No no, it's okay. I just never had that one before. Goddamn!" He shook his head and took a drink. Then he looked back at Alison. "My secret is that I like slender girls. You know, without so much..." He motioned to his chest and trailed off.
Alison pulled her hand away from him, looking down at her own fine, larger tits as she did so. Damn, well, that stung. But she probably deserved it. Instead of getting insulted, she looked at her drink, took another long sip, then put a cheerful face on it.
"Do you want me to do you a favor?"
He was confused. "Well, sure, but I'm not sure if you and I are--"
"Not me," she interrupted, forestalling another awkward interaction between them. "My roommate. I think she might be 'up your alley' as they say."
"Yeah? She's here? And she's BONO too?" She nodded and finished her drink, turning to get another order in while the frat boy was looking at her. Looking pretty hard at her, in fact. She snapped her fingers to bring his attention from her pink nips back up to her face and told him she wanted another drink.
Ryan was interested and waiting for more; she had him hooked with the tease about a girl and she was relishing the suspense. She liked playing matchmaker.
"Do you like athletes?" she asked him.
"Yeah, definitely." He looked like a runner himself, she realized. He probably was on the track team or something. Then she thought of something.
"Wait, do you like Black girls?"
He looked confused. "Uh, sure? I mean I never thought about it. Does it matter?"
Good answer, she thought. "Okay, Jackie is her name and she's the shit. You might have to tear her away from whoever has got her. She's a popular girl."
Alison was right about that. She had lost track of her friends: Taylor left right away when they entered in a mad search for Davy, which Alison hoped wasn't futile--she was sure a guy like Davy had numerous options at a party like this, especially when he played the honored role of host--and Jackie she found cornered in the kitchen by several of the football players. One of those guys had his huge black balls hanging out which Alison found mildly amusing. She wasn't quite sure how they did the personal grooming down there since it seemed like a really scraggly surface to shave or wax or whatever. She shivered at the painful thought.
Ryan had followed her across the crowded room. Alison hoped he had some balls--the figurative ones of the courageous kind, as well as the ones hanging from his boxers--to try to interrupt these big dudes in their attempted conquest of her pretty roommate.
She caught Jackie's attention and waved her to come over to the doorway where she and Ryan had been watching the kitchen scene unfold. The slender Black track athlete made an excuse and joined them, to the sound of complaints from the football guys.
"Girl, look at you all bright and perky!" Jacke teased, looking at Alison who ignored the comment.
"Jackie, this is Ryan. Ryan, Jackie," she said briefly, pointing to Ryan behind her.
"Hello!" Ryan said in a smooth voice, jumping in to warmly greet the track athlete. Alison shook her head; he sure turned it on fast. She didn't remember him acting this way at the bar. Jackie looked him carefully over and Alison tried to judge the chemistry. Maybe there was something there.
But just then one of the big guys--the biggest, in fact; the dude was fucking huge with these enormous biceps he had in "guns out" style to show off to everyone, must have been a linebacker--made a line over to them and Alison thought, oh fuck, little Ryan is going to get the shit beat out of him for trying to steal the cute girl away.
"Carter!" Ryan fist bumped the huge guy who broke into a huge laugh.
"The fuck you doing here, you scraggly little pissant? This here's a party for men! But who-ho! Holy shit, you got your balls out, and those ain't got half bad balls. What you think, Jackie?"
Jackie and Alison had been taken by surprise at this unexpected interaction and just watched the boys, silent. Alison shrugged and said to her roommate, "I'm going to leave you here to figure this out." Having landed her male charge successfully with her pretty but flat-chested roommate, as was requested, she wanted to see more of this party.
There were quite a number of rooms decorated and with music blaring, sofas full of students, and more alcohol stations. She re-upped at one, and outside one of the patio doors found the sort of bridge you could call it that Davy had mentioned, really just a plywood corridor but surprisingly well constructed. She decided to go through and was half way through it when a voice behind her caused her to stop dead in her tracks.
"Hey, bitch!"
That could be only one person in the world. She turned to look. Yes, it was the goofy and smiling Ben! Her heart leaped in excitement and it was a sign of how accustomed she had become to this party and her outfit that she didn't think twice about facing this attractive guy with her tits out. At least not when she spun around. As she stood there she became more self conscious. A little tickle went down her spine and out to her naked titties.
"Bitch, yourself!" she taunted back. But the big surprise to her was that Ben had BONO written in black ink across his forehead. He still had no shirt on, of course, and these tight black underwear with, yep--she took a look--big balls sticking out. What the hell? She had assumed that he was an insider and would be the one doing the gawking, not being gawked at.
He laughed at her surprise. "BONO virgin just like yourself," he said. He returned her stare at his groin with an inspection of her chest. "And hey, aren't you looking incredible in that new outfit. You gotta wear that more often! Ha ha."
Alison blushed while he checked out her boobs and she held herself back from covering up. He was just as she saw him at the football game, and even more; an incredible specimen of man almost naked in front of her. All that was covered was his dick and that large bulge above his naked balls gave a lot of hint about that as well. Was the dude completely hung or what?
But instead of making more jokes in the goofy way she expected, he got serious. "Hey, I need a favor--"
She was intrigued. What could this man want from her? Besides a good fuck, that is. The alcohol was probably responsible, or maybe this party environment with the male and female nudity, but whatever the cause she was getting seriously horny.
"Sure. What?" she answered, trying to hide her excitement.
"I've got a bit of a situation, out front."
"With the check-in desk, you mean? Someone doesn't have an invite? I don't think I have that kind of cred with Davy."
"It's not that. They have invites, but they're having a confidence problem. Some friends of mine. I really wanted to get them in here. But they chickened out, you might say."
"I can't imagine why," Alison said sarcastically. She wiggled her boobs a little while she said that, to help make the joke. She immediately couldn't believe she had just done that.
He didn't seem phased, he just laughed. "I know, I know. But you have to admit, it's kind of fun, right? Once you get in here it's not that big a deal."
"Agreed. I'm so surprised, to be honest."
Just then a group of half-naked guys and girls made their way past them in the little hallway. Both Ben and Alison stopped talking to check out their nips and balls as they passed. Allison shook her head at how weird this situation was.
"Wow," Ben said, then continued his plea. "Anyway, look. I'll owe you a big favor if you go back there and convince them to come in."
Alison sipped her drink and processed his request. "So let me get this straight. I just met you today. I've never even seen you with a shirt on. Now you've got some cute girls out there and want me, your best and long standing friend, to convince them to show their little titties to you."
Ben looked embarrassed. "Well, when you put it that way it sounds bad. I just want them to come in to enjoy the party. I'll do anything."
"Anything?" Alison stepped back and looked Ben up and down. What she wanted was for him to pound the fuck out of her with his big dick but wasn't sure if that was part of the scope here. Especially if he was hot for some young thing out front and Alison was even going to help him get her naked for consumption.
He stepped closer. "Hey, you are really something special. I mean, the way you look is..." he shook his head. "It's just something else."
"But you have the hots for your friend out front is what you just told me."
He laughed. "Well, friends. Three of them. And yes, I have a bit of a problem with addiction to beauty, I admit it."
"Fuck, dude! Three girls?"
He just shrugged. Maybe the guy did have a dick of legends. "The offer still stands. I need some help here."
"Are you going to fuck these girls or you just want to see their tits?"
"Damn, bitch! You don't beat around the bush do you?" He laughed again. The alcohol must have reduced her inhibitions because she had never been so raunchy with a guy before. But she also hadn't wandered around a party with her tits out before, either. And something about Ben was disarming; he was such a high-energy goofball that it relaxed her, she couldn't do or say anything wrong with a guy who called her "bitch" without blinking, and not to mention that he was standing talking to her with his testicles laid bare. It gave her a freedom she never experienced.
She leaned into his ear. What the fuck, she thought to herself, let's go for it.
"Okay, big boy. If I get them to pop out their little titties for you and you get your hard-on, I want to reserve you for a half hour. We can find a bedroom."
"Fuck, girl? What?" He backed away from her and grinned ear-to-ear. He couldn't believe the favor she was asking was to fuck her and her delicous titties with the beautiful nips that he'd been staring at for the last five minutes. Not to mention that ass. It hadn't escaped his notice. He really wanted to see what was under there.
She took a big sip from her drink and plunged in deeper. "I've got this fantasy. My fucks have been lame. Dudes with little dicks who cum too fast and don't please me. So if I get these girls naked for you, I want to sit my ass on your face and have you eat me out while I wrap my hand around your big college dick."
"Holy fuck," he said as he reeled back again, his grin increasing. "I had no fucking idea this was coming from such an innocent girl!"
"So you agree or not? Those little titties are waiting out there for you," she teased and made a little smirk with her mouth.
"Fuck, yeah, of course. I can do that. But you've got to do your part of the bargain."
"I'll try like hell," she said as she turned and rushed back to the front, giggling with her new intimate friend. His balls swung around as they ran, and her tits did too.
The "friends" were indeed cute little things, which Alison didn't know when she had teased Ben about their tiny titties. It made her feel at least a little bit better that they didn't have incredible figures, because they were just drop dead gorgeous otherwise. Ben was going to have some fun; maybe it would warm him up. As long as she got him for the main event.
The problem was they were actually scared shitless freshmen. This party theme completely freaked them out, much worse than it had for Alison herself. On their way out to the foyer Ben threw a frat towel with big Greek letters on it over Alison's shoulders, covering her chest, and he wrapped another around his waist to hide his big naked balls. No point in giving them too big a shock right away.
It had been an hour but Maddy was still there, chatting it up with the Computer and Tilt-Chair boys. For some reason Alison wasn't surprised.
"Hey, girl! How's the party going?" Maddy asked.
"It's really fun, actually. I'm surprised that I loosened up."
"Cool. I've been hanging out here."
"It's what I expected." Alison smiled knowingly. "Are you going to try to get in?"
"No, I'm having fun. Helping cut a lot of fabric and playing with a lot of college girl boobies. Plus, these guys are cool." She ruffled the hair of Computer guy who smiled back.
Alison pointed to the three girls who had positioned themselves over to the side, back near the porch railing. "I'm on an errand. Those girls. Ben wants to help them overcome their fears."
Maddy nodded and whispered back. "Yeah, I tried but they're a long shot. They're afraid it's some kind of scam."
Alison nodded and thought about how to approach them. She walked over slowly. "You guys have invites?"
One of them nodded. The others were silent.
"Well, that's the hardest thing. It's hard to get the invite."
A dark haired mousy one spoke up. "We're not going to get naked."
"It's not naked, honey. You're just giving a little peek. It's sexy, and it's fun. I was nervous about it, too, but I've been in there an hour, and you actually do forget about it pretty quick."
They looked skeptical. Alison thought about how else she could try to convince them. Fuck. She really wanted to get this done so she could get into Ben's pants. She wanted a big dick.
"Look, girls, you're here already. You all look amazing. You don't want to leave and go to bed tonight lying in bed wondering what it was like in there, do you? And that you missed your chance to find out?"
They shifted, listening to her plea but still unsure.
"There are no phones or cameras. They are super strict about it. So no one will know or care. I guarantee it. It's a sea of boobs and nut sacks in there."
One of them gave a small guffaw at Alison's imagery. "Nut sacks, huh?"
"You bet. Girls, guys, some BONO, some not. Nobody cares. It's fun, I swear. You could always just leave if you hate it. But go in and have one drink."
They looked at each other, trying to get a feel for each others' level of conviction. Alison opened up the frat towel. "Look, see my tits? Not a big deal. Everybody's like that."
"Okay, what the fuck," the third girl said. She must have been influential because the other two sighed, issued a few more small protests, then shrugged in acceptance.
"Maddy, need your help!" Alison yelled out as she guided the three girls to the alcove where just an hour ago she had faced her own fears and popped her chest through holes in her shirt.
Back at the desk Ben was chatting with the two frat bros. She joined him, smiling, and he gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up about what he guessed was progress with the three cute girls. There still was a long line of dozens of people trying to get through the check-in. It was nice to get some fresh air.
"Hey!" he said, remembering. "We made it an hour! Let's get on that fucking list for next year. Yo! Bitches!" Computer guy looked up and chuckled, nodding his head. Ben's goofiness was infectious.
The girls returned after Maddy had done their thing. They endured the forehead tattoo as well and Alison took a peek as they flashed the boys to prove they were prepped to get in. Ben wisely had disappeared back inside when he saw them approach in order not to spook them, but Alison was sure he would get his fill of their naked tits once they were inside.
They all had small breasts. One had big nips, the others small little things just barely poking out. Maddy had done a perfect job getting just the nip to show without any of the white flesh of the breast. In the tiny nip cases you barely noticed that they were naked. Alison wondered which one Ben would find most attractive. They all had super babe faces, innocent and young with heavy eye makeup. An image of them sucking off Ben's big dick fired up some inner jealousy and motivated her to get in there and take advantage of her reward as soon as possible before he could get into too much trouble with them.
She tossed off the towel on the way back into the party and even felt a sense of relief. Maybe she was turning into a nudist of sorts! Having the freedom to not give a fuck was liberating.
She hadn't even finished her drink when she felt a tapping on the shoulder. It was who she hoped it would be.
"Done with the tiny titties already?" she teased, happy to see him so soon.
"Yeah, bitch. You were amazing. Jesus, they are cute little motherfuckers."
She frowned. "Don't tell me about how cute other women are."
"Oh, oops. Yeah, sorry. But they are just playthings. You are a woman. I hear we have something scheduled."
"Yeah? For real?" Alison felt a turn in her groin. She had talked big before but now she wondered if she would go through with it. If she could go through with it. Had she really told this handsome guy that she wanted to put her naked ass on his face and have him eat her out? Holy mother of God.
But he seemed ready. "I've got a favor to return and I always am good on my word."
As he led her up the stairs by her hand she started panicking. He found a bedroom at the far end of the hall and closed the door behind her. The noise of the party lessened.
"I think the way you said it was like this," he said, stripping off his briefs in one practiced motion--Jesus, how often did he do that, she wondered?-- and lowering himself to the floor, flat on his back. His dick was not even fully hard but already bigger than anything she had seen in person. Not that little high school dicks were much to remember.
"Oh my God," she confessed and laughed, trying to break the tension she felt. "Did I really put you up to this?"
"Come here my dear, there's no time to be shy now," he said, and he pulled her towards him on the floor. He removed what remained of her clothes and gave her ass special attention, smacking it lightly and kneading her buttocks. "This big beautiful ass goes right here, is what I understand," he said, swinging one of her legs over him and positioning her naked pussy right over his face and her head down by his dick. Fuck, she thought, he is really doing it. She shivered.
His tongue went right to work and she gasped. Shocks of pleasure ran up her spine and she started twerking her ass involuntarily. The muscles twitched on their own accord.
"Holy fucking Jesus," she moaned as he worked all around her soft lips of her vagina and even stuck his tongue up into her asshole; that was a sensation she'd never felt in her entire life and it was totally new and exhilarating. She flared her hands out on the floor beside his legs. She had wanted to take her time to enjoy this fine thick stick of cock right in front of her face, to play with it and maybe suck on it a little, even, or at least kiss it sweetly, but the waves of pleasure were so intense that she couldn't focus.
Then she thought she was getting control enough to get a breather, and he started sucking right on her clit. This brought new, loud moans and she arched her back.
"You're going to make me cum," she moaned.
He didn't say anything, but kept working hard on his job. His tongue was so strong and relentless.
"Wait, stop," she cried out, afraid she was going to cum too fast. So he stopped, and instantly she regretted it. Her pussy was hanging there, untouched, alone, craving more attention. It ached for his touch again, the feeling of his warm tongue pushing into every crevice and lighting up all those nerve endings.
"Fuck, no, keep going!"
"Yes, ma'am," he uttered and began again. It was heaven and she sat the full weight of her big ass down onto his face as he serviced her. He was strong and kneaded her butt cheeks with both hands as he worked. She'd never been fucked like this ever, not even close, and it opened up a new vista for her.
The waves started coming and she knew she was close to orgasm. She opened her eyes and ran her hand up and down on his throbbing dick. The poor guy hadn't had any attention yet. She managed one lick up the entire shaft before the waves gathered forces and rushed over her in a climactic tidal wave of pleasure. She stretched her body out flat on him as she came, shaking her groin.
"Holy shit," she said finally as she rolled off of him onto her back, exhausted. "That was... that was--"
He interrupted her with a kiss on the lips. "That was worth it?" he asked.
"Hell yes," she said with a laugh. "Bitch."
Then he laughed.
She recovered enough to roll back on her side. She reached a hand out to touch his half-erect penis. "I didn't even get a chance to play with this guy," she said, casually flipping it back and forth.
"Well, there's still plenty of time. I believe half an hour was the requested limit."
She blushed. "Oh my God, I can't believe I said all that. I must have drunk too much."
"Maybe getting naked let you lower your guard."
"Fuck yeah. That's an understatement."
He gave a "hmm" as she lightly fingered his dick with one hand; the other was on her own pussy, rubbing it, in an attempt to re-live the feeling of his mouth on her. That was the absolute shit when he sucked her clit. They should have classes for guys about that, she thought. She wondered if she would ever be able to orgasm any other way after this experience.
"Wait," she realized. "I'm being selfish. What do you like? Can I get you off?"
"Oh, bitch," he said. "It's all good. It's not going to be a problem."
"No, but tell me. What is your fantasy? Can I make it happen? I told you mine and you were fucking magic. Holy shit."
He mulled the question over, enjoying her attention on his cock in the meanwhile. "Well, probably a girl sucking me off, looking up at me with eyes. That's sexy as fuck."
"Oh no," Alison said.
"No?"
"That's just what I imagine those little girls would do with you once I got them naked. Their eyes were amazing. Fucking smoky eyes."
He laughed. "True."
"Did they suck you off?"
"Hmm. Are you jealous?"
"Of course! They are young and pretty. And they adore you."
"You are young and pretty." He ran a finger around her cheek.
"Mmm. And I suppose I adore you, too?"
"I wasn't going to say that, but I was hoping it was the case."
She reached over and kissed his dick a little. It stood up with the extra touches and he moaned softly.
"No," he said after a minute. "The answer is they didn't suck me off. I just kissed one of them and played with her tits a little."
"Do you want someone young and pretty to suck you off tonight? It won't be a successful night until that happens?" she teased.
"Only if they have smoky eyes," he shot back.
"Well you are in luck." She crawled off of him and went to her knees. She opened her mouth and looked up with blinking doe eyes in mock submission. It didn't take long for him to get his ass up off the floor to stand in front of her. His cock swelled bigger as he looked at her. With her tits out waiting for him it was sexy as fuck.
"Good girl," he said as he put his hands behind her head and brought her face towards his groin. His dick was extra wide so she had to open up her mouth to take it in. He pushed in slowly and she gagged a little. "Eyes always on me," he said, and she blinked a tear as she looked upwards in submission.
He started pulsing in and out and she struggled to take him. His hands were strong and didn't let her escape.
"Good girl," he said again, massaging her breast while she sucked. He'd been staring at those incredible nipples all night and enjoyed being able to touch them as much as he wanted now.
She moaned with his dick in her mouth and he said, "Almost there, honey" before beginning to shake and then exploding cum all around her mouth.
"Mmm... fuck," he moaned. She licked his balls, white cum dripping from her nose and mouth.
"There's a party at my frat next weekend," he said after a quiet moment.
"Yeah? What body part are we sticking out this time?"
He smiled and rubbed his finger around her face; her look of submission with those wet eyes brought him great pleasure. He would be ready to go again soon with that target.
"It's a pajama party. Nothing hanging out. At least not at the start."
"I'll be there," she said in a soft voice. "Just make sure I'm on the fucking list."