"What is this you are watching Caleb?"
Molly Indrabooty used her face time function on her cell to chat with her boyfriend, if you could call him that, Caleb Houser. He was obviously watching a porno on his laptop at home. Brother Nathan there beside him.
"Porno."
"I could be your porno if I were not so sore. I have blisters on my bum."
"Not good. That's okay you just get better. Once you come back to school I want you to show up Heather and the others girls. We're gonna do something really big next week."
"As long as my parents do not find out, I will do as you ask."
"Not asking Molly." He extends a droll dedicated stare.
Expressionless Molly immediately responds, "Yes, as you say."
"Daaaamn! This girl is destroying her pussy with a dildo." Nathan chuckles wanting to show Molly the laptop, but Caleb resisted. Hearing her Mother on the other side of the wall Molly winced. She had never heard her Mother masturbating alone before. Least of all so loudly. What had come over Marjorie Indrabooty?
"My Mommah is very loud today."
"I know! We can hear her as if we're right there beside you." Nathan rants as Caleb slugs him from the side to shut him up. Unknown to Molly they were watching her Mother on the laptop. They couldn't let Molly in on the devious nature of her next door neighbor Claude's hidden cameras and microphones. All over the Indrabooty condo were secret devices recording their every move. Even in the hallway, and down in the garage. Not even Caleb knew of everything at the moment, Claude aimed to surprise the boy at a later date. Caleb wanted as much footage of Molly's Mom as possible. The boy had a serious infatuation with her. He was on a mission to build a better Pornstar out of her.
A late night for Molly's Father at work allowed Marjorie time to enjoy herself. Since earlier in the day, when their other neighbor from down the hall Eric Champion took her to the drugstore, which led to a lengthy erotic tour of Miami, Marjorie's hormones were in overdrive. Eric was in her fantasy world suddenly. Not since her college days had Marjorie been so horny. A changed woman in such a short time. It would definitely get worse. Since marrying Sahseej even her innermost fantasies had been repressed. No longer. She loved her man but her needs were growing. Not good for her Hubby.
Of course, if she knew of his own betrayal it might not matter. Her husband was having an affair with a much younger woman behind Marjorie's back. A girl not much older than their daughter. The very sister of Molly's boyfriend. Small world indeed.
"Ohhhh! Do you like watching me play with myself Mister Champion?" Marjorie mumbles giggling at her sensitivity. Hearing her distinctly over his laptop Caleb frowns at her neighbors identity. In Claude's apartment the portly man chuckles swigging his beer, beside him the dashing Eric Champion himself. Man of the hour.
"I think you have her hooked Champ." Claude clinks his bottle against Eric's.
"Haven't even shown her my cock yet. She's in love." Eric smugly nods.
"I'm making copies of this. We can sell them overseas and split the profits."
"Sounds like a plan my devious Amigo."
"Her kids even hotter."
"Oh I know. If I have my way I'll be tapping Molly too."
"Been there done that." Claude brags.
"No fucking way." Eric expresses awe, "You fat bastard."
"Hey now! Wanna see?"
"Her yes. Not your wrinkled up ass."
"Careful now. I can always set cams up in your place too." He chuckles.
"You should. As much pussy as I bring home we could make a killing. Have you seen the hot bitches I get?"
"Yep! I'm game as long as it don't come between our budding friendship."
"I'm Pornstar material." Eric pats his crotch.
"Don't ever do that when we're alone again. I have a stun gun."
The two men laugh and agree to plant cams in Eric's bedroom and living room at least. With a privacy jammer should Eric need it. For now Claude switches his TV to a duel screen and observes both Marjorie and Molly naked in their beds. Easy enough to know who Molly was talking to as she refers to Caleb by name multiple times.
"Hey!" Claude sits up, "Why don't you call Marjorie. Let's see her reaction to your voice stimuli."
"Not a bad idea you sick Fucker." Eric snatches his cell from his pants pocket. "Shit! Three messages from three different girls. Might get some action tonight anyway. What you have a taste for? Chinese masseuse? Swedish stewardess? or, African American dancer? Don't give me that chocolate makes you break out shit. The Swedes make the best candy in the world." Eric chuckles.
"YA! I vood like to watch za Swiss Miss."
"You insensitive prick. Olga it is. Let me text her to come over at 10:00. How long it take you to set my place up?"
"Thirty minutes?"
"Got the parts?"
"Do I have the parts? I could set up every condo in this building by morning."
"Ooo! That cute redhead down in 3C."
"Already got her." Claude laughs flipping channels to watch a stunning redhead taking a bubble bath by candlelight. Sipping red wine for an elegant relaxation."
"Fuck Olga. Let's go take on Renee." Eric sits up mesmerized by her beauty. Muting her as Eric dials Marjorie's number he grins like the Devil. Channel sharing with Renee now the men observe Marjorie's cell ringing as she moans. Hearing her groan at its shrill annoyance Marjorie rolls over to lift her cell to see who was calling. Her dildo left inside her scalding hot pussy. A hand goes to her mouth as she reacts to his number.
"Oh yeah! She's wanting to answer it."
"She's only had my number for six hours." Eric Champion winks.
"She's biting." Claude goes silent pointing at Eric.
"Hello Eric." Marjorie whispers.
"Hey! Just checking in to see how your kid's feeling? That aloe help?"
"She seems to be alright. I haven't heard any dinner bell ring needing anything."
"Great! I'm glad she's doing better. How about you? How are you feeling?" He smirks toward Claude. On the TV Marjorie lays back with her cell to her ear and slyly begins moving her dildo in and out.
"I-I'm fine. Thank you for asking."
"Good. I better go before your husband wonders who you're talking to." Of course Eric knew Sahseej was not at home.
"He's working late tonight. You're safe this time." She stops plunging her toy to briskly rub her clit. Claude zooms in on her efforts. It was a thing of beauty.
"I won't be a nuisance I promise."
"You're not a nuisance. I-I'm happy that you cared enough to check on me."
"Good to know. We should go for a ride more often." He chuckles.
Her fingers remove the dildo in favor of inserting two fingers. Her legs lifting slightly made her sigh.
"I might be up for another ride sometime." She huffs slightly.
"You sound breathless. You working out?"
"Yes actually." She giggles then holds her breath, "I should be careful that Molly doesn't hear me."
"Hear you doing what?"
"My...workout. Talking to another man."
As Molly rambles in her bedroom to Caleb she doesn't see his reaction to Marjorie's caller. Caleb was overly curious as to whom the Mother was obviously flirting with. Nathan beside Caleb listened closer to the laptop speaker.
"She called the guy Eric." Nathan whispered into his brother's ear. He hadn't heard of any Eric before. Caleb was somewhat jealous.
"I don't want you to feel uncomfortable around me Marjorie. We can just be neighbors. Your ole' man is a decent guy I'd feel bad if he thought..."
"That we were fucking?" She whispers nibbling her lip awaiting his reaction.
"Are we fucking?"
"You asked me earlier if I liked it Indrabooty." She giggles lightly.
"You said that you did." He laughs at her.
"Truth? It's my favorite."
"Really now? That almost sounds like an invitation to sneak in the back door."
"We shall see." She smiles fingering herself harder. Her spine arching at how good it felt.
Eric was certainly seeing. So was Claude. So was Caleb and Nathan Houser. She put on a very seductive pose, her toes pointing out into the air as if wings on an airplane.
"Why do I get the feeling your workout has nothing to do with yoga pants?"
"Oh Eric." Marjorie whimpers at being busted. "Yes! I'm playing with myself. Do you object?"
"You know I don't. Go all out for me. Let's hear it."
"My daughter is on the other side of the wall."
"Can't tell me she hasn't heard you and Sahseej banging."
"That's different. That is natural."
"So is masturbating. Let's hear it Indrabooty."
"I cannot believe I'm willing to do this. I should never have...NO! I'm glad I did. My pussy is so wet Eric."
"Do NOT bite your tongue. If she questions you just say you're a grown woman and you missed your man."
"Alright! She would actually buy that."
"OH HELL NO!" Caleb snaps forcing Nathan to grit his teeth knowing Molly was watching them over their cells.
"Is everything alright Caleb?" Molly looked concerned.
"Fucking pop ups. These damned porn sites I swear." Caleb covered his tracks.
Nathan chimes in with a brilliant idea. "Molly should masturbate for us too."
"Right! Us too as in We two." He wanted to nut punch his little brother.
"I can try. I am rather crispy even down there." She shows them her peeling thighs. Her pussy beautiful regardless. Hearing her whine at repositioning Molly gives it her all. Massaging her clit young Molly heard her Mother moaning louder than before. "Can you not hear my Mommah? She is much louder. I am quite embarrassed."
"Don't be. She's just bored and lonely with your Dad at work. Right?" Caleb changes her tune.
"I suppose that to be truth."
"I dare you to get as loud as your Mom." Nathan jumps in.
"She will stop and see if I am in pain."
"DO IT!" Caleb commands her with a point.
"For you handsome Caleb, I will risk my Mommah's wrath." molly begins playing with herself harder. Fingers digging in deep she offers the boys a view of her wetness. Just next door in Claude's apartment Claude had decided to check on Molly too. Shocked the men watched a threesome of hot ladies masturbating. The downstairs neighbor Renee Wood had discovered her bathwater the perfect place to cum. Fist bumps between men, between unsuspecting brothers. The guys were settling in for a show.
Eric felt like antagonizing, "How's that pussy feeling Marjorie?"
"Delightful."
"Sure doesn't sound like it. Awful quiet over there."
"Eric please, My daughter."
"A minute ago you were more than willing."
"I'm afraid I'll yell out your name." She giggles.
"So do it. Just tell her you were watching reruns of True Blood. Remember Eric Northman?"
"I LOVE that series. Alexander Skarsgård is sooo hot. Oh My God! Now I'll be fantasizing about him."
"I look a bit like ole' Alex."
'You're an evil man Eric."
"FUCK THAT PUSSY!" Eric snarls.
"I love your brusque tone. I'm going to use my vibrator. Hold on." She sits her cell aside and leans over her mattress to dig into a bedside drawer. Returning with a whopper of a vibrating dildo that looked life like in color all four viewers huffed. Dicks were hard, as if they weren't already.
"Holy shit. That looks so fucking real." Caleb remarks.
"You act as if you have not seen me play before." Molly trembles.
"No I meant the Pornstar. She pulled out a massive dildo. She's sucking on it now."
Marjorie Indrabooty licked her toy from base to crown then suckles it for her own inspiration. Turning it on it wiggles in her mouth. Laughing at herself she removes it in order to speak.
"I just sucked your dick Eric."
"I can hear it buzzing."
"I think you should fuck me up the ass right now Mister." She rolls over in bed and positions her ass in the air, hands delicately probing the toys beastly head toward her ass. Excusing herself for a bottle of lube she fingers her anal pucker to prepare it for penetration. "Sorry! Needed some lubrication on this bad boy." They not only hear her introduction gasp but see her mouth widen in awe of its fit. "Sweet Jesus! It's been far too long. God this feels good. Fuck me Eric."
"Hands on those sexy hips now. Slapping those cheeks. Tugging that long hair of yours."
"YES ERIC!" She yells then buries her face into a pillow, looking up worried that Molly had heard her. Hearing instead her own daughter moaning at the top of her lungs.
Pausing Marjorie laughs, "Eric? My daughter is masturbating too. She must be talking to Caleb."
"Ignore it. Shake some windows Indrabooty." Eric sounded determined.
"So foolish!" Marjorie pounds her vibrator in her ass then stops just long enough to snatch up her earlier dildo and double penetrates herself. Between vibe wiggling in her ass and a sturdy cock in her cunt the Mrs. was howling like a wolf. "OH MY GOD! ERIC I"M GOING TO CUM."
On the other side of the wall Molly hearing her Mother stops cold to listen, "Mommah just called out to another man."
"GET BUSY MOL. SQUIRT FOR US." Caleb attempts to get her back on point. Molly winced then devoted herself to her man. In minutes both Indrabooty girls were having insane convulsions. Sharing similar moments leading into a deafening pair of orgasms. Goaded further both of them continued on for the next hour. Lost in their hormonal urges neither of the Indrabooty girls heard the front door open.
Entering Sahseej Indrabooty stops cold on the welcome mat. Listening to both sets of dirty talk and echoing moans he peaks an eyebrow. Silently shutting his front door he sets his briefcase on the sofa and untethers his tie. Absorbing their squeals of delight he first steps to Molly's door. It was not fully shut and her light was on. Shocked at the sight of seeing his daughter playing with herself on camera he nearly barged in to punish her. Sudden thoughts of his own misadventures kept him at bay. Kayla Houser, Caleb's older sister was his own play toy. He had nothing to say really. His wife had expressed to him that their daughter was an adult now. She was right. Shivering at how long he observed Molly made his stomach churn. If not for hearing his wife scream bloody murder for a third orgasm he might have stared at Molly a bit longer. The sickness of his sudden perversion made him leave her door. Slowly stepping to his own bedroom he turns the knob and peers within. There was Marjorie with two toys doing a devastating job on her holes. Entering silently he undresses watching her lost in her cries. This was rather impressive he thought.
Next door Claude and Eric sat up straight, dicks in their hands from all the beauties on camera. Noticing Sahseej undressing the boys bumped knuckles then winced at the fact that those same hands were busy jerking off their perspective cocks. Eric fluttered a disgusting pubic hair from his fingers. It wasn't his own. Gross fucker.
Across town Caleb and Nathan had similar disruptions in their own jacking off over both Indrabooty beauties. With baited breath the four viewers awaited the next move. Eric chose his words wisely as he whispers. "Say my name."
"ERIC! OH MY GOD I WANT YOU INSIDE ME." Sahseej hearing that halts at lowering his boxers. A chill consuming his soul. "FUCK YOU VAMPIRE. STAKE THROUGH YOUR GODDAMNED HEART FOR RAPING ME." This contorted her husband's facial expression. Had his wife gone mad? Her face hidden by pillows to block the glare of her cell she hadn't so much heard Sahseej enter as having had planned ahead.
"Who is this Eric?" Sahseej opens up startling her. She rolls over on her cell making certain he couldn't see it.
"Sahseej! You scared the life out of me." She pulls her toys free of both holes looking embarrassed. "I-you will think I'm silly. I was fantasizing about that actor on True Blood. Remember Eric? We used to watch that series when Molly was asleep. I feel so very foolish."
"Yes. I recall such a show. You used to make suggestive remarks about him to make me jealous." He pauses to hear Molly having her second orgasm. "Our daughter is feeling better? She shall go to school tomorrow then."
"Wow! I hadn't even heard her until now. Our baby is growing up so fast."
A snap visual in his thoughts of his beautiful daughter fingering herself. Her chest heaving breathlessly. Nipples hard as..."Yes she is indeed."
"Get over here Mister Indrabooty."
He lowers his boxers stepping out of them. "It has been a very long day." He yawns stretching. She knew that look. Disappointment made her pout. As she lowers her eyes he charges the bed and tackles his wife. She giggles as he tickles her sensitive spots. Minutes later he had her bent over fucking her from behind. His wife was in Heaven.
Luckily, her cell went dead beneath her pillow. Sahseej would not see another caller.
Four viewers nutted over the course of ten minutes. Molly in her final throes shreds the wallpaper. Her parents halting to listen.
"Let us give her a dose of her own medicine." Sahseej whispers.
"FUCK ME ERIC!" Sahseej leaned over and bit his wife's neck. She died laughing. She would have a hicky in the morning.
Next door Eric Champion dropped the mic.
As they watched the couple going at it they notice Molly get up from her bed having hung up with Caleb. Hearing her parents destructive sex she grew curious and tiptoed to their door. Unlike her Father to leave it open she discovered it ajar. As he had earlier she peered inside and found a fingernail between her teeth. She had never thought of watching her parents make love. Nor had she ever seen her Father naked. He was quite muscular. She found herself staring at his every ripple. Touching herself she trembled. What was she doing? Wild-eyed she shuffled back to her bedroom, switching the lights off and leaping into a wet set of sheets. Regardless she covered up her head.
For two hours straight Eric was a lucky man. Molly didn't understand. Who was Eric?
At 10:00 PM Eric Champion greeted Olga Svenson at his door. The woman was an easy Pamela Anderson. She was naked in his opened front threshold, leaving her uniform and undies outside. Leaping into his arms he carried the blond bombshell to his bed, offering Claude the show of his life, massive 40D's of playful silicone titties bouncing as she rode Eric. Her seductive moans forcing portly Claude to rub one off. Realizing her clothes were in the hall, he snuck out and sniffed Olga's panties, jerking his beast and cumming in them right there in the hall. He left them there wet, sick bastard that he was. Claude Romero was a piece of work.
Heading back into his condo he finalizes his night watching the redhead in 3C eating a cup of pudding on her sofa naked, watching of all things...True Blood. That fucking Eric. The guy got around.
Shutting everything off Romero sat back firing up a cigarette. In silence he hears Marjorie Indrabooty through his walls screaming a final time.
"Yeah! Yeah! Fuck me Eric." He grumbles blowing smoke with the cigarette dangling from his lips. Not this time. This round she changed her partner. Her husband got the credit.
"Now that's love."
He knew when to butt out.
Molly tossed and turned all night long, blaming the bed bugs that made her shudder. Images of her naked Father troubling her the bugs of her nightmare. In the peacefulness of early morning she heard her parents snoring, and beat up her pillow. Deciding her fate, she spreads her legs for another workout. Discovering herself really dry she pouts, when something suddenly dawned on the Hindi goddess.
She realized that aloe made for a good lubricant. Ten minutes of silent fulfillment she cooed.
"Night Poppah."
Like a baby she was out.