As I approached the "Single Rider" sign on the final day of Splash Mountain, a young woman cut in front of me, throwing a quick "excuse me" over her shoulder. I stifled my Angry Dad reaction; it's the Happiest Place on Earth, after all.
She was tall and lithe, with a head of curly hair that bounced as she walked. She had tied her Mouse t-shirt up below her breasts, showing off her back and slim hips, a body that looked like it had been to many dance classes. My eyes continued down to her backside, which was clad in high cut bikini bottoms, barely covering her well toned ass. While the analytical side of my brain wondered about park dress codes, the brain that resides in my shorts started reaching forward to say hi.
She turned to look at me, giving me the same up and down appraisal.
"Making history today, aren't we?" she said quietly.
"Umm, yeah, end of an era," I mumbled back, my pulse pounding in my ears and in my shorts.
Her eyes moved down my body to the tent in my shorts, her smile getting bigger. "Last day of the ride, last chance to...make a memory." She winked as she turned, her hip grazing my cock as the line slowly moved forward.
As we got closer to the front, the line lurched to a sudden stop, the crowd shoving me forward. I ran full into her, my chest molding to her back, my stiffening cock pushing into the cleft of her buttocks. I choked out some apologies while I pushed backwards, but I was stuck; people were just too excited about the ride and were straining forward. Speaking of straining forward, the motion was only grinding my increasingly hard dick further into this woman's ass.
She looked over her shoulder and winked at me again, her sly smile showing perfect white teeth and a perfectly naughty mindset.
"Someone's excited for the ride," she said. "I know I sure am." She pushed her ass into me as she spoke, making sure even a dead man got the message. "Too bad your friend can't come out to play."
I grinned, my breath catching with inspiration. I grabbed my emergency poncho, irritating the woman behind me as I threw it over my head. I apologized, my mouth dry with excitement. Poncho in place, I shuffled my shorts and boxers off. I contorted my arms under the poncho to shove my clothes into my backpack, the cutter giggling at my attempts to disguise my stripping. The breeze under the poncho on my bare balls was a refreshing surprise.
I sat in the back of the log, and she wiggled into my lap, my cock against her back under the poncho. Not even the cold water on the seat could dampen my excitement. I was in for a zippity do dah ride, for sure.
As we entered the cave, the animatronic critters singing and dancing, she reached back and pulled her bathing suit to the side, then pushed my cock down and moved back, her hot pussy resting on my shaft. The gentle rocking of the ride pushed her back and forth on my cock, the head of my dick rubbing her clit when she slid forward. Our breath and pulses synched, getting faster with each movement.
Approaching the last hill of the ride, and sensing that I might be closer to reaching my own last hill than she was, I reached around her waist, my fingers tickled by a surprising amount of pubic hair until they found her hot slit, split open around my shaft, her clit an inviting button. I slid my fingers over and around her clit, eliciting small moans and harder grinding as our boat ratcheted up that final hill.
We reached our peak. The pent up excitement erupted, and as we sped down the hill, she grabbed my hand in a vice grip, her muscles straining, her pussy quivering on my cock, which spasmed and throbbed as I came harder than I had in years. The final splash of Splash Mountain rained over us as she collapsed back against me, our breathing slowing as we bobbed to the end of the ride.
As we got out of the log, she leaned down, kissed my cheek, and whispered in my ear, "End of an era. Thanks for the memory."
I never saw her again, but every time I look at the ride photo, I smile.