I live in a senior's only building. It's a small building with fifty apartments. There is an office person, a part time maintenance man and a part time housekeeper. Both the office lady and the housekeeper play a part in this tale of mine.
I would flirt with May whenever we would happen to meet as she was doing her thing in the halls. My wife had passed several years earlier and while I was trying to pretend the flirting was just a little fun, in my head I was wishing for more than just talking. I really missed the hugs and the kisses and the touching and the licking and the sucking. Having gotten up in the years my penis wasn't like it was years ago. The erections weren't as hard and tended to wilt if not given good stimulation. And the orgasms were not so easy to achieve either. As a young man I was too quick and now to slow. Somewhere along the way I was just right. As least my wife thought so at that time.
It happened one day I was taking the trash down to the dumpster and May was running the vacuum cleaner in the hallway. "Wow, a sucking machine. I bet it does a good job. What do you think?"
She just grinned before answering back, "I guess I have no idea. It probably would be ok."
That was the first time she had responded so boldly. I didn't have an answer and blushing I rushed away with her calling out, "See ya later Jackson."
Several hours later there was a knock on my door. "Wait just a moment." I rushed to put some pants on before opening the door to see May standing there.
"You've been promising me a cup of coffee forever. I'm done for the day and want to collect, or where you just full of it?"
"No...No...Come in...Please."
I had May sitting at the kitchen table while I started the coffee maker. As I was getting out some cookies she asked, "How come it took so long to open the door? Are you hiding one of your girlfriends in the closet?"
"No...I wish there was a girlfriend."
"So...Why the delay then?"
"I needed to put some pants on if you really need to know."
"Ahhh, you were sitting around in your boxers huh?"
"No...I was not in my boxers."
"Naked? Wow, that surprises me. How so very brave of you, what if there was an emergency?"
"No, not naked either."
"No boxers, I don't picture you as tightie-whities. Come on what's the big story?"
"I'm wearing a pouch if you must know, happy?"
"And just what is a pouch?"
"You really want to know? How about you just eat a cookie and enjoy the coffee."
"No, I really don't know what you're talking about, so tell me what it is."
"You know what a thong is right? A pouch is kind of like that except instead of covering the ladies mound it holds a man's stuff in a pouch, with a narrow waist band and a thin strip in the back. So a thong type of thing. Happy?"
"Wow...Very interesting...Show me."
"I don't think that's a good idea."
"And why not, men wear those speedo things to the beach. They don't hide much. I'm guessing what you're wearing covers just about as much and if I was wearing thong panties you'd want a peek wouldn't you?"
"Well if the truth was to be told this conversation is causing a reaction that would be embarrassing. OK?"
"Ha, I'm giving you a boner?"
"Yes, damn it."
"Why?"
"This conversation, you're a very attractive woman. I've been without a companion for a while now. I'm not young but I'm not dead yet. Does that satisfy you?"
"OK...I'm sorry. I'm just going to go. Thanks for the coffee and cookies."
As she got up she bent over and gave me a quick kiss on the check. She turned toward the door and I realized I might be missing my one chance at something. "OK May...You can look. But if you laugh it's going to hurt."
She stopped and turned back. "Jackson, it's not necessary. I understand. If I was wearing a thong I'd be slow to show it off also. Except to someone I was close to. Am I close to you?"
I nodded my head, "I would like to think you are. My flirting and teasing may have been in fun but I do have feelings for you. To be honest...I'm not looking for a wife. I had one. I still love her but I need someone to be with. For those times when..."
"Show me, I promise not to laugh."
I was already barefoot so I pulled my shirt over my head and dropped it on a chair. I fumbled with my belt. The button was fighting me. The zipper was stuck. And then I was standing there with just a bright red pouch. It was made of some thin semi-transparent material which allowed May to see almost everything.
"Oh, Jackson...I love it." She moved toward me, "Turn around. Oh yes...Good looking butt. That's neat, the whole butt is showing. I can see the string disappear. Now turn to the front again. Do I really do that to you?"
Without waiting she dropped to her knees and touched me. One hand was cupping the pouch gently and the other was rubbing the bare skin on my ass.
Then it went from weird to outlandish. Freda was standing in the kitchen, her mouth hanging open. "I was knocking and no one answered. I was worried you might be sick or hurt. I'm sorry."
She turned to leave but May stopped her with, "Freda, look at this. Isn't it just wonderful? Jackson said I caused it. Come look at it. I think this's the biggest cock I've ever seen. Just look at it. I'm going to take it out and really look at it. Come help me."
It didn't take much convincing and Freda was on her knees right alongside May. May took the right waist band and Freda the left and they pulled down my pouch. When I sprang free May squealed and Freda bounced back as it almost hit her in on the chin.
"My turn first, I found it so I get it first." But May was willing to share. They took turns stroking and licking and sucking, I was getting ready to explode. I warned them. They leaned back and May encouraged me, "Stroke it Jackson...Do it...Come all over me. Let me see ya squirt. Do it...I'm ready."
The first shot hit her on her cheek.
"Now me," Freda cried. She nudged May to the side and pulled my cock into her mouth to catch the next shot.
A short tussle and all the rest of my juices landed on the floor. "Look what you've done. It's all done."
"Can you get it up again?"
"Maybe in a day or two, I'm no spring chicken anymore."
"How about maybe you do something to me then? Any experience in giving a lady an oral treat?"
Freda was getting off her knees. "I'm out of here. You guys have fun. I'll be back tomorrow. There was something I wanted to tell you but I forgot what it was. Maybe I'll remember...Oh yes, I remember now. I'll be back tomorrow...For sure."
The End
If you have thoughts on this little tale please share them. Thanks.