After forty years I realized it was over. What had once been a burning bonfire of passion had slowly burned itself out. When it was low I tried to stoke it and when it was just a flicker of a flame I fed it. When it was just a glowing ember I fanned it .But one morning I woke next to her, rolled over, and placed my hand against her perfect sixty-eight years old ass. When she swatted at my hand and scolded me for waking her up I realized that all that was left of that fire was a pile of ash, never to be rekindled with even the best spark I could provide.
Over the last few years I had retired so I could give her more of my time. I would bring her flowers when there wasn't really any reason for them. I cooked her favorite foods for her and I occasionally brought her chocolate. I never missed an anniversary, birthday, Valentines Day, etc. Last year she ignored all of those.
Despite all that, our divorce was fairly amicable. I let her have the house. It was all paid for. The only things I took were my tools and some personal effects. I moved a few miles away to the next town over. Life went on, albeit a fairly lonely one. I managed to hook up a few times but mostly my life was now centered around a few "bar buddies" and shooting pool. I did have occasional contacts with my kids and grand-kids but they were actually more inclined to be sympathetic to my ex. I understood. I had always tried to be there for their special events but since she never had a job she had always been the go-to parent.
So it was a real surprise when I got a call from my youngest daughter asking for my help and advice. Her job had moved her out west and she had just purchased her first home. She really just wanted me to be there and be a handyman and I had nothing better to do so I loaded a bunch of tools into my little SUV and drove 2000 miles to help her. She is single with no children but has a job where she only has to commute to an office twice a week The rest of the time she works from home.
The house had good bones but needed a lot of cosmetic work and landscaping. I figured it was about a three month project but I was OK with that. What I didn't count on was the lack of oxygen at almost seven thousand feet. Other than the occasional business trip that took me to the upper elevation cities, I had spent my whole life living within a couple hundred feet above sea level and most of it at less than fifty. I felt like a guppy that jumped out of the bowl after just a half hour of not very strenuous work. I now knew it was going to take me at least six months to finish the "Daddy Do" list of projects.
I mostly got my chores done in the morning and had found a local bar where I could hang out and have a couple of beers in the late afternoon, after which I would go home and fix dinner for the two of us. One day I got home and there was a strange car in the drive. I thought that maybe my little girl had found a boyfriend. Imagine my surprise to walk in the house and see my ex-wife!
They apologized for the shock and my wife gave me a kiss on the cheek. They already had dinner prepared and I was sort of numb as I sat down. I don't even remember what it was they had cooked. After dinner my daughter made some flimsy excuse to go to the store.
My ex asked if we could talk. I told her I was open to it and we retired to the family room. She told me she wanted a reset. I had tried so many times and done so much that I wasn't sure but I agreed to give it one last go. Forty years of marriage and raising four kids is a tough history to throw away.
That night she came to bed naked and I once again, got to taste her sweet pussy and drink her warm juices as she came. She returned the favor by giving me a nice long sweet blowjob like she had the first night we met. I woke her in the morning by licking that pussy again and finally gently sliding my cock inside her. She began to cum almost instantly and I felt like we maybe could fuel that fire again.
That was the apex. Within a week she was back to her old frigid self and was sleeping in the third bedroom.
That sent me back to the local bar. Usually it's pretty deserted in mid-afternoon but on this day there were three guys there I casually knew and a young girl sitting a few stools away from them. She was covered in tramp stamps, one of which was on her back, yet visible because of the short top she had on, An arrow pointed down and above it were the words "Enter Hear". (Yes it was misspelled)
She asked my name and I hers. "I'm Jen. Perhaps you've heard of me? I used to work here." I had indeed, but declined to tell her that I had heard she was a slut that used to work there and seemed to have learned how to make better tips by giving blow-jobs in the alley out back.
In addition to the tats she had fairly nice unconstrained tits, was a bit overweight, and with a soft ass. I bought her a drink and she moved closer to me. I complemented her artwork and she proceeded to show me more. She pulled up her top and underneath the nipple to my left it said "Hot". On the right it said "Cold"
I asked if she was a witch. She gave me a puzzled look. "Have you never hear the term "Colder than a witches left tit"? That made her laugh and her hand found my thigh.
I asked if she had any other tats she would like to share. She pushed down the waist to her jeans and there was another that was rather small but I recognized the familiar road sign shape. It said, "Slippery When Wet" and had an arrow pointing down. I laughed at that one.
"Confederate Railroad," once made famous a song called "Trashy Women," part of the lyrics are "I Like My Women A Little On The Trashy Side". Jen was the epitome a trashy woman. She was certainly not someone you'd want to take home to your Mom. and in my state of mind was just what I needed. I bought her another drink and went to the men's room to dump some used beer.
When I came back, the barmaid, who was also the owner, piped up. "OK girl. Put your mouth where the money is!" She laid a ten on the bar. The three guys at the bar also produced tens and placed them in front of them. "When he was in the restroom you said you'd like to know what it felt like to suck off a sixty-eight year old guy. Do it!" The guys at the bar just hooted their approval and reiterated their contribution to the show.
Jen grabbed my hand and started to pull me to the back door. "Uhuhuh Jen. We want to watch to make sure you will and can do it. She gave the owner a defiant look and pulled up a chair and dragged me to it.
I thought it was time for me to take charge. "No way bitch. Get on your knees like a proper whore!" This defiant look was now directed at me but she did what I ordered.
She unzipped my jeans and pulled them to my knees before pulling down my boxers. She gave me a derisive look. "Just what I thought I'd find; a little wrinkled worm!" I told her it was her job to get the wrinkles out and ordered to start sucking. That got laughs from the guys at the bar and they started chanting "Suck it, Suck it, Suck it!" in unison.
There's a funny thing about my cock. In walking around mode it is indeed a puny little two and a half inch long and thin worm, but when properly stimulated it will grow to a ten inch fat boy. As she started to suck my little worm it began to swell in girth and get longer. I once dated a structural engineer and she told me I had a large coefficient of expansion. I watched Jen's face as she felt me swell. Her eyes grew wide as I was at the entrance to her throat. I pulled back a bit while she sucked me up to my full capacity.
I pulled out and slapped her hard in the face with it. "Now suck it bitch. You've seen what I have; show me what you've got!"
She got me most of the way in but I was really in a foul mood because she had dissed my cock. I wrapped my fingers in her hair and just slammed my dick down her throat and held it there. I watched her eyes start to water and heard her gag. I pulled out for a few seconds and slammed it in again. I did it over and over. And finally her pleading eyes were begging me to finish. I pulled back and filled her mouth with three good ropes of hot cum. I didn't see her swallow but her eyes told me she was happy I wasn't hurting her throat anymore.
She got up and stuck out her tongue at the barmaid before picking up her ten and proceeded down the line to the three guys and showed each of them while picking up her cash before coming back to me. She showed me her cum-coated tongue and made a big deal about swallowing. Maybe she was waiting for a tip.
I looked down and I was at half mast and had seepage. I grabbed her arm, harder than I intended, and pushed her back to her knees. "You're not finished! Suck me until I'm dry and it's that little worm in your mouth again. Get every drop. At my age I don't want you to waste it!"
She did what I said and then I let her stand up. "Now get out of here you little whore. If you want more of me you'll have to learn to respect your elders and learn how to give a proper blow job."
She scurried out the door as I pulled up my pants and went to the jukebox and selected "Trashy Women" before I resumed my seat.
The barmaid poured me a fresh beer. "I never expected that. I thought you were a kind and gentle man." I told her I was sorry but Jen just pissed me off. "Don't be sorry; I loved it; for a number of reasons."
A month or so later I was back in my seat and there was only one other customer in the place. He seemed like a nice enough guy and told me he was TDY at the local Army base. We discussed the snow storm that was coming and I complained about have to shovel out at my age. "If you don't mind sir; how old are you?" I told him I was sixty-nine and he congratulated me on looking much younger. The snow picked up and he finished his beer and headed back to the base. I was sorry to see him go. He seemed like exactly the sort of guy I'd like my daughter to meet.
I turned my attention to the TV. They were showing non-stop storm reports. It looked like we could expect two feet and even more at the higher elevations. To complicate things it could get into the low nineties in two days and that sudden shift increased the risk of avalanche. I wondered why anyone would want to live in such a god-forsaken place. I was used to hot and steamy Florida. A cold day is when it gets below fifty. Since I retired, the only days I didn't wear shorts and sandals was when I had jury duty.
I told Rene, the owner, that I'd leave if she wanted to close up and go home. Rene is an interesting person. I'd guess her age at about forty-five. She had told me once that she had worked there when it was a topless bar and the owner had essentially given it to her when he was ready to retire. They still lived together. She has magnificent tits that appear to be natural. She has no ass to speak of but is pretty in a way with bleached blond hair and big brown eyes.
She walked to the door, turned off the open sign, and locked it before walking back behind the bar and fixing herself some weird concoction. She came around and sat next to me with her hand on my thigh.
"I thought you told Jen you were sixty-eight. You just told that young soldier you are sixty-nine." I reminded her that even old men still have birthdays and that it's older women who don't." That made her smile.
"When was your birthday?" I told her two days ago. "You were in here! Why didn't you say anything?" I told her it just didn't seem appropriate and she could have carded me and found out. That elicited another smile. "What did you get for your birthday?" I told her that everyone seemed to have forgotten it.
"That's a shame, especially on such a momentous one like sixty-nine! I thought you were entitled to a sixty- nine when you hit that day! I did that for my boyfriend. That's when he gave me the bar." That made me laugh.
"Tell you what; I'm on the rag so a sixty-nine is sort of out of the question, but how about if we do a sixty-eight." I gave her a puzzled look. "I blow you and you owe me one!" She didn't wait for an answer and led me to her office. We stripped off each others clothes as she pulled me to the couch and took my semi-hard cock in her mouth. She took me out and looked up at me.
"I liked what I saw when you were with Jen. Don't treat me like some fragile princess. Make my eyes tear and my throat sore! Give it to me rough. My boyfriend is too nice. I need a bad boy to use me!"
I didn't say a word but moved her over to where her skinny ass was hanging over the arm of the couch and her head was in my lap. She took me back in and I grabbed my jeans and pulled out the belt. Her eyes widened when she saw it but she didn't object. She kept sucking. I put one hand on the back of her head and took the belt in the other. I gently laid the strap across her ass and let her feel the leather before I picked it back up and swatted her. She winced but I really had been pretty easy with it. I did it again, this time a little smarter. As she gasped, I pushed my cock in deeper. After about ten more swats she had me all the way in and on the next one I could feel her throat contract as she gasped for breath.
I pushed her head off and got off the couch. Her ass was covered with welts. I pulled her legs apart and then separated her cheeks. The only lube on my cock was the mucus from her throat and my precum. I didn't care and just shoved it in. I took the belt and wrapped it around her throat. She screamed at the end of each stroke but almost hidden at the end of each garbled scream was the word "more". I pounded her ass until I had to cum.
I thought of just flooding her ass but had a better idea. I pulled out, grabbed her hair and fed her my dirty cock. "Suck that dirty cock. Clean it out both inside and outside." She did what I ordered, sucked me off, and continued until I once again had a tiny wrinkled worm."
I grabbed a bottle of lotion from her desk and soothed her sore ass cheeks and neck before walking out the front door. I guess I still owe her one but...