The City Of Angels, Spring 2008
Introduction
When she woke up Thursday, Sam showered and then took some time working lube and a variety of butt plugs into her tightest hole. She was expecting her Master to drop by and no doubt he had enjoyed one or more women last night. If she was fortunate, he would have enough left to put his cock into her ass. But he was not a patient man so she had to be ready.
Once she was done she crawled back into bed, where she could present her charms most effectively.
At the same time, her Master Paulo Zero, woke to find his cock in Belen's very skilled mouth. When he was ready she promptly mounted him and gave him a ride they both enjoyed. Belen was a mother of Paulo's most recent conquest, and had enjoyed the pleasure of Paulo's cock twice so far since sundown. Before bed she and her husband saw Paulo take her daughter's virgin ass, and Belen had been inspired to arrange an overnight trade.
For both Sam and Paulo, breakfast could wait.
-
Chapter 00. A Brief Review and Preview
This is the second book of the series that started with "Not Quite a White Knight." If you have not read Book 1 (parts 1 through 7, chapters 1 through 51, published 7-7-18 to 11-9-18) of "Not Quite a White Knight" you may be missing too much background to get much benefit from this.
This continues from the end of both "Not Quite a White Knight" and "Not Quite a White Witch Ch. 01."
Following his victory at the law firm our hero (AKA the Prince or Eric Grey or Paulo Zero or Jefe of the 49 street gang) hosted a celebratory dinner party at his mansion, known as Casa Grey, with two adult couples (Belen and Ernie, his aunt Sophia and uncle Martin), plus some younger guests (Cynthia, Pammie, and Tonto). After a wonderful dinner the adult guests enjoyed a evening of adult theater on the sex machines, some more traditional nighttime pleasures, and a very delightful morning wake-up from Belen.
At the same time, his new CEO Sam (AKA The White Witch) was hard at work. She had sell their services to David Barnes of the law firm, repair all the computers at the firm, and then consummate the deal between the two firms before she could rest.
This book will pick up our hero going to meat Sam at the motel in appreciation of the work she did for him, and then enjoying a wonderful breakfast. Chapters 2, 4 and 5 contain sex.
-
Chapter 01: Meating Sam For Breakfast
The City Of The Angeles
Leaving Casa Grey - the Mansion
Thursday May 22, 2008
I left the Casa without breakfast, Zar is a wonderful cook but I expected something special later and did not want to fill up. In consideration of the day's schedule I drove the new C-1500 which worked anywhere. I was headed for The Blank Hotel where I was going to see Sam about how her time with Barnes went. I actually felt sorry for her, she made a pile of cash but had to get naked with the old lizard and let him slobber on and in her body.
You could not pay me to do that.
Well, Sam was inventive, I'm sure she figured out a way to squeeze some fun out of his balls. Often I wondered at the strength of women, to allow such things to be done to them with a convincing smile. Obviously, Sam was motivated, mainly by her feelings for me and her general disassociation with life. Life to her was a video game.
Note to self: Strength of women - would any of the service girls make a great assassin?
Thirty hours ago Sam was an underemployed hacker and part-time tech for the law firm's computer service company. She worked the night shift nobody wanted. At her home she was essentially raped in her own bed on a daily basis, she made that work for her. Now she was my front as CEO of BHS Security and her first official action was consummating the first two contracts with law firm senior partner and chief asshole David Barnes. Her cut was $100,000 for the first 30 days, paid up front.
I think I was paying her exactly the right amount for her labors. But now I had to look in on her, as it was my pleasure to "supervise" my employee. I knew she hoped to get "a hard time" from me.
The fact was that Sam appreciated my attention and my cock more than she appreciated the money.
My meeting with Sam was set for 9, roughly eight hours after Barnes left the hotel. But I arrived at the hotel Blank a little early, I had one other stop to make in the hotel before I got to her room. I spent 15 minutes in a courtesy booth, reviewing the recording of last night's encounter between Sam and Barnes; cameras were in the ceiling over all three parts of the room (business desk, dining table and bed). It was a special service the hotel provided, the law firm paid for the DVD but would not know about. I would get the disk, but I doubted it would ever be useful. The performance was too boring to hold anybody's attention
I paid little attention to the contract and the meal, I really wanted to see how my pet CEO abused Barnes with his obvious blunt desires. I had left some of the drug "pink" in quick-drying liquid form for that purpose. It dried colorless and tasteless, but dissolved quickly in alcohol. Barnes could not resist scotch. With fast-forward I saw how it helped her manage my boss.
What transpired was very satisfactory, the tape showed they met to sign the papers with a room service dinner, and consummated the deal with extended foreplay in the plush bed the hotel provided. Barnes eventually got what he wanted, but it was not in any way "his" way, Sam made sure he provided private service to her satisfaction in front and in back before he got what he wanted. She could call the shots because Barnes thought he needed and wanted her. It set their pattern for the future.
In less than 30 days that feeling of "need her" would change to "can't survive without her." He would get a second dose of pink with her body. Then we could all rest easier.
Sam would do what I wanted her to, including prostitute herself to lower forms of life on my command, because she liked me (maybe she loved me once, and could again if I let her) plus she was addicted to a custom drug (called "pink") my Patron's pet German refuges cooked up. Pink was so rare and so new it was not against the law yet. Nobody else in the world could supply it. (With a good sample, a mass-spectrometer, and at least 6 moths burning through a couple dozen subjects for insanity tests a good biochemistry staff might. Hmm, you know, that sounds like the CIA.) Sam was addicted so she needed one pill a day, just like the vitamins. But sometimes an extra half-dose made things seem much better.
(A double-dose was not advised, it has a very steep delta and not everybody came back from that rabbit hole to wonder-wonderland. It was sort of like a record that got stuck in a very nice groove. I was one of the few who knew that round trip first-hand. I was once young and foolish, but I survived it. Also, the effect was subtle, nothing like a street drug, it was more a variation on "mellow" instead of a hit-in-the-brain high. Low lethal dose plus subtle effect meant it had no value in the general market; it could not be cut and would kill off your stupidest customers, and really, in terms of their customer base, who does your average drug dealer count on day in and day out? But for my half-dozen users, all selected for their positions or their knowledge, it was a steel leash that was undetectable.)
At 30 Sam is not, objectively, that attractive. The least of the service girls, and 90% of the wife-exchange women were more attractive. Clothes can help, but when the clothes came off the tattoos, piercings, burns and knife scars would have given Barnes second thoughts without the pink. Those taboo thoughts would have scared him stupid, and we could not have that. Once he was under the pink, I could see how things that normally would repulse him now fascinated him; like the hotel they were so different, and so alien, to all he knew.
Sam had experienced a rough LA life, and she made each bad phase, as well as the best experiences, part of her flesh avatar.
I saw how, with his pink-tinted eyes, Barnes saw Sam as a beautiful woman. Life has given Sam a very well-trained pussy to go with her genius-level dirty mind, and she knew what buttons to push, so Barnes quickly got comfortable in his pink meta-collar for a time. That led him to do things he would never do in his normal mind. Things he considered disgusting. Still, I had to say, Sam's performance at that point held my eyes.
I did not need to dwell on the DVD, I wanted to enjoy my breakfast. Blank has some great choices on the menu.
-
Chapter 02. Giving Sam What Sam Wants
I knocked on Sam's hotel room door and then went right in. My CEO whore was in a very good mood when she greeted me, she thought she would get lucky. She was probably right.
Sam was luxuriating in the wonderful oversized, very comfortable bedding the hotel provided. She figured I might have a treat for her. In fact, she sort of demanded it with her first words.
"Are you going to fuck me now please? Fuck your good little candy-slut kitten C - E - Okay? Pretty kitty pink please?" she asked me as she lewdly spread herself. She was still in the pink.
Significantly, this was before I gave her the weekly package of medicine she was expecting. Well, I took that as a sign the night had not been too rough for her.
"From the looks of things I'm guessing Barnes treated you right," I said. "You look a lot better than okay."
"Oh, I would not go that far. The old bastard was a scarecrow, certainly nothing to look at, but then, for a kitten, neither is a ball of yarn. Still it was fun to bend him. At the office yesterday I did a mind-fuck to show him who the boss was. Here I made him satisfy me, on his knees with harsh words in a harsh tone, and he was scared enough so he did an passable job." She covered her mouth in shock at what she did. I mimicked her, like I could see it in my mind. Actually, I had watched it on the screen. She had called the bitch out, bringing righteous fury when it was called for. "I made him do something else, something very naughty. After my pleasure came his humiliation when I gave him a better rubber and let him get to his jollies. That was no good for me but did not last too long... it was long enough to get him addicted to the feel of my very naughty pussy muscles. He will want more of me. I gave a good performance, so he wants more of the naughty, forbidden candy, and he will crawl to me to pay the price, I just know it. Then he was useless so he left me here, the bad side of 'so excited', the selfish jerk. You know how I hate to wake up horny, alone, and with a dry pussy. I prefer my crash-pad rapists, at least they leave me with a cum-filled puss to finger as I jill off in my pink haze. But we both know I want you more than anybody. Pet the kitty, make me smile? Pretty kitty please?"
"You know I'm not a fan of going second." I knew where this was going, but I played her little game.
"Oh, I do know that... you make an exception for yummy tall indians but otherwise you have your very strict rules." She did a great imitation of a snake wiggled to her belly and then stuck her butt in the air, showing me that both holes were very open, and back was all shiny with lube. She knew the buttons to push, the monkey brain buried in my gray matter knew what that suggested and went crazy to get in on the action. Woodie seconded the motion.
Seeing Sam from behind, with her butt in the air and both holes played-with and inviting was very attractive. I mean, it was almost "can't resist" attractive. Barnes had been just the start of her night; after he left she had entertained and exhausted many naughty toys to feed the feelings he started.
Sam continued her litany of enticement. "He used a rubber in my naughty pussy, but I figured you would want to fuck my... oh so tight... little... asshole... instead with your... OHHHH... big... wonderful... cock... Yum. Kitty-please? Old Barns-weenie didn't even touch me there, the prig. Well, except for his tongue. I made him tongue me inside. I was so bad!"
So I had seen. My goodness, her breathy voice was a turn-on by itself, she could make a fortune doing sex calls if she was so inclined.
She had prepared with lube and a butt-plug and more lube, I was aware the hotel supplied the best. I also knew that, when she was really into it, an improper ass-fuck with extras from her own hand and just a touch of brutality from me was better than any guy could give her in her pussy; after the indians trained her this whore is just wired that way.
"Are you sure you don't want breakfast instead?" I teased. We know I have many appetites. Blank does serve a superior breakfast, I am very fond of their bacon waffle with fruit salad. The thing they do with fresh apricots and a touch of brandy... to die for.
"I'd rather feel you cum in me, oh... so good," was her answer, then she tried a little girl voice, "that way I get good stuff in both ends." Next she tried to sound nasty, like a street slut in a mansion bedroom. "Please master, destroy my slut ass and leave me sobbing in beautiful pain. I'll suck your dirty cock after and consider myself well fed."
I waved off that offer. I never really saw the point of the ass-to-mouth thing. If I come in a messy ass because it feels or looks good to do so, the next thing I want is a shower, not a filthy suck spreading the yuck. If the ass is clean enough to eat, which this slut was capable of, then ATM is an empty gesture. In any event it is too much bother, plus it is almost impossible to get hard again on oral sex immediately after an ass-fuck. So what is the point?
Maybe the point is that I only like to fuck folks that I would want to kiss afterward. Kissing after ATM sort of defeats the whole exercise and is messed up. Okay, I know some guys get off on the ATM-thing as an ego-boost because they can MAKE a crack whore do it, but to me making a woman do anything is demeaning to the guy unless there is some alternate agenda, like revenge or information extraction. Even then it goes in the category of "wet work is work," not pleasure.
I really wanted some bacon from the Blank kitchens. Waffles and bacon with a first-class fruit salad of ripe berries and perfect melons, plus those naked fresh apricots, peeled and filled with... YUM! That sounded like just the thing. Well, Sam's ass was tempting.
When faced with a difficult choice like this I have a simple philosophy... "Well, they both look good, so I guess I'd rather settle for both." I typed in a very generous breakfast order on the room's terminal, then took off my clothes and after she had some fun sucking on my cock for a bit just to be friendly, I eased my naked cock into Sam's wonderful welcoming slick tight ass. She had enough good lube for both of us, so she opened wide and I smiled as I slid in.
I go bareback in selected friends and employees.
She wiggled for me in with pure pink delight. After the events of last 18 hours in my own house (Cythia's ass, then Belen's pussy thrice! Yum.) I can't say I was in championship form, but from the back Sam is not exactly a hardship to look at, plus her pussy muscles are not the only ones Marta's indians trained to olympic skill levels. It was important to keep her happy even if I owned her completely. Attitude informs good judgement which is part of what I trusted her to have when she was on duty. Finally, I admit, there is something special about seeing my name tattooed on her body in letters she could not even read as she moaned in pleasure while I fucked her talented ass. Let us say her signed ass inspired me. Good kitty.
I slipped into her body easily because her tight little sphincter is well trained in the art of "open wide and the swallow with a smile." She knows that we both like to feel her climax, so as soon as I was in she started strumming a tune, one hand strumming on her clit and the other doing "the twist" on a nipple. Sam is one of the strongest women I fuck, and I really like it when she is deep into the fuck and starts cumming so the involuntary muscle moves take over. I knew she was still pink-buzzed on the effects of the extra half-pill she took last night, they do enhance sexual feelings so the bottle warning label recommends taking the medication with sex toys handy. Or at least it would if we had a warning label. Or a bottle.
Basically, once I was in her eager ass I just moved in her enough to enjoy myself as she did all the fucking work. She loved it because she had 100% control. I loved it because she really looked and felt wonderful. I would have liked breakfast first, but she was not going to wait, she wanted me too much. So why ruin a good meal with her whimpering and begging? She would giggle adorably after. She might even give me her apricots.
Well, maybe that was too much to hope for. Damn, they are wonderful! Perfect ripeness.
(I asked about the apricots once, I really pushed a guy. He did not know where they came from but it seems the hotel got one box a day. He showed me the box, it was like a picnic cooler with individual holders like a carton of eggs. The box itself was sealed and insulated. It said "Antares" in greek. They are supposed to come with the seeds removed, but every so often one gets through. I paid plenty for those half-dozen seeds.)
Once she got off with my cock the first time, I started to work her, throwing in the extra goodies she likes. Sharp spanks on the butt are always good, then I added pulling and twisting her nipples harder than I did with anybody else, even reaching around and giving her shy clit a little excessively hard attention, which gets her crazy, all while stroking in and out of her tight ass, where she was doing everything she could to squeeze my cock to a climax.
She was about to get off the second time - this time with sound effects that are remarkably like an alley-cat at the loudest part of a good time - when room service walked in with our meal.
We did not let the audience bother us. They performed professionally. It really is a great hotel.
I had placed the order with a note to come right in after knocking once. They were to set up the table without disturbing whatever we were doing in the bed; it really is a great LA hotel. She began to make her prelude "really happy" noises, a panting sigh with a giggle and low moan added, before they were done setting down the plates. The indians taught Sam to make simple noises, they considered discussion a distraction.
With a hand signal I gave permission for the room service guys to stay if they wanted to watch. They gathered in the shadows around the bed until she was finished. It was LA, live porno performances don't get turned down very often. I threw her a few more hard spanks and lifted her on one side giving her a chance to show how slutty her flopping tits looked for her audience. Seeing people watching her pain and pleasure got her racing towards, over, and past, the tipping point. At the heights she yowled and sputtered and howled at full volume; it was a symphony of super-pleasured indignity combined with a mountain lioness orgasm. She delivered great drama and ball-grabbing exaltations for everybody. Especially me.
The audience liked the show. From the looks on their faces, more than half of the room service folks were not going to make it back to the kitchen before they put their naughty parts together in unusual combinations. Good show! I know the hotel had staff rooms for that very purpose on every floor; it was a great hotel to work for.
When her climax had run its course the room service folks (Guys? Girls? Undefined? I would not hazard a guess on any of them) gave us smiles of appreciation. I am sure they would have applauded except most of them had a handful of somebody's genitals. Their appreciation just tickled Sam with delight. Showing off restored the energy she had spent. I aped a bow while staying in the saddle, I still had to finish. They left without a word.
I still had work to do before I could eat the wonderful breakfast they had arranged on the table. Time to get cracking! We didn't want breakfast to get cold, and pulling out was impossible, so I gave her another sharp spank to double her efforts.
Breakfast smelled delicious, and I was getting some tingles down below, plus I had a busy day planned, so I pushed Sam's body flat on the bed and began to hammer away at her ass with my cock. She loves it when I show hard, sincere interest in fucking her body, so she started moaning again and carrying on about what a grand time she was having.
I responded that she was BEING a grand time and I simply had to fuck her more often. I must admit she felt pretty good to my cock. Sam is not a natural at ass-fucking, but she is very well-trained. She does remember to start some special flexing of her tight little gatekeeper muscle when the end is near. That was wonderful and it hit the spot, I spent about three minutes hammering away at her ass while telling her what a great slut she was under me, getting her wound up one more time. I finally gave her my climax just the way she liked it, deep and with meaning, and a whisper in her ear of how "my good CEO kitten" deserved her creme, deep so it was dripping out her ass all day. I gave her ear a firm nip, then pushed in, held on and gave it up. That was good to almost get her off by itself. It worked for me when I tasted blood (I really nipped her ear) and flipped out. She started coming after she felt me pump the first two pulses of my climax into her ass. She loves feeling me pump my load through her gatekeeper muscle, then spurt deep inside. Her cum inspired my balls to more effort, pulling out the last drops of what they held in deep reserve, and asking for more.
Cumming until I am dry, and then cumming some more, is a special feeling, ball-clenching pleasure with more than a dash of pain.
I must say, it was a great way for both of us to work up an appetite, which we were able to satisfy right after a quick rinse in the shower; we both needed to cool off and clean up before we ate.
These really were good waffles. I wondered aloud how they got them so light and fluffy while still keeping the essential nature as waffles? They were still hot so I went through them quickly, then came the fruit salad. I saved the divine apricots for last.
Sam agreed with me and wondered about getting the recipe. Seduce a cook? Rape a computer? Steal a book? She was always thinking, her mind was where she lived. Life In LA was a video game to her, and she was into grabbing the bonus points every day.
I had to admire that sense of detachment. The bacon was great too.
-
After the last of the meal was done Sam mentioned one question Barnes asked. After he was dressed but before he left, he asked if she was she was a "Black Hat person." He was wondering because he some of her body mods were computer-like, he thought their might be a linkage. He had noticed one of her body mods was a gold USB port near her ear. It was a dummy, but there was a real mini USB port under her hair; it was wired to a removable memory chip under a fold of artificial skin.
Sam got a sincere laugh at that question, then gave him the line we agreed to.
"I financed this company with my own and borrowed funds listed in my Prospectus, you will get a copy in due time. A 'Black Hat' doesn't do that, he reaches into the internet and funds appear as needed, often compliments of folks he has worked for before; people who have not given consent. They do not have a "look," they are relentlessly unique, and never wear a black hat. You will need one occasionally, but you should never, ever, get in bed with one; 'regret' and 'rape' are not a strong enough words for what will happen. Think surgical castration without drugs. I have a handler I can use as a go-between if I need one, but I would never make direct contact, that requires a real asshole cobra trainer to keep the Black Hat from biting you on contact... it only takes an instant. Look, the trouble is that if you get close enough to contact one directly just once, he OWNS you. It is how he sees the world. It always costs much more than you expect to pay, with the bill coming when it causes the most trouble for you. Always. It is their nature because they worship at the altar of 'The Trickster Loki' and his ilk, where words are lies and they deal in the dark. You and I, we worship at the altar of the green and gold - no, not the Packers but green paper and gold coins, supported by contracts and a meeting of the minds. We can deal with each other in the sight of our altar. A black hat does not see it that way, if you need him, he owns you."
Of course that was not all true, but it was scary and sounded good. Especially to Barnes who grew up in sight of the sacred Lambeau Cathedral in Green Bay.
After my "walk through Compton" speech yesterday Barnes had to try to go around me, it is his nature. A guy like Barnes figures he can always find a way to get over on somebody if he has enough time and they both use the same rules. But somebody "tricky" won't give him the time he wants, and they play by non-rules he does not know. Sam's warning was crafted to carry a mountain of weight. He really wanted to recruit a "Black Hat" by himself, to cut me out of the loop so he could stay on top, and he felt that money and a contract was all he needed. Now he understood that was a fool's goal, because he thought in terms of contracts. But no contract could bind a spectre or a trickster or a god.
Or a devil like me.
My new problem was that this might make him wonder how I thought I could leash such a beast the way I implied yesterday; he never pictured this buttoned down lawyer training cobras.
But then, he never saw me dressed for patrol duty, with body armor, my gun and machetes.
Well, I wasn't going to tell him my secrets, about the drug empire and the hundreds of gang members and my well-armed "fight to the death - meaning YOUR death" loyal soldiers. Plus my tribe of giant indians.
One thing that was promising was that, when Sam took her pill, Barnes was very interested. Next time he would accept the pill she held out for him. I wonder what would happen after that. Oh wait, I would get the DVD after.
We finished breakfast with Sam in a cuddly, totally tame kitten mood. She gave me one of her apricots. We fed each other strawberries and the most WONDERFUL maple syrup dripped on then licked off our various private parts. Also maple-dipped bacon - it was her inspiration. She deserved extra my extra bacon, if only I had some.
We jumped into the shower again - this time for fun. I grabbed some of the fantastic maple syrup for dessert and made up some sticky nipples that she held up to have me snack on. You can guess where she returned the favor. For a topper I also drizzled maple syrup in her open-lips shut-teeth mouth then cradled her head while I ate the sweetness out of her mouth like I eat a pussy. From that special attention alone - intimate, fun and inspired loving - she fell in love with me again. I did that same in a few other spots. But doing her mouth like that blew her mind. She was beyond delighted at my attentions. She knew all guys liked sex, but I was the only guy who ever just played with her like she was a fun person and a favorite sex toy. With her messed up life it was the closest thing she knew that felt like love. She just had to do something for me, to serve me. It is the way she thinks.
I let her.
I still needed a real shower, but Sam refused to let me wash myself. I just stood in the shower while she washed me with these super soft wash-gloves and body wash that the hotel uses. Then she soaped up her body and used that to wash me again... very slowly. If I had any spunk left she would have summoned it. Finally, after I was clean as could be, she applied her tongue to delicate parts front and back. Sam has a long tongue and when I bent over it went very, very deep. Fuck it felt good, but I was so spent I did not get to 80% hard even with that. She really appreciates my attentions and she is driven by her beliefs to return the good feelings she gets from another.
-
When we left I mentioned at the front desk that they could use screen shots from the HD camera over the bed showing her second anal climax on their "members only" web site as long as the faces were cropped out or otherwise rendered unrecognizable.
Their smiles said they already knew what I was talking about, the room service crew had spread the word so the desk staff had seen my work already. Management were particularly taken with the sound effects, it seems some of the video staff were doing "unprofessional things" after they edited it thanks to the inspiration provided, but too much dynamic range was lost when viewed second generation. They asked about the "lady's body markings" which told me the front desk crew had already seen the footage at full resolution. Despite that, their facial expressions were 100% professional, a sign of true discretion.
(Well, one small girl at the desk passed me a note asking for a date with either or both of us; she held up a leash and wiggled her ears. It was very unprofessional and I said that if we did such a thing I would have to punish her first, for her insolence. I had devices. That got smiles from everybody. The girl's ears wiggled even more. Heck, I would probably have to take pictures.)
I said they did not have to worry about the woman's body markings, those who knew didn't care, and those that didn't know could never ID her. Plus, the lady often changed things. They extended their thanks.
I suppose I should mention that 49, Toad and I are stockholders in this very expensive hotel. That is why we got to use it before the soft open next month, when the unwashed and their journalists will put their grubby hands everywhere. For now, only the dining room was open to the public, and even that was to limited clientele.
-
Chapter 03. Samantha Zeek's Rough Life
Ten years ago Sam was going to college (Cal Poly) while living with her sponsor when they had a foolish spat. They argued during the car ride from San Luis Obispo to LA with her sponsor getting so upset he left Sam on the dock when he departed on a sailboat for the South Pacific. All she had was the skimpy outfit she was wearing.
At the time Sam's mother was living with a crooked California Highway Patrol cop who figured Sam could "spread her legs and help Mom with the rent" whenever he needed his jollies and Mom was unavailable. Sam was not interested in getting porked by the cycle cop, so she knocked on Marta's door.
Marta and Sam had been neighbors when Sam was a child, long before she entered Cal Poly at 16. Marta took the skinny 20-year old in to help the cook for a few hours a day. Right off Sam also got us hooked up with AOL (this was 1998) and opened a new world for Marta. Marta sent a recommendation to the Patron, who got a wire strung for the service as well as the farm's first telephones. I was 18 that summer; wee shared the same roof for about two months.
There were a lot more hours in a day than the cook needed. Sam was eager for other activities. Marta's three indians - Qwit and a married couple - were glad to help the smart skinny girl who was curious and had no innocence to her. They trained her body, sometimes for ten hours a day, at skills for both the day job and night work. All three indians used her every night - it was no hardship for any of them - and I admit I shared the pleasure of her service when I was at home and had the energy. Toad and his friends also dropped over for friendly gang-bangs that Sam loved putting out for. Marta also got in on the action, trading pussy-licking sessions with Sam on Sunday evenings. That was always a special time for us; the two of them held each other, on the sides in a 69 position, licking away while I fucked whatever holes called to me. Sam liked getting it regular from the indians a lot better than what she got from the asshole moneybags who was paying for her top-drawer education. The indians all enjoyed the teaching exercise a great deal and gave her the first cuts on her flesh - an intricate design on one hip. But even by my standards she and I were not especially close.
At the urging of Sam's mother the cop spent a little time trying to find her, but when he came across Toad's name on the title to the house he knew better than to pursue it. There were too many ways a crooked cycle-cop could die or wind up in prison - or worse. Toad was known to have a place in Mexico, and the border was easier to cross before 9-11.
When Sam's sponsor came back from his boat trip - I suspect there was a mutiny as the asshole flew back 10 weeks after he left while the boat followed almost a year later - he invoked Sam's contract and took her back to his San Luis Obispo mansion to finish her last graduate semester at Cal Poly. After that she owed his corporation the customary 7 years employment as a well-paid computer geek and part-time bed-warmer. (There were 6 or more other girls sharing the night duty, and each other at the mansion.) The education and tech toys were really what she wanted in life, as an employee Sam had access to the bleeding edge of computer tech.
The rich guy died under violent circumstances (I did not do it) three years later, he was naturally arrogant and pissed off the wrong bad hombre. Sam and the other girls in the mansion were collateral damage; that night she started with a decidedly pro-forma rape. The half-dozen attackers intended a gang-rape, but there were more women than rapists, and Sam was not the most attractive, so she suffered one quickie and that was it. A former centerfold attracted the most attention from the attackers, she was used, continually, often by two or three at a time, until they were all exhausted.
When the attackers were finished they burned the mansion down with the girls tied up in the basement. But there was a hidden underground escape tunnel they could use after the crooks left and they got loose. By then the house was in flames. Sam held up a burning beam to save some of her female lovers; she got her burn scar when one girl tripped and Sam tried to help her up. The girl was pinned by a beam, Sam lifted the burning beam while another girl kept trying to free the trapped girl but they were unsuccessful.
With the rich guy gone, professional management took over running the corporation. The corporate types did not believe "his girls" had any usable skills so they fired them. Sam's graduate degree was given no consideration. Without a bed to warm in pleading her case, Sam found herself unemployed, tainted professionally and damaged. She got by on her own, her burn was poorly treated (mainly because of her attitude and impatience) and she needed pain meds so she hustled. A year later she ran into me and we developed a chemical relationship to replace the expensive street-drug addictions she thought she needed but could not get high on.
(Street dealers sell new customers good dope to get them hooked, then give them garbage when they come back. Garbage didn't get Sam high, it always came up short.)
In consideration of past pleasures, and at Marta's expressed wish, I first enrolled Sam into a pricey coma-based detox treatment. While she was under I visited every day I was in town, checking on her condition. Then in consideration of my own and her more primal wishes I spent a week in bed with her. I got her rehooked on my loving hard flesh and the new drug, pink. The pink was a mutual decision, she knew what it meant and was pleased to accept the leash. I knew it was good to have friends with skills that I could trust.
I am a selfish greedy bastard, but that was not the point here. Even clean after a month-long coma, Sam and I both knew she was going to get hooked on something, it had become part of her lifestyle since a burning building fell on her, when she saw and smelled some of her favorite pussy-licking friends cook. Those memories stay with you.
So once she was clean I suggested a better choice. Why not something safe and pure from me instead of poison cut with filth peddled by uncaring street-scum and assorted losers? If I and some indian friends had to bed her for a week to get her started right, it was no hardship for either side. I shared her with selected indians and she was delighted. The pill made sex better. As an ethical thing (I do have a code) I never took her money, and she was glad to help me as a computer geek whenever I needed. With the pink as a constant in her life, she could stand on her own, independent. Plus, unlike everything else she took, my pink actually made her feel good all day. The drug allowed her to function and excel while buzzed. So in her own mind she was well and doing what she wanted. She had other bad habits (like periodically telling her boss off using really bad words) that kept her in marginal employment despite her skills. But when she was on her own, online, that was okay with her.
Six months later she took her revenge on the corporate assholes who fired her. She set up a cascading crash of the company's computer systems, so it looked like every decision the managers made to address the problems cause more problems. All the crashes were targeted on the specific individuals who made the decision to fire her. Careers were trashed.
Because they dismissed her computer skills, they never considered that it was Sam's work. She was fine with that, life was a video game and she just scored more points.
-
Chapter 04. Giving Sam the Company Sam Needs
Sam and I spent the rest of the day setting her up in her new CEO life. Spending time with her built her appreciation for me, plus I had a front row seat for her decisions, to keep her on track. Honestly I was not 100% sure of her when the day started, it had been awhile since we last worked together. But in the end, after the last shower with benefits, we were both happy, so it paid off.
Yesterday, before going to the law office, she arranged short-term coverage for the on-site tech support, using some of the better folks she knew from the previous firm who knew the system and she could trust to actually take care of things. She would have to recruit more, but for now she had the next 48 hours covered with about 8 good people who were happy to work for a merit-based firm, instead of one where the comedians took working hours until something better came along.
Before staying at the hotel last night Sam was sleeping on a mattress in a hacker co-op, a crash-pad in a 3-bedroom house with 20 nerds and no internal doors. Nobody had a room, each had their computer, a bedroll and a box for stuff. The AC droned ineffectively 24/7, but sleep - which was usually in the heat of the day - was difficult. She slept nude and naturally was tempting to the nerds who drank caffeine, watched porn and played video games constantly until they fell over.
Nerds succumbed to temptation. Almost every day she found herself waking in the middle of her sleep when some skinny nob was halfway through using her naked body for quick release so he could get some sleep after the climax endorphins flooded his over-caffeinated body. Mother Nature made sure the guys got sleep. She always slept naked because of the heat, and because it would happen and the alternative was having the nerd klutz rip her panties.
The good news was nerds would not stick their fun prong into a sloppy hole, so even with all the guys around one rape per sleep was the usual limit. Since Sam was the only female regular in the place she usually responded with a dirty look and tried to jill herself back to sleep herself before the guy finished his quick-as-a-bunny fucking business.
The bastards never did it for her, and she frequently broadcast the inadequacy to everybody in earshot while she took care of business and finished what they started. Usually several nobs watched her while jerking themselves, but she never minded that. Plus it was not like she could avoid it, even the bathrooms had no doors, and she really lived on the house's stolen ultra-fast internet connection.
They did not call what they did to her rape because that was too much hassle for no real good; she accepted the male biological drive as part of her basic lifestyle, like the lack of proper AC. It was a regression to pre-historic times caused by poverty. At least the nerds were quick and didn't hurt. Plus she appreciated being the only girl most of them ever knew.
The occupants of the co-op were not really friends but when you were living on an expensive stolen internet connection you lived by different rules. A week after any such encounter she might have a need to steal the rapist-nerd's code-work or his games or his car. If the car broke down on the Gardena freeway at rush hour they were both out of luck.
Her regular wheels was a really old Vespa that pleaded "kill me" every time she started it. It topped out at about 50 MPH so driving on expressways were kind of a double-dare thing - she made great time buzzing by stopped cars when the expressways were more like parking lots - as long as nobody opened a door suddenly - but when they were moving she was risking her butt. The poor thing kept starting, it was its nature and its fate. The Vespa would never be stolen, if she left it someplace LAPD would track her down (recall: cop boyfriend for her mom, who was the registered owner) and give it back, charging Sam more than it was worth for the tow. It was just lucky that way.
Everything she wore yesterday she purchased using cash I gave her. She wondered if the car she "borrowed" made it back to the co-op and the car's owner, whoever that was. She left the car on the street near the Blank hotel. The only spot was in a no-parking zone so she was sure it would be cared for and the owner notified. Eventually.
Now she had $100,000 plus interest (more every day) in the bank. Even if life was a video game the shock of that much money was dangerous so I had to help her with it. Lunch would be on her dime.
(Yes, I also had bucks in the bank, my share of the contracts was 20% bigger than hers. But to be honest, she did not care about such things, because her life was a video game - she played the deluxe "LA with feelings" edition.)
Our first stop when we left the Blank was a location for both her home and office. I helped her pick an office suite at the same industrial complex as the Batcave - she might as well be close and it was a good secure central location with real AC. The upper-floor suite we chose was laid out so she could live there, which was likely given the hours she and her hand-picked gaggle of minions would work. Her door had a lock, not that it really mattered to her hacker-folk. There was also a large crash room with a shower for her minions. People would effectively live there, daily showers would be required. There were a few extra rooms for storage, and the suite could expand next door. She checked a junction box with her laptop, the connection was fast enough plus she could hack into the security cameras; heck, the landlord might become a client.
She spent a half hour ordering furniture for the suite, they had a service and the lease rates were good, especially since we did not know how long she would be here. After all I employed Sam so I could steal $50 million from the law firm as soon as I could. The computer security firm might get caught in the blowback. Plus I still had to pick a fall guy, and how I was going to do it.
Since she was near the Batcave I also gave her the number of my indian (Brisk) who was housed there. His crib was about 100 yards away.
"One of Marta's wonderful sexy indians!" she said with a smile. She had a LOT of good memories. "Can I call if I need... well... special nighttime help?"
I should have expected that. "Yes - but try to limit that. You don't know him, he is younger but he can help with security... like a nerd rebellion. But keep in mind, a decade ago they were Marta's indians, now they belong to me. His job is to be at my service 24/7, and these folks get rotated in and out. He is not your nightly bedroom service."
Samantha was suddenly very happy with one of the extra features in her new home. As CEO she made an executive decision and ordered herself a bigger bed.
I did have two firm rules: 1) nobody from the law firm was to know the location of her office, and 2) she would NEVER try to find where ANY indian lived. That included Brisk, he had standing permission to kill any nerd he caught. He also knew all the camera blind spots. She was okay with those rules.
-
Next we set out to buy her clothes, she had to shop like she had money, but do it quickly. No surprise, she knew a place. Here is where the bonus maple syrup-flavored attitude adjustment in the shower paid off, she did what I said on time and was okay with it. Her objective was to impress both the lawyers and the geeks who worked for her. That required a fine-tuned style. The geeks were more important, she had to look sharp but unattainable, so they would work late just to get another look at her in her soft PJs. (She planned to do a evening walk-through in a soft onesie-type with bunny-slippers after hours to inspire the troops to stay extra hours.) Shopping with a woman usually took too much time, but I have to admit Sam worked fast and pulled it off, getting her first week's worth of threads in less than two hours.
We saved time because she did not need frilly underwear - since she was a teenager she went commando down below. Bras were a different subject, each one took real time but for now she could make do with the tried and true inventory she had.
-
After getting her new clothes we went to the crashpad/hacker co-op and got her stuff - three backpacks, including one that was filled to the brim with sex toys, plus her desktop computer. That was a liquid-cooled monster she built. The power supply alone weighed 50 pounds. I loaded that monster first, it was heavy and awkward so I heated up. I was hot enough that I pulled off my shirt.
When we walked back in, one of the nerds from the skinny, pale-skinned herd worked up the guts to insist to me, in his high-strung voice, that the house was a "No Weapons Zone." I was wearing my Glock 20 in a shoulder rig for all to see, over a muscle tee. I gave him a look and he scurried off to find the "CPU of the House" who seemed to be drunk and sleeping.
I got more stuff loaded in the truck before the "dreaded CPU" was roused from his stupor. He may also have beat the nerd on general principles - he had my permission.
The bruised nerd returned followed by this large, overweight troll who seemed to have inherited the house. He was sort of a overweight bearded Cyber-Fagin, Cali-style, wearing a faded rock t-shirt (Kinks + Blondie '76, he looked like he was there) and ripped surf shorts. He took one look at me, my muscles were pumped from hefting the damn big computer, and put his hands up in the classic "don't want no trouble here" position.
"Chief, are you taking the girl? That's cool, whatever you like. Maybe there are some things the others have borrowed from her, you can go through their stuff if you want." I shifted to look at the guy who complained. Troll took the hint. "Okay Wiretop, you are expelled for 5 days. How dare you bother the Chief here? Pack up!"
The herd of pale-skinned nerds complained. First they whined about how the house was a "No Weapon Zone."
The Boss answered. "That rule applies to nobs, not a Chief like this who knows one end of a gun from the other, and was only likely to shoot his cannon... damn me, that is a big gun... at what he was aiming for. If this fine gentleman came in with a mini-gun and a naked bat'leth it is fine with me. But you nobs? I hear how you talk smack when you are gaming. If I let you have real weapons, like real butter knives, I'd have to clean up a lot of blood around here."
Okay, I admit to being the only one in the room who didn't know what a "bat'leth" was, and why it being naked had to be mentioned. I don't speak Klingon. They all did. Sam giggled at my expression when she showed me a picture of the weapon on the computer later. Think of the bastard child of a quarter-staff and a sword, with lots of extra sharps added.
Next they complained that I was taking the only woman, and she might not be willing.
On cue Sam said "oh, help me, save me from a fate worse than... oh, like... getting fucked every single day by bunny-quick nobs who can't get me off."
Then she introduced me to the herd. "This is my white knight, finally come to save my ass so he can violate it properly and repeatedly to our MUTUAL satisfaction! Look, at least one of you weenies rape me every day, but you bastards always leave me hanging! ALWAYS! He finishes the job... fuck me, he finishes the job so good... it is called satisfaction. I want it. I pleaded with him not to seek proper vengeance on your worthless bodies... because of all the blood you understand. You all have seen me naked. Tonight, I want each of you to imagine what you want to do to me, all of it... pretend your dicks are longer and last a lot longer. Then imagine that this, my yummy white knight hero is going to do all of that to my tender body, and a lot more, real... nice... and regular... all night. Plus his... Lance... I blush at the thought... it is SO impressive." She switched to a dramatic tone. "Ohhhh MY... the image of what awaits my tender parts almost got me off! Plus, sometimes he brings his handsome, tall friends to enjoy me as well. Men and... women... women with TOYS. OH! The things we do then! I actually had one of the young girls yesterday afternoon... she had dark skin... and was very very willing... OH FUCK it was hot in that shower... both times, before and after we made sweet hot love!" There was a collective groan, including the old guy. "There, you can all pull your dinkies for a month with that!"
As we were leaving the Boss asked the herd what they proposed he do about it even if I was kidnapping her. "Should we call the cops?" he asked, looking at their high-end computers (all sans sales receipts) and unauthorized network connections. "Maybe somebody wants to get pistol-whipped and shot. Did you see that silencer?" He got no suggestions. Then he shut them up by asking if there was anyone else who wanted a time-out like Wiretop.
As we pulled away Sam explained that the guys paid a measly rent each day, but she stayed for free because she was a woman, "a type uncommon in those parts, and nice to look at." With the blind eye of the "Boss" on their activities the guys in turn took certain advantages of her, like the daily "nerd rapes" which she considered a bother instead of a real problem. Sometimes they shared a shower, or gave her candy in exchange for a special treat, that type of thing. Honestly, because of the pink, she really needed a little stimulation every day and timed her pink accordingly. As far as STDs, those guys were safe as virgins, because they were not getting it from anyone else.
She would get her Vespa later, she had told the Boss so it was no problem, and it would be safe; it would not "run off" someplace.
She also told somebody where his car (a old Pinto) was, near the Blank hotel - or wherever the cops towed cars from near there. He had not noticed it was missing, he was probably a New Yorker or something.
As we left Sam picked two of the nerds out of the quivering herd to get her business cards (just a web address in elite nerd-code and one of her tats). She told them she would see them tomorrow, for a lunch meeting at 3 in the afternoon at the Moon-ROM cafe.
One of the guys was "Calico," a redhead who was her most frequent rapist in terms of rape incidents, but she refused to be upset with him. "It is a basic human need, and in the co-op we are a society with our own rules. I might hire him because he is a good hacker with good habits, mostly, but like all employees he has issues. Plus," she tapped my shoulder rig, "I think I can consider him as 'scared docile' for now, all I have to do is threaten to tell you about what he did to me and how many times. Also, he will shit his shorts the first time he sees any indian enter my bedroom shirtless, and will warn off the others."
All of the Indians are big, my mother was 6 feet tall and her sister Marta is taller. Brisk is about 6 feet 5 and 220 pounds of lean, tanned muscle, bred for mountain climbing.
Since the nerds believed I was now with Sam they gave up their hopes for her body, but with money they could eat, so the pair agreed to the meet. The location was in skateboard range of where food carts gathered.
In the truck I put my shirt back on. The AC was essential on a day like today.
-
Speaking of which, it was time for us to eat. Sam liked food carts, and that worked for me since they offered both speed and selection. She directed me to the "New Delhi In I" food cart for herself and got something veggie that smelled like... well, let's just say I would not let her eat it in the Chevy. As soon as I got a whiff I ordered her out. I grabbed some pizza slices for myself at a place nearby - they would not let her in with her food.
We talked while sitting at a lunch table outside, in the shade, eating like regular folks. Sam was thrilled with our progress and how I was supporting her. I pointed out I was getting paid, but she said she knew it was more than that. She knew she was smart and had a great set of skills. But more than that she said I was trusting her and her judgement and that meant the world to her. Plus, my time and attention were priceless.
I pointed out that the trust came with an invisible leash of chemical addiction, but she said that no drug pusher ever trusted an addicted woman's judgement like I did, so that was incidental. It got us both wondering why. We agreed it wasn't just sex, except she said, "still, we should probably keep the sex going... just to make sure. Okay?"
I didn't argue with my CEO/pink kitty. But after what she was eating I declined to kiss her.
-
Next we had to get her some new wheels, it took less time than the threads. She picked a mid-sized Ford Sport Trac 4-door pickup off the lot. We took more time when we dropped it off with my boys who would test it, tune it, then attach some style panels and mix up some custom paint to sharpen the look. They would also install a secure hard tonneau plus secure storage space for the box. We decided on a basic template for the paint, they would change one set of easy-to-change panels every week or so to keep it interesting. In LA, the significance of wheels could not be overstated, and she picked a hi-tech look instead of muscle.
In the meantime my guys gave her a loaner, a Dodge Magnum wagon with the big 6 and very few miles - and a question about the title. That generation the Chrysler 300, Charger and Magnum all used the same "platform." So the 49 Midnight Auto Car Shop class redid the wagon with a Charger front sheet metal and wooden panels. It caught the eye with geeks, car buffs and the beach crowd. Sam decided to keep it as the company car so she made arrangements for a title, there were questions because of how the car was acquired. Both vehicles were outfitted with trackers, wi-fi, and their own phones.
It was 8 in the evening when we were done and (after some fast deliveries) she had her new work-home set up for the night.
Sam wanted me to spend some more time "breaking in the new digs" and making her feel so good, but I had to get to work. She negotiated me into a quickie in the shower, it was not my favorite idea but I could not really say no, I had to agree she had been "a very good kitty" all day and I knew she had needs. Plus, she did not smell of the Indian food any more.
In the shower she favored me with an especially good rimming so it turned into something longer when I worked her pussy first from behind and then from the front while she had a very good time writhing on the floor. I did what I had to do to make her happy and I felt pretty good making her smile too. She got some bruises - that happens in a shower, but she was far from caring about that.
She really liked going to bed with pink, a pussy full of cum, and fresh memories of my kisses. To celebrate her new digs she turned the AC to 65 and put on her pink onesie footsie PJ.
She wanted me to stay the night, even if she knew it was not going to happen. "I never get the good ones to cuddle overnight," she said with a pout.
"You know full well that I am not a 'good one' by any measure. You have to pick your guys with more care. I picked you because of your brain, and you abilities, plus I needed a smart CEO at the head of our little company. Feel good about that."
"I do... I really value the trust you have in me. But I know the other is nice too. If you stay I will eat you up... starting from the bottom."
She made a very naughty and hard to resist face, with the tongue wiggling indecently. It is a very long and wonderful tongue. I did not have to imagine, I just had to call up recent memories. I admit I was tempted, but it was not my style.
"You know I am out of stuff for you, right? My balls are on empty. Also, nobody gets the good late-night cuddles from me on a regular basis, so count yourself lucky you don't find out the hard way. If you want that find yourself a good guy, not a lawyer or a drug seller or a gang leader or a criminal. Okay?"
"Where is the fun in that? You know I had my fill of corporate... stuff. Okay, that is good advice. Maybe... hell, we know I won't do that, bland is not in me. So I'll try... Andes Indian! Good night boss. Good night lover. Good night connection."
"No indian tonight, I count on you and you already had me."
"Okay."
I gave her a last kiss and then was out of there. Her body language was very seductive when she turned it on bright pink, she almost talked me into staying.
-
While Sam slept I had to do some real work for our little computer security firm. My next job for her was a set of suggestions for physical security of the law firm. I went to the law office to work. There I called up from a set of plans for the lot.
The partners would turn all the suggestions down based on the costs, which after all came out the partner's pockets. But something told me that future events - a ill wind from the South - would make Sam a prophet, bringing the partners further under her sway and freeing her future budget.
I predicted this would come thanks to a very young-looking female from Mexico with some time to kill... and some plastique to really murder the hell out of it. But I had to stay ahead of events so Sam had to get turned down before the Mexican killer lit her fuse.
It was best that Sam did not know those details. She would just suffer the praise and awe of Barnes and the other penny-pinching fools when the fireworks happened sending some of their own number to their eternal reward by surprise.
-
Chapter 05. Wiggling Giggling Moaning Naked Women
Thursday 8 PM to Friday 9 AM
After leaving Sam I drove to work and was in my office for the next 12 hours, half the time doing the water rights brief, which was my job after all, and half the time outlining the security report Sam was going to present to the partners like it was her own.
The first time I called for a service girl Li showed up all excited. Naturally she got naked right away. I didn't want sex (really, after 6 times in the last 24 hours, I was still dry) but I wanted relaxing company. It was 12:01 Friday morning so I was her first customer this shift.
Besides her gratitude for what I did to Larry, getting the other two senior partners fired made the office building a much nicer place for her and all the other girls to work; morale was up 100%. Then she had heard from Resha that there was a WOMAN with an office in the building, a white girl with Hindu practices and a very tatted up body. Furthermore, and even harder to believe, this woman licked hard-working girls after served them fantastic booze and considered that pleasure service was a two-way street! Resha took a shower with the woman, serviced her with a sincere smile, and then the miracle took place: the woman served Resha scotch with her own hands before going to her knees to deliver Resha's body to divine pleasure with her long tongue! She was amazing, Resha actually got off more than Sam had. She entered a state of Nirvanna! They ended with another shower that was very playful, a genuine pleasure like the end of a great date. Resha actually forgot she was at work, she said it was her best hour EVER, like in her whole life.
The bonus was that all this took place while Resha was ON THE CLOCK! That bolt of truth struck her as she walked past this very office!
How could such a thing happen to a little black mouth-whore on probation at the very bottom of the whore roster at Huttle, Shunt, Barnes and White Male Privileged Associates?
Li and Resha agreed I was to blame, but they had not said anything about Sam to the others yet. Still, everybody in her department was going crazy trying to learn more about sightings of a woman in the building - on the second floor. Except for staff, women - even wives - were normally allowed only on the first floor where there are meeting rooms and the top floor where the executive suites are located. Even the wife of David Barnes had to have an escort when she entered the building.
Li was on her knees with my pants open and my tender parts in her hands when she asked, "So what is the story boss?" You might say she had me by the short hairs, except I am shaved down there.
I disavowed any knowledge of what might or might not happen, I gruffly insisted it had to be that way. I had to keep things clear, Li was my spy, not the other way around.
Li extracted the truth out of me when she applied the pleasant type of torture - licking my balls with just the right touch. She is really very good.
Since I was going to tell the story I lost my shirts then had her get up and settle in my arms for a cuddle with extras instead of the usual BJ. It was so nice to have her warm naked body in my arms, wiggling with pleasure. She thoughtfully left my pants and shorts down around my ankles as she sat crosswise on my lap.
Under great pleasure and kisses I was forced to admit that yes, the firm fired their old security guys as part of the foolish business that got Larry killed by his wife (she did not know that part) and got CTO Chet plus Larry's second relative fired. (She did not know about the "relative" parts either.) I said that the partners had talked to me about the CTO job. (There were a betting pools going that said I would take it.) Instead I suggested a new computer tech support firm, which was made up of more skilled folks from the old firm under new "more security-minded" female management.
"Ah so, the plot thickens. A female management. Have you..."
I admitted I had known her for years. A decade.
"Not what I asked," Li said.
"I will exercise my fifth amendment rights on that," I replied like a lawyer.
"I know a yes when I hear one," she said with a smile.
I continued. They were already hired and were staffing the place with old familiar faces - people who knew things - so nobody noticed the change. I stressed that the arrangement was temporary - a 30 day contract - and that I did not know Sam's intentions for future visits by the girls, or more importantly what the partners might do. "They could cut her off completely, you girls were hired to service stuck-up male lawyers who, as you know, are assholes. Doing girls might spoil you. Getting done by an office holder is a great sin."
She agreed with that, "present company excepted. You always make me feel good. Always!"
I stressed that for now it was probably better that Sam's special view of service was not shared with any lawyers or any other girls.
Li asked if she could wager in the betting pool about me taking the CTO job - the betting deadline was Monday. Odds were 2-to-1 I would take it. I said that would be unfair to bet against the other working girls. But if the associates had a pool (they did), then it was okay as long as she did not get greedy. "I guess $500 is okay, $2,000 is too much."
She said she would do $1,000 - as a chinese girl everybody knew she could not help herself - and give $500 to Resha to bet, because she was a bad influence. After that I stopped the conversation with some serious kissing. We rarely do that, but since she had not serviced anyone else and we both wanted it, we made out like lovers to our heart's content. Li loves, and greatly appreciates, my kisses. Between kisses I explained about my empty balls. Sam drained my last before noon, then drained what I built up after 7 in the evening. It was not yet midnight so there was really nothing much to work with.
Li was an expert, she said she could manage to suck a climax out of my balls by using unfair, professional, make-a-guy-crazy tricks. But I said that maybe next time she could try. Then I went back to trying to tickle her tonsils. She said she would spread the word starting next week - after the bets settled - and admitted the news about Sam sounded too good to last.
As she sat on my lap she agreed that kisses and hands were good for both of us. Still, she wanted to share a snowball. That act means so much to Li, it makes her feel totally validated and worthwhile when I do it, it makes her day.
To Marta and the indians who taught me sex, a snowball was just good manners.
"Hands and kisses are better for me than you, I think," she said between kisses, as she felt my fingers move down her body to her happy spots. She really wanted that snowball.
"No snow today, we will tough it out," I said as my finger tip danced along her pussy. She got happy so quick and easy, we were both amazed at how good I was at pleasing her completely with my fingers. I loved kissing her when her tiny naked body strained in my grasp, wiggling and giggling because of how my fingers summoned a climax from her. I had to lock her in a kiss to keep her from yelling out when I touched her just so at the right moment. She kicked her little legs like crazy at release. That was how we filled the rest of our extended coffee break. She was delighted and exhausted when we ended the session.
I had two more coffee breaks during the 12-hour stint, a second one with Li where I paid a lot of attention to her tasty little titties and a third with Resha. In both cases I did not want sex, I just wanted to relax while I put my hands and lips on their delightful - and delight-able - bare bodies, to pleasure them for mutual enjoyment during their long shift.
For Li's second visit I had her straddle my legs while I sat in my chair, putting her nipples in a perfect position for tongue, lips and teeth to have their way with the nubbins. My fingers worked in her holes, front and back, finger fucking to beat the band. Again she had a very good time.
I may be a very bad person, a greedy person. I am a big strong guy compared to these short, underfed, skinny ladies. I do like sex with them. But I have to say, when I am sexed out (as I was), then taking an extended break holding one of the wiggling, giggling, moaning naked women tight in my arms, bringing them to the throes of a climax with a finger or three, is about the greatest pleasure I can grab for myself. Li and Resha both gave good giggles with wiggles, and that beats anything anyone can do with an exhausted cock.
Resha had always been wary about talking to me about "office things" especially during her office visits. Also, she did not like to depart from the usual "my cock-her mouth" routine of coffee breaks. Lawyers are, by nature, tricky bastards and she did not yet trust that she would not get in trouble. Most of the guys I work with are not above pretending to be friends with somebody, just to get some information or leverage. She just knew that I was different (I was worse), but trust still did not come easy for the firm's only black-skinned employee.
I was determined to win Resha's trust as the first step in recruiting her as a spy for me. Since she got on so well with Sam, I would use that.
It took some persuading, but once Resha was naked, on my lap being fingered to pleasant distraction, I mentioned a detail about Sam's body modifications. Then I mentioned a tattoo on her labia. It was a shock to her, Resha realized that I might know a good deal more about her new BNF (Best Naked Friend), as if I had actually done things to her naked! Were they disgusting things? I explained that Resha and I had both showered with the same lady in a 24-hour period, and probably had fingers in the same places. Resha was amazed. Then I told her how Sam and I had history, a decade's worth with "mutual naked play and excitement" along the way, and that after my third shower with her today I put Sam to bed in her new bed before coming to work. But Resha was not to tell anybody. (I was testing to see if any would come back to me from Li.)
Resha tried to jump off my lap, insisting that she had to kiss my feet, it was a matter of faith. I had heard that story from both Sam and Li. Well, far be it from me to interfere with somebody's deepest beliefs. I said that I would help, I grabbed Resha by the ankles, picked her up. (Both of these girls are really skin and bones, Li is well under 90 pounds and Resha is under 110.) Once I was holding her like that, upside down by the ankles, I said we could do it that way, then carefully lowered her head to my feet. Resha did not know whether to laugh from excitement or scream with terror. She did a little of both, it was very entertaining. It was late enough that nobody came to her rescue.
When she was done with her foot kissing - very sincere I must admit - I lifted her up, spread her legs, and found myself face-to-face with something else that needed a kiss - a set of lips. Two sets actually, inner and outer, major and minor, whatever. I planted my mouth on the front of her puss and used my tongue to activate her sound effects. She screamed and giggled, it is a good thing our office are very soundproofed. For the next few minutes Resha was was impressed all kinds of ways.
When we settled down with her in my lap again her pussy was much, much wetter and she was super turned on; a show of great strength, done with the right attitude, has that effect on tiny girls. Delightful.
With a running start I put my fingers in her slit and did my thing. It was quick, she got off in no time but was able to hold it in. Still, her look of surprise and wonder as I took her was priceless.
After we were over that hump of Resha's first finger-driven climax she was in a more playful mood. I was able to tickle her fancy very successfully. She had been on duty, servicing several guys with her smile, so she would not let me kiss her mouth. Instead she gave me a love bite on the neck to stifle the sound of her second climax. This was a biggie, she trashed and wiggled very violently in my arms. When we were done she said she was sorry to mark me but I said I would treasure it, and give her double kisses next time. She believed me and had to touch herself to make sure it was still real. I touched her again, just to help. One touch was not enough. Things progressed from there and I wound up with a second love bite to stifle the sound she was making. She was quite exhausted when we were done with that business.
This is the way to recruit a spy.
Still, she was skittish and did not want to talk too much office stuff in my office. So I suggested I could save her a cab ride home when her shift was up. I could leave when she was ready, we should meet at the bus stop on the street outside the parking lot. Her eyes lit up at the consideration I gave her. She had never known the like.
She told me later that when she left she was sure I would take her someplace and fuck her, whether she was willing or not. She firmly believed than men were not nice to her without a reason. She decided she would fight it, but eventually would give in.
-
Chapter 06. Recruiting A Spy
Friday May 23
9:00 AM to 11:00 AM
As soon as Resha got in my truck she gave one sniff and accused me of eating food from the "New Delhi In I" food cart. She ate Indian food and said the seasonings were unique. I said it was Sam, her food spent about ten seconds in the seat before I told her it was not allowed.
"Sam sat here? Today? With you?"
"It was just business... and technically it was yesterday. But yes, like I said I have known her for some time. That is a secret, and it must stay that way."
Next Resha had to thank me for the betting pool information Li gave her. Resha was paid less than the other girls so she appreciated some extra money. All these girls figure they will be gone after five years (probably true, unless there is a change in management), and their only prospects for the future are dismal, so they need every penny they can get their hands on, even if it means doing disgusting things for disgusting lawyers at work.
Instead of raping her like she expected I took her for a hot meal at an expensive place not far away. Despite being Hindu Resha is also Nigerian and very NOT a vegetarian. (She had enjoyed monkey brains - eaten from a live monkey much like that Hannibal Lector movie. She usually had to share her monkey with somebody like her mother.) The place we stopped did not have bush meat so we both ordered Nuske's bacon. She ate both orders and was spoiled for life. She felt guilty and was quite charming about it so I got her an order to go - it would keep and she could eat it on the way to work next time - if it lasted that long.
On the ride home Resha raved about how Sam had treated her, she said it was almost better than me. Her session with Sam lasted over an hour, so she was not sure if that would happen again. Barnes gave the blanket order, but the girls thought that might be a one-time thing.
I honestly did not know, but I said that it was the type of good luck that is easy to talk away. Resha understood karma so she agreed with that. I also mentioned that Barnes might remain open to Sam after the time he spent in her hotel room. Resha was amazed at that revelation, and gave another prayer of thanks to somebody "in poverty" (?) from India.
Now that we were friends and were someplace where the walls could not have ears Resha was much more open about what she had seen and heard in the last few days, and how people reacted to the dismissals and the new computer tech company. The new tech support firm used the people they knew so it was hardly noticed. What did get noticed was that things got done, several secretaries talked about how, these techs fixed things instead of always brown-nosing the lawyers and calling their own help guys when the printers jammed. The greedy partners were very happy because they avoided a firm-ending disaster - Barnes had issued a memo about the dark web auction sites that scared them shitless - plus all the partners would share in the equity plundered with Ben and Chet's sacking. They griped about the cost, Sam was charging a premium rate, but they were not going to go back to hiring unemployed jokers at bargain-basement prices, too much was at stake. Some partners wanted to take bids, to work the price down, but Barnes was very opposed to that, he sent out a slight irrational vehement memo that said "the Goldstein" might have a computer firm and stage another pirate attack. Nobody could figure that out, but it was pretty clear that other firms would not be invited in. In terms of the law stuff, some of the partners would pick up more work, but the consensus was that they had all moved up (bigger slices of the pie) and some younger guys would pick up the slack. We might hire more associates, once they are trained they do all the real work anyways.
The associates Resha sucked off since Wednesday were more a mixed group; they knew Larry was fired but had not been at the trial so they did not know why it happened. (They would see a recording of the trial - edited in length, format and content - next week.) The initial view was that if it could happen to Larry, with his connections, it could happen to them. They were right. Their mentors would connect the dots to figure out who was the new first among equals so I would get more respect. But now Resha knew for sure - and she said "he was a PLEASURE to work with, and good for a lovely bite or two besides!" She held up the bacon to-go while I pointed to a love bite. We both had a good laugh at that,
When I dropped her off she invited me in, that was when I knew I sincerely had her hooked.
I noticed that Resha had a child, she must have made a mistake with a guy when she was very young. From a quick look into a darkened room I could not really tell much. Resha said the father was no longer in the picture, he was supposedly up-state at state expense for a long time, or dead, but I could tell she really was covering a lack of certainty. She said his crimes really merited the death penalty but in Cali that never happens any more no matter what somebody does, the collective guilt of the masses is way too high.
Resha had both of her child's widowed grandmothers living with her (that is, Resha's mother and her baby-daddy's mother, they were both widows). They two were surprised and impressed to see me. Of course, they all depended on money Resha earned sucking white cocks in the office building where I worked, so they probably pictured me with my pants down. Well, I have to admit I liked Resha that way too.
After that ride home Resha was much more inclined to share things with me as soon as she got them, so I considered that connection a win.
The right mix of trust, delight and consideration makes a very potent drug.
-
Chapter 07. Crowd-Sourcing To Get Gracie Back
I left Resha's home at about 11 in the morning and drove to Sam's office to talk about the security proposal. On the way I passed the parking garage where Gracie switched into the Town Car for her drive to Detroit with Marta. That was only 9 days ago but it felt longer.
I missed her. I never felt "miss her" about anybody before, yet suddenly I was tempted to fly to Detroit right now. But I knew that would do nothing to get us back together long term. Plus, I had too many irons in the fire. As a compromise I pulled over and called Gracie at Marta's house.
It did not start as a joyful conversation. She was glad to hear from me, but she was still mourning her mother's death from Marzz and his Tuccos right after she left. Her Mother had not treated her well, but now she was gone and it was all because Gracie did something thousands of LA girls did every week, something to celebrate her important day, and it all went so wrong because the wrong guy was charming to her while she was receptive. Gracie was also feeling a little guilty because, now that she was free of her mother, she could do anything she wanted, except the thing she wanted the most which was to fly back here and move in with me. She wanted this even though she had never seen my face.
"I would still love you if you looked like Danny Trejo!" she insisted. "You sex me so good, and treat me with such consideration. You are such a man I wouldn't care what you looked like. I want to live with you... sleep with you... make your babies... lots of babies. I want to be your dirty secret woman if I can't be your wife."
That took me by surprise, I have NEVER lived with a girlfriend and my initial reaction was always negative - except for this time. Part of me wanted it right now. I made a real connection to her while she was blindfolded and bound in my basement for my pleasure every way I wanted to put my cock into her.
Let me tell you, I knew what was a very sick reason that was for either of us to fall in love. People should date, not fall for criminals and degenerates of the worst kind.
On the other hand, maybe I had found somebody as messed up as I was, somebody who's broken edges just happened to mesh with mine. Maybe fate or the angeles had a hand in it, after all I stopped a major gang war by rescuing her. Still, to share my life with her I would have to share all of it, and that was kind of complicated. For starters, what would she call me? Eric, Paulo, Prince, Jefe or Batman? Then there was the issue of my semi-wives like Abril and Zar plus whoever my grandfathers picked for me to marry specifically so I could make lots of heirs with them. I take care to keep everything compartmentalized, even my various ladies. But I know that never works with a wife. Especially an American wife in LA.
This was depressing so I changed the conversation. I let her tell me about all the things she was doing. Mark's wife Maria, Marta and Gracie seemed to be getting along super, they went out about three times a week (movies, theater, charity dinners, etc.) and that required a lot of shopping. But it wasn't LA shopping, so while it was good, it was not great.
Marta spoke some Portuguese that she learned from her mother, who was taken by the tribe as an orphan from a logging camp in Brazil. When Maria heard that she cried tears of joy, it changed her whole attitude about this forced "vacation."
(Mark was still at sea waiting out the cops on his wife's boat, there was no sense getting trapped in the case that the cops felt was a win for their team. Too many of his old FBI friends still had it in for him and they could entangle him in all kinds of legal ropes. They were likely to get him into custody for at least a short time, and any confinement could be very bad for Mark's health.)
I told her a bit about my boardroom victory. I did not share about being a lawyer, I just said it was corporate stuff, but was a big deal for me. She tried to reconcile "corporate stuff" with me as "Batman" who prowled abandoned buildings, stepping into gang-rape parties and hacking up drugged-out gang-bangers on a Friday night. She remembered our first talk, where she was bound between chopped-off body parts as she tried to entice me with her fantastic body even if we both knew I was trying to decide about the "dead or alive" thing for her.
I reminded her that Bruce Wayne was a millionaire rich guy, but she pointed out that was a comic book and Batman was not a "walking talking crime scene." In fact he had friends on the force, and that big-ass searchlight they used to call him.
Did LAPD have a searchlight to call me? No. In fact I was sure we both preferred it if thay did not know I existed.
I changed the subject again when I said I was just a complex guy and explaining was not going to do it. She would have to be here, "to see my world and see my people in it."
That started her on another "miss you" crying jag, plus I seemed to get something in my eye, so it was a good thing I had pulled over for this call.
Wait, had I said "see my people?" That was the trigger, when the idea of crowd-sourcing my Darnel problem hit me like a bolt out of the blue.
I gave her credit for the inspiration and said I needed to get started on it right away. She could hear the surge of excitement in my voice. She was confused about what she said, but if I was that excited it had to be a good thing and so she told me to "go for it" so I could bring her sweet fuckable bottom back to LA sooner for more sweet bondage rape and abuse by my cock. Plus the better shopping when I was busy. We ended on a positive note, it was so good that Marta called me later to thank me. Marta caught me before I left Sam's and naturally they had to talk for half an hour while I cooled my heels. Marta and Sam had exchanged pussy lickings in the past, and the action was very much mutually enjoyable. Marta does not forget such things.
I did not talk to Gracie about sex, she had Corum and two or more other handsome indians in the house, plus I knew she had been with Maria, and Marta was always interested. Also, if I raised the subject with her she might ask about me, and I did not want to get into that. I had enjoyed a lot of different pussies since she left. The funny thing was, I also did not want to lie to her about who I had sex with. That was another first I didn't need.
Next I called Q-Ball, to explain my idea of crowd sourcing and get the Ball rolling. He caught the excitement and said he would email his ideas to me within 10 hours. With that in motion I continued on to Sam's office. I was in a better mood, but I was running on fumes; even I need sleep sometimes. Right now I had been going for roughly 28 hours. I had not eaten much either.
When I got there Sam and I talked briefly about the security plan, but I was tired so basically I gave her a thumb drive. She noticed I was tired and suggested that I sleep there in her new bed. It was very comfortable. There might even be endorphins available for somebody. Perhaps she could help me sleep? How about the "natural" way she had helped so many nerds in her crash pad? She was more than willing.
I knew that song, it was nice but was not what I needed to stay razor sharp.
Also, I didn't like to think about those crash-pad incidents. On one hand, I knew that the nerds formed an isolated society which set their own rules; Sam had bought into that and accepted it which I really thought was great. I am okay with groups forming societies as long as they don't try to impose their values on others. In that society she slept naked and got "screwed without a choice" giving her a pussy full of cum to go with the pink pills - it made things better for her. But on the other hand, part of me wanted to send my boys in, to scoop up all the nerds so I could rape and kill each of the bastards real ugly. I don't swing that way, but I felt like making an exception under "wet work is work" rule.
Instead of sharing these disturbing thoughts I told Sam that unlike her nerd herd I was not over-caffeinated, plus I had my own bed nearby.
I did the compromise thing with Sam. She had her meeting with her prospective employees from the crash pad in a few hours. I would sleep "nearby" (at the Batcave - she just knew it was close) and we could do both business and pleasure together after both of us individually were done. It was a better plan.
In the meantime, she had an hour or two before her meeting so she would take my security outline and start her Power-Point for the stupid lawyers to turn down and be sorry about later.
She was not sure about that last part, but I said she had to trust me, because "an ill wind was coming from the South."
-
The Batcave was an apartment that was not shown on the blueprints of the office/parking building next door to Sam's building. Toad had the building constructed using a Mexican labor force, he arranged some late night visits to the houses of labor union leaders so they supported his waiver. There were some Easter Eggs that did not make the official plans. It was intended to be a fortress in case Toad went to war with LAPD or the mob, who would get the official plans and set themselves up for very bad things. But that never happened.
I got five hours of solid sleep in my own bed there, so I was good for 20 to 30 hours.
I dreamed of Gracie and I, both wearing Batman costumes, but only from the shoulders up and the knees down. Very drafty, but the outfits had their benefits. The Crown Vic morphed into a Batmobile (TV-series version, which was based on a Ford/Lincoln car) with a bondage bed in the trunk, and Sam did the Alfred role perfectly while a line of nerds fucked her from behind - at her request, but off the clock. Darnel and the late Larry were the villains trying to steal the LA water rights like in that Roman Polanski movie. It was a very vivid dream. I should write for Hollywood.
My takeaway for the dream? I really did want Gracie back.
When I woke up I called Sam. She was still an hour out (LA Friday afternoon traffic) so I had time to feed myself. I was in a much more organized mood when I got to her place.
I insisted on business before pleasure. She led off with a status report. After losing their biggest contract her previous firm had laid off a busload of good folks, so she was able to hire the ones she wanted at bargain rates. (Yes, she hacked their system for contact information, she said it was so easy it did not count as a hack.) Most of the folks they kept were people she didn't want, but there were three exceptions she might go after. For now we were on a makeshift schedule for manning the law firm, but we would get a steady schedule up next week. That all looked good, we were going to provide more and better coverage, and charge more accordingly, with lower costs to us because the overhead and labor costs were less. All our hires would sign a NDA and a non-compete, so if they quit we could hunt them down.
"We all had non-competes with the old firm, but they could not enforce them when they fired us. I can put a real bite in them." Sam said.
I had hired a smart woman. Plus, unlike the old computer support firm, I had legal and real muscle to back up the non-competes.
Our next topic was new clients. We were on-site at the law firm, but she wanted to do some off-site overview clients, because our business plan called for excess capacity here at her office. She outlined what she wanted to do and I approved it. This was all her idea, and it was a good one. I just cautioned her that we might have to pull the plug anytime in the first half of next year, so she had to keep of location and our people secure. This was news to her, although she knew I always had my own motive in getting her up and running so fast. None of her people had a long-term mindset. Including her.
She said she had hired Calico and Bumber, the two guys from the co-op. I was concerned about Calico taking physical freedoms. She countered by saying that US society had a false dichotomy for what was really the continuum of consent. She never invited anybody to "take her sexually," because if she had it would have implied some attraction lasting longer than the seven minutes SHE needed, thereby reducing her options. But she and the guys all knew exactly what would happen while she was sleeping with her fantastic body spread out naked like that in front of those nerds, she had basic needs too so she did not really have a problem with what they did. It was raw physical needs meshing in action but without any emotion because nobody was interested in that. (Well, they always ran short, but nothing could change that.) Emotion just confused things with guys, moreso with nerds.
She anticipated my next comment. "If he is a problem here I will make him very sorry, you can be sure of that... I know this drug dealer with muscle and a bad attitude... but for now, having Calico sane works for me. He is sharp. Almost Elite."
Well, she had to work with him. I just suggested that his margin with me was a little thinner than most, "And I knew a guy who was a lot worse than a drug dealer."
She would warn him to take care.
Next we went over the security proposal for the law firm. She had done great work, but she had the feeling it would not pass. She knew I was being a little strange about making an effort the lawyers were going to turn down, but I said she needed to trust me on this, it would "elevate" her to "seer" status. I also made it clear that she needed to tie it to the next contract, dropping it at the last minute with a price boost. I did not give her any specifics, but I said that making a strong push now would make her seem more valuable in the future. We finished up some of the fine points - I had a very specific layout planned for the cameras - then she closed the folder.
"Okay, the work is done. Now is it playtime? Please boss? Be the first in my new bed?" she asked. I had an idea about that. A up-front investment of time in Sam's emotions would pay off, and I had some time, so I decided to make the investment.
"Sam, I know what you want, but I had an idea about something we could do now to stretch the night out. How would you like to go on a date? An overnight date?"
-