Leena smiled. It was a wide, open mouthed, delighted, self satisfied smile that displayed the whiteness of her perfect teeth, and that reminded me of the moment when she had completed her first length of our villa swimming pool, an entire twelve metres, ecstatic that at the age of thirty she had finally learned to stay afloat. I felt proud that day as well, that I had managed to teach her, in just two afternoons.
But that was then, and this was now, and we were not at the villa that we had rented for two weeks of hot, French, July sun. We were at the beach, and we were in the sand dunes, not the sea. Leena had not been swimming in the water, but she had most definitely been swimming against the tide of several thousand years of Indian norms and expectations, and of what is forbidden and taboo to a well brought up Sikh woman who was not just a respectable suburban wife, but a practicing medic, having followed her proud parents into the only profession that they would give their blessing to.
Yet Leena was smiling, exhilarated, even though her face and hair and breasts were spattered, globules on her forehead, cheeks, nose, chin, neck, shoulders, and yet more on the slopes of her generously full breasts with their dark, saucer-like areolas and pencil-rubber nipple stubs. Her smile was so wide that one globule, that had hit her upper lip and started to slide onto her chin, was stretched into a fine, glistening spittle-like teardrop that threatened to break and cling instead to her gleaming teeth.
I rotated the zoom lens on my camera to get a close up, just her face and hair. That face could be nothing other than Indian. Leena has a classic, regal look, her nose perhaps a little too prominent, too strong, to be truly beautiful, but it is striking just the same, and complements her well defined, high cheekbones, huge eyes, dark irises and lashes, strong forehead, determined chin, and full, soft, lips, the same lips that had caused the spurts and spatters that were now despoiling her. I wanted to capture that face on film, or at least a memory card, the moment when she looked not the high class member of what thought itself the superior caste, but rather a stunning but outrageous whore.
A child might have done it, a playful rebellious ten year old with a water pistol, firing again and again at its human target. Except instead of water, it would have had to be a mix of something thick and slightly yellow, with something watery, perhaps yoghurt diluted down with milk, to get both the colouring and consistency exactly right. Not so thick that the water pistol would be difficult to fire. Not so liquid that it would just run down the target's face in watery drips. Pull the trigger and the pistol would eject, not a stream, but a spurt of creamy fluid. Aim and fire. Splatter, spurt, splatter, spurt. Eyes, mouth, nose, cheeks, neck and breasts, her open mouth the best target, forcing her to swallow.
Not that any of the creamy globules had been made from milk, or fired from a child's toy gun, or would taste of yoghurt, certainly not the sweetened kind. More bitter than yoghurt on the tongue. Sticky too, like translucent, creamy coloured treacle, clinging to her face and upper body. One of Leena's eyes was closed, a globule lying horizontally across the lid, trapped by her long lashes. Yet even with this eye closed, Leena was still smiling delightedly.
I was around ten feet away, from where I had watched it all take place, the sexual baptism of Baleen Kaur, now Baleen Armstrong, no longer pure and wholesome, but despoiled by men she did not know and never would. Leena had anglicised her given name to something she considered to be more feminine, although she had once proudly told me that Baleen meant "a slender and pretty girl", chosen by doting parents, confident their daughter would grow up to look just like her mother, as she had done. This baptism of Baleen by semen had been worth capturing on camera, and mine is old school, not a cell phone, but a real camera, optical viewfinder, exchangeable lenses, a mount for separate flash, and the lens that I was using was a compact zoom, which was why I could home in on every detail of her face.
I took several shots in succession, the best way to ensure that one, at least, would be the money shot. I may be an amateur, but my technique is reasonably good. I was confident that I had it in the bag, but before I had time to lower the camera, Leena saw it. She gave me a look, but could not question me without first lapping up any globules within licking distance of her tongue, cleaning her upper and lower lips and swallowing, which led her to screw up her mouth in protest at the bitter taste.
"Have you been taking photographs?" she asked.
"Of course," I said.
"You can't!" Leena almost squealed in mock embarrassment, yet managed to laugh at the same time. I love her accent, high class Indian, unchanged by life in London since her family moved there from the Punjab when she was just twelve.
"I thought maybe framed, put on display," I suggested.
"You shit!" she laughed. "But you can't keep them! You have to delete them all!
How many did you take?"
"Enough," I said. "I'll delete them later. Maybe."
"You'd better!" Leena was still laughing. "I need to go in the sea. My God, I'm covered! I thought they'd never stop!"
She got from her knees and stood, turned and walked through a cleft in the dunes towards the expanse of sand that sloped gently to the water and stretched for a kilometre on either side. I was left to marvel at her daring, and trying to remember just how many men had used her for the bukkake session.
I keep my promises. I had said I would delete the photographs, but first I needed to be ready. I always carry with my at least one memory stick. I took one from my bag and slotted it in place. In moments I had copied twenty something shots of Leena. I unplugged the stick, returned it to my bag, and waited for her return.
When she came back, her hair was streaming wet. Her full breasts undulated as she walked towards me. Her face was clean, glistening now with water droplets instead of the thicker, heavier, globules of semen that I guessed were now floating in the sea.
"Show me!" she demanded.
I showed her, using the screen at the back of the camera to run through my photos, one at a time.
"Oh My God!" she said again, a favourite expression for anything remotely surprising to her. "I am such a total slut! You have to delete those!"
"You're sure?" I asked. "You don't want a momento?"
"Are you kidding?" Leena exclaimed. "No one is ever going to know that I just did that! Delete them!"
More slowly this time, I went through the photos one by one, deleting and confirming each in turn, while Leena watched, until the next photo that appeared was an innocent beach scene from our walk the day before. Not even a naked naturist in sight.
"You swear you will never tell anyone!" Leena insisted.
"Okay," I said. "I swear."
"Say it properly," Leena demanded.
"I swear I will never tell anyone what just happened," I said, in a mock children's tone of voice.
"I can still taste it," she said.
"Bitter?" I asked.
"Have we something sweet to drink?"
"Coke," I suggested, rummaging in my bag and finding the cans that were no longer as chilled as they had been when we had bought them.
I passed one of the cans to her. She pulled the ring and the Coke fizzed out. She put it to her lips to stem the flow, and drank.
"Would you like some?" she asked me, offering the can.
I took it from her and drank from it, passing it back to her with a thank you.
"Is it bad to admit that I am feeling really turned on," she said, taking the can and drinking some more. "You know that sucking cock does nothing to satisfy a woman."
I was still getting used to Leena being so totally uninhibited about talking about sex, but then she had just been pretty uninhibited once she had decided to suck the first guy's cock.
"I could lick you out," I suggested.
"Would you?" she said.
"It's not like I haven't done it before," I answered.
"I mean here?" she said. "They know we're here now."
She meant the guys who roamed the dunes.
"I'll risk it," I offered.
It was not just my generosity of heart. I love licking her cunt. I am not sure what she uses after showering, but its scent is gorgeous. Her cunt is sheer, sexual heaven to my sense of smell and taste. It is depilated, the entrance totally devoid of hair, despite Sikh teaching that hair of any kind should never be cut.
I had asked her of course, the first time that I had seen her naked.
"So, if you are not allowed to cut your hair, how come your vulva has so little?"
It was my Mother," she had told me. "She prepared me for my future husband, long before we knew who it would be."
"And?" I had said, encouraging her to explain a little more.
"And she told me that I had to go and have it lasered before I took Amrit. That's what we have instead of your baptism, or maybe confirmation, but as an adult. After Amrit we are not allowed to cut any of our hair. Men or women. I do mean any. She said men do not like a woman to have so much hair, not for having sex, and most definitely not for when they use their mouths."
"She actually said that?" I remember asking, thinking of Leena's formidable, formal and reserved mother, in her medical whites, with stethoscope, or dressed in her traditional salwar kameez.
"Of course," Lenna had said, taken aback at my surprise. "Why not? Isn't that what mothers are for, to guide their daughters?"
Her logic was impeccable. Still, I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall for that conversation. The outcome was a vulva that was permanently depilated, other than a strip that started above her slit, and ran vertically upwards until it petered out to nothing. Licking between her darkly tinged labia is a joy, opening those folds, whose outer edges are almost black in colour, and tasting her within, is a delicious pleasure, and the chance to do it in the middle of the dunes, beneath the blazing sun, was not one I would turn down.
Finishing her Coke, Leena put the can to one side and made herself comfortable on her beach towel. The large beach sheet beneath our towels gave us plenty of space to manoeuvre. I lay on my front between her legs, leaning on my elbows. I softly kissed the exposed, moist, dark labia. They tasted wet and salty on my tongue, but then she had just been cleaning semen from her face and still had sea water droplets on her body. I probed deeper, my tongue penetrating between her labia, lapping at another wetness deeper inside her vulva that was neither salty, nor was it water from the sea. It was pure Leena.
***********
None of what had happened had been planned. Neither Leena nor I are swingers. It was supposed to be nothing more than a holiday in the sun, a get away from London. I would have been happy with not quite so luxurious a villa, or certainly without a pool, since we were just ten minutes from the sea, or even with a basic rental car and not the Lexus SUV that Leena had insisted on. My needs have never been materialistic, but then Leena had lived a charmed life, her parents, as hospital consultants, affording anything she wanted.
Neither of us had realised that the beach closest to the villa was naturist. We had already used the villa's pool, taking a couple of days after the flight from London to go nowhere else. Admittedly we had been basking naked on the luxury sun-beds since the pool was not overlooked by any other villa. To be honest, we had hardly dressed for those two days, just for one trip to a supermarche for our food. So when we parked the Lexus in the beach car park behind the dunes, used the boardwalk between dunes to reach the beach itself, expecting to wear our swimwear for the day, and saw a crowded beach full of naked people, we did not hesitate that long. Just for a fleeting moment. Then we found a spot, and shed our clothes, a British born caucasian, and a British educated Indian, both baring all in France.
I had gone naked on a beach before, not just in France, but on a Greek island, and in Lanzarote, so stripping off for me was not an issue. What fascinated me was Leena's apparent ease in taking off not just her shorts and tee-shirt, but the black one piece costume that I knew was the only style of swimwear she had ever worn, a bikini being just that bit too immodest in her culture. In mere moments, Leena put centuries of cultural norms the same place that she put her swimwear, out of sight behind her.
Inevitably, it was Leena who got noticed. Her natural complexion, light for an Indian, still defined her as decidedly non-European. Around us there were a lot of still pale bodies, a lot of Dutch and Germans with their blonde hair. Leena's hair, which, unlike her pubic growth, had never seen a pair of scissors, fell in a long curtain of glistening black, straight strands all the way to her naked butt. She stood out from the crowd, and she got looks.
But then, even had she been caucasian, Leena's body would have attracted looks. She has that perfect combination of a slender skeletal frame, with soft womanly flesh, possibly because she has never broken sweat with exercise. No track. No gym. That, in her culture, would be most unladylike. Yet her stomach is naturally slender in contrast with her upper body and her hips, even if it is still has a softening layer of what might be diplomatically described as puppy fat.
As if her slender frame were not enough, Leena has breasts to die for. They are what men dream of, and what every woman envies. They are fuller than her frame appears to be designed for, yet somehow, even without support, they still stand proud, with incredible, brown to the point of being almost black, areolas, as wide as my palm, and thick nipple stubs, the kind that other women develop during motherhood, from infants biting and gnawing as they feed, but that year Leena was not yet a mother. Her teats were just plain primed and ready, for when that day would come.
I hope, as a photographer and not a writer, that this conveys the image that she projected. One more thing. Leena not only looks amazing, but she knows it. Leena's proud parents told her that she looks wonderful every single day from birth, even before she began to understand Punjabi. They also taught her to stand proud, shoulders back, back straight, which in turn emphasises those generous breasts. No one on the beach outclassed her, and she knew it. I knew it too.
So Leena got looks. She not only got looks, she had constant 'walk-by's. The 'walk-by's were exclusively from men. They might be walking from their towel to the sea, or wandering through the crowd of sunbathers, or exercising by heading down the beach but once they had spotted Leena, they would change direction so that they walked right by, within feet of where we were stretched out on our beach sheet and towels, and slowing to a snail's pace as they passed us. They would take in every inch of her and Leena made it easy. Her legs were always slightly parted, whether for comfort, or because she liked her almost hairless vulva to get this intimate attention.
Of course I took photographs. Leena naked in the sea, waves breaking around her legs. Leena standing in the shallows, her back to me, arms raised, hands shielding her eyes from the sun, the outer curves of her breasts visible on either side of her slender back with its curtain of hair. Leena lying on her towel, legs slightly parted, vulva displayed, breasts forming pillows that spilled slightly to the sides of her rib-cage, areolas huge, stubs of nipples pointing to the sun.
Later on we took a stroll. The beach continues for one or two kilometres to the right of the car park boardwalk. People are mostly lazy, so closer to the car park it was crowded. The further we walked, the quieter it got, until there were no more than one or two people every fifty feet or so, some by the water's edge, some in the foothills of the dunes behind the beach. We walked on to the very end, although until we reached it we did not know there was an end. It turned out to be a river mouth, too deep to wade across, more beach beyond, not naturist, judging by the swimwear people there were wearing, a convenient, natural dividing line between those who dare to bare, and those who do not care to.
We walked back, and that was when I noticed them. Just three or four of them at first. Men, in the dunes, walking, sometimes only heads visible, sometimes upper bodies, looking around as much as looking out to sea, stopping to take in the two of us strolling at the water's edge, then moving on. Leena saw them too.
"Is something happening?" she asked. "Are they looking for something in the dunes?"
"I can't tell," I said.
"There must be something," Leena insisted. "I mean, look at that guy. Is he lost, or what?"
I could see the guy, no longer walking, but standing at the top of one of the dunes, naked, as he would be on that beach, looking around for something, one hand to his forehead against the sun. He did look at us, but he spent more time looking into the dunes themselves. I could also see what he was doing with his other hand. It was at his groin.
"Your guess is as good as mine," I said.
"There's one way to find out," Leena laughed her infectious, high pitched laugh.
She changed the direction we were walking in, no longer along the water's edge, but diagonally, towards the dunes. I followed, not sure that I really wanted to explore what was happening there, but sometimes you follow where another person's curiosity takes you.
Once in the dunes, we walked in the hollows in between hillocks. We had no idea what we might be looking for, or what it was the men were trying to locate, and it was just by chance we found it. It was in a slightly larger hollow. A couple who had deep tans, darker than Leena's colouring, as it was then. They had set up on their beach sheet and towels in a spot that would mostly be hidden from view. certainly invisible from the beach. She was on all fours, and he was behind her, on his knees. They were at it. They were fucking. Actual real life, uncensored fucking.
Leena saw them first.
"Oh my God!" she said, under her breath but loud enough for me, if no one else, to hear.
I caught up with her. We had just walked between two dunes and the scene we were confronted with was no more than twenty feet away. It so happened that we had a side on view. I could see the guy's cock each time that he withdrew to thrust back in, or at least I could see the shaft. To see the cock head would have required Superman's x-ray vision. The woman's breasts were too small to sway, but they formed inverted triangles below her torso, button nipples pointing to the ground. They were in their forties, both just slightly overweight, but none of their audience seemed to be complaining.
Four guys were watching. It did not take a genius to work out that this was what we had seen the men on the look-out for. Presumably, it was known that the dunes were a place where you could watch live action, and even get close up. The guys who were watching were not standing twenty feet away, but two or three feet at most. Any closer and they would have been standing on the couple's towels.
Two of the men were just watching. The other two were doing more. They were stroking their erections. I know that this is what watching porn online is all about, but watching guys masturbate in the open air was something else again. I got nervous, but Leena wanted to see more. She edged closer.
The two men on the far side of the couple had seen us by then and did not seem to mind the intrusion. Just the same, I was far from sure that getting closer to the action was the sensible thing to do.
"Are you sure about this?"
I threw my whisper as close to Leena as I could get it without the guys hearing. She turned and gave me an impish grin. Then she moved in even closer.
I guess that if you are brought up to believe that the world revolves around you, then you feel able to do whatever you want. Leena just slowly ambled right up to where the guy was fucking his wife, or girlfriend or whoever she was, as close as the guys who were watching, helping to form a circle around the scene. She seemed totally unphased by either the live sex that was taking place, or by the two men who were still masturbating, even as they made space for us to join the group.
Of course, I had no choice except to follow Leena, and ended up right beside her. I guess it was unsurprising that it was Leena who received rather more interested looks from the men who were there to watch the couple, than I did. She got almost at much voyeuristic attention as the couple fucking. I guess that it was not that often that an ethnic Indian with looks like hers joined in to watch this kind of outdoor exhibition.
I was almost relieved when the guy came. If your face can go red even when you have a dark tan, then that was the first sign that he was close. Then he stopped thrusting, on the forwards motion, the one that had his cock in her as deep as it could go. He ached his back. He gave out several uncontrolled groans. Put all that together and I knew for sure, the guy was coming. He was spewing semen deep into his companion, who was moaning, but did not seem to be orgasming. It does not always happen simultaneously. Sometimes, the guy just loses it, and is grateful that his partner understands.
Leena's hand found mine. She held it tightly. That was when I noticed that the guy the other side of her had moved a little sideways. He was now shoulder to shoulder with her, or maybe shoulder to elbow, allowing for the difference in their heights. Except his nearer arm was not by his side, but was behind her, and my guess was that that hand was not just dangling in the air.
Meanwhile, the guy we had been watching pulled out, his cock now semi-flaccid. He reached for a spare towel and wiped his cock dry, while his partner stayed exactly where she was. He got up, walked to the far side of her, and sat on a towel there. The woman still stayed exactly as she was. The guy gave a nod to one of what I had assumed to be an uninvited but still welcome audience. What I had not anticipated was that audience participation was a key part of this kind of outdoor show.
The man who had received the nod moved forward. He was one of the two men who had been masturbating, so his cock was erect, and angled towards the horizon. He knelt between the woman's legs. He guided his cock to her snatch. Next thing, he was fucking her.
That was all that it had taken. A nod. "Ma femme est votre femme." At least I assume that they were French. It seemed like some stranger fucking the guy's woman was no big thing. Maybe that was why they were there is the first place. They liked to fuck. They liked to be watched. She liked to be fucked some more. He liked to watch it happening. It was a part of what makes the world go around that I had never expected to witness up close like this, but that is what was happening.
Meanwhile the guy on the other side of Leena was getting more personal with her. He had moved right behind her. Close behind her. Very close behind her. So close behind her that his cock had to be pressed right up against her.
The hand that had been behind her last time that I had looked was now on her hip, fingers wrapped around her pelvic bone, encouraging her not to move away. He did not seem to care that she was still holding my own hand, just inches from his. But then his other hand was cupping her left breast. He was actively caressing it, stroking it with his huge palm, feeling its weight, even using a thick thumb and finger to play with her nipple, squeezing, twisting a little, pulling it outwards, distending the soft curve of the breast flesh into a forward pointing cone.
I thought about objecting. The guy was being seriously presumptuous. But my guess was that he would just laugh it off. Besides, by walking right into the middle of the show, Leena had virtually offered herself for the taking. Instead of objecting, I used the less direct approach.
"Should we go?" I asked Leena, no longer holding back on a whisper.
"You do not wish to fuck?" the man asked. The words were English. The accent was French. He had heard me use English, and I guess that the words he was using were pretty well known everywhere.
"Merci," Leena said, "mais, non."
She was no longer whispering either. She was using her confident, high class, Indian voice, even if the words were French.
He released her breast and stepped back a pace, theatrically, as if mocking her, but complying just the same. We retreated from the scene, back to the open sand and the sea.
"People really do that?" Leena exclaimed, once we were out of earshot.
"I guess they do," I said.
"I mean, if I had let him, he would have,...?"
"I'm pretty sure he would," I said.
"Wow!"was all she could find to say. Then she gave out a giggly, school-girlish laugh.
**************
We did not head into the dunes again for a week. We used the beach, although we also took a couple of days out to do some sight-seeing - the respectable kind of sights that you find in guide-books. The Lexus was comfortable to drive in, smooth and responsive. Maybe that is why Leena wanted it, for those qualities. Smooth and responsive.
On the days that we used the beach, we would take the same walk each afternoon, all the way to the defining river and back, staying close to the water's edge, and we would see heads bobbing about in the dunes, bodies occasionally appearing, and we laughed at what we had seen that day, and what might be going on up there, and we talked about how daring you would have to be to actually do anything like that.
If you are brought up to believe that you are wonderful, beautiful, amazing, and a Sikh, one of the elite, and that anything and everything is possible, and almost owed to you, I guess that gives you a special kind of confidence. The kind that makes you think that it might be fun if, instead of setting up our beach sheet and our towels along with most people, near the car park boardwalk, we were to take them into the dunes, and spend the afternoon lazing there, just to see what happened. That takes a special kind of confidence. Dumb, arrogant confidence. The kind that gets your face decorated with semen.
It was just one guy at first. He walked casually between a couple of the dunes that we were nestled in the middle of, and strolled on up to us. It took a moment before I recognised him as the guy who had fondled Leena's breast the week before. It was Leena that he stood in front of. He was direct, crudely direct.
"This time you fuck," he said to Leena.
If it had been a question, there would have been an inflection on the last word. He was not asking. He was telling her what was expected.
I had been lying on my front. Leena was on her back. As always, her legs were slightly parted, which meant her virtually hairless vulva, with its protruding, dark skinned labia, was displayed to the guy. When I turned my head to look, that is where our intruder's eyes were focused.
Leena sat up as I turned over. To give herself a stable base to sit, she did what I can never do. She sat yogi style, both legs bent at the knee, left foot over right thigh, then right foot over left calf and thigh, back straight. I envy her ability to sit like that.
"No," she said, her voice strong and confident. "Maybe another time?"
There was almost laughter in her voice, as if she found the situation amusing. I was not sure that that was the wisest approach to take. But the guy seemed to find it amusing, or maybe it was Leena's "No", that made him smile.
Either way, he started to stroke his cock. It was a decent size cock, not circumcised, but not unattractive, his pubic hair trimmed short, maybe to make his cock seem just that bit more impressive. At he stroked it, it began to swell and straighten, while the head started to emerge from its hiding place inside the foreskin.
"The beach is for sun-bathe," the guy said. "You come in dunes, then you fuck. You saw last time."
"Can't we just lie here?" Leena said, giving him her widest smile.
The problem with that smile is that it can have so many meanings. It could have been read as just a friendly way of turning down an invitation, or he might have felt that she was laughing at him, instead of with him, or she could even have been flirting with the guy, playing that centuries old game of cock teasing that can be fun, or can go badly wrong. The same smile could mean any of those things.
"Okay," the guy shrugged. "I find some friends. I think they will like to fuck you too. You have time to work it out. You leave, then okay. You still here when we get back, then I think you want to fuck me and my friends. No more asking. Comprenez?
I could hear the undertone. The guy was serious. Except that is not the way it happened. He did not need to go and find any friends. As if on cue, two more guys turned up before Leena could respond. Like the first guy, they did not hesitate to join us. One of them said something to the first guy in French, and he was answered at length. The new arrival turned to Leena.
"My friend says you do not like to fuck with him," he said. "I think it is better if you do. He says you have been here another time, and you have been watching, so you know what happens here. He says you have very good body, and he wants to fuck you. I think maybe it is better to agree."
The first guy moved closer. His feet were on Leena's towel, his toes almost touching her yogi calves. He was still stroking his cock, now just inches from her face. There was no question, he was being pretty assertive about what he wanted.
In some ways, I did not blame the guy. Leena had brought this situation on herself. The guy's logic was impeccable. We had watched the other couple, not just fucking, but letting another guy fuck the woman too. We had worked out why the guys were checking out the dunes. Yet Leena had persuaded me to set up our beach things right in the middle of the dunes, where the only people around were guys like this. Which made me wonder what Leena really wanted, what she had expected to happen, when, as was inevitable, some of the men who roamed here eventually found us.
Leena said nothing. Her head was angled back, staring up at the guy, eyes wide, her full lips in the natural pout that she could do absolutely nothing about. The guy continued stroking his cock, his foreskin retracting again and again, baring the head each time.
"Which country is it you are from?" he asked her.
Leena hesitated before answering. It seemed like she was unsure about continuing any kind of interchange with him.
"England," she finally said.
"Not England," the guy said. "Before, your family comes from where?"
Again Leena hesitated.
"From India," she said.
"Okay," he shrugged. "Then say me, in your country, women suck cock?"
Leena paused, thinking how to answer.
"If the man wants," she said at last.
"Then suck this cock," he said. He made it sound all so reasonable, nothing untoward.
Leena was still staring up at the guy from her sitting position on her beach towel. I was saying nothing, not that these guys would have paid any attention to what I said.
The guy inched forward again his feet pushing right under Leena's folded legs. Where he had been standing, his cock had been inches from her face. Now it was right there, and he used his hand to guide it to her lips. Keeping the foreskin pulled back, he touched the head to Leena's lips.
It was like a kind of sexual Mexican stand off. Any other woman would have ducked their head away. Leena did not move. She did not pull away. She just kept looking up at the guy as he moved his cock from side to side, grazing her lips with the swollen, taut skinned head, moving further forward, so that he was pushing against them. Leena did not give an inch. It seemed like she wanted to show the guy that she was not afraid of his cock.
"Ouvrez la bouche," he said. "Open the mouth."
Leena opened her mouth, just a fraction.
"Ouvrez!" he said again. His voice was quietly assertive, but with an undertone of unspoken threat.
Leena opened her mouth wider, wide enough to accept the mushroom cock head, except the man did not have to move forward, because Leena did that for him, leaning her upper body towards him to take the head inside her mouth and close her lips around the shaft, sucking on it, and from what I could make out, doing something with her tongue. She was still looking up at the guy and it seemed to me that her eyes still had that look of playfulness about them.
As if in slow motion, Leena moved her arm, raising her hand to where his hand had been while he had been stroking himself to erection. She slowly wrapped long fingers around his cock, and began a steady stroking of the shaft as she continued sucking on the cock head.
Somehow, just as slowly, while she still had the guy's cock head in her mouth and was still stroking the shaft, she rearranged herself on her towel, moving from sitting on her butt to squatting. Then she did something that sent a jolt of shock and awe right through my body. She let go of the guy's cock, put her both hands around his butt, and leaned further forward, taking his cock all the way inside her mouth, until her nose was pressed against the flatness of his lower belly.
Leena stayed like that for several moments while I held my breath. Stunned by what I was witnessing, by pure instinct I started counting. The "one thousand and..." count. The way you count seconds when you do not have a watch. While I was counting, I was taking in what I was seeing. Anna's strong nose was pressed hard against the guy's stomach, pushing into it. Her neck was distended, as if she had an adam's apple, but higher, more towards her jaw. That could only be his cock head, engorged in her throat, distorting the normally perfect lines of jaw and neck. A vein, or artery, was visibly pulsing. So was the bulge in her throat. Either Leena was struggling against the gagging reflex, or his cock head was responding to the smooth, soft tightness it was unexpectedly enjoying.
I made it to one thousand and ninety seven before Leena backed away. Not all the way. She went back to sucking on the guy's cock head. I went back to breathing. I guess that Leena went back to breathing too, because there was no way she had been breathing while she was nuzzling the stranger's groin. The guy's cock would have blocked her airways all that time, which made what she had just done all the more impressive.
The two guys watching grinned.
"Merde! Je la veux quand il a fini."
It was the guy who had already spoken who said it. My French was good enough to understand. He wanted his turn with Leena when the first guy was finished.
For all I knew, Leena was now doing something with her tongue on the guy's cock head, maybe playing with the eye, or with the frenum, but reading the guy's face, whatever she was doing, he was enjoying it. Then she started bobbing her head backwards and forwards. In effect, he was fucking her mouth, but it was Leena who was doing the moving, her hands still on the guy's butt, her arms controlling just how far she took his cock into her mouth. Every so often her nose was back at the guy's lower belly, her lips around the base of his shaft, and she would stay like that, not for ninety seven seconds, but long enough to let the guy enjoy just how deep she could take his cock head, giving the nerve endings of his head the sensations of opening up and sliding down her throat each time she did it, and each time I could see the same bulging of her slender neck.
Any guy can only take so much. He came. My guess is that the first spurt went straight down Leena's throat, because his cock was deep when he grunted with the exquisite torture of the first ejaculation. Leena would not have even tasted those first spurts of semen. They bypassed those sensory receptors. Once she sensed him ejaculating, Leena backed off, and the second load exploded right in her mouth. She would have had that bitter taste, but she did not seem to care, although she did back away completely, as more semen spurted from his cock. That hit her cheek, and then another, weaker jet of semen landed on her breasts.
Leena stared up at him. I read the expression in that look. The polite version was "You didn't think that I could do that". Less polite would be her saying just two words, "Fuck you!". Except there was something else as well in the look she gave the guy, intended not for him, but revealing of her thoughts. She looked self-satisfied, almost proud of what she had just done, and something told me that she had enjoyed it. In spite of how she had seemed to have been forced to do it, it seemed like for Leena, it had been fun.
That was where her problem began, except it seemed to be less of a problem for her than I would have expected. The guy who had been watching, who had spoken last, saying that he wanted his turn with Leena, waited until the first guy backed from where he had been standing. Then he moved to take his place, offering his own cock to Leena's lips. Leena opened her mouth again. As she did so, a fourth guy emerged from between the dunes.
I had had a ring side seat for Leena's demonstration of fellatio with the first guy, but now I felt like an intruder on her one woman show. As she started to suck a second cock, I got up, picked up my bag and towel, and moved a respectable distance from where things were happening, to a little way up the slope of one of the dunes. I sat down on my towel, watching. After a bit I decided to take the risk. Photographers take photographs. I got out my camera. It is not often that you get the chance to take live action shots of a stunning woman sucking cock, or of semen spurting, or of it slowly sliding down a sultr,y smiling face.
***********
"Babe!" my husband called.
Mike was in what we call our office. Americans have dens. We Brits are just that bit more formal. He and I share the office, a desk each on opposite walls, both with large high definition screens, mine to view and edit photographs, his to do the serious gaming without which a guy's life on this earth would have no meaning.
I was in the kitchen, emptying the dishwasher. Female emancipation is yet to be achieved but at least technology has made some things easier. I put away the last few dishes, letting Mike wait in case he thought I was a servant, and then put my head around the office door to see what he wanted. I love the guy, but I do not exist purely to be at his beck and call.
"What the fuck are these?" Mike asked, looking at his lap-top screen. I saw what he was looking at, and it was not a still from any game he played that was lit so brilliantly on the thirty-two inch screen. My stomach heaved.
It was the money shot, or at least one of the money shots. There were others. Ten that I had kept, having selected them a while after Leena and I had gotten back from France. This was the one of Leena smiling so ecstatically when she had just given successive blow jobs to more than a dozen of the dune guys. They had just kept appearing, as if drawn there by some kind of sexual homing instinct, and having brought one guy off by sucking and deep throating him, Leena had just carried on, swallowing some, and ignoring the blobs and globules of thick semen that had escaped her ravenous, accommodating mouth, and had been spurted across her face, onto her neck and over her breasts. Not just ignoring it, but proud of it, smiling broadly. This was the close up shot. There was no mistaking who she was, and no confusing the complex pearl necklace Mike's sister-in-law was wearing for real pearls.
"Shit!" I groaned. "Where did you find that?"
"I needed to save some stuff on a memory stick," my husband said, "and I found this one in your drawer, and ,... I mean this is Leena! What the fuck happened? Where did you? Does Peter know?"
I tried to stay calm. When the shit has already hit the fan, and is getting thrown about in all directions, the best thing to do is take it slow and keep your voice controlled and level.
"No, Peter doesn't know," I said. "You weren't supposed to know either. I promised Leena that I'd never say."
Mike hit the move-left key on his keyboard and another photo took the place of Leena's semen coated face. It was still Leena, but this was of her looking out to sea, back to the camera, but butt naked.
"Okay," Mike said. "So this was when you guys went to France two years ago. You never said anything about,..."
"It was just a naturist beach," I said. "We just thought, while in France,..."
He pressed the move-right key, which brought him back to Leena's face.
"So, this is just a naturist beach,..." he began. "I mean,... this is what the French do on the beach, is it? So what exactly happened here?"
"It was in the dunes, behind the beach," I said. "I mean,...we went exploring, and found that things happen there,... and Leena got in a situation, and, well,..."
"Just Leena?" Mike asked me.
It was the obvious question for any husband to ask. Two married women, sisters-in-law, go on a break in the sun together while their husbands stay at home because of work. One of them at least, as the photographic evidence showed in worryingly explicit, clear, high definition, had got up to some serious sexual activity. The kind no husband wants to even dream about. The chances were the other woman just might have done the same.
"Just Leena," I said, using my most reassuring tone of voice. "I only took some photographs."
"Just photographs," Mike repeated, clearly not totally convinced, but moving on regardless. "And you never thought that Peter should know about this?"
"I promised Leena I'd say nothing," I answered. "And the last thing I would have wanted was to cause them an issue."
"He's my fucking brother!" Mike exclaimed.
"I know," I said.
"He worships Leena!" Mike added.
"I know," I said again, then hesitating before risking adding, "She loves him as well. It was just,..."
I did not have words for what it was, especially since my stomach was still churning, nervous that Mike might already have looked at the other photographs, and knowing that if he had not scanned the rest of them already, he was definitely about to find them. All he had to do was use that move-right key to switch to what was next in my not so secret any more file of candid shots, and I knew exactly what those shots contained.
He pressed the move-right key.
I never knew before why they call them keys, when they are just square bits of plastic printed or engraved with single letters, numbers, symbols, and they never even see a lock, let alone get put inside one and turned to spring internal levers. I knew then why they call them keys. Keys open secrets. They give access to things that otherwise would not be seen. They open doors to private, hidden places. The move-right key was the one that opened up Pandora's box.
Leena, squatting, in front of yet another guy, three more dune guys right behind them. Like the first guy she had deep throated, she had her hands on this guy's butt, as she took his cock as far down her throat as it could reach, her face pressed against his stomach. I had been proud of that photo. I had been fascinated at watching Leena's neck as she accepted whichever cock she happened to be deep throating, the way you could actually see her neck bulging out because of the thickness of the cock head and the shaft.
Walking back along the beach Leena had laughed when I had told her how impressed I was.
"Don't you do that for Mike?" she had asked me. "You have to learn! My mother taught me. She always said that once I married I would have to do things for my husband, and I should practice well before."
"You practiced?" I had asked.
"Of course," Leena had laughed. "You have to! Otherwise you will just choke. Didn't your mother teach you about bananas?"
"My mother never got past storks and cabbages."
"What?" Leena had laughed. "What are storks and cabbages to do with it?"
I had explained the stories parents tell their children about how babies are found by, or are brought to longing parents, to avoid the embarrassment of cocks and cunts. The only sex education I had received was at my high school, and that was pretty functional. I learned more in my first year at university, from the guys I fucked back then, than from anything my mother or my school had told me. Maybe Indian mothers are less inhibited than they appear, or maybe it was just Leena's mother. But back at the villa, after we had bought some groceries, Leena gave me lessons, and I started to see bananas in a very different light.
Anway, I had been proud of that shot of Leena deep throating the guy. You cannot just delete a shot like that. I had got the angle perfectly. You could see where her neck was stretched and expanded, and where just below that bulge it was its normal diameter, and it was not rocket science to know what caused the bulge. Now, however, I wished that I had not got that shot quite so perfectly, or that I had deleted it, or at least, not left it on the memory stick, because then my husband would not be staring at his brother's wife devouring a stranger's cock on his wide screen monitor that should have been featuring Zelda instead of Leena.
"Jes,... Oh my God,... is that what you two were doing when we thought you were just relaxing on the beach?" Mike groaned.
This time, I thought it better to say nothing. If he was going to check them all, then even more incriminating money shots were yet to come. Watching, as he went through the next few photographs, was sheer agony. Always of Leena, more men, more blow jobs, until Mike got to where things went much further.
It was the eighth photograph, even more incriminating. Leena, on all fours, like the woman in that couple we had come across the first time we had gone into the dunes. Leena was darker in this photograph. Even Indians can tan, although culturally Sikhs prefer the shade. Indian complexions darken easily, and an educated Sikh will not want to be mistaken for a lower class Indian just in from working in the fields. Except while Leena was educated, she had no concerns about going back to London looking several shades darker than her usual light tones. She had loved lazing in the sun, and something over a week had turned her to a shade of brown that other people on the beach could only envy.
So in the photograph, on the last day of our holiday, Leena's skin was dark, and it was gleaming. The ease with which her skin cells produce protective melanin meant that she had not bothered with a high factor lotion. While I had been smothering myself with thick, white, creamy factor twenty to protect my own fair skin, Leena had used an oil which claimed to maximise a tan. It worked for her complexion too. It was like she had been basted with it. In this shot, her dark skin glistened, slick and slippery.
Again, I had framed the shot with care, from low down, level with her buttocks and her shoulders, and directly from the side, twenty feet away, but with a zoom. Distance and zoom lenses aid perspective, and the low angle emphasised her perfect body. Her breasts hung, full, darker because of the shade beneath her torso, the curves exquisite, the downward pointing tips of her nipples framed in silhouette.
My guess was that Mike was not admiring my photographic technique, but taking in the guy on his knees behind Leena, arms stretched forwards, hands holding her pelvic girdle, in mid thrust, his shaft visible, his cock head so clearly buried in Leena's cunt. On the other side of her, a guy was crouching, fondling one of Leena's breasts. Behind that guy four other men were standing watching, two of them in mid stroke as they played with their stiffly erect cocks. Maybe it had been a bad idea getting the guys to leave my side of the scene open, so that I could take that shot. It was a great shot, but nothing could have been more incriminating than that photograph. Except the next, and the one after that.
"Fuck!" Mike was swearing, whether at the screen, at Leena, at those men, or maybe it was at me. "Fuck, fuck and fuck!"
He pressed the move right key again. I was beginning to dread and hate that fucking key.
The same guy, now deep inside Leena's cunt, but both their bodies at different angles that the previous photograph. Before, Leena had been on all fours, her back angled slightly upwards from waist to shoulders, her arms straight, supporting her upper body, her head raised, her nose and mouth beautifully profiled. Now her back sloped downwards, her butt still high, her head resting on her folded arms, on the towel she was kneeling on. Her face was towards the camera, open mouthed, as she got back her breath.
In the previous photo, the guy had been on his knees as he fucked Leena from behind, his back upright, his butt taut, because it was the muscles in his butt that gave him thrust. His head was high. Now he was bent over Leena. His arms were on either side of her, although the shot showed only the arm closest to the camera, his hand flat on her towel, sparing her the full weight of his upper body on her fragile frame. His head was no longer held high, the muscles of his neck now relaxed, in post-ejaculation mode.
I had been proud of that shot too, the way that it expressed the sheer contentment that orgasm brings to woman, and ejaculation to the man, and Leena had just enjoyed a withering, howling, groaning, screaming, shuddering explosion of an orgasm while the guy had grunted and sworn his way through his ejaculation as he released his flood of semen deep inside her cunt. You could almost sense the echoes and reverberations of her orgasm and his coming in the scene depicted in the shot.
It was not that I wanted that shot to be a record of my sister-in-law fucking a stranger in the dunes. It was emblematic of the bliss that sex provides for both man and woman. Leena and the guy were symbolic of every man and woman placed on earth, of how humanity evolved, from cave men and women fucking without the rites and norms of civilised society, without the romance or heartache of love, or marriage, or commitment, but fucking for no other reason than sheer, evolutionary lust. It was a great shot, but I was pretty sure that Mike was not thinking its artistic merits. He was checking something else.
Mike hit the reverse key, back to the previous photo. Same guy, mid thrust, shaft visible, mushroom head in Leena's cunt. I waited. My husband is not stupid. He could read a photograph, what it depicted, and more to the point, what was not depicted, because it was not there.
"Fuck!" he said again.
"I know," I said. I did not dare express in words what he and I both were thinking.
Mike keyed forwards through the photographs again, moving straight past the shot of the guy taking his moment to recover before easing out of Leena, and he reached the last and most damning shot of all. They call it spit roast. I am not so nave about things sexual not to know the term, even if it is obscenely crude. I know exactly where the phrase comes from. Barbeque an entire hog and it will have the metal spit skewered right through its body, anus to mouth, before being mounted on the rotisserie and turned to cook. Cocks do not actually do that, but in the observer's head it seems like that. One cock in the woman's mouth, and down her throat. The other deep in her cunt. Skewered, through and through. Crude, but descriptive.
That was the last photograph, Leena, still on her knees, head up, mouth open, nuzzling a guy's groin, his cock not just in her mouth, but in her throat, that tell tale bulging of her neck a dead give away of just how deep she was throating the thick head. One of the guy's hands was at the back of Leena's head, the other on her shoulder. Her butt length hair was partly on her back, and partly hanging straight past her shoulders to her beach towel, forming a black puddle there.
A second guy was caught in mid thrust, cock head in Leena's accommodating cunt, three inches of shaft still on the inward slide. This guy's hands were both on Leena's butt. Not only was our sister-in-law so clearly being fucked spit-roast, she was literally being roasted, her body glistening with droplets of sun-oil fuelled perspiration, the rays of the blazing mid-day sun browning her body even darker by the second.
What Mike was looking at was just a still. There was no movement. I can still remember watching, the two men somehow thrusting to a mutual rhythm. It was not that fast. Both men were mature enough to know that fast fucking is not always the best fucking, or the most pleasurable, either for the woman or the man. Leena must has done some serious practice with that banana, because the guy fucking her mouth was enjoying her ability to take it deep. That neck bulge appeared repeatedly, even time he thrust forwards, bouncing his torso off of Leena's upturned face. Yet somehow, through that rhythmic fucking, she found time to breathe, to draw in air and let it out.
Meanwhile, the guy behind her was thrusting at her cunt with the same steady cadence. He did more than that. Occasionally he used his palm to swipe at Leena's butt, the smack of flesh on flesh resounding in the hollow of the dunes. Maybe he was punishing her for behaving like a slut. Maybe it was for having such an alluring, lustrous tempting, body, one that in the weakness of his male desire, he just could not resist. Maybe it was for being available to him to fuck only on that day, for not being the kind of woman he could bring home, and fuck each night in the loving comfort of a marital bed. He punished Leena's breasts as well, reaching below her to where they were swaying as rhythmically as she was being fucked, sometimes playing with a teat, squeezing and pulling on it, as brutally as a farm hand with a heffer, drawing milk, and sometimes smacking sideways at the breast flesh, Leena's body flinching, her mouth too occupied to even groan.
What the photograph also did not show was Leena in the throes of orgasm. There was no crying out or screaming. Instead there was uncontrolled shaking and shuddering, what I can only think of as a body-quake, her torso trembling, breasts quivering, spasms rippling through her, not just for a moment, but on and on and on. Both guys came. Of course they came. With the sexual greed of orgiastic lust, Leena was trying to devour the cock that she was swallowing, her hands around the guy's butt, her face pressed hard against him. He came. Meanwhile her vagina would have been tightening and pulsing around the cock that had been thrusting just as deep, but with the onset of her orgasm that guy had paused, his pelvis pressed tight against her butt to gain every last fraction of an inch of depth before he let go his load. He came. Of course he came.
Nor did that shot show Leena collapsed on her towel, the men already having wiped their cocks clean, and gone, spasmodic shudders wracking Leena's body as she enjoyed post orgasmic aftershocks, and as she regained her consciousness of where she was, and why.
At that point there were still at least a dozen men who had been watching, and who were now waiting, wondering, hoping, wanting each to have their turn, but unsure if the slender form curled on her beach towel could take even just one more of them, let alone each and every one. Leena slowly raised her head and looked around. Then she eased herself up with her arms, brushing her hair to the right side of her head. She drew her legs together, then raised her back and butt, and once again she was kneeling on all fours, and this time it was Leena who was waiting. In that moment, I watched a trickle of semen slip from her vulva to start its slow slide down her dark skinned, inner thigh. Then a man's butt blocked that line of view. One defenceless woman. Twelve cunt-hungry men. Leena needed help, and no one else was there to give it.
Mike had been staring silently at that last photograph while all those memories flooded back inside my head.
"Okay," he said at last. "This was July, eighteen, yes?"
"Yes," I said. By eighteen, he meant the year. The exact day of the month was less important. That afternoon, when Mike had found my memory stick and called me to our office from the kitchen, was last December, twenty-twenty, more than two years from that sinful summer.
"And Sarpreet's birthday is the seventeenth of April?" Mike said, telling me what we both knew.
We had been at the hospital, Mike supporting Peter in the corridor, steading his nerves, while I was in the room as Leena perspired and swore and gripped my hand and pushed and swore and pushed some more. We had celebrated Sara's birth that night, her first birthday twelve months later, and her second birthday another twelve months after that, so we knew the seventeenth of April as fluently as we knew each of our own birthdays, and that of our son, and that day that we got married and exchanged those vows, the same ones that Peter and Leena had exchanged three years before that holiday.
Mike can count. He works in finance. If he needed to, he could count all twelve months of the year, in his head, without a pen and paper, but he only had to count nine of them, starting from July, so all I could do when he confirmed Sara's birthday was in April, was to nod.
He keyed back two photographs. No spit roast, just doggy, the guy in the act of thrusting, most of his shaft visible, waiting to slam into a cunt that had already been fucked by several other guys, although those photographs had been deleted, so Mike was unaware of just how many men had fucked his brother's wife.
"You can see the guy's shaft" Mike said. "You can't see a condom."
I did not say anything. There was a simple and straightforward reason why Mike could not see a condom. The guy had not been wearing one. None of the guys had worn condoms. Condoms are for respectable, planned ahead, sexual intercourse between responsible, adult participants. Dune fucking is strictly skin on skin. Leena was a stunningly striking gift of a woman to those guys, a delicious cunt to fuck and maybe even hope to fuck again, but ultimately she was no more than that to them. What happens afterwards to the woman you have fucked is not something that would trouble any of those guys. You do not need to wear a condom.
"Was he wearing one?" Mike asked.
I hesitated, but you know when you cannot argue with the evidence, and a photograph does not tell a lie. Neither could I. There was no point.
"No," I said.
"Were either of them?" he persisted, thinking, I guess, of the only two guys the photographs depicted actually fucking Leena.
"No," I said, thinking "not any of them", and I had no number to place on how many dune guys had let loose their loads with no condoms to contain the floods of semen they discharged that day.
Mike would not have believed anything else. For a moment neither of us said anything. Then my husband said out loud what we both already knew to be the case.
"So Sarpreet might not have been premature."
Sara had arrived two weeks before the official due date. These things are never that precise anyway. Sara had come in at six point something pounds, healthy, kicking, and even screaming, so there had been no concerns about her arriving early. Not until now.
"She might not have been," I had no choice but to admit.
That was as close as either of us came to saying what we both now knew was possible. At least Tom had not arrived until three months after Leena had given birth to Sarpreet. There was no question that Mike was Tom's father. Like I said, Mike could count to twelve so he would know that I was back in London when our son had been conceived, and he was a love child from a happy marriage. Of that there was no doubt.
But the timing of Sara's birth left it wide open as to when she was conceived. A welcome home fuck with my brother-in-law had always been the collective assumption. The greater likelihood, was that with all that dune semen swilling around her fertile womb, millions or billions of tail wagging dune sperm, each trying to out-wit and out-swim the rest, in their god-given animated, quest to locate and penetrate, one of those invading sperm cells might well have done the deed well before Peter had had the chance to send his own, more loving, spermatazoa on their fallopian mission, and instead that rogue dune sperm, fittest of the fittest, had kick started Leena's awaiting egg cell into vigorous, flourishing life.
I had known that that was possible all along. I had even asked Leena at the time if she was safe, thinking the morning after pill, and she had told me she was fine. She and Peter preferred the so-called rhythm method, and she knew her body well. Maybe not as well as she thought she did. Maybe the dune guys had fucked her rhythm into the long dune grass.
"Fuck!" Mike said, for the fourth or fifth time. He knew the possibilities, even with just the two guys that he was aware of, from my secret, never to be seen by anyone, need to know only file of photographs. I knew those possibilities to be at least six times greater than he thought, but I would never tell him that.
********
Sara is quite a stunner, even at the tender age of three. Another April birthday has gone by. She takes after her mother. The same complexion. The same black hair, still only shoulder long, but straight and lustrous. No sign yet of Leena's Indian nose, but no doubt that will come in time. One thing I know for certain. She is her mother's child. She too, will be beautiful when she is grown.
Like all Sikh names, Sarpreet has its meaning, "Mysterious secrets of love". It was Leena's choice, but Peter liked it, especially the abbreviated "Sara". What happened on that holiday in France remains mysterious and secret. Mike decided for himself that it was not our place to tell his brother what we knew or thought we knew. Peter adores his wife and daughter, and it would only break his heart.
Besides, we have no proof. She may be Peter's child, and if she is, then raising questions three years later, because of what took place on those two days in France, would just cause so much damage. Especially now that Leena is expecting again. She has had the scan that told her that this time it will be a boy. A son. A brother. And we have not been back to France, nor been in any dunes. This baby will without question be Peter's own.
Mike, of course, took a little while to be relaxed again with Leena. It was my fault, for keeping any of those photographs, but there was another reason why I kept them. They rekindle my own memories of those dunes. Perhaps it was some kind of fate, that it was Leena and not myself who fell pregnant first. I got away scot free. Sometimes, you have to put your camera down. You have to stop observing and participate instead.
Quiet why, that last day, a Sunday, there had been so many guys roaming in the dunes, I do not know. Maybe word had gone around, about the Indian woman who gave good head. Maybe it was just that on a Sunday, the local, single guys are free to roam the dunes because they do not need to go to work. Whatever the reason, Leena needed help. Twelve guys had watched that spit-roast fuck, and watched Leena ease her way back onto her hands and knees, and each and every guy was keen to fuck her. She had needed help. I got beside her.
Some men like exotic flesh and waited for their turn with Leena. Others, it seems, prefer their women blonde, and barely tanned, and can enjoy a cunt that is no more than a groove in a mons and is half hidden by a crop of golden curls, and do not require breasts to be so full, or areolas quite so wide, because on that last day, I got down on all fours, beside my Indian sister, no longer just an "in-law", and those men who enjoy a slender blonde, chose me.
I lost count, just as Leena did. You lose track, of how many men are standing waiting, how many more arrive, how many only watch, how many move behind you, how many cocks have entered you, how many shed their semen while they were still deep within. There are men who fucked me that day whose faces I never had the chance to register. Not that I care. I just felt so proud, to have given such satisfaction to so many total strangers, all ages, shapes and sizes, to have let them ravage me, then gift me with their semen, to have dared to let men I did not know and never would, take full advantage of my body, and to end the day so satiated, so very full of semen, but more content than ever in my life, and I treasure the memory of that day.
My husband plays games on his computer console, hunting in digital lands for non existent trophies. Once upon a time, however many thousand years ago, a Nordic blonde, my ancestor, would have been the quarry for real life hunters, not for food, but to fulfil their yet more basic need, to fuck, and reproduce. She would have been hunted down, and caught, and and fucked, not just by one man alone, but by a whole horde of men. I am very lucky that I have a husband who is loving and kind and who I love as deeply as any woman can, but I have been that other woman, and of that I am so proud.
There is nothing, sexually, or otherwise, that I would not do for Mike. With thanks to Leena, I can do more than lick and suck his cock. I can take it all, can nuzzle his groin, nose to his unforgiving lower belly, and let him enjoy the pleasures of his wife's unsullied throat. No other man has been there.
I failed to keep Leena's secret, though it has gone no further than my husband. Leena has kept mine. We both know what we both know. We both are secretly delighted with that knowledge of what we have done together, and some days we share our thoughts, even without a word of spoken language.
It was a week ago that we went walking in Richmond Park, two wholesome suburban families, Peter and Leena, Mike and I, children in tow, Sara and Tom running and playing together, Leena showing, walking with that slight waddle that the later months of carrying can cause, but her complexion perfect with that special glow of pregnancy.
Some owners have their dogs neutered. Some do not. A female Labrador, off its owner's leash, became surrounded. Seven males of different breeds all had got her scent, a bitch on heat. Their cocks were out and ready. Leena and I exchanged a look.
She grinned. I grinned back,. She laughed. Her laugh is too infectious. I laughed too. She went into hysterics, her laughter uncontrolled. We moved to one another, hugging, still laughing, the men and children staring at us, perplexed and uncomprehending.
We had been that female bitch, we had been surrounded, and we had no regrets.