THE HUNTER
I gripped the straps of my backpack with one hand as I scrambled up the hill, rocks and roots and hard earth digging into my knees. I left the trail about five hours ago. It was getting dark and I needed a place to camp for the night.
I pulled myself up and over the top and brushed the dirt off my clothes. A seemingly endless forest stretched before me.
The clearing seemed to almost materialize out of thin air. Golden light streamed through the dappled leaves. I felt like I had stumbled upon a secret world. The air was somehow warmer, and I could hear running water even though there was no source to be found.
I knelt down to touch the glittering grass and the plush layer of velvet moss below. I kicked off my shoes and socks and exhaled an orgasmic sigh as I put down my bare feet.
I don't know why but I looked around to make sure I was alone. I hadn't seen another person in hours. I lowered my gear to the ground and slowly, gingerly, removed my T-shirt. I reflexively put my arms over my chest and looked around again. Still alone. I dropped my shorts.
I laid on my back and stretched my limbs. Somehow the grass was still speckled with dew. Giving one last look to the perimeter of the clearing, I unclasped my bra and slid out of my underwear. I wanted to feel the earth on every part of my skin.
Each tender blade and spore lightly brushed my nipples. I grabbed onto the grass with my left hand, pushed down with the palm of my right, and slowly rubbed my crotch against the ground. The grass tickled my shaved, sensitive skin, and my body tingled and radiated with pleasure. A loud moan escaped my lips and flushed the birds from the trees. I was embarrassed at first but remembered there was no one around for miles. I shoved my hand between my legs and let out a low, guttural groan.
I looked up and saw a single birch among the oaks and poplars, glowing white among the darkness of the forest interior. I ran my fingers over the bark. It was smooth as silk and rock solid.
The tree seemed to vibrate with life. I could feel its electricity shoot through my hand. I pressed my body against the thick trunk and the feeling soaked into my very core.
I wrapped my arms around the tree and rubbed my body up and down its length. The raised ridges of the bark stimulated my clitoris through my labia. I allowed the sound to flow from deep inside. The feeling intensified and I threw back my head in ecstasy.
All of a sudden I heard a twig snap. I looked up. A man in faded camouflage was standing at the edge of the clearing with a rifle slung over his shoulder. Our eyes locked.
Slowly, painstakingly, I turned around so he could see all of me. I leaned my back against the tree and opened my legs. I was sweaty and dirty from the hike, but I had never felt more beautiful.
The man rested his gun against a tree and walked over to me. I didn't know what he was going to do. I didn't know what I wanted him to do. I gave myself over to the moment.
He reached into his pouch and pulled out a handful of bungee cords. He wrapped the first cord tightly around my waist and hooked the ends on the other side of the trunk. He tied the others at my ankles, knees, and neck. We didn't speak. He smelled like chewing tobacco, and I felt his hot breath on my cool skin as he secured the cords.
He stepped back a good distance and crossed his arms. He stared at me, slowly taking in my body. He looked at me longingly, lustily. I could feel him ravaging me in the darkest recesses of his mind.
I kept getting more and more turned on, waiting for a touch that never came. I could feel his desire and I didn't understand what was stopping him from taking me however he wanted. My nipples were hard as diamonds and I was so wet that big clear drops ran down my leg and onto the blood-stained bungee cords.
Finally he approached. He stood just inches from my face but wouldn't come any closer. I stared pleadingly into his deep brown eyes.
"Please," I begged. "Touch me."
He was silent. I couldn't read his expression.
"Please. Please. Touch me. I need you inside me."
"Shhh." He placed a finger on my lips. I could taste him. "The cabin is near here, they'll hear you. And I can't. I'm married."
"You can tie me naked to a tree but you can't touch me?"
"I never promised not to look at another woman."
I tried to kiss him but he pulled away. He stuffed my underwear in my mouth and gagged me with a strip of duct tape.
"Wait for me," he whispered in my ear.
His stubble brushed my face. I could wait forever.
Night fell. The air had a slight chill and prickled my flesh.
I became more aroused with every passing second. I thought of him and wondered if he was thinking about me. Every new sound in the darkness induced a mix of terror and passion.
My pussy ached and I yearned to touch myself. The tingling expanded throughout my body with nowhere to go. I whimpered and rubbed my thighs together. The moonlight shone off my skin.
My muscles burned, and I shifted my weight from foot to foot. It was well after midnight. A bird of prey screeched and the sound reverberated through the sky.
I heard the crunch of heavy footsteps and my ears perked up. The hunter stepped into the clearing wearing only hiking boots, boxers, and a white T-shirt. He stopped a few feet short of me and again just stared. I had never wanted anything as bad as I wanted him in that moment. I craved him. I wanted to break free of my restraints, lunge on him, and fuck him senseless in the grass.
He snapped a slender branch from the tree above. It was green and flexible and he broke it with a twist. He slapped it against his open palm, hard. He lightly touched the tip of the branch to my trembling body, tracing every curve and hollow. He ran the sleek branch between my labia like a violin's bow. The pleasure cascaded like a surging river.
He stood up and whipped my vulva as hard as he could. I bit down on the soft fabric filling my mouth. He hit me with the switch, everywhere, over and over and over. Red lashes raised up on my tender skin. The orgasm was violent, shuddering. Each wave of gratification gave rise to another.
He went to my bag and took out a bottle. He ripped back the tape, pulled out the underwear, and poured the water into my mouth. I swallowed eagerly, and the excess water ran down my body. I noticed a wet spot on the front of his boxers.
"Please," I croaked. "Touch me. I want to feel you."
He put the gag back on, then slowly poured the rest of the cold water all over my body. It trickled and flowed down my skin. I felt cleansed.
"You can get out if you want," he whispered. He kissed the duct tape that covered my mouth. "Or you could wait to see if I come back."
He turned and walked away, disappearing into the darkness without another look. I would wait forever.
*
Originally published in "Stories To Bang By, Vol. 8: The Great Outdoors"