My spouse, Jill, and I were driving home from a dinner celebrating our fifth Wedding Anniversary. We were both very happy with the past years and looking forward to more of the same. Jill and I met during freshman orientation and shared several courses so naturally we studied a lot together. After a few dates we decided that we wanted to spend all our time together. Even exercise time was spent together in the school pool and relaxing after in the hot tub. Both of us had limited sexual contacts in high school and were somewhat inexperienced when we started having sex. Although we spent lots of evenings kissing and petting, we didn't start having intercourse until our second year together. And our strictest rule was always use a condom. There was a lot of joking about us living together in a coed dorm and being practically celibate but our degrees came first.
Graduation and good jobs were our priorities. Jill was so hot looking, even when she dressed conservatively, that she was always fending off other guys who didn't know we were pinned. She never seemed to have an interest in any other guys, even the football hero type.
Our marriage was the weekend after graduation and our honeymoon was the moving trip to our new home in upstate New York. Both of us had gotten good job offers in the same city and started out with generous salaries. I had a small inheritance that we used for the down payment for our country house ten miles outside town. Although our love and commitment were still strong, our sex life seemed to be stagnating. Neither of us wanted to make love with someone else because we took our marriage vows seriously, but we felt that we might have missed something by committing to each other so early in our lives and marrying so soon after college. I guess we were searching for a spark in our lives. We had recently spoken about our desire to bring some excitement into our lives but were secretly afraid of messing up what we had.
As we drove toward home, I remarked that she looked especially sexy tonight, in her dark green slip dress. It was low cut and tight on top and short and loose on the bottom. Jill is only five feet tall, so she always wears at least three inch heels when she goes out, and that makes her legs look even longer. It also causes her tight ass to sway as she walks. Her breasts are 34C and she rarely wears a bra because she knows I love to feel them when we dance close and to see her nipples poke out the fabric of her silk dress. She had fixed her long, red hair in a fancy new style that left her neck bare and showed off her deep tan. We had been dancing and drinking at a small club in a town near our house and were halfway home and kind of tired. Jill was curled up in the passenger seat of my Jaguar while I drove and tried to keep from drifting off. I think we both had a bit too much Champagne with dessert.
I told her that even with all the other women in the club, every man had been looking at her when we were dancing. Her dress was much more revealing than the others and really showed off her fine body. She said that she could feel their eyes and it made her very hot, especially when she would spin and her dress would fly up to reveal her stocking tops. She said "I have always loved to tease other men when I feel safe."
She told me how she looked forward to driving to our local gas station in her Jeep while wearing one of her short skirts and having the owner's son, Jimmy, wait on her. She said that she could tell that he was trying to see up her skirt when he washed the windshield. The doors are very low and have no windows so her skirt would ride up from the breeze and she would leave it that way when she stopped. She also sat with her legs apart, not enough to look like a tramp she said, but enough so that Jimmy could see bare flesh above her stocking tops. She said her panties were always wet when she pulled out of the station and a couple of times she thought Jimmy had an erection.
Jimmy is about eighteen and very cute she said, with a growing body that was filling out nicely. I never knew that she liked to show off like that and a thought came to me. "How would you like to really show off and still feel safe at the same time?" I asked. She answered that she was game for whatever I had in mind as long as she could stop whenever she wanted to. I agreed and set to work on my plan.
First, I pulled over and threw some dirt on the windshield and turned on the washer jets to make a mess of the glass. Then I cleaned my hands and opened the passenger door. I positioned Jill curled up on the seat with her head on a small pillow against the door side of the seatback. I got back in and rearranged her skirt so that it revealed her legs up to the lace tops of her stockings. I said to pretend that she was knocked out by the drinks and the late hour, and to play along with what I would tell her to do. If she wanted to stop at any time, she should pretend that she was slowly waking up and everything would end safely. She had no idea what I had planned and I hoped that it would play out to both our satisfactions.
I drove into town and up to the gas station. It looked deserted, but I knew that the owner made Jimmy stay late to take care of emergency customers. I pulled up to the pumps and got out as Jimmy came out of the office. He remarked that we were out late and I replied that we had been celebrating. I told him to fill it up and try to get the windshield clean, and that I needed to use the bathroom for a couple of minutes as I was not feeling well. I went around the corner and slammed the bathroom door, but went back to the corner to watch. Jimmy had started to fill the tank and was cleaning the driver's side of the glass when he got a look at Jill. She was motionless, and her skirt left a lot of flesh showing. He moved around to her side and really worked on the glass. Then he went back to the nozzle and looked to see if I was coming back yet. I guess he decided to risk another look as he again went to Jill's side of the car and worked at cleaning the already spotless glass. She was still not moving, so he bent down close to the side window for a better view of Jill's chest in her low cut dress. I let him look for a couple of minutes and went back and slammed the door again and walked slowly out to the car.
Jimmy was at the back of the car when I returned and we stood together for a few minutes while the tank filled up. He told me that I had a beautiful wife and I agreed. I said that Jill would love to hear him give her that complement, but she was really zonked out from the drinks and the late hour. I remarked that she was so far out of it that I would probably have to carry her upstairs to bed and undress her and even that would not wake her. He doubted that anyone could sleep through that and I said I would prove it to him. I got in the car and pulled it around to the side of the station where the lights would shine through the windshield and told Jill to keep still and pretend that she was asleep. I got out and told Jimmy to watch through the windshield and I would show him that Jill was dead to the world. I would give him thumbs up to signify she was out and thumbs down if she started to wake up and for him to go away quickly. I told him to enjoy himself however he wanted to while he watched. He obviously did not know what to expect, and I wasn't sure how far Jill would let me go.
I got back in and whispered to her that I was going to make her more comfortable for the trip home. I removed her seat belt and straightened her out in the seat. To keep her from falling over, I reclined the seat halfway back. I slid her skirt up far enough to show the tops of her stockings and a bit of her bare thighs. I placed my left hand on Jill's belly and slid it slowly up to her chest, gently cupping each breast. I reached higher, to her shoulders, and lowered the straps of her dress down her arms and slid the top down past her breasts. She wears very small bikinis when tanning, so most of the breasts were tan with just a small very white area. Her nipples are pale pink and about as big as the tip of my little finger. I licked my finger and circled both of them gently and watched as the nipples hardened and the aureole turned a deeper shaded of pink with little bumps appearing around the edges.
I looked out the window at Jimmy and saw that he was rubbing his crotch. I gave him the thumbs up signal and he started to open his jeans. He pulled out a nice thick cock and I whispered to Jill that if she took a peek she would be pleasantly surprised. Her head was tilted so far back that I didn't think Jimmy could see her eyes. She moaned when she saw what he was doing and I knew she was happy. I figured that I would continue until she decided to stop me.
I reached down to her skirt hem and lifted it all the way up to her waist. Her dress was nothing more than a wide belt around her belly now. Jill's thighs were close together so I pushed them gently apart to the edges of the seat. I reclined her seat back all the way, and lowered the seat cushion in back and raised the front as high as it would go. With her high heels on, this left Jill's knees spread wide about eight inches above her waist, crotch open and tilted up in plain view of Jimmy. I knew that he could easily see her dark stockings, pale green garter belt and matching satin and lace panties. Her thong panty started just below her tan line, so a small band of white skin and a few pale red hairs from her landing strip showed above the elastic band. Further down, the darker, red hairs were a shadow that showed through the lace panel of her panty. The satin crotch was pulled tight against her pussy lips and the string disappeared into the crack of her ass.
I started to stroke one bare thigh and then the other as I slowly moved higher. Jill twisted slightly and started to moan. I could see that she was watching Jimmy through the window, and loving the sight of him pumping his thick cock. I bent over her and sucked her left nipple into my mouth and bit it. I could see how hard she was trying to feign sleep because she wanted her teasing to continue.
I started to stroke her pussy lips through the satin, and could feel her soaking her panties. The crotch was turning a darker green from the juices flowing from her pussy. It also made the panties slicker. I applied more pressure as I slid my finger up and down, causing her lips to open and the panties to slid between them, revealing most of her shaved outer lips . I pulled back and slid my finger under the band of her panty, lifting it from between her lips and moving it to rest between her outer lip and her thigh. You could see a white line of moisture where Jill had creamed her panty and her lips were open and shiny with her juices.
My middle finger slid down her lips and right up into her pussy. Her juice made it easy to finger fuck her, making loud squishy sounds. I stopped pumping my finger and started to rub her exposed clit with my thumb. I could see the muscles tensing in her thighs as she humped upwards against my hand. Jill's clit is so sensitive that she comes quickly when I rub it during foreplay, so I took a quick glance at Jimmy and saw that he was furiously beating his meat. My own cock was straining against my pants but I couldn't do anything about it then.
I whispered to her to watch out the window and I went back to sucking her nipple. Jill started to jerk against my hand and moaned through clenched teeth "He is cumming and so am I." I looked up again to see that Jimmy was shooting all over her window. That was enough to push her over the edge and she shuddered and jerked for several minutes in the seat. Her sweet juices soaked her panties and my fingers and ran down her crack onto the car seat. I waved Jimmy to turn away as I wasn't sure how Jill was feeling now.
I started the car and drove us quickly home. I picked Jill up and swung the door closed but she told me to wait. She wanted to run her fingers through the lines of Jimmy's cum on the window, she couldn't believe how much there was of it. I carried my almost naked wife straight to bed and she pulled me down on top of her. I slid her drenched panties off and began to lick her pussy to another orgasm. This one was even more powerful and lasted longer. Before she came down, I ripped off my clothes, crawled on top of her and sank my throbbing cock into her. I rocked back and forth a few times, taking her back up to another orgasm and then shot my load deep inside her. We collapsed into a deep sleep and didn't speak until the next morning.
At breakfast, Jill said that she was a little embarrassed about coming in front of a stranger and she wondered how she could return to the station. I asked her if the game we had played was exciting for her and she said that it produced the most intense orgasms of her life. I told her that anything that made her feel that good was fine with me and that I was sure Jimmy was thrilled that we had shared that with him, although he still thought that she was not aware of what happened or where she was. Jill said that if I really felt that way, she wanted Jimmy to know that she had been awake all the time even though it had been my idea. And she said that she wanted to tell him how sexy she felt knowing that she turned him on enough to make him come while watching her.
Jill said that she would invite him to lunch at our house on Saturday to explain it to him and that all three of us could have a good time. She said that she didn't want to fuck him, but she wouldn't mind playing with his fat cock, and letting him have a closer look at her body as long as I would be there to make sure she was safe. She gave him the invitation the next day when she got gas, it was wrapped in her green lace panties, still smelling sweetly of her.
Jimmy showed up at the allotted time and we sat out on the back deck to eat. Jill kept the conversation light through the meal, but gave him plenty to see as she bent over to serve us. She was wearing a white tennis dress with a white cotton bra and thin cotton panties. After lunch Jill suggested that we all relax in the hot tub. Jimmy replied that he hadn't brought a suit and Jill said that underwear would be acceptable this time. Jimmy and I started to strip down but he stopped when he saw Jill turn around and bend over to remove her shoes and socks. I was already in the tub and I told him to hurry as the view was even better from the lower position in the whirlpool. He dropped his pants and shirt and I could see that he was already semi hard as he slid into the water. We watched as Jill dropped her dress and slid between us into the water. When we were all in, Jill remembered that the wine was still on the table. She got out to bring it to us and we could see that her cotton bra and panties were translucent from the water.
The crack of her ass was clearly visible as she walked to the table. It was as if she had nothing on and both of us were staring as she walked back. Her nipples were erect and her red pubic hair was clearly visible too. Jimmy's cock was straining against his briefs and mine was standing at attention too. Jill looked down and said that we must be awfully uncomfortable like that and she would remedy the situation. She slid between us and reached out to lower my briefs and then turned to do the same for Jimmy. He was clearly shocked, but relaxed when Jill explained that she wanted to pay him back for the nice complement he had given her the other night. She told him that she had been awake the whole time and it made her extra hot to see him jerk off while I played with her body. Jill told him that she would like to include him in some of our future games if he agreed to her two rules. That he could only do whatever she permitted him to do and that he promised never to tell anyone else about our games. Jimmy agreed instantly, so Jill told him that today would be a treat just for him.
Jill positioned him on the rim of the hot tub and knelt between his legs pushing them wide apart. His cock was fully erect and his balls hung over the edge of the tub just above the water line. I told him that we didn't sleep with other people but Jill was free to do whatever she wanted to do as his reward. While she started to work on Jimmy's cock, I removed her bra and slid her panties off. He reached for her and she told him he could only touch her above the waist today. He quickly took a breast in each hand and started to massage them.
After a few moments she told him " Relax and let me do all the work this time. You have a beautiful big cock."
With one hand on his cock and one cupping his ball sack Jill stroked and squeezed while I knelt behind her and licked her pussy. Jimmy was in heaven, groaning and jerking in time with her hands. Pre cum was dribbling from his slit and Jill spread it all over his cock, making it shiny and easier for her to stroke. He released her breasts and leaned back on his elbows, which tilted his pelvis up. That was the only invitation Jill needed as she released his balls and slid her middle finger right up his crack into his asshole. She went straight for his prostate and a moment later his cock erupted in her hand. The first spurt went so high that it landed in Jill's hair. She angled it down and he shot three more spurts on her breasts.
She cradled his cock, rubbing the glans with her thumb until it began to soften and shrink and then she let it go and pulled her finger from his asshole. She rubbed his cum all over her tits and hard nipples. We let him relax for a few minutes on the deck while Jill rinsed her hands in the hot tub. She giggled and said "Since your cum is so sticky and hard to wash off, it would probably be better just to suck it all down next time. I'll have to remember not to eat first so I'll have room for your full load." Jimmy got a big grin on his face when Jill said that. She stood up, collected her clothes, and as she walked into the house she called back "Thanks for everything!" I stood up and told him that someday we might get together again if it was what Jill wanted.