Suzanne lay on her bed naked, save for a pair of black stockings and matching garter belt. She was waiting for her husband to get home from work so she could surprise him with a sexy night of passion. Tonight was the 10-year anniversary of the first time Suzanne and Liam had made love. She didn't expect him to remember this little fact. He was good about the important stuff: birthdays, their wedding anniversary, etc. but she had always had a knack for remembering dates, and today just happened to be one of them she was particularly fond of.
Thinking about their anniversary had been driving her crazy all day. She could barely focus at work, and when she got home she couldn't wait to slip into something more "comfortable" to surprise her hubby with. She had been thinking about Liam and idly playing with herself for the past 30 minutes while she waited. Then, her phone buzzed.
"Sorry hon, need to finish up some things at work tonight. Should be done in about an hour." read the text message.
Suzanne was understanding, but frustrated. Given how horny she was already, she didn't think she could make it another hour without grabbing one of her toys and blowing off some steam. She played with that idea in her head for a minute, but then, a new scandalous thought came to mind...
She knew from previous times she had met Liam at work for a date night, that his office tended to clear out by 5 PM on Fridays. She also knew that the smokers had a habit of leaving the loading dock door unlocked. If she left right now, she could surprise Liam at work, and they'd have the whole place to themselves.
Excited by her new plan, she rolled off the bed and walked over to the closet to pick out something sexy to wear. As she indecisively slid hangars from right to left, considering, but ultimately rejecting each potential outfit in turn, she caught a glimpse of her naked form in the full-height mirror behind their bedroom door: Long legs, topped with lacy black stockings came to a perky round butt, below a smooth stomach and ample breasts that were just the slightest bit swollen from arousal, and her nipples stood at attention. Cherry red lipstick and smokey eyes framed her face beautifully. She looked like a woman who was ready for sex. So that, she thought, is how she should look for her little meeting with Liam.
Suzanne grabbed a dark gray peacoat that covered her down to mid thigh and put it on. With the belt tightly cinched around her waist, one could easily assume the coat simply hid a slinky black dress for a night out on the town. She stepped into her favorite pair of "fuck me" heels to complete the look, and headed for the garage.
Her peacoat clung to the upholstery as she slid into the driver's seat of her car, exposing her naked butt. She had never driven a car so exposed before and could feel every bump and curve as the road vibrated beneath her. The sensation of automotive leather against her bare skin only served to make her more horny as she drove.
She arrived at Liam's office building and parked in the back lot, near the loading dock. She closed the distance to the building with a quick pace to avoid running into any of her husband's coworkers. A gentle tug on the loading dock door confirmed that it was unlocked, as she had suspected it would be. She darted inside and held the door so it shut quietly behind her, before walking with purpose down the back hallway. She avoided the more heavily-trafficked routes to avoid losing the element of surprise. Her memory of the last time she'd been in the building was a little hazy, but she managed to navigate the back passageways with reasonable efficiency. She had nearly arrived at her destination when she heard a man's voice call out from behind her.
"Can I please see your badge?"
Suzanne's heart leaped into her throat. She turned around and saw a security guard standing a few paces away. He was handsome, with a tall, well-built frame, short brown hair and a slight five o'clock shadow. She had no idea how long he had been behind her. Had he seen her sneak in and followed her all the way here? Or was it just bad luck that she ran into him? As she finished turning to face the guard, his eyes flitted down to her high heels, then slowly wandered up her legs, paused briefly to take in the cleavage poking out from the top of her coat, before finally making eye contact. The amused smile on his face made it clear he knew she didn't work here.
"I don't have a badge. I'm meeting my husband." Suzanne replied with a wink.
The guard gave a knowing laugh.
"Then he's a very lucky guy. But I can't have people sneaking around here at night. I'm going to have to ask you to come with me ma'am."
He gestured down a hallway with a "this way please" motion. This isn't exactly what Suzanne had in mind, but she supposed she didn't have much of a choice in the matter, so she followed the guard's lead down the hallway.
A short walk and two or three turns later, the guard stopped outside a door marked "Security", swiped his badge to open it, and gestured for Suzanne to enter, which she did. The security office was quiet, clean, and well lit. A dozen or more monitors showing various security camera feeds lined the walls. One feed showed a view of the loading dock, which made it clear how Suzanne had been caught so quickly sneaking in. Three desks lined the walls, with computers and the usual assortment of desk clutter adorning each. Two of the computers were turned off and their chairs were pushed in. The guard standing before her was clearly the only one on duty tonight.
The guard took a coat hanger off a hook on the wall and extended his other hand towards Suzanne.
"Can I take your coat?" he offered.
Suzanne smiled to herself. "No thanks." The guard had no way of knowing what she was (or more specifically, wasn't) wearing underneath it. He seemed to sense her hesitation.
"As I mentioned earlier, I'm here to meet my husband. Will this take long?" Suzanne tried to change the subject, to avoid an unintended strip search.
"Not long ma'am. But I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist on you removing your coat. I need to make sure you're not stealing something." the guard's tone was polite, but firm.
Suzanne glanced at one of the security feeds which showed the room she was standing in from a high angle; clearly coming from a small camera mounted to the ceiling in the corner of the room. Her checks warmed with embarrassment. The guard noticed this, and with a few clicks of the mouse on his computer, the video feed went dark. He turned back to her with an expectant look. Clearly she wasn't going to be able to talk her way out of this.
"Why not." she thought. "This will make for one hell of a story later." She locked eyes with the guard, and with a sultry smile, she slowly un-clasped her coat, one button at a time. With each flick of her fingers, a little more of her naked body showed through the gap forming in her coat. A smile crept onto the guard's face and he couldn't take his eyes away from the suspense of each new button popping open. Finally, Suzanne undid the last clasp, slid the coat off her shoulders and tossed it onto a nearby desk; leaving her standing in the middle of the room, completely exposed to him.
The guard's jaw dropped so quickly it almost hit the floor. He may have been expecting a cute outfit or perhaps even lingerie, but he was clearly not prepared for Suzanne to be wearing nothing more than what had been poking out from under her coat. His reaction made her smile with amusement, and inspired her to stick her hip out to the side and strike a flattering pose.
After drinking in the view for a good minute, the guard stepped back and composed himself. Although Suzanne could already see the bulge beginning to form in his pants. She smiled and enjoyed the effect she was having on him. The guard cleared his throat before continuing:
"I'm going to have to take some pictures, to document the breach of security."
Suzanne's cheeks turned bright red with embarrassment, but her coat was too far away to grab before the guard had pulled out a phone and started snapping pictures. She did her best to cover herself with her hands but no doubt he had already gotten a few good shots. She noticed it was his personal cell phone, not a company-owned device, which made it that much more obvious that this was not part of any official procedure. No doubt he would enjoy these photos privately later. Suzanne blushed even more, but also couldn't help but to feel a small amount of pride at the thought of being part of someone's spank bank. She followed the guard's phone with her eyes as he put it back in his pocket. His obvious erection was now straining at the seams of his tight uniform pants.
"I'm going to have to search you." the guard said with a smile. Suzanne couldn't help but let out a laugh at the absurdity that she could be hiding anything in just a garter belt and stockings. But she played along with the obvious joke, spread her legs into a wide stance and held her arms out in a mock frisking position.
The guard stepped behind her and started patting the back of her neck. He worked his way methodically down one arm, then the next, then slid his hands down her back, stopping just above her butt. Standing there exposed, having her body thoroughly explored like this gave Suzanne a thrill. She could feel herself starting to get wet as she focused on the hands sliding up the sides of her body, then slipping under her arms and cupping her breasts. Her nipples hardened and she gave out a small gasp as the guard squeezed and caressed her bare chest from behind her.
As if sensing that he had gone too far, the guard retreated for a brief moment, but when Suzanne didn't move away, he continued. He put his hands on either side of her left ankle, then slowly slid them up her calf to her thigh, continuing to look for anything she could be hiding under the thin gossamer of nylon covering her legs. She was amused by his commitment to going through with this sham of a search. His hands stopped mere inches from her womanhood before moving to her right ankle to start the whole process again. Having his hands all over her body made her shiver with desire.
The guards hands finished sliding up Suzanne's right leg, but this time they didn't stop. The tips of his fingers reaching from behind brushed against her vulva, sending another wave of shivers throughout her body. The guard left his hand there, moving ever so slightly, teasing the opening of her vagina with gentle touches, as he reached around her hip with his other hand, combing his fingers through her narrow strip of groomed pubic hair before finally perching his middle finger on her clitoris and rubbing it in tiny circles.
Suzanne felt a wave of heat as blood rushed to her loins. He continued rubbing her swollen nub in small, deliberate circles for a minute or more until she was so wet the fingers that had previously just been teasing the entrance to her vagina slipped inside her with ease. She moaned with pleasure and the guard continued sliding his fingers in and out of her from behind while rubbing her clitoris, sending waves of ecstasy throughout her body until she was shaking so badly she could barely keep standing in her heels.
The guard withdrew his right hand but kept slipping his left fingers deeper and deeper inside Suzanne. She heard him unzip his pants and pull his penis out where it could finally swell to its full potential.
"There's just one more thing before I can let you go." he said, continuing with the security charade.
Filled with lust, Suzanne leaned forward and pushed her butt toward the guard, begging him to fuck her so she could finally have the release she so desperately craved. She reached back between her legs and grabbed a hold of his shaft and stroked it back and forth, guiding it closer to her waiting entrance with each tug. The guard put one large, strong hand on either side of Suzanne's hips and right as she guided the tip of his penis into herself, he thrust forward vigorously, filling her with his manhood. The two struggled to remain standing with the sudden motion. Then the guard pulled back and thrust again, and again, pulling her hips against his over and over. Suzanne could feel every inch of his hard cock sliding in and out of her and with each thrust she came closer and closer to climax until finally he pulled himself deep inside her, let out a deep groan and she felt her insides pulse with ejaculate. The sensation of being filled with cum sent Suzanne into her own shivering orgasm as the guard pulled on her hips to fully drain himself inside her.
The two stood there for a moment to regain their balance, then the guard pulled out and stepped back, panting from the exertion. He waited a few seconds until he could start tucking his penis back in his pants, while Suzanne, glistening with sweat, staggered over to the desk to grab her coat and put it on.
"You going to be home soon?" she asked as she finished buttoning her coat back up and fixing her tousled hair.
"I'm almost done here. Just need to send a couple emails and I should be all set." Liam responded.
"Okay. Hurry up though! I'm not done with you yet." Suzanne winked and gave her husband a seductive look.
"See you at home."
"See you soon babe."
Suzanne opened the security office door, peeked her head out to make sure the way was clear, and slinked back down the hallway.
Liam flopped down into his desk chair with a contented sigh and watched his wife walk towards her car on the security monitors. She stopped a few paces from the loading dock camera, turned around, opened her coat wide to flash the camera with a sexy little shimmy, blew him a kiss and then left.
"Fuck it. The emails can wait." Liam thought. He turned off his computer, grabbed his jacket, and went home.