The guy, Mr. Off the Script, had clearly moved in across the street. I saw him on the porch a couple of times, occasionally even kicking back with a friend. He nodded to me once or twice in a totally harmless and neighborly way. It made me grind my teeth. Through the window of his place, a large screen showed that video games were usually the evening's entertainment. I shrugged. If he'd rather shoot fake people in a game than shoot a hot load in my kind of willing, kind of reluctant pussy, that was his choice. I had locked him out anyway, but it would have been nice to see him try to get in. I was so conflicted, but I used those feelings to keep myself from going over and doing something rash. I'd survived for a long time with only my toys, and the last man in my life was a less than stellar catch. Once burned, twice shy.
I hated that his proximity was making me feel needy and frustrated. I'd hoped to continue our game, and tantalized him with closed curtains a few nights running. Then I went back to open curtains, but no dice. He was not playing my game. Maybe he was playing me. Worse, maybe he was done with me. I chose not to entertain those thoughts too much. I'd always been confident in my attractiveness, and I wasn't about to let some guy who occasionally hired himself out for sex get the better of me that way.
Anyway I had other things to take my mind off the matter. Work was busier than ever and my persistence and long hours were paying off. Someone also dropped a flyer under my door at home reminding me that the neighborhood barbecue was coming up this weekend. That was tomorrow. I'd enjoyed this event the past few years and this year would be no different. Some really nice people lived around here. I bet they had no idea that a sometime sex worker and a frustrated exhibitionist were playing out some twisted game of sexual dominance. I laughed to myself as I prepped the dishes for the potluck.
Making food always soothed me and I lost myself in the process for a while. I made my failsafe cold pasta salad, with heirloom tomatoes, fresh pesto, and creamy mozzarella. It looked amazing and I knew it tasted great. A last splash of white balsamic vinegar brought the dish to perfection. That finished, I had to decide on a dessert. I always thought this barbecue was a little tamer than it could be. So many staid and sedate wives who could release their inner hotwife... hmmm. Boozy popsicles seemed like a no brainer. Inspiration hit; tequila sunrise pops! Those would go like hotcakes. Obviously I would warn people, but these would be potent. I grinned to myself as I prepped the ingredients and placed the popsicle molds in the freezer.
The day of the barbecue dawned hot and sultry. It was nice to be able to delve into my non-work wardrobe. I had the cutest sundress that was just dying to be a part of my summer. Butter yellow, it hugged my boobs and showed off my complexion to perfection. To be honest, I felt a bit like Belle wearing it; that dress might have been the girliest thing in my closet. But even I could acknowledge that I looked damn good in it. I left my hair down, sweeping the brown waves over one shoulder. Coral lipstick, and I was good to go.
I picked up the glass pan of pasta salad and headed out the door, turning left toward the park where the barbecue was always held. The park was a beautiful space abutting the development, wooded on one side with a jogging path, and meadow with a few picnic tables. When I arrived the tables were already laden and my neighbors were milling about enjoying themselves. Someone had brought buckets of water balloons and the neighborhood kids already had some all out warfare going. I decided to steer clear of the water fight; no bra and a wet dress would not be conducive to keeping my dignity. I was pretty sure this cloth would turn transparent, displaying my large nipples to the interested community. Yeah, no thanks.
As I placed my casserole on the table, I saw my mystery guy talking to Janice, the busybody retiree. She was sweet and harmless enough, but that woman could gossip like no tomorrow. And if she thought you had a juicy morsel of news to impart, her conversational style would start to feel more like a highly trained interrogation. She couldn't know I was off balance around the nice young man beside her. I schooled my face to blandness as they headed my way.
"Hi, sweetie," she sang out. I contained a grimace. Effusiveness was never my style. Beside her, mystery man tossed me a commiserative half smile. "This is Van. He just moved into our neighborhood last week; somewhere over near you I think. Van, this is Isabella. You'll want to get to her pasta salad soon, it goes quick." Satisfied with herself, Janice strolled off, leaving me facing Van. We shook hands, while I tried not to think about where those hands had been - all over my body in the most intimate way... His palm was warm and callused. I knew I was blushing, but I opted to look him directly in the eye.
"It's nice to finally meet you," Van said, looking down into my face. I was getting a good close up look for the first time, so I stared back with equal frankness. Light brown hair with golden highlights, and big, friendly hazel eyes beneath strongly marked brows - I was hit by the fact that he was not only hot and really masculine, but also cute. For me there was a distinction. I bet Van could do some great puppy dog eyes. I was into it. Boy was I ever.
"Good to meet you too," I told him, playing it cool. "No one's lived across the street since I've been here, so it's a nice change. What brought you into our area?"
"You did, Isabella." Van stepped closer, crowding me a little. The way he said my name made a shiver of desire run down my spine. I fought the urge to either step forward or back in response to his tactics. He plucked up one of my hands from where it hung limply by my side and began towing me toward the running path and the trees. Resistless, I followed. What was I going to do, start a fight at the barbecue?
"Hey, where are you two headed?" Nosy Janice must have had her eye on us all along. "The party's just getting started!"
I struggled to come up with an answer, my mind all caught up in whatever was about to unfold between Van and I. I had nothing. Luckily for me Van had a little more presence of mind left.
"Isabella made popsicles too. I'm going to help her carry them over. You'll like these, Janice; they have tequila..." We kept walking. I gave her a little mind-your-own-business wave.
"How did you..." I began, then stopped, feeling like an idiot. Van's stare connected with mine as the cool of the forest washed over our skin.
"I was watching. Can't wait to taste..." He infused the words with so much sensual promise I really doubted we were talking about the popsicles anymore. Van kept leading me into the woods. In minutes we'd left the running trail. It was a small park, so sights and sounds of the barbecue could still be heard, but I almost felt like I was in a different world. Yet I had only to look back the way we came to see Janice pouring her third gin and tonic as she cornered a stressed out young mom whose child kicked a ball onto the picnic tables.
Van stopped moving and I ran right into him, since I was looking back toward the field. Solid male muscle connected with me like a wall, and then his arms came around me with swift certainty. I let out an involuntary yelp of surprise, but Van must have interpreted it as fear.
"Isabella," he said right next to my ear, his voice husky. "You liked what I did to you before. You'll like this too. Don't be scared." I couldn't move an inch in his formidable grip. I felt utterly helpless and so turned on, I was ready before his hands even started to move. A whimper of anticipation came from my mouth. Embarrasing how much sexual sway this near stranger had over me. I twisted a little, a token struggle that did nothing to break his powerful hold on me. He turned me so so my back was flush to his front. A few feathery light kisses landed on my neck and shoulders, amping up my heartrate. I melted against him. One hand lifted my skirt and started to caress my ass. Van groaned.
"You'll have to stay very quiet, or I'll gag you," he told me, his voice strained. "All your worthy neighbors are right there." I nodded, even though I wasn't totally averse to the idea of being gagged by Van. Maybe in a different setting. He pushed me against a tree and told me, "Hold on," in a voice that took acceptance for granted. Obedient, I gripped the bark with trembling fingers. I felt him looming behind me and heard him unzip his shorts. The anticipation was killing me. I was so fucking ready. Van moved in close and I stuck my ass out, connecting it with his hot, hard erection. My god, this guy was hung. I pressed against him again, and then yelped as his hand slapped my ass. Not too hard, but just enough to get my attention. "I said quiet, didn't I?" he teased. His fingers slid my underwear down and suddenly my dripping pussy was naked to the forest. His fingers tested me and found me wet. "You are soaking, Isabella," he observed hoarsely.
I turned my head and our stares connected again. He was tasting the finger he'd dipped into my pussy. So hot. I wouldn't say it, but this stare was me begging for him to hurry it up. He got the idea.
Van lined his dick up with my sensitive core and began to push in. It was slow in spite of my wetness. It was heaven. All my nerve endings lit up with raging, uncontrollable lust. I liked the slow stretch, almost a burn. Finally he was all the way in, balls pressed against my ass. "So tight," he said. "You're exquisite." I leaned forward, bracing myself against the tree, ready for him to move, doing my best not to squirm.
Eventually he did, keeping a steady, measured pace. I hoped no one was out jogging in this heat. Even if the picnic folks couldn't get a good look, we were fully exposed to the running trail. Van moved behind me, thrusting in a controlled and even speed. It went on and on, lighting me up with pure sensation. That he was enjoying himself, I had no doubt, I could take it like this for hours. I would tell him that. Before I could open my mouth though, he spoke softly behind me.
"You've been teasing me, Isabella," Van said, an accusing note in his voice. "Locked doors, locked windows, that juicy pussy on display..." He let his words hang in the air for a minute. I was gasping now, knowing my orgasm was not far off. Van picked up the pace.
"You don't get to cum right now," he told me coldly. "Only me." Bastard. I could tell he was getting close, his thrusts quicker and jerkier. It was a race to the finish line then. I disengaged a hand from the tree bark and reached for my clit. Van growled and wrenched my hand back into place. He grabbed both my wrists and held me against him, thrusting more vigorously now. "Can I... cum inside?" he asked between pants.
"No," I bit out vindictively. It would have been fine, I was on birth control, but at that moment I wasn't inclined to do anything nice for him. Even if it would have been oh so nice for me as well. I almost retracted my statement, but then I felt him release me and pull out. I turned, not willing to miss this too. His hand fisted around his dick and tugged a few times. Looked like a pretty powerful orgasm as it spattered onto the forest floor. What a waste. He let out a sound that communicated satisfaction and frustration both, his eyes on my face. If Van had bothered to be nice to me he could have cum in my pussy, or down my throat. I loved to swallow. I almost told him as much and then I decided I wasn't talking to him. Childish? Sure. I didn't care right then. There wasn't much space in my mind for anything but frustrated lust.
Both of us were flushed and breathing hard. I was angry, I had to admit - really angry and unfulfilled. And still so aroused I could hardly think. I pulled my panties back into place and straightened my dress, scowling and ignoring Van. I was willing to bet he'd bring some puppy dog eyes into play to soothe my feelings, and I wasn't feeling like being soothed. I wanted to cum, dammit. I also needed to get away from this man. I was starting to come to the conclusion that he was really not good for me.
My clothing back in order, I started heading toward the barbecue. Safety in numbers, right? I hoped I didn't look as just fucked as I felt.
"Wait," Van called after me. I didn't wait. "Isabella! The popsicles?" He sounded sad. He had no right to be upset. I wavered. "What will Janice think?" he teased. I stopped and turned toward my house, knowing he'd follow. Van and I really needed to talk. Also I had a plan forming in the back of my mind.