Expanding Circles
Friday couldn't get here fast enough!
I cleared my last class just after noon and headed for the Drama Department.
Karen had a French Maid outfit for me.
Sensible closed black shoes, white lace stockings going all of the way to my upper thigh with a white lace bow on top. Thin white panties, with a lace underlay that hid my treasure from view. A four inch black vinyl skirt that only covered the top of the panties, and a matching three button vest that lifted up my breasts, but did not cover them, acting more like a corset, with a tit lift. A puffy white, off the shoulder blouse, and of course the small black hat with white lace trim.
Karen's Academic Advisor was there to explain to me how this was more of an Austrian Maid outfit, circa 1850's, pointing out a few details here and there. Karen asked Karl to step outside while I tried on the outfit, and he tilted his head questioningly, and turned to me.
"Do I really need to leave Miss," he enquired.
"Not on my account kind sir," I answered in my best Austrian Maid voice.
I peeled out of my harem pants and blouse, and didn't hesitate to pull my sports bra up and off. My breasts bounced up and down for at least 3 cycles. Down went my modest matching flannel undies.
It was no striptease, and Karl did not raise a brow or hang his tongue. He just sat and watched as Karen helped me with the unfamiliar buttons, snaps and zippers of my new sexy wear.
Karl then stepped in, with a tape measure and adjusted my stockings as if I was a mannequin! Continuing his Scholarly investigation, he pulled the skirt down a half inch, then made sure that the fit of the vest hugged my breasts perfectly.
"Very nice," he proclaimed. "Except the blouse should be a button up to the throat," he finished with a sigh.
"Well, it is multi-functional," I informed him. "After I dust off your mantle, I can just flip this down," I explained as I flipped the top of the blouse down and off of my white mounds. "Then I can entertain the master of the house in other ways," I concluded with a witty smile.
Karl rapidly blinked, as if he was seeing nipples for the first time and sputtered, "I can give you a B, ...with a plus for functionality!"
Then he put away his tape measure, turned and walked away.
We giggled, as school girls do when we recognize how goofy males can be.
Karen told me I had better practice getting in and out of the vest and skirt, but declined to find any boys for me to practice with.
Karen was clearly only interested in men, so I kept my hands to myself, as I tested the snaps of the vest and the zipper of the skirt. Positioning my tits in the upturn pockets of the vest was the only real challenge, and I knew that my observers would be just as happy if I fumbled a bit.
Jimmy came over early, so we could have a bite, but I wanted more of a lick then a bite, so, an hour later we grabbed a burger on the way to the Gingerbread House.
Bruno was back on the front door, though there was no lineup at 7:30 he still had to check for age.
While Jimmy hurried to the back, I told Bruno that a few friends from school might drop by, and asked if they could get right in? When I told him that at least one would be female, he told me that it was policy not to make the ladies wait, unless they absolutely had to.
I firmly planted a kiss high on his cheek, then whispered in his ear, "I just left a perfect imprint of my lips."
Pulling back to arms length I peered at my lipstick brand on Bruno's cheek. "Leave it there," I ordered, then turned and entered the G.
Ben was back, as was the beautiful Gina.
Carol introduced me to four ladies before I started. One was an Ebony beauty from Staten Island. Mynx was her stage name, but the girls called her Mini.
Mynx wore three inch black heels over thigh length white stockings capped in lace, just under the bright red spandex hot-pants. Her ample bosom was covered by a heavy uplift bra that just barely covered the nipples. Cute and sexy. I couldn't wait to see more, and I'm sure that she knew it!
Mynx was the Feature Performer tonight, so I wondered if she had any 'hidden' talents.
I hit the main floor right on eight, and was soon sitting with Anthony and his lady friend Jill.
Jill was no more than 22 and could easily have held down my job, while her escort was at least 45, but still had good hair and a trim body.
Anthony insisted that the dance was for Jill, which really turned me on as he positioned my dais tight between her legs, while sitting back a ways, to enjoy the show.
Colon was setting the mood with his deep smoky voice.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," he crooned, "Welcome to the Gingerbread House, where our beautiful girls are eager to dance for you, so please call one over, or ask our staff to mark down your table on their dance cards."
"I love your outfit Shylo," Jill boldly initiated some conversation.
"It's an Austrian Maid outfit, but the blouse is not quite proper for the time frame", I managed to convey my entire knowledge of European fashion in the 18th century with one sentence.
"Oh that makes it even sexier, knowing that some maiden had to wear something like that every day, while working in front of an entire family," she mused.
"They did not have access to much porn back then I suppose," I quipped.
Jill laughed as the song started and I stood to dance for her.
I danced more intimately with Jill than I had with any man, outside of the Emerald Lounge.
She could touch me when she wanted to, and I had no fear of Jimmy taking her down. My body was all over her and she loved it.
Then I noticed her partner.
He was absorbing it as if he was the one touching me.
As her hand found my naked bum for a squeeze, his hand squeezed his thigh. When she licked my nipple during a deep move, his tongue flicked out for a second. It was the most intimate sharing that I had ever experienced and I vowed to write up a paper on this for future use as a form of therapy.
"So, how do you come up with these sexy outfits to strip in," my young patron asked.
"A friend of mine at the U is in costume design, so we scratch each other's back," I explained to Jill.
"I love the way that vest holds your boobies," she giggled, while I felt my juices flowing and my nipples engorging.
At the conclusion of my second dance, I straddled Jill's lap, pressed my naked bosom against her and went in for a deep French kiss.
Anthony handed me my 10er and thanked me in dismissal.
Jimmy waved me over to another table, and I moved on.
Surprisingly, though I was really attracted to Jill, I was not dripping wet from dancing for her.
As I got to my next table, Gina showed up to take a drink order. She was smart to hit them up just as their dancer showed up, cause nine times out of ten they will buy her a drink too.
"Attention Gentlemen and Ladies, please give a warm welcome to our feature performer, the beautiful, talented Mynx," Colon announced with a booming voice.
The stage lights came on, and little Mini sprang out from behind the curtain.
She was a tumbler. Doing somersaults across the stage like an Olympic Gymnast. Then coming down in the splits.
Sexy fully clothed, (if you could call these outfits 'fully closed') but soon she started to peel.
Her copper breasts glistened with an oily shimmer, and the darker contrast of her small areolas enticed our tongues.
She peeled out of her red hot pants, during one of her tumbles. One second there was pants, the next, only a silver thong.
As her first song ended, I marveled at the energy that she put out for her performance.
Mike finally showed up with Todd and Ryan and their two new girlfriends!
These girls were not the type you would expect to see at a strip club, but they were taking it all in, like it was a foreign land.
"No girlfriend for you Mike?" I teasingly asked.
"I was hoping to pick someone up here," he teased me right back as he looked around the room.
I was called to a table next to them, and set myself up right between the two girls, but facing my patron. I told them that I had to watch Mynx do her second act, and they were happy to enjoy my company while we all watched.
The music started and the Mynx sprang forth for her second song, what I now thought of as 'the pussy song'.
She came out with just her thong in place, strutting her perky tits, made even perkier with the 4 inch heels she was balanced on.
This time she went up on her hands and spread her legs so they were parallel to the floor, then she used only her hands to bounce about the stage.
Her breasts were bouncing in a totally unnatural way, but it was impossible to tear your eyes away.
After another tumble, the thong disappeared, and she was back up on her hands, with her glistening, and fully exposed pussy, bouncing it's full labia up and down for our viewing pleasure!
"Oh my," I said out loud to no one in particular.
The Mynx tumbled back to her feet, picked up her thong, and meandered off of the stage, to a raucous round of applause.
As usual, one of them stood to help me up to my platform. Men are born gentlemen, and they always treat you better when they want to know you better.
Though I danced for a middle aged man named Clive, I was also dancing for my new friends behind me.
Quan was a grad student in Computer Science from Taiwan. She could not have been further from her element, but she watched me with eyes wide and lips parted.
Tanya was younger, perhaps second year, majoring in Chemistry. She was another International student from The Republic of Nigeria. I don't know how Todd got the confidence to ask her out because she was gorgeous.
When I made my final move, to show my pussy to my clients, I bent back, in an arch, hoping to find Mike's table with my hands, but one ended up on Tanya's leg. She jumped up, like she'd been pinched, and this caused me to fall.
The ever attentive Mike saw it coming, and dove in to save me from harm, but the tangle of bodies, chairs and the platform made for quite a commotion, and brought the muscle running.
"My mistake guys!" I hastened to keep the testosterone down.
They all helped to return things to normal, and no drinks were lost, so all was forgiven. I sat with my table through the first dance of the next set, then gave them a fully nude dance as a parting gift before Jimmy came over to pull me into the Emerald Room.
When my break came at 11:30, I decided to sit with my college friends and find out more about these two women.
I sat between them, and had Gina bring me a real drink. Of course I intro'd Gina, and she was very warm towards them. The thought of exposing yourself like this was alien to Quan. So I told her that they have amateur stripping on Wednesday, but she turned red in the face and quickly squashed that idea.
"What about you Tanya," I asked, turning to Todd's guest.
"I don't think they would like me," whined Tanya. "My body is not perfect like yours Shylo," she continued with a frown.
"I have to use my brains to find a good man," she pouted.
I wondered what the girls were like in her neck of the woods, if she was not considered beautiful.
"I would pay for you to dance," an older man at the table behind her said.
"So would I," said Todd and Ryan together.
Tanya was too dark skinned for me to tell if she blushed, but the look on her face told me she was shocked at the offer.
"They are just being nice," she said, "American men are so nice."
"Tanya, you really don't know how gorgeous you are?" I asked in disbelief. "...and you don't know American men very well either!" I jokingly replied.
She just shook her head.
"My mother says that I have two missions," Tanya informed us. "Become a Doctor, and marry a Doctor or an Engineer."
I wondered if Todd knew this before asking Tanya to go out with him, but Tanya explained herself further.
"I will be a Doctor someday, but I am going to have fun too," she continued, "If I find a man here, they would not likely agree to live in Nigeria, so that part is not important.
Tanya turned to look into Todd's eyes, perhaps hoping that her explanation was enough, but I could see that her worries were unfounded. Todd was infatuated with her.
"We are meeting up with Sharon and Pam later," said Mike.
"They wanted to dance at the new club on Lexington," he said while shaking his head.
He could not understand how a dancer could enjoy a night of dancing!
"If there's an after party, give me a call big boy," I prompted Mike, knowing that he would.
I wondered if the girls would play nice, or just take what they wanted? They could at least set Tanya straight on how she looks, I thought.
Jimmy slid in next to me at the table.
"Hey, Shylo, we have a request for you and another girl in the Emerald, you ready", he wondered.
"Who am I with and how many guys," I asked.
"That Mynx girl, and it's only one guy and a girl. easy money," he mused.
I met up with Mini just before going in. "Great set girlfriend," I complimented my new friend.
"Thank's Shylo, you girls have it nice here too, clean, good security, I might make a move," she pondered out loud.
"I'm sure that Ben would make room for a woman with your talents," I suggested hopefully.
Entering the smaller private room, I was surprised to find Anthony and his young friend Jill.
I quivered inside, realizing that we might push the limits of the sex rule in the Emerald Room.
Before the dance started I leaned into Mini and whispered. "I'm going to undress you".
We did not bother with the side stages, we used the stool to mount the main table together. Then we danced for each other, with our hands and our eyes we enjoyed each other's bodies.
When I found myself behind her, I reached around for a squeeze of her breasts. They were so soft!
The bra hit the floor.
This Mynx cat was as smooth and silky as I have ever felt. I just wanted to bury my tongue where I could make her meow!
Either we missed the mini break between songs, or there wasn't one, but we did not care.
Her thong came off next, exposing that dark pussy with vivid pink lips. Mini moved to undress me now, as she showed her fully exposed pussy.
My thong was off just as Jill joined us on the table.
I was a little shocked, and a little turned on, and my mind had to evaluate if this would be ethical or legal or moral?
Then our hands were relieving Jill's body of her clothes, as we danced and groped and fondled each other. I had to trust that Carol would intervene if I crossed the line.
Eventually we fondled our way to the table top with our bodies forming a triangle, and with each mouth buried in a friendly mound of joy.
I can't say how long we kept at it. But who would stop us. It was pure lust. Who would not want to watch that happen.
At some point I found myself straightening myself up, and having a deep swallow on my drink. Anthony and Jill were gone, and Mynx was putting her costume back on, ready for work.
It was just past 2 so we were winding down, with many guests drinking water or beer, in hopes that they were okay to drive, maybe after hitting a late night diner.
Bruno was antsy, pacing the floor, bored. I noticed that my lip print was still there, but it looked a little smudged.
"Hey B, who smudged my brand," I asked him.
"Some idiot thought it looked gay," he said, with steel in his eyes.
"...and you don't like idiots," I wondered.
"Shylo, no one likes idiots," he explained, "I don't like homophobics."
I asked him if I could fix it for him, but he said it was perfect just the way it was.
My phone tingled and I was thrilled to find that there was a party going on at the girls pad.
"Sharon and Pam are entertaining at their place, how about stopping in for a nightcap," I asked with a suggestive raising of my eye brows.
"I know where they live, but I am their security when they are here, so I like to keep it professional," he explained.
I saw Mini getting her things ready to leave, and felt like I had to make her feel more welcome at the G House.
"Hey Mynx, there's a party at a friends house, could you use a drink or a smoke to wind down?" I asked.
"Is it safe girl?" she wondered, showing more experience than most.
"It's mostly our people I answered, and I would love to get Bruno to go too," I pondered out loud.
"I'll bet you a dance, that he'll come out if you ask him Mini," I conveyed it as a challenge.
"A dance! For him or me," she murmured.
"You dance for me if you fail, him if you succeed," I teased.
"So what is my prize?" she wondered.
"Either me or him," I giggled, "either way you will be a winner!"
I told Jimmy that we were heading to the girls pad for some "after" action, and he was pumped for it. I told him that he had better enjoy everyone, cause I was certainly going to, and he winked to assure me that all was fine.
Pam and Sharon had a nice place above a Mom and Pop Pizza house. The only traffic was their delivery cars, and noise was never an issue.
They had their own entryway, with solid steel stairs up the back and space for two cars.
Twenty minutes later, Bruno showed up, with the Mynx, and I saw that my brand was gone! I suppose that the Mynx would be dancing for someone else tonight.
Music was playing loud, and there wasn't an empty seat in the living room. Cases of beer cluttered the table, and the sink was full of ice and beer.
Sharon was dancing with Tanya, while Pam watched from a bar stool.
"Ten bucks says she gets her top off within two dances," she whispered to me.
I looked them over, and considered our conversation from earlier.
"I would have to take the under, if I bet on things like that," I responded.
Two minutes later Tanya's boobs were out for all to enjoy.
They had a little BBQ area on a porch above the ovens. It was warmer and the air drier, so we didn't need coats, and I really needed to burn one.
Bruno and Mini joined me there, where I learned that he was an abstaining alcoholic, who enjoyed pot.
"I was an angry drunk," he said.
"I send far less people to the hospital now," he chuckled in explanation. I could tell by the way Mini was grasping his thick arm, that she was happy to find him.
Pam joined us, and we did the toke, toke, pass game until two joints were down to roaches.
Sharon came out and asked Bruno to give her a hand, she wisely asked Mini to join them.
"They're getting us some pizza," Pam informed us. Again I marveled at how perfect this place was.
Ten minutes later Bruno bound up the stairs with six boxes! Next came Mini with a sack of extras, then Sharon with two women from the kitchen, laughing and singing, carrying a large salad bowl.
When the new people came in with the food, everyone shuffled up to get a plate full.
Now the porch was full too, as their drivers finished their deliveries, and of course everyone was related to each other. I had a good talk with Gretta, the owner of the Pizza House.
Gretta was a perfect example of how immigration was working well in America.
She took a very modest inheritance and made a living through hard work, for herself and six of her relatives from Beirut.
Bruno and Mini came out of the apartment and said their good-nights. They looked good together, and Mini looked a bit clingy.
"I'm calling Ben tomorrow to see if he has room for me," Mini informed me.
I thought she would fit in well, but of course Ben had to make it work.
"Ben will make it work," Bruno stated, with confidence. "His dad hired me 10 years ago, so I'm sure he will do this for me," he assured us.
I went to find Jimmy to see if he would give me a ride home, but I saw that he was deep into conversation with one of the ladies from the kitchen. I backed up right into Mike.
"Hey, I'm heading out," he said.
"Share a cab? Uber?"
I'm here with Todd and Tonya, and I'm sure that they'll make room for you, but we gotta go," he enticed me.
"Let me tell Jimmy," I told him, not wanting to do it, but feeling that I should.
I returned to the kitchen to find Jimmy fully involved with the same young lady, so I chickened out, and asked Sharon to let him know after I left.
Mike was willing to join me for a nightcap, but Todd needed to get Tonya home, something about a test or whatever, but I'm sure that Todd wanted to see those tits again!
"Do you have time to put me to sleep Mike," I asked him matter of factly.
"Yes, young one, I can help you shed the misery of your day, with a snuggle, but you better not fall asleep too fast, or I will spank you awake!" he teased.
"Better than the last time I was shocked awake," and I told him about my attack only six days ago.
He listened like a good friend, but we soon talked about better things, and our young minds noticed that we both wanted to fuck, so we did.
It was near 6 when I kissed Mike goodbye, and set my alarm.
I had no classes today, just a date with my pillow.