"Come to my office." Was the text message I received from my employee Brad. No please. No hello. Just that text. This couldn't be good.
I took a deep breath.
Brad recently received a promotion that moved his office into his own private room. I was still out on the open bullpen, even though I was still his boss.
Well...still his boss at work anyways.
But it was kind of annoying that he was granted that privilege.
We had been secretly fooling around for over a month now with Brad helping me explore a side of my sexuality I had been missing since I started dating my boyfriend (now husband) years ago. It was getting pretty risky. But I loved it.
I quickly walked down to his office and knocked on the closed door.
"Come in." His voice said.
Entering I took note of the sparse setting. A single chair sat across from his desk and a cabinet on one wall held various items, including a small safe. Brad smiled at me over his big desk.
"Close the door behind you." I did.
"This is a work meeting, don't worry." Brad said.
I breathed a small sigh of relief. I wasn't ready for some naughty activity at the moment. I was on my period and it wasn't the best time for any naughty fun...and for the sake of appearing sexy I didn't want him to know that.
"But you should still be naked." Brad finished.
Well...there goes that idea.
I turned to lock the door.
"Don't bother." Brad said, back on his computer typing, as if I wasn't even there.
"What if someone walks i-" I started.
"Don't. Bother." He said again, locking his eyes on me. He turned back to the computer.
I sighed. In one smooth motion I pulled my dress up over my head.
Per Brad's rules, I wasn't wearing any underwear. So my husband wouldn't get suspicious I always took my underwear off in the car when I got to work and put it on when I left. This meant I was being extra careful when it came to hygiene this week.
I stood there butt naked for a long moment while Brad typed.
"Put your dress in the safe on the cabinet." Brad finally said.
The safe was small, but large enough to fit my dress. I placed it inside and closed the door.
Click.
It locked. I felt my heart skip a beat as it closed. Giving it a quick tug my fears were confirmed -- locked.
"Good, stand in the middle of the room again."
I obliged.
"Turn your back towards me."
I turned and faced the door.
"Bend over. Spread." Brad ordered.
I bent over, feeling the humiliation wash over me.
I could feel his eyes taking note of my tampon string.
"Don't move. No matter what I say. Is that understood?" He asked.
"Yes, Sir." I responded.
"I have several meetings starting at 2:30p today. In this office."
I felt my body stiffen.
"It's 2:28p right now. I'll let you decide what to do next. You are free to move." He sat back in his chair, a smile on his face. I looked at my phone still in my hand...it was indeed 2:28p.
Panic filled my body.
I scanned the room. The only place to hide was under his desk. I heard foot steps coming down the hall.
Almost tripping, I raced around and crawled under the desk as someone knocked on the door. I squished myself up against the desk, Brad's knees pushing me further back.
"Come in!" Brad said.
I heard the person enter and at the sound of their voice my heart dropped. It was Mr. Shoemaker -- the head of my branch. He almost never came into the office. Brad must have invited him.
And now he was here, just a few feet away on the other side of the desk.
"You wanted to see me?" He asked.
"Yes, I wanted to talk about the new initiative, I had some ideas..." Brad started.
As the two of them talked, I tried to move quietly under the desk into a more comfortable position.
Brad discretely reached under the table without looking and wrapped his hand around my tit. He refocused his grip around my nipple. And started to slowly pull.
Electricity seemed to course through my body as he pulled on my sensitive nipple. I almost gasped as he slowly twisted it. I stopped moving and he released his grip. They continued talking as I tried to control my breathing.
I realized they were talking about me.
"She can be a bit stuck up, but she runs a solid department." Shoemaker was saying.
"She's the kind of woman who just needs to be put in her place, then she'd be a bit more pleasant." Brad said laughing.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing and how incredible unprofessional this conversation was. Shoemaker lowered his voice.
"I bet she's a freak in the bedroom."
Brad leaned forward in his chair too, his crotch close to my face.
"I know she is. We fooled around before." Brad said.
"Really? Isn't she married." Shoemaker responded.
Don't do it, I silently begged. Don'd give him details.
"She is married now, but I can't comment further on a timeline." Brad said.
"How was it?" Shoemaker asked. "Help me with a theory...she has a size-able ass. Does she like anal?"
I felt steam coming out of my ears. My eyes started watering, I was so mad. And I cry when I get mad. This was unacceptable.
"Loves it. First time we fucked she begged me to finger her ass. The best part of her is the love of exhibitionism she has. She's been naked around the office before." Brad said.
"Get out. She would never. She's at least professional at work." Shoemaker responded.
Brad reached down and grabbed my hand, placing it on his crotch. He was rock hard.
"She's professional...but also incredibly obedient. She loves to do what she's told." Brad said, rubbing my hand on his crotch for me.
I tried to shove my anger down and quietly unbuttoned his pants. I reached in through the slit and pulled his cock out. I couldn't stop myself.
"Two more questions, how does she groom herself and how tight is she?" Shoemaker asked.
Brad's hand guided my head towards his cock as he moved forward in the chair. His dick pressed against my lips and I caved, opening my mouth to him.
"Maybe I'll show you the answer to both of those one day." Brad said. The implication sent a wave of pleasure through my body. I hated that I felt that way. Shoemaker laughed it off...having no idea what was right in front of him.
The conversation turned to work again and about ten minutes later Shoemaker left.
Another meeting came and went. And another.
Brad didn't cum the entire time and my jaw was sore by the end. I tried every trick in my book to make him finish but he stopped me every time he was close.
The door opened again.
"Hey man, have you seen [my name]?" It sounded like LaMicah, the accountant.
I swore in my head. I had a meeting with him at 3p. It was 3:15p.
"I haven't. Have you tried calling?" I heard LaMicah walk into the office. "No, let me try."
A pause. My phone started to vibrate on the ground next to me. I pulled it close to my chest to try and dampen the sound. It felt like it went on forever.
"No answer". He said. "Oh well, if you see her just tell her I'm looking for her."
Brad got up, went to the door and locked it.
"Zoom meeting time." He said, dashing my hopes that the end was near.
The meeting opened and others were already talking. Brad grabbed my hand and helped me out from under the desk.
"Don't worry, the camera is off." He said.
I stretched my cramped body and looked at his computer screen. Brad's camera was off but the other screens were filled with my coworkers, people I had worked with for years.
Brad grabbed something from the drawer and came back. He pushed his chair away and bent me over the desk in front of the computer, hands on either side of it. He kicked my legs wide open.
Spitting in his hand, he lubed up my pussy. I looked back and saw the flash of a dildo. I felt the pressure behind me as he pressed the head into me and it slowly entered my body, stretching me immediately. It felt big. I could barely fit the tip.
That seemed to be enough at he started to fuck me with it. He reached around me and I watched the mouse slowly drift down to the camera "on" button. He started fucking me faster.
"Imagine...if I pressed this button right now..." Brad whispered. "Everyone would see you..."
It was too much. All the build up hit me. A shiver coursed through my body and I groaned as the orgasm took over my body. I pretty much blacked out. I woke up sitting in the chair, a puddle all over the ground from where I squirted.
"Good girl." Brad said.
He opened the safe and handed my dress back. "You heard the boss earlier, get back to work, and be a little less stuck up." He spanked me on the ass -- hard.
I quickly pulled on my dress and darted out of his office, my heart pounding like a drum. I sat at my desk as my brain tried to process what just happened.
This job was never going to be the same.