This is a celebration of July 14, not a sex-filled tome. It's a (mostly) true account of our fun with new neighbors. Enjoy and then go make your own National Nude Day memories.
Cheers
Zoo
-----------
"Really?"
"Yep."
Over a few beers one Friday afternoon, my neighbor, Louis, and I discovered a very interesting coincidence.
"So, she doesn't know you saw her?" We ask each other.
Turns out we had both seen the other's wives topless, the only difference being his wife had no intention of exposing herself to anyone. While Bonnie wouldn't have cared, his wife Dianne definitely did. That she was topless in the first place was a huge turnon for him, but Dianne had no idea anyone else saw her.
That said, Louis wanted to see his wife topless on a public beach. From what he told me, he had been working on her for some time in the hope to get her comfortable and confident enough to do it. Not that he was jealous of me, but he definitely admired Bonnie's free spirit as he watched her through the slat in the fence dividing our backyards.
"What about completely naked?" I ask.
"Even better."
Thus, our plan was hatched.
"Good morning"
After several years of marriage, these words are among those I cherish most hearing every single day. Sure, I had to fight through a fear to commit to this woman and my own failings seemed to doom us. And yet, here we are, two humans who know everything about each other. We know how to love, how to push buttons to enrage, how to honor and serve, and especially how to navigate life together. While we are definitely not perfect, we work hard each day to be a good couple.
"Good morning, love."
It's such a simple statement. I suppose I could be more eloquent. I prefer simplicity, especially early in the day since I always have the rest of the day to honor such a magnificent woman. Bonnie and I have had some wonderful adventures together, and this summer is proving to be no exception. This week, in the middle of July, we are actually at home as we are between a couple of small trips within the States. We hadn't planned on being home, but we suddenly found ourselves unable to reserve a beach side condo in South Padre, probably due to the lifing of pandemic restrictions in Texas.
That said, Bonnie definitely spoiled me last year, but somehow upped the ante this year.
"Okay, lover. What's on the agenda? It sure is early." Bonnie always was able to immediately wake up. Morning people, sheesh.
"Well, I have three activities planned, maybe a fourth time permitting."
Looking at the calendar last month, I realized we would be able to avoid big crowds and thought of some really unheard of places for us to go. Basically,
the slate was clean, and Bonnie volunteered to provide the entertainment for however I decided to paint the canvas. Therefore, on today, July 14th, she and I decided to create some National Nude Day memories.
"What should I bring?"
"Wear clothes for golf, and bring a suit for kayaking. Whatever you bring, you should be prepared to lose at any time along the way." I tell her.
"Oh goody."
With the earliest tee time I could find, we have to leave the house before the sun is up. Getting into town should be easy, and the golf course is a privately owned hotel course. The goal is simple: play some golf well enough to get my caddie naked.
As the sun makes its first appearance, we find ourselves on the first golf cart of the day. Bonnie will drive while I play. She's not a golfer, but loves to caddie and drive the cart.
"Okay, so I get to predict how well you'll play a hole?" She asks as we approach the first tee.
"Yes. If I beat it, I get to take an item of clothing off you. If you guess my score correctly, you don't lose an item, and if I go over your prediction, even by just one shot, you get one piece of clothing back." I explain. Bonnie is determing MY par for each hole.
"Nice. This first hole is a par 4, 389 yards. I think you'll score a 6."
"That's a safe bet. It's reachable, at least for me."
Trying hard not to count my chickens too soon, I take a quick look at Bonnie. She is wearing a visor which hold her sunglasses. Her hair is pulled back, and held in place by a hair band. She is wearing earrings from her favorite designer. Under her light sweater which is currently helping her fend off the cool early morning air, I can see a collared pink golf shirt on top of a bra. Bonnie is also wearing a short skirt which shows off a lot of leg as she sits in the driver's seat. My best guess is she wearing a favorite thong under the skirt. Bravely, she did not wear sweat pants, and her feet are kept warm by socks inside her shoes. Aside from a watch on her wrist, I don't see much else to take off her body.
With 18 holes to get approximately 15 pieces of clothing or jewelry off her, I have my work cut out. My first tee shot doesn't bode well for my chances as I slice it. We discover my ball in a very playable position, and I'm able to hit it effectively enough to get to a nice approach. But, I top the approach shot and it bounces harmlessly to the front edge of the green. Surveying the green, I see it's quite wet. So, I decide to putt from the fringe and leave it just short of the pin. Sinking the putt for the 5, I giddily walk back to Bonnie.
"Let's start with the right earring."
"Interesting. Here you go." Bonnie hands me the earring.
"By the way, if I get a hole-in-one, you have to completely strip and go get the ball."
"Ha! Nice one. Next hole is Par 5, 515 yards. I think you'll shoot an 8." Bonnie smiles at me.
"8! You may as well take off that bra now." I reply as Bonnie drives us over to the tee box.
"Well crap!" Bonnie exclaims as I smash the ball off the tee and straight down the fairway.
I chose this playing time carefully so there wouldn't be too many players in sight. As the grass, still wet from the morning dew, catches and holds my ball, I realize this hole is playing much longer that its 515 yards. At least it is until I reach the green with my third shot. My approach shot hits perfectly, then rolls imperfectly right past the green and down the side of the hill surrounding it. This course is known for its greens which drain very efficiently so now I have to watch my ballspeed. No matter, I'm happy to card a 7 and watch Bonnie dutifully remove her bra from under her shirt.
Bonnie guesses the next few holes perfectly, and loses nothing. I have to scramble on the fifth just to avoid having her put anything back on. As we get to 6, I feel I have a chance to finally get some skin exposed here and on the seventh. Keeping my mouth shut, I try to look dejected as Bonnie predicts a 6 on 6. It's
a short par 4 either she was hoping for a 5, or doesn't think I can get it. This is actually one of my favorite holes on the course, and I earn an honest par.
"Lose the sweatshirt."
Bonnie obliges me, and her nipples clearly show through her shirt. As I tee up on 7, the sun shines from behind her and the silhouette of her tits is magical. I have to look away for a moment to concentrate on this par 3. It's a short shot, and Bonnie predicts a 3. After I loft the ball high, we follow the trajectory toward the pin. Never before have I hit such a sweet shot. The grass catches the ball perfectly, allows one bounce, and holds it just feet from the pin.
"Damn, Zoo. That was really nice."
"Looks like I have a decision to make." I say, looking at Bonnie.
Instead of staying in the cart this time, Bonnie gets out and walks to the flagstick. As I line up my short putt, she lifts her shirt.
"Damn, Bonnie. Those are really nice." I say, stopping to admire her tits.
"Enjoy."
As I tap the ball to start its journey to the bottom of the cup, Bonnie lifts up the flag. As the trail looks true, she drops the stick and removes her shirt in one smooth movement. Now topless, she picks the ball out of the cup and tosses it to me.
"Nice shot." Bonnie tells me as she replaces the flagstick.
"I was inspired." Looking around, we are still alone. The sound of mowers in the distance indicate we are behind them as they move from hole to hole.
"Looks like I underestimated your skills. Let's see what's up with 8."
In the cart, Bonnie drives us slowly over to the number 8 tee box. As I grab my club of choice, a hybrid 3 for this par 4, she sits still without even trying to cover up her breasts. Standing outside the cart to her left, I'm able to caress her tits as she sums up the possible score.
"I'll have to predict a 5. You seem to be on a roll."
While driver would have been perfectly acceptable here, I love this hybrid club and it rewards me with a nice, long drive to within thirty yards of the green. Bonnie drives me up the middle of the fairway and drops me off at the ball. With my wedge and putter in hand, I wonder what she's thinking as she drives back to the cart path and parks where I can see her sitting in full sunlight. My approach is easy to navigate, and I land the ball right at the front of the green and watch it roll on top of the freshly manicured grass.
I will never forget this hole as I putt for a birdie. I stop to admire the line of the putt after the ball hits the bottom of the cup. I'm also very much frozen by the sight of Bonnie dropping her skirt to the ground and calmly walking out to the hole to retrieve my ball. Walking back to the cart, Bonnie calmly tosses the ball a few times, catching it each time. In just a thong, she appears completely naked with the exception of a string around her waist.
Suddenly, Bonnie jumps into the cart and bends over in her seat. The reason is quickly apparent as a couple of guys on mowers come around the path leading to
9. I catch up to her quickly and stand close to her to try to shield her from their view.
"Hey." I hear from behind me.
"Morning." I reply, turning only my head to look at them.
"We've had a water line break on the back nine. You'll want to stop here." The guy on the closest mower explains.
"Well darn."
"Yep. You can go get a full refund, or come back later for a full round. Just bring your receipt to the office."
"Thanks, guys." Bonnie says, almost yelling, while bending her body to look around me.
My guess is they probably saw at least her tits, but both mowers sped off to the clubhouse with no further conversation. Water on the course is undoubtedly more important than a naked woman.
"Where are you going?" I ask Bonnie after getting back in the cart. She drives us toward the 9 tee.
"Well, number one, no one will be behind us. Two, those maintenance guys will be gone for a few minutes. And three, I'm still wearing something."
"And?"
"You have one more tee shot. Hit it down the middle of the fairway, and I take off this thong. If you land your ball in anything other than the short grass of the fairway, I'm putting my clothes back on."
"All of them?"
"Yep. And one more thing."
"What's that?" I ask as I select a 9 iron.
"You have to use driver, cannot take a practice swing, and the ball has to travel at least 250 yards. I'll use the rangefinder to measure it."
"Damn." I say to my mostly naked wife as I drop the 9 iron back in the bag and grab the driver.
Leaving her at the cart, I walk up the short embankment to the tee box. As she watches me tee the ball up, I'm left with the knowledge the driver can be
the most fickle of clubs. Even a ball strike just off center a little can send it into the rough, or worse. And as I size up the fairway in front of me, I realize Bonnie chose the narrowest of holes on the course. According to the course map, the fairway doesn't widen for at least 300 yards from my tee. Like most courses, this is a signature par 5 with no room for error off the tee. After visualizing my shot, I line up my club and take one last look at Bonnie. In just shoes, and holding the rangefinder, she is completely naked save for the last little piece of underwear I'm trying to get off her body.
"Welp, that was a mistake." I tell her.
"Oh?"
I reset my visualize of the shot by closing my eyes, and then open them without looking up at her. Barely a second after placing the head of the club at the
ball, I arc my entire body in a movement to use the laws of physics. Bearing down on the ball with as much speed as my arms will produce, I make contact with the
cover and follow through. As my knees twist, I keep my head up and eyes on the ball as it leaves the tee box. Not even bothering to watch it land, I walk
back to the cart.
Bonnie passes me on the embankment and makes her way up to the tee I left. As I watch from the back of the cart, the shines from behind Bonnie while she holds
up the rangefinder to her right eye. Not taking my eyes off her body, I drop the driver into the bag and await the verdict. Bonnie turns, and shakes her head.
As her thong hits the ground, I raise my hands in victory. Bonnie gives me one last gift by posing on the tee box, then walks back down to the cart. After getting
back into our seats, Bonnie whips the cart around and heads back to 8. I see her thong remains behind on the ground next to my tee. What a glorious sight.
Back at the 8, Bonnie steers us on the path to a nearby set of restrooms. From there, it's a short distance to the parking lot. Feeling safer on the path surrounded by thick mesquite trees, Bonnie pulls over.
"Thank you for this." She tells me with a kiss.
"No. Thank you." I reply as I run my fingers all over her body.
"What's next on the agenda since our round has been rudely interrupted?"
"Well, I'll take the cart back. You go ahead to the car." I tell Bonnie.
With not a stitch of clothing on her body, Bonnie gets off the cart and begins walking down the path to the car. I turn the cart around and head back to the
8, and turn left there to return to the clubhouse. After I get out and shove her clothes into the top of my bag, I make my way back to the parking lot. It's not that my bag is heavy, I just want to take my time and enjoy the sight of Bonnie no matter what she's doing. She certainly doesn't disappoint.
"About time." She tells me from where she sits on the hood of our car.
"You are about the best looking hood ornament ever." I say as I stand my golf bag next to the car.
"I think you better check the oil." Bonnie says as she spreads her legs for me.
Putting my fingers into her, I move around her soft insides and kiss her the even softer lips surrounding her mouth. I can feel her hard nipples against my thin golf shirt and the certain sensation of my cock hardening follows quickly.
"Was this on the agenda?" Bonnie asks between kisses.
"Most definitely."
Suddenly aware of the presence of other golfers both leaving and arriving on the other side of the parking lot, I open the car for Bonnie and place my bag of
clubs in the trunk. Before closing it, I pull her clothes out of the top of my bag and bring them to her. Bonnie has not even tried to get into the car, rather she calmly puts on her sweatshirt and throws the rest of the clothes in the back seat. Without looking behind me, I walk naturally to the driver side doors and get in. As we pull out, I catch sight of a couple of older gentlemen simply staring in our direction. They look frozen in time as they continue to stare at the spot where Bonnie dressed.
"How did that feel?"
"Pretty great. I can't wait to caddy for you again. I'm sure those last two guys will come back often." Bonnie says with a gleam in her eye.
"Did they see your whole body?
"Mostly tits, but I might have thrown my tush out at the last second. That was invigorating, and such a turnon. My nipples are so hard they almost hurt."
"Let's see."
And off comes the sweatshirt. Again. We've been naked outdoors before, and every time Bonnie does so her nipples harden like pencil erasers. I love to pinch
and suck them. Today is no different and I rotate grasping each with two of my fingers as we navigate our way out of the hotel parking lot.
As we drive out past the security gate, Bonnie in nothing but a smile, we catch the gaze of the lone guard. He's busy, but not too busy with an incoming guest to do a doubletake. This is our plan today. Have fun, get horny, and make people rub their eyes in disbelief. Bonnie loves to take measured risks, almost to the point of having to run for cover. Except, she never has. The resulting sex has always been amazing, and I bet we could pull off to the side of the road right now to satisfy her urges. The final goal is to edge Bonnie all day long to a massive orgasm. The golf course was a good start.
"I need to keep your buzz going. I have an idea." I tell Bonnie before pulling over so she can drive. In a very quick two-person fire drill, we run around the car and switch spots. Bonnie grabs her lifejacket from the back seat and puts it on before jumping in to drive.
While I packed the lifejackets and paddles, I had planned on going back to the house for the kayaks. We arrive back in our neighborhood after most people have left for work so it's very quiet.
"Back it in the driveway. I'll bring the kayaks out."
"Sounds good."
After I get both kayaks from the backyard, I take a look up and down the street as I place the kayak holder on the roof of the car.
"I'll need your help holding the kayaks in place so I can strap them down."
As I watch the shoes surrounding her feet exit the car, I see that's all she's wearing along with the lifejacket which is completely unfastened. As she bends
to lift one end of the kayak, Bonnie's tits spill out. As she helps raise the kayak, the lifejacket closes to once again conceal her tits, but her deliciously shaved
pussy makes a full appearance. Once we position on top of the car, Bonnie holds it in place while I put the first strap on. Then, we repeat the process for the second kayak. With her arms up, Bonnie leans against the car putting her ass on full display. I hear a car coming down the street, but I can't allow Bonnie to stop holding the kayak so I quickly step behind her and work on the next strap while they drive by.
"Well, that was no fun." Bonnie says.
"Oh? Okay, next time you're on your own." I reply and return to the other side of the car.
Sure enough, another car approaches from the other direction, but I leave Bonnie in place. So, as I kneel inside the car to finish tightening some straps, I not only get a perfect view of a very amazing pussy, I also get to watch the car drive by. Bonnie can't let go of the kayak or it will fall. No one in the car seems to even look at Bonnie as they drive by. I get out to finish the last straps.
"Well, that was a letdown."
"I certainly enjoyed watching from inside the car." I tell her.
"I bet. Hey, there's another car coming."
Sure enough, a car comes from the same direction as the last one, and I have just enough time to lower the window where Bonnie stands and get back into the
car. As she stands under the weight of the kayak, I reach through the window and pull open the lifejacket. Bonnie moves her body forward, and I take advantage
by sucking on a nipple. I'm also able to reach her pussy, and finger her immediately. Again, the car drives by.
"I don't think people have any idea what they're missing." I tell Bonnie.
"Don't....stop." Bonnie moans.
"Oh no you don't." I reply with a quick flick of my fingers on her pussy, then I stop.
After double-checking all the straps and loading up some other equipment for later, we are ready to go.
"I think you'll have to at least wear a swimsuit when we're putting the kayaks in the water."
"I agree." Bonnie replies and shucks her lifejacket.
Right there in our driveway, my naked wife puts her suit on. At least she does this quickly enough so as to not bring any unwanted attention to us. Now that we're ready to hit the lake, it's time for some breakfast. After much back and forth, we agree to make three stops: one for our favorite food, and one just for drinks. Lucky for me, they all have drive-thru lanes. Bonnie continues to drive, and we head to her favorite place first.
After ordering, we settle in line behind a couple of cars and wait to move forward. While we do so, I reach over and untie the bottom string on Bonnie's bikini top. When she lifts her arms, the strings fall to her side, and the material hangs down just enough to cover her tits. I also untie the top string but leave it behind her back.The effect goes just as I hope. As Bonnie reaches for her order, the top strings fall over her shoulders and the weight of the top causes them to fall off both breasts. Not missing a blink, Bonnie smiles and drives off with her tits uncovered.
When we stop for my choice of food, I tie the top back on Bonnie, only very loosely. The effect is similar in that her tits pop out as she reaches for my order and we head down the street for our drinks and a bag of their famous crushed ice. There, Bonnie goes all out. Literally.
After we park and place our order at the car side menu, Bonnie gets out and opens the hatch at the back of our SUV. After rummaging through her bag, her tits
exposed by her bikini top most of the time, Bonnie sits in the back with her legs hanging out. First, off comes the top and then she puts another on. Then, off
come the bottoms. Bonnie then pops out the back and slips her new suit bottom on. It's barely a few seconds and she's quickly standing there in a new suit.
At the lake, Bonnie keeps her suit on as we get the kayaks ready. In the front of each kayak, there is a little bit of storage perfect for ice and some drinks. In just our suits and lifejackets, we head out to the middle of the lake. Bonne quickly removes her bikini top and places it in the ice storage bin. When we reach
the middle of the lake, she stops and unties her bottoms and slides around enough to get them off and also into the ice. Seeing an empty cove nearby, we
paddle over to hang out there for a little while. Bonnie gets off the kayak and floats around in the water. While I maintain a hold on her kayak, she floats
on her back and opens the lifejacket. Now fully exposed to only me, Bonnie closes her eyes.
"I would love for a boat to come by right now." She tells me.
"I wouldn't even notice if they did. I can't take my eyes off you." I reply.
"Okay, any chance you notice someone in their house checking me out? Don't look up." Bonnie smiles at me.
"Is there?"
"Oh, yes. I'm just gonna spread my legs and have some fun." Bonnie doesn't take her eyes off mine.
Making like a snow angel on the water, Bonnie spreads her legs and arms out. She moves slowly to maintain her bouyancy and I can see the water move around
her tits and pussy. Rather than jump in with her, I splash water on my head and over my nicely hardening cock.
"Can you turn over?" I ask.
"I was just about to try."
Finishing off the display of her body, Bonnie flips over in her lifejacket. With her cheeks just barely above the waterline, I splash her ass using my paddle to spray water. As Bonnie goes for the spread eagle look one more time, I move our kayaks around. Bonnie flips over again and refastens her lifejacket so she can get into the kayak. As I steady her, Bonnie pulls herself on top and into the seat of the kayak. With her knees up and feet inside the kayak, I'm able to get a full view of her especially when she opens her lifejacket again.
Before we leave the cove, Bonnie takes a few strokes with her paddle so she is once again facing her voyeur.
"Just want to give them something to remember." She tells me.
"No doubt their million dollar view just paid for itself."
"No doubt. Let's move on." Bonnie says with a splash of water from the end of her paddle.
"So how about some saltwater?" I ask.
"Huh? The beach? It's over an hour from here." Bonnie looks at me quizzically.
"Oh, don't think of the beach; think of the journey."
"Oh. Oh? Oh!!!" Bonnie smiles as she recognizes my little plan.
We have this running bet when we travel to the beach. Bonnie is basically gambling on the amount of big trucks we'll pass on the way to the beach, and I
always win because she is naked almost the entire way. The goal for her is to get at least ten trucks to honk their airhorns at her. If she does so, then she calls the shots. If not, then she still calls the shots. Like I said, it's a win-win. And since I have no intention of losing, the extra equipment I packed included a tent and beach camping gear.
"What made you think of the beach?" Bonnie asks as we load up the car.
"I felt like we could hit all of your favorite spots in one day."
"You mean 'your favorite' spots, don't you?" Comes the reply.
"Well, it is National Nude Day, so I figured I'd go all out since it's a Wednesday. This all came about because of a little 'ol water leak on the golf course." I explain.
"Alright, I'll buy it. So, is ten still the magic number?" Bonnie says as she slides into the passenger seat.
"Of course. I have everything for beach camping on North Padre. Will that work?"
"I think so. I plan on winning so I hope you packed appropriate clothing." Bonnie tells me.
"Since it's Wednesday, I only packed my speedo. I didn't anticipate wearing anything once we arrive." I like the idea of hanging out naked, too.
"Good thing. Not much fun if I can't get you naked with me." Bonnie smiles as we leave the lakeside parking lot.
In just over an hour, we'll cross the bridge onto Mustang Island, then take a right to North Padre Island. It's an undeveloped barrier island with some of the most amazing camping in Texas. Over the years, we've discovered the tricks the locals use since Texas Parks and Wildlife don't want the islands run over by people. It's a delicate balance, and we've learned how to properly camp. First things first, we have to get there.
As we head to the lone road on that island, we have a highway to navigate first. In all honesty, it's a bit of a setup. This is one of the busiest stretches of interstate in Texas, especially for the oil and gas industry in Corpus Christi. Lucky for us, these trucks head to Corpus then turn North, while we'll head South. Without a mile to spare, Bonnie completely strips down and rubs in some sunscreen as she will be in the sun most of the trip.
Bonnie scores with four trucks very quickly, then pulls a quick one.
"Hey, pull over as soon as possible." She directs.
"What's up?" I ask.
"Oh, nothing. I just need to stretch my legs."
As soon as I'm ahead of traffic, I ease over to the shoulder and park. Bonnie quickly jumps out and stands by the back passenger door. As I watch the oncoming traffic in my side view mirror, I can see the trucks we recently passed come up in the distance. Bonnie's naked body fills my rearview mirror as she moves to the back of the car. As the trucks approach, she begins waving and I realize her score is about to double. Sure enough, all the trucks pass by and honk at her and then she jumps back in the car.
"That should be illegal." I tell her.
"Well, it technically is in the real world, but not according to our game." Bonnie smiles from her passenger seat.
"Alright, well you have two left. I think you should do something really uncomfortable for both." I tell Bonnie a new parameter.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Bonnie turns in her seat with her back to me, spreads her legs with one on the dash, and the other out the window. With her pussy
spread wide open for the next truck, she simply lays back to enjoy the wind coming in through the window. I can feel her relax as I put my right arm over
her shoulder and begin rubbing each breast, one at a time.
Preparing to pass a truck, I remove my hand from her and enjoy the sight of Bonnie spread out for her penultimate score. Sure enough, a very happy driver gives us a loud honk as we slowly pass. Bonnie doesn't move as I move the car back to the right lane. Reaching between her legs, I discover she is soaking wet. As I lick her juices off my fingers, Bonnie turns over and points her ass to the window. Truck number ten is about to get a very tasty show of her ass and pussy, and she rewards us with an even longer honk. It's not often we see women drivers, and this one seems happy to see Bonnie so I slow down.
Bonnie turns over and opens herself for the driver. As our vehicles move in unison, I begin rubbing her tits again and Bonnie reaches down to work on her
pussy. In the corner of my eye, I can see her arm lifting up and down as she plunges her fingers in and out of her wide open cunt. Maintaining our speed, I
decide to let Bonnie go all out. I'm reminded of several mutual masturbation sessions at South Padre, but Bonnie has never done this for a truck driver. Needing to focus on the road, I let go of her tits, and Bonnie begins squeezing her own nipples with her left hand. As much as we've done already today, I'm
surprised she has lasted this long.
"May I....."
"Go for it...." I interrupt knowing her request.
Bonnie returns the favor, interrupting me to explode all over her seat. As she furiously continues to rub herself, the truck driver honks again and I accelerate.
As the truck fades in the distance behind me, I realize we are now going well over 80 miles per hour. As I ease off the pedal, Bonnie likewise eases off her
pussy and moans as another orgasm surges through her body.
"Stop if you can. We still have 30 minutes to get to the beach."
"Yeah, right!" Comes the exclamation from Bonnie.
"Welp. That's ten. What do I have to do?" I ask.
"Speedo, or bust. Preferably bust." Bonnie smiles as she relaxes.
"Bust it is."
Once over the bridge, the drive south isn't long, but the anticipation makes it seem so. I will soon undress at our campsite and join Bonnie for some naked fun on the beach and around our tent. The weekend crowds begin arriving tomorrow, so we should have privacy. Not that we would mind.
Surprisingly, however, we encounter quite a few campers after accessing the beach trail. After driving about a half mile and finding no private spot, Bonnie proposes a plan.
"Hey, let's turn around and go back. I just thought of something."
"We only have a few more hours of sun. I hope this won't take long." I tell Bonnie as I reverse course.
"Well, right up ahead, there's a cut through in the dunes which should lead us to the laguna side. That should give us maximum sunshine time, then we can decide where to put the tent for the night."
Sure enough, the laguna side with its much quieter water, is also basically deserted. We find a small patch of sand just off the path, and park. A quick survey of a nearby dune shows us able to walk to the gulf side. I can see my naked Bonnie walking right over this dune, straight into the water, undoubtedly to the surprise of whomever she chooses to see her.
After sending a quick text message, I make my way back to Bonnie and we set up a couple of chairs and grab drinks from our cooler.
"Pay up, Zoo." Bonnie tells me.
As we now sit next to each other, both naked, the sun begins its descent. It's time to get Bonnie ready.
"Well, I have an interesting plan for you as we finish off the day."
"Oh?"
"Yes. Louis and I were talking the other day, and it turns out we have both each other's wives topless in our respective backyards. However, Dianne would be mortified to find out I saw her."
"So what?" Bonnie looks at me.
"Well, Louis really wants her to loosen up and expose herself and was thinking we could help here on National Nude Day."
"Well, we are here. Where are they?"
"I should receive a text in a few minutes that they've set up camp on the gulf side opposite us. I was thinking you could just walk over there, take a dip in the waves, then walk back."
"Hilarious." Bonnie stares at me in disbelief.
"What? You've been naked all day long. Think of this as a way to gain a partner in crime."
"So, I'm just supposed to walk over there, go swimming, and walk back?"
"That's my plan. Do you have any other ideas?" I ask.
"What if I only notice them upon leaving the water and go talk to them?" Bonnie seems to be warming up to this crazy idea.
"I think Louis would go nuts, but whatever you decide to do is fine by me."
As if on cue, my phone buzzes.
"They're here. I can either go all the way into the water with you, or I'll stop at the dunes, point out where Louis and Dianne are, then watch as you do your magic."
"Go ahead and stay in the dunes and watch. I'll need you to put a chair or something in the dunes so I'll know where to walk back. I don't want to become disoriented and wander around too much."
"That would let me come to your rescue, like a knight in a shining speedo." I tell her.
"Hilarious. Well, I'll do it. Be warned though, you better be ready to either seriously fuck all night long, or pack up quickly and make a grand escape."
"I can do that." I smile at the thought of Bonnie over there.
"Then, let's do this. You better text Louis and let him know your little plan is coming to fruition." Bonnie stands and walks away.
"Will do."
"And by the way, did you offer him a money back guarantee?"
"No need. By the way, they are the ones putting up their tent right now." I tell Bonnie as we crest the top of the dune.
I stop to set up a chair and watch Bonnie stride toward the group of what appears to be about ten tents, including the one being assembled by Louis. Since there are no cars driving up and down the beach path, Bonnie maintains a steady pace through the soft sand, and begins briskly moving to the water on the hard sand closer to the tents along the gulf.
As the sun sets behind me, Bonnie is covered in its last remaining rays which have travelled eight and a half minutes to this very spot and point in time. For our neighbors, and some unsuspecting campers, this point in time is about to become very special.
From my vantage point, I can only see the naked body of my wife to the point where the tents begin. After that, I can only guess what is about to transpire. While I'm tempted to wander to the tents, I decide to stay in place. This will make it all the more exciting for Bonnie.
Louis is definitely excited. He comes around to the back of the tent, salutes me, then runs back to the gulf side of the tent. Having likely just seen Bonnie walk to the water, now he has to work on Dianne. With any luck, Bonnie will help.
Turns out luck has nothing to do with it. Within just a couple of minutes, Bonnie comes walking back, clearly just out of the water, and Dianna is right next to her. As my naked wife walks in step with our neighbor, I can see Louis getting to work on their tent.
"You better go help him. We don't want him to forget anything." Dianne says with a smile.
As Bonnie grabs the chair from me, I head straight to Louis. Within minutes, he's moving their car over to our spot. I walk over and we begin the assembly of the tent. Bonnie and Dianne join to help.
"Okay, while you guys get the tents up, Dianne and I want to give you something to think about. Actually, Dianne does." Bonnie tells us.
As we turn our attention from my naked wife to Dianne, she walks up to Louis and begins pulling her swimsuit off. Her tits look even more delicious here up close. As her freshly shaved pussy appears when the suit bottom drops off, Louis and I get back to work on his tent. Bonnie and Dianne walk a few feet away to sit down and begin talking.
The sun quickly sets and our small fire illuminates our campsite. With our wives having been naked together for the past hour or so, Louis and I have the best time cooking a small meal.
As we retire to our respective tents, Bonnie and I quickly become one. As we roll around our tent, we hear the occasional sounds from the other tent. No matter how long the previous day was, I always wake to the first morning rays of the sun.
I wake up Bonnie and we leave the tent, both naked, and run past the other tents to the cool gulf waters. Louis and Dianne join us soon after we jump in, and we begin to recall the events of yesterday.
"So, what did the people say to you last night?" I ask Bonnie.
"Oh. Nothing. One lady asked me why I was naked, and I told her about National Nude Day, and I guess word spread from there. The men didn't say anything."
"So, Zoo, you've seen me sunbathing topless in our backyard?" Dianne asks.
"That's top secret information, but yes!" I exclaim.
"Guess I don't have any need for clothes in the backyard now." She replies.
"We'll have the best backyards in the neighborhood." Louis tell us.
It appears our voices may awakened some of the people in the tents nearest us. A couple emerges, and walks toward us. Since we are up to our shoulders in the water, they probably have no idea we are naked. As they dip their toes in the water, I have an idea.
"Good morning. We're enjoying a Post-National Nude Day celebration. Won't you join us?"
"Does that mean...." The guy asks us, then looks at his girl.
"Yep. Not a swimsuit, or anything else on us." Louis tells him.
They look at each other, then walk back to their tent where they strip and toss their clothes into it. When they turn to come back, all of us resume talking and look forward to enjoying the company of another couple.
Soon, however, just about everyone in the tents joins us. This is beyond anything Louis and I ever imagined. As the sun rises quickly, the entire group takes part in cooking up a group breakfast. It's a buffet of tasty food, and glorious naked bodies and unfortunately, Bonnie and I have to get back home.
After a few goodbyes, and making plans to enjoy time with Louis and Dianne, we break our campsite, get dressed, and head out.
"Damn. How many days until July 14th?" I ask Bonnie.
"Too many." Bonnie answers. "Why can't everyday be a July 14th?"
"No reason it can't"
"That's all I need to hear." Bonnie responds by pulling her shirt off and getting into the car.
With our neighbors now on board, we'll spend a lot of time naked in our yard. But, as the years roll on, July 14 will always be our favorite.