It's worth noting, this works a bit better as a sequel to "Happy Hour," but I'm hoping that it works on its own as well. Also, remember that we are in Loving Wives, and there is some element of that within. Enjoy!
*****
"Ping," my phone let me know that I had a text message. I also noticed the time and started heading home from work.
My wife, Sarah, had traveled to Denver the day before as part of a large work conference. The morning had been full of presentations and speakers, but I knew the late afternoon and evening would be free. I opened the message to reveal a "selfie" of her with her work friend, Courtney.
My wife had done a fantastic job of keeping herself fit, and her athletic frame was accentuated with her firm D-cups; they may not be what they were when we met, but along with the rest of her fit body they had maintained exceptionally well due to her rigorous diet and exercise routine.
Courtney though... whew. I've had the hots for Courtney since she started working Sarah 10 years prior, and she has matured incredibly well over the years. She was never thin exactly while also never overweight, but ever since her divorce last year, she has worked hard on herself and is strong and toned, and somehow kept her large ass and E cup breasts that can barely be contained in almost any outfit. Her pixie blond hair perfectly outlines her gorgeous pale face, and her dress and makeup are always impeccable.
Today was no exception as the selfie showed - both ladies were wearing business suits, complete with knee-length skirts. Sarah's suit jacket and skirt were grey pinstripe with a red blouse, an attractive look for her pale skin and shoulder-length black hair which was pulled back into a ponytail (to maintain her hair in the wintry weather and resulting need for a hat, I supposed). Courtney had chosen a black outfit with an identical red blouse.
The shot taken from over their heads showed plenty of cleavage from both ladies. They were good friends as well as coworkers, and frequently made a point to coordinate outfits during their trips. As always, they were rooming together during this trip even though the company would have paid for separate rooms.
"Looks like fun!" I replied, and sent a selfie back with the dog on my lap. In hindsight, I suppose I could have gone along on the trip but wanted to focus on work - in theory anyway. Reality looked a lot more like me getting high and watching movies once I got home from work each day, finally enjoying some peace and quiet. "What do you think about a dirty text or 2 later? Miss U," I added. After a couple of minutes of silence, Sarah responded with a smiley face.
My heart rate was definitely up. Sarah was raised to be very proper, and while she was proud of her body and the work she put into it, she had never sent me nude photos or even texts that hinted toward sex. We still got along well as friends, but our sex life was pretty non-existent now for far too long, and so this was a big surprise. I mentally prepared myself for a little sexting, and if I was lucky maybe a naughty pic or two.
The rest of the afternoon was uneventful and I was home, high, and eating a pizza when the next text came in at around 8:00. "Ping," I opened my phone and found a picture of Sarah with her work friends - Kent, Tony, and Courtney - along with two people I didn't recognize, apparently co-owners of some technology startup that her workplace was considering utilizing over the next year or so. They each had a drink in their hand and it was clearly "fun time". Sarah followed with a message indicating that they were having a good time, but it was a pretty full day so they would soon be heading for their hotel room.
It was an hour later before I heard from Sarah again, and this time it almost brought me out of my zoned-out state. "Ping," I checked my phone and Sarah had sent a picture of herself in her room, with her suit jacket off and her blouse unbuttoned to her waist. Another came in directly afterward and the blouse was completely unbuttoned, revealing cleavage that spilled out of a black bra. A third picture followed and this time the blouse could no longer be seen, and Sarah was pulling down on her bra just enough so that I could see the tops of her nipples. I took another hit off of the bong in my living room and managed a "holy shit" before starting in on a minor coughing fit.
It wasn't until I recovered and looked back at the third picture that I noticed the background. Courtney was in the hotel bathroom which was viewable in each picture - fully clothed, but watching Sarah in the main area from behind with a huge mischievous smile.
I wondered if Sarah had noticed that she was being watched, but the thought was interrupted by another text, "Ping," and this time Sarah had lowered the straps of the bra down off her shoulders so that the whole thing looked like it was about to fall off with a slight shrug. Courtney was now walking toward her in the background, only a few feet away.
The next picture showed that Sara had completely removed her bra, revealing her spectacular D-cups, and Courtney had her hands on Sarah's shoulders as though she was giving her a massage. Instead of questioning Courtney's presence, I simply responded with, "wow hun U look amazing. Making me hard, baby."
"Ping," a message came in, "hey, weird question I know but what do you think of Courtney?" I had no idea how to answer a text like that and it felt like a trap, but I also didn't want to wait too long and make it awkward. "U know I think she's always been a great friend... why?" I responded. The phone went silent for a few minutes, and then there was a rapid succession of several pings.
This time, the camera focused on the bathroom and Courtney. The photos revealed Courtney once again in the bathroom facing the mirror, looking oblivious to the phone camera behind her. The second picture showed Courtney bent over the sink and looking back at the camera while by the third, she had removed her jacket and by the fifth she was only wearing her bra on top, her hands tousling her short hair. She was clearly getting into this.
The next pictures almost brought me to my knees: a picture of Courtney bent over with an unzipped skirt, another showing her once again bent over the sink while the skirt dropped below her knees. Courtney looked glorious in her matching black panties and bra, and the next picture showed her skirt crumpled at her feet while she stood with her legs apart looking at herself in the mirror.
By the last picture, Courtney had turned around and was facing the camera with that same devilish grin. Her breasts were even more magnificent than I had pictured in my many fantasies about her, and her large bra was overflowing with her milky white flesh.
"What do you think?" the text came in, and I dared the response, "U are the hottest one in the room but she is really cute! Send more of both!" I figured that worst-case scenario, I had enough for the evening's spank bank, and best case... well...
When the next 15 minutes were silent, I was still hard and had started to relieve myself to the night's photos when my phone rang. "Mmmmm, Jason," Sarah purred on the other end, "I have a confession to make. I like girls. I mean, wow I really like gir... uhhh," she breathed heavily while I remained silent on the other end. "I miss you baby. Courtney is so fucking... mmmm... talented with her... Don't stop!... with her tongue baby. Mmmm, it's just incredible. I want you to experience her. Oh and don't worry baby, I have it us video and I'll send you a couple of screen captures. I think you're going to like this."
Within seconds, several more "pings" hit my phone. The succession of pictures showed Courtney taking her bra and then panties off, and stepping into the shower; more pictures came in, "ping, ping, ping," and Courtney was stepping out of the shower, dripping wet and walking directly toward the camera. The frame of reference lowered as if Sarah had laid down, and then this was verified as Sarah's body came into view from her own POV.
Sarah had already taken the rest of her own clothes off, and was laying down with her legs spread open - I hadn't noticed before she left but she had shaved bare, and that is what awaited Courtney and she continued her approach.
The next pictures showed Courtney moving between Sarah's legs and sliding up to be face-to-face with the camera, and then a series of her heading moving back down. "Ping," in came photos of Andrea licking and sucking each of Sarah's nipples which had now hardened and glistened with saliva, and then more as she trailed her tongue further down Sarah's toned tummy, now looking up and making eye contact with the camera.
I removed my own pants and continued rubbing my cock through my underwear as Courtney's tongue finally reached Sarah's shaved pussy. Initially I could see Courtney's tongue caressing Sarah's clit, and it wasn't long before her mouth had fully enveloped Sarah's mound while she stared into the camera.
I had forgotten that I was even on the phone with Sarah for a second, until I heard her again. "What do you think, baby? Does this make you hot?"
Courtney's voice came on the phone before I could answer, "Jason, your wife is so amazing. She is so beautiful when she comes, it makes me want to make her come over and over again. We were talking and I told her that I wished you were here. I would love to be sucking your cock right now. God I'm so horny. If you were here, I would take your whole cock into my mouth, it would feel so good to have your member sliding in and out on my lips. Send a picture, Jason, I want to see it."
I couldn't believe my ears. I had never heard Courtney talk even remotely like she was now. Not wanting to ruin the moment, I didn't respond and instead practically ripped my underwear off and turned the lights on. After grabbing a few satisfying pictures of my rock hard cock, both in and out of my hand, I sent them off to Sarah's phone. "There you go Courtney. It's all yours if you want it."
"Good god, you're bigger than even Sarah hinted at! Oh I want to fill my mouth up with that great big cock of yours, and then I want to shove it deep inside my pussy. Do you want me to suck your cock? Do you want to fuck my pussy, Jason? I'm so turned on from licking your wife's pussy that it's dripping wet right now."
I finally found the ability to talk again. "Courtney, I would fuck your amazing breasts and slide my cock into your mouth and come, I want you to swallow my hot jizz and see the last few drops run down your mouth and onto your chest. I want to fuck you so bad, I've wanted to fuck you for years. You know that though, don't you. I want to bend you over and fuck you so hard..." I trailed off as I started pumping my cock up and down.
Courtney replied briefly, "you can have all of me, honey, I'm all yours. You can fuck me whenever you want, wherever you want. I'll be your personal slut, but I want your wife, too."
After a minute of intense silence, Sarah's voice came back on. "Baby, can you be patient for a while? I want to show you some more pictures. Don't come yet," and she ended the call before I could say a word.
The next 15 minutes were torture. I took another huge hit off the bong and kept looking at all of the images on my phone, while Courtney's words kept ringing in my ears. What would it be like to have Courtney as my own personal slut, even for a night? It would be a dream, quite literally, come true. Unfortunately, both she and Sarah were hundreds of miles away tonight.
My train of thought was again interrupted by the "ping" of my phone. Another picture came on, and it was Sarah's turn to service Courtney. The first photos showed Sarah full-body on top of Courtney for a deep kiss, both Sarah and Courtney's tongues exploring the others' mouth while hands groped and caressed bodies.
Dutifully, Sarah slid down Courtney's body in a similar fashion. When she reached the center of Courtney's breasts, she squeezed them into her head and disappeared in between - I've done this with Sarah in the past, and I felt like she was doing this just for me. I could barely breathe watching the progression of photos. After working Courtney's nipples hard with her tongue and mouth, she continued down to her waist and then finally, her pussy.
Courtney isn't shaved like Sarah, but instead has a neatly trimmed, blond bush that stops at her clit. I was astounded by how flat Courtney's tummy was, and immediately wanted to pleasure her myself. Sarah's head disappeared again, this time between Courtney's thighs. I flipped from picture to picture while Courtney grabbed Sarah's head and pulled her in, and then grabbed her by the hair and lifter her briefly. In a series of photos, Courtney turned over to her hands and knees, and Sarah pushed her face right back into Courtney's backside.
Sarah leaned over Courtney and licked her along the spine, several shots showing her up and down while her own pussy had to have been rubbing gently against Courtney. She lowered back down, and one still showed Sarah directly in Courtney's ass - I wondered briefly if she had given any time to licking Courtney in that spot she always avoided with me - before her face once again disappeared into Courtney, her ponytail seemingly springing out from Courtney's plump ass. She was holding onto Courtney's thighs while her tongue slipped into her dripping wet pussy.
It was at that moment that I realized the slight change in camera perspective. Subtle at first, but once I noticed it I couldn't NOT see it. Slight left vs. right movements were obvious once I noticed, and the weight of what this meant hit me like a ton of bricks. The phone wasn't on the countertop!
The phone rang again. I hesitated to answer this time, but picked up after a few rings. "Jason," Sarah whispered in a hushed tone, "I have one more confession for you. Remember in the fall, when I was at my parent's house, and you fucked Elsa? Well, I know. I found the video, Jason. I watched it. I've planned this trip ever since then."
I placed the phone on the couch while still on the line, and immediately heard, "ping, ping, ping," over and over and over again. I sat, motionless, for several minutes. I was incredibly curious, but of course had a terrible feeling about what I would see. I had only been with Elsa the one time, and it still rated as the best sex of my life, but I had harbored quite a bit of guilt over it since it happened - it was almost a relief to know the cat was out of the so-called bag. I heard Sarah's voice again, and picked up the receiver.
"Baby, don't be mad when you see these. I'm not mad at you... anymore. I was initially, but if I'm being honest with myself, watching that video turned me on... a lot. I think I like watching you with other women, and that video was the first hint at how much girls turn me on. I've thought about this a lot over the last few months. I want you to be with other women, but... I want to be there, too. I just wanted you to feel the shock first. Put me on speaker, baby. I really think you're going to like this."
I set the phone back down. "Sarah... um, who took those pictures?" I asked hesitantly.
"Oh, you remember my boss, Kent," Sarah responded, "he has been here since we were back from the bar. Oh, and Raj and Vijay from Tech-Mania, you know from the picture? Well don't worry, I think they are gay. Anyway, they all watched Courtney and me while we undressed, and they watched Courtney shower. They watched Courtney lick my pussy and make me climax... so hard. Oh my god, what a turn-on, baby. Kent even held the camera while I went down on Courtney. Jason it was so delicious. I can still taste her pussy, it was so sweet. Knowing we were being watched was surreal, baby." I heard a male voice in the background, and then Sarah chuckled, "Kent agrees. But we're getting ahead of ourselves, aren't we? Have you seen the pictures yet? How about check them out and call me back, k?"
My stomach was more than a little queasy and my head was spinning; I had smoked so much that I couldn't tell if it was just part of the high, or the realization that this was actually happening. Maybe it was my fear of how excited I was at the various prospects of what might have happened. I wasted no more time and clicked on the texts. The first picture was a closer view of Sarah eating out Courtney's backside; then another, ultra-close-up shot of Sarah's tongue stabbing into Courtney's pussy from behind. A few more more showed Sarah's tongue traveling down to the bottom of Courtney's labia and all the way up to her ass crack and lower back, and then down again. For some reason, seeing Sarah's tongue circling Courtney's asshole took me over the edge and I had to stop touching myself to delay my orgasm.
The view then changed again as Kent had apparently given the phone to Raj. I almost came instantly even without any touching when I saw that Kent moved behind Sarah and had his hand on her ass, but he hadn't done anything... yet. The mixture of feelings was overwhelming.
Vijay, one of the tech company guys, had completely disrobed and had a very impressive cock now standing at attention. He moved over to Courtney, who was still on all fours and the next photos showed Courtney gobbling as much of his cock as possible up into her mouth. She backed up, shoving her ass full-on to Sarah's face, then smiled over at the camera before focusing again on Vijay and sliding her lips over his member while pumping the bottom of his shaft.
As I neared the end of the roll of pictures, they showed Kent completely undressed with his uncircumcised and I'd say average member now rock hard in the air. He finally lowered his face down to Sarah's ass which was still raised in the air while she licked Courtney up and down. Sarah's boss now had his face buried in her clean shaven pussy! The last picture was a close-up of a large purple double-ended dildo laid against Sarah's labia.
I couldn't wait to see what was next and immediately called Sarah back. A man speaking broken English in an Indian accent answered, "hold on just a second," and I could make out a, "hey lady, I think it's your husband." I didn't know what to say, but it wasn't long before Sarah said loudly in the background, "hey baby, you're just in time. Raj, let's facetime."
A second later, we hung up and the video call began. Sarah looked into the phone and smiled, "Don't worry baby, I told Kent, well really all of them that they couldn't fuck me. This pussy will always be yours. But, nothing wrong with playing a little, right?"
Raj moved the phone over to get a closer view of Sarah, who had flipped onto her back and spread her legs with her knees in the air; her pussy was even more slick than before due to Kent's saliva. Raj held the phone steady while Kent rubbed the dildo up and down Sarah's pussy lips, slowly but surely slipping further into her as she rubbed her clit with her fingers. "Oh my god this feels amazing - Kent, put it in, put it in deeper. Mmmmm... Kent, it's boss appreciation day, come around here, I want to suck your cock." I thought of objecting, but I figured that after what I had done with Elsa, if Sarah's "revenge" went no further than oral and rubbing I'd live with it. Not to mention, this was the hottest thing I'd ever seen before!
Kent walked around and placed his cock in front of Sarah's face. Obligingly, she grabbed it with her free hand and took it into her mouth. Kent never skipped a beat and continued to slip the dildo deeper and deeper into Sarah's pussy - with Raj's view now between Sarah's legs, I could see a straight-up view of it all, and watched as the dildo slipped in and out of Sarah's pussy while Kent's cock slipped in and out of her mouth. Sarah stared at the camera and it felt like she was looking me in the eyes while she serviced Kent with her mouth and hands.
I could also see Courtney above Sarah's head with this refreshed view, and saw that she had flipped onto her back as well. She was looking into the camera while she resumed sucking Vijay's massive cock, and cupped his balls with one hand while the other continued to pump up and down. I watched this for a moment before hearing Sarah groan in ecstacy.
Sarah's mouth was full of cock, but I could tell from her sounds that she was starting to orgasm. Her moans became louder and higher in pitch, and her hips started gyrating around. She was now practically devouring Kent's cock, and spit it out just a few seconds to tell him, "Kent, fuck me hard with that dildo, fuck me with that dildo. This will always be Jason's pussy but you're my boss, and tonight I want you to act like it! Shove that dildo deep in this fucking pussy, yes just like that!"
Kent was now plunging the dildo deep into Sarah over and over again, his arm working expertly as he rapidly moved the dildo around to service my wife. Her tits were bouncing from the force of the movement, and though she had put Kent's cock back into her mouth, she was not as successful at keeping it in and was focused on jacking him off with one hand while the other continued to rub her own clit.
Suddenly, she spat his cock back out and moaned, "Oh god I'm cumming, I'm, cumming, don't stop Kent, keep fucking me like that, ahh, ahh yes!" Her orgasm felt like it lasted for several minutes, but I was lost in a sea of lust and pleasure of my own.
Sarah's screaming in pleasure became too much for Kent and he grunted, "I'm going to come, Sarah. I'm going to come in your mouth."
"No, not in my mouth, on my tits, on my tits, Jason baby watch this." For a minute, I thought Kent was going to ignore her request, but he did eventually pull out and almost immediately sprayed load after load of hot jizz onto Sarah's neck, upper chest, and tits. It was a glorious sight to watch this near-stranger blow his load all over my wife, and better yet as she rubbed the hot jizz into her breasts, which were now glistening all over with the film of semen rubbed in. "Oh my, Kent, it's been a while I guess," Sarah said with a smile as her own orgasm had subsided. "You'll have to show this to Karen to see if she will service you better." Kent laughed and gave the phone a thumbs-up.
I had temporarily lost focus on Courtney, and saw that she had paused to watch Sarah. "Sarah, that was so hot. You are so sexy, honey, and I'm so fucking horny. I need a dick in me. Vijay, come here. I want you to fuck this pussy."
Sarah made no attempt to clean herself up, and sat up to watch Courtney while remnants of Kent's jizz ran down her stomach. "Courtney, I want to see you get fucked. His cock is so huge, and you are so beautiful. Raj, give me the phone." She took over the video controls and placed herself at Courtney's side, while Vijay placed the tip of his glistening cock at the base of Courtney's pussy.
I could tell that Vijay was already close to orgasm after Courtney's expert servicing, and immediately he drove his moist hard cock into her waiting pussy lips. Her pussy swallowed up his entire cock by the fourth thrust, and soon Vijay was fucking Courtney hard and fast. He slapped her on her voluptuous ass and told her to get on her hands and knees, "Lady, I want to fuck you from behind and watch your beautiful ass." Courtney wasted no time in flipping over, and Vijay immediately resumed his fucking now from behind.
I was fixated on Courtney's tits as they swayed back and forth to the rhythm of Vijay's hard fucking. She looked into the camera and grunted, "oh Jason, I want this to be you - I want your big cock up in my pussy. UH... oh Vijay is so fucking deep, I didn't know a dick could get this deep," then looking over her shoulder to him, "Yeah keep fucking this sweet pussy, yeah that's just what I needed," and back at me, "mmmm, watch out, I'm going to come again... wow that didn't take lo... uhhh. Fuck yes, keep going, keep going, yes!"
Courtney came hard, and Vijay maintained his fast pace throughout. When she could talk again, she slipped Vijay out and flipped back onto her backside. "Vijay, I want you to fuck my tits and come on them. Come for me honey," she ordered as she gave the camera a wink.
Vijay seemed to be waiting for this, and straddled Courtney. Courtney helped by pushing her arms together, creating a perfect valley for Vijay. He pumped his well-lubed shaft between her tits and started, "Yes, I'm coming, here you go, some come for you tits," in broken English as the first few gushes of jizz burst out of his cock and onto Courtney's face before the force of his orgasms subsided. Like Kent, he must have had some saved up because splash after splash of copious amounts of jizz pooled up above Courtney's massive tits and onto her neck and face.
Sarah was worked up again, and after we all watched in silence for a minute, she spoke up. "Courtney, I want you to use this on me," she raised up the double-ended dildo, "I want to come again. I'm still so wet." She handed the dildo to Courtney and went onto her hands and knees facing away.
Courtney stood up, hot sticky jizz dripping down in massive globs down her chest and stomach, and moved in towards Sarah. She bent over and began by slowly licking Sarah from behind, cleaning the liquids from Sarah's last orgasm and fluttering against her vulva. Sarah immediately started writhing against Courtney's movements, as though she had never fully come down from her aroused state with Kent.
The view from the side was once again mesmerizing, capturing the profile view of a bent-over Courtney with her face buried in Sarah's pussy from behind. I watched as Courtney pulled back in order to begin using the dildo. Sarah was so wet that the dildo slid right in, and Courtney expertly moved it up and around while it slid in and out. Sarah, not to be left out, began again playing with her clit while the dildo did it's magic.
Kent came back into view, this time stepping behind Courtney. His cock was as hard as ever, and I couldn't blame him considering the scene he was a part of. Without a word, he slid his member along the length of Courtney's pussy and shortly after, entered her. "Oh wow, Kent, I wasn't expecting that. Yes give me that cock, honey, shove it in me," Courtney purred as Kent began pumping into her from behind.
I spoke for the first time in a while. "Raj, ahem, hey can you move the camera behind Courtney?" He moved over as asked, and focused on Courtney's backside so that I had a good view of her getting fucked while still watching the dildo plunge in and out of Sarah's pussy. A few minutes went by and everyone in the room was silent, including the girls.
Suddenly, Sarah spoke up. "Mmmm, you know Courtney, this doesn't have to be a one-person thing. Why don't you try the other end?" she asked.
Courtney smiled, and responded by turning around. "Sorry Kent, you have to come out," she apologized as she spun around on all fours and started to maneuver the dildo with a free hand. It took a clumsy minute or two as she seemed to be new at this but was eventually able to get the other end of the dildo, with the opposite end still lodged in my wife's pussy, to slide into her own moist shaft.
Meanwhile, Kent walked around and once again faced Sarah. "As my new favorite employee, I need to order you to finish me off again. Taste Courtney's pussy on my cock. Now."
Sarah didn't hesitate at all, and seemed to be completely lost in the moment; she grabbed Kent's cock by the base and shoved it into her hungry mouth. She gave Kent the full treatment again, holding herself up with one hand while pumping his shaft with the other, and bobbing her head up and down. She took his cock out for a moment to look into the camera and tell me how amazing Courtney tastes before gobbling Kent back up.
Raj had finally watched enough as a bystander, and moved over to face Courtney with his own pants down. His cock was, of course, raging hard from watching everything - if Sarah was right, he might have been enjoying the sight of Vijay's cock as much as anything - and he slapped Courtney's face with his member a few times before finally shoving it into her waiting mouth.
Sarah and Courtney found their rhythm after a bit, and soon were grinding back and forth against each other, the large purple dildo almost popping completely out a few times before being completely enveloped by these two beautiful women's pussies. Back and forth they went, the whole group now finding a pulsing timing that found the dildo sliding into Sarah's bare red pussy and then deep into Courtney's hairy wet cunt. The same timing found Raj's cock thrusting into Courtney's mouth and then Kent's cock shoving itself all the way back into my wife's throat.
It was at this time that I finally couldn't contain it any longer. "Sarah, I'm going to come - watch me, baby," I managed before groaning and positioning myself to come on my stomach. As I watched the screen, I saw that the whole group, now including Vijay, was staring intently at me while I pumped my own cock. Vijay remarked, "Oh man, that's a nice cock, I like to suck it some time," which was kind of weird, but I took it in the spirit of the moment and went with it. What was now hours of pent-up ejaculation now came out in string after string of hot jizz that landed on my stomach.
Everyone continued watching for a minute or two as I finished myself off and sat on the couch with my come all over my stomach and chest.
Raj came first while he stared at my own spent cock and jizz. Meanwhile, Courtney knew this would be the last big load of the night and I think she wanted to impress me. She mumbled and groaned while Raj stiffened and spent his load into her mouth. He continued to pump into her while staring into the camera and watching me clean myself up. Courtney never opened her mouth, although the size of the load was way too much for her and semen leaked out of her closed lips and down her neck and chest, mingling with her sweat and Vijay's still-moist load.
Soon, Sarah and Courtney both began wave after wave of another orgasm, and were bucking wildly against each other. They found a different rhythm and now bounced back against each other so that the dildo completely disappeared between them, before emerging again as the girls moved towards the cocks in their mouths. They both started grunting and gurgling moans of pleasure as they tried to get the dildo, and the cocks, as deep into themselves as possible. Sarah began screaming "Yes, yes, yes, fuck yes, just.. like... that," briefly, then I heard both girls' muffled screaming in pleasue as their orgasms reached their peak.
It was clear that Kent wanted to surprise Sarah so that he could come in her mouth, but she felt him stiffening and took him out to begin pumping his shaft with her free hand. Kent came soon after, and spewed a surprisingly large amount of fresh jizz all over Sarah's face, and I felt mixed emotions once again in my post-orgasm-but-still-high mindset. Still, I watched intently as the gobs of semen dripped down her face, onto and past her well-used lips, and down between and over her bare breasts which were glistening with sweat as well as Kent's previous load. She smiled at the camera and licked her lips, taking in a bit of jizz with her tongue.
Spent, Sarah and Courtney were now the only two in the view of the camera and moved close to each other. They placed their arms around one another, faces inches apart, before closing in and finally opening their mouths for a passionate kiss. Hot jizz poured out of Courtney's mouth and into Sarah, and come dribbled down both of their beautiful faces as they explored each others' mouths with their tongues.
Courtney grabbed Sarah's tits and rubbed them until the mixed jizz was fully rubbed in and slick, then Sarah followed suit. After a few more minutes of kissing and caressing each other, they laid down on the bed, finally fully spent.
The men in the room were already mostly dressed, and left without saying another word.
Courtney picked up the phone and seemed to be looking through me via the camera. "Jason, this is just a taste of what I want to give you. You can have me anytime you want - just say the word."
Sarah immediately followed with, "Baby, this was all for you. I hope you loved it and think about us while we're gone. I promise not to touch another man after this week. I'll send you the full videos so that you can remember it, and maybe even get off a few more times. Courtney and I are coming straight home when the trip is over though, so don't exhaust yourself. I love you, baby."
It wasn't until we ended the call that I thought about Sarah's choice of words, "this week" and not "tonight". But, there wasn't much to be done about that now. I had to clean up and finish up some pizza.