First time publishing a story. All characters are 18 or older and entirely fictional.
Short description: It's summer and Jake turned 18 recently . He and his mother are visiting his grandparents. He has no idea that his grandmother has a lot of plans for the two of them...
**************
Jake turned 18 a few weeks ago and graduated from high school. The summer was ahead of him and like every year he was about to spend a few weeks with his grandparents on his father's side.
They lived in a smaller town about an hour drive from where Jake lived with his parents.
Jake's grandma, Angela, was only 55, but most people would probably say she was in her early forties. She still went to the gym regularly and it showed, her big breasts and ass still holding firm.
This year Jake's mother, Lana, was going to stay too. Jake wasn't sure why, none of his parents stayed there before with him. Lana was a school teacher and had a lot of free time during summer, so he figured she just wanted a change of scenery for a few weeks.
They arrived early on Saturday and Jake's dad, Mike, quickly left.
Lana and Jake got comfortable in their rooms and by noon they were all sitting and relaxing by the pool.
Jake's grandparents were pretty well off and had a very nice, big house with a huge backyard and a pool. He didn't mind spending time here one bit.
Angela brought drinks for everyone and they talked for a while about this and that.
"Anyone up for a swim?" Angela asked. "It's such a hot day, I sure could use a refreshing dip in the pool."
She got up and turned to Lana. "Come with me dear, I got some new swimsuits. Some of them might be a bit too small for me so if you like them you're welcome to have them."
They could easily try on the same clothes as Lana was of similar build as Angela, big breasts and wide hips, with a flat stomach. People would probably think they were mother and daughter.
Lana followed Angela into the house without a word. Jake thought his mother was acting a bit strange for the whole trip, like she was nervous or something.
Jake and his grandfather, Hank, remained sitting by the pool and had small talk while sipping on their drinks. It was a beautiful day and Jake planned on jumping into the pool soon too.
Angela and Lana change into swimsuits
After some while Jake heard the voices of his mom and grandma behind him coming back. He turned around and the sight he saw made his head spin. His grandma was wearing a white one piece swimsuit that was revealing most of her huge boobs and barely covered her nipples.
Even more shocking was what his mom was wearing. A tiny red bikini which you would never expect a classy lady like Lana to consider putting on. The upper part was just enough to cover her nipples. You could see the shape of her erect nipples through the thin fabric.
And the lower part was basically just a few pieces of string. Her ass was completely naked with the thin thong disappearing between her soft butt cheeks.
Jake was stunned and had no idea what to say. He was absolutely stunned. He never saw his mom wearing anything remotely this revealing.
"What do you think, Jake? How does your mom look?" His grandma asked with a grin on her face. Jake never before saw her smile devilishly like that.
"What is going on?!" Jake screamed inside his head. "Why is mom just standing there without a word, waiting for me to comment on her obscene look?!"
He just barely muttered "Okay", hoping they would reveal some sort of a weird joke between them and Lana would go get changed into something decent.
Hank spoke suddenly. "Jake, you're 18 now. A real man. We all waited impatiently for you to come of age so you could finally become a part of this beautiful tradition that our family has kept going for generations."
"What the hell is he talking about?!" Jake's mind was racing trying to figure out the logical explanation to this.
"W... what tradition?" Jake muttered.
"You will see. You will have a lot of fun. Don't worry, honey." Angela said and walked to him. She leaned over him and ran fingers through his hair. Her fingernails felt good and he felt his dick twitch in his pants. He had a full view at her huge cleavage and soft skin of her breasts.
And just a couple of feet away standing there was his mom, dressed like she was the biggest slut at a spring break college party.
Angela told Jake to put on his swim trunks and come back to the pool. He went to his room to change and when he came back all three of them, his mom and both of his grandparents were in the pool.
As he came closer he realized his grandmother had pulled the straps of her swimsuit to the side and her big natural double Ds were hanging out. He felt his cock getting hard again and quickly got into the pool to hide it.
"Jake saw my boobs before, haven't you honey?" Angela said, looking him straight into the eyes, expecting his reaction to a sudden question. The pool was quite big so they weren't close to each other.
***Last summer***
He wasn't sure what to say. Last summer while he was staying here he was extremely horny most of the time. He jerked off 2-3 a day. Since he didn't have a laptop or anything here he couldn't watch porn or read sexy stories like he usually did. So his main source of fapping material was taking glances at his grandma while she was by the pool in her revealing swimsuits.
But there was one night in particular that remained engraved in his horny memory. Jake's grandparents were watching TV late that evening and sipping on wine. Hank went to bed at some point but Angela stayed lying on the couch trying to finish watching the movie.
Some time after midnight Jake got up to go to the kitchen for a glass of water and saw his grandma lying on the couch, wearing only her nightie and panties. One of her tits was dangerously close to spilling out of her nightie and Jake noticed that. He figured that Angela had a little bit too much to drink and fell asleep on the couch, so in his horny state of mind he tiptoed closer to her and watched her softly breathing. Her breasts rising and with every breath the nightie was closer to revealing the nipple.
He couldn't control himself anymore and got even closer. As slowly as he could he pulled the thin fabric to the side and one of Angela's breasts was now fully exposed. He was trembling with excitement. He couldn't believe what he just did. His own grandma!
He managed to collect himself from staring into the beautiful nipple and that perfect full, round breast. He already had a whole story in his head in case she woke up. He would say that he wanted to cover her with a blanket. But deciding not to risk it any further he tiptoed back to his room and fapped furiously before quickly cumming, thinking about his sexy grandma.
************
"You thought I was asleep when you took a peek at my boobs last summer. Oh, that was so sexy, Jakey. I was so happy you liked your old grandma so much that you would sneak around the house. And you kept watching me when we were here by the pool. I felt your pervy little eyes on me all the time. It was hard waiting for a whole year until you could join us having fun." Angela said before Jake had time to come up with any kind of response.
"And your mom too." She continued. "Until her boy reaches 18, the mother can't join the tradition either. Same goes for the father. Until your sister reaches 18 your dad will unfortunately have to wait to join us.
"Come closer to grandma, honey, let me explain it better." She said.
Jake pushed through the shoulder high water to get closer to his grandma who had her heavy breasts on full display. Jake's eyes were pulled to her big areolas like magnets to metal.
"It's kind of complicated, but let me give you the basics." Angela started explaining.
"When a child is born it is the day that one of the parents starts their 18 years long wait. So in the case it's a boy, a mother is waiting for her son to turn 18. And this is where you and your mother are right now. Right, Lana?" Angela turned to Lana who spoke for the first time since she came out wearing that slutty bikini.
"That's right." Lana responded quietly, looking at the water, too shy to make eye contact with anyone while dressed like that.
"Waiting for what?" Jake thought, but expected his grandma to continue explaining so he kept quiet.
"Look at how shy your poor mommy is.This is just a result of her 18 years long wait with you. She acted like a good girl for 18 long years. Well done, Lana, you did very well. And you gave us such a fine young boy here." Angela said, looking at Lana and then continued.
"I guess the most important, and the most interesting part for you is what does that mean for you. Right Jake?" Angela turned back to him.
"Tell me, who is the woman you love most in the world?" Angela asked Jake.
"Umm... What do you mean?" Jake was a little surprised by the sudden question.
"Well, just tell us the truth. Is there a woman you love more than your mom?" Angela moved slowly through the water towards Lana as Jake watched.
Just as he was about to say something, Angela came face to face with Lana who was still avoiding eye contact, and pulled the strings of her tiny bikini to the side. Both of Lana's big, perfect breasts fell out. Her nipples were just under the water so they were still partly hidden, but Jake felt like he could cum into his pants right then watching his grandma being so dominating with his shy, but incredibly sexy, mom.
Hank was watching it all from the other side of the pool. It all felt so wrong and awkward to Jake, but he couldn't help himself from getting excited. Of course, he was always aware of his mother's big breasts and he often got horny when she would wear something a bit more revealing, but he never thought one day he could see her like this.
"Tell us, Jake, isn't your mom the woman you love the most in the world?" Angela asked again.
Jake was mesmerized by the sight. He was staring right into his mother's and his grandmother's naked tits in the warm summer sun. They were both absolutely perfect. He wanted to bury his face in them and suck on their nipples. But he was also absolutely confused about all of this and felt like he's having one of his wet dreams.
"Yes... She is." he managed to say.
"Good." Angela said. "Of course she is. Every boy should love his mom the most in the world. Until his daughter is born, that is, of course."
Jake had no idea what she meant by any of that.
Angela and Lana get out of the pool
Angela got out of the pool and Lana followed closely behind her. Angela pulled her swimsuit back to its place covering her tits, but the white fabric of the swimsuit was so thin that you could still see everything through it, now that it was all wet.
Lana, however, did not fix her bikini. It seemed like she was only doing what Angela told her and since she didn't get the permission to cover herself up, her breasts were still on full display, swaying and bouncing softly as she walked.
Angela and Lana walked to the deck chairs and Angela took the sunscreen from the table. She showed Lana to lie down on the deck chair and squirted some sunscreen over her breasts.
Jake was still in the pool and watched all of it with fascination. His mom who always acted properly and was a perfect lady was now obeying every word from his grandmother. He was still absolutely bewildered by the situation and couldn't understand why this was happening.
***************
As his eyes were fixated on his mother's breasts and his mind was racing he didn't even notice that his grandfather also got out of the pool and was now walking towards Lana. He walked up to her, leaned down and said something to her in her ear.
Hank was 60 and looked like it. Unlike his wife who kept in shape, Hank had a belly and was mostly bald by now. He still kept his charm and was always in a good mood, ready to crack jokes.
Jake watched as his grandfather sat down next to his mother and started applying sunscreen. First he rubbed it on Lana's belly, but soon he started massaging her big bare breasts.
"Why is mom letting grandpa do this?!" Jake thought, shocked at the sight.
"My grandmother is standing next to my mom in a see through swimsuit and grandfather is groping her breasts. This is surely the most obscene sight ever..."
Jake saw his mom close her eyes, and his grandfather kept on massaging her tits. Now and then he would tease her nipples or give a harder squeeze to one of the soft, heavy breasts.
Angela looked at Jake and smiled at him. His grandmother was still a knockout at 55. His dick twitched in his pants as he looked at her breasts, clearly visible in the sun through the wet, transparent swimsuit.
"Jake, what do you think of all this?" Angela asked suddenly.
Jake had zero idea what to think of it. He understood nothing about the situation.
"I... I don't know." He said.
"Do you want your mom to enjoy herself?" Angela asked.
"Yeah, I suppose..." Jake answered, having no idea what his grandmother was really asking.
"Good. That's what we're doing right now. Your mom needs to get relaxed and should be treated like a princess. After all, she endured the long 18 year long wait, raising you properly to becoming a handsome, strong young man. Don't you agree that she deserves to be rewarded for that?" Angela continued with her questions that seemed mostly rhetorical, but still, she waited for Jake to respond to each one.
"Yes, I agree." Jake said.
"Now, come here, honey." Angela said to Jake.
Jake got out of the pool and walked over to them. Hank was still dutifully massaging Lana's big tits. He was wearing speedos and Jake now noticed that his grandfather had a huge erection.
Angela placed her hand around him and pulled him closer to her, he could feel the wetness of her swimsuit on his skin and the softness of her boobs on his arm. They were both facing Lana and Hank and had a great view of the ongoing boob massage.
"Isn't she beautiful?" Angela said.
Jake stayed quiet this time and just watched, his own erection also very obvious.
"Take the towel and dry yourself off a bit." Angela told him. "Then go inside, to the living room and bring me the little red bag from the coffee table. Don't peek at what's inside, it's a surprise for you and your mom." She gave him a little tap on the butt as he headed for the house.
He soon returned with the little red bag and handed it to Angela.
"You didn't peek?" Angela teased, smiling.
"I didn't." Jake said with a serious tone. It was hard for him to force a smile, the whole situation was so bizarre that he still expected to wake up from this crazy lucid dream.
"Now, Jake, it's time for your first test as a man." Angela said.
"A test?" Jake asked. "Why does she have to be so cryptic about everything? Just tell me what's going on already!" He wanted to say, but managed to remain patient.
Angela pulled the contents of the bag on the table. There was a small black box and a bottle of lube.
"A lube?! What the hell does she need that for?" Jake stared at the small black box, dreading what surprise was in there.
At that moment Hank finally stopped fondling Lana's breasts and stood up.
"Lana, get into position". Hank said. "Just like we said. That's it, on all fours. Yes, just like that." He continued as he helped Lana turn over on the deck chair and get on her knees. She lowered her head down and only her big, firm, round ass was now sticking up, pointing straight towards Jake.
Jake was mesmerized by the sight of the red thong between his mother's ass cheeks and the small patch of clothing barely covering her pussy.
Just an hour before he never saw his mother be anything but perfectly proper and decent all the time, and now she was here almost completely naked, sticking her ass out for him to feast his eyes.
Angela handed the small black box to Jake. "Open it, honey."
Jake slowly opened the box and saw a shiny, round metal object inside.
"Do you know what this is?" Angela asked.
"An... ass plug..." Jake muttered.
"Haha, you sure are well informed." Angela laughed. "That's right. It's a gift for your mom. And a test for you." She said.
"What?..." Jake asked, trying to figure out what that might mean.
"First family test for a young man is his ability to self-control. A man can't be trusted if he can show restraint." Angela said with some sternness in her voice.
"So, Jake, do you have any idea what the test is?" Angela asked as she got close to Lana's deck chair and slowly caressed the beautiful round butt.
"I... don't..." Jake barely managed to say. He had the biggest lump in his throat.
"It's simple. You need to give this gift to your mother without cumming into your pants." Angela said and squeezed Lana's ass.
Jake just stood there frozen. "She wants me to do what?..." He thought, his dick throbbing in his swim trunks at the thought of even touching his mother while she was in this position.
"Was I not clear enough, honey?" Jake's grandma gave him that devilish smile again.
"Let me make it clearer. Take that little but plug, spread your mom's ass cheeks and stick it inside. She needs it." She said and Jake almost came in his pants. His grandmother talking like that was the sexiest thing he ever heard in his life.
"Don't forget the lube, of course." Angela laughed. "Your mom is a proper lady, her ass hasn't been trained yet. You need to be very gentle."
Jake just stood there. "I can't..." He said.
Angela gave Lana's ass a little squeeze and, as if she took that as a signal, Lana turned her head around and looked Jake in the eyes for the first time since she put on that string bikini.
"Please, Jake, put that but plug in my butt." Her face showed shame and lust at the same time. Jake thought he might faint. The rush of blood to his head was almost too much.
He took the but plug and the lube from the table and got closer to Lana's ass.
"Now it's all up to you." Angela said as she and Hank stepped back to enjoy the view of mother and son about to cross the line of taboo for the first time. It was a sight to cherish.
Jake sat down on the deck chair next to Lana and he had full access to her ass with both hands.
"Be gentle with me, honey." His mom said softly.
That almost made him cum. She was using her sweetest voice while in this position. Jake was sure no one in the world was ever as horny as he was at that moment.
"She's waiting, Jake. Pull the bikini to the side." Angela said.
He slowly tried to grab the string without even touching the skin, but failed, his fingers were shaking. "I just touched my mom's ass"
He finally managed to calm down enough to control his fingers to grab the string and pull it out from between the ass cheeks and to the side.
Lana's bare pussy and anus were now on full display and Jake felt dizzy again.
"You have to put some lube on it first." Angela instructed.
Jake didn't think he had it in him. Just lightly touching the skin of his mom's ass almost made him jizz in his pants. If he touches her asshole he honestly thought he might faint.
"Please, Jake, put lube on my little asshole." His mother whispered.
At that moment Jake noticed that her pussy was visibly wet.
"She's turned on by this?! Why is mom acting like this!? She was always the most ladylike woman I knew. What got into her!?" He taught, staring at the wet pussy and the beautiful tight asshole in front of him.
"Go on honey, give your mother what she needs." Angela said, smiling lovingly.
"Put some on your finger and spread it gently all over her pretty asshole."
This was all so unbelievable, Jake felt like he was in some sort of trance.
He put a little bit of lube on top of his index finger and looked at his mother's ass.
"Am I really going to do this?! Am I going to touch my mother's asshole?" He just couldn't believe any of this.
"Do it, honey." Angela rushed him.
Jake slowly brought his finger closer to Lana's anus and touched it, spreading the lube over the beautiful wrinkled skin of her anus.
Lana trembled a little and let out a small moan of pleasure and lust. She started moving her ass a little, helping his finger spread the lube.
It was all too much, Jake knew as soon as his finger touched his mother's secret place that it was all over. He knew he was going to fail the test. He watched his mother's ass slowly swaying side to side as his finger was sliding over her asshole and he felt the explosion in his pants building up.
There was nothing he could do to stop it anymore. Angela noticed and watched her grandson as he made a grimace and let out a few quiet groans as he came into his swim trunks. He was still holding his finger on Lana's anus and then slowly moved it away.
He was looking at the floor and felt shame. He didn't know what to say or what they expected of him now. Angela walked over to him and ran her fingers through his hair like before. It felt comforting.
"You failed your test, honey. But don't worry, most do. You basically had no chance to begin with. Your mother is an exceptionally beautiful lady." Angela spoke softly as she caressed her grandson's head.
Jake felt his dick rising again. His mother was still in the same position right in front of him and his grandma's swimsuit hadn't dried fully yet so he could still easily see her nipples through the fabric.
Even though his dick was again almost as hard as it was a minute ago, he had a moment of post nut clarity and decided enough was enough. He wanted answers!
"What test?! What is going on? Why are you all acting like this is normal?!" He raised his voice looking at his grandma, expecting her to answer as it seemed his mother and grandfather followed everything she said.
"First we need to take care of you now that you failed the test." Angela said.
"Go inside and clean yourself up, you made a mess in your trunks. Make it quick, and then come back here."
******Jake's punisment******
He couldn't fight it. His grandmother's tone was not harsh, but it was obvious she was not taking no for an answer on anything. He sheepishly obeyed, went to the washroom and cleaned his dick. When he returned his mother was still in the same position, patiently waiting with her naked ass and pussy in the air.
Jake saw that his grandmother was holding something shiny in her hands, but it wasn't the butt plug. It was a bit larger. She pulled the chair in front of Lana and sat on it, so that Lana could see what she was holding in her hands.
"Come here, honey." Angela said to Jake. "Did you clean your penis?"
"I... yes, I did." He answered.
He walked over to her and stopped just out of reach.
"Closer." Angela said. "And pull down your swim trunks."
"What?!" Jake asked loudly.
"Honey, it will all be clear soon, don't worry. Now, come closer to your grandma and pull down your trunks like I told you." Angela said firmly.
Jake obeyed. Just a few minutes ago he was touching his mother's asshole, so him getting naked was far from the most insane thing that happened today. He stepped closer to Angela and dropped his pants.
"Mmm, what a nice friend you have here." His grandmother purred and gently touched the tip. He had an average length penis, but his grandmother seemed to like it a lot. She was looking at it carefully, judging the shape and thoroughly observing every detail.
In 5 seconds he was fully erect. Lana also lifted her head and looked at her son's dick.
"Don't you think your son has a beautiful penis, Lana?" Angela asked.
"Yes... it's perfect." Lana whispered.
Jake thought he might cum again if his grandmother touched him again. He had no idea what she was going to do.
"Now, let's get to the point, honey." Angela said. "You failed your test and you showed us that you can't be trusted with controlling yourself yet. So you need some self restraint training."
Jake took a better look at what Angela was holding and it looked like something he saw in fetish porn. It was a cock shaped metal cage.
"This is a chastity cock cage." Angela said, showing it to him. "We have to put this on your little friend here so that it helps your self control."
Jake just stared at the shiny metal thing in his grandma's hands.
"I think I got just the right size. It's quite big so it will start tightening around your penis when you start getting fully erect. That way it will stop you from getting too horny and cum in your pants like you did a few minutes ago." Angela said and opened the clasps on the cock shaped metal thing.
Jake watched as his grandmother put the weird contraption over his cock. There was a part that went around his balls to hold it in place and it took all of his concentration not to cum while she fiddled with it and touched his balls in the process.
She clicked the clasp and Jake felt his dick hurting as the cage was tight around his dick.
"Does it hurt, honey?" Angela asked.
"Yes, a little." Jake said as he looked down at his caged dick, shocked that this just happened.
"Good. It should hurt when you're erect like this. That way you will learn to control your penis. A man has to be in control of his body." Angela said and gave him a little tap on the cock cage that was firmly squeezing his dick.
"One more thing." She said as she took a tiny key from the table and placed it inside a small keyhole on the clasp. She turned the key and Jake's cock cage was now perfectly in place. "There we go." His grandmother said. It seemed that she was now the master of his dick's destiny.
Lana was just a meter away from it and had a good view of her son's dick struggling inside it's prison.
"Do you know why we had to do this, Jake?" Angela asked as she watched his cock cage.
"No..." He answered.
"Look at your mother here." Angela said and Jake made eye contact with Lana who was still on all fours on the deck chair.
"Do you think it's fair that she's still waiting for her gift? Do you think it's fair that you climaxed before she got what she asked you for?" Angela asked.
"No..." Jake answered again.
"Is that the way to treat the woman you love the most in the world?" Angela insisted.
"No..." Jake said.
"Now, do you understand why we had to make sure your cock is restrained so that you learn how to treat your mother like a princess?" Angela asked.
"I understand." Jake said.
"Good." Angela said. "Now that your cock is dealt with, you can start concentrating more on what you need to do."
Angela got up from the chair and walked to the chair with towels on them. She placed a couple of towels next to the pool.
"Lana, honey, come here." She said.
Lana finally got up from the deck chair where she was in a doggy style position for the past 15 minutes at least. She made no attempt to fix her bikini that was still pulled to the side. Her boobs were hanging out and her ass was bare. Jake watched his insanely hot mother as she walked over to where his grandmother was standing next to the spread towels.
"Come Lana, stick that pretty butt back up in the air. Jake needs to finish what he started." Angela said. Jake had a pretty good idea what she meant and he saw the butt plug and the lube bottle on the table.
"Jake, you know what needs to be done. Your mother is waiting. Oh, and take that other bag too." Angela said and then got on her hands and knees on the other towel right next to Lana.
They were now both lined up with their asses turned to Jake.
Jake brought everything from the table and walked over to his mom and grandma who were waiting for him.
"Why is grandma positioned like that too now?" He thought and then looked at what was in the other bag.
He pulled out a big black butt plug. Compared to the small metal one that was meant for Lana, this one was at least double its size in width.
Angela turned her head around and saw Jake watching the big butt plug in his hands.
"That one is for me, honey." Angela said. "My ass is well trained, so mine is a bit larger." She laughed a little as she said that and wiggled her butt at Jake.
"Grandma can take something like this in her ass?!" He couldn't believe it. "What kind of sex freaks are my grandparents?!"
"First, make your mother happy already and give her her present." Angela said.
Jake didn't want his grandmother constantly telling him what to do so he decided to act by himself. Listening to his grandmother telling him what to do to his mother made him even hornier than he already was and it really did hurt when his dick would get fully hard, so he wanted to prevent that.
He squirted some lube on Lana's ass crack and slowly spread it over her anus. She moaned softly as his finger caressed the opening of her asshole.
"Give it to me, honey." Lana moaned.
"This is absolutely insane." Jake thought as he took the small butt plug and placed it at the entrance of his mom's anus. He made several small pushes and then Lana slowly leaned into it and it popped right in, a lot easier than Jake expected. Only the small base of the plug was now visible.
"Thank you, honey. Thank you!" Lana kept moaning softly and it seemed like she was enjoying every second of it.
"Does it really feel that good?" Jake thought as he watched his mother's ass slowly moving side to side.
"Good job, Jake!" Angela said and lifted herself up a little to give Lana's ass a firm squeeze. "Look at how happy you made her. Don't you like seeing your mom happy and enjoying herself like this?
"I do." He muttered.
"Now, would you make your grandma happy as well? Please honey, I need it too, just like your mommy." Angela looked him in the eyes as she said this in the sluttiest tone possible.
Jake couldn't believe his grandmother could be this sexy.
He pulled Angela's swimsuit to the side and was now staring at her mature pussy and anus. Despite being 55 Angela's private parts were beautiful and completely hairless. She obviously took great care of every part of her body.
Like he did to his mother, Jake put lube on his grandma's ass and slowly applied it over her asshole. His dick was raging hard in its cock cage and it hurt more and more, but there was nothing he could do to stop his erection. He was doing the unthinkable to his mom and grandmother. How could he not be turned on?
"Good, you're very gentle, honey." Angela said. "Now take this big toy and stuff it in my naughty ass."
He took the butt plug and started rubbing his grandmother's asshole with it. It was a bit pointed at the top so it could slide in easily. He pushed it in a little and listened to Angela moan. "That's it, honey. Give it to me. Fill up my nasty hole."
He started pushing more as Angela pushed her ass back at him, but it was so big that it took some effort for it to slide in. Jake watched in complete amazement how his grandmother's asshole was spreading and taking the big toy inside. She let out a loud gasp as the butt plug finally went completely inside. "Thank you, honey. Oh, thank you for filling up my ass!" Angela moaned.
*****************
Angela and Lana remained on all fours for a little while, letting Jake get a good look at what he just did. It really was a sight to behold. Angela then got up and Lana followed her inside the house.
Jake was left there by the pool, naked, with only the cock cage torturing his dick. He waited a little for his erection to calm down and then walked over to where he dropped his swim trunks and put them back on. His grandfather was sitting there on one of the chairs, calmly sipping on his drink.
"So, how about that?" Hank said, like he was commenting on something barely a little unusual.
Jake looked at his grandfather, hoping he would say something and make a little more sense of all of what happened today.
"Those ladies are quite something, aren't they?" He asked.
"Yeah..." Jake said and sat down on the chair. He felt his cock cage rattle a little under his swim trunks.
"Can you tell me what the hell is going on?" Jake asked his grandfather.
Hank let out a hearty laugh. "I know you're confused. And your grandmother likes the tease so she's not telling you everything right away. How does that chastity cage feel?"
"It's fine as long as I don't get hard." Jake said. He still hoped his grandfather would start explaining the situation so he didn't want to change the subject, even though it felt awkward talking to his grandpa like this. He never talked about anything sexual with his grandparents before. This was all completely new and weird. But somehow both of his grandparents acted completely natural about it.
"They obviously planned all of this in advance. Mom never stayed here before and this year she acted like it was expected of her to stay. What was grandma talking about with the 18 year long wait. And why the hell am I being tested like this. I'm still a virgin, how could I not cum? It was a miracle I lasted as long as I did." Jake couldn't make sense of it.
"Like your grandma said, you are now part of the family tradition. As you turn 18 and become a real man you have to take responsibility for the women of the family. More specifically, you have to take responsibility for their pleasures and make sure they are satisfied. That's why your dick is in the cage now. A man has to learn to have control over his cock otherwise he can't fulfill a woman's needs. And it all starts with your mother. The woman who gave birth to you and raised you to become the man you are today. You have to show her the ultimate love and respect." Hank said.
"None of this makes sense. Who came up with this? This is not normal!" Jake said. He was glad his grandfather was talking about it. He feared that he would avoid the subject and he would have to wait for his grandmother to come back and say something.
"It may not be normal for other families, but ours is special." Hank continued.
"So, what are the rules? What is that about waiting for 18 years? Waiting for what?" Jake asked.
"I'm sorry, you'll have to wait a little bit more to get the full story. But I promise you it's all worth it. Just trust your grandma and do what she tells you. You will have lots of fun, I promise, and you will make your mom a very happy woman." Hank said.
Jake stared at the water in the pool. Images of his mother and grandma in their indecent swimsuits flashing before his eyes.
"Now, go get changed, your grandmother will call you when she and your mother get ready. They plan to go shopping and you will go with them." Hank said.
******Shopping trip******
Jake went to his room and decided to take a shower. He realized that washing his dick is going to be a bit tricky through the cage.
"I guess all of this will be over soon and grandma will unlock this thing. This is ridiculous." He thought as he sprayed the shower through the small cage.
He got dressed and stayed in his room, watching random videos on his phone, trying to get his mind off of the things that happened today.
A while later he heard his grandmother calling from downstairs.
"Jake, come down here please."
He went downstairs and saw his mother standing in the living room. She was wearing a light, short summer dress and flat shoes and had her hair raised into a bun. She looked beautiful, her big breasts and hips nicely highlighted by the slim waist.
Angela appeared from the kitchen. She was wearing a white sleeveless shirt with a very deep cleavage and a long light skirt that swayed when she walked.
"You're here, good." Angela said. "We're going shopping and we need a driver, so you're coming with us."
Jake thought it's time to act normal for a change and it would just be a simple shopping trip. He would soon learn that that was not the case.
Jake's grandparents had a big yard with a very big driveway. Lana and Angela walked to the car and waited for Jake. Jake got to the car and was about to get in when Angela said "Before we go, you need to do an inspection, honey."
Jake waited for her to explain, he had no idea what she was talking about.
Angela and Lana walked to the hood of the car and they both leaned on it. "Come here, honey, and check that everything is still in place." She said and stuck her ass out.
Jake got behind them and watched their nicely shaped asses. "She wants me to take a look at the plugs in their asses, doesn't she?! Is grandma trying to drive me insane?!"
His cock was hard already and it started to hurt in its cage. "Better get this over with quickly." He said to himself and lifted his mother's dress over her ass.
She was wearing a lacy white thong. Jake never thought his mother even had such underwear. Despite her great body she was always acting so decently that it was hard to think she would wear such underwear.
"So? Is everything in order?" Angela asked.
Jake spread his mother's ass cheeks a little and saw the butt plug underneath the thong. He moved the thong to the side a little bit and touched the base of the butt plug with his index finger and then gave it a little push and wiggle. Lana was a little shocked. She expected that her son would need some encouragement from Angela before he does anything. She felt her pussy getting wet. "My son is playing with my asshole, why does it feel so good..."
Jake's dick endured the torture as he adjusted his mother's thong back between her ass cheeks and he lowered her dress back down over her ass. She remained in that same position as Jake moved over behind Angela. It was her turn now for an inspection.
Her light summer skirt was long, reaching her ankles so he crouched down and slowly lifted it up to reveal his grandmother's firm, suntanned legs. Finally he revealed her ass and discovered that she didn't wear any panties. "Grandma is full of surprises." He thought.
He leaned to get a look as he spread her ass cheeks and expected to see the base of the large butt plug sticking out. But all that he saw was his grandmother's anus.
"I'm sorry, honey, I had to take it out while I was getting ready. It's so big, it was too much to handle." Angela said with her sexy voice. "Do you think you could put it back for me now? My ass had enough rest."
"If that's what you want." He remembered what his grandfather told him about pleasuring the women of the family and making sure they got what they needed.
"It's right here in the little bag." Angela said, and Jake took out the big black butt plug and a bottle of lube. He applied lube over it and slowly spread some over his grandmother's asshole.
"Put your finger in just a little bit, please honey." Angela pleaded.
"Oh God! I'm going to cum if I do that, it's too much!" He thought as he watched his index finger sliding over the entrance of his grandmother's asshole.
Slowly he pushed his finger inside. It went in with almost no resistance. His grandmother's ass was obviously used to having things go inside.
"Yes. Yes. Oh yes, honey!" Angela moaned softly.
"I'm holding a finger in my grandmother's ass with my mom right next to us. I think I'll have a stroke."
He pulled his finger out and placed the tip of the butt plug inside and started slowly pushing it in. It went in smoothly and popped in. Angela's asshole was completely filled with the large toy and she let out a couple of loud groans. "That's it Jake, you're learning quickly." She said as she lowered her skirt.
She and Lana got in the backseat of the car. It was his grandfather's new Mercedes and Jake was very nervous driving it for the first time. And as if that wasn't stressful enough he had his mother and grandmother distracting him by acting like this.
He started driving. It was around a 15 minutes drive to the big shopping center where they were heading. Jake knew the way well since his grandparents took him there every summer when he stayed with them and always bought him something nice he wanted.
He stopped at a traffic light and noticed his mother squirming in the back seat. He adjusted the mirror a little to see what was going on and saw that one of his grandmother's hands was on his mom's breasts and she was groping her slowly over the summer dress. Lana was looking out through the window with her eyes half closed and she was breathing heavily.
Jake couldn't help but picture their asses filled with the butt plugs he put in there. His dick was in constant struggle, trying to get fully hard but being restricted by the cock cage.
They parked in an underground garage and got in the shopping center. Jake observed the way Lana and Angela walked. He wondered what it felt like moving with their asses stuffed like that. The toy in Angela's butt was quite big. He had a hard time comprehending how she moved around normally with that thing inside her.
"Hold your mom's hand, show her you love her." Angela said suddenly.
Lana extended her hand towards Jake and he took it. Angela walked first through the shopping center and Lana and Jake followed behind her, holding hands like a couple. He had a feeling everyone would be looking at them, knowing that something weird is going on. But since nobody knew them in this town, except for the few of his grandparent's friends who visited them while he stayed here, he realized that people had no reason to find it too weird. Yes, there was an obvious age difference, but that's nobody's business.
Angela led them into the large clothing store and into the woman's section. Lana walked slowly between the rows of clothes, looking at the dresses, feeling the fabric. All the while she didn't let go of Jake's hand and he walked with her. His dick calmed down a little and he started enjoying the feeling of his mother's hand without the uncomfortable feeling in his pants. He felt her perfume and watched her figure in that light summer dress as she picked the clothes to try on.
They went into the changing room and Angela followed them. Angela and Lana went into the changing booth and left Jake outside to wait for them to change.
A little while later Lana came out wearing a t-shirt that seemed too small for her as her breasts were stretching it to its limits, and denim hot pants.
"What an obscene sight." Jake thought.
"What do you think?" Asked Angela. "I picked this for your mom."
"She's not going to stay dressed like that here, right?" Jake asked, seriously worried that his grandmother is planning to make his mother walk around the shopping center full of people dressed like a southern slut.
"Don't worry, she's just trying it on." Angela laughed. "You didn't say if you liked it or not."
"I do." Jake replied and watched his mothers soft thighs.
Angela made her turn around a couple of times so Jake can get a good look from all angles.
"Beautiful, isn't she?" Angela encouraged him to comment on his mother's looks some more.
"She is." Jake replied briefly.
Lana changed back into her summer dress and they headed for the next store. Angela picked some bras and bikinis for Lana but they only let Jake see a few of them. He was almost glad as his poor penis had more than enough torture and needed a rest from getting erect constantly.
In the next store there was a big selection of sexy lingerie and outfits.
"One of my favorite stores here, they have a lot of nice stuff." Angela said. "Jake, now it's your turn to pick."
Jake looked at her, surprised. "Pick what?"
"Pick something for your mom, of course." Angela said, smiling.
She came behind Lana, put her arms around her waist and then cupped both of her boobs in her hands. "Something nice for these beauties." Angela said and shook Lana's breasts a little.
"Or maybe you're more interested to see her butt in some tight clothes?" She continued and gave Lana a quick spank that made Lana jump a little.
Lana took Jake's hand like she already got completely used to that and they walked through the rows of women's sexy underwear and various lingerie.
Jake had no idea what to pick. Everything looked great, and everything looked way too much for his mother to wear.
He realized they were together out of earshot from his grandmother for the first time since all this craziness started. He didn't know if he should say something or ask his mom how she felt about this. But he got his answer when Lana spoke looking at sexy black stockings.
"Please pick something like these for me, honey." She said quietly.
She was obviously on board with all this, so Jake decided not to comment on anything.
"I will." Jake said and felt Lana squeeze his hand lightly and caress the top of his hand with her thumb.
Jake picked a few very sexy looking stockings and a pair of pantyhose. He always had a fetish for those and loved seeing his mom's sexy legs when she was wearing a pair of thin black pantyhose.
He saw his grandmother approaching them and the store lady was coming with her. It was a young woman, around 25, dressed very nicely, wearing high heels and a pencil skirt. He noticed the woman checking out his mother and him intensely. They were still holding hands and this lady obviously thought they were a strange couple.
"Jake, honey, this nice young lady offered to help you choose something for your fiance." Angela said and smiled devilishly. His grandmother was obviously determined in making his life difficult today, he thought.
"Hi, I'm Kelly. How can I help you?" The store lady said politely.
"Can you please show them the outfits you showed me over there." Angela pointed back to where she and the store lady came.
"Sure, follow me, please." Kelly said.
All four of them followed Kelly into a section with various ladies outfits. It seemed like a fetish section. There were all the classics like a sexy nurse uniform, schoolgirl uniform, Playboy bunny costume, etc.
Kelly tried staying completely professional, but she could help but thinking what a strange group this was. "A grandmother coming along with her grandson and his girlfriend to pick sexy underwear and outfits. And his girlfriend looked at least 10 years older than him." She thought.
Jake looked at the huge offer of insanely sexy costumes and then noticed one that especially caught his eye. It was a nun costume. "Am I really going to pick the naughties one?!" He asked himself. "As if this day can get any crazier, so why not? If my grandmother and my mom can act like crazy sluts I can play along."
He pointed to the nun costume and he felt his mother clench his hand. He wasn't sure what that meant. "Does she like his choice or is she shocked and embarrassed that he picked that outfit in front of the store lady?"
Kelly raised her eyebrows, took a glance at Lana who squirmed a little like she needed to pee. Kelly handed the outfit to Lana. "Here you go. The changing cabins are over there if you want to try it on."
"Can you please come with us?" Angela quickly said not letting Kelly get away. She was visibly getting a little bit uncomfortable and wanted to give this weird group privacy she thought they needed.
"Lana might need some assistance, this outfit seems a bit tricky to put on for the first time." Angela added, knowing that the poor store lady can't say no. The customer is king.
They all went to the changing room and Lana entered one of the cabins. Kelly was hoping she could put on the outfit by herself but soon they heard Lana from the inside saying she's stuck and can't close the zipper. Kelly went inside reluctantly.
"Grandson and grandmother waiting for me to help this woman get dressed like a slut and come out to show it to them?! I've seen all sorts of weirdos coming into the store but these people take the cake." Kelly thought.
"I can tell how weirded out she is." Jake thought. "If only she knew the whole story..."
A few minutes later Kelly and Lana emerged from the cabin. Jake used all his willpower to stop himself from getting erect. The anticipation of seeing his mother wearing such a dirty costume was driving him insane.
Lana was now standing in front of her son and mother in law dressed like some stripper.
"This can't even pass as some sort of a slutty Halloween costume, it's simply too obscene." She thought as the taboo of this whole situation made her tremble.
"What do you think, Jake? How does Lana look?" Angela asked.
"Really nice." Jake replied as he ogled his mother.
Angela walked over to Lana to get a better look. "Yes, I like it too." She said.
"Thank you, Kelly. You were very helpful." She said to the store lady who seemed very relieved that she could get away from this weird group of people and she left the changing room.
When Kelly left them alone Angela stroked Lana's ass, admiring the sexy costume.
"This looks so good on your mother, Jake. I like your taste."
Lana changed back into her dress and Angela paid for the costume.
*****Richard and Monica*****
As they were on their way out of the store someone called Angela's name. It was her brother in law, Hank's brother, Richard. He was 68, but still held very well for his age and still had all of his hair. He played lots of sports in his younger years and was still in good shape.
Alongside him was his granddaughter, Monica. She was a very cute girl with beautiful long, blonde hair. She was wearing skinny fit ripped jeans and a light white t-shirt.
"Hey Richard! So glad we ran into you. Are you two also getting ready for the weekend party?" Angela asked while the two of them were approaching.
"What party?" Jake thought.
"Yeah, we can't wait." Richard said cheerfully.
"So you must be here to get a gift for your granddaughter. Happy birthday, honey. When was it? Yesterday, right?" Angela asked Monica.
Monica just nodded.
Jake knew Monica from when she was a kid, but hasn't seen her for years. They lived across the country so there was rarely an opportunity where they would all get together. He also knew that Monica's dad left when she was little.
"Jake, you remember your cousin Monica, right? She just turned 18, just like you." Angela said.
"Yeah, hi." Jake said and then realized his mother was holding his hand this whole time.
"It's so nice seeing mother and son this close." Richard said, referring to the hand holding. "How are you, Lana? We haven't seen each other for years."
"She's great. We just got her a new costume for the party. Jake picked it, it's absolutely wonderful." Angela said before Lana could answer herself.
"For the party? And these two are coming over?! What the hell is grandma talking about?!" Jake thought as he glanced at Monica.
"That's great! Can't wait to see it myself." Richard said.
They went their own ways after that and Angela led them to the upper most level of the shopping center. There were only a couple of small stores here and a movie theater.
"Jake, wait for us here, honey. Your mom and I just need to go to this store quickly." Angela said and they went in.
It wasn't very obvious from the outside but Jake realized that is was a sex toys shop.
He realized he almost forgot about his cock cage already. Slowly getting used to the perverted setting he was in his dick wasn't getting erect so often.
Around 15 minutes later Angela and Lana emerged from the store. He noticed a new accessory on his mother's neck right away. It was a small black collar that was wrapped around her neck pretty tightly.
The other thing that was almost as obvious was that his mother wasn't wearing a bra anymore and her big titts were now swaying freely in her summer dress. But that wasn't all that was different. He noticed that her nipples were sticking out unusually much.
"We had to get a few things for your mom. What do you think?" Angela asked.
He just stared at his mother's breasts trying to figure it out.
"You don't miss a thing." Angela said, laughing, seeing that Jake was so concentrated on Lana's tits.
"I see you like your mom's nipple clamps. I realized that her nipples were seeking attention the whole day. You could see how hard they were even over her bra. So I decided that we need to do something about that." Angela said.
Jake was mesmerized by the way that looked. It wasn't that obvious if you didn't look straight into her tits, but if you looked for more than 2 seconds you would realize there's something there.
"People will probably think she has huge nipple piercings or something." Jake thought. Coupled with the collar on her neck and the thought of the butt plugs in her ass, looking at his mother like this was enough to make his dick want to explode.
"There's one more thing we got for her." Angela showed Jake the small pink device she was holding in her hand. She pressed one of the buttons and Lana crossed her legs like she needed to pee and her whole body shook a little.
"What is going on?!" Jake thought, watching his mother still squirm a bit.
Lana looked at Angela and the look in her eyes was pure lust. Angela pressed the button again and Lana started trembling again and moaned a little.
"Your mother has a fun little device in her panties. As you can see I can control that device with this little thing here."
"Holy shit!" Jake thought. "How is mom letting all of this happen? Why is she letting grandma have her way with her like this!?"
"I think your mom is very horny, honey. I think she needs some fresh air." Angela said and watched Lana's lustful eyes and the lewd expressions on her face.
*****In the park*****
Outside of the shopping center there was a big park with benches, trees and a small pond. On a nice summer day like this the park was obviously full of people of all kinds.
Angela made Lana walk in front of Jake and herself so that they could enjoy the view of her round ass as it shook a little every time Angela pressed one of the buttons. She wasn't doing it often so Lana never knew when to expect the next vibration in her panties. All she knew was that she was going crazy with horniness and felt that her panties were completely drenched.
Jake was constantly looking around whether the people nearby were noticing anything unusual about his mother. Most people were preoccupied with themselves and people they were with so no one really paid attention to them. For afar you couldn't notice anything unusual about Lana's outfit anyway. She was just a lady in a summer dress taking a walk.
They got close to the pond and Angela suggested they sit down on the bench. The bench was facing the pond and when got to it Angela told Jake to sit down first.
"Jake, honey, would you make your grandma happy and grant her a wish?" Angela said when Jake sat down on the bench.
"Um, sure." Jake wondered what she had in mind now, but he was pretty sure it wasn't going to be something you'd normally expect. He was getting used to expecting the unexpected from his grandmother.
"Let me sit on your lap." Angela said. "I know my ass is a bit big, but you're a strong young man."
Jake definitely didn't expect that and he knew she wasn't really asking for permission. His grandmother somehow had control over him and his mother and he felt like he couldn't say "no" to her anymore. Not that he wanted to say no to this. He was checking out his grandmother's ass constantly for years when they were by the pool. It was still so round and firm, it was hard to believe she was 55.
"Okay." He simply said and waited for the mature ass of his grandmother to lower itself on his lap.
She sat with her legs to the side of him and then leaned on him to give him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "She smells so nice." He thought.
"I can feel your little cock cage." She smiled and wiggled her ass. That made him hard instantly and she knew it.
"Did my ass make your little friend get up?" She asked.
"Yeah." He knew there was no point in lying.
"Does it hurt?" She asked.
"A little."
"Oh, you poor boy, I'm sorry. But it's for your own good, trust me." She said and put her arms around his head and pulled his face into her cleavage.
The feeling of the soft skin of her boobs on his face would be enough to make him cum if it wasn't for the little bit of pain that the cock cage was causing him.
"Lana, honey, what do you think? Do we make a cute couple?" Angela asked Lana who was watching her son and his grandma sitting like they were a teenage couple.
"You do. Very cute." Lana replied.
"Do you see what a good son you have, Lana? Do you see how willing he is to endure the torture of his cock for you?"
"Yes. Jake is such a wonderful boy." Lana said and felt the vibration on her pussy as Angela pressed and held the button.
"Why don't you lie down on the grass." Angela said and pointed in front of where her and Jake were sitting.
The whole park was covered with nicely cut soft green grass. As Lana slowly sat down on the grass Jake could hear the buzzing sound again. It was coming from his mother's panties as his grandmother pressed the buttons on the little device she was holding.
Lana lied down on her back and closed her eyes. Jake saw how she pressed her thighs together whenever the buzzing sound started. The third time the buzzing started Lana began to moan softly.
Even though he was fascinated by the sight of his mother clearly enjoying the sex toy in her panties in a public park in broad daylight, Jake still kept looking at other people in the park. The closest group of people was at least 50 yards away so no one could easily notice that the woman lying in the grass in front of him was squirming with pleasure.
"Look at your beautiful mother, Jake." Angela said and continued holding the largest button. "Look how happy she is."
At that point his mother didn't seem to hear or care about anything around her anymore. She had her eyes closed and she was tilting her head left and right in the grass. She kept rubbing her thighs together. Suddenly, as if she couldn't take it anymore, she grabbed her big tits with both hands and started pulling on the clamps that were still firmly pinching her swollen nipples. There was a small chain linking the clamps and Jake saw as she pulled the chain over her dress and then squirmed even more, enjoying the pain that her nipples were enduring.
Jake felt his cock twitching in its cage and Angela felt it too on her ass. She turned to him and gave him a small kiss on the lips. He looked at his grandmother's pretty mature face for a second, before she grabbed his face with both hands and stuck her tongue into his mouth.
He felt her hand reach under her ass and she grabbed his balls that were free from the cage.
"What is she doing?! I can't take this!" He thought as she stopped kissing him and started to softly speak into his ear while massaging his balls.
"Listen to your mother's horny moans. Does your little friend enjoy this torture?" She whispered in his ear.
"Look at this beautiful woman that gave birth to you squirming here in public like a shameless little slut."
"I can't take this!" He thought as he heard his mother moan more and more as she fondled her breasts and pulled on the nipple clamps.
His grandmother tickled his balls and kept whispering insanely dirty stuff into his ear. He crossed the point of no return. His dick was trying to break out of its cage and it hurt, but there was nothing that could stop him from cumming anymore.
When he heard his mother's moans get really loud he knew she was having a huge orgasm. It sounded like she was trying her hardest not to scream in pleasure as the little device still buzzed in her drenched panties.
He came hard into his pants listening to his mother's moans and while his grandmother was gently caressing his balls and kissing his neck.
"That's my good boy. This is all a part of your practice. You controlled yourself well as long as you could." She said softly into his ear and pressed his head onto her breasts while she stroked his head.
He looked down where his mother laid sprawled on the grass, still slowly fondling one of her breasts over the dress and breathing heavily.
All three of them remained like that for another five minutes while Jake and Angela enjoyed the view of Lana's body worn out by the huge orgasm she just had.
Finally they headed home where Jake couldn't wait to hop into the shower and clean the mess that his mother and grandmother caused in his pants.
*****To be continued*****