[All characters are 18 years or older.]


A Woman Called BJ


A kinky woman shows a stranger how she got her nickname


(This story was inspired by one of my Literotica readers. Thank you, BJ!)


Erotic Fiction


by


Casey Bea


Part-1

BJ was feeling even more frisky than normal when she walked into the hotel bar. There was a convention of some sort going on so she knew there would be plenty of guys there who would be receptive to an out-of-town one-night stand.
She was dressed in a black low-cut, snug-fitting sweater that displayed cleavage nearly down to the dark nipples of her shelf-bra-supported tits. She also wore crisply-pleated white slacks that hugged her ass, such as it was. She considered herself to have a fairly flat ass, but like Katherine Hepburn, the right slacks could still make it work. She wore no underwear beneath them lest it detract from how they tucked into her ass crack.
She walked up to the bar and eventually got the bartender's attention. As she ordered a gin and tonic, she also had the attention of a nice-looking guy in a perfectly fitting, dark-colored business suit. He exuded success and confidence.
He stepped up to the bar next to BJ as her drink appeared, and said to the bartender, "That's on me. And whatever else the lady would like."
"Thank you!" she said to him with a warm smile. "But be careful with your generosity;whatever the lady wantscan encompass a lot of things."
"Well, I'm assuming that you can't order a Lamborghini from the bar, so I'll take my chances," he replied. He extended his hand and added, "I'm Mark, by the way."
As they shook, she said, "My friends call me BJ. It's a pleasure to meet you."
"Your initials, I assume," he said.
"Among other things," she replied with a grin. She enjoyed the pick-up game, but she was feeling far too horny to drag it out for very long. She added, "I discovered that I liked oral sex the day after my eighteenth birthday--giving and getting. After that the moniker took on a different meaning, especially among the boys in my high school."
He laughed, and said, "Well, you get right to the point, don't you?"
"I apologize if I've misinterpreted your intentions," she said. She then asked him, "Do you believe in the hereafter?"
He blinked at the odd question, then answered, "I guess so. I was raised Catholic."
"Then I guess we both know what we're here after, don't we?" she replied.
He laughed, and said, "Oh, I like you!" He clinked his glass against hers, and went on, "So, on a scale of one to ten, how adventurous would you say you are when it comes to sex? How kinky are you?"
"Probably a nine or so," she answered. "No scat; no torture; nothing non-consensual; nobody underage; and no animals."
"Ever done a golden shower?"
"I've tried thatinthe shower, but getting pissed on isn't really my thing," she answered.
"Bondage?" he asked. "Like getting tied to the bed?"
"That can be fun," she said, "as long as nobody gets abusive."
"Multiple partners?" he asked.
"Like an orgy?" she responded. "I've done that."
"I was thinking more like being tied to the bed and being used as a fuck toy," he said without any hint that he was joking.
She looked at him for a long moment, and then said, "Do you have a business card?" as she held out her hand.
He took his wallet from his jacket pocket, slid out a card, and handed it to her. "You think I fibbed about my name?" he asked.
She took her phone from her purse, and snapped a photo of the card and then of his face. Her thumbs then flew over the keypad and she hit the send button. She looked at him, and said, "If somebody digs my body out of a dumpster tomorrow morning, at least they'll know who to look for."
He chuckled, and said, "Ireallylike you! No bullshit at all! But trust me; I'm only into kink if everyone's on board with it. If you say stop, everything ends right there."
She raised her glass and said, "To trust."
He clinked and added, "I would rather trust a woman's intuition than a man's reasoning."
"Deep," she said with a little laugh.
"Stanley Baldwin said that," he replied. "British Prime Minister between the world wars."
"Not just a pretty face," she said. "I think I'm going to like you, too."

***

When they got to his room--actually a top-floor suite--she used the bathroom to freshen up. When she came out, she joked, "That bathroom is bigger than a lot of hotel rooms I've stayed in. You know how to travel."
"When you own the company, nobody really questions your expense account," he replied with a chuckle. He had removed his jacket and tie but still looked handsome as hell, just more relaxed. "Can I fix you a drink?" he asked as he walked to the bar. He had already poured himself a scotch and soda.
"I'll have what you're having--literally," she said with an impish grin. "Take a sip and don't swallow it."
He took a long pull from the glass, and wearing a close-lipped grin, he watched her walk toward him. She sealed her lips against his and they both parted their lips at the same time. He squished the burning liquor into her mouth, she swished it and forced some of it back. She closed her lips, pulled back a few inches, and swallowed. He did the same and then held the glass up to her lips.
She parted them and let him pour the drink into her mouth until she tipped her head back to stop him because it was ready to dribble out. He covered her open mouth with his and they swished and swirled the liquor back and forth while darting their tongues in and out of one another's mouths. When they finally swallowed, their mouths were almost numb from the alcohol bath.
He smiled at her, gave her tingling lips a quick kiss, and said, "I've shared drinks with a lot of women, but never like that! I like your style and your imagination!"
She smiled in return, and said, "Right now, my imagination is wondering about that fuck-toy that you mentioned."
"Getting right to the point once again," he said with a laugh.
"Like I said before, we both know what we're here after," she replied. She looked around the suite and added, "But you also mentioned multiple partners."
He smiled at her eagerness, and said, "I suspect that you could be a damned hot aggressor, but are you okay with being a willing and obedient submissive tonight? Doing what you're told without question?"
"I can do that," she replied with a smile. He had an air of self-confidence about him that made the thought of being controlled by him very arousing.
"Good," he said. He leaned back against the bar, and told her, "Go over by the window and take your clothes off."
She walked over and stood a foot away from the floor-to-ceiling window. They were on the top floor of the hotel--ten stories above the ground--so people on the street were unlikely to see her... for which she was a little disappointed. There was another even taller hotel twenty or thirty yards across a courtyard, but the windows were mostly dark or curtained. Still, the thought that there could be someone over there watching her strip naked in the brightly-lit window made her pussy tingle and her nipples stiffen.
Turning to face Mark, she slowly lifted the sweater off over her head, giving him his first good look at her huge nipples. Her areolas were light in color, but her nubs--sticking out a quarter of an inch with her arousal--were darker in color. She was tempted to pull on them to send a little jolt to her pussy, but he hadn't told her that she could play with herself and she was enjoying being his submissive as well as the tease of things she was sure were coming.
She reached behind and unhooked her strapless bra, letting it fall away and letting her tits settle into their own natural shape. They weren't huge--between a c and d cup depending on the bra type--but they had held their shape pretty well over the years.
She loved to have them played with, even mauled, and to have their big nipples pinched, pulled, and sucked. If she had grabbed them right then--like she wanted to--she was sure it would have made her pussy leak. But almost as good was the self-tease of holding back andnotdoing it.
Topless in the big, open window, she looked at him looking at her. He wore a perfectly neutral expression as he sipped his drink, but when she dropped her gaze, she could easily see the bulge that his erection was making in his pants belying his feigned blasé. That made her feel good; feel sexy.
She undid her narrow belt, then her pants button, and then lowered her zipper. She pulled the flaps back, exposing the fine, natural blond, untrimmed hair that covered her pussy mound. He made a little "Hmm," sound, perhaps surprised that she wasn't wearing panties of any shape or size. Being able to catch him off guard made her feel impish.
She turned around, displaying her naked tits and pussy to whoever might be watching from across the way, and peeled her slacks down over her hips, exposing her "Katherine Hepburn" ass to him. She had always longed for a shapely, twin-orb, bubble-butt but the genes handed down through her mother dictated otherwise.
She bent over to remove her slacks over her three-inch heels, allowing her tits to dangle for any voyeur in the other building, and--with some slightly exaggerated movements--she made sure to display her ass-crack to Mark, all the way from her glistening pussy-lips to her puckered little asshole.
She stood up and turned back to face him. As she folded her slacks and laid them across a chair, she asked, "Shall I leave the shoes on?"
She wondered if he was going to instruct her to add "Master" to the sentence. She hoped not; for some reason, she really didn't care for that.
Happily, all he said was, "No. Take them off, too. I want you to be totally naked."
She bent down to take them off--this time givinghima good view of her dangling tits and any watchers a view of her ass.
When she stood up--now much shorter--he made a circular motion with his free hand and told her, "Turn around. Let's give everyone a good view of your lovely body."
As she did a slow modeling turn she stepped even closer to the window. She looked down and could easily see a number of people on the opposite pathway. She couldn't tell if they were looking up at her, but she hoped that at least some were. That made her pussy leak a tiny bit more.
When she had gotten all the way around and faced him again, he said, "Come over here and take out my cock."
Standing in front of him and looking up into his eyes, she pulled down his zipper. She reached her hand inside and put her hand around his erection. It was hard, and thick, and long, and as she slid her fingers down its length and brushed one finger over its mushroom knob, she wondered how she was going to extract the thing out through his fly.
"Is it okay if I undo your pants to get it out?" she asked. "I don't want to hurt you."
"Yes. But then do them back up," he said.
Still standing and looking at his face, she undid his belt and then his button. She maneuvered the pants around enough to get his cock sticking out and then refastened the button and belt. She then reached back inside and gently lifted his balls out, as well. Only then did she shift her gaze to look down at his erection. It could have been used as a model for her favorite life-like rubber dildo!
It was seven or eight inches long--it was hard to tell sticking out of his pants; it was thick enough that her ring-finger and thumb barely touched around it, and it had a mushroom head with a well-defined fire helmet ridge. The head was slightly larger than the rest of the arrow-straight shaft and was a deep red color. There were a pair of thick veins that snaked their way along the shaft that BJ could hardly wait to feel under her lips.
"Would you like me to put it in my mouth?" she asked him.
"Yes," he answered. "Show me how you got your nickname in high school."
She hooked two fingers behind his belt and pulled him over towards the big window. The exhibitionist in her was out of its cage and demanding to be fed.
She lowered herself to her knees, took his erection in her hand, and tilting it up, she licked the sensitive cleft under its head. She continued up, wigging the tip of her tongue into his pee-hole then swished it over the whole squishy head. As she swished, she leaned forward, retracting her tongue at the same time her mouth enveloped his knob. She closed her lips around its thick ridge and pulled a suction while she continued to push her tongue all over it.
She loved the taste of spur-of-the-moment sex. When she had freshened up earlier she had used a washcloth to clean herself--front and back--pretty well, but he had not. Along with the salty taste of his pre-cum--and there was a lot--there was the masculine musky taste of a cock that had been confined in a pair of pants for hours. The taste always brought back hot and pleasant memories of giving a guy--or two--a quickie, impromptu blowjob behind the stadium during a football game.
She pushed her mouth farther down his shaft, keeping her tongue pressed tightly against its underside, and then slowly bobbed back and forth a few times picking up and savoring every molecule of his musky cock-taste.
Her oral ministrations elicited a contented, "Mmm," from him followed by, "You're nickname is well deserved."
As she slid her sucking mouth off of his dick, she said to herself,You ain't seen nothing yet, sweetheart!
She stood and he said, "You're not finished down there, are you?"
"Hardly," she replied with a grin and then took his drink from him. She took a long sip, pulling an ice cube into her mouth as well. Around the mouthful of liquid, she managed to say, "Hold my drink!" and then went back to her knees.
With her lips sealed around his cock she pushed forward bathing his dick in scotch and soda. The alcohol made his knob and especially his cleft tingle. He drew in a long breath through his nose and moaned, "Oh, Jesus!" Then she flicked the ice cube around and pressed it hard against his cleft while sucking on his cock-head. "Holy fuck!" he groaned.
She almost lost the seal around his dick as a smile creased her lips. She loved to surprise a lover with something they'd never experienced before.
She bobbed a few times, swishing the cube all over his cock-head until it was nearly melted, and then she swallowed the scotch and soda, now mixed with the taste of pre-cum and cock. As she continued bobbing, sucking, and swirling her tongue she reached up and began to fondle his balls, gently massaging the two orbs with her fingers.
Pretending to be nonchalant while getting the most amazing blowjob he could remember, he tilted his glass to his lips for a sip, and began to say, "You certainly have talents that..."
She heard the clinking of the ice in his glass and she decided to catch him off guard again, and with a snug grip on his balls, she pushed forward and drove his cock down her throat.
"Oh, fuck!" he said and nearly lost his balance, sloshing his drink and spilling it down his shirt.
She held herself impaled on his cock with her face pressed into his pants for only ten seconds or so, but then pulled back and repeated the throat-jab half-a-dozen times in quick succession.
"Fu-uck!" he groaned having never had his cock sucked quite like that before.
When she pulled off his dick to catch her breath, she used her throat-slime as lubricant and stroked his cock several times from over its fat knob to its root, pushing her fist into his bunched-up balls.
She looked up at him, and with a big, impish smile, she said, "Was that okay?"
He put his hands on the sides of her head, lifted her to her feet, and kissed her hard. That he was sharing the slime that his cock had drawn out of her throat was intoxicating to her. She could tell that she was really going to like whatever this guy had in mind!
When he broke the kiss, he turned her face toward the wet spot on his shirt, and said, "Look what you made me do. Such irresponsible actions have consequences, you know. You're going to have to be punished."
She ran a finger down the spot on his white shirt, and said playfully, "I don't suppose just saying I'm sorry would suffice?"
"Hardly," he replied. "First, though, take my clothes off so they can be sent out."
She unbuttoned his shirt and as she pushed it off of his shoulders she leaned down and kissed his chest. She guessed that he was probably in his fifties but he was extremely fit. The only thing that belied his age was the few strands of grey hair mixed into the small amount of dark hair in the middle of his chest.
She unbuckled his belt and undid his button again, and as she lowered his pants and he stepped out of them, she brushed her face repeatedly against his cock.
She folded his clothes and laid them across an ottoman while he stepped away from the window and then returned with a straight-back dining room chair. Placing it next to the window, facing outward, he sat down, and told her, "Come over here and get across my lap."
Her pussy was on frigging fire! It had been a long time since she'd gotten a spanking, and she hadneverdone it in a display window!
She laid herself across his legs, pressing his erection down with her belly. She positioned herself so that her tits dangled freely next to one of his legs so that anyone watching would see them rock back and forth as she took her punishment. She fantasized about a young couple across the way in another hotel room watching and using her as their foreplay.
With one hand on her back, he slid the other over her smooth, naked ass. He went from one cheek to the other, dipping his fingers into her crack as he crossed over. Then his hand was gone and she waited.
But it didn't come down on one of her cheeks; it touched lightly inside of her thighs. He pushed gently and she spread her legs as far as her position would allow. She looked over toward the window, imagining the voyeur couple watching her. As they stood there, the girl would be stroking her boyfriend's hard cock, and he would be gripping the cheeks of her cute, round ass. BJ wished that the chair was turned so they could see how wet her pussy was. Then she noticed Mark's reflection in the window.
He was leaning over and looking at her pussy. She spread her legs a bit farther trying, unsuccessfully, to open her cunt so that he could look right inside of her, right up her cunt-hole itching for his cock.
In the reflection, she watched his hand come up between her legs and then she felt a single finger slide up through her pussy lips. It paused right at the entrance to cunt and made a couple of little circles before sliding in, ever so slowly. It went in until the rest of his fisted fingers stopped it, then he withdrew it and she saw him lift it away. She hoped that he was going to put it in his mouth, but at just that moment, he apparently noticed her watching his reflection, and he startled her a bit when he said, "Hey! Eyes forward!" He slid his hand from her back, up her neck, and forced her head around and down. His firmness made her pussy leak and she longed to feel his finger go back up her cunt.
But instead, she felt him wipe her pussy-juice on one of her ass-cheeks. He lifted his hand away, presumably to go get some more of her arousal juice for the other cheek, so he caught her completely off guard when he brought his open hand down hard on the wet spot on her ass.
"Shit!" she yelped in surprise and involuntarily lurched to pull away. But he had moved his hand onto her back again and held her firmly in place.
The sharp sting of the smack on her wet skin quickly turned into a burn that permeated the flesh of her ass and sent arousing tendrils straight to her pussy and even to her dangling nipples. As the pain turned paradoxically into intense pleasure she relaxed her tensed ass muscles to accept another smack. Would it be on the same, now-tender spot or on the other cheek?
As she pondered that, she felt two fingers push into her dripping cunt. As before, he didn't linger there, but withdrew them and wiped her juices on her other cheek. Now that she knew what would follow, she couldn't help but clench her ass muscles.
But he surprised her, yet again when he landed a second smack on the first still-burning spot.
"Oh, shit!" she growled but barely got the words for her mouth when his hand came down on her "virgin" cheek. He then alternated spanks between her two quickly-reddening cheeks, but backed off on the force with each slap, keeping the pain well within the pleasure zone. This was obviously not his first ass-slapping rodeo!
As focused as BJ was on the repeated stings that were sending glorious electrical charges to her cunt, she also noticed that with each slap on her ass, Mark's rigid cock lurched up against her belly. He was apparently getting just as aroused from smacking her ass as she was from receiving hispunishment.
With both of them reaching their limits, he lifted her from his lap and onto her feet. He then got up and with his cock sticking straight out and drooling profusely, he told her, "Bend over the chair!"
She crossed her arms over the back of the chair, bent over, and rested her chin on them. Her back was nearly level and her tits hung down while her legs were straight and her ass was sticking out. She was side-to the window and little more than a foot from it, and she glanced out imagining that her fantasy couple was still watching. She even imagined that they would be filming her so they could enjoy the live sex show they'd witnessed time and again.
She had her legs together, wanting him to exert his control over her and tell her to spread them. She wasn't disappointed, but she was a bit surprised when he gave one of her reddened, tender spots a glancing slap, and said, "Do you expect me to be able to fuck you with your legs pulled together? Put your feet apart! Show me how wet your pussy is!"
She spread her legs and even clenched her cunt muscles to force a little more wetness from her pussy in anticipation of feeling his cock pushed into her. Would his penetration be hard and aggressive or slow and teasing? As it turned out, neither.
He dropped to his knees behind her, took hold of the fronts of her legs, and pushed his face into her crotch. He lapped all over her pussy, flicked her clit with his tongue, pulled his tongue up through her drenched pussy-lips, and poked it into the entrance to her cunt-hole.
She sucked in her breath and moaned, "Oh, God!" at his talented cunt-lapping. She was still quite sure that he was going to fuck her bent over the chair in the big open window, but his unexpected oral engagement was a delightful bonus!
In high school, it had been easy to give a guy a quickie blowjob behind the stadium, in the woods behind the school, or even that one time in the boy's locker room. But she only ever got her cunt eaten when there was enough time and privacy to get naked like in the backseat of a guy's car or in her parent's basement.
Mark pulled away, and as he stood back up, he said, "There is nothing like the taste of a wet, horny, un-fucked cunt, don't you agree?"
"I couldn't say from personal experience with a cunt," she answered, "but I love the taste of a fresh-out-of-the-pants cock! Yours was delicious!"
"Hmm," he said in response to her lack of experience with a cunt; that surprised him.
He took his rigid cock in his fist, moved up close behind her, and squished its head around in her sopping wet pussy lips. She pushed back, desperate to have him inside her, but he pulled back as she moved, keeping his knob teasingly pressed into her lips but not into her cunt.
He gave one of her still-red spots a finger-tip slap, and told her, "You just stay still!"
She did as she was told--loving his control.
He pulled his cock-head from one end of her sopping wet slit to the other--grinding it into her clit at one end and rubbing across her puckered little asshole on the other. Then he moved it back down, lined it up with her cunt-hole, and pushed forward. Her pussy-lips spread around his fat knob and then closed snugly behind its thick ridge. But there he stopped.
She moaned a low, "Oh!" at both the glorious feeling of having the entrance to her cunt stretched by a big cock-head--finally!--but also in disappointment that he didn't shove it in farther to stretch and fill her whole hungry cunt.
He pulled it out, but then poked it right back in, tip-fucking her over and over. "Oh, fuck!" she groaned with her eyes closed and focusing on her cunt-hole being stretched open and then collapsing shut time and again.
"If you want to feel my cunt cum around your fat cock," she finally said, "you'd better shove that thing into my guts right now because I am ready to frigging explode!"
"You mean like this?" he replied and drove forward while holding her hips and burying every inch of his cock up her cunt in one hard shove.
"Oh shit!" she growled as his quick insertion triggered her long-built orgasm. Her cunt contracted and pumped its first gush around his tight-fitting dick and then he began to fuck her with long hard jabs forcing her escaping pussy-juice squeeze out and run down her legs.
"I'm getting ready, too, BJ!" he groaned as he hammered his cock up her sloppy cunt. "But I'm going to jerk off in your pretty mouth! Do you swallow, BJ? Do you like the taste of fresh, hot cum?"
"Oh, fuck, yes!" she said as he drove deep into her cunt.
Her memory flashed back to the first time she had tasted a guy's cum. It was the time in the locker room and Billy Richards had held her head tightly not letting her pull away as he blew his load in her mouth. At first, she thought it was gross and she was pissed at him, but when she was forced to swallow so as not to choke on his squirting jism, she realized that she liked the taste and that she also liked the nastiness of the act. From then on her reputation as the high school's BJ queen was clinched!
Mark pulled his dick from her still-gushing pussy, lifted her from her bent-over position, spun her around, and had her going to her knees in a matter of seconds.
She knelt in front of him with her mouth wide open, as he jerked off furiously just inches in front of her face. As focused as she was on his fat cock, she managed to imagine her fantasy friends across the way bringing each other to their own orgasms while she waited to get her mouth filled with hot cum.
Suddenly, he stopped jerking with his fist tightly wrapped around his cock right behind its fat knob, aimed it directly into her mouth, and growled as the first long, forceful squirt of jism erupted from his pee-hole.
Then he went back to jerking and grunting as he pumped spurt after spurt of thick, hot cum into her mouth.
As experienced as she was with having guys jerk off in her mouth--they loved to do that!--she had rarely had anyone orgasm so long and so much, and she began to wonder if his splooge was going to start running from her mouth and down over her tits.
Just as the pool of cum reached its limit, he groaned, "Oh, shit yes!" and squeezed the last drool from his dick, wiping his knob off on her upper lip before backing away.
She looked up at him with her mouth open, showing him his deposit of cum, then closed her lips, and made a show of swallowing hard. She then opened her mouth before saying playfully, "Now you see it; now you don't!"
He cupped her head between his hands, lifted her to her feet, and bent down to kiss her. That sent a fresh tingle to her drenched pussy. Not every guy would kiss the lips he had just jerked off into. She was really liking this guy!
He held her naked body closely against his while kissing her and she felt his deflated dick pressed against her pussy. It wasn't limp, but she wondered how long it would be before he could get it up again because she sure wasn't done yet! She considered dropping to her knees and taking him into her mouth. She loved when a man's penis grew to full "cock" status inside of her mouth!
But he had other ideas. He broke the kiss, turned her toward the bathroom, and with a swat on her tender ass, he said, "Go and take a shower; the others will be here, soon."
"Others?" she said.
"I promised to tie you to the bed and use you as a fuck-toy," he said, "and I never go back on a promise."
(Continued in part-2)
Please take a moment to vote and to leave a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey