Amy ran her tongue up the underside of the hard black cock. Reaching the tip, she engulfed the whole thing in her mouth. Saliva drooled from the corners of her lips as she forced her face down onto it. She tried to breathe as best she could, feeling the thick black shaft plug her throat.
After almost five minutes, Darius finally stirred. He opened his eyes and smiled at Amy as she sucked his dick. His hands found her naked tits and began to tweak her hard nipples. She moaned in pleasure, the sound muffled by the fat black cock she worked with her mouth.
They had fucked twice more last night in Darius's bed after saying goodnight to Mara. Amy had made him pull out and cum in her mouth both times. She was surprised at how much she liked it. With Treyvon, she had always been fixated on taking his cum in her pussy. She never really had a chance to appreciate the feeling of a hard black cock spurting its load into her mouth.
Soon Darius's cock was ready to explode. Amy could feel it starting to twitch in her throat. She pulled her head up, bringing the head back into her mouth. She wanted to taste him before she swallowed it. She swirled her tongue around the tip, and was soon rewarded with blast of hot cum. She tried to savor the thick, musky flavor before swallowing, but the hard black dick was pumping too fast. Her mouth filled up with his load. She tried to get it down to make room, but she couldn't keep up. Cum burst from her lips and ran down the dark shaft, coating her fingers.
When Darius finally stopped cumming, Amy cleaned up his cock, licking up the seed that had escaped her mouth. "Good morning," she said.
"That's the best way to wake up, babygirl," he said. "Thanks. But I think I'm gonna go back to sleep for a while."
"That's okay. We need to get going anyway," she said.
"Your husband must be getting worried," said Darius, laughing.
Amy had actually meant that she had to go to work. She realized that she hadn't thought about her husband at all since leaving her house last night. She found her phone on the table next to the bed and checked her texts.
Sure enough, there were a bunch from Trent asking where she was, when she was going to be home, and so on. Amy rolled her eyes. She didn't want to deal with him right now. She was about to put her phone away when she noticed that one of the texts was actually from Treyvon.
"How did last night go?" the text read.
She was still a little unsure of what to say to Treyvon since accidentally telling him she loved him the other day. She had tried to convince herself that it was just something she blurted out in the heat of the moment, but it was still weighing heavily on the back of her mind. However, she was dying to tell him about her success in converting Mara. She typed a quick message: "Really well! It's actually not over yet. Will tell you everything later."
Amy stood and got out of bed. She needed to find Mara or they would be late for work. She turned to Darius, who had rolled over and closed his eyes. "Where did Mara and Lamar sleep?" she asked.
"There's a spare bedroom at the end of the hall," he said, groggily.
Stark naked, Amy walked outside Darius's bedroom. She had started down the hallway toward the living room where she had left her clothes when she heard a noise coming from the closed door at the end of the hall. She stopped. Was it moaning? She walked to the door and listened, her clothing forgotten. It was definitely moaning.
Amy's hand went to her pussy. It felt strange to her, and then she realized it was because she didn't have a load of cum inside her. She smiled to herself as she opened the door and stepped inside.
Mara was on all fours, her head down on the pillows and her ass in the air. Lamar was pounding her doggy style from behind. Her perky breasts jiggled each time he thrust into her. Both of their bodies were covered with a sheen of sweat.
Amy walked over to the bed. The couple didn't slow down as she approached. She leaned in and gave Mara a cum-scented kiss on the mouth. "We have to go," she whispered as the younger girl let out another moan.
She moved around behind Lamar. From this angle, Amy could see his cock penetrating Mara's pussy. Each time he plunged into her, his cock forced a droplet of white cum out of her slit. Clearly he had filled her up multiple times since last night. Amy ran her fingers across his naked chest. "Hurry up and cum in her again. We need to go to work," she encouraged.
Lamar grunted in agreement and started fucking her faster. Amy put her hands on Mara's ass and pushed it back to meet his thrusting. Mara threw her head back and screamed in pleasure as she came on the big black cock inside her.
"Oh, God! Yes! Fuck me!" she cried.
"He's gonna cum in your pussy again," Amy whispered in her ear. "Your fertile, unprotected pussy. Do you want it?"
"Yessss," she moaned. "It feels so good when he cums inside me."
"But you might get pregnant," Amy teased, putting a hand on Mara's belly.
"I don't care," the girl replied. "I just want to feel it!"
Lamar couldn't take any more. He grabbed Mara by the hips and pulled her towards him, burying his cock to the hilt inside her. Her eyes opened wide and rolled back as she came again. Amy fingered herself as she watched her friend have an orgasm while being inseminated by a black man.
After a few moments, Mara and Lamar both collapsed onto the bed. Amy could see Mara's pussy, swollen and wet, oozing cum. She crawled between the girl's legs and licked, tasting the black man's cum. Mara writhed in ecstasy as Amy's tongue explored her pussy and thighs, cleaning Lamar's seed off of her. She stopped short of sucking it out of her, wanting the girl to enjoy being full of cum all day long. After Mara was clean, Amy moved up and kissed her, sharing the cum she had collected. Mara accepted her kiss eagerly.
"I hate to break up this party, but we need to go," Amy said. "I will grab our clothes; I think they are still in the living room."
Mara nodded, and Amy went to go search for their clothing. She found it all strewn around the living room floor. After collecting it all, she got dressed. On her way back to Mara's room, she stopped to say goodbye to Darius.
She found him still in bed. When she touched his arm, he woke up. "We are leaving. Thanks for last night," she said.
Darius sat up. "When can I see you next, babygirl?" he asked.
"I don't know," she said. "You know I already have a boyfriend. I'll have to see what he thinks."
"Then can I at least get your sister's number?" he said.
Amy thought about her sister Becca. They were pretty close, but in the past few weeks Amy had been so obsessed with black cock that she hadn't talked to her at all. She honestly couldn't remember now if her sister really had broken up with her boyfriend, or if it was just a lie Amy had told so she could sneak out and fuck Treyvon.
The thought of getting Becca blacked stirred familiar feelings of lust in Amy. But she knew her sister wasn't ready yet. She would have to work on her a bit first.
"No, I don't think that's a good idea yet," she finally answered. "But if you are patient, I promise you will be her first black man."
"Alright, I trust you, babygirl. You have my number," he said.
She leaned in and gave him a kiss goodbye. When she got back to the guest room, Amy found Mara and Lamar making out on the bed. Reluctantly she pulled them apart and gave Mara her clothes back. She got dressed, and after exchanging numbers and a few more kisses with Lamar, she followed Amy out of the house.
They rode in silence for the first few minutes. Then Mara blurted out, "I don't know how you do it, Amy!"
"What do you mean?" she laughed.
"How can you go back to your husband every day, knowing how much better black men are? I'm trying to picture Kenny right now, and he disgusts me. All I want to do is to go back to Lamar and feel his cock inside me again," Mara said.
"I'm not going to lie to you," Amy said. "It's not easy. I haven't had sex with my husband in weeks. I still love him, though. He just doesn't do anything for me sexually anymore. Every day I look forward to the next time I can get fucked by a black dick."
"I would have stayed there all day with Lamar," she confessed. "The feeling of him cumming inside me was incredible."
"I told you it would be worth the risk," Amy said.
"Oh, God, I couldn't even think straight," Mara said. "I let him cum inside me so many times. What if I get pregnant, Amy?"
"The risk is what makes it so hot!" she replied. "Every time Treyvon cums in me all I can think about is how this is the one that will knock me up. Just talking about it like this is making me wet."
"You're so bad," she said. "Where are we going?"
"Back to your apartment," Amy said. "Don't you need to shower and change for work?
"Yeah, I guess," she said. "But I don't want to go back there. Kenny is there, and I don't want to deal with him right now. I have a feeling we're gonna get in a huge fight."
"We can just go in to work then, I guess," Amy said. "We can clean up in the bathroom and grab some spare uniforms. But you're gonna have Lamar's cum dripping down your leg all day long!"
"Oh no, how will I ever survive?" Mara said, and both girls giggled.
"Seriously though, I'm glad you enjoyed your first black cock," Amy said.
"I REALLY enjoyed it," said Mara. "I'm sorry I ever doubted you. Thanks for opening my eyes."
"Thanks for opening your legs!" Amy laughed. "I think every white girl needs to try it. I think I'm gonna convert my sister next."
"Ooh, that's hot," Mara said. "If I can help you, let me know."
"I definitely will," Amy said as she pulled the car into the parking space behind the coffee shop. She unlocked the back door, and they went inside. Mara went straight for the bathroom to wash up, while Amy went to go look for spare uniforms. She found a box of t-shirts in the office. She pulled them out one by one, but none of them were her size. Finally she chose the only one she was able to get over her massive tits. It was much too small, but she liked the way the fabric stretched across her chest. She grabbed another for Mara, as well as a couple of aprons.
Amy walked into the bathroom, not bothering to knock. She found Mara topless, washing herself off with a paper towel in the sink. She stripped off her shirt as well, and followed suit.
"Well," she said as they dried themselves off, "We May still look like we were up all night getting fucked, but at least we don't smell like it."
Mara laughed as she put on the shirt and tied it up, making it tight across her tits and exposing her midriff. She pulled her apron over her head and checked herself out in the mirror. Amy thought she looked sexy. She looked down at the girl's legs and saw a drop off wetness streaming down her thigh.
"You have cum on your leg," Amy pointed out.
"Hah, and I just wiped it off, too. This might get annoying," Mara said.
"Welcome to the life of a black cock slut," Amy said. "I had Treyvon's cum running down my leg every day last week. Anyway, every time you feel it, just think about how it got inside you to begin with."
"That's just gonna make me horny all day!" Mara exclaimed.
"Exactly!" Amy giggled.
A half hour before opening time, Janice came in, surprised to see the girls there already. She took one look at their outfits and smiled, shaking her head.
"You two look like you had a fun night," she said.
"Oh, we did," Amy said. "Tell her what happened, Mara."
"I took my first black cock last night," she said, turning pink.
Janice's eyes went wide. "You did? What happened? I didn't even know you were into black guys," she said.
"I didn't, either," Mara said. "Until a couple days ago. Amy convinced me to try it."
"So what did you think?" Janice asked.
"I loved it," Mara answered. "It was amazing. I can't wait to do it again."
"So if the three of us are always in the back room with black guys now, who is going to run the coffee shop?" Janice asked, shaking her head. "We're gonna have to hire someone new."
"Then sooner or later there will be four of us in the back!" Amy said, and all three of them laughed. She let Mara fill Janice in on the details of her first blackening while she finished getting the shop ready to open. Once everything was all set, she unlocked the front door.
The morning went by quickly, since it was so busy. Amy barely had time to think of anything else. After ten o'clock, however, the line died down and she had a moment to herself. She picked up her phone and sent a text to Treyvon.
"So we went out last night and met a couple black guys. Mara was shy at first but after a couple drinks she loosened up. We ended up going home with them," it read.
Treyvon's response did not take long to arrive. "Did she give it up?"
"She fucked her first black cock on the guy's couch next to me. I watched him fill her pussy with his load," she answered. Her nipples began to poke through under her shirt.
"That's fucking hot, girl. What about you? Did you get fucked?" he asked.
"I fucked him once in the men's room at the bar, and a couple times at his house. I made him cum in my mouth, though. My pussy belongs to you," Amy sent back. Her panties clung to her dripping wet slit.
"Good girl. You can tell me the rest in person. Meet me at my place at noon," he said.
"Trey I have to work," she text back. She had to fight the urge to touch herself.
"I don't care. I want to fuck my girl this afternoon. Figure something out," came the reply.
Amy's pussy throbbed, as it did every time Treyvon "claimed" her. She knew she had to find a way to get out of work and see him. She found Janice in the office.
"Do you think I could leave at noon today?" Amy asked her.
"I don't know..." Janice said. "We've been pretty busy today. What's going on?"
Amy wasn't sure what to say. Should she make up a story? She finally decided to be honest, hoping her boss would be sympathetic to her need for black cock.
"Treyvon told me to be at his apartment at noon," she said. "I tried to tell him I had to work, but he didn't care."
Janice looked at her with a strange expression, somewhere between sympathy and envy. "Okay, but we really have to figure something out. This place can't run if we are all out taking black cock all the time," she said.
"Thank you!" Amy squealed. "I knew you would understand. I will return favor, I promise."
She walked back to the front of the shop. Her pussy was soaked, and she now had two hours to kill before she would find relief. She distracted herself with wiping down tables and refilling sugar containers.
Amy went to the stock room to get napkins. It was the first time in a while she had gone into that room without intending to have sex. Even so, her thoughts immediately went to the orgy that took place there a few days ago. She had taken three black cocks at once. Her hand wandered down to her skirt as she walked past the place she had laid.
Amy shook her head. She stopped herself before she started masturbating. "Control yourself," she thought as she grabbed a package of napkins. "You'll get to cum soon enough."
As she walked back out of the stock room, she heard Mara laughing flirtatiously. Curious, Amy hurried to the front. Mara was surrounded by three young black men. She recognized two of them as Lamar's friends Odell and Calvin from last night. The third was a stranger, but all three were acting very friendly with Mara.
"I'm glad you guys came to see me," she was saying as she touched the stranger on the arm. "I get so lonely on these long shifts."
"Sure thing, baby," Calvin answered. "We'll be coming by a lot from now on. The scenery here is nice," he added, looking over at Amy.
The three men sat down at a table near the door. Amy walked over to Mara behind the counter. She could see wetness dripping down the younger girl's leg again. Grabbing a napkin, she knelt on the floor next to Mara and wiped it off.
"Thanks," Mara whispered. "Those guys were making me so wet."
They started longingly at the three black men. After a while they finished their drinks and got up leave. Amy saw Mara start to say something, then hesitate. The men walked out of the coffee shop. Mara looked disappointed.
"Did you want to fuck those guys?" Amy asked.
"I... I don't know," said Mara. "I didn't want them to leave."
"You need to be more forward. Those guys all wanted you. All you needed to do was say something and you could have taken them all to the back room," Amy said.
"It's all still so new to me," she answered.
"Don't worry. You'll get used to it. I was shy once, too," Amy said. She went back to stocking napkins. Every so often, she glanced at Mara. The girl was rubbing her thighs together, almost like she had to pee. Amy knew she was trying to keep the load of Lamar's cum inside her. Her own pussy was dripping at the realization.
Finally it was time for her to go. She practically ran to the minivan and got on the road. Treyvon's apartment was only ten minutes away from the coffee shop. She took the stairs to his floor two at a time.
Treyvon opened the door on the second knock, and Amy pounced. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed his lips. He held her up by hooking his arms under her thighs. As they kissed, she realized he was naked, and she felt his already-hard cock poking against her panties. She reached a hand down to move them aside, and then he was inside her once again. "Where he belongs," she thought.
They fucked in the open doorway. Amy knew that anyone passing by could see them, but all she cared about was getting that black dick. She moaned into Treyvon's mouth as he bounced her up and down on his enormous shaft.
She had her first orgasm only minutes after being penetrated. Amy felt her pussy begin to squirt, but the black man didn't relent. He pushed his cock deeper into her as she came.
"You missed my black cock, didn't you, girl?" Treyvon asked.
"Oh! Fuck! Yes!" was all Amy could stammer out as the orgasm rocked through her.
"You got your black cock fix last night, but now you need my cum," he said, practically reading her mind.
"Yes," Amy panted as she came down. "It just wasn't the same without feeling it pumping into me."
"That's my good girl. Who owns this pussy?" he said, driving her hips down onto his cock.
"You do, Trey. My pussy belongs to you. No one can cum in me but you!" she moaned.
"At least until you have my black baby inside your belly," Treyvon said, fucking her faster. He seemed to be close.
"Yes! Give me that black baby!" she cried.
She could feel his massive black shaft stretching her out again, resizing her pussy to fit only him.
"You know it's only a matter of time, girl," he said. "I've been cumming inside this pussy every day for a week and a half. You're probably already pregnant. But if not, then maybe this will do it."
"Oh, God, yes! Breed my married white pussy!" Amy was getting close again as well.
"Yeah, take my seed you married slut!" Treyvon said as he drove her body down onto his throbbing dick one last time. She felt it explode inside her, spraying her cervix with hot cum. She let herself go as the first jet of the black man's cum entered her. Her pussy milked each spurt from his cock as they came together. She wrapped her arms and legs around his body while he held her up, keeping his cock in place until he finished filling her up.
Afterwards, Treyvon set Amy down. Her hand immediately went to her pussy to keep his cum from dripping out, but to her surprise she couldn't feel any. "It must be really deep inside," she thought as she walked to his kitchen to grab a glass of water.
Treyvon closed the front door and followed her. As they rehydrated before their next round, Amy gave him the details of what happened the previous night with Mara.
"So you convinced her to let him cum in her pussy bareback? That's my girl," he said.
"It was so hot, Trey. I couldn't believe it when she agreed. But they fucked all night long, and she took every load," she said.
"Damn, all three of you coffee shop girls are gonna end up black bred. I love it."
"I know, right? It makes me wet every time I think about it," Amy said. "I do feel bad for Darius, though. He kept asking me when he could see me again. I think he's got a crush on me."
"I'm not gonna stop you from fucking another black man, as long as I get you pregnant first. Go ahead and see him," said Treyvon.
"I know, but I don't think he'd be satisfied with just another fling. He deserves someone that will be his girlfriend."
"I know that look," said Treyvon. "What are you thinking, girl?"
"My sister," Amy said with a sheepish grin.
"Damn, that's nasty, girl. Does your sister have any idea?" he asked.
"No. I think she has a white boyfriend still. I haven't talked to her in a few weeks."
"So she doesn't even know what you've been up to?" he said.
"No," said Amy. The last time I talked to her was before we ever met. I was still just fantasizing about black men and masturbating to interracial porn back then. We didn't talk about it."
"You should call her and tell her," Treyvon said.
"Right now?" she asked.
"Yeah, girl. I want to hear you describe to her how you became a black cock slut," he replied.
Amy nodded. She dug her phone out of her purse and sat down on the couch next to Treyvon. She dialed her sister's number with one hand while the other wrapped itself around the black man's semi-hard cock. Slowly, she began to stroke it as the phone rang.
Her sister Becca answered after the third ring. "Amy! I was starting to think you forgot about me," she said.
"I know, I'm sorry. There's been... stuff going on. I promise not to let it get in the way again," Amy said.
"Ooh, mysterious," said Becca. "What 'stuff' could make you forget about your own sister?"
Amy blushed and glanced down at Treyvon's huge, erect cock. She knew she couldn't just blurt it out. "Well, Trent and I have been having some issues," she said.
"Oh, Amy, I'm so sorry!" her sister exclaimed. "What happened? Did he cheat on you?"
"Not exactly," she said, her hand sliding down the massive black pole.
"What does that mean?" Becca asked. "Either he did or he didn't."
"HE didn't," Amy emphasized.
"Wait, what?" her sister said. "You don't mean..."
"Yeah, I did," she said.
"Oh my God! What happened?" said Becca.
"It's kind of a long story. So, a couple months ago, I discovered that I really liked watching a certain kind of porn," Amy answered.
"Wow, this is crazy." Her sister sounded incredulous. "What kind of porn?"
"The kind with white girls and black guys," she said. "Interracial porn."
There was a long silence, to the point where Amy was about to ask if she was still there. Becca's voice was low. "Are you serious?" she asked.
"Of course I am. I loved the contrast of the dark skin against the pale, and the way the black men just took what they wanted. Not to mention their size," said Amy. She wrapped her fingers around the base of Treyvon's cock and gave it a squeeze. She licked her lips as she watched it glisten, still wet with their shared cum.
"Their size..?" Her sister's voice trailed off.
"Black men's cocks are so big, Becca," Amy said. "Well, most of them, anyway. The ones I've seen are like two or three times the size of Trent. Don't tell me you've never seen one."
Again, there was a long silence before Becca answered. "No, I... Chris doesn't like those movies. The ones with black people in them, I mean. We watch porn sometimes when we have sex, but if one of those scenes comes on he skips it," she said.
"Okay, but you've caught a glimpse, right? Enough so you know what I'm talking about," Amy said. A droplet of pre-cum oozed from the tip of the black tool in her hand.
"I... I guess so," said her sister.
"Anyway, I was totally obsessed with watching interracial porn," Amy continued. "It wasn't long before I started noticing black men in real life, too. Soon I was getting wet every time a black man came into the coffee shop."
"Oh my God! Amy!" her sister cried. "I can't believe this."
"Then about a month ago, I met this guy. Tall and sexy, black of course. We started texting back and forth. He kept trying to convince me to cheat on my husband, and I kept trying to keep it to just sexy texting. Eventually, I couldn't stand it anymore and I gave in," Amy said.
"But how..." Becca started.
"Let me finish," Amy interrupted. "Becca, you have no idea how good it was. It was like all the sex I had before then was just practice, and that was my first real time. It was literally life-changing. I knew I could never go back to living without it. I have fucked him every day since that first time."
After another long pause, Becca asked, "What about Trent? Does he know?"
"No, he doesn't," said Amy. "Although I'm sure he is starting to suspect. I still do love him, Becca. But I have these new needs that he can't satisfy. The thought of having sex with him is honestly such a turnoff now." She felt Treyvon's cock throb in her hand when she said the words.
"This is so crazy!" her sister said. "But you sound so excited about it. You must be having fun."
"It's been amazing!" Amy said. "Last night we went to a club, and I picked up a guy. We danced all night and I ended up going home with him. It's the life I wish I had lived when I was in my 20s."
"You went home with someone?!" Becca cried. "Was... was he black, too?"
Amy rolled her eyes. "Becca, you're gonna have to assume that from now on, whenever I tell you a story about cheating on my husband with a guy, he's gonna be black."
"Sorry, but this is a lot to take in," her sister said.
"That's what I said when I saw his cock," snapped Amy. Treyvon laughed out loud at this, and she gave his cock another squeeze.
"Who's that?" Becca asked. "Oh my God, are you with someone right now?"
"Say hi to Treyvon, Sis. He's my black boyfriend," Amy said.
"Hey girl," said Treyvon, taking the phone from Amy. He gently pushed her head down to his dick, and she took the hint. She opened her mouth and engulfed his cock, tasting their mixed cum on his shaft. She saw him put the call on speaker so she could hear.
"H-hello," she heard Becca stammer. "Amy, I don't know what to say. This is too much."
Amy couldn't answer, as her mouth was full of black dick. She sucked it eagerly, making audible slurping sounds as the shaft went down her throat.
"What is that sound?" Becca asked. "Amy, what's going on?"
"You'll have to excuse your sister if she doesn't say anything for a while," said Treyvon. "She's got her mouth full right now."
"What?! Is she..." Becca trailed off again, seemingly at a loss for words.
"Yes, your sister is busy sucking my big black dick right now," he said. "How do you feel about that?"
There was another long silence. "I mean... I guess she can do whatever makes her happy," Becca said. "It's just... I had no idea about this side of her. I thought we were pretty close."
Amy felt guilty. She was about to speak up when Treyvon came to her rescue. "It's still pretty new for her, too. We've only been fucking for maybe a week and a half. She hasn't had much time for anything else," he said.
"This is insane," Becca said. "I can't believe I'm listening to my sister give some guy a blowjob over the phone."
"You're right," Treyvon said. "You should be able to see her, too."
Before either of the women could say a word, he pushed the video chat button on the phone. Amy heard Becca gasp as her face popped up on the screen, a look of shock frozen on her features. In the lower right corner, she could see what her sister was seeing: a close-up of her own face, her lips stretched around Treyvon's fat black cock.
Amy stopped and stared at the screen. She was embarrassed, but also incredibly turned on. A moment later, she felt Treyvon's hand on top of her head, gently pushing it down. She looked directly into her sister's eyes on the screen and went back to work on the thick black shaft.
Becca glared wide-eyed as she watched Amy make the dark cock disappear into her mouth. Her sister was speechless, but Amy noticed that she didn't look away.
"Doesn't she look beautiful with a black dick in her mouth?" Treyvon asked her.
"I... I don't know," Becca mumbled. "I can't believe this is happening."
"What's not to believe?" he laughed. "She told you she's obsessed with black cock, and now you can see it with your own two eyes."
"I always thought she had the perfect marriage," said Becca. "I had no idea that she would ever cheat on her husband."
"A lot of white girls THINK they are satisfied with their white husbands' little peckers, until they get a taste of a real man's cock. Your sister wasn't the first girl it happened to, and she won't be the last," said Treyvon authoritatively. He reached down and slapped Amy's ass, making her squeal.
"Oh my God," Becca said again.
Amy pulled the dick out of her mouth. "It's true," she said. "The sex is so much better with black men. I keep thinking about what I've been missing out on all these years."
"I think it time to show her, girl," Treyvon said. Obediently, Amy climbed up to his lap and lowered herself onto his rock-hard cock. He rubbed the tip against her pussy, but didn't put it in.
"What are you waiting for?" Amy whispered. "Fuck me!"
"I don't think your sister can see very well from this angle," he said out loud. "And she wants to see this, doesn't she?"
"What? No!" said Becca, shaking her head.
"Liar," said Treyvon. "You could have hung up the phone any time you wanted. You stayed on because you like what you're seeing. Watching your sister taking black cock turns you on. You didn't expect it to, and now you don't know what to do. You're scared."
Becca was quiet. Amy could see a glazed look in her eyes. But she didn't end the call. Amy rubbed her pussy in Treyvon's dick impatiently. She wanted to feel it inside her. He reached around her ass and put the phone on the coffee table behind her. When she looked at the screen, all she could see was a close-up of her pussy, teasing the tip of Treyvon's cock.
"You can hang up if you are afraid, Becca. But I think we all know you're not going to," said Treyvon. "Enjoy the show, and if you are still on the line at the end we will know who you really are."
The black man finally pushed his cock past her nether lips and entered her. It never ceased to surprise Amy how much easier it was for him to penetrate her the second time around, after she's already been stretched out and filled up with cum. But the pleasure was the same, no matter if it was the first time or the hundredth.
She glanced back at the phone every so often, loving the view of her own pussy being impaled. It was her favorite camera angle in the porn she used to watch, made even hotter by the fact that it was actually happening to her.
As she rode Treyvon's massive black shaft, Amy wondered what her sister was thinking. The phone call had escalated quickly out of her her hands, and Treyvon was in control. Becca hadn't said anything since they had started fucking, but Amy was certain she was still watching. Treyvon had a way of knowing what you were thinking, and using that to get you to do what he wanted. She knew her sister well enough to know that she hated people thinking she was scared, and would go out of her way to avoid looking like she was afraid of anything. Becca would participate in her own indoctrination into the world of interracial sex until the end, even against her better judgement.
The realization was an incredible turn on for Amy. She began riding Treyvon's cock even faster, pushing her hips down to get him as deep into her pussy as possible. Soon she felt him bumping against her cervix.
"Oh my God, you're so deep!" she cried, looking back at the screen to watch the dark shaft disappear into her. "Yes! Fuck my pussy!"
"You like watching that black cock going into your married white cunt, don't you, slut?" Treyvon was clearly intent on putting on a show. "You love the way my black cock looks when I take your pussy from your pathetic husband."
"Fuck! Yes! I love it!" Amy screamed, partially for Becca's benefit, but also because she felt it was true. "Only black cock can make me feel like this!"
"Who does this pussy belong to?" he asked, reaching around to cup her ass.
"You, Trey," she answered. "My pussy is for you to use, whenever you want it. It belongs to you."
"And what about my cock?" he said. His finger slid down the crack of her ass.
"I love your cock!" Amy said carefully, not wanting another embarrassing incident. "I would do anything for your big black cock. I need to have it every day."
"What do you need every day?" Treyvon asked, and he pushed his index finger into her asshole.
"I need to feel you cumming inside me every day!" she moaned. An intense orgasm was building up within her. "I love it when you pump my cheating pussy full of your black seed!"
"And what do you hope will happen?" he pushed, fingering her ass.
Amy couldn't stand any more. She let loose, her orgasm making her squirt all over the cock protruding from her slit. She threw her head back and screamed, "I hope your cum will knock me up! I hope I will get pregnant with your baby! Yes! I need it! I want that black baby so bad!"
She heard her sister gasp loudly on the other end of the phone, but it barely registered to her sex-addled mind. All she cared about was feeling Treyvon's cum flow into her womb.
A moment later her efforts were rewarded. Treyvon roared as he grabbed her hips and held her down, his cock beginning to twitch. Amy felt him release inside her the hot cum flooding her pussy once again. It was like bliss. She opened her mouth and let out a long, deep moan as her black lover inseminated her for the second time in as many hours.
Her orgasm had subsided, but Amy kept grinding her hips on the hard cock inside her pussy. She looked back at the phone and saw Treyvon's cum oozing out from her overstretched pussy lips. She licked her lips as she watched a glob of it drip down the dark shaft, only to be pushed back up when he thrust into her again. She was glad her sister was getting to see this.
"Well, Becca, what did you think?" Treyvon asked when his dick had stopped shooting cum into Amy. He kept his finger in her ass as they rested.
There was no answer on the other end. Becca's face was unreadable, her eyes glassy. "I have to go," she said, and ended the call.
"Shit, I hope we didn't go too far. I don't want to scare her," Amy said.
"Nah, she just needs a little time. That was a lot of new stuff for her. I guarantee she will touch herself to it tonight. Tomorrow it will be all she can think about. She'll call you in a couple days with all kinds of questions," Treyvon said.
Amy picked up her phone. She saw that Treyvon had also started recording when he put the phone behind her. She was now the proud owner of a twenty minute long close-up video of her ass bouncing up and down on his big black cock. "Maybe I will send it to Becca later," she thought as she saved the video.
After she closed the video chat app, she noticed her messages. She had 5 missed calls and 13 new texts. They were all from her husband. She was so focused on Treyvon that she had neglected to call him at all that day. She scrolled through the identical "Where are you?" texts and was about to answer when Treyvon pushed a second finger into her ass, making her shiver.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
"I was about to text my husband. I haven't talked to him since before I left for the club last night. He's wondering where I am," she said.
"Let him wonder," he said, taking the phone out of her hand. "I'm not done with this pussy yet."
Amy eyes rolled back in ecstasy as he began to pump his stiffening cock into her pussy again.