A rather longer story than I had planned, but I hope you enjoy it. The usual combination of exhibitionism, voyeurism and panties, so I wasn't sure which category to put it in.
..................................................
Her life up until then had been ... unspectacular. Normal. She was happily married and lived in a nice house at the edge of a small town. Behind the house was pure countryside with fields and a forest. Her husband was caring and they got on well with one another. Just your normal suburban lifestyle. Normal that is, until that fateful day when she found the note.
Her husband had gone off to work early as always and she had finished breakfast and went down the drive to collect the post. They had a letterbox mounted in the stone gateposts, which meant that the postman didn't have to walk all the way to the door. She unlocked the letterbox and took the few letters out and skimmed through them. They were the usual collection of junk mail, bills and ... and a typed note on plain white paper.
"I can't get you out of my mind - you're the sexiest woman I have seen in a long time.
Your secret admirer."
Strange. Maybe it was some kind of joke. It was a bit weird though. She read it once more, scrunched the note up into a ball and threw it into the rubbish bin on her way back into the house. By the time Andrew returned from work, she'd forgotten about it completely.
A few days passed by before Katya received the second note. As soon as she realised what it was, she blushed and looked around, thinking she might catch someone spying on her. Of course there was no one to be seen and so she quickly tucked the note into the pocket of her jeans, gathered the rest of the post and walked back to the house. The driveway was only about 50 yards long but by the time she reached the front door and opened it, her mind was whirling with thoughts ... what had he written? Was it even a he? Should I tell Andrew? Am I scared? Do I need to be scared?
Truth be told, it was a little bit scary, but on the other hand it was also ... well, interesting. Curious now that she had reached the kitchen, Katya pulled the note out of her jeans pocket and flattened it out on the work surface.
"Yesterday I saw you walking around in that summer dress and kept thinking how nice it would be to slowly peel it up your thighs until I could see your panties. Or maybe you would even do it for me?
Would you? Would you like to flash your sexy knickers at me? I wonder if it would turn you on, knowing that you were exciting me?"
This time there was a P.S. "If you DON'T want me to stop, wear a pair of white trousers for me today."
Katya felt her mouth go dry. What should she do? She was a bit worried about the direction that this was going in and knew that she should tell Andrew and put a stop to this right away. The devil in her told her that it wasn't doing any harm and that she should just go along with it for a while. She could put a stop to it at any time she liked. The more she thought about it, the more she managed to convince herself that she was just having a little bit of harmless fun.
She tore the note into tiny pieces and threw the bits in the bin. Running upstairs before she could change her mind, she quickly tugged off her jeans and changed into a pair of plain white knickers and a pair of thin white cotton summer trousers. With her heart pumping, she walked back downstairs and went out into the garden. She had no idea whether he could see her or not and she didn't even know whether she wanted him to see her. She guessed that he was probably at work - unless he was out-of-work - but that still did nothing to stop the vague tingle of excitement that she felt.
***
When he finally got out of work, he was so nervous that he could hardly keep still. Would she be wearing the white trousers or not? Up until now everything had run just as he had planned it, but this was a major step. As he arrived at the house he saw her walking past the glass door. Yes! She was wearing them!
***
The evening arrived and her husband came home, but there was still no sign that her 'secret admirer' had seen her. Andrew behaved no differently from any other night and certainly didn't seem to notice that she had got changed. Well, that was probably a good thing! As she got undressed in the bathroom, she took off her white knickers and put them in the laundry basket. Unsurprisingly they were a little damp. She quickly pulled on her nightdress and went to bed.
'Good night.'
'Good night.'
***
The next day she awoke early and lay there in bed, wondering whether or not there would be another note waiting for her. Simply the thought that she was being watched made her tingle slightly with excitement. What on earth was wrong with her? The guy was probably 200kg and ugly! Still, there was always the chance that he was good-looking and the thought of some good-looking man watching her and writing those notes was definitely getting to her. Just as she thought about sneaking out of bed and checking the letterbox, the alarm went off, its horrible electric beeping making her jump and waking her husband beside her.
They got up, dressed and had breakfast together. Once Andrew had set off to work, Katya tidied up a little in the kitchen to give her husband enough time to be well on the way to work before walking out to the letterbox. With her heart pumping, she opened the mailbox to find a white envelope. With a little grin, she took the envelope and tucked it into the back pocket of her jeans before locking the letterbox again and heading back to the house. Once safely back in the kitchen, she ripped open the envelope to find a folded white A4 sheet of paper ... another note, this one typed:
"Thank you. I was very pleased and excited to see you wearing your white trousers for me. I particularly liked the fact that I could see your white panties through the material of the trousers ... that was a real turn on. I think we could have a lot of fun together!
Would you do me a big favour? Please put a pair of your panties on the table on the terrace for me. I'll return them to you of course ... although I can't guarantee that they'll be in the same condition as you left them in!"
Katya was shocked - he had to be joking! There was no way that she could leave a pair of her panties for him ... could she? What if Andrew caught her? Did he mean clean or used panties? Oh my God, what was she even thinking of?! She thought of the plain black cotton bikini style panties that she had put on that morning. They weren't exactly sexy. She couldn't believe that he would find them much of a turn-on. Maybe she should go ahead and do it? For once in her life, just do something completely out of character and take a risk? She was torn in two.
On the one hand she knew that it was crazy. She was happily married for goodness sake and nothing would ever come out of giving this pervert a buzz by giving him her panties. On the other hand, she was turned on and buzzing in excitement like she hadn't been for some time. This was turning into a real kick. That was when she decided that she was going to do it. In the blink of an eye, the decision was taken. It wasn't even a conscious decision, she just suddenly KNEW that she had to go ahead with this - just this one time - and do something totally crazy and risky for once. And she would enjoy doing it!
Having set her mind to it, she went upstairs to the bathroom and stripped off. She was aware of her stiff and aching nipples and knew also that she was getting damp with excitement. There was no way that she would be able to hold this out all day long. On the other hand, she didn't have much choice. She stepped under the shower and stood there for a moment, enjoying the hot water streaming down onto her body as she automatically cupped her breasts, gently squeezing her erect nipples, causing an ache of longing before she soaped herself all over and rinsed herself off again. Once she had dried herself, she walked into the bedroom and rifled through her underwear drawer, eventually settling on a pair of plain silk bikini panties in a metallic grey look. Slipping into them, she wondered whether she could actually go ahead with the proposal. It was only as she pulled on her top that she remembered that she had left the note lying on the work-surface in the kitchen. Christ! She would have to start being a bit more careful - these notes were dangerous!
As she walked down to the kitchen, she thought again about the notes. They would have to find a better way of communicating than this. Maybe she could leave a note for him with her panties. Maybe he had an idea what they could do ...
***
He spent the whole day thinking about her. He simply couldn't get her out of his mind. His hand had been trembling as he wrote the note. This was a big risk. On the other hand, what could really happen? The only thing that might happen is that she tore the note up and didn't react any more. So what? The painful hard-on that he'd been trying to hide all day was telling him a completely different story! He REALLY wanted her to follow his instructions...
The day dragged on and on until eventually he could go home and wait for the night to come. For the time when he would get his answer - one way or the other.
***
Katya was in a real mess by the time Andrew got back from work. Mid-afternoon, she had changed her panties again because she was so damp and had put the grey silk panties in a small plastic bag and hidden it in the sitting room so that she could quickly take them out of her hiding place and put them out onto the table outside as he had asked.
After an uneventful evening, they both went up to get changed for bed. Then Katya made her move. It was dark outside and she slipped out of the bedroom while Andrew was under the shower and headed downstairs. She quickly wrote a note on plain paper and then retrieved the plastic bag from its hiding place. Placing the note inside, she quietly opened the door to the terrace, took two steps out to the table, had a quick look around and then placed the 'present' on the table.
With her heart pounding, she shut the door and fled back upstairs to bed where she lay there nervously until Andrew came out.
'Oh, I forgot to tell you, I have to leave a bit earlier for work tomorrow.'
'What? When?' Katya was aghast.
'Oh, not so early, I need to leave just before 6am.'
'Er. OK. I'll get up with you.'
'Don't be silly! I'll just get changed and head off to work and grab a coffee when I get there.'
'Er, OK.'
'Good night!'
'Good night.'
He turned the light off.
6am. Would that give him time to collect the panties? On the other hand, if Andrew wasn't breakfasting, there was little chance that he would go into the sitting room, let alone see the panties on the table. It would still be a bit dark then. She lay there in the dark wondering whether she should get up and take her panties back. She would simply die if Andrew caught her!
It took a long time for her to get to sleep that night...
***
The next morning she awoke to the beeping of Andrew's alarm clock. It had been a restless night with very vivid dreams about her having to perform all sorts of acts in front of a stranger whose face remained hidden in shadows. In some of them, Andrew was also there watching her and even urging her on. As it was, she was exhausted and nervous. She debated quickly getting up and checking to see if her present was gone, but that would only have made Andrew suspicious. She never usually got up with him when he went to work early and she wanted to give him no reason to think there was anything unusual going on.
He walked out of the bathroom already dressed in his suit, gave her a quick kiss and said goodbye before heading downstairs. She listened to him as he got his shoes out of the cupboard and opened the door that led straight out into the garage. The next sound was even more reassuring. It was the sound of the electronic garage door opening - as slow as ever - and then once the door stopped, she heard the car door open and close and the motor start. She listened intently as the car pulled out of the garage and drove off, the automatic door to the garage closing behind it. She sighed with relief, waited a minute or two to be sure that the car wasn't going to come back and then rushed downstairs, opened the door to the terrace and peeked outside. Gone!
She slammed the door shut and leaned against it, her knees shivering in nervous tension. She took a few quick breaths and then rushed upstairs, flung herself into the bed and pulled the covers up over her face. As she lay there, one single thought kept circling through her head. She'd done it! She had actually gone and done it! She, the absolutely straight housewife had given a pair of her worn knickers to an absolute stranger! Her nipples stiffened in excitement. She thought about him picking them up, taking them out of the bag and feeling the soft silk between his fingers. She felt herself moisten and swell and slipped one hand down between her thighs. Maybe they were even still slightly damp! Then she thought about him holding them up to his face and rubbing his face in them, revelling in the feel of her silky panties against his face, breathing in the scent that they carried. Her scent. Her excitement. He would know now that she was excited by what he was making her do. What would he do now? How would he react?
Her finger slipped between her now wet and swollen lips and she started letting her middle finger move in small gentle circles over the nub of her clitoris. She was already close to climaxing, the excitement of the last few days had kept her bubbling along and now there was no holding back. As the first wave of her orgasm hit her, she pressed two fingers down hard against her clit and arched her back. Biting her lip to control herself she shuddered as the excitement subsided as quickly as it had arrived. What on earth was going on here? She had never come like that before! She flopped back onto the bed and closed her eyes. Before she knew what had happened, she had fallen asleep again. A deep dark sleep this time, undisturbed by any dreams.
***
With the plastic bag tucked safely in his pocket, he pulled into the underground car park at work. Checking first that no one was around, he pulled the plastic bag out of his pocket and slipped his hand inside. He reached in and pulled the grey silk bundle out. As he did so, a small white piece of folded paper fluttered out and landed on his lap. A note! He tucked it into his shirt pocket for later and opened the silk out until he could see the panties properly. They were of grey silk and had a lace front panel and had a narrow frilled rim along the legs and waist. Holding them up to his nose, he sniffed the silk and was rewarded with a heady mixture of Katya's perfume and her own scent. He was now convinced that she was also turned on by their 'game'. He certainly was - he already had an erection! What had she written? He was about to take the note out when he decided to leave it for now. He put the panties back in the plastic bag and hid them in the front compartment of the car.
He climbed out of the car, grabbed his bag and coat from the boot, locked the car and headed up to his office, draping the coat over his arm in front of him to hide his erection. Once in his office, he sat down at his desk and started up his laptop. Fortunately it was so early, that there was hardly anyone around. He took the note out and unfolded it.
"Here are my panties as promised. They may be a little damp as I wore them for you this morning! It is too dangerous to keep writing me notes - my husband might find one of them. Is there any other way that we can communicate?
Ps. What are you going to do with my panties?"
Yes! No sign of her not wanting to go along with it! She even wanted to talk to him! That was good, but difficult. The easiest thing to do would be to use email. He could create two anonymous email accounts. Then he would just need to give her the information that she needed to access her account. That would work. He quickly opened his browser and set up two accounts, calling hers doit4u16@ymail.com. The password was easy - grey silk! OK, now all he needed to do was to set up another account for himself and write instructions for her on how to access her account. He could hardly wait. He hid the note in the drawer of his desk and locked it, wondering how far she would be prepared to go.
***
Katya was beginning to get a bit worried. The whole day had passed and she now lay in bed in the dark wondering whether something had gone wrong. There had been nothing in the letterbox for her - she ought to know, she had certainly checked often enough! When she thought about it sensibly though, it seemed reasonable that he wasn't always able to respond so quickly. Anyway, she would rather he was cautious than risk making a mistake and Andrew finding out. Still, just the thought that there was a stranger out there somewhere with a pair of her panties, made her more than a little nervous and - she had to admit it - excited. With a sigh, she rolled over on her side and tried to free her mind of such ideas until she finally fell asleep.
She awoke the next morning to the sound of Andrew getting out of bed. She lay there quietly until he had finished in the bathroom and gone downstairs before getting up and having a quick shower. She dressed quickly and was just in time to kiss Andrew goodbye before he headed off to work. Once he had gone, she made herself a cup of coffee and sat there wondering how long it would take for her 'secret admirer' to get in contact with her again. Finally, she could wait no longer. She downed the rest of her coffee and went out to the letterbox. Opening it up, she grinned as she saw another note lying there. She snatched it out, locked the letterbox and headed back to the house. She wasn't even in through the front door when she opened the note and read it.
"Dear Katya,
Thank you for your panties - they really are very pretty and even still smell of you - lovely! I may tell you what I will do with them at some time but I agree with you, we need to find another way of communicating with one another. I have created an email account for you. You will need to go to the following site www.ymail.com and go to the 'free mail' page. I have created an account for you - doit4u16@ymail.com - with the password grey silk. If you log in with these, you will find a message waiting for you. I hope to hear from you soon.
Secret Admirer"
As soon as she had finished reading the note, she rushed upstairs and started her PC, cursing the Microsoft operating system that always seemed to take hours before it started (or even stopped!). As soon as it was ready, she logged in and started her browser. Within seconds she was opening her mail account. Sure enough, there was a mail from secret.admirer63@ymail.com. She clicked on it and opened it up.
"Welcome Katya!
At last we will be able to communicate with one another. I have to say that it is a big turn on having a pair of your worn panties here in my hand. I have been stiff all day thinking about the fact and about you. Will you do it again for me? I would love to have another pair of panties from you. Now that I know what size you wear, maybe I could even buy you some new ones as a replacement. Would you wear them for me?
Yours, secret admirer"
With trembling fingers, Katya clicked on the reply button and started to write.
"Hello secret admirer!
Who are you? Why have you chosen me? This all seems very one-sided ... I have done everything that you have asked, but I don't even know what you look like or what you are called.
I would like it if you bought me some more underwear, but before I do anything else for you, I want you to tell me what you have done or intend to do with my knickers."
Before she could change her mind, she clicked on send. So, now she just had to wait to see how he answered.
***
It was late afternoon before he had the chance to check the new mail account and even then he was a bit uncomfortable with the idea of doing it from work. He had no idea whether or not the mail traffic was screen or logged and would have great difficulties in explaining the type of mails that he was writing.
It seemed to take ages before the web mail page opened up. Sure enough, along with the usual spam, there was a new email waiting for him from doit4u16@ymail.com. He waited a few seconds, enjoying the nervous tension that he felt in anticipation of what Katya had written. Hopefully he wouldn't be disappointed.
Finally he clicked on the mail to open it ... and grinned. He read the mail through a couple of times, revelling in her response, especially her comment that he should buy her some underwear and then started typing ...
***
By the time she'd finished all of her chores, it was getting pretty late. Andrew would be arriving any minute now, but she was so curious that she decided to risk checking her mails to see if her 'secret admirer' had answered her mail or not. If the worse came to the worst, she could quickly shut off the PC. A few minutes later she was opening her mail to find one new message waiting for her. She quickly double-clicked it open and began to read.
"Thank you for writing to me so quickly - I was worried that you might not answer.
First of all, I will not tell you my name ... at least not for now. I think that it is better for now if we leave it like that. With regards to what I look like, I will send you a photo of me tonight if you like. I can't do it at work for obvious reasons.
Why did I choose you? Well to be fair, this is the first time that I have ever done anything like this and almost certainly the last time I ever will do. I chose you because I happen to think that you are one of - if not - the most attractive women I have ever seen in my life. You turn me on like crazy. Which kind of brings me to your next question. What am I going to do with your panties? That really is a good question, but I'm not sure that I am prepared to answer it yet in case I scare you off! But be warned, if you do want to know the answer, I will tell you the truth ... and in detail! You might not really want to know the answer! If you still want to know, then write me a quick email and I'll tell you the truth.
Talking of the truth, there is one question that I would like you to answer me (truthfully): does this 'game' turn you on?
I have decided that I will buy you some new panties but it may take a couple of days before I can get them to you. I hope you can wait!
I look forward to hearing from you again soon ... and maybe a new pair of panties??
Secret admirer
PS. Don't forget the panties for me"
Katya flushed red and clicked on the 'reply-to' button. Just as she did so, she heard the garage door opening. She quickly closed all the windows and shut down the PC again. Taking a few deep breaths to calm down again, she walked down the stairs and greeted him with a big kiss and a hug.
'How was everything at work today?'
'Oh, fine. The usual up's and down's. And how was your day?'
'Not so bad, thanks. Have you eaten?'
'Yes. I grabbed something at work. I'm going to have a quick shower and then crash out in front of the TV if that's OK with you.'
'Of course.'
As he disappeared upstairs, Katya thought briefly about quickly answering the mail, but decided that it was too risky. She would wait until he was entrenched in front of the TV and then she could go upstairs to her PC. There was no danger of her being disturbed. Once Andrew was watching TV, he would stay there for a good while.
One hour later and Andrew was watching television downstairs. Katya closed the sitting room door and headed swiftly upstairs and switched her PC on. Silently cursing the thing for taking so long to start, she finally managed to get back into her mail and started writing her reply.
"Hello!
I don't know how long I will be able to stay online tonight so forgive me if I have to disappear at short notice. Thank you for your mail. You have made me even more curious than ever. Now I really do want to know what you are going to do with my knickers. Please tell me!
About your question ... OK, if we are being really truthful, then yes, it does turn me on. I have to admit though that it is also very scary. Scary because I don't know who you are - you have the potential to ruin my marriage which is the last thing I want - but also scary because the whole thing is exciting. It's difficult to answer.
I look forward to having a picture of you! I don't know when I can give you some more of my knickers ... you have to answer my question first!"
With a simple click the mail was gone. Now all she could do was wait.
***
Sitting on his sofa, he plugged in his laptop. Ah, the wonders of WLAN! Perfect for idle buggers like him. Waking his laptop from hibernate, he was quickly online and opening his new mail account. Sure enough, there was a mail waiting for him. As he read what she'd written, his cock started stiffening once more. He'd been thinking about how to play this on the way back from work and now he knew just what he would reply. This would be the next 'make-or-break' point and he wondered how she would react to what he was about to do...
***
It was about 40 minutes later when the mail arrived. She could see that there was an attachment, so maybe he had kept his word and sent her his picture after all. She opened the mail and was just about to open the attachment when she saw the first line:
"DO NOT OPEN THE ATTACHMENT YET!
Before you open the attachment, I want you to do the following..."
There followed instructions on how to set up a Ymail chat account. She followed each step and finally after a little trial and error, she got the account up and running. To her surprise, nothing happened, so she looked back at her email.
"When you have got chat set up, I will be able to contact you and 'talk' to you in real time. Make sure that you only start it when you are alone. That way I will know when I can contact you and when not. Now, if you want to, you can open the attachment and tell me what you think! My user name is the same as my email address."
Wondering why he was making such a big deal of it, she clicked open the first attachment. A picture burst onto the screen, filling it completely. At first, she couldn't make out what she was seeing, other than that she was looking at grey shiny material - her panties. She scaled the size of the picture down and flushed bright red. On the screen was a close-up picture of her panties draped over a very hard penis! She nervously looked to the door, automatically checking that Andrew wasn't anywhere around.
This wasn't what she had expected at all! She couldn't believe what this guy was doing to her. She quickly switched to her chat program and gave in his name. As soon as the window opened, she typed in 'hello?' and clicked send.
'Hello there!'
'Hello! That wasn't what I was expecting at all!'
'I hope I haven't put you off for good?!'
'Er, no. I just...'
'Just?'
'Well, it was a bit of a surprise that's all.'
'Do you mind?'
'No, I don't think so.'
'Did you like the picture?'
Katya hesitated. Did she like it? That was a tough one to answer. Deep down inside her, a little voice cried out 'yes' but she was scared to admit it. On the other hand, she had already decided that she would like to be more adventurous and what better time than now, with a complete stranger? More text appeared on the screen.
'That bad huh?'
'No, it's OK. I'm thinking about your question ... the truth is that I guess I do like it.'
There! Now, she'd actually admitted it and it was out in the open.
'Would you like to see another one?'
Once again she blushed and checked the door. She could only hope to God that Andrew wouldn't walk in on her.
'Yes.'
A message appeared on the screen telling her that the user wanted to share photo's with her. She clicked on OK. To her surprise, another photo appeared, this one was tiny. She peered at it but couldn't make out very much at all.
'I can hardly see what it is showing - can you send it to me by mail again?'
'Click on the thumbnail, on the small picture'
She did so and the picture expanded to full size. This time the panties were pulled tight over the erect penis and a hand was clutching them around the stem of the erection. Nice hand with no wedding ring or other means of identification. The soft material of her panties pulled down over the penis, she could pretty much make out the shape of the head. Almost against her will, she could feel herself getting turned on again.
'Do you like it?'
'Yes'
'So do I get another pair of your panties?'
'OK'
'Tonight?'
'Maybe. I have to be careful!'
'OK. But please try! By the way, what are you wearing?'
'Do you mean right now?'
'Yes.'
'I'm wearing a pair of dark blue jeans and a pale pink T-shirt ...'
'Are they tight? The jeans?'
She grinned to herself. Cheeky bugger.
'Yes, very.'
'Nice! And what else are you wearing?'
For just a second she was confused by the casualness of the question. She grinned again.
'A white cotton bra - nothing very exciting I'm afraid - and pale blue socks.'
'No panties?'
'Yes, of course! And a pair of black cotton panties.'
'Are they damp?'
'You ask questions!!!!'
'Well?'
'Well, if you really must know ... yes, they are a little bit damp'
'That's good - I wouldn't want to be the only one turned on here...'
'Oh, I don't think that you need to worry on that count!'
'Would you do me a favour?'
'That depends. What do you want me to do?'
'Take off your bra - go bra-less for me.'
'What's the point in that? You can't see me!'
'True, but simply knowing that you are sitting there bra-less in a pale pink T-shirt for me ... with your stiff nipples visible through the material...'
'You shouldn't be talking to me like that!'
'Do you want me to stop?'
That made Katya stop for a second. The truth was that she was getting more and more turned on by this conversation and the fact that he was making lewd comments about her made it all the more exciting.
'Just a moment...'
She got up and walked to the door and quietly opened it. Peeking out, she made sure that no one was there. She could faintly hear the TV running downstairs. Good. She shut the door and walked back to the computer. Swiftly pulling her T-shirt up and over her head, she unclipped her bra and took it off. Her breasts tingled with excitement. Glancing down she had to grin; her nipples were indeed stiff, just as he had said they would be! She leant over the keyboard.
'Just so that you know, I have taken off my T-shirt and bra and am sitting here topless as I type this.'
'Wow, that is exciting! I would love to be watching you now! Are there any windows that I could look through :-) '
Katya suddenly grabbed her T-shirt and held it up over her breasts as she realised that she could indeed be seen from outside. She quickly slipped her T-shirt back on and tucked it in. She took a few breaths to calm down again.
'So now my T-shirt is back on again' She paused for a second. ' ... and my nipples are nice and stiff as you had hoped!'
'I'll let you into a secret ... you are not the only one who is stiff!'
'How about "if I show you mine you show me yours?"!'
She couldn't believe what she had just written!
'Fine by me!'
Katya thought quickly. Andrew was away the next evening travelling with work and wouldn't be back until the following day.'
'I don't have a camera with me and it is too dangerous at the moment because my husband is downstairs. How about tomorrow evening?'
'Er, that might work. I'm not sure yet.'
Suddenly she heard the door open downstairs.
'I've gotta go!'
She quickly switched off her PC and grabbed her bra from the desk and moved quickly but quietly out into the hall and down to the bedroom. Just as she got there Andrew came in.
'Hello, what have you been doing the whole time? I thought you'd come down to watch TV with me.
Katya could feel herself flushing. She turned to face the mirror above the washbasin.
'Oh, I was on the Internet and then I read.'
Just then Andrew looked at her with a gleam in his eye. Stepping behind her, he reached around and cupped her bra-less breasts in his hands.
'Mmm. Since when have you started wearing no bra? I've always wanted you to do that for me.'
Katya's already stiff nipples ached with pleasure as he played with them through the thin pink cotton. She leaned back against him, reaching behind her back to grab his bum and pull him closer to her. She tried to turn around to face him but he held her in place and slid one hand down to her crotch, cupping her pussy through her jeans.
'Andrew!'
'Open your trousers for me.'
Katya didn't care any more. She would do what ever he asked her to. She was so horny from her emails and the secret-admirers photo's that she needed some real relief and it suited her fine that her husband was in the mood too. She reached down with both hands and unbuckled her belt before undoing the buttons of her jeans. As soon as they were open, she started pushing them down and was soon joined by Andrew's free hand. After a short struggle, they were down far enough for him to cup her pussy through her panties.
'You're soaking!'
'God, yes! I'm feeling so horny!'
He let go of her for a second to drop to his knees behind her, where he proceeded to yank down her jeans so that she could step out of them. As soon as she had, he stood up and thrust his hand down inside her black cotton panties and slipped one finger between her swollen lips. Katya gasped with pleasure as the pad of his finger brushed over her clit. By the time he began lightly rubbing over her clit in small circles, she felt the tremor of an orgasm wash over and bit her tongue to stop herself crying out. Andrew felt her stiffen and smiled at her as her eyes opened in a mixture of shock and pleasure at her body's quick reaction.
'Wow! That was quick! You really were feeling horny, weren't you?'
'Were? I still am!'
With that, she span around and dropped down onto her knees in front of him. She quickly undid his trousers and pulled them down roughly, taking his pants with them and causing his erect cock to spring out in front of her.
'Careful baby, you don't want to...'
But that was as far as he got. Katya lowered her head and sank down greedily onto his erect cock, sliding her lips down his shaft until she felt the tip approach the back of her throat. Grabbing the base of his cock with one hand and cupping his balls with the other, she began to slowly bob up and down his shaft. Every time she pulled back, she would pause slightly until her lips were just around the base of his crown. Then she flicked her tongue over his tip, causing his cock to twitch in excitement. Within a few minutes, Katya felt the first twitches of his cock and knew that he was not far away.
Andrew could feel himself coming and called out to warn Katya, knowing that she never liked him to come in her mouth.
'Katya, careful! I can't hold back much longer!'
To his amazement, she pulled back until she was just holding the crown of his cock in her mouth. She wrapped her hand around his shaft and started masturbating him, his foreskin slipping over the crown of his cock as her tongue lapped away at him. This was more than he could take.
'Katya!'
His pent up excitement exploded out of him as he came. Katya pushed her head down onto his cock and felt his hot cum spurt out against the roof of her mouth. What was she doing?! She never normally enjoyed doing this, but she was so hot that her conscious self switched off and she revelled in the way his ejaculation slowly subsided and with it the spurts of cum that she swallowed down without a second thought. Only when it was all over did she open her eyes and pull away from Andrew, stunned by her own behaviour and turned on more than she had been in a long long time. She only hoped that Andrew wouldn't notice anything different about her.
As she got stiffly back to her feet, Andrew took her in the arms and made to kiss her.
'Andrew, no! I need to brush my teeth first!'
Ignoring her protests, he simply leaned forwards and kissed her, tasting his own cum on her tongue as he did so. After a while they broke apart again and she took him by the hand, leading him to bed. Yanking the duvet off the bed, they lay down next to one another. Katya arched her back to let Andrew pull her T-shirt off and then sighed as he bent forwards to take first one, then the other nipple between his lips and play with each one with his tongue. As he did so, he slipped his hand down between her thighs and cupped her pussy through her knickers. The black cotton was soaked through.
'Hmm, you're very wet tonight.'
'That's how you make me feel.'
He moved down to her thighs and peeled the sopping panties down and off her legs. As he went to spread her thighs so that he could kiss her there, she pushed him over onto his back and sat up.
'No. Tonight I want to ride you.'
She crouched with one leg either side of his hips and took hold of his cock with one hand, guiding it towards her sex. Now she lowered herself down until the tip of his swollen cock was nestled between her moist lips. He pushed up to meet her but she pulled away, keeping him nestled at the entrance to her quim. She starts rocking backwards and forwards, taking just the head of his cock inside her before pulling back again, but somehow managing to keep contact with him all the time. With each short movement, the soft swollen head rubs against her clit and soon she is close to coming.
Leaning back so that she can support herself with her hands, she starts thrusting down against Andrew's hard cock. With her eyes shut, she fantasises about her secret admirer, imagining him watching her. She imagined him playing with himself as he watches her, enjoying the way the skin at the top of her chest is rosy and sweat-covered, her small breasts bouncing in time with her thrusts. She sees his movements quicken as he gets closer to coming and enjoys the way he watches her ... she feels wanton, her legs spread and her pussy fully exposed to his view as she thrusts down onto her husbands hard cock. Suddenly it is all too much for her and her body explodes as she climaxes, her last thought being watching her secret admirer come for her.
She sags forwards and lay on top of Andrew, letting herself calm back down again. Once she had somewhat recovered, she kisses Andrew gently and rolls off onto her side and reaches out to turn off the light.
Embarrassed at her own thoughts, she reaches out to hold Andrew's hand.
'Good night.'
'Good night.'
***
The next day Katya slept in and awoke to find Andrew already gone. There was a note on the kitchen table thanking her for the previous evening and telling her that he would call her when he reached his hotel that evening. Although still slightly embarrassed at herself for fantasising whilst making love to her husband, she almost immediately felt the prick of curiosity and went upstairs to see if she has any new mail.
She was both relieved and excited to see that there was a mail waiting for her. It was short and to the point.
'Thank you for yesterday. I shall go out shopping today and see what I can find for you to wear. Can we chat this evening? If so, make sure that you have a web camera available - this time I want to see you too.'
Katya flushed red. He couldn't be serious - but he probably was! The big question was - could SHE go through with it? She felt a familiar tingle run through her as she rested her fingers on the keyboard.
'I'll see what I can do ... but I'm not promising anything. Don't forget to go shopping for me!'
She grinned and pressed the send key. So ... now she had the whole day to kill and was already feeling horny. She decided that she had to get out of the house and drove off into town to do her normal chores but found her mind constantly turning back to her secret admirer. Once she got back home, she packed away her shopping and looked at her watch. It was 4 p.m. - the day way starting to cool down but her body and mind were still afire. She made herself a cool drink and went out to the sun chair in the garden. As she lay there, she realised that she hadn't thought of her husband all day. The only thing she could think of was her secret admirer and what was going to happen later on that evening.
She felt the sun warming her through her T-shirt and light summer trousers and let her mind drift. Before she realised it, she was feeling really naughty and looked around her. The garden was fairly secluded and although the neighbours could - theoretically - look into the garden, she knew that they were seldom there at this time of day. With her heart pounding, she quickly pulled off her T-shirt and undid her trousers, sliding them off her legs, leaving her dressed in just a pair of pale blue cotton knickers and a skin-coloured bra. She dropped her clothes to one side and lay back.
She tried to convince herself that it was just like being dressed in a bikini, but the tingling in her pussy told her otherwise. On a wild whim, she sat up and undid her bra and dropped it with her other clothes before quickly lying back down with her breasts exposed. Her nipples immediately hardened and she closed her eyes as if she were asleep. The tightness in her nipples and the tingling of her pussy was getting stronger and stronger. She slipped one hand down and tweaked one nipple, sending streaks of excitement through her body. Unable to control herself, she led her hand glide down to her crotch, where she gently stroked herself through the thin cotton, which turned damp under her ministrations.
Suddenly she realised where she was and what she was doing. What if her neighbours saw her?! With a start, she sat up and looked around her, covering her breasts with one arm. Seeing that no one was around, she relaxed again and let her arms drop to her side. Her nipples stiffened in excitement as she sat there, naked from the waist upwards, dressed only in her pale blue panties. She snatched her clothes off the floor and picked them up before stopping for a second. Why not? With a grin, she looked around once again, making sure that she was alone before standing up in the middle of the garden. Holding her remaining clothes in one hand, she started to walk slowly and proudly back towards the house with her shoulders pulled back and her small breasts pushed out. Just for a second, she thought about stripping her panties off too and walking back naked before she chickened out. By the time she reached the house, her nipples were aching with excitement and her pussy was tingling with desire.
She raced upstairs and flung her clothes to the floor before flopping on the bed and closing her eyes. She thought about what she had just done and about the effect that it had had on her. She realised with more than a little surprise that she had almost WANTED to be seen as she had peeled off her clothes in the garden. The thought both scared and electrified her. She cupped one breast and felt her hard nipple between her fingers.
The pleasure that shot through her body was so intense that it was almost painful. With one hand she continued to tease and pinch her nipples slightly roughly and let the other hand slip down between her thighs. As the tips of her fingers made contact with her pubic mound, she slowed down to play with her neatly trimmed pubes before pushing down further. Her lips were swollen and slippery with her own excitement. She thought back to the way it had felt as she stood in the middle of her garden, dressed only in her pale blue panties. As her fingers gently stroked and circled her clit, she imagined herself leaving the rest of her clothes on the sun chair and standing there in just her panties. She teased herself, letting her fingers run along her sex lips, almost but not quite touching her clit as she stroked herself. She imagined how it would have felt to turn towards the neighbours' house and slowly peel down her knickers, slipping them down over her hips and thighs before letting them drop to her feet in a small bundle. Her excitement rose at the thought of being naked out in the garden where anyone could see and she felt the first ripple of an approaching orgasm. Suddenly she stopped, her nipples aching and her pussy tingling with excitement. She lay there with her heart pounding and shivered with excitement. She decided that she wanted to wait before relieving herself. She wanted to make sure that she was feeling horny when her secret admirer contacted her later that evening. After relaxing for a few seconds, she clambered off the bed and walked into the bathroom where she showered, relishing the feeling of the tepid water running over her face and body.
As she dried herself off with her towel, she thought about what she should wear and how far she was prepared to go that evening. Her thoughts rocketed from one extreme to another. One second, she thought that she would tell her secret admirer that she wasn't going to play along any longer. The next second, she imagined herself doing everything that he asked and loving every second of it. In the end she decided that she would just have to play the whole thing by ear. She went into the walk-in cupboard and started rifling through her clothes before settling on a short navy blue skirt and a white top with spaghetti string shoulder straps. She pulled open her undies drawer and finally settled on a matching panties/bra set in white silk. Nothing particularly special, but very nice to wear and still sexy. Once dressed, she looked at herself in the full-length mirror and giggled. She looked almost like a schoolgirl in uniform!
She headed off to the office and started up her PC. Once she had logged in, she checked that there were no new messages and then set about making sure that the web-cam was working properly. Having finally figured out how it worked, she played around to make sure that she could control how much her secret admirer could see of her and found a way of displaying her own image in a small separate window. Just as she was about to stop, a chat window popped open.
'Were you waiting for me? :-)'
She grinned.
'Pure coincidence!'
'Shame! Are you alone?'
'Yes. Did you go shopping?'
'I did indeed. Just like I promised.'
'So what did you buy me?'
'Not so fast! First I want to know what you are wearing.'
'Hmmm. You mean I have to tell you what panties I am wearing?'
'Well ... I wouldn't say no...'
She decided to tease him.
'It's a shame that you are so far away, otherwise I could SHOW you what I'm wearing...
'That sounds even better! So are you going to tell me or not?'
'No, I've decided that I am not going to tell you...'
' :-( '
'... I have decided to SHOW you instead!'
She clicked on the camera activation button and waited until her picture appeared on the small screen.
'Wow!'
'Do you like it?'
'Hey you look like a really sexy schoolgirl! What colour panties have you got on?'
'Want me to show you?'
'YES!'
'You show me yours and I'll show you mine ;-)'
'Deal!'
There was a short delay and then suddenly a picture of a man appeared on her screen. He was visible from the knee to mid-chest and wearing a pair of tight faded jeans and a tight white T-shirt. He was slim and sexy and Katya felt herself getting turned on as she watched him. She shifted uneasily in her chair.
'Take off your T-shirt for me.'
She watched as the figure pulled his T-shirt out of his jeans and peeled it off his body to reveal a tanned hairless chest. Yes, very nice.
'And now the jeans'
'OK, but first I want to see what you are wearing under that skirt.'
Katya swallowed nervously. Now was the moment of truth. She checked that the camera would capture her movements and then she lay back in the chair and slowly pulled up her pleated skirt to reveal her white silk panties.
'Very nice, but you need to reveal a little more than that ... I can hardly see your panties!'
Katya turned around and knelt on the chair before flipping her skirt up over her bum.
'That is MUCH better. What a cute bum and those bikini panties are just my thing ... although I prefer coloured ones myself.'
'Your turn!'
His fingers unbuttoned his tight jeans and then pushed them down his thighs, revealing a pair of thin, red, boy-shorts. Even now it was apparent that he was turned on by the situation and Katya flushed in embarrassment and excitement as she eyed his bulge. Text appeared on the screen.
'So now I really want to see your panties ... and how about taking your top off for me?'
Katya flushed red at the thought, but at the same time a wave of excitement coursed through her body. Her nipples were fully erect and she could clearly see them through the thin white top. She adjusted the camera so that it was pointing down towards her waist. Next she slid her shoulders back to rest against the back of her chair and then spread her legs as far as the chair would allow. In this position, her skirt was still covering her so she reached down with both hands and put them on her thighs, just below the rim of her skirt. Now she slowly inched her hands back up towards her hips, watching her own image as her white silk panties gradually came into view.
In the other window, she saw her secret admirer shift slightly to get more comfortable as his bulge grew bigger. She noticed how the bright red material had become shiny as it stretched over the head of his now obviously-erect cock. As she watched him swell in his boy-shorts, Katya felt another flush of excitement pass through her and decided to tease him a little more. She reached down to the zip at the side of her skirt and undid it before lifting her bum and pulling the skirt out from beneath her.
'That is MUCH better ... now I can see your panties properly!'
Katya flushed with excitement. This was really getting to her again, she could feel herself getting more and more turned on by the situation. She glanced back at the screen as more text appeared.
'Why don't your spread your legs for me Katya? I would really like to see your pussy under that white silk!'
Without a word of protest, Katya slowly spread her legs, watching on the screen as she saw the white silk pull tight against her pussy as her legs separated. She kept moving her legs apart until the outsides of her thighs were pressed against the armrests of the chair. On the screen, she saw how the silk shone under the lights of the office and noticed how the valley of her lips made a shadowy cleft running up her sex. With a flush of excitement, she felt her panties getting damp with excitement and suddenly she knew that she had gone too far. She was so excited that she knew that she would do whatever her secret admirer asked of her.
'What about taking your top off for me?'
Katya moved to sit up in the chair when more typing appeared on the screen.
'No wait. I have a better idea. I have a present for you.'
'A present?'
'Yes. In the usual place...'
'Wait a moment...'
Katya rushed downstairs and opened the sliding doors to the veranda. Lying on the wooden table was a small plastic bag. She picked it up and returned to the sitting room, pulling the door shut behind her. In the bag she could see some brown, grey and green material. She pulled the bag open and pulled out the contents, placing them on the nearby sitting-room table.
Picking up the brown-grey material and unfolding it, she saw that she was holding a pair of silk bikini-style panties and matching bra in her hands. Both items were lined with a narrow black-frilled fringe. The material was in a leopard-skin print and shone in the sunlight streaking in through the French windows to the terrace. She turned to the green underwear. As she unfurled the small bundle, she immediately saw that it consisted of a turquoise green thong and a small half-cup bra. However, that was not the only thing that was different about this underwear ... the material was so thin that it was almost completely see-through!
Once again she felt a thrill of excitement run through her and a wicked though popped into her head. Taking the undies with her, she walked out onto the terrace and cautiously checked if anyone was to be seen. Before she could back out again, she reached down and took hold of the bottom of her white top and peeled it up over her head. Immediately, she reached down and pulled down her soaking wet white silk panties and stood there for a moment, stark naked. With a grin, she lifted her arms out above her head and slowly spun around, aware that if anyone were watching, she would be offering them the perfect view of her naked body.
Taking hold of the green thong, she stepped into it and pulled it up. She now slipped into the bra and immediately noticed that the short half cups not only supported her small breasts, but also pushed them up slightly, making her cleavage appear slightly bigger than normal. The bra felt strange - she felt both dressed and undressed. The bra stopped just below her nipples, which jutted out erectly over the top of the green-blue material. Looking down, she noticed that the panties were effectively little more than window dressing - they were so transparent that they simply added a turquoise green hue to her neatly trimmed pubic mound that could clearly be seen through the material of her panties. One thing is for sure; she certainly knew why he had chosen THESE undies for her! She might just as well have been naked. On the other hand, wasn't that exactly what she planned to do anyway? She grinned and shimmied out of the green underwear and slipped into the other set.
This, by contrast, was almost conservative. It was a plain bikini-style matching twin set and although her nipples could clearly be seen jutting through the silk fabric, there was little else being exposed. On the other hand, the silky material on her wet pussy was doing little to calm her down and she knew that the panties were getting damper by the second. Time to go back and have some fun.
She went back up to the office, carrying the turquoise undies in her hand. With a quick glimpse at the screen to make sure he was still there, she moved over and sat down in the chair, zooming the camera in a bit so that her leopard-skin panties filled the screen. So far so good. They were no more revealing than her previous underwear and so she quickly spread her legs in front of the camera and watched how the material folded around her damp pussy to clearly highlight her swollen lips. She glanced over at the text that appeared on the screen.
'Very nice, just how I had imagined them!'
She zoomed the camera back so that he could now see the whole of her body. She became extremely aware of how her nipples had hardened under the silk-print of her bra and how her pussy was becoming damper and damper.
'Wow! How about the other set? Do I get to see them too?'
'Of course ... just a second...'
She clambered out of the chair and moved out of the sight of the camera lens. Stripping off, she picked up the turquoise green undies and pulled them on. In her current state, there was no denying that she was turned on. The material covering her pussy dampened immediately and clung to her moist lips. The material was now little more than a turquoise shimmer that highlighted rather than hid her swollen sex. The bra was little better. The soft material clung to her small curves and clearly revealed her nipples - this was almost like being naked! She paused for a second and then, avoiding the camera lens, she typed a message to her secret lover.
'Er, I'm not sure about this ... these are VERY revealing!'
She waited as the reply appeared on the screen.
'OK, how about if I help you with your decision?'
She watched the screen as his hands moved down to his red boxer shorts and slowly pulled them down, revealing his erect cock. Swollen was not the real word for what she saw ... he was fit to burst! She took in the shape and form, noting the swollen veins and the shiny purple head that was clearly gleaming with pre-cum. Now she knew for sure that she was not the only one that was turned on by the situation! Something went click inside her and she suddenly knew that she was going to take this a whole lot further ... there was nothing to stop her doing exactly what she wanted to with her secret lover. She would simply go with the flow and see where the journey took her!
She moved over and sat down in the seat, coyly keeping her thighs pressed together and keeping one arm covering her half-covered breasts. She was enjoying teasing him. This was fun.
'Hey, that's not fair! I can't see anything!'
'What would you LIKE to see?'
'Your panties for a start!'
'You mean like this?'
She opened her legs slightly so that just the turquoise green 'V' of her panties was visible in the shadow of her thighs.
'Not exactly ... maybe you could part your legs slightly?'
She spread her legs further so that a green-blue strip between her almost closed thighs appeared on the screen.
'That's getting better. How about if you spread your legs again like you did earlier?'
With a flush of excitement, Katya did just as he had asked and the wet material covering her mound was fully exposed to the camera. She felt another flush of excitement rush through her as she looked at her own image on the camera. The cleft of her pussy could be seen as a shadow under the transparent material, doing little to hide her sex from his view. She was just wondering what he was thinking when she saw a movement on the screen and flushed bright red as she watch his hand wrap around his cock shaft and then start stroking himself in front of the camera. Wow!
Some text appeared on the screen.
'That is just what I wanted to see. Do you shave your pussy? I can't tell - the quality of the picture is not good enough.'
'No, but I do trim my pubes. Why? Do you like shaved women?'
'Oh yes. I love it when a woman shaves her pussy.'
'Completely?'
Katya hooked her legs over the arms of her chair so that her panty-covered pussy was fully exposed to him. Without noticing what she was doing, she reached down and gently stroked herself through the thin material.
'Yes. I love a smooth pussy. Have you ever shaved yourself smooth?'
'Yes, just once.'
'And?'
'It was nice - I was constantly aware of being shaved because my panties or jeans were in constant contact with my ... my parts.'
'But?'
'No real 'but'. It itched like crazy when the hair started growing back again!'
':-)'
'Yeah - alright for you!'
'Would you shave yourself for me?'
'Er, I don't know. Yes, I guess. But how would I explain that to my husband? Would you like me to?'
'YES!! Do you really think your husband would object?'
'No, but I'll have to think up an excuse.'
She didn't even notice her slipping into future tense.
'That shouldn't be too difficult. Tell him you did it for him while you were turned on.'
'Hmmmm.'
'Now I want to see your breasts. Take your arm away.'
She simply did as he asked and let her arm drop to one side so that her bra-covered breasts could now be seen. Just as before, her nipples were clearly visible as they jutted over the thin rim of the half-cup bra. Katya decided to up the stakes and reached behind her to undo the bra completely and sat there wantonly, her legs hooked over the arms of the chair, her pussy hardly covered by the see-through material of her panties and her breasts completely on display. She smiled as she saw him stroke himself even faster, clearly turned on by what he was seeing.
Not moving her eyes from the screen, she slipped one hand inside her panties and touched herself. She gasped at the contact. Just the gentlest of contact had her clit pulsing with excitement and she realised that she was on the verge of climaxing. Her secret lover stopped his movements and she watched his cock pulsating rhythmically as the blood throbbed through his swollen manhood. It was then that she realised that he too was on the edge of cumming. She leaned forward and typed.
'I want to see you cum!'
'If you carry on like that, you will do!'
'No, I mean it. I want to watch you cum over your tummy.'
'I am really close to cumming - you turn me on so much. I wish I could cum over YOUR tummy instead!'
'That would be nice - I would like that. Watch me and cum...'
She brought her legs back down and lifted her hips so that she could slide the sopping wet piece of material down her legs. Naked now, she exposed herself to the camera and saw how her lips glistened in the light of the office under a light dusting of fair pubes. Her secret lover started wanking again and so she slipped one finger between her lips and started stroking herself in time to his movements. She was only moments away from cumming and was surprised when she saw him stop what he was doing and type something.
'Would you really like me to cum over you?'
She grinned and wrote back.
'Yes!'
'I would love to do that one day - to kneel between your thighs and cum over your shaven pussy...'
'That would be perfect - to have your cum trickling over my pussy ... of course I would have to shave first. As you can see :-)'
He took hold of his cock and started to jerk himself in short rapid movements. Not wanting to be left behind, Katya spread her legs for him and started masturbating and was rewarded with a stream of white cum which shot out and splattered over his tummy, closely followed by a second and third pulse. This was too much for her and she came herself, pushing her fingers hard against her clitoris as her thighs twitched uncontrollably.
A minute or two later as she calmed down again, she saw that his cock was beginning to soften and was surprised to realise that she felt no sense of embarrassment at all. She leant forwards.
'Thank you - that was really hot - we have to do that again some time.'
'Any time you want :-)'
'I have to see. It is not always easy...'
'That's OK, but do me a favour ...'
'What's that?'
'Shave yourself.'
She thought for a second.
'OK. Anything else?'
'Hmmm. Promise me that we will meet up one day?'
'I can't promise that!'
'Would you like to?'
She thought again, and then decided to be honest.
'Yes, but ... I don't want to hurt my husband. I DO love him - despite what we've just done.'
'I understand that. OK, then let's see how things go. When can I see you again?'
'I don't know. As soon as I do, I'll let you know.'
'OK. I think I have to go and get cleaned up. Bye for now ... and thank you.'
'Good night. I enjoyed it too. Sweet dreams.'
With that the screen went blank. Katya switched the PC off and picked up the bundle of damp underwear. Walking out of the office, she switched off the light and went down the corridor to the bathroom, where she ran a bath and dropped the undies in the laundry bin. She took a safety razor and Andrew's shaving foam from the bathroom cabinet and lay them on the edge of the bath. She poured some bath foam into the running water and mixed the water with her hand until the temperature was just right. She climbed in and sank into the hot water, feeling herself relax as the warmth seeped into her muscles. She closed her eyes and thought back to what she had just done. That was the moment when she decided that she really was going to shave herself for him. Andrew was unlikely to complain - he had always dropped (sometimes unsubtle) hints about shaven pussies, so it shouldn't be too difficult to convince him.
She climbed out of the bath and sat down on the rim. Shaking the Nivea shaving foam, she sprayed some of the foam into the palm of her left hand and then used the fingertips of her right hand to smooth the foam evenly over her pubic mound. Rinsing the foam off her hands she dried them on the nearby towel and then picked up the safety razor. Cautiously at first, she started tugging the blade gently through her pubes, moving slowly towards her valley and rinsing the blade off at regular intervals. She felt the blade nagging on the thicker pubes over her slit and wondered whether she shouldn't have trimmed them short with a pair of scissors first. Too late now, she thought. Spreading her thighs even further, she worked down between her thighs and felt the familiar tingle of excitement as she carefully shaved her swollen lips. As she drew the blade over the last patch of foam, she sank into the water and rinsed herself thoroughly before running her fingers over her freshly shaved pubis. It felt slippery and smooth but she noticed a few prickles of stubble, which she quickly removed with the razor until she was satisfied with the result. Climbing out of the bath, she rubbed herself dry and then smeared herself with a lightly scented body lotion, paying particular attention to her pussy.
Still naked, she walked into the bathroom and stood in front of the full-length mirror. She looked at herself critically. The skin under her now-shaven pubes was lighter than the rest of her so that she had a pale 'v' at the junction of her thighs. She decided that she looked like a pre-pubescent girl - her smooth mound hid nothing and she examined her swollen lips with interest. As she continued to inspect herself, she realised that she liked the look. There was definitely something thrilling about being smoothly shaved - and it had nothing to do with the girly look. It was the taboo factor. She felt naughtily exposed and precocious.
A thought occurred to her. She went into the walk-in cupboard and started rifling through her clothes. It had to be here somewhere. There! She pulled out her old pleated tennis skirt and smoothed it out. Her figure was pretty much unchanged, so she should still fit into it. Grabbing a pair of white lace panties, she slipped them on and then wrapped the tennis skirt around her. It was a little tight, but she still managed to get the button and zip done up without too much problem. She walked out and looked at herself in the full-length mirror. Wow! The skirt was much shorter than it used to be - she had obviously grown since she last wore it. It didn't even reach half way down her thighs any more. In fact, if she move too quickly in any direction, she was almost certain to give anyone watching, a flash of her undies.
The only thing that was missing was the blouse. She quickly found her thin white blouse and pulled it on, buttoning it up before walking back to the mirror.
What she now saw made her giggle out loud: The perfect schoolgirl.
Her bra-less nipples were hard light brown stubs poking out through the cotton of her blouse. Standing in front of the full-length mirror she turned around and placed the flats of her hands on the bed. Looking over her shoulder, she was pleased to see that the bottom half of her white panties were clearly on display below the grey pleats of her 'school' skirt. She spread her legs and saw how the material of her panties adopted the shape of her shaven pussy so that it was almost like a second skin. She imagined how Andrew or her secret lover would react if they saw her like this ...or maybe BOTH of them together? That would be hot! She slipped one hand down between her thighs and started stroking herself, imagining how she would tease them. Her panties were sopping wet and so she started to rub the wet lace harder and looked over her shoulder into the mirror. She could see the tips of her two middle fingers disappearing into the fold of her pussy, taking the white lace with them. Closing her eyes, she imagined her secret lover and Andrew naked, kneeling on the floor behind her. She pictured them masturbating as they looked up to watch her. This thought brought her close to coming and she imagined them tugging her panties down and rolling her over onto her back before taking turns to screw her as the other one watched on and masturbated at the scene in front of him. This was all too much. She thrust her hand down inside her knickers and flopped onto the bed, burying her face in the soft material of the duvet as she frantically rubbed her erect clitoris. Within seconds it was all over. She slowly came back to normality and heaved herself off the bed. Where was this all leading to?
***
By the time Andrew got back later that day, Katya had recovered from her escapades. She greeted him at the door, dressed in a pair of tight faded jeans and a pale pink top with spaghetti straps over the shoulders. Seeing that she was braless, Andrew grinned and cupped a breast in one hand as he kissed her.
'Now THAT is the kind of welcome I could get used to!'
'Down boy! There's plenty of time for that later.'
'Later?'
'Yes, later. If you're feeling frisky, then go and take a long shower - I want you nice and clean when I see you again.'
'Fine by me!'
He started off up the stairs.
'When you're ready, come down and take a seat on the terrace - naked - I have something planned for you.'
He looked down at her with a combination of lusty grin and perplexed curiosity. Then he turned and headed off up to the bathroom. Katya waited until she could hear the water running before going upstairs. She entered the walk-in cupboard and quickly got changed into her 'school uniform' this time wearing a pair of plain grey thin cotton panties under her skirt. Before she left, she bound her blonde hair into a ponytail (it was only just long enough) and then sneaked back downstairs again.
From the pantry, she took the washing basket that she had hidden there earlier and carried it out onto the terrace. The basket was full of her underwear and was part of the show that she had got planned.
Earlier that afternoon, her thoughts kept coming back to the idea of the two men watching her move around in her short skirt. She finally came up with an idea to surprise Andrew. She had erected a 'washing line' on the terrace and pulled the leather 'psychiatrists lounger' out in front of it. If you sat on the lounger, you were almost lying down and much lower than in a normal chair. This way, Andrew should get more than just an eyeful as she hung out the washing in front of him. The only question was how he would react, especially when he saw her shaved pussy. She didn't think that would be an immediate problem, but she did wonder whether any difficult questions would follow. Well, it was too late for that now. All she could do was wait.
She didn't have to wait long. After a few minutes she heard Andrew coming down the stairs and she quickly slipped on a dressing gown that she had brought with her. As Andrew arrived, his cock was already beginning to swell. She motioned to the lounger and looked pointedly at his groin.
'I hope you haven't been playing around upstairs?'
'No.'
'Good, you will need your strength.' She grinned. 'I want you to lie there and enjoy the show. You can touch yourself but you mustn't come!'
Andrew sat there speechless and grinned like an idiot. With a smile, Katya undid the belt of her bathrobe and dropped it to one side to reveal her schoolgirl outfit - her white knee socks finishing off the perfect schoolgirl look.
'Bloody hell Katya, you look awesome!'
'Thank you! So, why don't you just relax, while I hang out my washing?'
She turned her back to him and stood facing the garden, the washing basket at her feet. Keeping her legs straight, she bent at the waist and selected a pair of pale blue transparent panties. In doing so, the back of her skirt rose up and gave Andrew a flash of her grey cotton panties.
'Very nice!'
She grinned to herself. Her plan was working just as she had hoped. This time she spread her legs slightly and once again bent down, this time rummaging around in the basket before pulling out a pair of bright orange stretch bikini panties. She turned around and held them up to him.
'What do you think? The aren't exactly the type of panties that a schoolgirl should wear are they?'
Despite his exposed erection, Andrew still managed to blush.
'Well, I wouldn't mind seeing schoolgirls wear those either.'
'In preference to these, you mean?'
She pulled up the front of her skirt and exposed her pale grey cotton panties to him. She knew that she was wet and was pretty certain that he would be able to see the damp patch on the thin grey cotton.
'Er, well those are ALSO nice...'
'Hmm, let me put it this way...' she hung the orange panties on the line and picked out a pair of transparent white panties from the basket. 'Should I put these on instead?
'Yes!'
His hopes were to be dashed as she carefully pulled off her grey cotton panties and slipped on the white ones without letting him see anything. She grinned to herself. This was fun! She turned back to the basket and spread her legs even further before bending down and ... taking her time ... chose a pair of bright red bikini briefs. She knew that he was staring at her and wondered whether he had already guessed that she was shaven underneath.
So, now it was time to move to phase two of her plan. She bent down and pulled a blanket out of the basket and spread it out on the terrace in front of her before dropping the red bikini panties onto it.
'What are you doing now?'
'Just wait and see ... you'll enjoy it - I promise!'
With that, she reached down and picked up the digital camera that she had placed in the basket. Handing it to Andrew, she turned and knelt down on the blanket facing him.
'You can get off the stool now - but no touching! And you have to give me the camera afterwards - they are MY photo's!'
'Er, OK, it's a deal.'
Andrew leapt off the chair, his erect cock bouncing in front of him. He switched the camera on and pointed it at her. She grinned.
'So, now all you have to do is tell me how you want me.'
'Lie on you back and spread your legs.'
'Like this?'
She lay back with her legs spread slightly. In doing so, her skirt rode up over her thighs so that a small white 'v' was visible. Andrew started taking photos of her.
'Pull your skirt up higher!'
She did as she was told, slowly inching her skirt up over her pubic mound until her panties were fully exposed. Amidst a flurry of clicks from the camera, he suddenly blurted out: 'Have you shaved your pussy?'
The moment of truth had come.
'Yes. Do you like it?'
'Like it? I love it! I can see your lips through those panties of yours ... pull them up a bit for me.'
For a moment she was confused and then she realised what he wanted. She reached down and pulled the white bikini panties up until the side straps were high over her hips and the material was pulled tight over her pussy. The perfect 'camel-toe'.
More camera clicks followed.
'Now pull them off ... slowly!'
Katya slowly eased the wet panties down, exposing more and more of her shaven pubic mound, each time accompanied by a barrage of camera clicks. Finally she slipped them down her thighs and off over her feet before dropping them to one side. She looked up at Andrew. His face was hidden by the camera, which was more than she could say for his erect cock which stood out proudly in front of him, its purple head glistening with pre-cum, a drop of which gathered like a Perl at its tip.
'Like what you see?'
She grinned. She spread her legs again; very aware of how her swollen pussy was in full view of the regularly clicking camera.
'No kidding!'
Andrew knelt down between her legs and put the camera to one side.
'No, this is for me. I told you, no touching.'
With a disappointed and rather frustrated expression on his face, Andrew murmured something like 'OK' and moved back a little. With this, Katya reached over and picked up the red bikini-style panties and slipped them on. Lying back onto the blanket, she motioned to the camera.
'Now, it's my turn to take some photo's.'
'OK, just a few more.'
He took a few photos of her lying topless in her red panties.
'One last pic - I want one of you sucking my cock.'
Katya grinned inwardly. Her secret admirer would certainly get a kick out of THAT. She moved over and knelt in front of Andrew. Taking his swollen cock in one hand, she leaned forwards and took him in her mouth. She tasted the slight saltiness of his pre-cum as she ran her tongue over the tip of his cock. With her eyes shut, she focussed on the pleasure that she was giving him, only dimly aware of the clicks of the camera. Finally she pulled back and lay down in front of him, pulling him down between her legs. Taking the camera from him, she focussed on his cock.
'Wank for me!'
Andrew took his cock in his right hand and started slowly stroking himself in front of her. She took several photos until she could see that he was close to coming.
'Cum over my panties, Andrew!'
Kneeling between her thighs with his hips thrust forward, he started stroking faster.
'Katya, I'm going to ... to...'
She pressed and held the camera button, shooting a series of automatic photo's as he ejaculated. She saw how his cum sprayed out in three main bursts, each of which splattered down onto her panties leaving small puddles of smoky-white cum on her pantie covered pussy. As his orgasm subsided, she took a bunch of photos of herself before handing him the camera, so that he could do the same. Almost without realising it, she slipped one hand down between her thighs and under the red cotton material of her panties.
Her smoothly shaven pussy felt different but the second her finger brushed her clit, she jumped with excitement. She was so incredibly sensitive. She teased herself with her fingers until she came with a wave of pleasure that shocked her. What was going on here? Was it doing this with Andrew or was it the thought of her secret admirer seeing the photo's that made her so hot? She didn't really care - it felt fantastic.
***
An hour later and freshly showered, she lay in bed next to Andrew and looked at the photos that they had just taken. Whilst she had showered, Andrew had copied the photos from the camera onto his laptop. She lay on her tummy on top of the bed covers and was not only surprised at the quality of the photo's the little camera had taken, but was also very pleased and excited by the results. What she hadn't thought about was that Andrew took the photo's from a man's perspective and as a result, they were very much more lurid and erotic than she had hoped. They clicked from picture to picture and as they reached the photo's of her with the white bikini panties pulled up tight, she saw the camel toe that she had created, the thin white - and damp - material spreading her swollen pussy lips in front of the camera. The result was not only slutty; it was also incredibly erotic. She could feel herself getting excited again and wondered what Andrew was thinking.
'Get up on your hands and knees!'
I guess that answers the question! She thought as she knelt on the bed in front of the laptop, her elbows on the bed and her bum and pussy pushed up in the air. She felt Andrew place the tip of his cock between her lips and then gasped as he thrust hard. Normally he was a very caring - even cautious - lover but this was something completely different. He started fucking her. There was no other word for it. This wasn't making love or even screwing her, this was just a simple fuck - and all for his pleasure. Well, not quite. Katya clicked to the next photo. This time she was wearing the red panties and her legs were spread for a close-up photo of her crotch. She wondered what her secret lover would think when he saw it. Would he want to fuck her like Andrew was fucking her? For a second, she thought what it would be like to be taken by both of them, one after another. Her thoughts were interrupted by Andrew's short gasping breaths - a sure sign that he was about to come. She quickly flicked through to the last photos.
'Andrew! Look at your cum on my red panties - do you like that?'
'Oh God, yes!'
'I can't believe you're hard again - I can hardly believe that you came so recently over my red cotton panties -'
'I'm going to cum again soon - you turn me on so much. Perhaps you only think that I came earlier -'
'Then whose cum is that?' She pointed with her nose at the screen of the laptop.
'Maybe it's someone else's cum? Maybe you let another man cum over you?'
'Mmmm, yes, I think you're right. I remember now - he wanted to fuck me but I wouldn't let him. I wanted to wait for you.'
'Good girl.'
'But he so wanted to cum. So I helped him out a little by giving him a panty show.'
'God, I'm close now!'
Katya felt his thrusts become more urgent. He pumped into her hard and she felt the tip of his cock against the entrance to her womb.'
'I told him he could cum over me if he wanted and so he did - all over my fresh red cotton panties! Look at the mess he made!'
With a groan and one last thrust, Andrew came, grabbing her hips and pulling her against him as he did so. As his climax gradually subsided, they sank to the bed, still locked to one another. Katya closed the laptop and lay it on the floor before flicking off the bedside lamp and plunging the room into darkness.
The next thing she knew, it was light She heard the sound of the shower running in the bathroom and slowly came to her senses. Her pussy felt puffed and raw from the unexpectedly direct sex that they'd had the night before but the fact was that she felt good. In fact she felt very good. So good that she decided there and then that she was going to meet up with her secret admirer and make him cum over her. Suddenly, a thought occurred to her. She clambered out of bed and pulled a dressing gown on before going into the bathroom. Andrew was standing naked at the sink, brushing his teeth.
'Morning!'
'Morning! Sleep well?'
'Yes, thank you and you?'
'Oh, yes. Andrew, before you go to work, would you do me a favour please? Would you copy the photo's to a CD and delete them from your laptop?'
Andrew grinned. 'Sure.'
'I mean it, Andrew. I don't want those photo's on your laptop!'
'OK. I promised to delete them and I will do - on one condition - that we do it again some time.'
Now Katya was the one to grin.
'OK. That sounds like a deal.'
With that, she stripped off her dressing gown and went into the shower. Thirty minutes later, showered and dressed in jeans and a T-shirt, Katya headed downstairs to make herself a cup of coffee. Andrew was almost ready to leave for work and handed her a CD before kissing her briefly and heading off for the garage.
'See you later and don't do anything with that CD that I wouldn't do!' He laughed as the door to the garage closed behind him.
A few seconds later the car pulled out of the garage and down the drive, leaving Katya in the empty house. She quickly showered and brushed her teeth before going downstairs to make herself a cup of coffee, dressed in her dressing gown and a pair of plain black cotton panties underneath. Sitting at the kitchen table, she sipped at her coffee and pulled the newspaper over to read. A few minutes later she gave up, unable to concentrate. She finally gave up, downed the rest of her now tepid coffee in one go and went back upstairs to the bedroom where she picked up the CD again. Walking through to the office, she powered up her PC and loaded the CD before copying the photos onto the hard disk.
She slowly clicked through the pics, one by one until she had selected four pictures - two of her wearing her transparent white panties and the other two of the red bikini panties. The last one of which was the one where she was covered with Andrew's cum. Zipping the photo's she loaded the file into a new mail and wrote:
'Dear secret admirer, I have attached a few pics for you - I hope you enjoy them! I have also come to a decision - I want to do more than just write notes. If it's not too early, my husband is away the day after tomorrow for two nights. Maybe we could meet up? But not here! Let me know what you think.'
Before she could lose her nerve, Katya click on the send button and then sat there for a second thinking about what she had just done. Could she really go through with it? If she was honest to herself, the answer was yes. She wondered what her secret admirer would want her to do - or even whether he would want to do anything. When she thought about all that he had said and done though, she was pretty certain of his reaction. At least she wouldn't make a fool of herself.
Every half an hour she went and checked to see if he had replied. The hours slowly crept past until finally at almost 4pm she saw what she had been waiting for - a mail from her secret admirer. She opened it, bursting with curiosity.
'Dear Katya, yes, I do want to meet up! I will arrange everything for the day after tomorrow. Are you sure you want to do this? If you aren't, then don't feel that you have to do anything. I would understand. Really. I'll contact you again soon. Thank you for the photos - they're amazing! Bye for now.'
With her heart pounding, Katya thought about what she had done. My God, what would he expect of her? Was he expecting to have sex with her? She hoped not, because she certainly wasn't to go that far. She walked downstairs and sat at the table, lost in her own thoughts. How far would she go? She would certainly let him see her naked - he'd seen everything on the web-camera anyway. She would also let him touch her, well, her breasts at least. Maybe more. And he could cum over her too. She would even help him by stroking...
She jerked back into reality with a start as the front door slammed shut.
'Sorry! The wind caught the door!'
It was Andrew, returning from work. She went to greet him and then headed up to the office as he went to get showered and changed. Twenty minutes later he called out that he was going downstairs to watch a bit of TV and grab a beer. She sat there wondering whether she could go through with her plan. Just as she was going to pack her things together and turn off the computer, a chat window popped up. Her secret admirer!
'Hi there. You OK to chat?'
She glanced instinctively at the door and listened carefully. She could just make out the sound of some kind of sports match on the TV downstairs.
'Yes, I think so. I may have to quit suddenly though. My husband's here and...'
'OK, no problem. I have arranged everything and thought how it will work.'
Her heart started thumping wildly.
'And?'
He typed out the name of a rather posh hotel in town. It was about 30 minutes drive and pretty anonymous - full of business people.
'I need to protect my anonymity (for now). I hope you understand. I will send you the room number when I have checked in. We'll meet at 15:00 the day after tomorrow - OK?'
'Yes - so far ... and then?'
'When you arrive, go straight to the room and knock twice. I'll hand you a blindfold.'
'?'
Katya wondered where this was going. This was getting kinkier by the second.
'You put the blindfold on and then I'll open the door and lead you in. Can you live with that? You'll need to trust me.'
'Considering I have played with myself in front of you on camera, I think that will be the least of my problems. But: no pain and no sex!'
'Of course not (the pain) - and the no sex we had already agreed on. If I start doing anything that makes you feel uncomfortable, I'll stop immediately. We need to have a code word for stopping.'
'How about "pineapple"?'
'LOL. OK, pineapple it is.'
Katya grinned.
'And afterwards, we basically do it the other way around. I'll lead you into the bathroom where you can get cleaned up and I'll get dressed and leave. When you hear the door close, you'll know to come out and get changed. Can you live with that?'
'I guess so, though I do admit that I am very nervous about the whole thing.'
'I understand, but can only assure you again that I will do nothing that you don't want me to.'
THAT might just be the problem she thought.
'OK. What do you want me to wear?'
'As little as possible!!'
'Ha ha. OK, then I'll choose something nice for you.'
'Good.'
'You want me to wear panties I guess?'
'YES'
'Hmm. OK, then I'll find something nice and transparent for you ...'
'What are you wearing now?'
'Plain black cotton panties today, nothing special I'm afraid.'
She glanced at the door and then, on whim, she pulled her skirt up and clicked on the camera button.'
'See?'
'Mmmm, I like those too. Turn around and show me your bum'
She did as she was told and felt herself getting damp again. She turned back to the camera.
'Like those?'
'Oh yes. How about if you pull them to one side for me?'
She slipped one finger under the gusset and tugged the material to one side, exposing her swollen and rapidly dampening lips. Sitting back in the chair and spreading her legs, she slid one finger lasciviously up the length of her pussy before starting to stroke herself. She closed her eyes and imagined doing it in front of him in real life, watching him stiffen and then pull his cock out of his jeans in front of her.
She heard a door bang downstairs and tugged her skirt back down before quickly typing a last message.
'I'll be there but first I'm going to fuck my husband and I'll be thinking of you while I do it! Bye.'
She closed the program down before he could answer and then turned the computer off. AdAndrewg her knickers, she opened the office door but Andrew was still downstairs. Now however, she was feeling horny and needed some relief. She pulled off her top and bra and rolled the elasticised waistband over and over until her skirt only came down to the crotch of her now very moist panties. Walking down the stairs, she checked that no one was outside before slipping past the front door and into the sitting room where Andrew was watching TV.
He looked over at her and froze before a big grin spread over his face.
'Do you really want to watch football?'
His hand grabbed the remote control without taking his eyes off her as he turned the TV off.
'Football? What football?'
With a big grin, Katya walked over to the dining table and turned to face him, leaning against the table with her bum. Without taking her eyes off him, she slowly pulled her skirt up, exposing her black knickers that were now sopping wet. Without saying a word, she reached down and pulled the moist black cotton gusset to one side, exposing her shaven and swollen pussy to him. As she did so, she thought back to how she had just done the same for her secret admirer. A tingle of excitement shot through her: If all went well, she would be doing that for real in just a few hours time! For just a second she felt a pang of bad conscience, which disappeared almost instantly as she saw the excitement in Andrew's eyes. Turning her back to him, she bent forward over the table and pulled her skirt up over her back, pressing her naked breasts against the cool wooden polished surface. This served only to heighten her excitement as her nipples instantly stiffened at the contact with the cold tabletop. She looked over her shoulder at Andrew who was now standing behind her and struggling to get out of his trousers. Suddenly he shoved down the undone trousers together with his pants and his cock sprung to attention; hard and throbbing, it's head swollen purple with excitement. Andrew reached out to take hold of the waistband of her panties but before he could pull them down, she sputtered:
'No! Rip them off me and then just fuck me!'
She could hardly believe what she had just said, but the effect was instantaneous. It was as if a switch had been thrown in Andrew's brain. Without the slightest hesitation, he grabbed the top of her panties at the back and held the thin material in a tight fist. Suddenly he yanked his fist down and away from her body. She felt the material burning briefly against her crotch before a ripping sound announced that the cotton had given way. She instantly felt how the material around her right thigh gave way and then the tattered panties were left hanging around her left leg. Before she had time to realise what was happening, Andrew had pushed her down onto the table, spread her legs and then thrust into her in one swift smooth movement. She gasped in pleasure and surprise as his thick cock filled her tight wet pussy before being pulled back until only the top of his cock was between her lips. Once again he thrust deep into her. This time however, she was ready for him and pushed back against him so that her bum collided with his tummy.
'That's what I need! Fuck me ... harder!'
He thrust into her time and again and Katya felt his hand push her harder against the wooden tabletop. Her mind kept turning to images of her being taken by her secret admirer and as she imagined being ravished by him, she spread her legs further. He seemed to pick up the pace and take her harder than before. In her mind she saw herself being fucked over the table, her lover thrusting into her helplessly exposed body. Suddenly she was ripped out of her fantasy world by Andrew pulling out of her and waiting, his cock head just nuzzling her pussy lips. She squirmed in an attempt to push back onto him but he held her tight.
'Don't stop now! I'm so close...'
'Tell me what you were thinking!'
Katya flushed bright red, thankful that her face was turned towards the table.
'Er, nothing.'
'Tell me a fantasy ...'
'Oh, Well ... er ...'
He eased his swollen cock slowly back into her and talked to her in a coaxing voice.
'Just tell me something horny ... '
'Er, OK, but I'm not very good at this.'
'It doesn't matter. Just tell me something to turn me on even more.'
'OK. Then I imagine us being watched while we're doing it ...'
'Watched? By whom?'
'A group of men ...'
He slowly eased into her and Katya felt herself relax as she closed her eyes and got into her story.
'They're ... naked.'
'Mmmm ... sounds good. Are they turned on?'
'Yes. They are all erect.'
'And then?'
'They ... er start ... playing with themselves, while we do it ...'
'Does it turn you on when they do that? Knowing that they are thinking of you?'
'Oh, yes.'
'I bet they all want to screw you too ...'
'Mmmm. Do you think so?'
'Oh, yes, definitely. That's why they're all hard.'
'Hmmm. That's a nice thought ...'
'Them thinking of you or them wanting to screw you?'
'Both!
Now Andrew was thrusting harder and faster again as he got more turned on. It was also having the same effect on Katya.
'Maybe they're just waiting their turn?'
'Their turn?'
'Yes ...'
'To ... to er screw me?'
'Yes. Waiting for me to come so that they can screw you too.'
'Oh! But I'd be full of come!'
'All the better ... that won't stop them.'
'Would I have to screw all of them?'
'Yes, one after the other until they all come inside you ...'
'Oh, Andrew, I'm going to come soon ...'
'Me too!'
'Would you watch them ... whilst they ...?'
'While they what?'
'While they take me ... bent over the table ...'
'Would you want me too?'
'Yes! Oh, God, Andrew I'm coming, ye-es!!'
His next thrust took her over the edge and her orgasm shook through her body as he continued to screw her from behind. As she recovered somewhat, she felt how close he was to coming too.
'That's it Andrew, come for me - come in me.' Her mind was still full of their fantasy. 'Come in my come-filled pussy!'
She felt how his body shivered with excitement at her words and continued.
'Would you do that? Would you ...'
'What?'
'Would you screw me once they had all finished with me?'
'Oh, yes. I'd be as hard as I am now.'
'I'd need that afterwards. I'd need a real cock - a trusted cock inside me.'
'Yes, I'd want to have you again too.'
'Then screw your come-filled wife ... feel how wet I am from their come.'
His movements were becoming more erratic, less controlled than before. A sure sign that he was about to climax.
'They are all still watching us ... watching you take me ... watching you ... fuck me over the table!'
That was finally more than Andrew could take. With one last thrust, he pushed deep into her and came, his jism exploding out inside her, filling her in several hot wet pulses and he collapsed onto her back as the sexual tension seeped out of him.
For a moment there was silence. Two hot sweaty bodies united across a wooden tabletop. Slowly, they started to disentangle themselves before gathering up their clothes and heading upstairs to shower off. Neither of them said a word about what they had just talked about. Each was locked in their own thoughts about what they had both imagined and how this might change their relationship.
***
Finally the big day arrived. After a late breakfast together, Katya bade Andrew farewell as he headed off on his business trip and then headed upstairs with her heart thumping in a mixture of fear and excitement. Arriving in the bathroom, she ran a nice deep bath and poured some of her favourite bath oil in it. When the bath was ready, she stripped off and climbed in before relaxing in the warm scented water. As she closed her eyes, she could feel her excitement grow at the thought of what she had got planned and thought briefly about relieving herself. Then she decided that she wanted to be as horny as possible for her meeting that afternoon.
After soaking for a few minutes, she sat on the edge of the bathtub and smeared her crotch with a thin coating of shaving foam before carefully shaving herself completely smooth. Bending forwards over the rim of the bath, she then repeated the process between the cheeks of her bum until she was literally as 'smooth as a baby's bottom'. She rinsed herself off and let the water out of the bath before using the spray in the shower to wash her hair. She now towelled off, covered her body in the lightly scented - and rather expensive - aqua di palma body creme and then did her hair and finally her make-up.
Naked, she padded out into the bedroom and started looking for something to wear that afternoon. She checked the clock. Oops, She needed to get a move on! Rifling through her underwear, she quickly decided on a matching bikini-style set in a semi-transparent powder blue material. She took her favourite summer dress out of the cupboard and slipped it on. It was really cute - falling to about mid-thigh, it had a tie-belt in the same material as the dark blue cotton dress and had a slightly girlie look about it. She knew that she had the perfect pair of open-toed sandals downstairs. So sow there was just one last thing she needed to do - her stockings. She never normally wore them but she knew that she still had a pair of self-supporting stockings in a light tan colour that would not only make her legs look nice and brown but also hopefully turn her secret admirer on.
She took them out of the wrapping, slid the first one over her foot and then up her leg. It took her several goes to get it straight and pulled up to the right height. Just for a second she was almost frustrated enough to give up on the idea. In the end however, she managed to get them on and enjoyed the look (and feel) of them. It was rather strange having her upper thighs exposed and made her feel like she was almost pantiless under her dress.
Deciding against wearing any jewellery, she tidied up a bit after herself and then headed down to the kitchen. Picking up her mobile from the table, she saw that a text message was waiting for her from an unknown number. The only thing it contained was four digits: 1409. The room number!
She glanced at the clock on the wall. Time to go. Locking up the house behind her, she climbed into the car and set off for the hotel, not allowing her nerves to get the better of her and cause her to chicken out.
Forty minutes later she pulled into the hotel's underground car park and parked as near to the lifts as she could. Seconds later, she was entering the lift, and pushed the button for the 14th floor, relieved to see that she didn't have to go via the reception. As she exited on the 14th floor, she saw the sign telling her that rooms 1401 to 1459 were on the corridor on the left and set off down the hallway, her heels tapping softly on the thick carpet and her heart thumping louder than she thought possible. Her palms were sweaty as she stood before the door of room 1409. She checked the time on her mobile - 14:02 - no excuse there either! Taking a deep breath to calm her nerves, she knocked on the door as she'd been told to do.
For a while she heard nothing and then there was a rustling and the door opened a crack. A rather nice hand pushed through the gap holding a blindfold of the type that you sometimes get on airlines. With a quick glance up and down the corridor, she slipped the blindfold over her head and slipped the elasticised bands so that they held the blindfold tightly in place. She could see nothing at all, not even a prick of light. She felt a hand take hers and lead her into the hotel room. She sensed that the room was quite large - probably a double bedroom and smelt the slightly stale air that one so often gets in such rooms.
She felt her arms being pushed gently behind her back and sensed rather than felt her secret admirer's face near hers. The next thing she knew, he was kissing her - light, tentative kisses that became more intensive as she opened her mouth to taste his tongue. She smelt his aftershave - something slightly woody and smooth - not one that she had smelt before but it was a pleasant, manly scent. His hands let her arms go but she left them where they were, realising that this was probably what he wanted. If she was honest, it was also what she wanted. She wanted to be led. To be shown what was expected of her. Sure enough, his hands moved to the back of her thighs and slid up her stockings until they reached the decorated elastic band hold them up. She heard his sharp intake of breath at discovering what she was wearing.
His hands continued their exploration, moving up over the exposed flesh until they reached her powder blue bikini panties. Now they cupped her bum, feeling the soft material and slipping long slender fingers between her buttocks to stroke her pussy through her rapidly-dampening panties. After a while, she felt his hands leave her and then felt him slide down in front of her. Next her skirt was pushed up and one hand pushed gently at the inside of one ankle - a signal for her to spread her legs, which she did, well aware that he was probably kneeling in front of hr with a perfect view of her pantie-covered pussy directly in front of his faces.
He now kissed her pussy through the now wet material and worked his way up to her pubic mound before kissing his way back down the furrow of her pussy lips. She moaned quietly in pleasure as his lips briefly pushed against her lips, directly over her clitoris. Now he let her dress drop back down again and he started unbuttoning her dress, pausing only to untie her belt until finally the dress hung open from top to bottom. He pushed dress back over both shoulders and she let it fall to the floor, leaving her in just her powder blue underwear and her tan stockings.
'Do you like my panties? I chose them specially for you!'
She heard a quiet 'Mmmmmm'.
A finger slid up the length of her pussy causing her to inhale sharply.
'And what about the stockings? Do they turn you on too?'
Instead of answering as before, she felt her hand being taken and suddenly she had his cock in her hand! She had never even contemplated the fact that he might be naked! She had simply assumed that he was dressed. This discovery shocked her slightly but more than that, it turned her on enormously. Knowing that he was - and had been - naked all the time and that he was turned on by her, was exciting her more than she had imagined was possible. She started to stroke his hard and well-sized cock but felt him pull away. For a second she wondered why he was stopping her, until he felt him lead her backwards until the backs of her legs hit something solid - the bed. She sat down and then scooted backwards so that she was now lying on her back in the middle of the bed. She felt the mattress move as he climbed on to join her. The next thing she knew, he was kissing her - first her mouth, then her neck and breasts before moving down to kiss her tummy and then her pantie-covered pussy once more. As he kissed his way down her thighs, she arched her back and pushed her hands underneath her, so that she could undo her bra and take it off.
She felt the kisses stop as he dropped her bra to one side. Then the mattress moved again and the next thing she knew, his hands had cupped her breasts and were playing with her nipples which by now were so stiff that they were almost painful His hands were replaced by his mouth and she reached down to ruffle his soft hair, trying to picture how he might look. Her thoughts were interrupted as one hand slipped down inside her panties and between her lips. She felt a slippery finger - wet from her juices - start to make tiny gentle circles over her hooded clit. Before she knew what was happening, her body exploded. Her orgasm caught her completely off-balance. It came out of nothing and hit her with the force of a hurricane, flooding through her body and causing her to arch her back and thrust her pelvis forward.
As she started to recover, she realised that her secret admirer had moved and was now down between her legs, pulling her panties down to expose her freshly shaven quim. As soon as her knickers were down below her knees, she used one leg to shimmy them off and then spread her thighs wantonly, waiting for what she knew was about to come. The first thing she felt was a pair of warm lips pressed firmly against her quim, heightening her senses at the closeness to her pussy and clit. Next his tongue lipped out and flicked across her clit, causing her to jolt at the unexpected contact. She felt his thumbs or fingers gently spread her lips, exposing her clitoris to his view and then she sighed with pleasure as his tongue started lapping away at her, working its way up her pussy before pausing over her clit and then working its way back down again. She moaned. She wasn't sure how much more she could take of this. As he continued, she felt her body reacting. It started with small ripples of pleasure that began increasing in intensity until she knew that it was just a matter of time before she came again.
'Lover - I'm going to cum again if you keep on doing that!'
His only answer was to speed up his movements and Katya felt her thighs start to twitch - a sure sign of her impending climax. Just as she was on the edge, she felt something soft gently pushing at her back entrance. She wanted to scream out to him not to do it but then she felt the first wave of her climax hit her and the tip of his small finger slipped in, causing her to scream out in pleasure at the unexpected sensation. It was both intrusive and erotic at the same time; almost as if it was directly connect to her inner core. Thankfully he pulled it out again before he went in too deep and this movement also caused her to groan with pleasure. As her orgasm gradually subsided, she relaxed back onto the bed, her limbs leaden and her mind stunned at what had just happened. Slowly she began to recover and she felt herself being kissed, responding happily by thrusting her tongue out to meet his.
She felt him take her hands and half-pull half-lead her to the edge of the bed. Once her feet hug down onto the floor, her turned her slightly, presumable to stop her falling off the corner of the bed. She reached out and came into contact with his thighs. Running her hands up the outside of his thighs, she then let them drift around to the front until she could hold his cock again. It was indeed a fine specimen. Thick and large, with an uncircumcised head and unshaven - just the way she liked them! She started stroking him, first with one hand and then with both hands until she could hear his breath getting quicker under her ministrations. She felt his hands on her head and let herself be pulled forwards. As she got closer, she smelt his manly scent - a mixture of fresh sweat, aftershave and more than a hint of pre-cum. Bending forwards, she took him in her mouth and started fellating him, letting her tongue alternately flick sharply and then slowly and gently side over his bulbous head. She held his shaft in her hands and could feel his cock pulsating with excitement. She knew that he wasn't going to last long and that gave her a wonderful sense of power over him. She wrapped her thumb and forefinger tightly around the base of his cock and started sliding up and down his shaft, taking as much of him in her mouth as she could without gagging. As she felt his cock twitch, she knew that he would cum any second. She changed her tactics and jacked him off with one hand whilst bobbing up and down the head of his cock with her lips and playing with him with her tongue. She knew that she would have to be careful if she didn't want to end up with a mouth full of his cum but somehow the excitement of the moment made her lose her focus. He came with a grunt. The first jet of cum shot into her mouth, its warm sweet-saltiness hitting the roof of her mouth. Instinctively she pulled back, only to have the second spurt land on her chin and throat. Pulling his cock down slightly, she felt the remaining pulses hit her breasts and then trickle down her tummy towards her pussy.
She grinned at the thought of how she must look - sitting in front of a stranger with a blindfold on with sperm trickling out of her mouth and down her body. She felt herself being pulled to her feet and then she was being kissed again. She wanted to protest - to warn him that his cum was in her mouth - but then she realised that he knew this and wanted to kiss her like that. She felt a warm tingle go through her pussy. She felt so wanton, it was unbelievable. Finally, he stopped and led her to the bathroom where he closed the door behind her. She locked it as he had told him the other day and heard him moving around in the room.
Pulling her blindfold off, she stood naked in front of the mirror and looked at herself. Her hair was dishevelled, her body was covered with a sheen of sweat and she had a flushed at the base of her neck. His cum was running in little white rivulets down her breasts and tummy and down over her shaven and swollen pussy before moving on down her thighs. On a whim, she smeared his cum all over her body and breathed in the pungent odour of his fresh cum. Moving to the shower, she turned the water on at full blast and waited until she had found the right temperature before climbing in and showering herself off. It was only as she climbed back out and wrapped the hotel towel around her that she heard the bedroom door slam. Her secret admirer was gone. She padded out into the bedroom and saw that she had guessed correctly. It was a large double bedroom with a king-sized bed in the middle of it. She saw a small gift-wrapped package lying on the bed and opened it. Inside was a pair of plain black silk panties and a matching bra together with a small note: These are to replace the ones I 'borrowed' from you Thank you for everything, your secret admirer.
She flopped onto the bed and lay there for a second before drying herself off and pulling on her new undies. Very nice but how was she going to explain these to Andrew? At the thought of her husband, she felt a sharp pang of conscience prick her. She didn't want to hurt him and definitely not lose him but, but what? Well if she was honest, she needed to do what she was doing. She needed to get it out of her system and then finish it and then tuck the memories away for the future. With a sigh, she got up and got dressed. Once she was presentable, she checked one last time that she had left nothing in the room and then headed for the lift to drive back home.
***
Back at home, Katya crashed out onto the bed, mentally exhausted from the experience. As she lay there with the sun streaming in through the bedroom window, she thought back to what she had done. She had met a complete stranger in a hotel room, let him blindfold her, strip her and then bring her off with his mouth. Then she had fellated him and let him come in her mouth and all over her breasts. And the strangest thing of all ... was that she didn't regret a single thing! In fact, as she lay there thinking about it all, she realised that she was getting turned on again. She quickly shimmied out of her dress and kicked off her shoes leaving her dressed just in her new silk underwear. One hand slipped down under the top of her black silk bikini panties and started stroking her smooth pussy, while the other played with her breast, teasing and twisting the nipple until it was painfully erect.
She found her fingers frustrating - although it had been a huge turn on, there was still something missing in the whole adventure and that was getting well and truly screwed. It was then that she remembered something. She got up quickly and opened the cupboard. At the back of the top shelf, buried under her old jumpers, she found what she was looking for. It was a perfectly formed dildo. Andrew had given it to her as a laugh some years ago when he was spending a lot of time travelling but she had never really liked the things and had never used it. She took it out and went into the bathroom to rinse it off. It was actually an amazing replica of a man's cock. It had a bulbous head and even had a nice thick vein running along the underside. She walked back, stripped off completely, and lay down on the bed.
She started running the tip of the latex cock up and down her pussy, gently teasing herself and using it like she would her finger. As she thought about her secret admirer and all that they had done, she felt herself getting more excited and started thinking about whether he had wanted to screw her. Of course he had! He was probably thinking about it the whole time he was going down on her. She thought about how good his cock had felt in her hand and in her mouth. Then she imagined him slowly easing into her and as she did so, she mimicked the motions with her dildo, slowly easing it into her wet pussy. The material was slick and almost warm and she was surprised at how realistic it felt. She slowly withdrew it and then eased it back in again. Still imagining her secret admirer, she started moving the dildo more rapidly until she was 'fucking' herself rhythmically in time with her imaginary lover. Her other hand pushed down on her clit so that it was in contact with the shaft of her new friend and soon she was climaxing. This was nothing like her earlier experience - this was pure and calm relief. When it was all over, she washed herself and the dildo off and got dressed again.
She headed down to the kitchen and made herself a strong Cappuccino, which she drank slowly, sitting on the sofa and thinking about everything she had done. She couldn't help it - she simply couldn't get it out of her mind. After an hour or two of trying to occupy her mind with other things, she finally gave up. She poured herself a glass of wine and went upstairs to the office. Having powered up her computer, she logged in and waited for Windows to grind into motion. Eventually it got up and running and she was surprised and pleased to see that her secret admirer was online. Just as she was about to type something, a window opened.
'Hi Katya. Everything OK?'
She thought about how she should answer and then she realised that she didn't want to pass up the opportunity that had opened up.
'OK? Yes! But you're not good for me ...'
'I was worried you might say something like that :( '
So, now was the moment - make or break.
'No, I mean that I want more ...'
'More?'
'More! More of this afternoon!'
'Oh, I didn't think that you meant that - well THAT is no problem at all! Any time!'
'When? I have already had to masturbate once since I got home ...'
'Me too ... but it's not the same.'
'No kidding. Well? When can we meet up again?'
'Tomorrow? Same time, same place?'
She thought for a second. Andrew was away tomorrow as well. Why not?
'Yes please - that sounds good.'
'Fine, then I'll organise it again, just as we did today.'
'OK, but there's one condition ...'
'... condition? And that is?'
'That this time I get to have that cock of yours inside me!'
'Really??'
'Yes. You can come in me too ...'
'Mmmm. I can't wait!'
'Me neither!'
'Hey look, I've got to go - I will arrange everything and send you the room number again just like today.'
'OK. That's fine by me.'
'Did you like the underwear?'
'Yes, in fact I've got them on at the moment. And you? Did you like my underwear?'
'Oh yes. In fact, I wrapped those blue panties of yours around my cock when I was playing with myself and came in them.'
'Mmmm. I wish I'd been there to watch! Bring them with you tomorrow and then I can wear them home.'
'But they'll still be damp ...'
'Exactly!'
':) OK!'
'See you soon and thank you.'
'Thank YOU!'
With that, her secret admirer signed off, leaving Katya to wonder about where this was all heading.
***
Less than 24 hours later, Katya stood outside the room that she had been told to come to. She was dressed in a light cream-coloured summer coat. It was 3/4 length and came down to just above her knees. Underneath she was wearing a pair of brown leather riding-style boots and a pair of scarlet red silk knickers. Nothing else. Her nipples were hard and she had felt like telling everyone she met on the way that she had almost nothing on under her coat, but here she was now, about to embark on the next stage of her adventure.
She knocked and once again the nice hand reached out through the gap in the open door and handed her the blindfold. She quickly slipped it on and waited while her secret admirer led her into the bedroom again. As he unbuttoned her coat and discovered what she had - or rather, didn't have - on under her coat, she heard him groan with excitement. She was quickly stripped of her coat and stood there in just her boots and panties. He took her in his arms and pressed his body hard against hers. Once again he was naked and as he pushed his groin against hers, she could feel the length of his hard cock against her panties. The touch of his skin on her naked breasts made her nipples tingle and harden and she pushed back against him, telling him that she wanted him.
Before he could take things further, she broke out of his hug and slid down his body until she was kneeling in front of him. With no further ado, she felt for his cock and then took it in her mouth, gripping his shaft tightly just underneath the crown and slowly letting the tip of her tongue run up and over the swollen head. He exhaled loudly as she took the whole of his cock head in her warm mouth, sucking gently before sliding down his shaft until he almost touched the back of her throat. She cupped his balls in her hand and gently tugged on them as she pulled back before sucking on the head of his cock.
To her surprise and disappointment, she felt him push her head away and then push her down until she was lying on her back on the edge of the bed. He took her hand and placed it gently over her crotch. It took her a second to realise exactly what he wanted and then she grinned to herself - this was just what she had imagined doing on more than one occasion.
She spread her legs wantonly in front of him, feeling how the material of her red panties pulled tighter into her crotch and she imagined how the material was coating her shaven lips. She knew that she was wet with excitement and was certain that he was watching her, but that just made the whole thing somehow even more exciting. She started stroking herself through the silk material, gently teasing her clit but running the tip of her middle finger in small circles around it, without actually running over her swollen nub. She wondered whether he was masturbating as well, imagined him stroking his hard cock as he stood or knelt between her spread thighs.
As her excitement grew, she became more forceful in her movements, rubbing the wet red silk harder, spreading her lips under the panties and as she did so, she felt herself get wetter and wetter. Unable to hold back, she thrust her hand under the soaking material and made direct contact with her clit. As she did so, her back arched and her thighs trembled as the first wave of her climax hit her. She gasped out loud at the unexpected reaction and before she knew what had happened, it had passed, leaving her tingling with excitement and wanting more. She dropped her hands down to the narrow waistband of her undies, intending to remove them but felt her secret admirer's hands stop her. He took hold of the waistband himself and slowly eased the small scrap of damp silk down as she lifted her bum off the bed to help him.
Naked now, she was expecting him to move over her but again he surprised her by placing her hand back between her thighs. By now she was beyond caring what he saw. She let her knees fall to both sides and started stroking herself, the speed of her movements increasing as her excitement rose. She used the flats of her three fingers to slide up and down her swollen mound, letting the tips of her fingers just enter her before pulling back up again. Within seconds, she feels her excitement peaking again. The muscles in her thighs start twitching and then a pair of hands pulls her own hand away. Her fingers were replaced by a very energetic tongue, lapping away at her pussy. This is too much for her. She grabs his head and pulls his face hard against her exposed pussy as he continues to tray to lick her. Katya tries to hold back but there is nothing she can do but groan out loud as she cums for the second time in just a few minutes.
Before she had a chance to recover, she felt the bed move under his weight and then felt the tip of his cock placed gently between the lips of her pussy. He eased into her, slowly and carefully until she had accommodated his full length. She became aware of his stomach against hers, a sheen of fresh sweat causing strange noises as they peeled apart again. Only then did he start to move more quickly. He was thrusting into her now and she moved in rhythm with him, pushing up to meet his thrusts, until their pelvis' were banging together each time. He pushed her arms above her head and pinned them there, her wrists crossed and pressed onto the bed with one of his hands. She felt his mouth on her breast, sucking and tugging on her nipple as he continued to plunge into her. Before she knew what was happening, she climaxed, calling out loudly, not caring who heard her.
By now she knew he must have been close to coming himself. His movements were becoming more urgent, less controlled.
'That's it baby, I know you're going to come soon.'
There was a slight hesitation in his movements as her words trickled through to his mind.
'I know you want to pump me full of your spunk'. My God, what was she saying? 'Just do it! Where do you want to come? In my pussy? Over my red panties? Maybe over my breasts? What about over my face? Wherever you want ...'
She felt him stiffen and then groan, as he came with one last thrust. His twitching cock spraying his hot cum deep inside her ... one, two ... three jets of hot jism before he slowly started to subside. As his orgasm ebbed, he lowered himself onto her sweat-covered body and kissed her, releasing her arms so that she could wrap both arms and legs around him.
How long they lay like that, she didn't know but eventually, they peeled themselves apart. As she made to remove the blindfold, he stopped her and led her once more into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. With a sigh, she took off the blindfold and looked in the mirror. She was covered in a sheen of sweat and her skin was flushed. That together with her shiny eyes was a sure sign that she had just had sex. Turning away, she climbed into the shower and turned the water on full blast.
15 minutes later, she walked out into the empty hotel room. Gathering her things, she dressed again in the few things she had worn as she came to the hotel and headed home, thankful that Andrew would not be back that evening. She needed some time to gather her thoughts and gain some control again.
***
Epilogue
The next day, Katya had arranged to go out with her girlfriends for the evening. Seeing as they wanted to catch the early film, she would be gone before Andrew got back from work. She still hadn't seen him but had managed to get the events of the previous days tucked away into a secret compartment in her mind. Still, she was nervous about her first meeting with him - would he notice anything?
It seemed that the evening was off to a bad start. Arriving at her friend's house, she was told that they were going to have to take a rain check. Sarah was ill, Cathy was stuck at work and Samantha was just telling her that she couldn't find a babysitter. She went in for a coffee and sat with Samantha for an hour, chatting about all sorts of things before Katya decided it was time to make a move.
Arriving back much earlier than expected, Katya could see Andrew's car parked in the garage, so she parked on the street in front of the house. With no little trepidation, she walked up the front path where she could just make out the flickering of the TV through the window to one side. Andrew was home and watching TV again. What was a bit strange was that the curtains were almost closed.
Call it sixth sense, whatever, but Katya let herself in as quietly as possible and gently closed the door behind her. Slipping off her shoes, she tiptoed along the hallway until she reached the open sitting room door. There was no sound to be heard. Strange. Normally she would hear the screaming fans of some football match when he was watching TV. Then she heard it. It sounded like a moaning or groaning. Was he watching a porn movie? He had done that before they were together but seeing as she had frowned upon it, he had stopped watching them. Well, she thought he had. She peeked around the corner. He was! She could just make out the back of a head between someone's legs. That was the source of the noises! As she continued to peek, she suddenly felt her stomach turn ice cold. That was her! The man had pulled back slightly to reveal herself lying naked on the bed with her legs apart. Oh my, God!
Katya pulled back and leant against the wall, her heart pounding and feeling sick. What was she going to do now? That bastard had filmed everything they'd done! How did Andrew get the film? There was no way she could go in there, but she couldn't just stay away for ever. What was she going to do? She peeked around the corner again. She couldn't see Andrew from here, which meant that he couldn't see her either. Her eyes drifted back to the TV screen. Despite herself, she couldn't help watching. The camera was fixed but there were shots from two different angles, which meant that he had had two cameras on tripods in the room. That explained the blindfold and why she had to go into the bathroom until he was gone. That way she would never see or hear what he had done. The picture changed to the other camera again and what she saw almost made her gasp out loud. For the first time, she could see the man's face as he moved forwards to climb onto the bed. It was Andrew!
Her world started spinning and then came to a grinding halt. She pulled back again and stood there for a moment, thinking furiously. There was no secret admirer - her husband had tricked her! As she realised what he had done, she had to grin. The sneaky bugger! All that time she thought she had been breaking her marriage vows and it had been her hubby all the time. She almost had to laugh out loud. Then it dawned on her that he had no idea that she knew. This might be fun. She could turn this game to her advantage! She snuck back down the hall and put on her shoes before exiting as silently as she had entered. Once she reached the car, she drove off and parked a few streets further away before pulling out her cell phone. She rang home.
There was a rather long pause before he answered.
'Hi there! We couldn't go to the cinema after all, so I'll be back early! I'm in the car now and should be there in about ten minutes.'
'Oh, OK. What a shame - well, see you soon. Bye!'
'Bye.'