Emily finds herself back in a strange parallel world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced. (This is a sequel to Emily 2.0. It is recommended to read that first).
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
The following day, Emily woke up and took in her new surroundings. The curtains around her bunk shielded her view of the other women in the barracks but she could hear their voices murmuring around her. A frown crossed her face as she remembered Collingwood. She had not yet had a chance to catch up with him, so that would be first on her agenda that morning, right after seeing what Madison was up to.
She pulled a curtain back to reveal about 20 blurry-eyed and tousle-haired women, all completely naked. Some sat cross-legged on bunks chatting, some still slept, while others were sitting at desks looking at Vidlinks. Most were yet to put on their collars for the day.
"Good morning, Emily!" Elizabeth greeted cheerfully from a nearby bunk. "I think Lieutenant Maddie has proceeded to the bathroom, if you were looking for her."
"Thanks, Elizabeth. Good morning to you too," Emily sleepily replied. "Yes, that's usually my first port of call in the morning as well."
"As it is with most of us, I think," Elizabeth grinned. "I shall join you, if that is okay?"
"Um... yeah, no problems," Emily agreed.
As she stood up, she became aware that something felt different, but also familiar. Sure, the thought of getting up and going about her business completely nude felt just as appalling as it always did, but she'd been there and done that before. She was also surrounded by dozens of other women who were just as nude, so she shouldn't be feeling out of place. It was a strange feeling. Both new and old at the same time, like that first day back at work after a vacation, but more intense. It was something she thought she had finally escaped from and now she was right back in it again. Even just learning that she was coming back had put her in a tailspin over the last few weeks, dreading this moment and not quite believing it was happening. Now it was here, and real. However, underneath those feelings, the kink part of her was excited by it. It felt like another personality within her. Dark Emily. She was licking her lips and wanted to take over. She knew she didn't need to live in the shadows anymore now. The leash could be unclipped, and she could be allowed to run free. It would feel so good to do that too, but there would be no coming back from that...
With a deep breath, she gathered her toiletries and makeup and made her way to the bathroom with the almost annoyingly chirpy Elizabeth in tow.
"I would like to hear more stories of your world," Elizabeth chattered as they walked, constantly turning towards Emily. "What types of coverings do women wear there? Are they unhappy that they must be covered? Do they receive the rattan if they are not covered, as some do here if they are found covered?"
Oh my God, it's too early for this.
"It's a very different place," Emily politely began, wondering how she could best explain it to someone who found it completely foreign to their way of life. "There are many different styles of clothing which have been specially designed for women. There's a whole industry around it, which we call the Fashion Industry. A lot of women are obsessed with it and find a lot of happiness in both wearing lots of different styles, and shopping for it. In most public places it's illegal to be revealed, but the rattan isn't used for those who are caught undressed. A punishment would normally only be a fine."
"A fine?" Elizabeth asked.
"Um... a portion of currency she has earned that she must give as recompense," Emily explained.
"This does not make sense," Elizabeth frowned. "Why would they take currency from her again after they have first given it to her? Why does she have need of currency anyway? Why is it not legal to be revealed? Are others not pleased to see her gifts?"
Jesus!
"Okay, well think of it like you are a man. You get up in the morning and dress for your occupation. Then you proceed there and perform whatever tasks are required of you. In return for your labour, you are given currency. Well, women live in exactly the same way."
"Oh..."
Elizabeth fell silent as she considered what she had just learned.
"I do not think I would like your world," she eventually decided.
"No, I don't like it much either," Emily agreed, albeit for different reasons.
Finally, they were at the bathroom. Emily opened the door to find several women present, including Madison, who was just adding the finishing touches to her makeup. To Emily's dismay, the showers did not have stalls and she could see one woman in the process of shaving her legs and pubic area. She realised that she too would have to perform the task in front of everyone there. It was of some consolation that everyone was in the same boat here and they all did it, but it brought to mind the time when she had been asked to do it in front of her deb training class. Her head began to swim as the memory triggered her humiliation kink. It would be difficult not to think about that as she repeated the task in these circumstances.
"'morning, Em, how did you sleep?" Madison greeted, glancing at Emily in her mirror.
"Yeah, good! The bed was lovely," Emily replied, without bothering to reveal the amount of tossing and turning she went through prior to finally nodding off the night before.
"Great! Well, you know where the Mess is when you're done here," Madison continued. "I'll meet you there and have a cuppa waiting for you."
"You're a godsend, Madison. I would just about kill for a coffee now."
"Done deal. See you there then," Madison replied with a wide smile as she threw her towel into a large open trolley near the door, gathered her effects and departed.
Emily turned on one of the shower nozzles and tested the temperature prior to getting under. She closed her eyes and allowed the water to cascade over her, looking up into the stream and trying not to think beyond the moment. She ran her hands through her hair, sweeping it back into a wet ponytail behind her. After shampooing, she soaped her body and reached for her razor while trying not to think about anyone watching and get any more turned on than she already was. The last thing she needed was to lose control and end up masturbating in front of everyone. She wished again that the bathroom had private stalls so it wouldn't matter so much if she did.
"Would you like some assistance with your depilations, Emily?" Elizabeth interrupted. "I find it difficult to reach my rear coupling area. Perhaps we can help each other?"
Did she just ask if we could shave each other's arseholes? We're definitely not in Kansas no more, Toto...
She turned to see a very wet Elizabeth holding up a razor while waiting for her response, obviously seeing nothing wrong in two women helping each other out in this way. Emily briefly wondered how to courteously turn her down, but then decided to accept the offer. She wasn't sure if it was the younger woman's pixie-like attractiveness and innocent charm, an acceptance that this was probably normal behaviour here so she would seem antisocial if she declined, or if "Dark Emily" just liked the idea of having her nether regions shaved by someone in front of other people watching. It was probably mostly the latter in her current state.
"Yeah sure," she replied, and then instantly doubted her decision and wondered how she could back out again, but it was too late for that now.
"I shall do you first. If you could do like the 'Display' position?" Elizabeth requested.
Emily then found herself bent over and holding her butt cheeks apart as Elizabeth used the razor in short gentle strokes. A few other women entering glanced briefly at them but then went about their business as if nothing was out of the ordinary. To her horror, Emily sensed that feeling welling up inside her even stronger. She swallowed and tried to think about building starships. Thankfully, the technique worked well enough to maintain composure until the touching ceased.
"It is done," Elizabeth announced. "Now if you can turn around and do 'Present', I can do your front side for you."
Oh shit, how am I going to keep it together now?
Nevertheless, she obeyed the instruction and turned around with her feet spread a little wider than shoulder width. Elizabeth kneeled on the floor and commenced shaving Emily's legs, starting from her ankles, and working up. With each section, she ran her hands over the newly shaved skin, massaging the muscle and feeling for stubble. The sensation on Emily's inner thighs became too much and an involuntary moan escaped her lips. She hoped Elizabeth didn't notice.
"You have very pretty anatomy, Emily," Elizabeth commented as she got to Emily's pussy and commenced shaving her mound and labia. The touch was too much, and Emily accidentally moaned again. She clapped her hand over her mouth in an attempt to hide it but there was little doubt Elizabeth wouldn't have heard it this time.
"Um... thanks. I'm glad you like it," Emily awkwardly replied.
"It is indeed very lovely," Elizabeth added, her face mere inches away from Emily's now eager pussy. "I can smell arousal, and your sex is very moist. You find this titillating, yes?"
Oh God...
To Emily's shock, she then felt Elizabeth's kiss on her mound, followed by her tongue flicking gently at her slit. Her fears were realised as she was no longer able to resist. Her knees buckled slightly as fingers then found their way inside. She reached for Elizabeth's head, welcoming her efforts, and pulling her in closer. Her eyes opened briefly to see other women briefly smiling as they noticed what was going on before they politely continued on about their business, but that was enough to send her over the edge. She was unable to contain her moans as an orgasm quickly approached. She pulled Elizabeth's face in hard against her body and threw her shoulders against the tiled wall behind her to try to keep balance in the final moment.
Once she finally stopped shaking and was able to regain her senses, Elizabeth stood up and grinned widely as she looked into Emily's face.
"Thank you, Elizabeth, that was wonderful," Emily finally breathed.
"It was no trouble. I am glad that you liked it. Now you must do me."
"Do you want me to do the same to you?" Emily asked, not quite sure if Elizabeth meant just the shaving, or the cunnilingus as well.
"If you wish it," Elizabeth shrugged. "It was enough to give you the gift, if you do not."
Both then...
"Okay, you better 'Display' for me then, Elizabeth," Emily smiled.
Emily mimicked Elizabeth's process, beginning with her bent over while she shaved between her butt cheeks. To say it felt strange to be doing this to a virtual stranger was a complete understatement. She wondered briefly if it felt weirder being on the giving or receiving end, and decided they were equally disturbing. "Dark Emily" was definitely enjoying it, particularly when she looked up and noticed other women looking on with knowing smiles.
As she turned Elizabeth around and got to her pussy, Emily couldn't help but notice she had noticeably protruding inner labia, not unlike her own. She had to push them to one side with a finger as she shaved the more intimate areas of her sex.
Finally, the shaving was complete. Without thinking about it further, she pushed Elizabeth up against the tiled walls as she knelt underneath her and buried her face into her pussy, placing her hands on Elizabeth's hips and buttocks for leverage. There was a sweetness about her taste, probably a combination of the shower water and remnants of scented soap. She gently sucked her inner labia into her mouth and rhythmically plunged her tongue deeply within her folds. High pitched whimpers escaped Elizabeth's lips, encouraging Emily to go deeper and harder to push her closer to orgasm. She came surprisingly fast and made no effort to contain her cries of ecstasy despite the other women present.
"Thank you, Emily. You are a most excellent oral coupler," she panted, looking down at the wet and smiling woman kneeling at her feet.
"My pleasure," Emily replied, and then glanced about wondering what kind of spectacle the two of them had just made. A few smiling onlookers remained but most seemed to be politely ignoring them. Reddening, there was only one thing she could do in the circumstances and that was to pretend none of it had happened.
"Um... I need to go about my business. Thank you for your assistance," Emily awkwardly remarked as she raised herself to her feet.
"I too have tasks I must attend," Elizabeth replied. "I shall see you in the barracks later this evening, if not before."
Elizabeth then placed two fingers on Emily's lips before smiling and turning away.
After finishing her hair and makeup, Emily returned her toiletries to her bunk, put her collar on, and went to find Madison in the mess hall. She hoped that what had just happened in the showers would not be regarded as anything out of the ordinary so that the women wouldn't gossip about it. That way Madison might not hear about it so she wouldn't be forced to explain it, and she could continue pretending it hadn't happened.
"You took a while. That's probably cold now," Madison greeted, pointing towards a mug of coffee opposite to her. "Never mind, I'll get you another one."
"Sorry. Oh, that's fine. I can get it myself," Emily replied, hoping Madison wouldn't ask why she had taken so long.
"No worries. Grab a bite if you're hungry as well. There's hot stuff or cereal. Whatever you want." Madison gestured towards a counter at the side of the room occupied by steaming containers, jugs of milk and juice, and piles of plates and cutlery. Emily spotted a pot of coffee on a warmer, so she emptied her mug into a nearby sink and refilled it before returning.
"That Elizabeth is unusually chirpy in the mornings," Emily commented for the sake of making some small talk as she sat down.
"Did she jump you in the shower?" Madison asked with a knowing smirk. Emily's shocked expression instantly confirmed it. "Ha-ha, welcome back to Earth 2, Em. Yeah, she does that to everyone. You're the new blood so she would have been right onto you. She's not bad, though, right? I've taken her up a couple of times now, but if she gets too much just tell her. She'll back off."
"Oh God!" Emily exclaimed. "I thought I'd completely disgraced myself."
"Fuck no. Don't worry about it," Madison dismissed with a laugh. "She's our resident lezzo and we've all had her. If you're ever feeling a bit hot and bothered and need a proper bit of action after a day of half-arsed fucking and sucking, you look her up. She'll help you out."
"Well, I'd rather look you up," Emily replied.
"Goes without saying. Same for me. But if ever I'm not around, go for it," Madison winked.
"Oh, err... Okay, I guess," Emily agreed, without any real intention of doing so. The only reason she'd done it was due to "Dark Emily" taking over again, and she wasn't sure she was completely comfortable with that part of her having free rein, or any rein at all really.
"So, what are you up to today? Got a full day ahead?" Madison asked, moving on.
"No real plans so far, other than to go and find Collingwood and give him a piece of my mind." Emily frowned slightly as she thought of him again. "He'll probably have things underway with the lab and the shipyard, so I expect I'll end up with a full plate pretty quickly."
"Yeah right," Madison replied. "We probably had more flight drills lined up, but there might be different plans now that you lot have shown up again. So, they wanna build more ships and arm them to the teeth? Is there a war somewhere I don't know about or something?"
"Oh no, nothing like that," Emily assured her. "It's just a precaution since we don't know what's out there yet. Better safe than sorry."
"Okay, well I guess that'll come with a whole bunch of new tricks we'll have to learn, on top of learning how to fly the thing, as well as steer that hyperdrive where we want it to take us."
"For sure, but it shouldn't be too hard. Collingwood will design it all so it's pretty much point and shoot. The computers will do all the hard work."
"Right. So, speaking of Collingwood. This kink of yours that you mentioned you got going on with him. Is that what was happening with you a while back in the pub when it looked like you were having a bit too much fun?"
"Um... yeah," Emily admitted. "Um... remember how you explained how you wanted to cringe in a corner when you first got here and found out you weren't allowed to wear clothes? Well, I never stopped feeling like that. When the Master told me about the Agreement, it helped me a lot. I thought I started feeling good about it, but then I realised it was something else. Not the fucking and sucking as such, and not because I had to do it when I didn't really want to. I still did my best and tried to fit in. It was about people seeing me doing it, especially people I knew from my home world seeing me do it. People who know me and know that I'd never do this stuff normally."
"I think I get where you're coming from," Madison nodded. "I used to think about what my friends and family back home would think if they could see me now, and how embarrassed I'd be."
"Exactly," Emily concurred. "Well, for some reason I grew to like that feeling of being completely humiliated. Like, a lot. I guess it's why people like horror movies and rollercoasters and the like. It's completely horrible, but also a massive rush that makes me feel all euphoric."
"Okay, gotcha. I guess I can relate a fair bit to that. I got past it, though, and just ran with it after a while," Madison explained. "I'm not sure I'd even care anymore if people back home did see me like this now. Sex ain't so bad when you let go of all the bullshit from where we come from. I reckon these guys have got it right and we were the ones who had it fucked up all along. Although I wouldn't mind if the guys here took a little more time and made sure I was satisfied as well."
"I feel you," Emily agreed. "Say, have you heard about this 'enhancing the petals of your womanhood' thing? It's supposed to make it easier to cum."
"Yeah, Elizabeth's had it," Madison shrugged. "I think a couple of the other girls here have as well. I haven't really been bugged that much to bother looking into it. If I'm ever left hanging, there's always someone like her around willing to help me out whenever I need it these days."
"Elizabeth has had it?" Emily responded in some surprise. "I was thinking that it might look grotesque, but she wasn't too out of the ordinary. It certainly didn't take long to get her off. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad?"
"Why, are you thinking about getting it?" Madison asked.
"I don't think I'm gonna get much choice about it," Emily frowned. "They decided I should have it last time I was here. Collingwood cottoned on that I didn't want it so now he's made sure I'm gonna get it."
"Because he thinks it would humiliate you?"
"Well, the thought of it is definitely having that effect already," Emily nodded. "That's the problem with this kink of mine. It's so ironic. I have to not want something and then get made to do it anyway to get the rush, so it's like I most want to do the things that I want to do the least."
"Damn, and I've been calling him cabrón for doing shit that you actually want him to do. Should I go easier on him?"
"No, he's still a cunt. In that first episode in the pub, he didn't even know this about me, and he did it anyway, and even now he's making decisions about me without talking about it with me first. That wasn't the deal we made."
"And you wanna be with this man?" Madison asked, raising her eyebrows in apparent astonishment.
"Oh, don't get me wrong. I do care for him quite deeply, and I do want him to do this stuff," Emily explained. "Nothing else makes me feel that way, but at the same time I also want to keep it separated from the other parts of my life. That's what's got me worried about getting this procedure. What if it changes my appearance so that all people see when they look at me is my genitals? What if it turns me into a full-blown slut and I can't control myself or keep the kink part of me separate anymore?"
"No such thing as a slut here, Em," Madison chided, "and from what I've seen, it don't really change a girl's appearance that much. Pussy lips get a little juicier, but nothing out of the ordinary. If you look around, we're all different shapes and sizes down there anyway. You might have a point about getting a little out of control, though. Elizabeth was probably in denial about being a bit of a lezzo before she had it. Now she's jumping chicas in the showers."
"That's what I'm afraid of. I'm worried the kink part of me will take over full time. But yeah, probably not much to worry about physically. Elizabeth looked fine to me."
"You seem a little disappointed by that?" Madison asked, noticing Emily seemed a little wistful.
"Goddammit, that's the kink part of me again," Emily answered, snapping back to normality.
"Ha-ha. There's no hope for you, Em. I don't know what we're going to do with you."
After the women parted ways, Emily set off to find Collingwood. As she suspected, she found him in the old lab peering into a computer monitor with piles of apparatus on the desk beside him. It looked like he'd already settled right back in.
"Ahh, 7GQ," he greeted. "If you could just 'Present" in front of that desk over there."
"Good morning, Rod. We need to continue our discussion from yesterday," Emily responded, automatically assuming the position without thinking about it.
"Of course," he replied, "but this first. Your appointment is this morning so we best deal with the IUD situation."
"This morning! You're fucking kidding me!"
"Why, what's the problem?"
"Well, the problem is exactly what we need to talk about," she scowled. "Plus, I assumed I would have more time."
"Well, it appears that the General has contacts," he winked. "You're one very lucky lady to have such friends in high places. Other women would be waiting weeks for this opportunity."
"Opportunity?" she gasped. "I didn't even want this, Rod. You know that!"
"Go on, of course you want it," he scoffed. "Your knees are getting weak at the thought of it, am I right?"
"That's beside the point! You just can't go making decisions about me without discussing it with me first. That's what we agreed."
"I agreed to discuss matters of morality with you," he began, "but we both know you cannot make decisions for yourself when it comes to your masochism. You need me to do that for you. That's my role as your handler."
"No, I need to have some say in it," she objected. "I want to at least know what you're planning so I can decide whether or not I want to do it."
"The problem there, my dear 7GQ, is that you and I both know that there is no point in discussing these things with you beforehand since you will invariably reject it. It must be out of your control for you to receive the thrill from it. Do you not see the contradiction in what you're asking? By its very nature, your kink requires giving up your control, otherwise it can only dwell within the realms of fantasy, nothing more."
Emily could only stare blankly at him as she considered what he was saying. She hated it when he was right.
"Implanting the IUD was one thing," he continued, "which I fully admit was a gross error in judgement on my part without discussing it with you first. However, actions that alter your circumstances to experience your kink in reality are a completely different matter. For that, you need me."
"But you agreed to discuss things with me," she argued. "You can't just change the rules!"
"I can and I did," he unashamedly admitted. "Once I considered the nature of your masochism more fully, I saw the frivolity of any prior discussion of what was to happen to you. If there was, you would almost certainly refuse, which would deny you the opportunity to experience it. You are, in many ways, your own worst enemy when it comes to your sexuality. Take, for example, this procedure today. Would you have agreed to it of your own accord?"
"No, I wouldn't have, but..."
"And is your head spinning and your knees weak at the thought of it?"
"Well, yes, but..."
"So, what would be gained in discussing it before the decision was made?"
"Okay, fine," Emily slumped, "but can I at least have a safe word or something?"
"Well, that would fall into the same category as discussing it with you beforehand," he reasoned. "Given an out, your rational brain would take it."
"So do I get any control over what happens to me at all?" she protested.
"I'm afraid you're just going to have to trust me," he answered. "However, I assure you that you will never be placed in any danger. I will protect you with my very life. Any endeavours I lead you on will be designed purely to sexually humiliate you, nothing more."
Emily considered his argument for a few moments, the words 'sexually humiliate' echoing in her head and sending tingles down her spine.
"I'm not sure I'm completely okay with this, Rod," Emily began, knowing she was placing a lot more trust in him than she was comfortable with, while simultaneously recognising that he was right. "What if things get out of control? What if this affects my reputation back home if it gets back to them? Some things can never be undone again."
"And?"
Emily realised that "Dark Emily" agreed with him on that point. The thought of her reputation being ruined back home wasn't a bad one from Dark Emily's perspective. She liked the idea of being outed, and the humiliation she would feel about it, but there would also be no more secrets. She could live this life freely and proudly, openly enjoying every moment of it. Still, while she was now ready to give control over to him, she still had concerns.
"Okay, fine. Let's do this your way then," she conceded. "You're a rational person. I'm sure you'll be open to discussion if I feel it's getting out of hand."
"Oh, I wouldn't go that far," he winked. "Now, are we ready to move on? I need you to stand very still. Just move a little to your right. Yes, that's it."
"Is this going to hurt?" she asked.
"No, not at all," he assured her, while simultaneously tapping a key on his keyboard.
"Ow! You said it wouldn't hurt!" Emily exclaimed, holding her hand to her lower abdomen, and doubling over slightly.
"I didn't think it would," Collingwood responded, obviously surprised to hear that it did. "Can you describe the sensation for me? Perhaps I can allow for it in the technique. Are you still in pain?"
"No, it's gone now," Emily answered. "It was just a sudden sharpish pain, a bit like a menstrual cramp, but not enduring. It surprised me more than anything."
"Perhaps some warning would be sufficient then? I considered that no warning would be best. Maybe a sedative or local anaesthetic should be administered beforehand?"
"I think a warning would be enough," Emily decided. "That way I could expect to feel something and brace myself for it."
"Very well then," Collingwood replied with some relief. "I was concerned I'd underestimated the amount of discomfort involved."
"Oh God! I just realised I'll have to explain its absence to the doctor who does this procedure on me. It's on record that I have one. They were going to remove it at the same time. What do I tell them?"
"Um... I think the truth would be fine at this point," Collingwood considered. "I was planning to release the technology to them as soon as the technique was perfected. For now, just tell them that it's a new experimental technology which should be in their hands very soon."
"So, I've been a guinea pig?" Emily frowned.
"No, I wouldn't go that far. As explained to you previously, I tested exhaustively on animals and other inanimate matter prior to going near you. There was absolutely no question of possible injury."
"So, I was your first human test? That's still a guinea pig!"
"For want of a better word, you may call it that if you wish," he responded. "However, from a scientific perspective it was well beyond the experimental phase as far as I was concerned. Living and nonliving tissue cannot combine, and it is also impossible for matter to occupy the same space, so it was literally impossible to embed it in your flesh or cause a lesion. Think of it like attempting to push like poles of powerful magnets together. It could only find the appropriate cavity according to the designated X, Y, Z axis, or it would repel back to the source."
"But what if I moved at the wrong moment? What would stop it from going into my stomach or something?"
"Yes, there was a minor risk involved," he admitted, "but it is easily reversible, as I've just demonstrated. The machine can differentiate a foreign body within organic matter, much like an X-Ray. For metal on metal, such as replacing engine parts, the system requires 3D blueprints and a higher degree of accuracy."
Emily continued to scowl at him despite his assurances, but it was more in response to conceding defeat to him deciding her fate without her consultation or consent.
"Something else bothering you, 7GQA9E?" he asked, noticing her expression.
"I'm still cranky with you," she glared.
"But we are in agreement?"
"Yes, I suppose so, at least for now."
"Excellent! Well, time is upon us. We should procure a vehicle and proceed to your appointment."
A short time later, Collingwood and Emily arrived at the same medical centre Emily had previously visited to check on her fertility concerns. It wasn't that she wanted to get pregnant at the time, far from it, it was just very unusual that she hadn't, and she was concerned that something was wrong with her that might prevent it one day when she did want it. It was then that she'd become aware of the IUD within her, and then later learned that Collingwood had deviously placed it there using technology she wasn't even aware existed.
"7GQA9E?" the doctor greeted. "I understand you have an illegal IUD that we must remove today?"
"That is no longer a problem," Collingwood responded before Emily could even open her mouth. "We are part of a scientific team with the military and have developed a technology that allows us to implant and remove IUDs non-surgically, which we hope to soon release to you."
"I had gathered you were military by your uniform and the strange insignia on 7GQA9E's collar," the doctor responded. "I have not heard of such technology, though. Are you confident it is still not within her?"
"You're free to examine her if you wish, but I assure you it is no longer there," Collingwood answered. "As I said, you will soon have access to this same technology so you can perform the procedures much faster and easier, with very little discomfort to the patient."
"I am intrigued," the doctor replied, cocking his head to one side as he considered the implications. "Nevertheless, I still have concerns that the device was placed within 7GQA9E without her knowledge or consent, especially since she is well below the age of a 'Mother'."
"Um... err..." Emily interrupted. "That was merely a misunderstanding at the time. I am now fully debriefed of the situation and can verify that it was done with my consent. It was purely for experimental purposes and has now been removed."
"Very well then. I shall look forward to receiving the technology in due course so I can examine it in detail," the doctor answered, seemingly satisfied with the explanation. "The other matter is, I understand you have difficulty achieving orgasm during coupling, and that is something that we can help you with today?"
"That is correct," Collingwood again butted in on Emily's behalf before she had a chance to respond.
"Okay, if you could assume 'Face Down', 7GQA9E," the doctor ordered.
Emily was about to protest but decided to just keep her mouth shut. Obviously, the procedure was happening today whether she said anything or not, so she just silently took the position on her knees with her butt in the air and reached around to hold her buttocks and labia open. Heart beating in anticipation, she knew she was about to be penetrated so she wasn't at all surprised to hear the doctor's zipper, followed by feeling him kneel behind her. A stab of fear washed through her as she acknowledged that she no longer had the IUD, briefly forgetting that she had taken the precaution of renewing her birth control implant before leaving Earth 1. She also managed to pack a few extras for future occasions like this one. Plus, she figured it didn't hurt to be doubly protected, even with the assurance of the IUD.
After a few strokes, the man came inside her. He then pulled out, zipped up and moved around where he could see her face clearly.
"Did you orgasm, 7GQA9E?" he asked, apparently quite seriously.
"Um... no, I did not," Emily replied, doing her best not to laugh at the absurdity of the question. Surely, no woman could orgasm after such a short interaction without even so much as a little foreplay. The only titillation she felt at all was the dark side of her reacting to being watched while she willingly got into this position, totally naked, and allowed herself to be fucked.
"Hmm... this is not good. You are a very beautiful woman and deserve to be rewarded when you give your gifts."
"It is a travesty indeed," Collingwood added, apparently enjoying himself.
"Mr... err... Collingwood," the doctor began. "Perhaps you can couple with 7GQA9E while I fetch some colleagues? We must determine the extent of this difficulty so we can administer the correct therapy."
"Why, certainly, sir," Collingwood beamed, immediately dropping his trousers and moving into position behind Emily, still bent over doggy-style while holding her butt-cheeks and labia open.
The doctor then left the room, leaving the couple alone.
"What are you doing, Rod?" Emily asked after some minutes where she could feel him jiggling around behind her, but nothing had happened. "Are you seriously wanking back there?"
"Yes, well, a gentleman must prepare himself for such an encounter. Plus, I must climax quickly once I enter you, lest you also climax and give these doctors the wrong impression."
"Surely you're giving them the wrong impression if you don't even give me a chance to cum," Emily protested.
"I want the best for you, my dear 7GQ," he replied. "What could be wrong with being more orgasmic than you currently are, considering the circumstances that you now live under? Now, quiet please. I must concentrate. Are you able to hold yourself a little wider?"
Emily exerted a little more pressure on her grip, pulling herself open a little more.
"Wonderful!" Collingwood exclaimed. "I am on the brink."
And with that he entered her impatient vagina, unfortunately spurting almost in the same action, just as the doctor returned with three colleagues.
"That was a long coupling," the doctor observed. "Surely you were able to orgasm this time, 7GQA9E?"
"Um, but..." Emily began, but was then cut off once again by Collingwood.
"Alas, I tried various techniques but to no avail," he lied, adding some sadness for emphasis in his tone. Emily would have overridden him and continued to explain the truth of the matter but the growing number of men watching her in this position had triggered her kink and she was unable to speak. This moment she had been thinking about with a mixture of dread and anticipation was now upon her.
"I am so sorry for you, 7GQA9E," the doctor responded. "We shall continue with the testing, but I feel certain which therapy you will require now. Take heart, soon this problem will be behind you."
Emily braced as the other three doctors entered her, and one by one came disappointingly quickly, leaving her frustrated despite the extreme level of arousal she was feeling in the circumstances. A part of her considered that if this was to be her life now then perhaps the procedure would be a welcome one. That was assuming that it didn't alter her appearance, but then she felt reassured after seeing Elizabeth close up. If Madison hadn't mentioned it, she never would have suspected that Elizabeth had it done.
Another part of her found the very idea of it completely horrific. Living completely exposed and giving herself freely to any man who wanted her was bad enough on its own, but having her body modified to be more suited to it was taking it much further. It had a permanence about it, like this wasn't just some bedroom-play or even a sex vacation where she could live out a fantasy for a few days, weeks, or even months. This was her life, and there would never be any going back to the life she had before. A medically adapted sex toy for men's pleasure. Yet she felt powerless to attempt to run or even voice any concerns.
Her thoughts were interrupted by male voices murmuring around her. She looked around at the white coats circling between her legs and pointing. She was aware that she was now up on a table with her feet in stirrups and legs splayed open. She couldn't remember getting into the position. Only brief moments of lucidity alerted her to what was going on, but those moments once again made her head spin, sending her back into a twilight sense of consciousness where her heart pounded, and everything felt warm.
Voices came and went.
"We must first irrigate your birth canal following the consecutive couplings. Please alert us if the solution is not warm enough."
Moisture.
"Now you will feel a little pressure."
Emily was briefly aware of a turkey baster-like instrument being waved between her legs followed by her vagina being penetrated.
"We are almost done, 7GQA9E. Just a few more moments."
Lights flashed and humming sounds filled the room. A warmth flooded down her neck and shoulders and into her chest, accompanied by a tingling sensation. She felt her nipples hardening but an orgasm remained elusive. It was there but not there at the same time. A state rather than a stage. A sexual nirvana. Ecstasy.
"It is done, 7GQA9E. You may dismount."
Emily heard the words but was unable to respond. Everything felt distant and surreal.
"7GQA9E?"
Fingers snapped in front of her face. A hand gently shook her shoulder.
"Um... yes. I'm sorry. What?" Emily answered, finally able to come to her senses.
"It is done. You may dismount now."
"It's over?" she asked, still not fully alert.
"Yes, it is finished."
"So, where do we go from here?" Collingwood asked the doctors. "Will 7GQA9E need to retire from giving her gift for some time as she recovers?"
"Oh, no. She will be fine immediately," the first doctor answered. "Over the next few weeks, she will notice an increase in pleasure during coupling and she should find it much easier to orgasm. If that is not the case, she should come and see me again, and we can readminister the therapy."
"So, we're free to go, and 7GQA9E is ready to couple again, even today?" Collingwood confirmed.
"Yes, absolutely. However, I am concerned that she seems to be a little wobbly on her feet."
"I don't believe that is anything to be troubled about," Collingwood responded. "7GQA9E is somewhat wanton and has been looking forward to this procedure for some time. I believe what we are witnessing here is just a manifestation of that excitement. A good coupling or two will see her right."
Emily finally snapped out of her haze and gasped at Collingwood's wilful slights on her character. Well, they would be slights in her home world. Here, enjoying promiscuity was normal, and encouraged. Madison understood that even better than most of the local women. Emily, however, was still some ways to finding complete acceptance with that.
Outside the clinic, Emily was feeling more humbled than outraged by the experience and decided against giving Collingwood a piece of her mind. What she really needed was a friend, and perhaps a lover as soon as it was convenient.
"Oh my God, Rod. I can't believe I went through with that, and that it's actually happened to me now. I've been dreading it all this time. It was one of the main reasons I didn't want to come back here, and I let you push me into it without even putting up a fight."
"You'll be better for it, you'll see," he casually replied, noticing Emily was still looking very flushed around her neck and breasts, indicating she was highly aroused. "It looks to me like you rather enjoyed the experience. For the most part you seemed to be rendered speechless."
"Um... yeah. I can't quite put my finger on why, though," Emily pondered. "Something about being changed, I think. A friend with tattoos used to tell me that she always got really horny straight after getting one. Her husband agreed and said that he experienced the same sensation. Maybe it's like that?"
"'Present', 7GQA9E."
They had just arrived back at the car and Emily was slightly confused that he had given her the command at that moment, but she did it automatically anyway.
"What are you doing, Rod?"
Without answering her, he stepped up and kissed her passionately on the mouth, pushing his tongue into hers. She returned with the same, wishing she could take her hands from behind her back and embrace him. There was an ache in her abdomen and her nipples were rock hard. She felt his hand find its way between her parted legs, skilfully dividing her labia and entering her with his middle finger. She gasped but didn't resist, despite attracting looks from several people passing by. She was aware that they were in public, and this was outside the realms of what would be considered a normal coupling in this place, but at that moment she didn't care. If anything, it added to her hunger.
Tongues intertwined and Collingwood's finger maintained a steady rhythm, his palm pressing firmly against her pubic mound. Emily closed her eyes and relished in the moment, her knees buckling as an orgasm quickly exploded throughout her body. Luckily, Collingwood wrapped an arm around her waist to support her or she felt she would have ended up convulsing and writhing on the ground. It felt like no other that she had ever experienced, beginning like a cramp in her lower abdomen and then taking over every muscle throughout her body.
"So, it seems the petals of your womanhood are thoroughly enhanced already?" Collingwood commented when at last Emily was able to pull her eyes back into focus.
"Maybe, but maybe not," Emily replied as she pondered the same thing. "It's probably more that my masochism was triggered from the whole experience. Not to mention by being gang-banged just now, without getting the chance to get off."
"I guess we shall see in the coming days then," he winked.
The ride back to the base was largely in silence as Emily thought about what she had just done by going along with the therapy. Did she have a choice about it anyway? Perhaps she could have put her foot down and drawn on her position as Envoy to ask for exemption? Maybe she could have gone AWOL, requisitioned the ship on the sly, then returned home? That would invariably end in a court-martial and mean spending time in the stockade but at least the crew wouldn't be marooned here indefinitely due to her actions, and she would be unlikely to be sent back here again. Another option could be to use the ship to jump to another world where she would be unlikely to be tracked down. That would also mean giving up everything in her life, not just the bad things, and never seeing anyone she cared about ever again. Both of those options would also mean not being able to live her kink anymore, which a part of her knew she would regret. No, going through with it was her only option.
Back at the base, she followed Collingwood back to the lab and stood around expectantly as he returned to his workstation.
"What is it, 7GQ?" he asked, finally noticing her presence, and turning to look at her.
"The IUD?" she glared, surprised he would forget such a thing.
"Oh, I didn't think it necessary anymore. They are illegal for women of your age, after all," he replied dismissively before turning back to his work.
Emily started at his back for several seconds, completely stunned at the response.
"Are you fucking kidding me, Rod?"
"C'mon now, 7GQ," he responded, turning back to her with a half grin. "You are rather becoming when swollen with child. It is rare for men such as I to witness the beauty of pregnancy in a woman's full naked glory. You would not deprive me of that gift, would you?"
Emily wasn't in the mood for his games. Now that she'd had an orgasm, her mind had returned to a level of rationality, at least for the time being, and she was feeling more than a little overwhelmed with what she had done that day.
"Fine. Have it your way. I have plenty of implants from home so I'm not going to get pregnant anyway," she huffed, before turning and walking away.
"Wait! I was just teasing you," he called after her, but it was too late. She was already on her way down the hall.
Emily wasn't even sure where she was going as she proceeded away from Collingwood. She was a whirlwind of confused emotions. Part of her felt overwhelmed with the seriousness of what she had allowed to be done to her that morning. She had consented to her body being altered to become better suited to this world of nudity and free use of her body. Always displayed and always available. It was completely contrary to the career woman she was just a few years ago, and still thought herself to be even now. A career that had been largely successful, seeing her surge ahead of her peers to become a starship captain, and now an envoy in a foreign world. However, if her old colleagues could see her now, and what her most recent promotion entailed, how would they ever take her seriously? She would be a laughingstock. There was no question.
At the same time, an undeniable part of her liked what she had done and eagerly anticipated seeing the results in the coming days and weeks. That part of her liked thinking about her old colleagues seeing what she had become and laughing at her. Her eyes rolled back as she thought about it. She imagined herself standing in a room naked as she masturbated. Around her, people in military uniforms jeered and laughed that she was unable to control herself and did nothing to cover up. She couldn't cover herself anyway. She had no clothes. The other people around her had clothes but she did not. She wasn't allowed clothes. She wasn't in the same class of human as them. She was a slave. A toy for their amusement and entertainment. Her task was to show them her orgasm, and then afterwards do whatever they wanted.
"Watcha doing, Em?"
Emily opened her eyes and saw Madison in front of her. She looked around and noticed several other people staring in the hallway behind her. She then looked down and noticed her hand between her legs, her middle finger deep within her pussy. She quickly pulled her hand away and stared back at Madison in shock, her face reddening and mouth agape as she tried to think of what words she could say to explain the situation.
"I...I... err..." she began. "I just had that procedure we were talking about, and... err... I think there might be something wrong with me..."
"Hmm.... Yes, I think you might be onto something there, Em," Madison replied with a furrowed brow. "C'mon, let's get you back to your quarters and sort you out."
Emily's stunned expression didn't alter as she glanced at Madison's proffered hand. She unconsciously took it and allowed herself to be led away from the scene. Minutes later she was back in the women's quarters and sitting on her bed.
"Did they drug you, Em?" Madison asked. "They don't usually sedate women for that procedure, but you seem really spaced out."
"I don't think they did," Emily replied honestly. "It started when the doctors lined up and coupled with me one after the other to test my response, and it's been coming and going ever since. I think it's that kink of mine causing it. Allowing this procedure to happen to me today has triggered it like I've never felt before, but I feel like I'm losing my mind, Maddie!"
"What's going to calm you down then?" Madison asked. "Do you need me to get you off maybe, or do we need to get your mind off sex for a while?"
"I think the latter," Emily considered. "Maybe doing something normal and non-sexual would help bring me back to reality."
"I got a puzzle book full of crosswords and other word games. Would that help?"
"It's worth a try."
Emily spent the rest of the day working on puzzles, but try as she might, her mind kept reverting back to the events of the morning, and she'd find "Dark Emily" taking over again. Still, the puzzles did help. For one thing, her mind cleared enough to know that she would have to find Collingwood again the following day to get him to reinstall the IUD, and this time she wouldn't take any nonsense from him. The contraceptive implants gave her assurance that she wouldn't get pregnant, but it was just a backup plan. She would feel at much greater ease with the IUD back in place.
Then there were the effects of the "enhancing the petals of her womanhood" procedure to deal with in the coming weeks, whatever they were going to be. She hoped they would only mean easier orgasms as she had been promised, and not a constant high level of arousal that would make it impossible to keep "Dark Emily" at bay.
Time would only tell...