Steve and Mark had been best friends since highschool. They never really got along with anyone else at school and mostly stuck to themselves. Both of them didn't have the best childhoods and were left to their own devices when they were young, but especially when they were teenagers.
Being two loaner teenage boys left on their own led them down some dark paths, drugs, drinking, but never girls. They didn't work out, they weren't in shape, and they weren't attractive to the girls they knew, or at least that's what they remember. The only time either of them have had sex it's been with a hooker. Cheap, dirty and fast. Both Mark and Steve spent a lot of time watching porn, most of it rough, extreme and intense.
Even with their youth built on depravity they were both smart, smart enough to get into college and the computer science program. Most people who get into these programs are destined to work for Google, Microsoft or Apple. But Mark and Steve didn't have this desire, what they wanted to do was to have sex, to get off, to get back at the bitches who ignored them when they were younger.
One night over way too many drinks they came up with an idea to achieve their goals. The Game was the idea and over the next few months they worked on building it, on making it their ultimate tool to see girls do dirty things for their pleasure. Both of them had no idea how it would go, or who would actually play the game, but they should have known in the age of constant selfies and showing off that girls would be drawn in. Now they sat back in their basement apartment watching girls debase themselves as they tried to come up with what to do next.
*** Olivia ***
The next morning Olivia woke up as the sun started to creep through the drapes. Her eyes slowly opened and she saw Charlotte had come back at some point and was cuddled up in bed with her blanket. As her mind continued to wake from it's slumber she started to remember the night before and especially playing The Game. While her mind started to remember she felt something strange below. As her legs moved she could feel wetness. She didn't put the clues together until she looked under the blanket and pulled her sweatpants outward so she could see her panties. They were completely soaked. "Jesus christ," she whispered as she put her pants back in place and pulled the blanket back up.
As she laid back on her bed her eyes focused on the ceiling looking at nothing. Her mind on the other hand wasn't thinking of nothing, it was thinking back to how The Game had affected her. She felt alive, excited and scared all at the same time. At first she thought the tasks were all dumb, but then came the harder things, the more sexual tasks, and everything started to become real. She thought back to how worried she was that the twerking video would be sent to her family and how she finished the next task to protect herself. As her mind continued to think about the fun she had, her left arm moved and grabbed her phone from her desk. Without thinking she opened the app for the The Game.
Every logical part of her body was telling her to close the app, to delete it, to never think about it again. She knew it was bad. It was risky. There was no reason she should even be looking at it. She should be focused on her classes that start tomorrow. She should be thinking about making new friends, about finding a way to be happy this far from everyone she knows. But even with all of this logic flooding within her the desire to feel that excitement from the night before won out.
Task 5?
Her finger pressed "Yes" as her heart beat faster.
Task 5: Show Panties
2:00
Her eyes scanned the words on the screen over and over, "Show Panties". This time around she knew that if she didn't everything she did before would be sent to everyone she knows. This means a video of her showing her cleavage to this random app. Her parents would kill her, a couple of days in college and already fooling around. She knew she was going to show her panties, she knew she had no choice, but she let the clock click down anyway, 1:01, 1:00, :59. Olivia wanted to feel the rush as the clock dropped, she could feel her pussy dripping in her pants. A few more seconds she thought silently, :41, :40, :39. She pushed the covers down and pushed her sweatpants away revealing not just panties, but her soaking panties and showed them to her phone. She could feel her cheeks blush, her heart beating felt like it was beating through her chest, and through it all, she loved it.
Task 5 Completed!
Ready for level 3?
The app congratulated her on finishing her task and she smiled, she loved the feeling of succeeding, of doing something, of moving forward in this game. Was she ready for the next level? Of course she was. "Yes" was the only possible answer.
Task 1?
Was she ready to do the next task right now she thought to herself. Charlotte was still in her room and if it had anything to do with dancing or twerking she wouldn't be able to do it. It was a risk to press "Yes" right now but she did it anyway.
Task 1: Suck Finger
1:00
Olivia chuckled to herself, realizing that this was very far from having to get up and dance. Her finger came up to her mouth and she slowly pushed it in and sucked it. It was almost like her body took over from her mind and her lips automatically started sucking her finger much more sexually then she planned on. She stopped herself as soon as she noticed.
Task 1 Completed!
Task 2?
Olivia pressed "Yes" without even thinking about it.
Task 2: Blow a Kiss
1:00
She whispered to herself, "are we back to easy tasks again?" before bringing her hand to lips, kissing and moving her hand away as instructed.
Task 2 Completed!
Task 3?
"Yes!" she said in a low tone before actually pressing the button.
Task 3: Show Bra
1:00
Olivia's face turned red as this new task actually made her pause for a moment. She knew she didn't have long and she had to do it. Not only because she didn't want her videos shown, but because the desire in her to do it was growing stronger. Her mind was done playing it's games. Her hand moved and pushed the covers down exposing her hoodie. Quickly she glanced over at Charlotte making sure she was still not awake. Slowly, trying to keep the sound down, she unzipped her hoodie completely. Her hand moved the fabric to the sides exposing her white cotton bra. She couldn't believe she was about to do this. To some girls this may not be much, but to her this was new and unheard of. The phone was brought up and she showed off her bra to the camera. It felt good.
Task 3 Completed!
Task 4?
She was in a groove now, she couldn't think of a way she could stop herself. "Yes".
Task 4: Show Panty Covered Ass
1:00
Her pussy was somehow getting wetter at each task. Her fear of getting caught was either diminishing or turning her on more, she wasn't sure. Olivia flipped over onto her stomach and pushed her covers off of her and took a deep breath. One more quick glance over to Charlotte just to check, and then she pushed her sweat pants down over her ass exposing her panties. A quick motion with her phone to capture the task and she pulled her covers back up, but not her pants.
Task 4 Completed!
Task 5?
Olivia almost let a moan out when she read it. Of course she was pressing "Yes".
Task 5: Slap Ass
1:00
She had never slapped her ass before, or had anyone do it, and had no idea how it felt. It seemed like a strange thing to do, something taboo, her sheltered upbringing shining through again. Of course she had heard of it before. This task played with her mind a little harder, suddenly this wasn't just showing something, this was doing something more sexual. Without noticing she moved her hips a little grinding her pussy into her bed. The issue wasn't if she would do it, she had to do it, it was doing it without waking up her roommate. She developed a plan. Slap ass, pull blanket, all in one swift motion. Olivia took a deep breath and did it, her hand coming down harder then she planned on her ass, a loud SNAP echoed through the room. As soon as her hand moved away from her ass she pulled up the blanket and covered herself up. She looked over at Charlotte and saw her toss and turn and eventually turn over and looked at Olivia, eyes open. "Good morning," she said.
Task 5 Completed!
Ready for Level 4?
Olivia closed the app and put her phone away. Her heart was still racing, no pounding, her ass stung from her slap, and her pussy was drenched. This was not the morning she thought she was going to have.
"Good morning," she said back to Charlotte. She flipped over while pulling her blanket up to cover her body. She forgot that her hoodie was still open and flashed her bra to her roommate by accident. Luckily Charlotte didn't seem to think anything of it.
Over the next few minutes Olivia worked to get her pants back in place and her hoodie zipped up without calling too much attention to herself. Charlotte was still in and out of sleep and looking at her phone so it wasn't too difficult. Eventually Olivia was able to get out of bed.
"Ummm, I'm just going to go and hop in the shower," Olivia said while grabbing her shower stuff and a change of clothes. As she did she realized it was later then she thought, almost noon. "Do you want to grab breakfast when I get back?"
Charlotte looked at her and said, "Ya, sounds good, see you in a bit". And with that Olivia was off to the showers.
The dorm she was in had communal washrooms, a male washroom and a female washroom. In order to take a shower, a piss, or a shit, you had to go there. She needed a shower, not only because she needed to clean herself, but also because she needed to calm herself down. The Game had turned her into a bit of a mess over the last night and morning and she needed to be shocked back to reality. The water washed over her face and head and down her body washing away her filth and also the lust that had built up in her.
Olivia and Charlotte went off to breakfast together. They decided to head to a small pub on campus instead of the usual food hall. Olivia wore a yellow sundress that ended just above her knees and Charlotte had on grey leggings and a sleeveless t-shirt that came down just above her ass. It was obvious Charlotte either liked to work out, or liked people to think she liked to work out.
Most of their discussion over breakfast was about their lives before college and what they planned to do at college. Olivia learned that Charlotte's parents weren't home much which meant that she got into a lot more mischief then she should have, but overall her highschool years were good. Olivia filled Charlotte in on her home life, the strictness and how it was hard being so far away. As they finished their food the conversation switched gears.
"So, did you end up playing The Game at all?" Charlotte asked while taking a sip of her orange juice.
"Uh ya," Olivia stumbled, "I played a little."
"Well what task did you get too?"
"Ummm, I finished level three actually, sooooo that's like 15 tasks," Olivia answered looking up at Charlottes surprised eyes.
"Woah! I didn't even know there were levels!"
Olivia didn't say anything, she waited for Charlotte to continue, she knew there would be more questions.
"How many levels are there anyway?" Charlotte asked genuinely interested now.
"I have no idea actually... when you finish some tasks it will eventually say you have completed a level and move you on to the next one," she answered looking down a little awkwardly.
"Well fuck, tell me what you had to do!" Charlotte continued.
"Uhhhhh... well...," Olivia didn't know how to respond.
"Oh just tell me, how bad could it be?"
Olivia paused for a second, took a little breath and then spit it out, "Well I had to show my bra and panties basically... well basically that was the worst parts."
"Wow," Charlotte smiled at Olivia, "little sheltered girl showing her panties to an app... naughty!"
Both Olivia and Charlotte laughed and continued their conversation in a different direction. Olivia was glad to move on and not get pushed into too much information, but also felt good that Charlotte didn't judge her. Charlotte thought what she did was tame. For the first time since she got to her new school Olivia was feeling like herself.
Eventually they finished breakfast and went their separate ways. Olivia back to her room, where else would she go, and Charlotte off to the gym.
Olivia sat down on her bad and wondered what she was going to do for the rest of the day. She opened her phone and checked her e-mails quick before switching over to instagram and started to scroll through photos. She thought about her family again, her friends, and how far everything was. She felt detached from everything back home, it was like she was in another world all by herself. Olivia tried to call her sister to chat but no one answered. As she reached the end of new photos on instagram she fell back on her bed bored.
It seemed inevitable, eventually her mind started thinking about The Game again. Olivia thought if she could stay busy she would be able to keep her mind from thinking about the stupid app on her phone, but now that she was bored her mind wandered and she was back at it again.
"Fuck it," she said and opened the app. She decided to check the leaderboard first just to see where she sat. 176 now. A smile grew on her face. She had moved up 100 places since last night. Olivia didn't know exactly how to take the news. On the one hand she moved up, she was getting closer to the top, to winning, but on the other hand it means she did more than all of those other girls. There were only 176 people who did more than her. She struggled to think of this word and connect it to her, but there were only 176 people sluttier than her, it was a weird feeling, she never thought of herself like that, but one thing was certain, her pussy loved the thought of it as it started to soak itself again.
Her fingers maneuvered her out of the leaderboard and back to the main screen. The same words from before stood clearly before her eyes.
Task 5 Completed!
Ready for Level 4?
Her fingers trembled as she pressed "Yes"
Task 1?
She pressed "Yes" again, no hesitation.
Task 1: Remove Top
1:00
She read the words and realized she only had her dress on. After a second she pulled her arms out from the strings holding it up and let it fall down to her waist. Her baby blue cotton bra was now out in the open. She felt excited, free, exhilarated. Olivia couldn't wait to continue.
Task 1 Completed!
Task 2?
"Fuck yes," she said and pressed the button.
Task 2: Remove bottoms
1:00
Almost immediately Olivia stood up and let her dress fall off her and into a pile on the ground. Her blue boyshort panties coming into view.
Task 2 Completed!
Task 3?
"Yes" was pressed immediately. Her heart was pounding.
Task 3: Dance for 2 minutes
3:00
Olivia's face turned bright red, she didn't know how to dance, or at least wasn't good at it. But she was so turned on, so full of lust and excitement that she just started to move, to sway her hips, to run her hands up and down her body. Her eyes closed and her mind wandered and she moved around her room. When she opened her eyes the task had already been completed.
Task 3 Completed!
Task 4?
"God yes!" she said more loudly and pressed the button.
Task 4: Touch Breasts Over Bra
1:00
Her hands moved up and she started to massage her tits through the material.
Task 4 Completed!
Task 5?
"Yes!"
Task 5: Touch Pussy Over Panties
1:00
Her hand moved from her chest down her body to her pussy. She slowly started to rub her soaking hole through the fabric. There was a big wet patch and she ground it back into where the wetness came from. The task was completed almost immediately but she kept rubbing herself longer. She was starting to lose control.
Task 5 Completed!
Ready for Level 5?
Olivia looked down at her phone and the question. She wondered what Level 5 could be, but knew she needed to do it. "Yes".
Task 1?
"Yes, yes yes!" she said.
The next five tasks flew by. Everything that popped up she did immediately pressed "yes" without even thinking. The first was to remove her bra exposing her bar tits to the app. The second was to touch her breasts which she did immediately and longer then she needed too. Task three was to remove her panties. That took her a second to do, but only a second as she dropped them down to her ankles. Standing in her room completely naked letting the app see her completely her pussy was dripping. Task four was to bend over and show off her naked ass. Done without a second thought. And finally Task 5, she had to touch her wet pussy. She was losing her mind to lust by this point and her fingers went straight for her wet mound. The part of her mind that would usually fight back was suppressed somewhere deep and didn't even try to fight back.
Level 5 Completed!
Ready for Level 6?
Her fingers pressed "Yes" right way, just like usual.
Task 1?
"Yes" again.
Once again Olivia rushed through the tasks, playing with her tits, pinching her nipples, licking them even. These were all things she had only heard about, maybe seen in one of the few porn videos she had watched. It was all new to her and maybe that's why it turned her on so much. Before she knew it she was on to level 7.
Level 6 Completed!
Ready for Level 7?
"Yes" was pressed and she pushed ahead.
She started with the first task, touching her pussy. The second task was actually to check her wetness, to inspect it, to see how turned on she was. She knew she didn't need to see anything to know, but she followed the instructions anyway, even taking a quick and hopefully secret sniff. To her relief the third task was to rub her clit for 30 seconds and she did it willingly. Her eyes closed shut as she did, she moaned openly loving everything. Task four was running her finger through her amazing wet slit before task five which was to insert her finger into her waiting pussy. Her body and her mind was loving every second of the game. The waiting for each task to come and go was driving her wild. Normally she would just masturbate but now she had to do what she was told, wait, read, and complete the task. The feeling of being controlled turned her on even more.
Level 8 started and took her down a path she hadn't tried before.
Task 1: Show Naked Ass
1:00
This was easy for Olivia since she was already naked. She flipped over immediately and presented her naked ass to the camera.
Task 2: Spread Ass Cheeks
1:00
Her hand reached around her back and grabbed her ass cheek and pulled it to the side. She had never shown off her little asshole like this before. It was puckered shut like a good catholic girl. It felt so hot to show it off like a slut.
Task 3: Lick Finger and Rub it on Asshole
2:00
Olivia knew what was coming up, where all of this was heading. She had never had anything up her butt before. Her good christian upbringing always knew that anal was bad, sodomy was evil, it was wrong, or at least that's what she was taught. As she laid there, ass in the air, thinking about how wrong it was her finger went to her mouth and she licked it making it dripping wet. She moved it around to her ass and gently rubbed it against her virgin hole. It made her squirm and her pussy somehow dripped more.
Task 4: Push Tip of Finger into Ass
3:00
Three minutes, that was the time she had to ease the tip into her ass. It seemed like a long time, and not long enough all at once. Was three minutes enough to tear away years of conditioning, hours upon hours of teachings on what was wrong and right? Apparently it was as Olivia easy pushed the tip of her finger into her ass.
Task 5: Put Full Finger into Ass
3:00
This time Olivia didn't even need 3 seconds. Her finger went into her ass easily like it was being sucked in. She let out a moan as it entered and she felt a little pain. Her mind raced as the pleasure of feeling accomplished, of feeling slutty and being on the high of extreme horniness meshed with the slight pain of her ass receiving something for the first time. It all worked together to make her feel the best feeling of her life.
Level 9 came and went quickly as it focused on her pussy. It progressed from sucking her fingers and tasting her wet pussy to finger fucking herself with two fingers for two minutes. It drove her wild doing all of this and showing it to the camera, letting whoever was behind the game see it. The time limits, even on the things that felt amazing, were hard to deal with, but also made the whole game hotter for her. Masturbating and wanting to cum is stopped by a limit of time. Having to do what she is told when she is told to do it. It all came together to make an experience like she had never tried.
Level 10 started and she hoped it would end with her cumming finally. She had worked herself up so much that she didn't know how much longer she could hold on.
Task 1: Suck on Marker and Insert into Ass
2:00
Olivia grabbed a marker from her desk and slid it into her mouth sucking on it deeply. She let the time keep clicking down, watching it get closer to the end, :23, :22, :21, the warning about everything being sent to her contacts popped up. Her heart pounded as the level of risk grew. She was loving that everything could come crashing down so soon. Never in her life would she have thought she would like this adrenaline, this extremely risk play, but here she was living for it. Finally she moved the marker from her mouth and slide it into her ass quickly and deeply.
Task 2: Fuck Your Ass for 2 Mins
3:00
Her hand started to move in and out dragging the marker with it. Her eyes closed and moans started to escape her limits. "Fuckkkkkkk," she said out loud as she focused on this new feeling that she loved. Olivia couldn't believe in a matter of minutes she went from being an anal virgin to being someone who was thinking about having more in her ass.
Task 3: Fuck Ass and Rub Clit for 2 Mins
3:00
Olivia continued fucking her ass with the marker and her other hand came over and started to rub her clit. Her body was starting to shake and move around, trying to get as much of the marker up her ass as she could. The fingers on her clit moved faster and rougher and her moans continued to grow in volume. She felt amazing.
Task 4: Insert 2 Fingers into Pussy while Fucking Ass
2:00
Two fingers roughly pushed their way into Olivia's drenched hole. She could hear the sloppiness of her cunt as her fingers rammed in harder and harder, deeper and deeper. "Fuck, fuck fuck... yessssss!" she yelled out not caring who heard. This was all so new to her, these feelings, these tasks, doing this so blatantly. Her mind, her heart, everything was beating and working overtime.
Task 5: Continue to Masturbate and Cum
15:00
These were the words that Olivia had been waiting for. She now, finally, was going to be able to cum. Fifteen minutes was ridiculous she thought fleetingly. She needed a minute, maybe two, she was so worked up, so on edge. Her hips started to buck back and forth forcing the marker and her fingers into her two holes faster and harder then she thought possible. Seconds passed that seemed like hours as her orgasm grew within her. Closer and closer she could feel it, any second now... "YYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!" Olivia screamed as she collapsed on her bed, her fingers falling from her hole, but the marker staying wedged inside. Her whole body felt amazing, like it was on fire, but in a good way. She tingled and melted and her mind switched off. Olivia's eyes closed as she began to fall asleep while The Game updated, "Level 10 Completed!"
Eventually she woke up, her eyes fluttering and trying to make sense of what was going on. It was darker in her room now, except for a single bright light. How many hours did she sleep? As everything in her mind started to come back to life she saw Charlotte at her desk doing something on her computer.
"Well hello there sleepyhead," Charlotte said turning to talk to Olivia.
"Uh... hi," Olivia was still groggy, partially from just waking up, and partially from having her best ever orgasm.
"Well it looks like you had some fun in here," Charlotte chucked while looking down at the floor beside Olivia's bed and eyeing the pile of clothes there, her dress, bra and panties. Olivia's face went bright right. "I was quite surprised when I walked in from the gym to find you laying in bed, tits completely exposed and your clothes all piled up on the floor."
That was the first time Olivia realized her blanket was down closer to her waist then her neck and her tits were out. Her hands quickly grabbed the blanket and pulled it up hiding herself.
"I... uh..." Olivia had no idea what to say and her face felt like it was burning from embarrassment.
"Playing the game again?" Charlotte inquired.
"Uh, ya..." Olivia returned sheepishly.
"You really like it huh?"
"Ya, it's, you know different for me," Olivia paused, "I didn't do anything crazy in highschool, so I guess this is me doing something crazy." As she said it, it made sense. Maybe this was her just trying something new.
"Well as long as you're having fun," Charlotte chuckled again, "want to grab dinner?"
Olivia couldn't believe how long she had slept, how could it be dinner time already.
"Ya, sure, I guess, let me just get ready."
Olivia reached over the edge of her bed to grab her clothes and tried putting them on under her blanket.
"What are you doing?" Charlotte asked laughing now,
"Getting dressed?" Olivia replied confused.
"Jesus, just get up and get dressed. We're roommates, we're going to see each other naked."
Olivia blushed again. She realized she really did miss out on a lot in highschool if Charlotte was any indication. She slowly got up and moved the blanket out of the way showing off her body to Charlotte. Her slightly too large stomach and thighs, her clean shaven pussy and her tits all coming into view. She felt vulnerable, like she was on display, and for some reason that made her pussy sparkle with wetness. Her hands quickly pulled her panties on to hide it. "Why is this happening?" she asked herself silently. Her clothes came on and she was ready to leave with Charlotte. Before stepping out the door she checked the app.
Level 10 Completed!
Level 11?
She didn't click "Yes", she needed a break, but she did check the leaderboard. Finally she found her name, farfromhome, number 46. Olivia smiled to herself.