In this chapter: The sexy 18 year-old office flirt is groped to orgasm while helpless in a packed railway carriage en route to work via the underground tube and later, at the end of a provocative up close and personal fashion parade she confesses to her father, among other surprises, that it was a big carrot dipped in baby oil that initiated her into vaginal orgasms long before any penis did the trick.
*
Picture perfect Jenny, randy Raymond's saucy 18 year-old personal secretary with the Playboy body, is going to make the most of what is typically a mad Monday. She has every reason to feel in a sexy mood as she heads to the underground tube with good news to tell her boss of her success in negotiating skills at the weekend.
She wants so much to impress her boss that she is not just a pretty face with a hot body, that she can out-negotiate a wily old bastard in a deal that Raymond couldn't get without her help. Today she will gloat over that and she dresses to make him drool for her so she can deny him for a change.
She looks like something better than a centrefold in her five-inch high platform shoes, plunging neckline in half cup lace trim bra clutching her firm 38-inch puffy pointer breasts under a translucent satin blouse but as usual, her coup de gras outfit is her never-ending choice of sensationally sexy micro mini skirts.
This one is so short it only just comes to the bottom of her buttocks when standing normal. It is a form hugging satin material design that advertises her tight but upright fleshy butt and at the back zips undone from the hemline up to the waist. And that is a very short distance for a zipper to be zipped.
She knows she will sit in his office at one stage, no doubt to go over upcoming matters of the week, and she always likes to cross her legs several times and fidget so he gets an exciting look between her shapely tanned thighs. For this reason she has put on her most provocative yet g-string. The panties you wear when you are not really wearing anything.
She buys them by mail order from Germany where hot swimwear products have taken on a new meaning for exhibitionists like her. It is in the shape of a narrow tree leaf designed to merely go across the crack of a woman's pussy, leaving bare the smooth outer labia. This will send her boss frothing if she can flash a few glimpses as she sits in his office. He always positions the visitor's chair the right distance and spot so he gets to look up her skirt every time.
She knows if Raymond sees this he will want to bring forward his jet trip to the capital and the swish penthouse hotel business life style she thinks she can handle as good as Julia Roberts did in the movie Pretty Woman. Jenny never travels to work by rail but her car is being serviced today so she is roughing it with the swollen tide of commuters and the usual underground riff-raff of pick pocket thieves and other undesirables she shudders to think about.
She rushes to board the carriage in its usual peak hour crush and is lucky to even get on board it is so jam-packed with human cargo. This annoys her as she is must stretch high to grab an overhead passenger hand strap with both hands to keep her balance in her very high heels. Her carriage is packed like a can of sardines and she can't move.
She curses under her breath as bodies are literally pressing into each other and her perfectly ironed white blouse is bound to be all crinkled up and she fears her new micro mini will look like she's been through the mill as the railway carriage sways about around the bends and pitches everybody almost off their feet when it comes to another station.
She hates the underground tube and prefers to be spoilt rather than mix with this rough and tumble lot and its proliferation of foreigners who mostly chatter in languages she can't even understand. Someone has rap music blaring. She struggles to keep her balance and is almost on tiptoes to reach with both hands the overhead strap.
She knows her skirt is riding up above the tops of her thighs the way she is hanging on but is helpless to do anything about it. The only good thing about being packed in so tight is that nobody can see her plight. She thinks.
It is a 40-minute trip and the carriage pitches about and she wonders if her blouse will make the distance the way bodies keep bumping against others, going this way one moment and that way the next. Suddenly her worst fears come to haunt her: the lights go out and it's pitch-black darkness but at least the air conditioning is still working. The intercom crackles to life and a weak apology is offered from the transit system for temporary inconvenience. Yes, the lights should be restored again within 10 minutes.
Jenny can't believe this is happening. Here she is, on one of her most look forward to days at the office and she's stuck right in the middle of a packed subway carriage in pitch dark. The rap music continues to blare out its monotonous beat, voices are louder and more agitated and she is struggling to hold on to the overhead strap. Never again, never again she vows after this humiliating experience. What a far cry she thinks from Saturday night when she was the centre of attention in her stunning evening gown at the plush six-star Ritz Hotel winning admiring glances from all directions. The foyer was the size of a football field and she seemed to be centre stage but now on Mad Monday she is just another sardine squeezed into a railway carriage with no room to move.
Her thoughts about her sexy Saturday night suddenly are interrupted with a strange sensation that something is moving under her skirt. There it is again. She feels a warm hand creeping ever so softly all over her bare arse. My God, she thinks, someone has unzipped her from the back, but who? She can't even turn around she is pinned in so tight and if she lets go the overhead strap in the dark she may not even find it again or someone else will take it. She must hang on.
"Who is that? What are you doing? She whispers aloud hoping whoever it is will stop groping her. Instead all she hears is the rap music and My God, the hand is sliding under her arse right between her legs. Suddenly she hears the voice coming from behind her but it could be from three different places. She can't turn around and is now scared.
Suddenly a croaky voice whispers crudely in her ear. "Hey slut, if you don't open those pretty legs of yours for me your sexy little skirt won't be any use to you again. Now do it!" For the first time in her life, the exhibitionist is genuinely frightened and does what he says. The crude voice is back again. "Hey slut, don't even think about turning around or your skirt won't be worth wearing again"
She now feels two hands. Is there one person or two? One hand comes around from the right hand side of her and slides under her leaf shaped and leaf sized panty and in one quick jerking movement snaps it off her body, falling somewhere to the darkened floor. Fingers are sliding into her crack, probing for her clitoris. He's at her ear again: "Bet you'd fuck a tramp if you could, you hot bitch."
His fingers play triumphantly around her upstanding clit, forcing her to take more and more deep breaths. Another hoarse whisper: "Do ya like this ya hot tart? Good isn't it? I know because your cunt is wet and shows you want it?" She shivers as the voice is up to her ear: "Nice cunt you've got, no hair there eh? You're wet down there you prick-teasing harlot. This why you wear your skirts so short you bitch so you can advertise your hot box?"
Jenny is barely able to hang on to the overhead strap to stay on her feet. He has one hand working her clit and the other hand roaming over her bare arse, between the cheeks and pushing up into her anus in quick jabs Jenny likes to dominate a man in playtimes but is now seriously subservient not knowing if he has a knife and will jab her.
The sexual tension builds in her loins from this pitch-dark assault. Why doesn'tshe call out for help, she demands to know of herself, only to be answered by her better judgement that it's safer to succumb and let him have his filthy crude way with her rather than risk being injured by fighting. Safety first, not pride. She can imagine her clothes being torn off her and that would be a fate worse than him fingering her in the dark. She has no choice but to let him have his way with her and hope for the best.
"Come on bitch, I can feel you shaking, you like my fingers in your cunt don't you," he whispers loudly at her to get around the noise of the rap music. "Tell me slut, tell me!" Jenny is almost collapsing from exhaustion by trying to hold herself upright, her mini skirt is bunched up above her hips and she can't resist the eroticism now gaining control of her, overriding her earlier fear and now victim to the power of human lust. She can hear him again but can't tell which person it is. He moves from one ear to the other. Everything is either shadows or a blur, but not the experienced hand under her skirt, finding all the crevices of her dripping vagina. He jerks her pony tail back.
"Can't hear you? Tell me you like my fingers in your cunt " She leans back hoping he can hear and whimpers "Yes. I like your fingers in my cunt.... ohhh, ohhh, ohhh." Jenny is climaxing and he puts a hand over her mouth to muffle her emotional cries.
She can hardly stay on her feet and she is still trembling, partly from the orgasm and partly from fright. But suddenly it is over. His fingers are gone. His hands are gone. His voice is gone. He is gone. Who was it? She shudders to think what will happen when the lights come on. She is sexually assaulted in the pitch dark, her g-string is ripped off her body, someone fondles all over her arse, between her legs and all over her genitals, gives her an orgasm and completely disappears in less than 10 minutes. She will never ever travel by the train again.
She wants to cry but suddenly the lights are back on and the train is pulling into a station. She looks anxiously around to see who it might have been. That man with the briefcase? That man with the backpack? The man in overalls? The man in the tracksuit? The priest looking at her? She tries to match that voice to these faces and clothes but it doesn't make sense.
People are getting off the train and she hurriedly remembers to pull her skirt down and zip it up again. She finds her g-string on the floor. Trodden on. The crumpled bit of narrow leaf shaped opaque flimsy piece of material looks like a leaf fallen from a tree. She now feels like a fallen leaf. She scoops up the shorter piece of the g-string band where he snapped it off her body, hoping she may yet be able to repair it.
Ten minutes later she is off the train and heading for the office in a complete fluster -- without any pants under her micro mini. Jenny knows she must be careful until she can get some pants back on but decides she won't tell her boss or anyone what happened as they will be sure to say it's her fault and she had it coming for being a prick teaser and dressing so provocatively. She doesn't need a lecture now.
She heads up the long ramp from the platform and heads to the two levels of escalators to reach street. From there is a three- city block walk to where she works. The naked cheeks of her bum are easy to see by anyone behind her who cares to notice. When she reaches the escalators she notices about six young men with mobile phones standing around and they get on the up travel steps behind her. Some seem to be going in the same direction because she glances over her shoulder twice after moving to the second up travel escalator to reach the street and on the walk to the street they are still behind her. She realises they are taking pictures up her skirt but is powerless to do anything about it.
She arrives before the staff as usual and luckily, Raymond is already there so she can get the news to him about her success on Saturday night with the fake business magnate Mr Wilson. She will then feign illness like he did at the hotel, leaving her on her own to negotiate such important business, and she will go home. She planned on Sunday to once and for all seduce her stepfather into having sex with her after her many years yeaning for his love. But he is so naïve for such a handsome 50 year-old man she must now use more womanly guile. For teenager Jenny, it is a challenge to conquer any man by her rules and the crude attack in the darkened railway carriage upsets her confidence no end.
The boss is glad to see her looking so spunky on a Monday morning and unknown to Jenny, his golfing buddy "Mr Wilson" has already told him that their hotel dinner charade worked. Raymond got the $10,000, his golfing sidekick got Jenny into bed for no less than five fucks, one body massage and the countless mini perversions he enjoyed while she was in deep sleep from the drink between 2am and 7am. Jenny, unaware of the real deal, got a signature not worth as cracker on a fake document that earlier seemed so important to her boss.
She would be furious and no doubt in tears if she knew she was used as a tool for his devious dalliance because underneath her coy behaviour and well rehearsed lustful ways, the perfect body beautiful could easily fall in love with her boss. He seems to have a sexual appetite that works in well with hers. He is handsome and very wealthy.
"Sir, I got it, I got it, he signed the papers you wanted, but it wasn't easy...."
"Jenny that's fantastic, I knew you would come good for me." He uses his words with real deliberation. Jenny did come good, and often, and he must not let her know he is aware of it. "You certainly proved after all that you have what it takes my girl." She immediately relates to how Julia Roberts in her favourite movie Pretty Woman successfully won over Mr Cool Businessman Richard Gere in the swish hotel scenes. Her boss Raymond is thinking of her sexuality and some of the things his buddy told him they did in the Platinum Suite of the six-star Ritz Hotel on Saturday night.
"Oh sir, he was playing hard ball with me but I think I had him by the balls in the end -- I mean not literally of course but you know how I can win them over with my seductive eyes and charm. These older men are so weak when it comes to flashing just a bit of breast at them."
"Is that all you had to do?"
"Yes sir," Jenny lies. "He has a stepdaughter with tits like mine but he has never seen them so I said if I gave him just a peek of mine and since they are similar to his stepdaughter he's so besotted over, it would be like seeing her breasts."
"Jenny, you slay me and I can imagine how you got on top of him in that negotiation. It is correct to say you got on top of him, and by that I mean you had the upper hand in the end."
"Oh yes sir, I got on top of him all right, but only in a manner of speaking of course."
"Yes, of course Jenny. I am proud of you. I am so sorry about me getting sick at the last minute and not being there on Saturday night to negotiate the deal myself but you certainly knew how to handle him pretty well without me, eh? I wish I were there to see how you handled that cagey old mongrel."
"Yes sir, you would have been quite surprised how good I was."
"Well thanks for getting this document signed and I can get the legalities under way now. You certainly have earned your BMW sports car already. Now take a seat while I go through these papers for our business trip to the capital on Friday."
Jenny is so smitten by impressing him with that news she completely forgets she isn't wearing her leaf crack cover panties and leans back in his visitor's chair with her skirt riding seductively to the top of her shapely thighs. As she sits down he sees everything, but says nothing. He thinks she is doing this deliberately to make sure he takes her on the business trip.
"Put in your diary please we will be catching the 3.30pm flight out on Friday for the capital and make sure you get your gear, whatever you want to take, in plenty of time," he says. This suits Jenny as she has a new special order of hot lingerie she buys by mail order from Germany and is picking up a package today with another on its way. Just in time.
She always like to flaunt herself in front of her boss as he makes it up to her with great gifts and anyway, she gets a kick flashing in front of even older strangers -- just enough to make them want to remember her face every time they feel randy. Jenny feigns feeling sick and asks can she go home immediately before the staff arrives. He lets her go, after feigning illness himself on the previous Saturday and leaving her in the clutches of his golfing cohort posing as businessman Mr Wilson at the Ritz Hotel.
She catches a taxi to the car dealership to collect her Beamer and almost gives the cabbie a heart attack when she jumps in and can't pull her skirt down past the tops of her thighs, giving the black man the best upskirt he has seen for years -- and he's seen many. Even with her legs held close together the top of her bare pussy is evident. At the BMW dealership it is more of the same. As Jenny is a popular client because of her beauty, the service supervisor opens the driver's door for her to get behind the wheel and can't believe his eyes as her legs are spread momentarily and even when seated, her pussy is in full view. Her skirt rides even higher and into her abdomen in the moulded bucket seat as she wriggles to adjust the driving position. This time her whole pussy is open for inspection, if only for a brief moment. As she drives off the service supervisor tells the customer relations manager what he saw and they hope she books in again soon.
On the way home Jenny is working out in her mind how she will go about seducing her handsome stepfather. The one man whom she admires more than any other and to whom she will give herself willingly but he is so naïve and totally unaware of how she feels about him. Worse, he doesn't seem to take her hints. Jenny thrives on challenge and won't be satisfied until she can seduce him once and for all.
She arrives at the adult store that receives her mail orders from Germany and while there she purchases a very gimmicky pussy stimulant in the shape of a long string of oversize pearl beads that fit to a thong-type lace waist band and loop between the legs, allowing the pearls to snuggle into her vagina so that as she walks, sits or moves about the pearls -- similar in action to those used in vibrators -- will give her sexual stimulation. Something nice to wear away on her business trip and squirm on while on board the jet. The eternal aphrodisiac. This is Jenny. Liberated and in love with pleasure.
She buys a super hot micro bikini to play out her real life fantasies but especially to take away on Friday's business trip with her boss Raymond and to wear in front of her stepfather as often as possible. She can always say she is wearing clothes even though he won't miss a thing because the hot range of micro bikinis and thongs are designed for one purpose -- to promote the shape and bare appearance of the female genitals. Her thoughts are swimming about this man who took over raising her from an eight year-old after her mother died in an accident. He is 50, tall and well-built, muscular and very fit for his age and another reason why Jenny finds him so attractive.
She can only imagine what's inside his pants because the closest she ever came to seeing him naked were the times she used to sneak down the hallway to her mother's bedroom and in her early curiosity listen to them making love and sneaking a peek at their silhouettes in the dark and trying to imagine what was actually happening.
Love, she then decides, has something to do with a man going harder and deeper -. whatever that means - to make his wife happy. But at what? In the dark and trembling in fear of being caught out, she could only wonder. The only clue was the words she never forgot on one of those sneaky trips to her parent's bedroom door when he said quite loudly in the dark for her mother to open her legs wider.
Her heart beating frantically, Jenny would sneak back to her room after collecting the sounds and images in her mind to figure all this out. She discovered things by trial and tribulation but one thing was certain, being in love and making love had something to do with putting fingers in the pussy. That must be why there with so much room inside. What else could it be?
She practised many times trying to mimic her mother knowing that fingers and the pussy were hand in glove to lovemaking pleasure. Being in love must make a woman so happy and she so much wanted to be like her mother. At the time she couldn't wait to tell her classmates what she discovered.
If only she had the chance to discuss it with her mother before a drunk driver killed her. For most of the next 12 months Jenny lost all interest in her own pussy and thoughts of pleasure but as time healed the sadness of losing her mother she began to feel stronger affection for her stepfather. He married her mother five years after Jenny was born. Now with the ultra sexy micro bikini in hand she intends to parade for him, she wants him to see her as she is today, not the flaunting kid she used to be. In Jenny's eyes, her stepfather is her hero. He never re-married and raised her on his own since she was almost nine. Nor did he ever exploit her innocence when he so easily could.
At school her classmates exchanged stories about their sexuality and experiences in growing up. Jenny got the impression she was missing out because her father was never like any of those. This is why Jenny became such a prick teasing office flirt when she started work. She elected to take her frustration out on other men because her own stepfather did not seem excited by her emerging womanhood. Today though, she is determined to change all that.
She will warm him up by asking him to give his opinion on the new micro bikini she will parade in front of him. These micro bikinis are so hot they appear to be designed for nude beaches or places where a woman can boldly display her full figure in the most exhibitionist way. All Jenny is thinking about now is how she can do this successfully and not look cheap in his eyes. For many years it has been her goal to share his bed and no longer be denied.
The outfit she purchases is merely a small triangle of material about the size of a matchbox that sits just above her pussy and a thin strand of material drops into the vaginal crack and comes up the crack of her bum to a thin waistband She picks this style above several others just as exciting and revealing because the cord part that drops into the crack of her pussy acts as a stimulus to her clitoris and having two rings pierced into her sweet spot she expects it will add even more to her pleasure when moving about.
Jenny likes to wear these hot garments because she knows that at heart, many women secretly want to show off their bodies to men -- even their private parts - not just their husbands, boyfriends or lovers but to complete strangers for the thrill of it knowing how it must excite the opposite sex. And maybe the same sex, too. She pulls into the driveway but is not expecting to discover what she sees once she enters the house. Her stepfather thinks she is at work and is not expecting her home this early. As Jenny unlatches the door she can hear voices in the living room so she discretely creeps in thinking her daddy has a woman friend he hasn't told her about. She gets a big surprise.
Open mouthed and in shock she can see him lying naked on the couch watching a porn movie. The size of his cock gets her immediate attention. He is stroking it and bending it around as if it's a toy on some kind of a swivel. She dare not let him know she can see him -- the embarrassment would be beyond belief. "My God" she mutters under her breath, "it's like a light pole." She unintentionally licks her lips like a cat that gets the cream in an instant reaction to this unexpected sight. She keeps staring at the size of it and suddenly realises he has something in his other hand. "Oh my God" she whispers to herself, " he's got one of those porn star look-alike fake vaginas and he's putting it in that thing. What a waste! I can't look."
Jenny extricates herself very carefully so he doesn't know she has seen him and gets back in the car. She is trembling with indignation. Now she talks aloud. "Daddy why? Why? Why would you want to fuck a look-alike pussy when there is a real one, your own daughter just begging for your cock? Oh my God, Jenny you have to do it now little girl, you have to give yourself to him, he is lonely for a real woman and you haven't tried hard enough," she admonishes herself.
Jenny sits in the car and thinks what to do. She can't go back while this is happening. She keeps talking aloud to herself, working out what to do. "I've got to give him time to get off on that stupid toy and make out I know nothing, but by God, from now on if he wants to fuck a look-alike pussy he can give that huge cock to me. I want it more than ever no I can see how big it is."
She drives discretely around the corner and thinks of her cherished daddy naked. His body looks so fit and healthy, his greying hair all tossed about and his chest a bit hairy. Lovely strong shoulders and oh, those muscular looking thighs and the size of his cock. These entire thoughts race through her confused mind.and she talks to herself. "Phew! The size of his rod! I never knew my step daddy was so spunky in the raw. What a waste in that silly vibrating hand toy! My pussy is real, he can have a real one if he's that randy."
She waits half an hour and decides to ring ahead to alert him she is on the way. That way he can cover his tracks and not be embarrassed because she wants to play her own seduction game once she gets home and the last thing she needs is for him to be upset. He picks up the phone after it rings several times. "Daddy, it's your little love bird Jenny, I'll be home in about 15 minutes. Raymond gave me an early mark."
"Jenny? What are you doing home this early?"
"Daddy you weren't listening! I said Raymond gave me an early mark and I've been shopping for some really nasty little things I can't wait to show you. I will be home soon."
"How long?"
"Fifteen minutes. I'm only five miles away and the traffic isn't too bad. See you soon. you hunk of a man""
"Yes kitten, see you when you get home." He hangs up the phone and wonders why she suddenly calls him a hunk of a man. She has never spoke to him like that before.
Jenny is in the car parked kerbside just around the corner. She waits 15 minutes and slowly pulls up in the driveway, honking the Beamer's air horn to let him know she's arrived -- just in case he is trying to get dressed. She gets inside and he is in a bathrobe. "You rang just as I was about to get in the shower Jen and you arrived just as I got out."
"Oh that's okay daddy, please don't get out of your robe you look just gorgeous and so masculine with those strong hairy legs. Don't spoil my evening by getting into your tracksuit again for heaven's sake. Go get yourself a beer from the fridge and wait on the couch for me. I've got to show you something new I just bought, but I'll just duck into the bathroom first to freshen up."
She disappears into the shower and scrubs herself inside out thinking how lucky she was not to have been hurt by that low life that sexually assaulted her on the train. And to think he got his fingers inside her, brought her to orgasm in the dark and just disappeared as though it never happened. The very thought disgusts her.
She freshens up with her sexy perfume body spray and her bare pussy glistens from the essential oils she gently rubs all over her wide outer labia and well-rounded pubic mound. Her pussy lips jut slightly out of her vaginal crack and her clitoris, as always, is not afraid to stand up for itself if provoked.
She puts on the micro bikini branded the overklit that provides a matchbox size lime green triangle of lycra above the pussy and rather than just cover the clitoris, Jenny discovers the bottom point of the triangle more or less points to the clitoris and the very narrow strand of material then disappears into the crack of the vagina beside her clit. She looks in the mirror and says softly "Well daddy, you are going to see your daughter like never before."
He is sitting on the same couch she saw him on earlier; still in his bathrobe thank heavens she thinks, as she whirls into view. "Okay my dearest daddy, have a look at your little baby daughter now." She stands before him, slowly turning so he sees her bar arse and up close the way her pussy is so explicitly on display. "Isn't this so beautiful daddy?"
He can't believe what he sees. "Good God Jenny, where on earth did you get this? I can see everything. I can see all your cunt...I mean, all your pussy."
She giggles teasingly. "Oh I know you can daddy but isn't it just beautiful, don't I make you feel like you want to get to know me better?"
"Hell Jenny, there isn't much more to know about. Your tits are fully exposed bar a tiny strip over the nipples that doesn't even cover them anyway, your arse is bare, this thing sits at the bottom of your pubic bone and hardly bigger than the size of a matchbox and instead of covering your pussy, it seems to be showing it off."
"Oh I just love it daddy. I can't wait to wear it somewhere."
"Jenny, you've got to be joking. Surely not... I mean girls don't wear these things outside the house surely?"
"Daadeee! Girls do but only in certain places. You have to modern up a bit. You must know that while a boy likes to play with his, a girl likes to show hers off. We are just natural show-offs. This version is the overklit because it is meant to sit just on the tip of the clitoris and leave everything else fully exposed."
"Well the cord part under that triangle certainly doesn't cover your clit it goes down the side of it."
"Oh, yes I didn't realise that until I got home and that's probably because one size doesn't fit all after all. The supplier has versions that just have a vertical strip coming down to sit above the crack in the pussy and two matching tiny bands that go down each side of the pussy pushing it up a bit more prominent but I looked at those and like a lot of girls, that little strip down the centre would not cover my part up and when the models walk in them, they seem to slip off centre anyway, so I didn't buy that type."
"But Jenny, this one is no better, I can see everything down there and that means so can anyone else. Where on earth did you think you could wear this outfit.?"
She waves her hands in the air mockingly. "Well, daddy right here for a start. I really got this for you so I can be a show-off but don't do a citizen's arrest on me. Anyway I am going to take it away with me on Friday when my boss is on a business trip and he's asked me to travel with him."
Her father groans. "And you are going?"
"Yes."
"And taking that kind of clothing? My daughter?"
"Daddy I'm a big girl now. I won't wear it in silly places and get into trouble. Maybe sunbaking or in fairly private places where maybe just a small number of people might see me."
He shakes his head. "Yes, but..."
"Daddy you have to realise that girls do like to show off a bit. They really want men to see their best assets. Short skirts, low cleavage, see-through clothes, sometime no panties at all. Why is this stuff sold? Because girls buy them to make men do a lot of wishful thinking. It's a cruel turn-on maybe."
"I didn't know girls were that bad, or that good, depending on what you mean," he says weakly.
"Daddy when I was in my first year at high school we had this gorgeous PT teacher and we all wore our short sports tunics to gym on those days and I know that six of the girls deliberately wore really small panties that they pulled into their cracks, and two of them left their panties off. That's because it was a chance to show off to this hunk of a teacher who used to lift us up to the beams by putting his hand around our bum under our tunic and with a bit of luck we would feel his hand slip somewhere else and we wanted that to happen..."
"Wait a minute Jen, you said some girls wanted that to happen?"
"Oh yes, it is the excitement of not knowing if it will happen and if it does, that it's taboo and we can get away with it."
"Erotic schoolgirls and you were like that then?"
"Well daddy, I always wore panties but on these days at gym yes I did get a bit rude and put on very skimpy ones that went up the crack of my pussy and bum. We all noticed when we did our handstand routines and the teacher had to hold our ankles so we each did two separate 10-second handstands each in unison that the girls playing sexy he always held them upside down a lot longer. It was all in fun daddy."
"So the whole idea among you all was to be little prick teasers?"
"Guess so daddy, some of us like that sort of thing you know. But it sounds better if you say we are big prick teasers"
"Jenny best not tell me any more but I'm not surprised what some schoolkids get up to these days. The way sex is splashed into everyday advertising it's no wonder kids grow up with far more experienced about sex than when I went to school." Jenny laughs, and apologises for not wishing to it make it sound she was being cheeky in reference to his age. She wants to get back on song with her purpose to seduce him.
"Daddy you can't tell me that if you were at the beach right now -- in fact go ahead and pretend that you are at the beach and this lovely young girl happens to be standing near you in a micro bikini like I am wearing. You are just a foot away from her pussy and you can see it. Go on daddy, have a real close look right now. Just look at me there and imagine you are on that beach and the girl in the sexy micro bikini like this happens to be one of those show-off schoolgirls I just told you about.
"Yes, that's the way. Now while you are looking closely put your finger behind the tiny triangle and pull the skinny cord towards you so it comes right out of my pussy.... That's right, that's it, now what do you see?"
He shakes his head in disbelief this is happening but wants to play her game. "I see a completely smooth and fat bare pussy with very sexy lips"
"Yes daddy and she's just a schoolgirl. Doesn't that excite you?"
"Well, arr,"
"Come on daaddeee, be honest. You are staring at a young girl's virgin pussy and she's letting you check her out. Doesn't that make you want to do something?"
"Jenny, that's a terrible thing to say I am not into schoolgirls!"
"Oh come on daddy, I know that, but I bet you wish you could when they are so delicious as me? I am delicious aren't I?"
"Yes of course you are."
"Yes my darling daddy and I am like those other schoolgirls so if you think I'm delicious you must think that about other girls my age. Touch me daddy. Kiss me on the pussy and you can think it's the schoolgirl on the beach if you like."
"Jenny, you are my daughter, not a make believe schoolgirl on the beach somewhere and you are in our home standing in front of me in next to nothing and..."
"And all you are wearing daddy is a bathrobe. I can see the big bulge like it's a tent. Are you getting turned on for your daughter?"
"Geezus Jen, you are putting pressure on me to have sex with you?"
"But daaaaddeee, fathers love their daughters and I know you love me, and you know I love you, so there is nothing wrong...."
"Jenny, for God's sake it's immoral for a father to have sex with his daughter."
"But you're not having sex with me daddy, just looking and wishing I am that schoolgirl on the beach and a beautiful bare pussy is ever so close to you can't be bad surely? Besides I'm a big girl now. What's the point of me being 18 and can drive my own car and have a job if you treat me like I am too young to be touched?
"Daddy for years and years, longer than you will ever know, I wanted to feel your hands on me and to touch me like you did to mom. I used to go to school and hear what other girls were doing and I thought I must be the village virgin. I had to invent stories to make out I was as good, or as bad if you like, as them. It is a girls' thing"
"Jen, I am a bit shocked to hear this, and at the same time I feel proud of what a beautiful daughter you turned out to be. Yes you are so sexy it does make me horny and I feel a bit guilty when you are my very own."
"Oh don't be guilty daddy. You never did anything wrong ever. "Remember that night after my birthday party I came to your bedroom for a snuggle before I went to sleep and you told me to go back to my room. I did and I cried into my pillow"
"Jenny don't hold that one on me now. You had nothing on and even then you had a sexy figure and it's just too much temptation for a man."
"Well daddy, here I am now and I'm more grown up now so what do you think of my micro bikini. Do I hear a yes I think it's sexy or a no I'm a bad girl?"
"Yes, I think it's ultra sexy."
"Oh great daddy, but tell me, does looking at me in this really make you feel like you want to be even closer to me?"
":Oh hell Jen, what else can I say? Of course. No man in their right senses could ignore your beauty."
Jenny is convinced that now is the moment. She knows he has an erection and if ever he will make a move on her it must be now. "Stay there daddy, I've got one more surprise for you, one of your favourite treats in fact. But you must shut your eyes and not open them until I tell you " The poor man hasn't a clue she is talking about his love of honey and she is about to serve it up to him like nothing before. She dashes into the kitchen, grabs a large jar of honey from the pantry and returns to the living room wearing nothing and throws two oversize beach towels on the floor below where he is sitting with his eyes shut, totally unsuspecting her motive. She lies down on her back just a few feet away from him and pours honey over both of her projectile-like puffy nipples
"Quick daddy, open your eyes and come and help me. I've accidentally spilt honey on my boobies, can you please eat the honey so it's not wasted."
His first glance on opening his eyes is a look of amazement. Jenny lying in front of him on the floor stark naked in that Playboy bunny look body and he almost trips over his erection responding to her urgent call for help. "Quick daddy, Quick. The honey, it's all over my nipples, please get it off me."
He dives instinctively to the floor and to her side, bending over and quickly sucks the honey off one breast until it is spotless and then to the other big puffy. Both are standing up hard and erect a good half-inch from her breast. Jenny always had thick nipples and as he is gawking at them she is pouring honey over her pussy, all over the silken bare pubic mound, and into the vagina, saturating it.
"Look daaddeee. Quick! I've done it again. Ohhhhh! I can't hold on to the honey jar without spilling it! Please help me. Get it off me It's all over my sweet pussy. Oh I don't know what to do please help me get it off." She giggles loudly as his head dives to the spot and his tongue drags long lashes up and around her bare skin, swallowing the honey. She knows he loves honey; it's his favourite on toast every morning and now she is the toast with the most.
He sweeps his tongue all over her well-rounded mound of Venus and as the honey starts to disappear he can taste the real Jenny. His tongue drags along the entire length of her crack, sweeping up to her engorged clit, encircling it between his lips, nibbling, pulling and then lapping again all over the face of her pussy like a thirsty dog on a hot day. And this old dog has been thirsting for this opportunity for years but never game to admit it.
Jenny is feeling the mounting passion deep inside. This is a magic moment for her, a truly erotic moment and one she has longed for and dreamt about happening like this for many years. Every year, every birthday her sexual curiosity for him gave stronger meaning and as the girl becomes the young woman the intensity of her desire to be loved by him is overwhelming.
Now his head is buried deep between her shapely thighs lapping at her pristine pussy. This is what her dreams were made of and she is living the dream. She holds his head with both hands, not wanting him to get away. The feeling is sensational and even more so because it's him.
"Daaddeee, you are sooo good, so gooood. Oh your tongue is inside my pussy, I can feel it everywhere. Suck me out, suck on me, drain my love juice my wonderful man. Oh this is just beautiful please don't stop." Jenny is in raptures and she feels an orgasm mounting fast as she starts to tremble and twist around to his hungry mouth devouring her most private part.
He glances up at her strained face, the emotion written all over it, and in a few seconds between licking and munching on her, he sees the pleasure he is giving her. "Jenny I've got your whole cunt in my mouth isn't that wonderful, do you like it?" Your pussy is just superb, I love this."
"Oh daddy you are so beautiful don't stop. I want your cock in me tonight....you must fuck me.... I have never wanted a man so much as I want you inside me....fill me with it....come all over my face.... oh just keep doing it the way you are doing it..... I only dreamed of this...."She is rambling on panting as she talks in jerky tones and he senses he is bringing her to a climax so he grabs her under her bare arse and lifts her hips off the floor and starts to thrash his tongue around her clitoris faster and faster "Oh daddy you do it so good. You do it so good," she cries like a child. Tears run down her cheeks. Never so much has she wanted a man to put his mouth on her like this.
He completely devours her pussy and there is not one tiny part that escapes his tongue and lips. Jenny is reaching a climax, as she watches him crouched between her thighs, her legs spreadeagled over his shoulders. The moment, the sheer thrill of his touch, what he is doing, how she is naked before him, the feeling of utter helplessness as he holds her almost upside down off the floor has her going crazy and she feels the peak of her passion coming like an express train.
"Oooohh dadddeee, do it! Do it! Do it! Suck my cunt harder and harder! I'm yours daddy. Please don't stop! Do it! Yeeeeeeeesssss!!" He feels her body jerk suddenly and stiffen in an orgasmic thrust, her screech heralding the arrival of the mountainous avalanche of released tension and she shakes in his arms, finally flopping limp and sobbing.
She cries unashamedly. He panics for a moment but she turns to him with her big bedroom eyes in a look of genuine endearment. "Oh daddy, oh daddy, I've never been so happy in my life. I am crying because I am so happy. So happy. It was beautiful"
Thank God, he thinks. Only a woman can cry because she is happy. No wonder men get confused with them. .
"Oh daddy, thank you. Thank you. I have wanted that for so long you'll never know."
He too, is suddenly caught up in her tidal wave. "He splutters back, "Jenny what you are saying... are you saying what you are saying"
"Daddy you silly old man I love you so dearly. I wish I could marry you I just want you so much. I want to feel you inside me, You must make real love to me I can't live without it any longer. Put it in me tonight, every night. Do it like you love me."
He is flabbergasted."Jenny for a start I can't marry you because I am your daddy and isn't that being close enough, and besides I am 32 years older than you. To girls your age I am an old man. Geezus Jen, I never knew you felt this bad. I mean good about me. How long have you been this way?"
"Daddy you are not an old man and don't dare say that. Look at your body, it's better than a lot of men 10 years younger judging by what I see on the beach. But to be honest daddy about a year after mommy died, I knew you were special. You loved me so tenderly like I was your own and even though you were not my natural father you always treated me as though you were. I could see I was not just a toy like some stepdaughters are to their new fathers and you sort of treated me like a little lady and I liked that.
"As I grew older I had these strange feelings inside me that made me want to reach out for you and go beyond a hug and a kiss but you were always the perfect gentleman and no matter how much I tried to flirt with you to make you notice how I was growing you just regarded me as a cheeky young kid and left me disappointed time and time again."
She flutters her long eyelashes as only Jenny can when she wants to look innocent. "Daddy just look at the size of your cock, it's sticking out of your bathrobe, I think it's looking for me, he knows I want him." He glances down and his robe has fallen to either side of his muscular thighs, revealing his solid erection.
"How big is it daddy, how many inches? I always wondered. It looks really big from here"
"Well, er, a man doesn't like to talk about the size of his cock but since you ask it's just on nine inches erect or seven on the dangle."
She giggles like a schoolgirl. "Oooh, I don't think there would be as much delight with seven on the dangle compared to getting nine in mine...heh heh."
He stands up and points his manhood towards her face. "Jenny I've admired your beauty from afar for many years as a loving parent or guardian should but now you are an adult and you are making this provocative parade in front of me you are making me buckle. Now get on your knees and show me how good you are at sucking this thing you've wanted so long."
Jenny loves the sight of a big erect penis and this one is very special to her and she wants to savour the moment as she kneels before him in the nude and looks up at him coyly, putting on her best innocent expression. "Daddy I'm so sorry I was a bad girl today at school and they sent me to the principal's office to be punished. He told me I had to go home and do this to my father and beg for forgiveness. But not before I had to show him I could do it properly. He made me strip to my panties and bra. Do you want me to show you how I had to do it to him behind the desk in his big office?"
"Yes, just do it, I can't wait "
As she spins her fable to excite him into her school age times she cups his tight scrotum in one hand and slides the other hand loosely along the shaft of his bulging member, looking at it and alternating her gaze directly into his face with her big blushing bedroom eyes and flicking eyelashes. Her face is that of a schoolgirl again.
"He was a nasty principal, daddy, he grabbed me around my head and kept forcing my mouth back and forth faster and faster as I tried my best to please him so he would let me get dressed and go back to class." She starts rubbing his shaft but has not yet put her mouth around it. She wants to get him frantic for it with her sexy baby talk.
"What happened? Did he let you go?" he answers back to Jenny's utter surprise. His rejoinder sparks her lust even more. "Yes daddy, but he made me gulp down a lot of his sperm when he couldn't hold it back any longer, He said if I misbehave again he would make me stay back after school for more of the same and that's when he said I must do this to you as soon as I got home, even before my homework. So daddy I ask that you forgive me for being so naughty and upsetting the school teacher and if I do this properly, will you forgive me?"
"Yes, yes of course, just do it for God's sake, my balls are aching."
She really wants it inside her pussy but this is one way of coming to grips with its size and it thrills her to know he is looking down at her sucking on him, so as she works it in and out of her mouth, her tongue working overtime, she keeps looking up at his face to project an expression of teenage innocence. Her sexy adolescent-like talk excites him and as he feels the incredible warmth of her mouth and the way her lips grip the most sensitive side of his glans he knows he is not going to last long. The sheer sight of this beautiful creature in her submissive position so eagerly begging for his cock and wanting to taste his cum is an experience that's come entirely unexpected. Today was just like every other day until Jenny came home and showed him her sexy new micro bikinis.
She is working his shaft faster and faster looking up into his face and fluttering her eyelashes. One hand gently squeezes his balls, she feels them moving from side to side inside the sac and by the size of them she is sure he must produce a big surge of cum when he explodes. He is making the same kind of groaning sounds she first heard when she used to sneak down the dark hallway on her hands and knees a long while ago when she was supposed to be asleep. This must be what momma did to him, she thinks. She wants to be as good as her mother who she remembers as a very attractive and very sexy woman. Jenny is her carbon copy.
For him, it is the first time a woman's lips are gripping his penis since the last time he and his wife made love 10 years ago. It dawns on him the similarities in Jenny and her mother. God, no wonder Jenny is so sexy, she's just like her mother, he thinks as the sexual tension in his loins takes him closer to the edge of losing control.
Jenny has perfected the degree of pressure on his penis with her fulsome Latina lips and starts to concentrate on the more vulnerable underside of his glans, flicking her tongue around its most sensitive area as she zigzags his knob in and out of her mouth with ever-increasing speed. One hand holds his tight balls and the other is gripped tight around the base of his long shaft, stretching it back tightly with downward vertical pressure. He is just around the corner coming into the home straight in a fast finishing burst.
"Oooohh, keep going! Oooooooh keep going faster. That's it, Ooooohh Jenny my cock's coming in your mouth Aaaaaaaargh! She feels a sudden surge of the white glue filling her mouth so fast she gulps it down and jerks his penis out of her mouth just as his second, third and fourth burst splashes across her face, some landing in her hair, her forehead, across her cheeks, across her nose and her mouth seems drenched with sperm running down her chin. Her tongue is hanging out with a thick wad of goo stuck under it, another thick wad hanging off the tip of her tongue and dripping down to her breasts. He is one of those men well endowed in producing a powerful supply of sperm.
"Oh daddy this is beautiful," she gasps. "It is just like the way the school principal finished," she fantasises. "It is all over me again. Now your lovely baby juice is in my face. Mmmmm." He looks down proudly at her lapping it up, wiping the sperm on her face down to her mouth and licking it up with an eager tongue. "Mmmmmm" she moans over and over. The exertion has drained him physically and his balls ache.
"Jen I'm not as young as I used to be you know. I really want to put it in you but I've got to get over this first. You just drained me. I don't think I've ever cum so powerfully for a long long time. It must be the way you got me going. Fantastic. You are just like your mother. She was brilliant and so are you. She's back."
His words fuel her sense of belonging to him more than ever. She has never heard him compare her to his lovely wife, her mother, but to say it after a sex act is even more delightful. Surely now he will want to take me to bed as often as possible, she thinks with a big smile on her face looking up at him. They get to their feet, both naked and she hugs him, some of his sperm is still matted into her hair and down one side of her cheeks. They kiss tenderly and he pulls her tightly against his body, his nine inches now dangling to a seven-inch but still thick appendage.
Jenny adores his masculinity and the way the shades of grey stand out like silvery streaks through his thick hair. She feels as though she now commands a personal nine-inch penis she can summons for action whenever in the mood. They sit on the couch gathering themselves. "Daddy, let's go into your bedroom and lie on the bed until you are ready for me. You know I am ready for you," she giggles.
He stretches out on the queen size bed, once occupied by Jenny's mother. He looks up at the ceiling and can't believe she is beside him nude. "I never thought this would ever happen Jen," he says casually. She lays an arm across his chest and traces her clitoris finger around it and starts circling his navel in teasing caresses.
"Oh daddy, I knew it was just a matter of time. But you are so slow you naughty man you made me wait for years to be making love to me." They lay there in a cuddle, father and daughter, held in loving embrace. Love and sex become as one as father and daughter become as one. For quite some time they remain bound together in silence, both of them savouring delights that to each have been a milestone moment of their lives. Both know that the best is yet to come.
His erection is returning. He can sense it. The magnetism of her physical beauty and sexy teasing ways is a very powerful force. "Daddy I confess that I used to go to bed at night right through my school years thinking of something like this with you. I knew I was growing the body of a woman but I was too young for you to ever consider me taking the place of momma."
"Well Jenny, you just did a few minutes ago, but I am surprised you would even be thinking along those lines so long ago."
"Well to be honest daddy you never knew it but I used to sneak down the hallway at night when you and momma thought I was tucked in asleep and I used to listen to you making love to each other. I didn't understand what was going on except that it made me feel really good to hear momma sounding so happy that I knew whatever you were doing you must have been very good at it and ever since I always wanted it to happen to me."
She moves closer and puts her hand on his big banana which looks very firm and ripe for her to eat. "Mmmmm, daddy, this banana looks delicious. And look at those coconuts below it."
"To be honest," he confesses, "I was worried I would be too big for your tight pussy and might hurt you at first." She doesn't have the heart to tell him about the four other men who have already been there -- each one unexpectedly except for her boss whom she always sought to seduce - the knee therapist, her boss, the clit piercer and the shonky Mr Wilson -- every one of them the same age or a bit older than her stepfather. And every one was very well hung. But she wants her daddy to feel very special.
"Oh piffle daddy; I always knew you could fit inside me no matter how big a cock you had and what you don't know is that a long, long time ago I couldn't wait for tonight I wanted to know what it was like so I used to experiment like other girls.
"I started with spoons and things and then got more game and looked for things that resembled a big cock so see how far I could go. I was truly happy how easily I took things nearly the size of your cock now just by covering them in baby oil and also oiling my pussy."
He was hoping against hope to be the first to drill her. "I suppose some other guy gave you your first orgasm, huh," he asks. "Jenny laughs. "Oh come on daddy, don't feel dejected. It wasn't a man or a boy it was a huge carrot."
"A damn carrot? What?"
"Oh daddy, look, you are a real man and I want you to know you are my first real fuck," she lies to make him feel more important to her. "No daddy, I couldn't wait until now to get my first orgasm. I came home from school one day and went to my room with a carrot so big Bugs Bunny would be jealous. I smoothed it back and dipped it in baby oil and played with my clit to get more excited as I figured if this thing could go in me, so could any man. Well, it went in easier than I thought because I was wet and the carrot was oiled up. I realised there and then that us girls were given a hidden treasure like a deep cave where we can store very big trunks inside even though at that time we could not play up. I always dreamed you would have a big one like it and tonight you deliver my dream."
Learning all this fascinates him to the mindset of his daughter and it also makes him feel guilty for not having given her some kind of sex education talk by the time she hit school where the wrong kind of kids can influence others. But he is now relaxed about her capacity to receive him and his desire is turning to a burning desire.
They are both ever so relaxed and there is no tension in the air considering it is a momentous occasion for each of them. His erection is rock hard again and throbbing. She is on his bed where she has never been before, nude and more inviting than ever. This is something he never expected. It adds to his excitement. His dream. Her dream.
"Daddy I want to sit on top of you; I want it to be the deepest possible penetration for my first with you and I want to feel that I'm fucking you. I happen to know this was momma's favourite position and I want this for momma too" The reason for her comment goes over his head as he concentrates on her magnificent body getting set to be spiked by his lighthouse shaped tool.
Watching her shapely form descend slowly on to his penis though brings back fond memories of her mother - his long lost lover. This is the first real intercourse he's about to enjoy since he lost his wife and there are so many similarities between mother and daughter now that Jenny has blossomed. He hopes that if she can fuck half as good as her mother it will be tremendous. He can't wait, yet he can't get it out of his mind that this is his young daughter just six months out of school.
She is right. His thick rod slides effortlessly to its hilt inside her as Jenny looks down at it slowly disappears. He is wide-eyed too, watching a moment of his life he could only dream about in the times when he watched her youthful curvaceous figure emerging into young adulthood. "You are so tight, it's incredible," he says breathlessly. "My God, your cunt is like a boa constrictor the way it's gripping me."
"Daddy I can feel your huge shape way up inside me. It is filling me up. It's so long and thick I'll never be able to get off it. Mmmmmm." Jenny is up to her old tricks. She is not only enjoying her father's cock inside her and making him feel good by the way she squirms, twists and thrusts up and down on his upright bolt but adds much to his excitement with her playful talk.
He is beside himself in ecstasy. "Ohhh, it's so tight you feel like that girl I watched growing up; this is the best moment of my life for years". He stares at her big puffy nipples riding up and down to the beat on the points of her ample breasts that are so firm they don't bounce, they simply move in unison top her upper torso. She has painted her nipples again making them glisten and appear twice as rich in their texture. He is convinced his own daughter is a young sex goddess delivered to him from heaven as a reminder of how lucky he was to have married her mother.
"Oh my God Jenny you are a fantastic fuck; ride me baby, ride me hard," he shouts, his face breaking out in perspiration. "Daddy your cock is the biggest thing I've ever had in me it is so wonderful. I always dreamed it would be like this since I was old enough to think about it," she shouts back, her long hair flying about left and right around her shoulders as she throws her head back and forth into frantic fuck mode.
He knows he won't last long. It is simply too good. The feeling is too intense, his shaft is being massaged by a tight fitting young vagina not long out of school and the very thought of her young age is sending him into overdrive. "Daddy my pussy is gripping you tight and I can feel it; it's so tight. This is so new to me and my pussy has wanted you for so long it won't let you go"
She has just about heard enough and he knows the moment is coming very soon as she lifts almost right off his nine-inch shaft and crashes back down hard on him so she gets the strongest possible impact from his penetration. She does this over and over to thrill him watching his big shaft appear almost to its tip and then disappear again into her pussy. Her twists and circular wriggles against his rod continue in unison between the up and down thrusts to give her the very thrills she seeks. She relishes the feeling his big thick penis delivers to her senses, not just going into her but the feeling she gets from its size when she shifts about on it and uses her vaginal muscles to grip tight as she can so it has to fight for the fuck.
Jenny is breathing much more heavily now but not gulping in the air as deep as he is; youth triumphs over experience in energy at this game and to tantalise her daddy so he will ejaculate more strongly, she suddenly shifts her movements from overdrive back to first gear. Now it's as if it's a slow motion playback of what she was doing a minute ago.
She rides up slowly off his hungry cock almost exposing the tip and then slowly slides back down till her bum rests back on his belly. Then she rides up like a slow escalator to the top and slowly down again like an early model elevator descending in a high rise tower but suddenly shifts back to overdrive in thrashing pace bouncing up and down on him and then in a change of direction, she jerks back and forth in short sharp fast movements as though she is on a bucking bronco at the rodeo. She feels his knob banging against the mineshaft ceiling deep inside her. She continues to change her thrusts, twists and squirming motions from fast to slow sending him crazy.
He feels the rush coming as she does too, watching in his face the expression that the miner inside her tunnel has suddenly found the gold deep in the mineshaft at it's time to celebrate by popping the champagne cork and letting the bubbly froth up and gush out in a swift stream. His eyes are wild; her mouth is open, her tongue flicking around her open lips to excite him more as they connect in mind, spirit and body. She is still swinging around wildly on his thick pole as he cries out, "fuck fuck fuck fuck! Oh my God, here it comes!"
Loving daughter feels the spontaneous rush of daddy's champagne pouring deep into her. She is draining his balls dry. She stays straddled over him, rewarding him with the pleasure of seeing her statuesque nude body perspiring above him, his beaten cock in retreat still inside her and her bedroom eyes seemingly wider and bigger than ever looking down at his weathered face.
"Was it good daddy?" she asks with pride in her voice. "Thank God your mother had a girl and not a boy," he answers weakly. "What a fuck! Jenny you have not just made my day you've made my life, it was fantastic."He has finally fucked his little angel. And no longer will need the toy pussy he got from a sex shop.
"Now daddy you will never have to do what a lot of men your age do, look at porn movies or jerk off, lock into the internet, go to a brothel or other things because you have me to play with now."
He panics fort a moment wondering if she knew all about his habits over past years of sexual frustration but her next words quickly calm him. "Not that my daddy is that sort of man to even want to do those naughty things. Daddy you are so noble and so good to me for so long I want to be your own personal sex toy. You can play with me whenever you like. I just hope tonight is just the first and I will try hard to think of ways to make you glad I don't have a boyfriend or want to get married for ages."
"Do you really mean that? I mean, do you know what you are saying?"
"Yes of course. Even though momma died when I was much younger I was at least old enough to get some ideas from her even though she didn't realise it at the time. I did show you just now didn't I daddy?" He thinks for a moment. "Geezus Jen, you fucked me just like your mother used to, no wonder it was so good. Like mother like daughter. Oh this is going to be so good from now on." It went completely over his head how Jenny knew what to do.
*
To be continued: In Chapter 9 Jenny gets up to some cheeky tricks on a business trip with her devious boss Raymond and on her return she trusts a veteran sex therapist to assess her over fears she is over-sexed and may become a nymphomaniac.