We've lived next to each other, raised our kids together, and have been best friends since, what...the better part of sixteen, maybe seventeen years; yeah, closer to seventeen. Janet and I built our house when Denise was still in diapers. Anyway, Bill and Lisa are either always at our house, or Janet and I are over at their house, or we are all together at the lake house we share. There is no one Janet and I would rather spend time with than Bill and Lisa and they feel the same way about Janet and me. Bill's my regular golfing, jogging, workout, fishing and hunting buddy and Janet and Lisa are simply inseparable. We even take family vacations together. The big joke is why Bill and I both had swimming pools built, as we only use one at a time.
Just last month we got all the kids back to their respective colleges, including our youngest kids. For the first time in twenty-something years, we were childless. Well, sort of. Bill and I still have the bills to pay, but we don't have to plan the kids into our every move. It's as if we've been liberated from a long siege, a siege I might add that we would never trade a single moment of, but a siege nonetheless.
Having kids always hanging around, I always conducted myself accordingly. I really didn't anticipate acting any different, but the girls, they seemed to be happiest about the empty nests. Frankly I am a bit surprised with them, but then again, maybe I shouldn't be.
Bill and I had flirted shamelessly with each other's wives for years whenever the kids were out of earshot, and the girls flirted back. Nothing ever went any farther than perhaps a smoldering kiss or the very occasional "accidental" grope. I had fantasies of things going a little farther, but I mostly kept those thoughts to myself.
A few times during the past two years, when the kids were all safely off somewhere else, we'd get snockered in the hot tub and Bill and I would playfully relieve our wives of their bikini tops. Bill and I would gleefully get an eyeful, while the girls would get indignant, then playful, but it was all strictly hands off.
Like I said, we spent a lot a time together, so I thought nothing of coming home late one Friday afternoon, dragging my sorry ass in from a grueling week on the road, to find my neighbor, Lisa, sitting at the kitchen table. She was wearing a swimsuit, a white string bikini actually, and her tits seemed like they were about to burst forth. I did a quick glance around, expecting to find my Janet nearby.
"Oh, hi Lisa," I cheerily greeted, pleased at the display of womanly flesh before me. My eyes wandered brazenly up and down her lithe body and flirting back, she arched her back slightly to make her ample boobs more prominent.
"Hi, Sam. You look beat," she said in her syrupy voice. "Would you like for me to fix you a drink or... would you like to go change into something more comfortable first?"
"A drink sounds great, but I think I'll change first." I made a beeline to the master bedroom half expecting to find Janet. Janet wasn't there, but I really thought nothing of it as I shucked my coat, tie and everything else I had on, and slipped into a loose pair of baggy swim trunks.
When I walked back into the kitchen, Lisa rose from chair. I couldn't help but whistle and stare. Lisa is a tall, leggy woman, 5 foot ten, with short brunette hair, and very nicely endowed in every way. Even after a gaggle of kids and the relentless march of time, she, just like my Janet, was still a ravishing woman. The very skimpy, white string bikini contrasted very nicely with her bronzed skin. To say that she was incredibly sexy would be an understatement.
"Now how about that drink? What'll you have, Sam?"
I didn't answer for a moment as my attention was completely committed to studying generous curves of her body. She smiled, turned and walked towards the bar and as she did, I saw that she had on a thong bottom.
My semi-hard cock sprung to full attention, tenting out my baggy trunks. "Oh my god!" I blurted, her firm bare ass cheeks flexing sexily as she walked away.
"What's the matter?" she coyly asked.
"Damn girl! You're giving me a hard-attack! Did I ever tell you that you have a beautiful ass?"
"I always thought you liked my breasts."
"Oh, I do, I do, but that bathing suit."
"Oh, do you really like it? It's not too baggy, is it?" she asked with a lilting laugh. Then she spun around, hands locked behind her head to make her large breasts even more prominent, modeling the minimalist bikini.
"God damn, Lisa, that's a silly question, of course I like it! Sweet Jesus! Is that thing legal?"
"I'm so glad that you like mine. Janet was worried that you and Bill might not like them."
"Them?"
"Yes, we bought these on sale today, for five bucks each. What do you think?"
"Well, if you paid by the square footage of material, I'd say you got taken. But, hell, considering the whole package, I'd say that you got quite a bargain."
"Scotch? Glen Levet with a splash?" she asked holding out my drink. She knew me almost as well as my wife did. As I took the drink from her, I noticed she made no effort to divert her eyes away from my jutting boner.
"Uh, where's Bill?"
"He's home," she replied without concern.
"Coming over soon?"
"I hope not."
"Uh, where's Janet?"
"She's with Bill. Showing off her new bikini. Hers is yellow, and does she look fantastic!" I imagined my petite Janet in a yellow thong bikini, her blonde hair reaching her shoulders. I knew damned good and well that she looked fantastic. Then I thought of Bill, drooling, brain-dead and with an aching hard-on. Poor bastard!
"Oh, I get it... You two want to play games tonight," I said with a wry grin.
Lisa smiled sweetly, "You don't mind...do you?"
"No... So far I like the game very much," I replied sipping my scotch and ogling my best friend's nearly naked wife. "Besides, I learned long ago not to make any unnecessary waves."
As I eyeballed Lisa, I was definitely intrigued with the game the girls had come up with. In the past, on several occasions, they had 'switched' for a few hours, for dinner and drinks, and nothing else, certainly nothing as risqué as tonight's little display. As I wondered what they had in store for this evening, my mind had randy thoughts; thoughts that I knew had absolutely no chance of ever happening.
"Good. I'll bet your beat. Now, how about a swim to relax and rinse away the day's grime?" She turned and headed for the patio. I followed, my eyes transfixed on her firm swaying buns, enjoying every rippling movement of her bare flesh.
The water felt great. I churned the pool into a froth relieving my pent up tensions. Lisa sat on the steps in the shallow end careful not to get her hair wet. After fifteen minutes of furious swimming I stood and waded towards her and my now tepid drink.
She rose from stairs and the water, sitting up on the coping, leaning back, resting on her hands, beads of water dripping off her skin. The thin wet fabric had practically disappeared, the outline of her wide dark aureoles were now clearly visible. But what really got my attention was the blatant camel-toe as the thin crotch of her bottoms disappeared into her slit, accentuating the puffy flesh of her smooth hairless pudenda.
I took a long slip as I studied her camel-toed pussy. During my swim my organ that had resumed an unexcited state, but now began to harden once again. Stiffening, my cock got caught in a leg of my trunks. The harder it got, the more uncomfortable it became.
Grinning impishly, Lisa reached up, tugged at my trunks and freed my obstructed penis. "There, I bet that's better," she said with a sparkle in her eyes.
It was fleeting, but that was the first time she had ever deliberately touched my cock. I wanted to grab her hand and place it back on my dick, no better yet, shove her face into my crotch and grind into her. I did neither. I just stood dumbly, my dick throbbing, wondering what it'd be like to have a randy toss with her. There had been so many times over the past decade when I felt a nearly uncontrollable urge to take her, but I never did, never pressed it for fear that she was just teasing, fear that Janet would divorce me and fear that Bill would castrate me after working me over with an aluminum softball bat. Like my wife with Bill, Lisa was a first class prick tease, was always so near, so alluring, yet so unattainable. How those two women loved to torture us!
I stood looking down at her, not knowing what to do next, wishing that I could somehow get my cock tangled up again so that she could fix it. Wishing that something more would happen other than just another delightful tease designed to make me so horny that I would then ravish my wife. Wishing that I had the courage just to drop my trunks and... see what happens.
She smiled coyly up at me, reading my mind like Janet always did. She reached up, placing her hand on my thigh and moved it upwards a few inches. She wasn't touching my cock or my balls, just running her fingertips barely inside the baggy leg of my trunks.
"Uh, Lisa... better stop."
"Why? We're two adults."
I swallowed half of my drink. "Yes, but Bill, Janet, they're..."
"Busy. Unless of course you want to interrupt them."
"Busy? Interrupt them?"
"Well, maybe interrupt isn't the right word. At least not until seven."
"What are you talking about?"
"Seven PM. Janet and I decided to give ourlves until seven to call it off."
"Call what off?"
"Oh," she said with a mischievous grin, "let's just call it games."
"What's seven gotta do with it?"
"Well, we decided that we, any of us, could chicken out before seven. You know, if anyone, you, Bill, Janet or me, have second thoughts."
"Second thoughts?"
"Oh, come now, Sam! You and Bill are such little boys sometimes. I've seen the way you look at me, so has Janet and I've seen the way Bill looks at her. Other than his sometimes crude comments, he's never said anything to me about his attraction to Janet, but I know exactly what's going on in his fevered male brain. You're no better! Janet tells me that you've never mentioned to her your attraction to me either."
"Well, it's not something I could tell my wife," I said defensively as finished my scotch.
"Why not?"
"Jesus, Lisa. I wouldn't do anything to jeopardize my marriage or our friendship."
"Bet you never even talked to Bill about it either."
"Well, no. Of course I haven't."
"You two never discussed your attractions to the other's wife."
"No! Well, I did say that you had a great body, nice tits and, uh, a great mind too, but we ..."
"And Bill never said anything to you about Janet?"
"Uh, no," I lied again. Actually we had talked about our wives quite a bit. Bill definitely had the hots for Janet, just as I had the hots for his wife. We talked about it, mostly when we were drunk, but figured the girls would never go for any serious extramarital play, not that either of us would actually tolerate our wife with another man.
"That's just what we figured. You know, a few times in the hot tub, we thought that things might get very interesting, but nothing ever did."
"You wanted..."
"I adore you Sam. I find you very attractive. Not as a husband. I have one of those," she laughed, "but as a special friend."
"Special friend? Sounds like I'm retarded or something."
"No silly!" she laughed. "A SPECIAL friend, a very special friend. You know, someone to, shall we say, play with."
"You're putting me on."
"Tonight's the night, if none of us chickens out. Hey, if you have a problem with any of this, all you have to do is call Janet before seven and let her know. Do that and it stops. Otherwise..."
"Otherwise what?"
"Do I have to draw a picture?"
"You mean, Bill and Janet? Me and you?"
"Tonight, yes. Tomorrow? Games over. You want to play?"
I was stunned. Never in my wildest imaginations did I honestly think that the girls would ever suggest such a thing. I couldn't help but think that if Bill and I had concocted such a plan, we'd both be sleeping in the back of our cars or in the tool shed for a long, long time. I glanced at the clock, ten past six.
"Hungry?" she asked. "I have a nice, light dinner all prepared for us. C'mon, let's eat and give ourselves a little time to consider the matter." She stood and headed back into the house, her smoothly rounded buttocks suggestively flexing as she walked. I followed a few paces behind taking in the exquisite view.
Lisa went straight to the bar and fixed us another round of drinks. Handing me my scotch, she said ruefully, "Don't be disappointed if someone calls before seven. Bill is soooo conservative."
I sat on a towel at the elegantly set dining room table so not to get Janet's chair wet. Lisa lit the candles and disappeared into the kitchen, leaving me to my thoughts and reflections. I downed the scotch in one gulp and got up to fix another.
Placing a huge salad topped with chilled grilled salmon at my place before me she asked, "Nervous?"
"Uh, yeah. How about you?"
"Butterflies," she said as she sat next to me.
I conjured up an image of Bill and Lisa's dining room. Bill was sitting at the table, lecherously ogling my near naked wife, with one eye on the clock, ready to fuck the hell out her in forty minutes. I saw in my mind's eye the clock striking seven, my darling wife, kneeling between his muscular legs, his big hand gilding her head to perform fellatio on him. Fuck! I wasn't so sure about all this, but I had time. All I had to do to put a stop to it was make a call and Janet wouldn't have sex with Bill.
With a twinge of horror, I visualized Bill, dispensing with the rules, ripping his telephone from the wall and brutally taking what I knew he had coveted for so long. I looked over at Lisa and her boobs-a-bulging and thought, 'Hmmmm, that's not such a bad idea.'
I'm sure that the salad was delicious, but I don't remember tasting it, only putting my fork on the empty plate and looking up at the clock. I never even touched the fresh cibata bread and extra virgin olive oil. Twenty-five minutes.
"Would you like some lemon meringue pie?"
"Uh, yeah, sure," I stammered. The adrenaline was flowing now as I was torn between my desire to fuck Lisa and my reluctance to let Bill fuck Janet.
Five more minutes ticked off and my gut was churning. "Holy shit," I muttered as the moment of no-return approached.
"What was that?" Lisa asked as she placed a slice of the cold pie topped with at least five inches of meringue in front of me, the scent of lemon filling my nostrils.
"Nothing, I was just thinking."
"About you and me or about Bill and Janet?"
"Both."
"I know. Look, if you want stop this, all you have to do is call. We'll all have a good laugh about it tomorrow." She was still standing there next to me, the scent of lemon was replaced by the unmistakable scent of feminine arousal.
"Lisa, do you want to stop this?"
Lisa batted her big brown eyes at me. "Oh lord, I so nervous, but this was my idea. No, I don't want to call, but then again..."
I ate the pie, never taking my eye off of her or the way that string rode up into her ppussy until the pie had disappeared completely. I looked back up at the clock, fourteen minutes to go.
Visions of Bill, sucking on Janet's tits, MY JANET'S TITS, filled my tortured brain. I looked back at Lisa's tits and a vision of me greedily suckling those hooters replaced my previous mental image. Mentally I wallowed in those magnificent jugs as my cock found it's mark, spreading her labia around my throbbing girth. Then as if switching TV channels, I saw big ole Bill, effortlessly holding my darling petite Janet off the ground, her dainty feet never touching the ground, fucking her on his dick as he stood like Atlas. I dreamed of lying back with Lisa's lips locked around my grateful cock, giving me one of those deluxe blowjobs that Bill was always talking about. Then I thought of Bill, knowing that Janet liked it in the backdoor, spreading her ass cheeks for sodomy.
For the next ten minutes I wrestled with the competing interests of my conscious and my growing lust.
'What would the kids think? How would they know? Goddamn Lisa's good a looking cunt!... Is Bill a better lover than I am? What if he is, will Janet abandon me for Bill's cock?... Is she as tight as I imagine her to be? Will this destroy our marriage? Destroy our friendships? Oh fuck, I don't know! I don't know!... Do I want Bill screwing Janet? No, not really. Do I want Janet screwing Bill? No, not really. What happens later? Does Bill screw her whenever I'm gone? Do I want to screw Lisa? Damned right I do! Does Lisa really want to screw me? Apparently she does and why not? I'm a good-looking guy.
'Wait! Is this all some sort of a devious trap, perhaps a bet between the girls? A test of my loyalty? Is Bill in on it? No, he wouldn't....oh, yes he would, the bastard! I'll bet he's laughing his balls off right now! In fact, this all probably all his idea just to jack me around...Well, pal, there always payback! The tournament! The tournament last week! Maybe this is payback for that goofy golf ball that I slipped in on him..." A smile spread across my face as I recalled his befuddled look with that crazy 250 yard knuckleball slice! "No, he wouldn't offer up Lisa just for that. Hmmmmm. Or would he?
"If I don't call, do I get punished?... The car. That's it! The car! The frigging car Janet's been after me to buy for her! I'll have to buy the god damned car to buy peace if don't call before seven!... Still, if it's all just a ruse, why would Lisa be here practically naked? Bill wouldn't let her just parade around like that. Shit, maybe she's serious.'
My poor brain was addled by the conflicting thoughts, especially the possibility that it was all a cunning trap or one of Bill's jokes. My poor dick throbbed in anticipation, and I was sweating profusely as the clock ticked down.
One minute to go. Lisa came and stood beside me, raking her fingernails through my thinning hair. I turned my head and nuzzled into her navel while my hand glided over the smooth skin of her buttocks.
BRRRRRRRRING! BRRRRRRRRRRRIG! I nearly came out of my skin when the fucking telephone rang! I was at once bitterly crushed for having lost the opportunity to finally get into Lisa's pants and at the same time immensely relieved that my Janet wouldn't be fucking another man tonight.
Lisa and my eyes met as the phone rang for the third time, disappointment clearly written on her face. "Oh, damn! You better answer it Sam. It must be them."
In a daze I made it to the kitchen phone, the memory of the smell of her breasts and the feel of her rump permanently burned into my brain to torture me until the day I died. In the dining room, the clock chimed seven o'clock.
"Oh fuck," I cursed under my breath as I picked up the receiver fully expecting a berating. "Hello?" I said cautiously.
"May I speak to Mr. or Mrs. Sam Kline?"
"What?"
"Mr. Kline, this is a courtesy call from American Express. How are you doing this evening?"
"Wha?"
"I'm not trying to sell you anything Mr. Kline, but we have some special offers that are available only to valued customers of Ameri..."
"Oh fuck!" I cursed into the telephone. The telemarketer didn't miss a beat and droned on. "Look, I'm not interested."
"But sir, this will not cost you anything!"
I hung up the phone. It was now past seven.
"Who was that?"
"Fucking telemarketer," I said with a grin. "Times up."
A broad smile spread across her face as she stepped up to me, burying her face in my bare chest as she lightly raked her manicured nails across my back. My hands found her hips and deftly untied the strings to her bikini bottoms.
Part 2
Earlier that afternoon, Lisa and Janet had gotten together to play tennis at the club. After lunch, they had headed off for the end-of-season-swimwear sale at The Body Shop. They were a bit lubricated from lunchtime martinis and apparently it was then that they formulated their plan.
"Oh, my god. Can you imagine wearing that?" exclaimed my erstwhile innocent wife to her dearest best friend and confidant as she held up the little white suit that Lisa eventually bought for herself.
"Bill would have a heart attack," giggled Lisa. "Do you think that Sam would like it?"
"On me or you?"
"Either of us."
"I think if he saw you in that, he'd..."
"Go on, spit it out."
"I don't think he'd be able to control himself."
"That'd be fun," giggled Lisa. "I know Bill would love to see you something like this. He'd go berserk!" Once the giggles had subsided, Lisa asked, "Would you wear something like this with Bill? You know, for one of our swap nights?"
"God, Lisa, you're bad! What do you want him to do? Screw me?"
"Why not?"
"Lisa!"
"Oh, don't be such a prude. I've told you how Bill has always had the hots for you. And...I know good and well that you have the hots for my husband. He'd go berserk!"
"You want me to sleep with your husband?"
"Question is Janet, do you want to sleep with him?"
"Well, I..."
"Of course you do! I've seen you two flirting all these years. The simmering lust was always just bubbling under the surface, ready to erupt."
"Lisa!"
"Oh, I know you wouldn't do anything, unless..."
"Unless what?"
"Unless everybody was in agreement. You know, Sam, me, you and Bill."
"Girlfriend, just what are you saying?" asked Janet.
"Well, the kids are all gone and Lord knows, we're not getting any younger. I don't know, maybe I just want a little excitement."
"A little excitement? That's an understatement!"
"Think of it? Just for one night, we swap."
"Are you serious?"
"I don't honestly know. You know, I've never been with anyone else but Bill. All I know, is that before I get too old to enjoy it, I'd like to see what sex with another man would be like. "
"You mean, Sam?"
"Of course I mean Sam. I mean, it's like...well...we've known each other forever it seems and Sam, well..."
"You want to sleep with my husband?"
"Only if it was okay with you."
"Oh, my god Lisa!"
"Oh, look, forget the whole thing! Forget I ever said anything! Please Janet, don't be mad at me!"
"I'm not mad, Lisa. Just a bit surprised, that's all."
"Then you'll consider it?"
"And you want me to sleep with Bill?"
"You want to?"
"Sam would never go for it!"
"How do you know? I bet he'd jump at the chance to have sex with me and if he did, how could he object to you and Bill."
"Hmmm, you're probably right. You should see the way Sam looks at you in the hot tub."
"I've noticed. And I know you've noticed Bill looking at you."
"Well, I should hope so. Makes a girl feel good to know that a man finds her desirable."
"Oh, he finds you desirable alright!"
"What did he say?" asked Janet coyly.
"That he loves your tits," replied Lisa with a straight face.
"He said that?"
"Not exactly, but I know what he thinking." Lisa selected the little yellow suit and held it up to Janet. "You'd look smashing in this!"
"I'd be practically naked in that!"
"Bill would love it!"
"I guess so! Well, Sam will go nuts looking at you in that lil'white thing. It's so thin that you can almost see...you know, that thing probably all but disappears when it's wet."
"There's not much to disappear," giggled Lisa.
"I'll say!"
"So...how about it? What do you say? Let's buy these things and wear them tonight?"
"You're serious?"
"Look, I have an idea. Let's give it until seven PM. Anyone can call it off. Bill, Sam, you, me. All someone has to do is pick up the phone before seven and call it off, no questions asked, no recriminations."
"Hmmm," murmured Janet as she examined the tiny yellow bikini. "Well, to be honest, Sam and I have sort of talked about this before."
"You never told me that!"
"Well, it was just talk, naughty talk. You know, just to spice things up."
"Talks cheap! How 'bout it? Even if one of us chickens out, it'll be fun teasing the guys!"
*****
Bill got home from playing golf about an hour before I pulled in off the road. The girls were at his house, trying on their new thong bikinis.
When Lisa walked out and modeled her outfit for him, his eyes grew big as did his cock. "Holy smokes, Sweet Lips! Is that thing legal?"
"In our pool it is," she said with a naughty grin. "Do you like it?"
"Like it? Damn, I love it! It's a surprise though. I never thought you'd wear something like that."
"Well, I have another surprise for you. Janet! Come on out!"
My blushing wife tentatively stepped out from the hallway and into the Great Room. "Whoa!" exclaimed Bill as Janet, turning a scarlet red, slowly turned around modeling her thong bikini. "You look good enough to eat, Candy girl. Man, oh, man! What feast for my poor old eyes!" Bill let out a low whistle. "Say, can I lick your lollipop, little girl? Oh come'on! Please?"
"Bill you're embarrassing her," admonished his wife.
"Sorry," he replied insincerely. "For the record, does Sam know what you're wearing? Correction, what you're not wearing."
"Don't be silly, Bill," chided his wife, "he won't be home for an hour. You think Sam will like my suit?"
"He'd have to be dead not to like it! Wait a minute. What do you mean by 'will he like my suit?'... Oh, my gosh! What's gotten into you two?"
"Well, Janet and were thinking that tonight we'd swap for a little while. You know, I'll go over and flirt with Sam and Janet..."
"Dressed like that? You cruel bitches! Sam won't be able to control himself! Damn, I seriously doubt that I'd be able to control myself!"
"Bitches? I beg your pardon!" huffed Lisa.
"Yeah, bitches! You two are going to tease us to death! It's called being a prick-tease!"
"Well, if you think we're being bitches, then I guess you don't want to play?"
"You're kidding?" Bill tore his eyes away from Janet long enough to look at his wife. "Just what do you mean by play?"
"Forget it!"
Searching for clarity, Bill pressed on. "No, it's just that, well..."
"If you don't want to play, just say so, and Janet will go home."
"She can stay! She can stay as long as she wants," declared Bill magnanimously.
"Okay, here are the rules," began Lisa. "First and foremost, we don't lose our friends over this. Bill, I love you dearly and... well, if you have any problems with this, any of this, just say so and it's over."
"I love you too, but just what is it that you have in mind? I'm listening."
Lisa took a deep breath. "Okay, let's just see how it goes. If any one of us wants to call this off, you, Sam, Janet or me, all we have to do is call the other house by seven PM. After that, things take... a natural course. If that bothers you, Bill, just call me at Sam's. I'll come right home and Janet goes home."
"I see. And after seven?"
"If no one calls it off, things...things happen."
"Things? Like what?"
"Do I have to spell it out?"
"Yeah, I don't want to get a divorce just because I misunderstood you."
"No one wants a divorce! So there can't be any misunderstandings."
"Lisa, spell it out."
Janet interjected, "Bill, if no one gets cold feet, and I just might, then we...you and me, Sam and Lisa, we swap and spend the night together."
"All night, as in until tomorrow? In pajamas or bare assed naked?"
"What do you think?" asked Lisa with a sly smile.
"Holy shit! You two are putting me on, aren't you?"
"You can end it anytime from now until seven PM, Bill."
Bill looked his wife squarely in the eyes. "Just remember, this is your idea. Not mine, not Sam's. I'll tell ya right now, I ain't calling! No way, Jose!" replied Bill with a grin. "So if either of you two have a problem with that, say so right now! And none of that jealous-female crap later!" he added with a frown.
"How about jealous-male crap?" shot back Lisa. "I know you, and you've always had a jealous streak. So, if you have a problem with me being next door with your best friend, you have until seven to decide. After that, live with it!"
Bill looked down at his feet. The prospect of doing Janet was incredibly exciting to him as evidenced by the achingly stiff pole straining against his pants. On the other hand, he wasn't so sure about Lisa and Sam getting it on. "Yeah, you have a point."
"Well, I need to get next door and get things ready for Sam," stated Lisa without a trace of coyness. "I'll leave you two to your own devices." She turned and headed for the patio door. Pausing in the open door frame, she grasped the sides and swayed her buttocks at her husband. "See ya, love!"
Perplexed, Bill watched his near naked wife head next door to entertain and possibly screw his best friend. He thought about the plan, wrestling with himself for at least a minute or two. Looking at his comely neighbor of seventeen years bursting out of her much too small top, the brain in his dick wrestled with the brain in his head. Bill, not one quibble when it came to making a decision, made peace with himself. It was simple, if the price to fuck Janet was that Sam was going to fuck his Lisa, then so be it!
"Would you like drink, Bill," squeaked Janet as the reality that Lisa had left her with her husband sank in.
"Yeah, Sweet Cheeks. Make it a martini, no vermouth." Bill watched as Janet turned her back to him, letting out a low whistle as she walked into the kitchen to fix two drinks.
Flattered by the wolfish whistle, Janet's face nonetheless burned with embarrassment. How could she be doing this! With a trembling hand, Janet poured Beefeater's into a glass of ice and added two large olives, just the way Bill liked it. Then she mixed herself a gin and tonic. She gasped in surprise as Bill's big hands slid around her waist, rising to boldly but gently cup her breast.
"Hmmmm," he murmured in her ear as he snuggled into the nape of her neck, "I don't think I can wait until seven."
Janet squirmed away from his grasp. "You know the rules. You can look but you can't touch."
"Who says?"
"Remember, that's the rule in the hot tub."
"We're not in the hot tub. But now that you've brought it up..." Without warning, he grasped both ties to her her bikini top and popped the knots.
"Bill!" exclaimed Janet as she desperately grasped her skimpy top to keep it from falling off.
"You said I could look," he said succinctly.
"Bill, I, I, oh hell!"
"Relax, Sugar. Ole Bill's gonna treat you right tonight!"
"I don't know if I can do this."
"Too late to change your mind," he stated.
"No it's not! I have until seven!"
"Bullshit! This was your and Lisa's idea. You want it. So do I."
"I, I,..."
Bill took Janet in his arms, hugging her tenderly while she buried her face in his broad chest. "Look at me," he whispered. "Look at me, darling." Janet looked up into the ruggedly handsome face of her long time friend and neighbor. "You want this. I want this."
"I..."
"Shhh!"
Immobilized, Janet watched as his face came closer and closer. Their lips met. Her lips parted, allowing his tongue to enter her mouth. Kissing him back while melting into his firm embrace, Janet felt one hand slide down her back to caress the exposed flesh of her shapely ass while he ground his stiff cock into her belly.
"Mmmmm," she moaned into his mouth. Her passion quickly rising, Janet automatically ground back into his erection. His wayward hand began working into the cleft between her exposed buttocks. "No! We can't," she breathlessly protested breaking off the smoldering kiss. "Not yet."
"Why not?"
"We've got to wait until seven."
"Why?" he asked pulling her to him again.
"You know why. We've got to wait."
"Wait for what?"
"For Sam and Lisa."
"They're probably bonking right now."
"Sam's not even home yet."
"That his problem."
"No, that's our problem! We've got to give them time to decide."
"Then I take that you have decided?"
"Yes, I mean, no, I mean...Oh I don't know!"
"Bullcrap! You do too know! Otherwise you wouldn't be here... with me... for all practical purposes naked."
"Bill, please! We can't. Not yet! If Sam decides not to do it, or if Lisa get cold feet and decides not to do it, it would be the end of our friendship."
"Hmmm, I suppose," he conceded. "You honestly think Sam's not going to jump Lisa's bones?"
"I suppose he will. We've sort of talked about this."
"I know."
"You know? How would...? Did Sam...?"
"Guys talk too, you know. But as I recall, he said that you'd never go for something like this."
"He did, did he?!" she replied indignantly.
"Yeah, we talked about it."
"When?"
"Oh come now, Janet! What did you and Lisa talk about the day after one of our hot tub parties where Lisa and you somehow lost your tops?"
"You two planned that?"
"Not really. We didn't plan anything... at least at first. But we did talk about it. Sam said you were just drunk."
"You two got us drunk?"
"Let's just say we all had a few-too-many some nights... Shit, you two nearly drove us crazy! Not that either of us minded. Now I know Sam would jump at the chance to, uh, shall we say, get to know Lisa, in the biblical sense."
"And me?"
"Sam knows I'd..." Bill grabbed Janet and pulled her to him. "Well, tonight, I'll get my fantasy."
"Oh, and what if I say 'no'?"
"Your not going to do that, now are you, Sugar Cake?"
"I don't know, Bill. Lisa talked me into this crazy thing."
"She didn't twist your arm or anything, did she?"
"No. It's just that I've never cheated on Sam."
"If you were having an affair behind Sam's back, that would be cheating. But if Sam knows and Lisa knows and they agreed to it, then it wouldn't be cheating."
"Then what would it be?"
"Mmmmm, adult entertainment," replied Bill.
"So I'm to be your entertainment?"
"Yes and no. We'll be... playmates. Yeah, playmates for a night of sexual play." Bill smiled, confident that he'd just won on logic.
"Then we have to wait."
"Why?" asked Bill with exasperation in his voice.
"Because we'd be cheating if we didn't wait 'til seven."
"Damn!" muttered Bill knowing that he'd been bested. His eyes brightened, "But! I still get to look!"
"Bill!"
"Give me the top...C'mon, rules are rules...That's a good girl. Now, isn't that better?"
Janet did her best to cover her bare breasts. "I feel so..."
"Naked?"
"Yes, naked. God, I'm so embarrassed!"
"Don't be. You're beautiful!"
"You really think so?"
"I especially like you naked. See the bulge in my pants?"
Janet looked while Bill pulled off his golf shirt. Kicking off his shoes, Bill simultaneously began unbuckling his belt.
"What are you doing?" gasped his longtime friend and neighbor.
"Getting comfortable," he replied as he dropped his pants along with his boxers. "You're not the only one who can be naked."
"Bill! Oh...my... god!"
"You like it?" he grinned back at her.
Taken aback by his brashness, all Janet could do was stare with her mouth agape at Bill's bobbing organ. Often she'd wondered what it really looked like and now she knew.
Looking down at his erection, Bill quipped, "Well, what do you think, Willy?" Squeezing his groin muscles, he made his dick jump, nodding twice. "She's pretty nice, huh?" Again his dick bobbed twice. "You wanna get to know her better?" Again he made his dick nod twice. "You say you wanna snuggle up with her Miss Kitty? You do? Well, maybe we should ask the pretty lady for an introduction."
Bill's ribald humor got the best of her. Momentarily Janet's embarrassment evaporated as she broke out in laughter.
"I think she likes you too, Willy," continued Bill.
"Jan-doll, Willy wants to get familiar with Miss Kitty."
Reality set back in and her laughter faded. "Wha... Oh, god! Uh, uh, I think I need a drink."
"Good idea!" Bill eagerly rejoined as his socks joined the rest of his clothes on the kitchen floor.
Janet turned towards the drinks on the counter top. Before she could turn back, Bill slid his arms around her and pulled her to him, nestling his erection between her cheeks. "That ought to keep Willy warm," he whispered grinding into her butt cleft. "Now where were we?" he whispered before kissing her neck.
"We, we were going to have a drink," she squeaked as he cupped a bare breast.
"Yes, I sort of recall something like that," he said softly copping a feel.
With a drink in each hand, Janet deftly twisted away from his groping hands and stuck a wet cold glass to Bill's groin.
"OH SHIT!" he cried bending sharply at the waist before grabbing his drink from his balls.
"That'll cool you off a little," she giggled.
Bill allowed her a little space and watched with interest as she gulped down her gin and tonic. "Another one?" he helpfully offered.
"Yes, please," she replied holding out the empty glass with a trembling hand.
Bill mixed Janet another drink and handed it to her. In mutual silence, Bill ogled her nakedness while calmly sipping his gin. Before he had consumed a third of his first drink, she had finished her second. By this time all attempts to modestly cover her exposed boobs had more or less ceased. Smiling weakly at her nude neighbor, she stepped up to the counter to fix herself a third drink.
Sipping her drink to check the mixture, she once again felt Bill's big hands come around her waist. But instead of traveling directly to her tits as he had done earlier, his hands quickly withdrew, innocently gliding up her muscular back to her shoulders. She took a sip and felt his lips, cooled by his gin, kiss the nape of her neck. Another kiss quickly followed, and then another. With each kiss his lips became warmer.
Janet gulped her drink and sat the near empty glass onto the counter top. As the kisses showered across her neck and shoulders, she closed her eyes, enjoying the sensual attention that she was receiving as well the wanton wetness gathering between her legs. Soon Bill was slowly working down her back, kissing and gently nibbling at her flesh while his hands glided ever so lightly along the sides of her torso. On his knees, Bill showered kisses across her buttocks, nuzzling his face into her ass while his hands explored up and down her legs. Finding no resistance, his hands rose to her hips where his thumbs wormed their way under the elastic waistband of her swimming thong.
With her thong suddenly down below her knees, Janet's eyes flew open. "Bill!" she weakly protested. It was too late, before she could do anything at all, her last garment was down around her ankles. She turned and in an instant it was gone completely.
Standing, Bill proudly displayed his trophy. "Look Willy, there's Miss Kitty," he joked.
"Bill, please," she pleaded with a slur. "Give me back my bottoms."
"Why? They're just in the way of a good time."
"We can't... Not yet, any way."
"Not yet? So...you wanna do it?"
"It's not time. We have to wait."
"Until seven?"
"Yes."
"Hear that Willy? You're gonna meet Miss Kitty!"
"Now please," she begged.
Bill regarded the woman whom he was about to screw for the first time, a woman whom he had adored and coveted for so many years, a woman who was always to close by, yet unattainable. Her blue eyes looked pleadingly at him, her pert nipples capping her cherry-like areola standing erect and turned upward. His eyes descended past her deep navel and settled on her tiny patch of blond bush, almost invisible and freshly trimmed for the thong she no longer wore.
"Please..."
"You want your cunt cover?"
Rolling her eyes at the crude remark, Janet scowled answering, "Yes."
"Okay, Sugar Plum. Hold out your hands. Together, palms up."
Janet held her hands out as directed. Taking his time, Bill untangled the somewhat knotted thong.
"Now close your eyes."
Janet closed her eyes, hands outstretched. Bill slipped the thong over her wrists and gave a few quick twists. Feeling the constricting pressure, Janet opened her eyes and tried to pull her hands away. Realizing her predicament, a surge of adrenaline flooded into her bloodstream. She wanted to run, run home to safety, but Bill held her fast.
"Bill!"
"Willy really wants to meet Miss Kitty. Now, not later."
Holding the thong binding her wrists in his left hand, Bill led my wife back into the living room and to the sofa, half leading and half pulling her as she protested weakly. Sitting, he pulled her down to sit with him.
"Bill..."
"Shhhh!" Extending his left arm, he pulled her hands over her head, forcing her to lie back, stretched out against the soft backrest. "Sweet Pea, you want it and I want it," he said in a low voice. "We're in agreement about everything, but the timing." Hooking his ankles around her ankles, he spread her legs open. "Now, you're about to get fucked, so just relax and enjoy it."
She struggled momentarily, as a proper mother of three children should, but it was of no use. Bill held her in position with ease. Her breathing became shallow and increasingly rapid, her pussy tingling in anticipation. Helpless and completely vulnerable, Janet feebly whimpered. She expected him to simply roll on top of her and run Willy up Miss Kitty, but instead, she felt the tips of the fingers of his free right hand, gliding ever so lightly across her taut skin, making lazy, crazy circles on her abdomen and around her navel.
She shivered as his fingers slid across her pubic mound, down her leg and back up her inner thigh, coming oh so close, but not quite reaching her pussy. Her arousal building, the fingers made several more round trips, around her navel, down across her pubic mound, down her leg and up her inner thigh, teasing her, but never touching her increasingly wet snatch. The feather-touch fingers swirled around her navel a few times and then ascended, circling each of her breasts in spirals that never quite made it to her erect nipples.
All the while that he was stroking her, Bill watched her expression turn from alarm to a glassy-eyed stare, her breath coming in short, puppy dog-like pants. When his fingers did finally close around a nipple, she jerked, a helpless ecstatic moan rising deep from within her throat. Rolling her nipple between his fingers, Bill watched with satisfaction as she began to squirm about and softly moaning in salacious contentment.
Bill began kissing her along her sides, up and across her stretched armpits and up the inside of her forearm, sending shivers of delight through her body. Soundlessly, Janet's mouth hung open. He switched nipples, allowing the most recently torment nip only a moment's rest before his lips quickly switched from her arm to her breast. Following a few light nibbles of her tit meat, his tongue began spiraling up the mound of her breast. Upon reaching the top, he flicked the excited nip with the tip of his tongue, then embraced it with his lips. Her moans were becoming more louder and he worked her nipples harder, one with his mouth, the other with fingers. Her body trembling, Janet let out a throaty groan that was almost a growl.
Bill released her tits. "Damn Sunshine! I thought Sam was just bull shitting me, but you really do cum just playing with your tits."
She heard the remark, but was in no condition to respond. With her hands still trapped in her thong and held outstretched above her head, she soon felt his fingers gliding up her leg again. Expecting him to tease her again as his finger slid up her inner thigh, she gasped with unexpected pleasure as it slid into her juicing slit.
"You're all wet, darling. Bet I know what you want. How's this?"
"Ohhhh!" she cried as his thick finger found her clit. The pleasuring finger swirled around her bud a few times and then traveled back down her aroused slit, gently probing, but not penetrating her vagina. Exploring Miss Kitty, Bill discovered differences between Janet's cunt and his wife's familiar cunt, finding my wife's clit to be more demure and her inner pussy lips less pronounced than his wife's. I too discovered these differences later that evening.
His initial forays completed, Bill's finger made it way back to my wife's throbbing clit. Now with two fingers in her slit, he concentrated on getting her off. A few minutes of vibrating pressure up against the side of her nubbin did the trick.
As the orgasm exploded from her groin, Janet screamed, then seemingly began choking as an intense wave of intoxicating pleasure engulfed her body. It was long minutes before her body stopped shuddering and several more minutes before she finally regained control of her senses. When she did, she dreamily realized that Bill had moved between her legs. He was now on top of her, holding his weight off her petite body with one arm while the other still held her helplessly outstretched. Looking down between their nude bodies, she saw his stiff cock, posed to ravish her.
"I think it's time that Willy and Miss Kitty met," he said grinning down at her. "Just a kiss, of course," he added as he pressed his cock against her pussy. Her wet and slippery lips parted, surrounding the head of his cock. Without penetrating further, Willy withdrew, a soft smacking noise announcing that their flesh had parted.
"Oooooo, they're kissing," cooed Bill as repeatedly pressed his cock into her folds, just parting her lips and then withdrawing, each withdrawal accompanied by the lewd smacking noise. Lust having overcome her inhibitions, her body responded automatically by wrapping her legs around his waist and punching her hips up to get more penetration.
"I think Miss Kitty likes Willy."
Lustfully panting, she whispered, "Oh, god. Do it. Please, just do it."
"Do what?"
"You know what!"
"It's not seven PM yet, so you can't mean..."
"Please Bill, do it!"
"Tell me what you want, Peaches."
"You know! You know, damn you!"
"You've gotta tell me. Willy ain't goin' nowhere he's not invited."
"Fuck me, damn it. Fuck me," she whispered. "What was that?"
"Damn it Bill. Fuck me!"
"My pleasure, Jan-girl."
Bill pushed, sinking his cock into my wife's pussy a little deeper. "Ohhhhh," my erstwhile loyal wife moaned as the illicit mating of Willy with Miss Kitty began. Taking his time, Bill fucked her slowly. Thrusting shallow eight or nine times before penetrating her hot welcoming cunt a little deeper, he slowly fucked into her until he got to her g-spot with Willy's broad head.
"Ohhh god, yessssss," she hissed as her g-spot was mercilessly stimulated. "Ohhhhh, yessssss, baby. That feels sooooo good. Ohhh. Ohhhh. Ohhhh." Soon she was climbing the pre-orgasmic ramp. With each measured, deliberate stroke of his cock across her G, she got nearer and nearer to the precipice.
Bill felt the first tremors and then Miss Kitty attempted to crush Willy. Her eyes rolled up into her head as the orgasmic spasms took complete control of body and mind. The contractions eased a moment. Releasing her wrist bindings, Bill plunged into Miss Kitty's depths up to Willy's root and began vigorous fucking her. Miss Kitty responded violently as a second crescendo swept up from her groin.
Bill's balls threatened to boil over. Unwilling to end this first fucking of my wife too quickly, he abruptly pulled out of her pulsating snatch. Quick as a cat, he slid down between her wildly flailing legs to feast upon her dripping sex, burying his face into the wet folds of Miss Kitty, slurping up the sweet nectar of her gushing cunt.
Her hands now free, she grabbed his head and did her best to insert the entire thing into her cunt, but to no avail. She did however manage to choke off his air supply. His nose rubbing her clit and his tongue up her vagina, Bill valiantly held his breath as he continued eating her out.
Janet jackknifed as another climax ripped through her. Her thighs clamped together, trapping Bill's head. At last he had to break it off or pass out and forcefully extracted himself from between her legs.
"Old Sam was right. You're one hot mama!" he exclaimed with his first full breath.
"C'mon cupcake," he said pulling Janet upright, "Ole Willy's rested and raring for more of that sweet snatch of yours." Pulling her further forward, Bill lay back onto the carpet. Janet, focusing on his stiff prong jutting into the air, didn't hesitate for a moment. Crawling on top of him, she grasped his cock and guided it back into her wanton pussy. "That's it, darling. Fuck old Bill. Fuck me till I cum in your cunt! Oh, yeah, baby, you're a hot fuck!"
Bill lay back and let her do all the work, relishing the sight of my wife's B-cup titties jiggling and her trim stomach flexing and rippling as she rode his dick. Soon tiring of a passive fuck, Bill rolled her off.
"Nooooo," she whined. "You gotta cum too."
"I'll cum, Sweetie," he replied helping her to her feet. Guiding her to the armrest of the sofa, he bent her over and rammed his cock up her puss from behind. The entire house instantly filled with the slapping sound of his groin impacting her buttocks as he fucked her hard.
"Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh," she grunted in time with his thrusts.
All subtleties abandoned, Bill worked to get his rocks off. Soon he felt the pressure of his cum gathering, moving up from his balls into thick base of his cock. His cock swelled and his balls began to tighten. "I'm cumming, baby!" he announced. "I'm cumming in your cunt!" Then in an explosive rush, his potent seed surged forth and spurt into my Janet. With the force of his orgasm, Bill's head lolled back as he hollered "OH! YES,YES! OH SWEET FUCKING MERCY!!!!"
The feel of his cock throbbing and his semen jetting into her cunt triggered another orgasm. Janet yelled, "Aaaaiiiieeee!" just before her voice was choked off as her world once again imploded inward.
In the afterglow of great sex, it was some minutes before either could function at any level other than just breathing. Apparently it was Janet who gathered her senses first. Standing upright with Bill's semen streaming down her legs, the first thing she was aware of was the rasping sounds coming from behind her. Turning, she saw Bill, flat on his back, sawing logs. Willy, once proud and formidable, was napping too.
"He's just like, Sam," she muttered to herself bemused. Kneeling beside him, she ran her fingers across his broad, hairy chest. His eyes fluttered open. "Hey Big Boy! Where you've been?"
"A man's gotta rest."
"That was fantastic!"
"That's an understatement, Sunshine. I'll have to hand it you ladies; this was a great idea! Yeah! This is fun!" Bill cupped her breast. "I'm really gonna enjoy having you next door, close and accessible. You know, we should've done this a long time ago... To be honest with you, I was skeptical at first. I know Lisa. I was thinking, 'They can't be serious! This has to be a diabolical trap of some sort.'"
"Uh, it's a quarter after six," she responded with a hint of anxiety in her voice.
"Think we oughta call? Let'em know that seven is no longer operable?"
"No!"
"What if they call?"
"They had better not!"
"Well, Sam won't call. But... Lisa might. That woman can change her mind faster than... If she pulls that shit... Hell, if I have to, I'll go over and tie her spread eagle to your bed for Sam."
"We should've waited. Let's just hope they don't call."
"Certainly would've kept things simple," he mused. "You should've said 'no'."
"I did! I said..."
"You weren't very convincing."
Janet started to reply but Bill held up hands to stave off any further discussion of what should've been. "Well, what's done's done." His eyes brightened. "I know! How about if we take the phone off the hook?"
"No, that won't work. They'll just run over."
Bill stood, taking Janet in his arms he tenderly kissed her. "Ah, fuck'em! You know what? I feel like a teenager! That was the best sex I've had in years."
"I know what you mean," answered Janet burrowing into his bare chest.
"I'm not criticizing Lisa. She's a wonderful wife, wonderful in bed. I don't know. I suppose it's..."
Janet completed his sentence, "The thrill of it."
"Yeah, you could certainly say that. A thrill, that's certainly what Lisa's been looking for. A little spice... Yeah, something to add a little spice. As for me... Damn, look at you! Talk about spicy! You're the most beautiful, most desirable woman, other than my wife, I've ever known. You walk into the room and Willy stands up, all excited to see you.
"I have a confession, Jan... I've wanted to fuck you from the moment we met ages ago. Suddenly, the unavailable is available! Damn! We should've done this sooner."
"I don't think any of us could've handled it any earlier."
"I could've handled it."
"Maybe, but I don't think I could've, nor Lisa, nor Sam."
"Yeah, you're probably right about Lisa. It's only been recently that she started bitching about how dull things seem to have gotten. But Sam, I bet he would've adjusted very quickly."
"You think so?"
"He's a guy!"
"Yeah, he's a guy... So are you. Tell me the truth, Bill. Has he ever cheated on me?"
"What?"
"You heard me. Apparently he tells you everything, so I'm sure he would've told you about that."
"No! Never!"
"Not even on his trips out of town?"
"He might have hit a titty bar or two through the years, but that's all."
"Titty bars? He goes to titty bars?"
"He's a guy... Oh, for Christ's sake!"
"He never told me."
"Look, forget I ever said anything. Damn! You girls! You take everything out of context, twist it all around and make it into something that it's not! Now you asked me if he had ever cheated on you. The answer is no! Never! Titty bars, they're for guys to gawk and look. Look, that's all!"
"You ever cheat on Lisa?"
"No! And yes, over the years I've been to few titty bars myself. With Sam! Now enough of this inquisition crap!"
"Okay. I guess I shouldn't have asked."
"No problem in the asking. Just be sure you accept the answer as it is and not try and make it into something it's not!"
"Sorry."
"Don't sweat it, Sugar Lips." Changing the subject, Bill stated, "You know, for some reason I'm famished."
"Well, we have supper all ready. How about a grilled salmon salad?"
"I'd rather a T-bone, but rabbit food will do, I guess."
"You rather me fix you something else?"
"Naw! It'll be seven soon. By then, Willy should be rested up and ready to go!"
Without fanfare or enthusiasm, they ate their diner as the clock counted down to seven.
"They're not gonna call," stated Bill dipping his bread into a saucer filled with olive oil.
"They have another ten minutes. Here give me your plate and I'll clean up. Would you like a slice of pie? Lemon meragine?"
"The only pie I want, Sweetie, is between your legs," he replied somewhat crudely. "Mmmm, fresh snatch pie! That's for me! How 'bout you coming a little closer and give me a little sniff?"
"Bill! Honestly! What's gotten into you?" Her nervousness growing by the moment, Janet busied herself with loading the dishwasher. Bill, coming up from behind, massaged her firm buttocks.
"Nice, very nice," he said.
"Thanks."
"Sam told me..."
"What did he say?"
"Hmmm, nothing. Just forget it."
"Spit it out. He's apparently told you a lot, so... what is it?"
"Well, sometimes guys bullshit other guys, especially about sex. But everything he's told me has turned out to be true."
"And?"
"Well," he said slipping his hand between her cheeks, "Sam says you like it here."
Janet jumped as his thick finger bore into her anus. "Hey!" she yelped as she twisted away.
"Well? Was he bullshitting me?"
"Maybe not... God, I can't believe he told you about that! Bill, let's get one thing straight, right now. If they don't call in the next few minutes, Willy and Miss Kitty can play together all night long. But, don't take advantage of me. I'm telling you right now, that's strictly reserved for Sam."
"Maybe you'll change your mind?"
"Bill, please. I trust you. Otherwise I wouldn't be here. As a friend, don't ask me again and don't take advantage of me. You do, so help me God, this will be last time we do this."
"Bullshit!" Bill grabbed her, spun her around and forced her to bend face down on the table.
"Bill! What are you doing?" With his big left paw between her shoulder blades, holding her down, Bill coated his right middle finger with olive oil.
"Let me up!" Bill kicked her ankles apart. "Bill!" She felt his finger press against her anus. "So help me, Bill, I'll, I'll...ohhhh!"
Taking his time, Bill slowly pushed his fat finger into her rectum, twisting his wrist until he was deep into her ass. "You say something, Baby?" he whispered.
"Ohhhh," she moaned.
Slowly he began finger fucking her ass.
"So what in hell are ya gonna do, Jan? Call Sam?"
"Ahhhh!"
"Oh Sam! Sam!" he called in a falesto voice, "There's a strange man with a finger up my butt! Oooooo, and it feels soooo good! ... Is that what ya wanna tell him?"
"Uhhhhh!"
"Yeah, go call Sam." Slowly sawing in and out, giving his finger a little fast jabbing now and then, he added, "Why don't you tell him the deal's off for this evening. Tell him, 'Sorry Sam, but I don't want to play anymore. I'm coming home right away. Send Lisa home right now. Oh, by the way, hope you don't mind, but Bill and I have already fornicated. Fornicate? That's polite talk for 'fucking', dear. It was fun!'
"Just remember, Jan-doll, this was your idea."
"Ohhhh!"
"In for a penny, in for a pound."
"Ahhhhh!"
"Don't worry, Sugar, it's not like ole Willy's going where no man's gone before. He'll just be another visitor! If he likes it, he might become a regular and drop in often."
"Mmmmmm."
By that time Janet was up on her toes with her hips rotating. She had totally surrendered. Bill pulled his finger from my wife's ass. Pulling her upright by her blonde hair, he reached around and felt her stiff nipples.
"Nice 'n hard! Oh, you like it, alright!" She winced and whined as his big fingers closed hard on her nip. "Nipples don't lie!"
Releasing her nipple, Bill placed her hand on his cock. "Now look what you've done! Willy's all excited again. We'll just have to do something about that," he growled. "Now won't we, Jan?"
"Oh, god yessssss," she hissed through her teeth.
Glancing up at the clock, Bill observed, "Two minutes to go... They're not gonna call, they're not gonna call. Yes! They're gonna fuck! Oh yeah, have fun good buddy! Put it to her, Sammy-boy. Remember what I told ya, she likes it a little rough, so fuck her good!" Turning back to Jan he added, "See, I told ya he'd fuck her! In a minute, Spice-girl, and you won't have to worry about jumping the gun. It'll be a moot point. One minute and it's full-body-contact no-holds-barred adult entertainment time!"
In an abrupt transition, a bright childish look came across his face. "Hey! Ohhhh, this'll be good! Wanna have some fun?" Bill tore off a piece of paper napkin and stuffed it in his mouth.
"What in the hell are you talking about?" asked my very horny but confused wife.
He dialed the phone. Once it began ringing he switched it to speakerphone.
"Bill! What are you doing?" she demanded in alarm.
"Hello?" answered a weak but familiar voice. Stifling a gasp, Janet's eyes went wide at the sound of my voice.
"May I speak to Mr. or Mrs. Sam Kline?" asked Bill in an oddly muffled voice.
"What?"
"Mr. Kline, this is a courtesy call from American Express. How are you doing this evening?"
"Wha?"
"I'm not trying to sell you anything Mr. Kline, but we have some special offers that are available only to valued customers of Ameri..."
"Oh fuck!" exclaimed the voice.
"Three days and two nights free in Chicago, just for trying our new travel service."
"Oh god damn."
"Pardon me, sir?
"Look, I'm not interested."
"But sir, this will not cost you anything!"
The phone went dead. Amused with his little joke, Bill hooted, "I got him! I got him! I nailed him good!"
Broadly smiling, my best buddy turned back to my darling wife with Willy proudly displaying his finest military bearing. Pointing, Bill said, "C'mere, lover. Ole Willy needs a kiss."
END