Leon struggled in his science class and was almost giving up at the idea of graduating from high school. As an 18 year old he did not see good prospects as an adult. His teacher coached him and encouraged him. She was his science teacher and sometimes spent time after class helping him with his studies. He admired her intelligence and her looks, and grew fond of her for helping him and showing interest. Anh was also his track coach and she would actually exercise with the students and practice with them, coaching on techniques.
It was warm outside and Leon noticed Anh, 25 years old, was wearing cotton shorts that were thin and pink. He loved it because he could see her panty lines highlighting her nice figure. When she moved certain ways he could see her butt cheeks, and sometimes the band of her panties. Leon wished he could see her small figure naked. She was certainly an exotic Vietnamese Asian with light brown skin.
Anh was growing fond of Leon because he was showing interest and improvement. She seemed to be able to get through to him. Anh noticed he always seemed to be looking at her figure. She was single and somewhat lonely for love and attention, so in small ways she rewarded Leon once in a while with a glimpse or two of her figure. She would bend over in front of him to get a book for example. She would cuddle him a little bit as she helped him study by putting an arm around his shoulders. This gave her the opportunity to let her small boobs rub against his back, arm, or shoulder.
Leon wanted Anh's cell phone number in case he had homework questions, and she agreed to give it to him. Leon had a regular picture of Anh he had taken at school. Soon he sent text questions to her about his homework, but also complimented her on her looks.
Leon texted, "I have that picture of you on the sports field and you look so good. I love that picture."
"I like sports too." Anh replied, "What do you like about it?" She felt sexy that a man liked her looks.
"I just like your fit body, and nice legs all the way up." Leon could visualize her legs. His imagination was racing. He sensed that he was making some progress.
Anh liked the intrigue and the suspense of Leon telling her what he really wanted to see. She teased, "Is that all?"
Careful not to go too quickly, "Well I would just like to feel what it is like to hold you close to me." Leon wanted to tell her he wanted to fuck her every way possible, but kept the dirty talk at bay. "I just feel close to you because you are such a beautiful person. Just being close to your beautiful legs, beautiful body, and beautiful smile makes me feel good, like life is beautiful."
Anh imagined what hard young body would feel like hugging her, and wondered how hard and throbbing his cock got. She had an urge to find out how big it got.
Leon spoke in the heat of the moment, "I have an idea, a proposal."
"Oh yeah?" Anh took the bait.
"Yeah, I would like to see just how far up those legs go. Are you wearing a bathing suit right now?" Leon was intense.
"Of course not," she answered.
"Well you are wearing those shorts and panties aren't you."
"Yes. So what?" Anh was curious how his masterful courting would develop.
"Why don't you take a selfie in your panties and post it on Kik? That way you don't break the student teacher rules, and I can see if your legs really go all the way up."
"That is ridiculous, of course they do." Anh thought the conversation was taking a silly, immature turn.
"No, really I am serious the real beauty of the legs has to do with how well they blend in with the rest of your beauty." Leon hoped this was good enough to keep the conversation in the right direction. He was thinking way ahead and was hoping to get nude pictures of her, but also wanted to take her in all three holes. He imagined sodomizing her and spanking her firm ass.
"Now he sounds more mature than his age," she thought. She was a bit lonely and sought the warm embrace of a man. "Ok, what is Kik?"
"Oh, it is just a social website where you can post what ever you want, and meet others." Leon was not an expert about the site but knew you could post pictures.
"Well I don't know," Anh said.
"Come on. Please, just for me."
This was a strike at her heart. After all, it would be just panties, not nudity. Panties were like a bikini bathing suit anyway she reasoned. "Well maybe. How do you get on Kik anyway?"
Leon was ecstatic, "I will tell you how." He also explained that the picture could do no harm, it is just like wearing a bikini on the beach, or at the swimming pool.
After choosing a set of underwear that wouldn't reveal too much the first time, Anh took a self timer photo of herself in her panties and a bra. Following Leon's instructions over the phone, she created a Kik account and posted the picture.
Leon pulled up Kik and looked at her selfie. "You look awesome!" He complimented her emphatically without going over board. Leon was excited that he had gotten this far with her, and as he stroked his cock, was hopeful to make love to her.
Anh said, "Thank you. Do you like those panties?" She had not had this much attention from a man and did not have a boyfriend. This attention made her feel so good that she felt happy.
Leon zoomed in on the high definition picture to see the shape of her pussy and saw a hint of camel toe. He could see a few strands of her black pubic hair. He started an app that would keep her camera on as he pleased without her knowing it. "Why don't you try on another pair, maybe like lingerie? So I can still hear you while you talk, why don't you keep the camera pointed toward you while you change?"
Anh agreed and went to her dresser. She selected another pair, and while she changed Leon had her camera going and got some nice shots of her naked ass and some good frontal views.
They talked and chatted together over the phone, and finally Leon said, "Why don't we meet at the park so we can talk in person?"
"Ok, but I can't stay long," she answered.
When they arrived at the park, Anh joined Leon in his car. To Anh this was like a romantic rendezvous. This was the closest thing to an affair she has had. She never dreamed of having romance with a student. The danger in being discovered in a park, and with a student was a thrill, but she had to be discreet. It had to be a secret affair. However she was almost desperate to have kisses and hugs with a man, and just to feel close to a strong man.
Instead of just conversation where Leon felt he could make a mistake, he started just by caressing her arm, up to her shoulder and neck. He traced a finger along her chin, and brushed her hair behind her ear tracing her ear lobe, to the small hairs behind her ear, and to the small of her neck and the edges of her hair line. He traced back along the bottom of her neckline to the top button of her blouse, saying "just opening a little." He unfastened the top button and let his finger trace the newly revealed skin.
Anh had chosen a short skirt, a button up blouse, and a bra with a front clasp. It had made her feel sexy. She wanted to show him, but did not want to seem like a whore in the public park. She wasn't anything like a prostitute, just a normal woman seeking passionate love and attention. She wanted to be pampered.
While he licked her neckline to the open button he lightly caressed the side of her chest and back. With his head blocking her view he unfastened another button, and then another. The closer he got to her tits, the more he felt her body heat up. As he caressed her sides he let a hand drift down to her hemline and catching it with his little finger pulled her skirt back, and he could see her panties and the beautiful curves of her pussy.
Now he could see she had a front fastening bra and by now she realized he had undone more buttons, but did not stop him. When he unbuttoned the last button toward her waist, he licked more toward her neck and pushed her shirt back over her shoulder. Now cooler air was reaching her nipples and they stood out. He kissed and licked over her boobs, and around the sides, underneath, and between them. He could feel her body heat getting hotter. As he explored around her tits, he put her hand on the back of his head so she could guide the direction and pressure of his kisses.
Finally he started kissing and licking her nipples, and licked around the bottom and the sides of her boobs. She was breathing heavier, as he pushed her top down her arms, baring her entire front. As he kissed and licked her boobs, he let his hand in the back pull her arms free of her shirt sleeves, and lightly stroked up and down her spine from the small of her back to her neck, and gently caressing the back of her neck. His hand drifted down her spine again to the small of her back and pushed the waist of her skirt down a little so he could play with the band of her panties and feel the top of her ass through the panties. He slid several fingers under the panty band to the top of her ass crack.
Anh did not want Leon to stop.
Leon pushed her eyelids closed for a minute. Leon paused and reached for his camera. "Let me take a picture of those wonderful breasts," and as she opened her eyes back he snapped several pictures of her naked front, and her upskirt panty shot.
Anh was satisfied to let Leon drive the action, as he was the male and she thrived and immersed herself in his wishes to have every part of her body.
He kissed and licked her boobs some more, and licked down her belly. As he kissed her stomach, he found the fastener at the top of her skirt, unzipped the side and let it fold down to her lap, almost covering her exposed pussy again. He kissed along the band of her panties, kissed her legs on both sides of her crotch methodically pushing the back of her skirt down her ass, fondling her ass a little, and cupping her cheeks to lift up one side and then the other to slide her skirt down past her crotch.
Slowly he worked her skirt down her legs while he started to kiss around her pussy mound and clit. Through her panties he felt of her ass, and let his finger travel her crack down to the anal indention, and then the indention of her vagina. He could feel the heat around her asshole, and coming from her vagina. He teased the edges through her panties and tried to see if she had a wet spot yet.
He kept teasing her pussy slit with one hand while kissing and teasing her pussy with his mouth, and with the other hand let her panties slide down a little bit at a time causing air on her licked skin to feel cool. As he kissed her clit Anh humped her pussy toward his mouth, clinching her ass cheeks some as he let his fingers slide into her ass crack so he could feel her clinch.
Almost carelessly, maybe at risk, she let Leon push her panties down more, and his kisses and licks felt so erotic she moaned and twisted. This movement allowed him to lower her panties more, and as she twisted around his finger found wetness around the edges of her pussy opening. He worked her juices around the edges and up and down her slit, as he was now kissing and sucking on her pussy lips, and licking her vestibule and inside of her pussy lips. He tongue teased her clit and pee hole as he let a finger gradually slide into her.
He could feel her pussy clasp on his finger, and he sought her G-spot to massage and tease.
She was getting very wet, and before he was even ready for the move, she said in heaving breaths, "Fuck me. Please fuck me."
He pulled her skirt down over her feet, removed her shoes, and left her panties just before her knees. He took a few quick shots of her pussy and ass with her panties in down to her knees, and then removed her panties. Quickly he got her to hold her pussy lips spread and he took a few wonderful pictures from asshole to clit.
Setting the camera to the side he was so jittery not to miss anything that he hardly had his pants pulled down enough before he let her hold his cock and guide it into her pussy. Gently he let his cock get wet from her juices, and let her pussy get ready, and then he slid it in. Anh grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him into her.
As they began to fuck, with a finger, he caught some of her juices leaking out over her perineum as they humped together, he brought the finger to her mouth and let her suck the juices. He felt for more and rubbed the dripping over her anus.
They both climaxed together in the cramped car, and he slid her down, crawling on top, and plunged his cock in her mouth and let her clean the juices off his cock. Before she knew what he was doing, he turned her over his knees, and spanked her ass, watching the firmness of her buns bounce back. He spread her ass to take a good look at her asshole, and then snapped a few pictures of it.
Leon licked her pussy clean as she pushed out his cum mixed with her own juices. He licked up and down her slit, and licked the juices that had dripped over her asshole and down her crack. He rimmed her asshole good. It was his first time to eat Asian pussy, and it was his first time swallowing cum, even if it was his own he licked from her pussy.
Anh had to pee, so he steadied her while she sat on the edge of the seat to pee in an arch. When she was done, he licked the pee drips from her pussy and asshole. He couldn't get enough of her pussy, juices, pee and all.
She gave him a gratifying hug when they finished. It was the best car sex she had ever imagined.
He reached down to get her panties and hand them to her, helping her step into them. He handed her the skirt and her bra. She got fully dressed and they got in their separate cars to head out. She saw a police car patrolling as they turned out of the park. This was another thrill and she wondered what would have happened if they would have been caught.
In the oncoming days, Leon convinced Anh to take more selfies and post them on Kik. He talked her into posting herself in her most favorite lingerie, and then some spread pussy poses. There were several exhibitionist shots of full frontal, showing pussy and tits. She took several on all fours showing asshole up, and spreading her cheeks. Leon loved the soft tender color of her skin, her black pubic hair, and her long black hair.
Leon talked her into stripping on Skype, and playing with her pussy, then masturbating to climax and showing her dripping pussy cream with thick creamy white pussy cum. He video taped every session.
Leon was trying to think of ways to make money on the side. He knew a lot of guys who were into burglary and theft, even purse snatching. Wanting to be more discreet, he decided to try selling drugs, but only a little at first, kind of testing the waters. It dawned on him that Anh was willing to do just about anything for him. He decided to test the idea.
The next day he showed up at her school office. Walking in he shut and locked the door behind him. She stood up and they hugged. She said "What are you doing here?"
"I wanted to see what panties you are wearing today." Promptly he reached down and pulled her skirt up so he could see. His other arm had reached under her skirt and under the band of her panties fondling her ass.
"Stop that!" She was shocked and taken by surprise.
He pushed her back into her chair and holding her head by the hair, took his cock out with the other hand and rubbed it against her lips.
"Mmmphf, stop!"
Roughly he slapped her face and said, "Open!"
Not wanting to cause attention as this would get her fired, and she needed time to think. She opened her mouth trying to delay him. But holding her hair, Leon stuck his cock in her mouth, and said, "Suck it!"
Beginning to think this was some kind of new game, Anh complied and started sucking.
He said, "Kiss and lick the top, twirl you tongue around the head and see if it will go down your throat."
It was turning him on so much that he didn't last long. Soon she was gripping his hardening cock in her mouth, and his pulsing cum vein was undulating on her lips and tongue as it started pumping volleys of cum into the back of her mouth. Most of it was swallowed and went down her throat, but some of it puddled on her tongue. She could taste it well.
When she had swallowed the last drop, he pushed her face down on her desk, raised her skirt up over her ass, and pulled down her panties. He spanked her ass, felt it up, and spread it to look at her asshole. He ran his hand down her crotch from behind and felt of every part of her pussy, sticking his finger into her pussy, and not surprisingly found it was wet. He let her suck his finger dry. She was desperate to end this impromptu session because if caught at this with a student, she could lose her job.
Zipping up, he told her, "We need to talk tonight, I will call you."
Soon after she got home, the phone rang. It was Leon. "We need to meet so we can talk in private." He told her to meet him at a store in the hood, and how to get there.
Just in case, she put on some red lace panties, and a revealing matching bra with clasp in the front to show off at least one last time. Anh reluctantly got in her car and though she was not familiar with the area followed his directions right to the place. The parking lot was shared with a small motel, and she parked next to Leon in a partially lit area. She was a little scared to be in this part of town but was naïve to the real dangers around there.
They got out of their cars and hugged each other. Leon draped an arm around her passively. "Come on," he said.
Thinking they were going into the store, Anh realized with a leery feeling when they went into the hotel office. It was kind of a grungy place. A seedy black man was running the counter.
"We want a room," Leon said.
"You can have the one on the end, that will be $60 for the first eight hours."
Suddenly Anh felt Leon's hand up her skirt and gripping her ass. "Go ahead and cover that for me babe."
She couldn't escape his grip, and couldn't think of a way out. With reluctance, she paid, and the man gave a dirty set of keys to them.
Leon took the keys.
"I am going home."
This led to a smack across the face. Leon still gripping her ass with the other hand said, "We need to talk. That is why we are here."
He unlocked the door and they walked in. He shut and locked the door behind them. There was a dim light, and a single bed. There was a small couch with cushions. He took a coke from his pants pocket, and a pint of rum. In the kitchenette he found a glass and mixed her a rum and coke. Handing it to her he said, "Here, I need you to calm down. Drink this. It will calm your nerves."
Anh was beginning to realize that Leon had the potential to become mean and dangerous. She chastised herself. How could she be so naïve?
"Drink it down," he said.
As fast as she could, she drank it down wanting to free her hands, just in case.
"That's better," he said. "I didn't get all the pictures I wanted the other day, and you need to post some more on Kik." Standing next to her he started to unbutton her blouse.
She caught his hand, and said, "No!"
This got her another stinging slap across the face. "Now listen to me bitch, I have been real nice to you, and you need to do what I say. Got that?" This is the first time he ever called her a bitch, and it hurt to hear it.
She nodded her head, as tears started to come from her eyes.
"Now let's take those clothes off, but just down to the underwear for a minute." He took each piece of clothing and threw it into a pile on the floor in the corner. "Now stand right there." He took a few pictures of her in her panties. "Pull the panties down in the front and show your pussy." He snapped a few pictures showing her clit hood, pussy cleft, and pubic hair. It looked pretty nice. "Now bend over so I can get a picture from behind. Now lay on the bed with one leg pulled up." This gave a nice shot of her pussy.
"Now stand up here and let me take that bra and panties off."
He finished undressing her and took picture front and back. He had her bend over the bed and spread her cheeks so he could get a good view of her asshole. "Now lay on your back and spread your pussy, I need to get every detail."
"Now we are going to take some erotic pictures. Lay face down on the bed." He raised her ass and shoved a pillow under her to expose her ass hole better. "Here, wear this to help keep you calm." He put a lingerie blind fold on her, sitting on her back to hold her in place. Reaching under her face he placed a cock gag in her mouth. Next he put a BDSM cuff on each wrist and tied her arms out stretched to the bed posts. He bent her knees out a little and tied them down also. This helped arch her back. He then tied down her ankles.
Taking a needle from his carry knapsack, he filled it with a strong drug, and stuck it in her ass cheek. Within seconds her demeanor changed. He set up a video camera.
"Have you ever had anal sex?" He pulled her ass cheeks apart and looked at her asshole.
She shook her head "no."
"Of course I should have known that. You have a virgin asshole. Would you like to have anal sex?"
She shook her head "no."
"I am going to massage you while we talk about this." He took some lube from his pack and started working it into her asshole. Taking his time he worked his finger in with the lube.
She was obviously startled and scared. She wiggled her butt around and clenched on his finger, trying to expel it from her slickened asshole.
"You have some nice asshole moves. Try humping a little that might get rid of my finger."
"She humped his finger with vigor."
"Harder!" He smacked her ass.
She humped and twisted so hard it was making her sweat.
Her pussy was in full view and accessible. "Now babe you want to give me everything don't you?"
Resigned, she nodded her head, "Yes."
"You have heard of people taking it up the ass before haven't you?"
She nodded her head, "Yes."
"Now the opening is only about ¾ of an inch long, and it doesn't have it's own lube, then since I lubed it for you, it shouldn't hurt, right?"
She nodded her head, "Yes."
"A dick is not any bigger than a shit turd, so once a person gets used to it, you could take several dicks couldn't you."
She was drunk and stoned, and was now so woozy she reluctantly agreed.
"Now I am going to show you how easy it is, and if you don't like it, just tell me, ok?"
She nodded, "Yes."
But of course she was gagged, and couldn't say anything.
Now he took his clothes off while she laid still and listened. Moving over her back he cupped her breasts from behind, pinched, and rubbed her nipples. He fondled her boobs, and then moved back. He fingered her pussy and found it was getting wet. He stuck his cock in her pussy a little at a time with small moves until he could pump easily as her pussy got wetter.
He spanked her ass and then squatted in front of her face. He pulled her head up by the hair, pulled the cock gag out and replaced it with his own dick. "Now lick it, tease the head, twirl your tongue, and suck it. Taste your pussy juice. I want to see the suction pull your cheeks in and your lips out when I pull my cock outward." This pleased him for a few minutes and then he replaced the cock gag.
Moving behind her again, he took a small whip from his pack, and whipped her pretty ass good. "Do everything I say tonight or you will get this very hard." After a few strong strokes he could hear her squeak a scream from the gag.
Putting the whip up, he moved behind her and laid his cock in her ass crack noting it was longer than her entire crack, and the width of his cock was about a third the length of her crack. He nuzzled his cockhead on her asshole and started moving it around teasing her. She squirmed, but had no where to go. When he started pushing it into her she stiffened, but finally relaxed in reluctant resignation. Gently and slowly he worked his cock into her, admiring her nice ass, and sometime flipping her firm cheeks to watch them bounce back and compose. This was her first time anal, and he broke her in gently.
He gave her instructions on how to move her ass as he began to stroke his cock in and out. Her asshole was conforming well, and adapting. Once in a while he slowed down to help her asshole relax and adjust. He loved to spank her ass and watch it jiggle with a firmness. He reached under and cupped her pussy while fucking her ass, and then cupped her boobs. He ran his hands up and down her back and sides, and reaching under ran his hands up and down her stomach down into her pubic hair, and down to her pussy holding it and cupping it, feeling the firmness of her fit pussy.
Leon had taken some pills and had a lasting hard on but after about an hour he finally came into her asshole, pulling out and getting amazing pictures of her gaping asshole. "You want some more don't you?"
"Yes," she weakly nodded. Whatever drugs he had given her had now made her horny.
He took a pair of radio headphones from his back pack and placed them over her ears with volume turned up. He put a towel around his waist and opened the door looking out into the parking lot. The dim street lamps exposed her naked body sprawled out on the bed for anyone in public that might pass by the door. Leon motioned to a parked car.
The person got out and came to the door greeting Leon with $100. Coming inside, Leon took a chair on the side while the black newcomer stripped off his clothes. Putting on a rubber, he took some lube from Leon squirted some on his cock and squirted some in to her partially closed asshole. Soon he was pumping like crazy. Her Asian body turned him on so much he didn't last long, and came in her ass. Leon took a portion of the money and set it with her clothes pile.
Soon a few more cars came into the parking lot, most having high school bumper stickers. They had seen the Kik pictures Leon had told them about, and now wanted to see the nude body of Anh.
It could have been a dozen, or it could have been many more. Thank goodness Leon had plenty of lube for her, and some spare rubbers.
At the end of the night he stuffed her pile of money in her purse. He found one of the students to help put her clothes on, and the student drove her car following him to her place. They locked her car, took her inside and undressed her down to her panties and laid her in bed, covering her up to sleep. Leon made sure she had all her belongings, and locked the door behind them.
She woke up the next morning in a little bit of a daze. She couldn't remember most of the night. She fixed some breakfast she thought she could hold down. She found her purse in a different place, but everything was in it, and there was a lot of money. She wondered where the money came from. Really needing to clean up, she took a bath and soaked. Toward the late afternoon, she felt some pangs. Not recognizing the symptoms, she was in withdrawals for the drugs. Not really wanting to talk with Leon, she came to the realization that he would have the drugs that would make her feel better. She knew little about his drug habits, but suspected he would know how to make her feel better.
Anh called Leon. "I need some more of that stuff you gave me that made me feel so good."
Leon said, "Come on over to the park."
Soon she was driving up, but did not have on her sexy clothing, just dressed demurely, with loose shorts and a tee shirt to look inconspicuous.
They walked down a path and to a picnic table.
He sat on the bench and motioned her to stand in front of him. He pulled her shorts down, felt and looked at her panty covered pussy before pulling her panties down to her knees. "Now lay over my lap." He fondled and played with her ass for a minute, and pushed her tee shirt up and over her head and down her arms. She was not wearing a bra so he fondled her boobs, cupping them from behind, and massaging them. He ran his hand to the base of her neck and gently rubbed the fine hairs of her neckline, and rubbing up behind her ears. He traced his hand down her spine to her ass crack and down to her asshole, and felt of her pussy very thoroughly teasing every crevice, and every part. He toyed her pussy lips and her clit.
Then he spanked her ass, and said, "Be still. You might feel a sting." Taking his syringe out he gave her a good dose of meth. "Do you like anal?"
Startled, she said, "I don't know."
She stayed across his lap, and he reached for her cell phone and looked through her pictures. He saw a picture of teachers assistant, a married white woman, and she looked good. He saw a picture of her brother, small for his age, effeminate, and lovely smooth body. Immediately he started coming up with some new ideas.
Picking her up, Leon laid Anh face down on the picnic table, and took a picture of his cock all the way in her pussy, then half way pulled out with her pussy skin clinging on his cock. Turning her over, he took a picture of her gaping pussy, open pee hole, and her clit and lips, then with his cock almost all the way in her pussy. He pulled it out and let her pussy lips fold over his cock head, and took a picture. Sitting her up, he took pictures of his cock in her mouth with her lipping his cockhead, sucking on it, swirling her tongue on it, and licking it. He pushed her head down while pulling up on her breast letting her suck her nipple and his cock head at the same time.
Not quite done, he turned her over face down on the table, lubed her asshole from a tube in his pocket, and took pictures of his cock pushing in and pulling out of her asshole, and finally a picture of her gaping ass. These would all be good pictures for his website.
He let her gather her clothes but made her walk naked back with him.
"Anh tell me about your teachers assistant. I saw the picture in your cell phone." She started getting dressed, unraveling her panties and pulling them up. She was still very high. Standing in front of Leon, she let him feel of her pussy again, before pulling up her shorts, and putting on her tee shirt.
Anh told him she was a happily married woman and was into fitness.
"For your next treat, I want you to invite her to a private get together with you and me. Just tell her that you have a boyfriend you would like her to meet, and that it will be informal."
Anh was learning to be disciplined. She texted Julie and asked her if she was free the following evening. With a little change of plans Julie said she could meet them. She felt it was sweet of Anh and it gave her a warm feeling of friendship.
They met at the small old fashioned diner with high backed chairs, and thick wooden table tops. The booths had lovers privacy doors. Leon was generous and friendly but Julie was taken aback that Leon was black. They sat in a half circle booth with one woman on either side of Leon. He selected the first round of drinks, and tipped the waiter enough for special pills like Viagra for women. After a while Julie warmed up to Leon's company. Leon bathed her with compliments, and put his arms around the waist of both women.
While laughing together with sexual innuendos, Leon rubbed his hand a little up and down Julie's side and felt the band of her panties beneath her dress. He remarked at how nice Anh's panties looked as her short skirt had ridden up.
Julie blushed.
Leon said, "Hey let us see what you are wearing underneath. How about it? Oh come on we are all adults."
Julie not used to alcohol, especially a strong drink, was already getting tipsy and was getting horny as well. "Well ok, maybe just a little glance." She pulled up her hem, and Leon and Anh both gazed at her nice pussy covered with sexy lacey panties. They could see her pubic hair through the sexy mesh design.
Anh said, "You look so gorgeous."
Unexpectedly Leon pulled the hem of her dress higher exposing more of her form up to her belly and the sides of her panties on her hips. "Very beautiful!"
Julie squeaked and pushed her dress back down, raising up a little to straighten it out and enough for Leon to lift her dress from behind so when she sat down she was sitting on her panties, and Leon's arm was up the back of her dress.
As they talked and joked, Leon rubbed his hand up and down as before but now it was on her bare skin. Julie was to embarrassed to check on the feeling. She was starting to get horny as she felt his hand on her skin. Soon his hand was toying with the band of her panties, and soon he was rubbing her ass skin, and down her ass crack beneath her panties.
Leon bought another round and tipped the waiter for stronger drinks. Finally Leon suggested that maybe Julie needed to lay down for a few minutes. They got up to leave and guided Julie out the side door. There was a motel next door, and they walked right into the office and Anh paid for a room.
They walked into the room, and Leon closed the door. He only turned on one lamp, and then turned on a TV playing a dirty movie. Anh helped Julie into the bathroom to pee without closing the door. Leon walked in and said, "Here we don't want you to mess up that pretty dress, let's take it off."
He was already undoing the zipper on her dress and pulled it up and over her head while she was still peeing. With a smooth motion he pushed her head forward a little while he unfastened her bra, and when she sat back up, he pulled the bra off.
Julie said, "What the ..."
"We are all adults, so don't worry. We have all seen boobs before." Leon kept a calm voice.
Anh took the clothing and laid it over a small chair.
Julie tried to cover up her boobs.
They went back into the front area. They pampered Julie with compliments, and Anh gave her a hug while Leon reached down and cupped her pussy, feeling the curves and the firmness, letting a finger trace her clit.
While Anh hugged Julie again tightly, Leon stuck a needle in Julie's ass and plunged meth into her. Stepping behind Anh, Leon put another dose in Anh's ass. Now they were both getting high on meth, and womens sex drugs.
Leon whispered in Anh's ear, "lick her neck and boobs, and then down to her clit taking off her panties. Then lay her back on the bed and eat her out."
He moved around to Julie's ear and started licking it, inside and out, and down to the small of her neck.
Julie had never had strong drinks and did not have any resistance to it. Now she was very horny, and high on meth. She didn't know what had taken over her, and was uninhibited.
Leon watched as Anh ate Julie's pussy and Julie writhe on her tonguing. Julie's pussy cream came out in rivulets and dripped down over her butthole. Anh eagerly licked it off her butthole, and went back to the pussy. She was getting a steady flow of pussy cum, and it was so sweet as to be addicting. Leon took pictures of the pussy cum flowing out.
Julie clinched, grimaced, and arched her back, humping and rolling her mound up and down to get the most pleasure from Anh's tongue. Anh licked her clit and sucked her pussy lips, licking up and down her split. Finally Julie climaxed with a huge flow of pussy cum that actually squirted into her mouth. This was the first time Anh had ever eaten pussy and was amazed at how sweet pussy juice was, and how tender the pussy lips were in her mouth.
Anh crawled over the top of Julie and sat her pussy right down on her mouth. This was Anh's first time lesbian. Anh had gotten so hot that by the time she felt Julie's tongue in her slot, she started cumming. Julie slurped it up and made pleasurable sounds, "Hmmph, good, love it, more." Anh made sure Julie got the full range of pleasure licking from rimming her asshole to sucking her clit. Julie kissed and licked Anh's ass cheeks, and ass crack. Leon took pictures of Julie licking out Anh's pussy juices. This was Julie's first time lez experience, and wondered why no one ever told her how good it was.
While Anh was sitting on her face, Leon crawled up and slipped his cock in her pussy. This was some fine white pussy. Julie was grunting in pleasure as the black man pumped her pussy. She could feel his balls slamming against her cheeks. He took pictures of his cock in her pussy.
Leon came around to Julies face, and Anh moved back just a little so he could plug her mouth with his cock, while his balls slapped her cheeks and eye lids. Anh took the camera and took pictures of his cock in her mouth. This was her first time to suck cock, she had never even sucked her husbands cock, much less a black cock. Leon let one jet of cum shoot into her mouth and managed to hold the rest back while he watched her swallow. This was her first time swallowing cum. Her eyes opened wide when she realized she had her first time cum swallow, and it was from a black man.
He had Anh turn Julie over while she positioned to have Julie eat her pussy some more. Leon took out some lube and started massaging it into Julie's asshole. Soon his finger was all the way in and he took the time to massage the lube in and stretch it. He took a picture of his finger in her ass, and a picture of his finger in her pussy. Then he pushed his cock head onto her asshole, and took a picture of it pressing against her. Finally he took a picture of the cock head starting to slide in, and one with the cock head in, and finally of his shaft half way in, and finally with his cock all the way in to the pubic hairs.
Leon started stroking his cock in and out slowly at first, then faster and faster, until his belly was spanking her ass. He slapped and spanked her ass. Anh came around and took some video, marveling at the anal sex and the white ass. It dawned on Anh they were having interracial sex, and it was so much fun.
"Come here," Leon said to Anh.
Obediently she came there. "Lay over the top of Julie's back with your pussy on her crack." Leon took some more lube and lavished it into Anh's asshole. He put more into Julies. Pulling his cock out of Julie's asshole, he lined up and put it in Anh's asshole. His hard on was lasting a long time due to the drugs. He pulled out of Anh's ass hole and plunged into Julie's again, and back and forth a couple times. He loved the look of both gaping assholes. Then he plunged into Julie's pussy, then Anh's and back and forth. Finally he plunged his cock into Anh's asshole one more time before going back into Julie's and cumming deep into her rectum and colon.
They were most of the night before cleaning up Julie and sending her home late. They gave her some excuses and alibis so her husband would not be suspicious.
A couple days later Julie was shivering and nauseated. She called Anh and asked what to do. Anh referred her to Leon.
Leon met her at a stadium parking area. She got in the car with him and Leon drove them to a park. "Why aren't you wearing a short skirt? Don't you want to show me what you got?"
Julie was in the car with a black man and suddenly she felt very intimidated. She felt him grab her by the nape of the neck while he was driving.
"What you need is some discipline. Isn't that right bitch?"
Julie started to cry. She was scared and had no idea what this black man was going to do to her.
"Answer me!"
Meekly she answered, "Yes." She sniffled.
"Pull your pants down so I know you are serious. You still want some stuff don't you?"
"Yes."
They pulled into a park and stopped in a discreet location not visible from the street. "Now get out and come with me."
They got out, and using a flashlight they walked down a path. "Now first there is a matter of discipline, and I want to make sure you don't run away. So take off your clothes, right now."
"Here?"
"Yes, now. Take them all off." He raised his hand like he was going to slap the snot out of her. She gave each piece of clothing to him as he handed his hand out for them. When she was totally nude, he threw them on the ground near a fallen tree.
He laid her naked body over the fallen tree and hand cuffed her hands around a small tree trunk. He lifted her legs over a couple branches that had stuck into the ground. This position spread her legs and arched her back. He cuffed her legs in place. He took the flashlight and looked at her ass crack up and down, and her pussy.
Taking his syringe out, he gave her a much needed dose of meth. She hardly flinched. Then he spanked her ass. "You will do everything I say, right?"
"Yes."
"Do you like anal?"
"Yes."
"I am going to fuck you good, and then leave you here. You need to say you love me over and over, that you will do anything for me, and you will suck my cock and balls, and lick my ass anytime."
He came around to the front of her and put his dick in her mouth to test her. Turning around, he let her lick his ass.
Coming back around he pushed his cock in her pussy. It was already wet. He spanked her butt, and fucked her good, his balls slamming against her mound and clit. Taking out some lube, he then fucked her ass again. Her asshole was more accommodating, and she seemed to enjoy it. He played with her ass, rubbed her back and sides, and cupped her boobs from behind. About ready to cum, he took his cock out of her ass, and plunged it into her pussy, exploding volumes of cum. He took pictures of his handiwork with a flash camera.
"Keep repeating what I told you word for word until I come back."
Leaving her completely naked tied down in the darkness of the woods, he walked back down the trail. While he was gone, she obediently kept repeating the words he told her. Soon the unexpected happened. She couldn't turn to see, but she heard a couple dogs coming through the woods. She gasped.
After what may have been several hours, he came back up the trail. He listened if she was still repeating the words he told her. If she wasn't she would be in big trouble with him.
As it turned out, she was still repeating. He used his flashlight to unfasten her bonds, and noticed some dog tracks. They looked fresh. No matter, this was the woods after all.
She grabbed her clothes, but he made her carry them while she walked naked back to the car with him. He let her put on her clothes by the car, and finally get in.
She seemed satisfied that she got the drugs, and her demeanor was more obedient. For a white woman this was not bad. He took her back to her car, and promised she did good, and she had learned her discipline very well.
Getting home the first thing Julie wanted to do was to take a bath, soak, and get clean.
Her husband had a secret fetish. He snuck into the room and grabbed her panties. It looked like they had a paw print. At first he thought it was a new design. He loved to sniff and lick her panties, and was sometime rewarded with her pussy juice. The other night he had been rewarded with a thick creamy left over that she must have had a secret orgasm in her panties while at work. He sniffed, and licked them clean sucking the material until he had gotten every last drop, then threw them in the dirty laundry. He was lucky to have such a hot wife. He rarely had the opportunity to eat her out, and relished sucking her panty crotch. This time he could swear there was a hint of taste similar to dog food. "Must be the sweat from the sports field," he thought. He also liked the smell and taste of her sweat.
In the near future with all his pictures, he planned on blackmail and extortion.
Leon was already working on his other idea about Anh's brother, Hai.
Suddenly he thought of something. He emailed Hai privately. "Hey I saw your ad on that dating site. I can tell you how to improve your success rate."
Not knowing who Leon was, Hai emailed back. "How did you know I used Kik?"
Leon knew he struck gold. "I thought it was, but really you should try Craig's List and some other sites I can tell you about. But you need a new approach. Hey, I live near you, why don't we stop and have a drink, and I will tell you more?"
Amazingly Hai agreed to meet.
Leon said, "Let me pick you up and we will go in my car."
"Ok." Hai was excited to have a new friend, like he was getting somewhere in life, making new friends.
Leon picked up Hai, and they drove to the small bar he knew of, next to the run down motel. As they drove through a rough area Leon said, "Look man I have tinted windows, so no one can tell anything but there are two people in this car. I need you to slide over next to me like we are on a date, nothing personal. That's it. Now put your hand on my leg."
Hai was shocked, and had never been in a rough part of town. He didn't know why it was urgent that they look like they are dating. Tentatively he placed his hand on the side of Leon's leg. It was the first time he ever placed a hand on another man's leg.
Leon grabbed his hand and moved it to his cock, which was getting hard. "Just keep it there. No one can tell what you are doing and it looks like we are on a date. Now squeeze it a little bit, up and down the shaft."
Hai was in shock that he had his hand on another man's cock for the first time. He was stroking it, so it was the first time he had jacked off, or gave a hand job to another man's cock. Hai couldn't just get out of a moving car, so he played along until he could get his head straight.
They arrived at the little bar, and took a seat in the back corner. Leon bought a round of drinks, tipping the waiter heavily. The drinks came back strong, and Hai had a drink spiked with Viagra. He drank the whole glass down while Leon watched with satisfaction. The booth they sat at was dark, and Leon made small talk about dating ads, but took Hai's hand and placed it on his cock again. Hai didn't know how to react to this public scenario. Leon reached over to check, and sure enough Hai's cock was getting hard. Hai did not move.
After another round of drinks, Leon said, "Let's go next door and we can talk more about dating over drinks, and movies."
Hai finished his drink hoping his cock would go down before he had to stand up, but that didn't work. Embarrassed, he stood up with Leon and they went next door which turned out to be a motel. They checked in with a seedy old man. Leon paid, and got the key. Leon had been carrying his knapsack, and they went to the room. Closing the door and locking it, Leon turned on the TV and dirty movies started playing.
The movies had sexy young men sucking each other off, and having anal sex.
Motioning to the TV, Leon asked, "Do you like anal?"
"Yeah I guess so," replied Hai.
Leon had brought some strong whiskey and poured some drinks. He gave one to Hai who was already glued to the action on the TV screen. "Hai, I have something I want you to try. Here, just lean over that arm chair just a little and loosen you pants."
Hai still watching the movies intently loosened his pants and bent over a little.
Leon, took his syringe, and pulling Hai's pants down further by sticking his hand down the ass crack, he stuck the needle in his butt. "Hold still for a minute so the sting will go away."
Not knowing why, Hai trusted Leon and remained still.
Keeping a hand down Hai's ass crack he started pushing the pants, and underwear further down. Soon he was feeling and squeezing Hai's ass cheeks. "Let me see the rest of that ass." Leon pulled the underwear the rest of the way down his ass. "Why didn't you tell me you had such a nice ass, I could have been working on an ad for you. Keep holding that position."
Leon grabbed his camera out of the bag, and took some pictures of Hai's ass. "Nice," he said. "Now reach back and spread your cheeks. With a couple pictures we can make some great ads for you." He took a few pictures of Hai's tight virgin asshole.
Hai didn't really understand the implications, and was getting drunk and horny.
"You really don't know how to do this do you?" Leon squatted down in front of Hai, and pulled his pants down to below the knees and the underwear to just above the knees. "Now stand right there while I take a picture of your hard on. This will get you lots of responses." Leon reached down and cupped his balls, pulling his hand upward on Hai's crotch to stimulate the prostate externally, and then he squeezed the cock to make a drop of precum appear. "That's what we need, and let's take a picture of that. It will make people's mouth water."
Leon made another round of drinks, and made Hai drink his down while he was standing there with his underwear pulled down.
"Now let's get rid of that drip." Leon squatting in front of Hai, licked the precum drop, and gave the head a suck and tongue bath but suddenly stopped.
"Now you do mine," he pressed Hai down, and put his cock in Hai's face and soon his tongue came out and gingerly licked the top of Leon's cock. It was his first time licking cock, tasting precum, and soon would be his first time sucking cock and swallowing cum.
Half undressed, he sucked Leon's cock while Leon held his head. "Suck my balls too." Obediently for his new friend, Hai sucked balls. Pushing his cock all the way into Hai's mouth Leon felt his cock get harder, and Hai felt the throbbing in his mouth, and then the gush of cum in the back of his mouth. He relished the feel of cum in his mouth and the taste. This was Hai's first time blow job, and it was memorable. He kept the taste of cum in his mouth.
This was one of the fastest times Leon had cum.
"Let's take your clothes the rest of the way off." Soon Hai was standing there stripped naked, and Leon took some more pictures. "We are going to post these pictures and you will get lots of dates." Leon didn't say whether they would be men or women.
Taking his bag, Leon produced some sissy clothing, some with frills, some with lace. He took out some white hose with lace. "Here let's put these on," and he helped Hai put on some bikini panties with lace, and discovered they had an open cock sleeve in the front. They also had an access hole in the back surrounded by lace and frills. "Now let's put this on." Leon took out a lingerie bra and put it on Hai.
Leon informed him, "This is what is called cross dressing because you are a man but trying on girls clothes because it feels good, and gets you dates. Sometimes people that do this are called twinks, or smooth twinks. You can say you are bisexual."
"Now turn around for me slowly. Oh, you are a sexy cross dresser. Let me feel how soft this feels on you." Leon felt Hai's entire crotch. "You look cute in those leggings. There will be so many college coeds who will want you." He didn't say whether they would be men or women. "You must be the cutest crossdresser there ever was. Did you know you would make such a good cross dresser?"
"Now I am going to train you how to be submissive and a sensitive licker. Let's take your clothes back off so they don't get dirty. Now go into my bag and get a bottle of lube. Set it right there for me, and get on your knees." Leon turned around and dropped his drawers. "Now lick my ass, every bit of it. Lick and rim the asshole too." He bent over a little to give Hai access. "Now I want you to lean over the bed face down."
Leon took the lube and thoroughly lubed Hai's tight little asshole. "This is going to feel so good."
Pushing his weight all on the head of his cock at the entrance of Hai's asshole it slid in slowly at first and then the whole shaft sank in bareback, while Hai's asshole convulsed and his ass cheeks quivered. Leon played with the ass cheeks for a bit and then spanked him good. "Smack, smack," went the sound.
Now we are going to get dressed again. Leon wiped Hai's ass clean with a wash cloth, and helped him get dressed. He dressed Hai in a short skirt, and thin short blouse with cleavage. "Suck my cock some more because dick breath will get you more dates."
Leon gave Hai another shot before they left and went back to the bar.
Anh's Uncle made a living in IT and discovered texts, showing Leon's devious behaviors. He couldn't let Anh lose her job, or her teacher's assistant. He didn't want Hai or any one to become addicted. He devised a plan using traceable particles and bank tracking software. Soon Leon's drug selling and other criminal activities were caught, but only the ones that would only get him. Soon he went to jail. As he is sentenced to jail, the bailiff whispered in his ear, "Do you like anal?"
***
To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!
***