Excited energy propelled me back up the steep hill, along the narrow path through the forest, as I reveled in my good fortune. My wildest voyeuristic fantasies were nothing compared to the dreamlike reality of this steamy summer morning. Back to the main trail, I hiked for a couple hours more, occasionally grinning to myself as I recalled the events at the bottom of the hill.
Lunch time approached, and I decided to hike back to my car and head into town. Drenched in sweat from the days' activities, I thought it best to go to my motel room for a quick shower before grabbing a bite to eat.
I started the shower, adjusting it to a nice, comfortable, lukewarm rain. Stepping in, the water over my head, and hitting my chest, felt cooler than it did to my hand when I started it up. It was a little bit of a shock, and raised goose bumps all over, but quickly became much needed refreshment as my body adjusted to the temperature. Bowing my head under the stream, the sight of water pouring down my own body took my mind back to what I witnessed earlier in the day.
I closed my eyes and pictured the svelte little blonde under the stream of her garden hose. Droplets in the sunlight shimmered over her body. It was like a daydream sequence from a movie, only it happened right before my eyes. My cock responded to the images my memory provided.
I reached for the little bar of motel soap, and pulled it from its paper wrapping. Still picturing her rinsing herself off under the hose, I began to wash my upper body. I soaped up my chest, and let the suds run down my stomach, following the bubbles with my hands, and added soap to the hair above my semi-hard cock. I lathered up as it grew to full erection and thought of the water pouring over her breasts, dripping from her hardened nipples, as my right hand slid to the base of my cock, and gripped it tightly. Stroking its length, I spread soap over the swollen head and squeezed tighter. I dropped the bar of soap, freeing my left hand to support me against the shower wall, and I began to relive the entire experience. Thoughts of her lying on the towel, fingers working over her pussy, filled my minds' eye as I furiously pumped. Orgasm approached quickly, and my knees nearly buckled, as several shots of cum hit the shower wall in front of me. A few slow strokes milked the last drops from my hyper-sensitive cock, and I finished washing up, and rinsed my mess from the shower wall as my hard-on subsided.
Food quickly became top priority as I dressed and walked over to the adjacent restaurant for the second meal there in is as many days. Walking past the tourism brochures again, I smiled at the thought that my adventure started as a result of one of those pamphlets. The place wasn't busy at all; only one table had customers, and the stools at the counter were empty. Along the outside wall was a row of empty booths, which is where I chose my seat. The lone waitress, an older brunette, with a gray mid-length skirt and white button up blouse approached.
"We don't have any lunch specials," she said, "but we serve everything on the menu all day, even breakfast." She laid a menu on the table in front of me, along with some silverware and a napkin. "What can I get you to drink, Hun?"
"I'd just like water," I said, with an appreciative smile, and glanced toward the table nearest me, occupied by a couple who had already received their food.
My heart skipped a beat, and I gasped at the realization that my dream girl from the morning hike was sitting there, with a man whom I presumed was her husband. He had his back to me, and she faced me, although at a little bit of an angle because my booth was left of their table. From what I could tell of him, he was a big guy. Thinning hair on top, and well tanned, as if he worked a lot outdoors. A glance at her ring finger confirmed her attachment.
I hadn't even realized the waitress left me, before she came back with a big glass of ice water.
"There ya go, Hun," she said as she dropped it off and headed back toward the kitchen.
I looked back to the table and carefully considered if I could be mistaken; that this might not be the exhibitionist who performed so beautifully for me that morning. Her mid-length blonde hair certainly looked the same, and she was quite pretty, although I could see her face much better in the restaurant than I could from the woods. She wore a white sundress, with light flowery patterns. Thin shoulder straps held up the loose fitting top of the dress, covering a generous pair of firm breasts, but still allowed a modest view of cleavage. If she wore a bra, it was strapless, as the straps of the dress would have done nothing to hide it otherwise. As she sat in the dining room, legs crossed, the hem of her dress rested at about mid-thigh. What convinced me it was really her was the unmistakable pink tint to her skin. Her face, shoulders, arms, upper chest, and legs all had that slightly sun burnt look. She also wore open toed sandals, with her red painted toe nails on display.
My eyes must have lingered on her too long. Looking to her face again, we made eye contact. She was looking back at me with a cute little smirk. I glanced quickly to her lunch date, who paid no attention as he attacked his plate. Her eyes darted downward, toward her lap, and back to my eyes, a signal to look down. When my gaze reached her thighs, where the hem of her dress rested, she uncrossed her legs. As her upper leg lifted from its rest, more bare thigh came into view. She turned slightly in her chair toward me as her foot reached the floor, which left her thighs slightly parted.
"Okay, sorry to take so long, have you decided what you want?" I was snapped out of my trance by the waitress, who stepped into my line of sight, interrupting my upskirt opportunity.
"Oh, uuuuh," I stammered, having not even looked at the menu. "Cheese burger with everything, and fries, thanks," I told her hurriedly.
She said, "Alrighty then, it'll only take a few minutes." She picked up my menu, and once again walked back to the kitchen.
The second the waitress turned her back to me, my eyes shot back to the show. The blonde was taking a bite from her plate, but glancing my way. When she saw that she had my attention once more, she turned just a slight bit more in my direction, but kept one foot firmly planted to the floor. Her legs parted another inch or so, and I could see nearly all of her creamy inner thigh.
My excitement began to build in anticipation, because it was clear that she was intentionally showing off for me for the second time that day. I didn't know how far she would dare take it in such a public place, but I felt among the luckiest guys in the world to have this happening to me at all.
She took another bite, and checking to be sure her man was still oblivious, she let her other hand drop to her lap. I was briefly disappointed that the weight of her arm pushed the loose fabric down, reducing the amount of exposed flesh. But she more than made up for it by reaching for the hem, and carefully pulled it higher on her thighs. Just enough light spilled in to make it clear that she was panty free. I could see most of her clean shaven mound, and could also just barely make out the crease at the very top of her slit. She continued to eat with one hand, occasionally looking up and making small talk her husband, while the other hand rested on her bared thigh.
I drank in the sight. Although much tamer, it was a reminder of the full display I enjoyed hours before, and somehow seemed even more tantalizing. The tease was just as much a turn-on for me, and for the third time, her beauty, and excitement of the erotic situation started a throbbing in my cock.
Her legs clamped shut when the waitress stopped by their table with drink refills, but her hand remained. When the coast was clear again, she slowly let her legs part, even further than before. More of her pussy came into view, and just a hint of inner lip peeked out from the center. She slowly moved her fingertips along her inner thigh, inching closer to her exposed sex. I was still the only one aware of her actions, as she lightly traced her index finger up and down her outer lip. Gradually applying more pressure, the left side of her pussy began to open.
Her index finger moved across her smooth pussy to the other side. With her ring finger, and her index, she spread her pussy open. This left the middle finger free to slip between the folds of her inner lips, and draw moisture up her slit, to her hardened clit. She made a few gentle circles over the bud, and more visible moisture gathered at the bottom of her pink opening.
I felt my tongue involuntarily move in my mouth, as if I were licking up the juice and moving up to flick it across her clit. I couldn't believe it. Here I was, in a restaurant, with a raging hard-on, as a gorgeous stranger played with her pussy...FOR ME!
"Here ya go, Sweetie," said the waitress, reaching to set my plate in front of me, and once again, block my view. Everything in place, she asked, "Is there anything else I can getcha?"
"No thank you, I think that'll do," I told her with as much of a smile as I could muster, given my frustration.
"Well, you enjoy, Hun, and let me know if you need anything else," she said with a smile as she turned to go back to the kitchen.
In a flash, I was looking back to my blonde dream girls' table. Disappointment immediately set in as I saw her husband getting up from the table, and her smoothing down her dress, and gathering up the check, and her purse. My heart sank, as she stood from her seat and started toward the counter where the cash register rested at the front of the place. I watched the hem of her dress sway back and forth with the movements of her hips as she walked away. I didn't feel so hungry any more, but I was just beginning to reach for the ketchup, and look away from her, when she glanced back at me and quickly held up one finger, as if to say, "Wait one minute."
Her husband left the building, leaving her to pay the check. At the counter, she paid, and the waitress finished the transaction. While waiting for the waitress to get her change, she pulled a small piece of scrap paper and pen from her purse, and scribbled something. I squirted a dollop of ketchup on my plate, and looked back again, to find the little exhibitionist walking back in my direction. Her quick steps made her breasts bounce and shake teasingly through the thin fabric of her sundress, answering the question of whether she was braless. Hard nipples were clearly pushing against their confines.
I gasped, and smiled openly at her, but she didn't look at me. She moved to her table, and circled to my side of it, laying the tip on the table top. A quick glance to be sure nobody was looking, and she took the few steps needed to reach out and, with a red cheeked, mischievous little grin, dropped the paper on my table. I had barely glanced down and picked up the paper and she was nearly to the door. My heart raced as I watched her slip through the doorway, and looked down at the note in my hand.