The following day Terry complained devilishly about her sore overworked pussy, as she did she casually rubbed herself and let out a low moan. Hmmm I think you have unleashed a tiger honey, as she ran her wet finger across Peter's lips. I never thought it would be this good! To think everyone knows me as a prim and proper angel hmmm she signed thinking of the previous night.
Peter rubbing her back gently sang into her ear "my wifey loves to be ganged banged, my wifey loves to be gang banged"
Terry stopped him saying "I wasn't gang banged I only fucked the two of you. Hmm gang bang. Maybe later"
Peter change the lyrics to "my wifey loves a threesome, my wifey loves a threesome" Peter asked her" hmm so do you want to experience a repeat visit? Terry sighed And innocently said" I dun no" with a grin. Peter teased he some more trying to get her to beg for a repetition of the previous night with Jay. Finally Terry barely able to control herself begging said "yes I want to fuck you guys I want to feel both your cocks in me over and over" With that vote of confidence Peter picked up the phone and called Jay.
Jay was just heading out from work when he caught the phone, Hi Pete what's up, Hopefully we both are jay if you're interested in round two. Hmm Jay thought of the previous night. I'm sorry man I have tickets to the races tonight with Bob and I cant stiff him for them. No problem Jay When are the races over, Hmm Jay thought, should be done by 1030, Great come Over after the races and the adventure will continue. Great! Ill Be there, Jay stated see you then.
That evening after the kids were asleep Terry and Pete Viewed swinger sites looking for another venue for another adventure. Terry wore her gray zippered Bra top with hip hugging jean cutoffs, her black Lycra thong was very visible riding exotically on her hips, and her petite frame accentuated her clothes, radiating sexual energy.
After a couple hours cursing the sites, Terry said disappointedly " Gee now that shatters me, I've been stood up. Stood up by the Piston Man. I'M going to bed" Pete Caressed her breast and told her " No Jay wouldn't do that, he probably got caught in traffic." Just then the phone rang Jay was on the line "Hi, Its 11 pm am I too Late? No not at all Jay Come on over. O.K Pete I'll be there in ten.
Jay arrived in record time, after entering and getting himself a beer Jay asked, "So What's up?" Quickly Terry said hopefully both of you in a few minutes, Since arriving her shorts got lower on her hips and she sat in the bar chair with a sensual arch of her back staring at the two men. Pete walked behind her cupping her breast and Jay Moved in undoing the buttons of her jean shorts until they fell to the floor and Terry stepped from them. Pete pealed her bra top off leaving her standing in her black thong panties. Pete came around her kissing her on her lips then on her nipples causing them to stand out with a hard edge. Terry moved off sauntering down the hall towards the bedroom accentuating her movement to show off her perfect tanned ass.
Tonight though Pete had a surprise set up for them, upon entering the bedroom Pete pulled out a tripod with a digital camera mounted on it. Terry said, "noo No Pictures as she was always reluctant to have photos taken of her self, Jay Said ohh yeah snap away pal. Terry went to her knees taking Jay's erection into her mouth as Peter Snapped several Photos, Peter Set the timer on auto and joined into the fun with Terry sucking Peter while stroking Jay and then alternating between the two. Peter moved to the floor where Terry straddled him with her clean-shaven pussy, she continued to suck and lick Jay as Peter ate her to a thundering climax. Jay felt Terry holing his penis like a railing as she lost control during her orgasm.
Terry climbed quickly onto the bed and Jay Mounted her from behind, Peter continued to take Pictures. Jay fucked her with his piston determination bring her to another startle ling climax. Jay feeling her orgasm pulled out as her subsided and did his classic porn cum shot on Terry's Dragon Tattooed ass. Peter handed of the camera and mounted Terry Missionary style, with her legs wrapped over his shoulders, screaming for him to make her choke. Terry quickly climaxed pulling Peter into her until he filled her with jets of his cum.
Jay yelled, "Wow those were good shots" as he stoked himself and moved in to mount Terry again. Pete turned the timer back on and moved so that Terry could suck Him as she fucked Jay. Jay again brought the two to orgasm cumming on her flat six packed abs. Terry begged,"c' mon Guys your not worn out", As she said this Pete Mounted her again And the night continued until 3 am when each of them had cum four times.
Jay Terry and Pete lay in the bed enjoying the after glow of the encounter, thinking, for the next time. They decided that they were going to take their boat across the lake to the Nude beach in Toronto and that they would Fuck Terry all the way there and back, making it a great tanning and fucking day.
To Be Continued...