This story is a work of fiction. This is the third installment of a series. While it is hoped that the story can be read enjoyably on its own, the prior Oceanbreeze Court stories provide background on the characters and context. Any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental and unintended. Please be patient.
*****
Our neighbor Allison just kept getting Kelly and me into things; although, I suppose that we were willing victims. Allison had arranged our opportunity to fuck onstage in front of an audience. She repeatedly told us that it was obvious how much we both enjoyed it. Of course, Allison was right: we had both enjoyed stripping down and fucking in front of an audience immensely. Allison kept her ears open for more opportunities for us to show off.
Because Allison was a fairly successful artist, she had extensive contacts in the arts community in our town, including the performing arts community. Those contacts gave her another opportunity to present to us. Allison wanted us to appear in a new play which was going to premier at the Performing Arts Center downtown. The speaking roles would be played by professional actors. However, the script called for a "chorus" of five men and five women who would appear onstage nude several times to act out things which the lead characters were dreaming. As part of their effort to "differentiate" the show, the producers and director intended to recruit the chorus from non-professionals living in each town in which the play was performed. I gather that Actors Equity had given them a waiver for that. We thought auditioning would be futile since neither Kelly nor I had any onstage experience; save for one performance which Allison had arranged and witnessed.
"You really think that, in this town, they'll find ten people willing to go nude onstage in front of the audiences the Performing Arts Center draws?" Allison asked rhetorically as she tried to talk us into this one Saturday afternoon. "If you say that you're willing to do it, I'd bet money that you'll be in. Besides, I have connections with the people doing the recruiting. You won't have to audition," Allison assured us.
Allison had at least one valid point. Regular attendance at PAC shows was one of the more-or-less mandatory duties of the people who considered themselves important in our city. Whoever appeared in the chorus would be putting it all out there for viewing by the local "upper crust." That would likely deter a lot of people.
Kelly had gone silent. I suspected that the idea of appearing nude in front of most of the local people of power and influence was appealing to her. I waited to see what she would say.
A wicked grin slowly grew on Kelly's beautiful face. "Harry, do you think that Jenny would do it?" Kelly asked.
Jenny was Jenny Masters, my law partner. An incident I described in the previous installment led Jenny to join the nude Friday night cookouts that we and our neighbors held at our end of Oceanbreeze Court. More than a few of those evenings had ended with Jenny in bed with Kelly and me. Jenny seemed to be developing a desire to show off herself.
"I don't know," I replied. "That's a big step from running around nude here. Maybe. I'm pretty sure that she wouldn't be offended to be asked."
Kelly turned to Allison. "Here's our deal: if you get Jenny Masters to try out then Harry and I will too."
Allison laughed. "Deal," she said.
Our phone rang no more than an hour after Allison had left. I correctly anticipated that the call was from Jenny.
"Harry, what is Allison Schultz talking about?" Jenny asked. I explained about the play as Allison had explained it to us and told Jenny the condition which Kelly had placed on our participation.
"Do you think that Allison can really get us into the cast?" Jenny asked.
"I don't know," I replied. "She does know an awful lot of people and she is persuasive."
"So, it's up to me whether you and Kelly do this," Jenny said.
"Well, you'd have a lot of skin in the game too," I punned weakly.
"You and Kelly did your little performance (Jenny was one of the very few of our friends whom we had told about that). Was it fun?" Jenny asked.
"It was a blast," I said. "This won't be as hard core as that was, but you have to consider that some of our partners and employees are very likely to be in the audience. Except for Allison and Kurt, Kelly and I gave our performance in front of strangers."
After a long minute, Jenny said, "Maybe it's time to show my bare ass to the rest of the firm. God knows enough of the guys there undress me with their eyes anyway (Jenny was and is a very attractive woman). You've seen it enough. Do you think that they could handle the real thing?"
"Jenny, you are much more beautiful nude than they have imagined," I replied. "It sounds like you're up for this."
Jenny giggled. "Yeah, I am. As I think about it, I'm getting a bit wet. Tell Kelly that I'm in."
Unknown to me, Kelly had been listening on an extension. "I love you, Jenny," Kelly broke in enthusiastically. "This will be great! All three of us unveiled for the whole town. Maybe I should ask my parents to fly in to see it."
"Hold on Dear," I said. "We're not in yet."
"Oh," Kelly replied, "Allison will get us in once she knows that we want it."
Allison did get us in. Jenny, Kelly, and I went to a meeting, not even an audition, with Ben, the "chorus master" employed by the production. Ben looked us over, clothed, and asked about our backgrounds.
"Well, the three of you certainly fit with what I've been told we are looking for," Ben said. "My concern is that the schedule is pretty tight once we start rehearsal. We're screwed if someone backs out. Do you really want to do this? The moves you'll have to make onstage will, uh, show every part of your bodies."
Kelly replied enthusiastically, "That's exactly what we want." She looked at Jenny.
"Absolutely," Jenny said. "I may never get the chance to show my bare cunt and asshole to a crowded room again."
Ben looked at me. I just shrugged. "I'm with them," I said.
The show would open on the second Wednesday in May. There were four professional actors who would rehearse with the director and writers in New York until just a few days before opening. Ben wanted to start rehearsing us amateurs the last week in April.
Ben had rented an empty warehouse on the north side of town for rehearsal. Because most of the "chorus" had day jobs, rehearsal was for two to three hours each evening. Jenny, Kelly, and I went to the first rehearsal very curious to see who else was in the chorus. I expected pretty marginal people with a lot of tattoos.
Once again, my expectations were way off. The rest of the chorus looked pretty normal. Wendy was representative. She was about 30 and was a junior vice president at one of our big banks. She had done a bit of dance in high school. She had responded to an ad the production had run in the free alternative tabloid that circulated Downtown.
"I guess I'm here because I'm bored," she said. "My life seems so vanilla: 8:00 to 6:30, suck up to the big guys. Prancing around on stage in my birthday suit seems about as different from that as I could get."
Initially, the most interesting people in the chorus were Mike and Trisha. Trisha, just 21, was finishing her junior year studying voice at the University's School of Music. She had heard about the chorus opportunity through some friends at school. Mike was an assistant professor of mathematics at the University. Mike was also Trisha's father.
"Mom was killed in a car accident about a year ago," Trisha explained. "It hit both of us pretty hard, but Dad has seemed pretty listless and disinterested ever since. I felt that I needed to do something extreme to jolt him back to life so I dared him to do this. I also wanted to challenge myself. I've been onstage a lot since elementary school, but never naked. If I can do this, I can do anything."
The only other people with real performance credentials were Arianna and Rob. Arianna was a dance student at the University. Rob, Arianna's boyfriend, was a drama major. The remaining two men were Jeff, a cyber-security consultant who had been and still looked like, a college gymnast; and Guy. Guy was pleasant enough, but kept largely to himself. I can't tell you anything about his background.
Ben spent most of the first rehearsal explaining to us what the chorus was supposed to do in the show and how we'd prepare. There were no speaking roles in the chorus. We would be onstage for extended periods twice in each act. We would be going through movements intended to represent dreams experienced by the primary male and female characters. We would be completely naked all of the time we were onstage.
"The moves will be very revealing," Ben explained. "If that gives anyone a problem, please back out now while I've got a little time to replace you." No one backed out.
Ben also explained that, for the time being, we would rehearse clothed. "I want you to learn the movements and be comfortable with them before we add the element of nudity. Parts of this are going to be athletic, so I suggest that you wear workout clothes to rehearsal."
At the end of the first rehearsal, Ben said, "I'm going to pair you up with someone of the other gender who will be your partner for rehearsals and the performances. I know that some of you are couples or are related. I'm not going to pair couples together. We want a different dynamic. I'm also looking at what bodies I think will look good together onstage."
The result of Ben's analysis was that Kelly was paired with the enigmatic Guy. Jenny was paired with Mike. I was paired with Trisha.
On the drive home, Kelly said. "You certainly came out ok. Trisha is beautiful."
Trisha was very attractive. She was almost my height and what is now called "curvy." She was not fat. However, she had larger breasts, hips, and waist than Kelly. The brown hair that reached a little way down her back framed a slightly wide, but very appealing face. I didn't learn about the blue eyes or the naughty sparkle they could develop until later.
Rehearsals were hard work. I'm not sure what you would call what we were doing. It wasn't dance. While there were sounds that would be played during our scenes, our movements were not choreographed to the sounds. I guess that you'd just call it choreographed movement. It was all interesting, especially when I remembered that we'd be doing the movements for real with no clothes on.
As part of a scene in the first act, I stood with my back to the audience. Trisha stood upstage of me, facing me. I was to lift her up so that her head and chest were above my head. We would hold that position for a count of twenty and then Trisha would slide down my body until she was standing on the stage floor. We were to embrace until the stage went dark ending the scene. We spent a lot of time getting the lift correct.
Our other scene in the first act included a moment when the girls were in a line and their hands and knees all the way downstage, with their asses towards the audience. The guys did cartwheels upstage while the girls raised and lowered their asses.
Our first scene in the second act ended with the guys lying on our backs on the floor with our arms extended up. Our partners were standing at our feet and were to spring towards us, with us catching them in our hands and holding them above us at arm's length. Then, each of us slowly lowered our partner down until she was lying on top of us.
Our second scene in the second act involved a lot of frenetic movement in dim light, but with no one touching anyone else. There was a loud crack sound and all the stage lights blazed on. We were each supposed to embrace the opposite gender chorus member next to us, with hands on each other's asses, and kiss. Ben choreographed this so that each of us was to end in a nude embrace with someone other than our usual partner. For this, I was paired with Wendy.
Practicing all of these moves meant that we got to know each other pretty well, even wearing shorts or yoga pants and tee shirts. We reached an accommodation with Ben to end rehearsals at 8:30 p.m. unless we were really screwing up. There was a quiet neighborhood pub about a mile away. Wendy, Jeff, Mike, Jenny, Kelly, Trisha, and I, and sometimes Arianna and Rob, started going there for a drink or two after rehearsal. As we talked casually over those drinks, I came to the realization that this was a pretty good group of people.
We had not rehearsed the first weekend. As we finished rehearsal on the Friday before the show opened, Ben had an announcement.
"Folks, you are doing really, really well. But, I want you to come in for a rehearsal tomorrow afternoon. This rehearsal will be in the nude. Strip off as soon as you get here. You might as well get used to it. The actors are coming in Sunday night. We get access to the theater Monday. I hope that you all took vacation next week. All rehearsals in the theater will be in the nude. This is what you signed on for folks. Enjoy it."
Arianna and Rob joined us in the pub that night. Professional performers probably would not have spent any time talking about going nude together for the first time the next day. We weren't professionals and, I think, that there was a tacit agreement that it would be more fun if we all built up our anticipation.
Wendy started it right away. Once Jeff and I distributed the first round of drinks around the table, Wendy raised her glass and said, "A toast to seeing all of you naked tomorrow." We drank to that.
Jeff followed with, "And a toast to seeing Wendy naked tomorrow." We drank to that too.
A little later, Jenny asked Mike, "Are you ready for your daughter to see you nude?"
Mike apparently was trying not to think about that. "Um, uh, shit! I don't know," he said.
Trisha piped up, teasingly, "But he's looking forward to seeing my bare ass and tits. He hasn't seen that since I was a baby."
Mike looked a little uncomfortable. Jenny, who was sitting next to him, took his hand.
"What about you? Are you ready for this?" Kelly asked Wendy.
"You know, after the first rehearsal, I had a talk with myself about how stupid this is," Wendy replied. "What happens to my job if the president of the bank recognizes me up there or sees my name in the program. I was all set to back out."
"Why didn't you?" Kelly asked.
"Well, I came to the second rehearsal and, you remember, Ben had us going hard right from the start. There just wasn't an opportunity to say 'I quit.' Besides, it was a good workout and I'm getting paid for it, not very much, but paid. Then, I started coming over here with you guys and we bonded. Is that too psychobabbly?"
"Bullshit,' Jenny interjected, smiling. "You just want to show off your bare cunt to people who are paying to see it."
"Now I do. Damn straight." Wendy said. "I haven't done all this work over the last two weeks to keep my clothes on. Besides, the idea of doing all those moves naked with you guys is a turn on."
Trisha, already on a second drink, said, "Let's be honest. Doing this is a sexual thrill for all of us."
"Trisha," Mike said disapprovingly.
"Jenny," Trisha said, "grab Dad's schwantz. I'm sure that he's got a hard on just from our talk here."
I saw Jenny's hand reach into Mike's lap and a surprised look on Mike's face. "Yup," Jenny said. The conversation went on in that vein for another hour.
When we all decided that it was time to go, Wendy said, "Just a second." She raised her almost empty glass again and said, "To being seen in the nude." We all drank to that.
That first weekend of May was very warm. We all showed up for rehearsal that Saturday afternoon early. Everyone wore tee shirts and shorts, except for Trisha who looked delectable in a yellow and red sundress. No one wore anything under his or her outer clothes. In spite of Ben's instructions, we stood around clothed waiting for him to do something.
Suddenly, Ben clapped his hands together. "That's it. Everything off folks." We stripped. Ben had us gather in a circle. "I want you all to look at each other and get that out of the way now."
We looked. Everyone was in pretty good shape. As I already knew, Kelly and Jenny both looked great nude. Arianna was very pretty, but a bit too emaciated for my taste. Wendy's was probably the most marked transformation. Clothed, Wendy was pleasant-looking but nothing out of the ordinary. Nude, she looked very lovely.
My enthusiasm for my onstage partner, Trisha, had grown over the two weeks of rehearsal as we hand handled each other pretty intimately. Not only was she smart and funny and good-looking, she felt great: firm where she should be and soft and warm where she should be. My enthusiasm grew dramatically seeing her without the sundress. Voluptuous is a fair description, but it doesn't communicate the compelling beauty of Trisha's naked body. She was every bit as much a beauty as Kelly and Jenny.
I glanced to see if Mike was taking in the very beautiful sight of his naked daughter. However, Mike's attention seemed fully absorbed by Jenny's nude body standing next to him. Understandable as Jenny is beautiful nude. Jenny was pretty absorbed with Mike too.
Kelly was standing next to me. For no particular reason, I turned to her and kissed her on the lips. As we broke our quick kiss, Kelly whispered, "Thank you Harry for doing this."
Ben quickly got us into practicing our movements. The first time I lifted Trisha I realized that my nose was in her patch when I held her in the air. The sensation of her bare body sliding down mine followed by a bare embrace had caused me to forget that. However, after we finished the scene, Trisha flipped a hand through her pubic hair and giggled.
"Maybe I should trim that a bit more for you," she said to me.
"Up to you," I said. "It smells nice."
The scene in which I lowered nude Trisha onto my supine body was also a tactile pleasure. Lying on top of me, Trisha whispered, "This feels so great!"
For us guys, the scene with the cartwheels was just work. Ben had brought in his partner, Sharon, to help with the final preparations. Sharon assured us that our bare dicks flipping in the air was a pleasing optic. Understandably, Ben spent most of his time in that scene coaching the girls on raising their asses to the audience.
After Ben finally said that he was satisfied with what the girls were doing, Arianna commented, "That sure leaves us fully exposed."
"That's the whole idea," Ben replied.
Jenny giggled, "I enjoy it."
Wendy chimed in, "I think that the damn scene is too short."
To me, Kelly teased, "I've definitely got to get my parents here to see me do this."
Somewhat shocked, Arianna exclaimed, "Your parents?!"
Trisha piped up, "Well, my Dad can't see my cunt and asshole in this scene but I can see his dick flopping around."
"Your Dad has a nice dick," Jenny replied.
We worked hard and got very thirsty. Even with the few clothes we had worn to rehearsal, all of us except Guy went to the pub.
After we all had our drinks, Wendy proclaimed, "That was really a lot of fun. I'm getting pretty stoked about doing that in front of an audience."
"No more worries about the president of the bank?" Trisha asked.
"I think that I have a pretty nice cunt and that people should see it," Wendy responded. "Screw him if he doesn't like it. No, actually I don't want to screw him."
"You'd screw Jeff, though," Jenny teased. Wendy and Jeff had become something of a couple.
Wendy turned to look at Jeff, who was sitting beside her. "Absolutely I would," she said.
Kelly said, "So, Mike, now that you've gotten naked with your adult daughter, how do you feel about it?"
"It feels a lot more natural than I expected. Trisha's a beautiful woman and she's obviously having fun," Mike said. He hastily added, "Of course, Jenny is the most beautiful woman among a group of beauties." Jenny squeezed Mike's thigh. Mike added, "I'm having a lot of fun doing this with Jenny."
Kelly and I were hoping that Mike and Jenny became a couple. I'd never met Mike's wife, Trisha's mother, but he couldn't find a better woman than Jenny. He seemed like a good guy and we both thought that Jenny deserved someone fully devoted to her.
On the drive home, I asked Kelly, "What's it like partnered with Guy?"
"He's polite and considerate, but, even with all of the bare skin touching we did today, I don't sense any real reaction from him."
Going through those moves with Kelly in the nude and not reacting seemed impossible to me. The enigma that was Guy just deepened in my mind.
The show started moving into the theater the following Monday. To accommodate us amateurs who had day jobs, rehearsals were scheduled for 6:00 p.m. Since the Performing Arts Center was only a couple of blocks from the office, Jenny and I walked to that first in-theater rehearsal. Kelly was driving in from her office and would drive me home.
Jenny and I had to show ID to get inside the theater. Once in, a very young staffer checked our names off on a roster and led us to the "chorus dressing room." The dressing room was spartan, basically like a sports locker room. The main room had a bench running around the wall. Above the bench were vertical partitions every few feet providing us with separate spaces to hang clothes. Partially walled off in one corner stood a sink, a urinal, and a toilet. An opening in the wall nearby led into a tiled room with several showerheads mounted around the wall.
The staffer pointed to what looked like a large tool chest with a combination lock on it. "Valuables go in there," she said. "Here's the combination," she added as she handed us small slips of paper. "Don't give that out to anyone and make sure to lock the cabinet every time you use it. If you catch someone else forgetting to lock the cabinet, tell me and I'll get the stage manager to bitch at them."
After the staffer walked out, I said to Jenny, "Not much privacy is there?"
"Harry, we don't need any privacy," Jenny replied brightly.
The rest of the chorus soon arrived. As the staffer led Guy, the last to arrive, into the dressing room, she announced, "Ok. Everyone should be naked and onstage in ten." We were well past any hesitation about stripping nude in front of each other (although the pleasure in watching Kelly, Trisha, Jenny, and Wendy undress was still as great as before the first rehearsal). Walking out of the dressing room naked was a little more daunting. First, the theater was cold. Second, there were a surprising number of clothed people around doing various tasks. Of course, they all looked when ten naked people walked onstage. Kelly and I walked out holding hands. As we reached the middle of the stage, Kelly gave my hand a squeeze.
Five people, three men and two women, were sitting on folding chairs at the far downstage right corner. As we walked out, one of the men stood up and said, in a booming voice, "There's our chorus. Good evening ladies and gentlemen, it is good to see you; double-meaning intended. I'm Peter Gorsuch, the director. Seated here, from your left to right are Ann Cotton, who plays Carrie, the female lead; Kelly Wright, who plays Jessie; Mark Pound, who plays Peter, the male lead; and Jerome Sand, who plays Will."
A small wiry man with a full beard, wearing jeans and a Les Miserable tee shirt, had walked onstage followed by a small redheaded girl in jeans and a Sunset Boulevard tee shirt. Both wore headsets.
The bearded man said, "I'm Mike. I'm the stage manager. This is Drew, my assistant stage manager. We run the show. If either of us tells you to do something, you do it right now! The wings are small and crowded so, when you're not onstage, please stay in your dressing room. There is a PA in there that will pipe in all of the cues. Drew or I will cue you five minutes before you go onstage. When you hear that, you must, very quietly, leave the dressing room and take your positions in the wings. Drew will be in the wings stage right and I will be stage left to cue you when to go on. You can ask questions now, but not during a performance."
From that warm introduction, we progressed to being shown our positions in the wings from which we would go onstage for each scene. Each of our male/female pairs had a different position, and a different starting position for each scene. Kelly had gone with Guy. I would spend the rest of rehearsal naked with Trisha.
Before we ran through the entire show, Peter wanted to see the four chorus scenes. This required some adjustments from us. We had rehearsed under fluorescent lights in the warehouse. Here, we were performing under the actual lighting to be used during the show. Our first scene was done entirely in blue light. That affected what we saw and how we moved until we adjusted. Trisha would jump to help me lift her up in that scene. The first time we tried it under the blue light, Trisha jumped into me rather than in front of me. Trisha jumping into me nude was fine with me, but it wasn't what Peter wanted.
Overall, Peter was satisfied with our scenes until we got to the very end of our fourth and final scene. As I said earlier, that scene ended with a loud noise. The stage was suddenly lit in bright white light. We were to embrace a partner other than our partner throughout the show. For this last bit, I was paired with Wendy.
We did the scene. The noise and the lights happened, and Wendy and I embraced with our hands on each other's bare asses as Ben had instructed. The other four couples were in similar poses around the stage. We held the pose until someone said something.
What was said was Peter bellowing, "Goddamnit Ben! I told you this is a passionate embrace! I want to see people up there one step away from fucking! Instead, I see store mannequins!"
I moved my downstage hand to the bottom of Wendy's ass and pulled her towards me harder. Wendy moved her downstage hand up and in until her fingers were just in the crack of my ass. Wendy also worked her upstage hand between us and gently cupped my balls. I don't think Peter, out in the house, could see Wendy's upstage hand.
We were all holding our pose, looking at Peter. "Those two are a little better," Peter said, pointing at Wendy and me. "Let's gets some hands on tits too," Peter exclaimed. "I don't guess we can show hands on dicks or fingers in pussies."
Sharon, Ben's assistant, came down onstage and re-positioned everyone in their "passionate embraces" until Peter was happy. She came to Wendy and me from upstage and saw Wendy's upstage hand.
"I like the hand on the balls," Sharon said quietly. "Harry, can you work your upstage hand between Wendy's legs? The audience won't see it so we stay out of trouble, but it should get you both a bit more aroused, which is what Peter wants."
I dutifully worked my upstage hand between our bodies and between Wendy's thighs. My index finger found her clit, so I began rubbing it very slightly. Wendy started kneading my balls just a little bit. Sharon watched us for a moment before she said, "Good work" and walked away.
Once Peter was satisfied with the chorus scenes, we had to wait a while to start the full run-through. Our scenes were done on a bare stage floor. However, there were some sets, really just shapes vaguely suggestive of a room or sidewalk, which had to be put in place. We chorus members had decided that, instead of putting on and taking off robes, we'd all just stay nude. I was sitting on a crate in the wings watching the stagehands when Kelly Wright came up to me.
"Ann, Mark, Jerry, and I were a little surprised that they found people locally to be the nude chorus. Are you guys professional performers?" Ms. Wright asked.
"We have a dance student, Arianna; and a voice student, Trisha," I replied. "The rest of us are not performers in any sense. I'm a lawyer as is Jenny. My wife Kelly, the redhead, is a psychologist. Wendy is a banker. Mike is a math professor. Jeff is a cyber-security consultant."
"Wow," Ms. Wright said. "How do you like being nude onstage?"
"Honestly, I'm having a blast and I'm pretty sure everyone else is too," I answered.
Ms. Wright laughed. "My first role out of school," she said, "was in a two-week revival of Oh! Calcutta at a small theater in LA. Do you know Oh! Calcutta?" I nodded affirmatively so she went on. "Then you know that it's really not a good show except that the cast spends a lot of time onstage completely nude. I've had a lot of better roles since then, but those two weeks were the most fun I've ever had onstage. When I dropped my robe in the first scene on opening night, I felt so alive and sexy it was amazing!"
I did persuade Ms. Wright to explain the basic story of the play to me. We had never been told. Briefly summarized, Carrie and Peter are lovers in a troubled relationship. Our dream sequences were meant to show that Carrie and Peter were much alike deep down, but they could or would not express their deepest thoughts to each other. Instead, Carrie confides everything in her friend Will as does Peter to Jessie. Our last scene is meant to symbolize Carrie and Peter realizing that they'd each be better off with partners whom they trust and confide in: Will and Jessie respectively. The play ends with Carrie becoming Will's lover as Jessie becomes Peter's. I then understood why there was so much nudity: to maintain audience interest in the play.
At the end of the first rehearsal, with everyone out on stage, Peter announced, "We have to talk about curtain call. It's really pretty simple. The chorus will come out first as a group. You'll get your clap then split at center stage. Jerome will come out between your two halves and get his clap. Then Kelly will come out and get hers followed by Mark and then Ann. After Ann has gotten the clap, the chorus will come tighten up on the actors. You'll get the clap again as a group then leave stage. The question is: does the chorus want to do the curtain call in robes or in the nude? It's up to you."
None of us had thought about that. After a moment, Wendy said, "Nude, of course!" Peter looked at the rest of us and we all nodded our agreement. That was going to be interesting: facing the audience fully nude for an extended time in normal light.
The remaining in-theater rehearsals went reasonably well, notwithstanding Peter's profane and bombastic style. Contrary to Ben's advice, those of us who worked had not taken the week of the run off. The previous Sunday all of us, including Guy, had gone to a sporting goods store and bought matching black warm-up suits. We agreed that we'd wear those and sandals to and from the theater, and nothing else. Late Wednesday afternoon, I closed my office door. I took off all of my clothes, hung my suit up, and stashed my boxers in my desk where, I hoped, Becky my secretary wouldn't seen them. I put on my warm-up suit and sandals and headed for the lobby to meet Jenny for the walk to the Performing Arts Center.
As I walked past her cubicle, Becky said, "Break a leg Mr. Stone."
Fearful of what that signified, I turned to her. "What does that mean?"
"You've been real quiet about it, but the secretaries' grapevine knows that you and Ms. Masters are in that new show," Becky said with a grin. "A bunch of us bought tickets and are going Saturday night. That was the only night there were any tickets left." Shit, what don't our secretaries know?
Jenny was waiting for me in the lobby in her black warm-up suit. I told her what Beck had said.
"Well, there's nothing to do about it now," Jenny said. "I'm sure not backing out." Jenny chuckled. "In that same vein, I saw Bill Brewer in the hall today. He asked me if I'd heard about the new show at the PAC with all the nudity. I played dumb. Bill and his wife are going Friday night. Do you think that he'll figure out that we're part of the nudity?"
"Well," I said, "our names are in the program. I think even Bill can figure that one out." Bill Brewer was in his early 60s and was the head of Jenny's department in the law firm.
"Is Bill going to call me on the carpet next Monday?" Jenny asked.
"My guess is that he'll be in denial, too embarrassed to admit that he saw a lawyer in his group onstage naked," I replied.
"I hope you're right," Jenny said. "If he tells 4cc, you and I may be starting our own firm next week."
"I can think of worse things than sharing an office with you," I said smiling.
"Yeah, we'd have fun," Jenny agreed, "but would we make any money?"
"Think of all the money we could save on suits, dresses, and ties if it was just us in the office," I joked.
"You mean work nude?" Jenny asked. She paused. "That's really not a bad idea."
"Well, it ain't going to happen at our current shop," I replied.
"You're right about that," Jenny agreed.
Trisha was just ahead of us as we reached the stage door. Smiling, she asked us both, "Ready to show your stuff?"
Like Jenny, Trisha looked very good in her warm-up suit. We guys had all gone for loose-fitting. The girls had all gotten suits that fit them tightly. The only one whom that did not flatter much was poor Arianna, only because she had such a flat figure. Nonetheless, I knew that I and an entire audience would be seeing Trisha and Jenny, and my wife and Wendy, looking much better in their bare skin in a couple of hours.
I wasn't sure why the production wanted us in the theater two hours early. Initially, I had assumed that we'd have to put on some sort of body make-up. When no one had said anything about that, I asked one of the cute make-up girls about it during the final rehearsal.
"Stage lights tend to cause normal skin tones to wash out," she explained. "Ordinarily, we don't want that; but, because all of your scenes are supposed to be in dreams, Peter decided that having you all look pale was what he wanted." So much for my fantasy of a cute young woman putting pancake on my dick.
The curtain was scheduled to go up at 8:00. By 7:00, all ten of us were sitting around the dressing room, drinking Cokes and taking bites from the stale sandwiches provided for us. Drew came into the dressing room.
Drew clapped her hands to get our attention. "Everyone, get naked now. We don't want any marks from your clothes on your skin."
It was actually a relief to take my clothes off. I stood in front on my "locker" facing the center of the room so that I could watch everyone else undress. Everyone else had the same idea. Once we all got naked, everyone was smiling, even Guy.
Wendy called out, "Center of the room. Group hug."
We all went to the center the room, put our arms around each other, and scrunched together in a mass of naked flesh. After we broke, Trisha came up to Kelly and me, put her arms around the two of us, and said "Mini-hug." Then Trisha kissed each of us on the lips.
The PA in the dressing room went live around 7:45. We heard Mike calling crew to positions, ordering the house lights down, and giving the first cues of the show. Everyone's anxiety went up. About 20 minutes later, Drew's voice came through, "Five minutes to positions chorus."
I heard Jeff say, "I gotta piss."
It seemed like only two minutes passed before Drew's voice announced, "chorus to entry positions." We very quietly opened the dressing room door and walked naked through the cold theater wings to the spots from which we'd enter the stage for our first scene. Trisha was standing beside me as we waited to go on. She took my hand.
Then Drew was cuing us to go on. We dashed naked onto the stage and started the frenetic movements of the first scene. I knew the audience was there because I heard the gasps, laughs, and "oh my's" they uttered on seeing us. But, I was too busy to look at them.
When we got to the end of the scene, where I lifted Trisha up, my back was to the audience but she was facing them. Once I pushed her into the fully elevated position, I heard Trisha softly say "Wow!" We held that position for twenty and then I let Trisha slide down my body. When her feet reached the floor, I could feel the rapid beat of her heart. We were supposed to kiss, and did; passionately knowing that we were both naked in front of a theater full of people.
Leaving the stage after our first nude scene in front of a real audience, we were all high on the thrill. As soon as we were safely in the wings, Kelly ran over to me and gave me a powerful hug and kiss. Even partnered with the introverted Guy, she was having a great time. When we got back into the dressing room, Trisha came up and gave me a hug.
"You were great Harry," Trisha said.
"You were pretty great yourself," I replied, "but I had a closer view than the audience."
Jenny, sitting by Mike, called to me, "So, partner, did you enjoy showing off your dick?"
"I did," I responded. "Did you enjoy showing your cunt?"
Jenny laughed. "I'm not sure that they saw much cunt, but having my bare tits and ass on display was a blast."
Wendy piped up, "Well, the audience will see all of our cunts in the next scene."
I happened to glance at Arianna as Wendy said that. She and Rob were sitting quietly holding hands. She did not seem pleased to be reminded about our next scene.
Kelly called out, "Next scene girls! We're showing everything!"
"Don't forget the manly dicks on display!" Jeff called out.
"With our cunts and assholes in front of their faces, no one will be looking at your dicks," Trisha laughed.
Much sooner than I'd expected, we heard Drew's voice telling us to get ready for our next scene. In our second scene, the girls marched in a line as far downstage as possible, turned their backs to the audience, got on their hands and knees, and began moving their asses up and down. It was calculated to expose them completely to the audience. I heard various reactions from the audience as the girls showed off.
We men marched on stage in a line and, one at a time, did cartwheels back and forth across the stage. Standing line waiting to get started, I got my first real look at the audience. The theater was full. I was a little surprised that I could see individual faces in the audience. They seemed a lot closer than I had envisioned from looking at the empty theater during rehearsal. Standing there, I felt much more exposed than ever before. This may sound odd, but it was a great feeling.
Just before I started my cartwheels, I looked at the girls to see how they were dealing with their very intimate exposure. Kelly was grinning from ear to ear. Jenny was smiling, but seemed to be breathing hard. Trisha had a look of pure bliss on her face.
Once I started my cartwheels, I had to really concentrate on doing them right. It had actually taken me some time to learn how to do a series of consecutive cartwheels and I was a bit scared that I'd fall onstage. Thankfully, I didn't.
The scene lasted, maybe, eight minutes. We guys left the stage a bit winded. However, the girls were even higher than after the first scene. Before we even reached the dressing room, Trisha and Kelly were both hugging me. I could feel both of their hearts beating fast.
Once the dressing room door had closed behind us, Wendy nearly screamed, "That was so fucking hot!"
Jenny said, "I almost came right there on stage! I have got to get myself off!"
Mike, sitting next to her, gallantly offered, "I'll help you."
Jenny spread her legs. Mike put his hand between her thighs and began finger-fucking Jenny while the rest of us watched. Soon, she was audibly moaning.
Drew, the diminutive but rather cute, assistant staff manager, came through the door. After a surprised glance at Mike and Jenny, Drew announced, "Good work everyone. With the intermission, you've got about 45 before you're on again. I hope that you're having fun." Just then Jenny came loudly. "I guess you are," Drew said with a smile and walked out.
As Jenny finished coming, Trisha called out, "Good work Dad!" Mike looked a little sheepish as he realized that he had finger-fucked his new girlfriend to orgasm in front of his daughter. The rest of us were a bit more restrained than Mike and Jenny. However, we were eager to get back out in front of the audience. While the time between our two scenes in the first act seemed very short, time seemed to drag before our first scene in the second act.
We finally heard Mike calling the cues for the start of the second act, but it seemed forever before Drew called us to our places in the wings from which we'd start our third scene.
Our third scene consisted mostly of movements during which there was a lot of touching between the partners. We had been very strictly instructed not to touch each others' genitals while on stage. However, Trisha brushed my dick with her hand several times during the scene. I don't know if that was accident or design, but I wasn't complaining. As I said before, the scene ended with me on my back on the floor holding Trisha prone above me and then lowering her down onto my body. In the few seconds that Trisha lay on top of me before the scene ended, she whispered, "Wouldn't it be great to be fucking right now?"
Back in the dressing room after the scene, Wendy announced to everyone, "I'm out there lying naked on top of Jeff and I hear Trisha tell Harry that she'd like to be fucking him right then. That put an image in my mind! Don't say things like that. You'll make me horny, or hornier!" Everyone laughed. We were all more than a bit horny.
As I explained, our last scene ended with me in a "passionate embrace" with Wendy. Since our first rehearsal, she and I had worked out how we wanted to hold that pose. We pressed our downstage hips together very tightly with our down stage hands on each others' asses. However, we left some space between our upstage hips so that each of us could fit a hand between us. Wendy grasped my dick with her upstage hand and was gently rubbing a finger on the underside of my dickhead. My upstage hand was between Wendy's slightly spread legs fingering her clit. We figured that no one would see what we were doing to each other. It was a thrill to be doing it in front of an unknowing audience.
Kelly had been posed in the last scene with Mike, upstage of Wendy and me. Once we were back in the dressing room after the scene, Kelly said to the group, "Wendy and my husband are bad. I glance at them during the last pose and she's got her hand around his dick and he's fingering her clit!"
Trisha piped up, "We should all do something like that. If we're careful, the audience won't see. Playing with each other onstage: that will be a rush!"
Before we could pursue that idea further, we heard Drew's voice on the dressing room PA telling us to prepare for curtain call. I'm not sure how the others felt, but, to me, the curtain call seemed very different from the rest of the play. During our scenes, we were doing things under the pretense that the audience was not there. We were supposed to be only images in the characters' dreams. That pretense was gone during the curtain call. We would be expressing acknowledging the audience, standing onstage naked, facing them and interacting with them to an extent. This promised to be a more intense experience. I was looking forward to it.
We walked out in a line, led by Wendy. I was between Kelly and Trisha. We started out facing stage left. On a cue shouted by Mike from the wings, we turned to our right, giving the audience our full frontal. I don't know whether the audience really appreciated our performance or was just happy to see more skin, but the applause seemed thunderous.
I was right. The curtain call was a very different experience from the rest of the play. For one thing, I could think about what I was experiencing rather than what I was supposed to be doing. I was standing in front of about 2,000 people. A slight breeze across my dick was a constant reminder that I was completely nude. That might sound embarrassing, but, at that moment, I was thrilled. I felt that it was a privilege to stand there fully exposed to these people. I was proud that my wife was standing naked next to me. I felt sorry for the audience, who had to wear clothes.
We took each other's hands and bowed to the audience. Then, our line split between Kelly and Guy. Jerome came out and received his applause. Kelly Wright came out followed by Mark and Ann. The four actors stood together clothed with five of us, naked, on either side of them. It seemed to me that the actors being dressed emphasized our nudity.
When we left the stage and went back to the dressing room, we were all as high, or higher, than we had been at any time during the show. Trisha hugged her father, exclaiming, I'm so happy we're doing this!" Of course, they were both still naked.
Kelly turned to me and said, gleefully, "I'm incredibly horny right now." She grabbed me by the dick and led me into the shower room. It didn't take much to get me hard. Kelly leaned back against the wall, spread her legs, and used her hands to guide my dick into her cunt. Jesus was she wet! This was not the time for tender and loving. I started pumping Kelly hard. After a few moments, I realized that Wendy and Jeff had come into the shower room. Jeff had Wendy against the wall only inches away from Kelly. Jeff was banging Wendy forcefully.
I vaguely heard the dressing room door open and then laughter from the people still in the dressing room. I heard Trisha calling, "Kelly, Wendy, there's something out here for you."
Kelly grunted out loudly, "Give . . . me . . . a . . . minute."
Wendy was more direct: "Goddamnit, wait till I come!"
As Kelly started to come, I put my hands on her ass and picked her up. She wrapped her legs around me. Kelly started to moan loudly. That was followed by a scream: "OH . . . MY . . . GOD!" As Kelly screamed that, I shot my load into her. After we came, I leaned Kelly against the wall. She kept her legs wrapped around me. We kissed for what seemed like a long time. Even Wendy's vocal orgasm didn't disturb us.
Kelly finally put her feet down and I pulled out. Jeff and Wendy were still entwined as Kelly and I turned to the shower room door way. The rest of the chorus and Drew were standing there. They had been watching us fuck.
After a short silence, Trisha said, "That was hot."
There was another silence. Jenny broke that silence by saying, "Kelly, you have flowers out here."
Except for Guy, the men had agreed to have flowers delivered to the chorus women on opening night. I had ordered flowers for Kelly, Jenny, and Trisha. Mike had ordered flowers for Jenny and Trisha. Jeff had ordered flowers for Wendy. I had to pay for them, but we even talked Rob into sending flowers to Arianna.
There was still a bit of cum on the tip of my dick when Trisha came up, her flowers in hand, and kissed me. "Thank you," she said.
Jenny followed Trisha. Jenny hugged me, kissed me, and said, "Thank you for the flowers Harry. And thanks for talking me into doing this." Jenny ran a finger along the head of my dick, picking up a little of my semen. She brought the finger to her mouth and licked it. "Still tastes good," she said.
Because it was a Wednesday night and several of us had to work the next day, we did not go out drinking after the show. That doesn't mean I got much sleep that night. Kelly and I were still buzzing when we got home. It was a pleasant night, so we went out and fucked in the back yard. Then we took a long shower together under the outdoor shower we'd had installed about a month earlier.
Although it was very late, I spied the nude form of Allison peering around the corner of our house. "Come over here and get under the shower," I called. Allison joined Kelly and me under the shower for a few minutes. After we toweled each other off, we went inside.
While I mixed us drinks, Allison asked, "Well, how was it?"
"Allison, it was the most fantastic experience," Kelly answered. "You can't believe how erotic it is to be naked and wriggling around in front of that many people. We were so horny that Harry and I fucked in the dressing room in front of everyone as soon as we finished the curtain call. You have to do it sometime!"
"I'd love to," Allison replied, "but I'll never get Kurt to go along. He'll get naked in small groups, but he'd never do something like that. But, hey, you have six more opportunities to enjoy it."
"Seven," I interjected.
"Seven?" Allison asked. "Tomorrow night, Friday, and two shows Saturday and Sunday."
"There's a special matinee on Friday for theater students from the university and from the high school for performing arts," I explained.
Allison said, "Oooh. You're doing this for students?"
"Yeah,' Kelly answered. "Although, I think that the high school kids needed written permission from their parents to see the show."
When I got to the office, a bit late, the next day, Becky asked, "How was the first performance?"
"Interesting," I replied.
Becky grinned. "Very revealing I expect."
I was still buzzing off of the thrill of the opening night and building anticipation for the second performance. I wasn't getting any work done. About an hour later, my phone rang. When I picked up, it was Jenny.
"Harry, I can't get shit done. Do you want to go for a walk?"
"I'm not getting anything done either. I'll be down to your office in a minute," I told her.
Jenny's office was a floor below me. By the time I made it down the stairs, Jenny was outside her office waiting for me. Jenny's secretary, Carol, was there too. Carol was quite a bit older and more direct than my secretary.
"Hello Mr. Stone," Carol greeted me. "I hope that you two had fun last night. I'm looking forward to seeing the show Saturday night and seeing what both of you look like under those clothes." Carol was not keeping her voice down.
Anna Light, a willowy blonde senior associate, had the office next to Jenny's. Anna stuck her head out. "What was Carol talking about?" I guess Anna correctly perceived the "busted" looks on Jenny's and my faces. She said, "Oh God! You're both in that naked play? I heard that they recruited people locally to go naked, but I never thought anyone I knew would do it." Anna paused. "What's it like being naked in front of all those people?" Anna asked.
Jenny answered, "In all truth, it is probably the most fun I've ever had. You really should do something like it some time. You'll be scared to death going in, but you'll have the time of your life."
Anna blushed deeply. "No, no, I could never take my clothes off in front of strangers!"
"Why not?" Jenny asked. We walked away while Anna tried to come up with an answer.
When we got outside, Jenny said, "I guess we have to assume that our role in the show will be all over the firm."
"Are you regretting doing the show?" I asked.
"Absolutely not," Jenny replied forcefully. "I guess that you and Kelly have turned me into an exhibitionist, but I wouldn't give this experience up for anything. Last night I felt more free, powerful, beautiful, and sexy than I've ever felt."
"You've always been beautiful and sexy," I said.
"Thanks. And I met Mike," Jenny said.
"How is he?" I asked.
"He's a great guy and a great lover,' Jenny said.
"He seems like a good guy," I said. "I'm also impressed with his daughter."
Jenny laughed. "According to Mike, Trisha is very impressed with both you and Kelly. Very, very impressed, if you get my meaning."
"Humm," I said.
"There shouldn't be a problem," Jenny said. "I know from personal experience that you guys do threesomes."
"Does Mike know...?" I asked, gesturing with my finger between Jenny and myself.
"I told him," Jenny said brightly. "He's perfectly okay with that. He likes the two of you. He said that after spending so much time with you naked, he understands perfectly why I find the two of you attractive."
"So, you're suggesting that I may have more sex with Jenny Masters to look forward to?"
Jenny grinned. "Probably."
I was a lovely day. Jenny and I walked and talked for over an hour, and then got lunch. We both did have to go back to the office to check messages, and get our warm-up suits.
As we were riding back up the elevator in our building, with several other people, Jenny said to me, "Let's go over to the theater earlier tonight. I can't wait to get my clothes off." That comment turned a few heads.
We did get to the theater earlier. So did the rest of the chorus. Everyone shucked their warm-ups as soon as they got inside the theater. Someone had posted the local paper's review of the show on the wall of the dressing room. The reviewer did comment on the "attractive nude chorus, all locally recruited, suggesting that our town can confidently show more skin," but generally did not like the show. Oh well. The reviewer wasn't having the fun that we were.
I had thought that we might be a little flat after the thrill of the opening night had passed. Doing something a second time is rarely as much fun as the first time. I was wrong. The second night was just as much fun as the first night.
We were a little less exuberant in the dressing room after the show Thursday night. No one fucked in the shower room. However, as we were getting dressed, Wendy let out a loud "Oh my God!"
"What is it?" Jeff asked loudly enough for all of us to hear.
With only her warm-up pants on, Wendy walked to the center of the room pointing at her smart phone. "I just got a text from my mom. She and Dad have three tickets to this show tomorrow night. She wants to know if I want to come with them."
Laughing, Kelly asked, "You didn't tell your parents that you're in the show?"
"No," Wendy said in a voice laced with some panic. "They live 60 miles out of town. I figured that they'd never know."
Jeff was smiling now too. "I guess that you'd better tell them now."
Wendy was calming. "No. I don't think so. I'll just tell them that I'm busy and I hope that they enjoy the show. Maybe they won't be pissed when they've seen how much fun we're having."
The special Friday matinee was weird because the audience seemed so young. The producers were giving a free performance for area performing arts students. Because there was nudity but no overt sex, the High School for Performing Arts brought its students whose parents had given permission. There was a question and answer session scheduled with the students after the performance.
We had all assumed that the Q & A session was just with the professional actors. After the show, we were putting on our warm-ups and talking about where to eat before the public performance that night.
Mike stormed into the dressing room. "Why aren't you all onstage for the Q & A?" he demanded.
"That doesn't include us, does it?" Wendy said. "What can we say about performing arts? We're just running around naked."
"It sure as hell does include you," Mike replied. "For this week, you're all paid performers, so get your asses out there and earn your checks."
We dutifully trooped out onstage in our warm-ups. Thoughts of dinner evaporated and the taste of the stale sandwiches served backstage wafted in my mouth. I was, however, gratified when the students stood and applauded us as we walked out.
I think that the professional actors would have preferred that we had been excluded from the Q & A. Most of the students' questions were directed to us. Most of the questions were various ways of asking us to describe the experience of performing in the nude.
One question stood out a little, largely because it was asked by a very attractive, well developed girl in a tight HSPA tee shirt. "What preparation did you go through in order to perform in the nude?"
Wendy, our spokesperson, gave a succinct answer: "I took a deep breath and then took my clothes off."
The girl who asked the question said, very thoughtfully, "I could do that."
The Friday night show was sold out again. This time we knew that there were people in the audience who knew some of us. This is counterintuitive, but I think that knowledge made the Friday performance more fun. At least Jenny, Wendy, and I knew that we were performing nude in front of people who knew us in clothed life. Maybe it's a form a flashing, but we all found that stimulating.
We were still all nude in the dressing room after curtain call. None of us were ever in a hurry to get dressed. Drew cracked the door open, "Wendy," she called, "there are a man and a woman out here who say they're your parents."
"They are," Wendy replied. "Can you let them back here?"
Drew looked around to see if any of the rest of us objected. No one did. "Sure," Drew said and closed the door.
"Don't anyone get dressed," Wendy called out.
A few minutes later, Drew opened the door again and let in a somewhat older couple, nicely dressed. They looked around at all of us, not sure what to think. Completely nude, Wendy walked up to her parents. With the three of them standing together, you could see a family resemblance. I guessed that Wendy's mother would look lovely in the nude too.
"Did you like the show?" Wendy asked her parents.
"You could have told us that you are in it and what you do in it," Wendy's mother chided her.
"Would you have bought tickets if I had?" Wendy asked.
"Probably not," her father answered.
Wendy half turned and gestured for Jeff to join them. I didn't envy Jeff at that moment. Meeting your girlfriend's parents for the first time is tough enough. Doing it stark naked must be chilling.
Jeff handled it well. To Wendy's parents, Jeff said, "You have a very beautiful and talented daughter."
"Yes, well, I guess we saw every bit of that beauty tonight," her father replied.
Wendy intervened. "Mom, Dad, most of us are going to the pub across the street to get a drink or two. Would you like to come?"
Jeff added, "We'd be honored if you join us."
Hesitantly, Wendy's mother, looking at her husband, said, "I suppose."
We quickly put on our warm-up suits. In addition to Wendy, Jeff, and Wendy's parents, Kelly, Trisha, Jenny, Mike, and I went across the street to a faux English pub called "The Cock & Cattle." The post-show crowd had thinned some so we found two tables to push together.
Although it was supposed to be an English pub, the servers were dressed in short skirts of plaid wool, more suggestive of Scotland than England. The skirt flattered our server, a cute brunette with great legs. When she brought our first round of drinks, she announced, "this round is on that lady across the bar."
I looked up and saw Kelly Wright waving at us. She was sitting at a table with Mike and Drew, the stage mangers.
The server went on, "The lady said that you guys are the actors who go naked in that show across the street."
Wendy, rather proudly, said, "That is correct."
"That is so cool," our server replied. "I saw the show with my boyfriend Wednesday, my night off. I didn't like it that well but you guys looked like you were having a great time."
"We were," Trisha responded.
"Damn straight. Your next round is on me," the server said. "I told my boyfriend after the show that I'd love to do what you are doing."
"What did he say?" Trisha asked.
"He got pissy and said that I should only take my clothes off for him. What fun is that? He's seen me naked hundreds of times. I'd like some new people to see me."
The server took our food orders and left. That late, we could only get bar food, but it beat the sandwiches at the theater.
Mike got a more serious look on his face. "I've got something to say. I thought about doing it more privately, but we've all become a sort of family. Trisha told you back when we started rehearsals that I took my wife's death last year very hard. Trisha did too and we sort of withdrew from each other. Trisha pressured me to do this show with her thinking that going nude together would open us up to each other again. It worked. Trisha's been telling me a lot more since we've been doing this. She told me something that Kelly and Harry should know." Mike looked at his daughter. So did everyone else.
One thing Trisha had, and still has, is poise. Very matter-of-factly, she said, "Harry, Kelly, I've fallen in some sort of love with you both. Being nude in the show with Harry and touching him the way we touch had been very, very special to me. I'd like to touch you both everywhere and have both of you touch me everywhere. Stated another way, I'd really like to fuck both of you."
No one at the table seemed overly shocked by that. I knew that Kelly would be pleased. She had already told me that she really wanted to eat Trisha out while Trisha was eating her. Kelly isn't really bi-sexual, but she occasionally finds another woman to whom she's strongly attracted.
Kelly asked, "Mike, you're our friend. Are you ok with that?"
"To my own surprise," Mike said, "I am. Jenny has told me that you two are kind and caring people and I can see that myself. She's also told me that you're both good lovers. If that's what Trisha wants, I'm fine with it."
Wendy interrupted. "Jenny, you've had a relationship with both Kelly and Harry?"
Smiling, Jenny said "Yes, I have. I love them both dearly."
"And now," Wendy went on, "Trisha's going to have a sexual relationship with both Kelly and Harry."
"Absolutely," Trisha answered.
"This is so great!" Wendy exclaimed.
I looked at Wendy's mother. I swear that she had a slight smile and a gleam in her eye. However, she pushed her chair back and stood up. "It was a pleasure to meet all of you, but your show was rather stimulating and we have a nice hotel room. It would be a shame to waste it just sleeping." Wendy's father stood up beside her.
Wendy said, "We inspired Mom and Dad to go back to their room and fuck?"
"You did dear," her father said. "I didn't realize until tonight how much you look like your mother. Seeing you shake your bare ass in our faces got me wanting to spend some time with your mother's bare ass."
"Good for you both!" Wendy exclaimed. "Have fun!"
"Can you and Jeff join us for breakfast tomorrow?" Wendy's mother asked.
"Sure," Wendy said.
"Is 11:00 to late?"
"No Mom," Wendy said. "That will give you and us time for morning sex."
As Wendy's parents left the pub, Trisha turned to Kelly and me. "Can I come home with you tonight?"
"I'm looking forward to that,' Kelly said.