It was only the second day of the vacation and Astrid had already enjoyed sexual encounters with three men: the young man from the room next to hers who she had teased and jerked off after he had watched her masturbating; the guy she had seduced from the hotel cocktail bar and given herself to in a dark corner outside by the pool; and of course Mike, the more mature man she had flashed herself to in the pool in the afternoon then met at midnight in the beach hut where they had sex three ways while his exotic maid filmed them at it.
She had been invited to go and party with Mike and his gang in his penthouse suite one evening. And she guessed she could easily take the boy in the next room if she felt horny - she had agreed to leave a pair of red panties on the balcony as a signal whenever she wanted him to visit her room. The guy in the cocktail bar was a one-off, probably, but she knew she would easily find and seduce other men around the hotel.
She was considering trying out the hotel gym and spa later - perhaps a massage too. But the plan for the morning was to go to the market in the nearby town.
At breakfast in the hotel she had got herself in the mood for another day of exhibitionism and random sexual encounters by wearing extremely tight white shorts, with only a thong underneath to avoid visible panty line and show off her athletic glutes. Above she wore a yellow crop top and no bra. Sure enough eyes followed her constantly as she moved around the breakfast buffet or to and from her table. She relished parading herself around the room, sensing lustful looks and catching lascivious glances.
So by the time Astrid got to the market she was really in the mood, eager to show herself off to anyone to give them a thrill and turn herself on.
She had changed into a skirt - white, short, pleated - which danced teasingly around her thighs as she walked. Above she wore a bright floral-patterned vest and no bra. Her rich brunette hair was loose. As she began to walk around the square she immediately noticed guys checking her out, so she stayed a few steps behind her parents so she could flaunt herself and make the most of it.
The market was mostly in the open, in a small square, a few permanent shops along the sides. Her parents wandered off to look at trinkets and local crafts while Astrid went straight to the clothing stalls. For a while she just browsed. Then she settled on a stall outside one of the small stores selling women's clothing and beachwear. The sales assistant was a handsome young local man with dark hair and bright smile. Astrid gave him her best smile and flirted as they spoke while she picked a few items to try on.
He showed her inside the store to the fitting room - in fact just a corner of the store that was curtained off. Behind the curtain there was a chair, some hooks on the wall and a full length mirror on two sides. She hung up her bag and the items she had chosen then slipped off her sandals.
Before closing the curtain she asked the assistant if he would stay nearby so that she could get his opinion as she tried items on. 'Be honest,' she said to him. 'Tell me if you like what I choose. I want a sexy beach outfit.' She grinned as he blushed. She drew the flimsy curtain but left a gap, aware that he could easily position himself to peek in.
First she took a skirt that she thought might be good for going to the beach. She unclipped the waist of her own skirt and let it fall to the floor. She looked at herself in the mirror, turning to assess her fit young body from different angles in both mirrors. She admired her slim figure and athletic legs, focusing on the tiny white triangle of her panties. As she had suspected and hoped, the sales assistant was sneaking a peek - she caught a glance of him in the mirror then turned to position herself so that he could get an eyeful of her pert buttocks, naked but for the tiny thong. She felt herself becoming horny as she always did while exhibiting herself.
She pulled on the new skirt, which had an elasticated waist although it was too big for her slim figure. She pulled back the curtain and faced the young man. 'I like it,' she said. 'But it's too big for me. Look.' And she pulled at the elastic waist enough to show her bare tummy, then lowered the skirt as he watched.
His eyes widened as he watched, looking down at her body as she lowered the skirt more. Suddenly, when she had expanded the waist over her hips, she let go and the skirt fell to the floor, exposing her near nudity. His gaze fixed on her panties, staring at the tiny white triangle. Astrid grinned at him, loving the way she could use her body to make a man go weak at the knees and hard between the legs - she could see the bulge in his pants.
'Let me try something else.' Leaving the curtain open she turned away from him and reached up to the peg to select the next item, aware that he would now have a great view of her near-naked backside. She chose a skimpy bikini, cream with navy blue border. Turning back to face him she held it out and asked if he liked it. He was virtually salivating as he nodded yes and grinned. In one quick movement she lifted off her vest, exposing her bare chest. His eyes widened and his mouth opened wide. She put on the bikini top and thrust her chest forward to show it off. Then she pulled the bikini bottom on over her underwear. As he watched she turned to face the mirrors and looked at the outfit from various angles. She saw his reflection in the mirror and smiled as he ogled her.
'I'll take it,' she said, turning to face him. Then she pulled off the top again, exposing her bare breasts, then turned away to pull down the briefs. As she pulled them off she made sure to peel off her underwear too, exposing her naked buttocks to him. Then she turned again to face him, loving the sensation of being nude for this stranger in this intimate spot.
She let him scan her body up and down, spreading her legs slightly to show off her pussy lips and thigh gap. Her nipples were hard now, from the thrill of the exposure. The bulge in his pants was very obvious. She was tempted to grab him but settled for teasing him a little more. As he watched she caressed her lower stomach with one hand while brushing her nipples with the other. One finger slid down between her pussy lips, traced the shape of her slit and began to rub. To finish, she inserted her index finger inside her and then licked off her juices from it.
She decided that was enough, settling for the cheap thrill this time. Still naked, Astrid gathered up all the clothes and handed them to him, piling them up in his outstretched arms. She put her vest and skirt back on and slipped the sandals on before brushing past him towards the sales desk, allowing her hand briefly to brush against his hard-on as she passed, loving the way that made him gasp out loud.
At the till she acted as if nothing had happened. Once she had paid for the bikini she closed her purse, thanked him for his assistance and made to leave. He was still in a state of excitement and disbelief at what he had seen. He mumbled a thank you and watched her pick up the bag containing her purchase and start to leave. As she moved away he called out and pointed to the pile of clothes still on the counter, items that she had not tried or bought. On top of the pile lay her thong.
'Keep it,' she said, smiling. 'Use it to think of me when you finish yourself off!' She gazed down at his pants, grinned then left the store, certain that as soon as she had gone he would go and jerk himself off. And she was now excited to return to the hotel to find her next conquest.
Back in her room, Astrid took a shower and texted Amanda to tell her about the episode in the market. Amanda had been to her tennis club and sent Astrid a photo of her with short tennis skirt lifted, displaying her white underwear. Astrid modeled the new bikini. Then she told her friend that she was planning to try out the hotel gym next and they promised to tell each other all later.
She had just finished showering when a maid knocked at the door (she had asked for extra bath towels). Astrid wrapped a small towel round her - just enough to cover her breasts and down far enough to retain her modesty - then answered the door. The maid was hot - a dark brunette with full red lips and a cheeky smile. Astrid caught her glance as the maid quickly scanned her barely covered nubile body. Astrid met her eyes and grinned. 'So have you come to service me?' she asked, grinning, stepping aside to let the maid walk in.
As the dark beauty walked past into the room Astrid checked her out, admiring her well rounded backside, tightly covered by her white apron. The maid turned to face her and was about to speak but Astrid put her finger to her lips and said 'Just tell me your name and show me what you can do for me.' 'Ariana,' she replied, 'like the singer.' And grinned. Astrid replied, 'You're hot like her too!' The maid smiled widely and visibly relaxed.
Astrid decided to see how shockable - or how naughty - Ariana was, wondering if she knew Anabella, her colleague who had filmed Astrid and Mike having sex in the beach hut. Astrid suspected this hotel was full of horny staff and guests, resolving to find the action or make it happen. She unhooked the towel where it was folded above her breasts then pulled it away from her body, dropping it to the floor and standing proudly naked. The maid's eyes widened and she smiled as she looked Astrid up and down. It was clear she had a special customer here.
Astrid took control. 'Never mind the room, just service me!' And with that she reached out to take the maid's hand and led her to the bed. She sat down at the edge and pulled Ariana gently down by both hands so that she was kneeling in front of her, between her spread legs. Astrid looked down and nodded as if to say 'do your duty'. She knew it was bold to demand but she had a hunch she wouldn't be disappointed. Sure enough Ariana smiled up at her new mistress and moved her face closer. Astrid's pussy was ripe and ready, juices already lubricating her in anticipation. Suddenly she felt warm plentiful lips on her lower tummy, gently kissing along the top of her bikini line and then down to her upper thighs. Then she felt a warm moist tongue tracing its way along the top of her legs and up the side of her pussy lips then down the other side.
By now she was aching to be kissed right in her core but for a few more moments the maid just teased her, planting tiny kisses from her lips and tip of the tongue. Astrid gasped with pleasure and arched her body forwards, desperate for more. Then suddenly the warm wet tongue slid between the swelling pussy lips and thrust inside, licking the first honey wetness. Astrid by now had given up her body to be devoured - enjoying another woman's touch for a change from being pounded by some hard cock. Ariana's tongue worked expertly, diving into the warm wet pussy and flicking the swollen clit, causing Astrid to moan and buck with delight as she lost control, the first spasm sending her to the edge, making her juices squirt out in a quick rhythmic flood, running out between her legs as she came uncontrollably, while the maid licked and sucked and drank every drop.
Astrid lay back on the bed, satisfied but still horny. She wanted to return the favour. She beckoned Ariana to her side then leaned over to undress her new lover. The maid's uniform was easy to unbutton and within moments she had exposed smooth tanned skin, white bra barely holding well rounded breasts, and tiny panties from which dark curly hair peeped out. Astrid quickly undid the bra and sat the maid up so that her firm breasts stood proudly to attention, nipples already firm. Astrid caressed them gently until they became harder and Ariana began to moan.
Then Astrid told her to stand up and pose for some photos. Ariana grinned and didn't pause for a moment. Now dressed only in her white panties she paraded around the room and struck various poses, including a particularly erotic position, leaning over thrusting out her almost bare buttocks and fleshy pussy lips, with the white thong cleft in between. That was it! Time to return the favour.
Astrid then led her to the bed, pushed her down on the sheets and sat astride her. She leaned close and kissed her full on the lips, tasting her own juices on the other girl's lips. Next she gently kissed and licked Ariana's firm round breasts until the nipples were fully erect. Now she wanted full flesh on flesh.
She reached down the woman's tanned body and pulled down the tiny thong, exposing the little well-trimmed triangle of dark hair above the shaven pussy, which was somehow so erotic in these times of extreme waxing and nudity, as if the maid were still natural and pubescent. It reminded her of school days with Amanda when they were both adolescent, relishing becoming women. At that point Astrid grabbed her phone from the bedside table and took more photos to send to her friend later. Ariana didn't object and lay in a series of sensual poses, full frontal nude, completely unashamed and apparently loving the attention. She even stroked her own pussy while Astrid took more snaps.
Then there was a noise at the window. Astrid looked up and saw the boy from the next room looking in. Ariana looked embarrassed at first and covered her breasts and pussy but Astrid told her to relax and invited the boy in. He was wearing only swimming trunks and both girls saw he was hard and ready. They looked at each other and grinned then both stood up, posing nude for him as he approached the bed. As he reached them Astrid pulled down his trunks releasing the eager young cock. Perhaps it was her imagination but it seemed bigger than last time. Anyway it would do. She was now aching to be fucked again.
She gave her phone to Ariana and told her to take photos of them as she spread herself for the boy. He didn't waste time and soon his cock was inside Astrid's wetness. She opened her legs wide and took him fully in, enjoying being taken by a man again. He kissed her mouth and breasts as he pounded her, while the maid took photos. But when she felt the young man push harder inside and start to tremble she pushed him away, out of her and told him to wait. 'Her turn!' she said, pointed to the naked maid and taking the phone.
Astrid stood and watched as Ariana knelt down on the bed to present her beautifully rounded ass to him. The throbbing cock pushed up between the butt cheeks as she spread herself for him and he took her from behind. Astrid then took more photos as the boy thrust into the Latina babe whose pussy was now dripping and aching. (Astrid made a mental note to invite Ariana to join her at one of the parties in the penthouse, sure that she would make it even more fun).
They all knew the young guy wouldn't last long so they waited until he was losing control and Astrid pulled him away and knelt down next to Ariana just in time to catch the boy's load as he spurted over their buttocks, his cum spattering over both of them as they giggled with delight. He watched in disbelief as they kissed each other, wiped off the cum from their rears and licked it from their fingers. Then they sent him away, now that he was no use to them.
Next they locked in a passionate embrace, kissing deeply and caressing each other all over, which only made them hornier until there was only one option. They positioned themselves in a sixty-nine and licked and kissed each other's eager pussies and clits until they both shuddered to a final orgasm. They drank each other dry and rolled over side by side.
They swapped numbers and Astrid promised to send the photos later and to invite her new friend to join her again, preferably with a couple of men. Ariana said that if necessary she would invite one of the guys from the bar or kitchen - she had fucked most of them, she confessed. And she recommended the gym, where Astrid was planning to go next.
For the gym Astrid wore a tiny pair of black shorts (without underwear), matching sports bra and bright white new sneakers. She knew it might be a good opportunity to show herself off again.
The gym was empty except for two of the male trainers who stood and greeted her as she came in. She saw them both briefly look her up and down, surely admiring her fit body in its skimpy outfit. She smiled and declined their offer of help but knew they would have to sit nearby in case she, as the customer, needed anything.
She started on the treadmill, setting a running pace to warm up, looking over now and again to see if they were watching - they were. Then she did a few stretches and exercises on the mat. As she moved she could feel her shorts riding up so that more of her buttocks became exposed; instead of tweaking them back into place she made a point of showing off her backside to them at every opportunity. As usual the exhibitionist in her took over and she turned herself on, sensing a glow inside, a growing wetness in her pussy and hardening nipples.
She decided it was time to make use of the fit young men so she asked them for some hands-on help with exercises. They both came close and one began to give her some instructions but she pretended not to get it and asked him to help move her body into the position. As he gently held her arms, shoulders, lower back and waist while taking her through the movements she managed to push her body against him, rubbing herself against his groin. He was wearing tight shorts and she felt a bulge there. The other guy noticed and grinned. Then she reached out to him too and stroked her palm across his chest and down to his pants. He was already hard and she could feel the shape of his cock.
'You know what exercise I really need?' she asked. 'Fuck me. Both of you'. They didn't need asking twice. Soon there were hands all over her, caressing her breasts and buttocks, fingers stroking her pussy through the shorts. She pulled away and stripped off as they watched, then lay naked on an exercise mat. 'One in each end.' They both grinned at each other and her then undressed quickly. One keeled down between her spread legs and began to lick her naked swelling pussy lips. The other straddled her face and slid his hardening cock into her eager mouth.
It didn't take long until she had two hard cocks in her, one pumping inside her pussy and one deep in her mouth. And they didn't last long either. The one pounding deep into her began thrusting hard and she felt him tremble and harden as he came close - and at the last moment he pulled out and sent several spurts of cum over her stomach and pussy. At the same time the other guy tensed inside her mouth and she licked the head of his throbbing penis with her warm tongue until he couldn't wait any more and pulled out of her mouth just in time to squirt a heavy load over her face and into her open mouth.
The men quickly dressed, worried that another customer might come in, but Astrid lay naked a little longer on the floor, licking the cum off her lips and wiping it from her tummy and licking her fingers. Then she finished herself off as they watched, flicking her expert fingertips over her wet clit until she bucked and came with a moan, juices seeping out from her hot wet pussy.
She stood up, posed naked for them once more, then pulled on her outfit. She smiled at the men and said, 'Thanks for the workout, just what I needed. See you next time.' One replied, 'Any time, babe. We do massage too.' He handed her a card. The other guy added, 'Yeah and we can do room service for you.' So she gave them her room number, kissed them both on the mouth and told them to come that night at 11. And she told herself she would leave her red panties on the balcony for the boy in the next room. Three young men at once - now that would make Amanda envious...