Sarah Clarke's escapades of the past year or so had seemingly caught the attention of the whole country, to add to the considerable reputation she'd built up overseas. It wasn't uncommon to read columns by journalists who attempted to dissect the nation's attitude to this new sexual phenomenon which was taking the nation by storm. There was one such column in today's 'Daily Light' newspaper, which I'd just picked up from our doormat after I'd heard it arrive this morning.
Typically, critiques of Sarah were disparaging and disgusted and when I saw the author, I expected more of the same. But I was intrigued by the title of the piece:
'Why Sarah Clarke may just be a feminist heroine, by Belinda Charles'
Belinda Charles was a lady in her sixties who had been a ferocious feminist of the man-hating variety throughout the seventies and eighties. She'd seemingly mellowed in her later years and these days was a regular on daytime TV and early evening quiz shows, becoming more famous for being famous than any of her achievements in younger life.
"I'll confess," it started, "to surprising myself as much as I'll be surprising you with this column today. I've just witnessed a situation which is a direct result of Sarah Clarke's, how shall I put it ... activities. And which, I believe, is a sign of a much healthier relationship between women and sex which I'd hope and expect will lead to women finally being able to enjoy their sexuality with honesty and without shame.
"I saw a statistic last week which astounded me. I have no idea how they work these things out, but apparently over fifty percent of the adult population of this country has watched some of Miss Clarke's material. Of those, over forty percent watched again.
"This isn't a percentage of teenage boys, or dirty old men -- of those who have admitted to watching, nearly half are female.
"I know! I didn't believe it either. But I'm told the figures are reliable.
"So, presented with this information, there was really only one thing to do. I spent an evening watching some of this material myself.
"It was certainly not hard to find -- whether by design or not, Sarah Clarke and her associates appear to have infiltrated every corner of the internet. Her encouragement of her audience to record their own footage however they feel like it, and to distribute that however they feel fit, has resulted in a situation where you can see this very attractive young lady doing just about anything within a few mouse clicks.
"I'm old enough to remember people serving jail terms for being involved in activities not half as explicit as Miss Clarke has made her name for. But I'm prepared to concede that we live in a very different world than the one I grew up in. For better or for worse.
"Rather than sample her work through the eyes of one of the many, many appreciation or fan sites that have sprung up around her, I thought that in order to judge fairly, I should see her work as she presents it herself. So, I joined what must now be a significant number of people - many of you reading this article - in paying for a monthly subscription to her website. Of course, I can claim that back as an expense of my job, but it's quite a trifling amount, all things considered.
"What did I find? Everything you'll have read about, if you haven't witnessed with your own eyes. It's all true. She really does all that stuff. And, I'll admit, in my younger years the lady, her website, her fans and her attitude would have been condemned -- damned to hell if I'd written a column like this having witnessed what she gets up to.
"But -- and here's the thing -- I came away from watching all that Sarah Clarke does without any hollow feeling that I'd been forced to look through a window at a veiled scene of exploitation. Without any feeling that anyone had been taken advantage of, pushed into doing anything they didn't want to do in any way.
"Don't get me wrong. Some of the things she and her cohorts do with such relish truly turn my stomach. But I've been unfortunate enough to witness some awful scenes and some truly exploited young ladies put through some quite disturbing acts for the gratification of those behind the camera. This was totally different. At no point during any of the scenes I watched did I see any sign of anyone doing anything which wasn't very clearly of their own free will.
"Indeed, quite the opposite. Much as I'd be the first to point out if my findings were to the contrary, the fact is it's without doubt that all the participants in Sarah Clarke's dirty deeds -- her ex-students, her friend and her daughter -- who also, I believe, is one of Miss Clarke's ex-students, any number of young men who have become public fornicators overnight, even her husband -- they're all having a whale of a time.
"I'm going to be honest with you. In younger years I would not have allowed any of that to get in the way of my vitriol. Back then I knew everything, of course. But in my advanced, and I'd hope, wiser years, all I can say is this:
"I don't see anything wrong with what Sarah Clarke has done. And continues to do.
"There, I said it. I can already feel the disapproval of most of my peers. But I'm being honest.
"Sarah Clarke is not the cause of any of society's problems. She, very clearly, is absolutely in charge of everything that she does. She's in control of all the pictures and videos you may find of her.
"I'll say this again -- she very obviously enjoys everything that she does. Would I enjoy doing that stuff? Probably even less than any of you would enjoy watching it! But that shouldn't and doesn't mean that it's wrong.
"And, furthermore, I'm prepared to propose that having a role model like Sarah Clarke, who so obviously holds all of the power in her dealings with so many men, is not necessarily a bad thing for the young females of today.
"Of course, I'd doubt that many of them would want to entertain busloads of gentlemen as is Miss Clarke's wont, but anyone who witnesses how she can hold the patriarchal menace - that a gathering of so many men can so easily become - in the palm of her hand, couldn't fail to understand the power that most women have no idea they can access.
"I'm not for a moment suggesting that girls should use their sexual attractiveness as a weapon. But the surprising situation I witnessed, as I mentioned earlier, was this:
"I was over at my daughter's house, having dinner with her and her family. She has two daughters of her own, my grandchildren, both in their early twenties. Both are single. The conversation turned to Miss Clarke and her well-publicised activities.
"I was very surprised to learn that both the girls were subscribers to Miss Clarke's website. And even more so to learn that my own daughter, although not a subscriber, regularly watched, courtesy of her daughter's accounts.
"My surprise came from an assumption that my daughter's family life was probably a carbon copy of my own experience of parenting her. Despite my attempts to grasp liberation and free love with the enthusiasm of some of my 'sisters', I'd never managed to shake the sense of self consciousness and awkwardness of my own body, when I was inclined to try.
"And thus, despite my real inclination to have a strong enough relationship with my daughter that we'd be able to discuss sex frankly and openly, I'll confess to failing miserably. Until now.
"Until recently I know my daughter had been the same as me. But it seems that her own daughters had no such crutches, and Sarah Clarke bursting into our collective consciousness had been embraced by both girls immediately. And according to them, a lot of their friends had felt the same way.
"The situation they described sounded like an unlikely utopia to me. Groups of friends, both male and female, comfortable and able to express their sexual interests and leanings like I might have discussed my favourite TV show or author. And all of them embracing Sarah Clarke and her friends as very much a positive influence.
"And my daughter had reported the same findings, after also becoming a fan of Miss Clarke's work. I know my daughter well, of course. And I trust her decision making. So, the fact she was so relaxed about her daughters' acceptance of this 'sex as entertainment' attitude -- and indeed her own acceptance of the same, was enough for me to decide to investigate myself.
"So, there we have it. No matter how distasteful we may find the activities of Miss Clarke and her peers, no matter the urge to push her to the background along with all the other unpleasant and unpalatable things we've tolerated over the years, Sarah Clarke is, I'm convinced, here to stay. I'm expecting her, and perhaps those she influences, to be around for years to come.
"And what's more, I suspect she's going to become the first real sex celebrity of our times -- certainly in this country. She's already most of the way there, in my opinion.
"So, before we despair for the direction of the country and the future of our children, consider this.
"Pornography has traditionally been a pretty dark, seedy and almost totally male-centric world. That sleazy closed shop has in the past twelve months been blown apart by one young lady and her husband, with their enormous libidos. If we accept that porn is always going to exist -- and I think that's a given -- isn't it refreshing that the main player in this country is a beautiful young lady, rather than a dirty old man?
"Sarah!" I called excitedly, having read and re-read this unexpectedly positive piece.
"What?" came the groggy reply. Sarah was much less of a morning person than I was.
I walked into the bedroom where Sarah was looking stunning as usual, naked on top of the duvet due to the unseasonably warm weather we were enjoying. I almost forgot why I was there; such was the distraction of her perfect curves which I knew were all mine to feast upon whenever I chose.
"What?" she laughed.
"Oh right, yeah. Check this out!" I tossed the paper to her, folded back to the page of the column. Sarah read and digested the words with increasing pleasure, a smile spreading across her face as she got to the end.
"Wow!" she beamed, proudly. "She really doesn't hate me, does she?"
It couldn't be argued that most of the commentaries on Sarah Clarke came from a position starting at distaste, but usually at least bordering on absolute hatred. This was such a breath of fresh air. Despite never noticing any weight on her shoulders, I did notice a lifting of sorts from her persona from that time onwards.
That continued over the coming days. It seemed that there was positive sentiment about Sarah and her filthy material -- much more so than we could have guessed. Belinda Charles, whilst not exactly opening the floodgates, had certainly set a position which it seemed others were now able to concur with.
Freshly buoyed by this shift in public opinion, Sarah and I turned our minds to our wedding plans. Unsurprisingly, it was to be an unconventional one.
Having access to such a large number of people who were sympathetic to our interests and attitudes had made it a lot easier, but the logistics had still been challenging. However, the day had arrived, and everything was in place.
We had exclusive access to Calthorn Manor, a very large and luxurious stately home which usually commanded a six-figure fee to hire for the day, as we'd done. However, when it became clear what the plans for the day and night were, and that the owner was welcome to attend, the price dropped dramatically.
The upstairs of the building was off-limits to all but Sarah and I, but the many reception rooms and large function halls were set up to comfortably accommodate all of the three hundred plus guests who had been lucky enough to receive an invite. There were three bars, a large kitchen, and people on hand to take coats, park cars, fetch drinks -- any little luxury you could think of.
Every person who attended that day, from staff to guests and even through to the registrar who performed the ceremony, was fully subscribed to the theme of the day. Most were subscribers to the website. Many were already known to us, from Sarah's ex-students to some of the publishing team from Aphrodite.
Neither Sarah nor I had invited any family. For differing reasons we'd both long since lost touch. Nor had we kept in touch with many friends. The only person I invited, outside our new 'professional' circle, was my friend Nick.
Nick had been present on the night I'd first met Sarah, and so it seemed apt that he be there for our wedding. I realised we hadn't actually spoken since that night, so it was with real warmth that I greeted him and his wife, Collette, as they ascended the grand steps to the open doors of the venue.
Collette had always struck me as quite plain, but today she looked magnificent, auburn hair bouncing off her shoulders in ringlets, and strikingly blue eyes looking up at us with warmth and perhaps a hint of awe. I'd noticed that look in quite a few people as Sarah's fame had spread, she was quite the superstar these days.
I left Collette handing her jacket to one of the staff and wandered off with Nick, pleased with the opportunity to catch up and surprised how much I'd missed talking to him. When reminded of the night Sarah and I had met, where Nick had ended up with two quite rough looking Blondes, he laughed.
"Yeah, Collette wasn't too happy about that!"
Nick's relationship with his wife Collette had always seemed intriguing to me back then but having now spent a year with Sarah, nothing really seemed out of the ordinary. Nick always had plenty of extra marital relationships, and yet, to the outsider, he'd never seemed to suffer any consequences, the pair of them always seemed happy.
Behind the scenes, clearly all had not been as it had seemed, and Nick told a tale of a marriage teetering on the brink of divorce, due to his many extra-marital indiscretions. Interestingly, his admission that he knew me, and was there the night I'd met the famous Sarah Clarke, had been the saving of their marriage. Collette had, it transpired, a hitherto undiscovered and voracious appetite for the type of pornography my wife-to-be excelled in producing.
Since then, it sounded like Nick's sex life had taken a dramatic turn for the better.
"The only problem is, mate, I still owe her," Nick muttered, a little begrudgingly.
"Owe her what?" I questioned.
"She only knows about half of the stuff I got up to. But that's twelve different times I was unfaithful. I promised her she could do the same, you know. But she said that wasn't enough, said for every one I'd had, she wanted two. What was I meant to do? I mean, I love her, don't I."
"So, you agreed?" I said with a hint of amusement.
"Yeah," Nick sighed. "I mean, how are you supposed to come to terms with something like that? Letting her get all intimate with someone else. Turns my stomach, when I think about it."
"I've got quite a bit of experience in that area," I laughed.
"Oh, sorry, yes, of course you do."
"No need to apologise. I'm marrying her, aren't I?"
"I know. But how do you do it? I mean, watching some random just rock up to your missus, and stick his cock in her?"
"I used to find the idea pretty hot, to be honest, but the reality seemed a bit, yeah, wrong. But once it happened, that was it, the dam broke. I wouldn't have her any other way now."
"I don't blame you mate. I mean, Collette's getting pretty adventurous recently. Mostly after watching your girl. But Sarah, she's something else. What a fucking woman you've got there, how the fuck did you manage that?"
I shrugged.
"I mean, I hope you don't mind me saying, I guess you're used to it. But what a fucking slut! In a good way, of course. I couldn't fucking believe the shit she did on your holiday -- she's such a cock-hungry little thing!"
"She is that," I grinned. "But it sounds like you've got yourself one now, too. Or you will have, once she's had her twenty-four cocks you've promised her!"
A look of shock broke over Nick's face.
"Shit. Twenty-four. I don't know if I can her taking handle even one."
"Well, I think you might find out today," I suggested. I gestured over Nick's shoulder, where Collette was talking animatedly with Juliet and her new boyfriend, a good-looking man in his thirties. Juliet had a voracious appetite for sex with both men and women, and I knew where she'd like to take the conversation -- and no doubt her boyfriend wouldn't object to that.
"Jesus, that's the young girl, I've seen her... I've seen you fucking her!"
"And a lot of other men, if you've watched all of her stuff," I smiled. Juliet had her hand on Collette's arm, and her eye contact suggested she was holding a deep and meaningful conversation, despite them having only just met.
"It looks like she's taken a shine to your wife there. Think about it this way, If Collette's interesting in broadening her horizons today, and doesn't mind you doing the same, I don't think you'll be short of opportunities..." We both scanned the room.
We'd set the bar high as far as dress code for today. Everyone was impeccably adorned with exquisite and expensive looking outfits. Most of the ladies wore hats and elegant dresses, albeit with a lot of cleavage on show and lots of thigh-high splits showing flashes of elegant underwear. Every man sported a well fitted suit.
Many of the guests were there by appointment, having applied via the website. And all had submitted a written application and provided a photo. Similar to the way Holly and Juliet had selected the participants in their recent gangbang, Sarah had painstakingly examined each application, often calling me in for a second opinion. In this way, the guest list was born.
I was fascinated in just how many female applicants there were. The world appeared to have changed a lot since I was in my twenties, which was overwhelmingly the age range of most of the invitees. Not only the fact that women subscribed to Sarah's site, which pretty exclusively focussed on large numbers of men attending to one or two women, but the fact that these were very, very attractive people.
Obviously, Sarah's vetting process had, as non-politically correct as it was, ensured a certain attractiveness was the norm. But it was not difficult to achieve this, as there were so very many applicants of that level or attractiveness to choose from. We could have filled the place many times over with a similar standard of person.
Sarah had been quite careful to try to root out the chancers and five-minutes-of-fame types, of which there had been many. She'd thrown so many extremely attractive looking types onto what she called the 'love island' pile, where the plastically attractive, vacant personality types belonged.
It looked like she'd done a good job. Every lady seemed to be pleased to be there, excited by the prospect of the day. And all looked to be someone I'd have no problem getting to know better, personally or physically. Every male attending had made the effort too -- cleanly shaven, smart suits, polished shoes.
"Shit mate," Nick giggled. "How the fuck have you done this. It's like a celebrity wedding or something."
The guests had started arriving from 11am, and the ceremony was due to start at 3pm. Initially, things went quite formally. You could have easily mistaken the event for any old wedding.
The numbers had been very carefully decided upon. Whereas you might think that even numbers of women and men might be a desirable target, this feeling would ignore the preferences of Sarah, her maid of honour Annette, and her bridesmaids, Holly and Juliet. So, a ratio of three men for every two girls was decided upon. This, Sarah had reasoned, meant that no woman would be unattended to, and the guys wouldn't feel like they had to out-compete each other like some sort of 'chimpanzee mating ritual'.
All the female bar 'staff', who were effectively guests themselves, had been given uniforms of our choosing. I'd been delighted that Sarah had agreed with my choice -- a traditional Bavarian 'Dirndl', sported by busty beauties at the traditional German Oktoberfest. Those who were performing this role had volunteered, and all were very aware that this was their costume for the evening. All the girls seemed pleased with how they looked, but not half as pleased as those they served.
The male bar staff were, at Sarah and Annette's instruction, wearing very simple outfits of tight black trousers, white shirt, waistcoat and bow tie. Pretty standard, traditional barman attire.
We'd instructed everyone that they could help themselves to anything they liked, the staff were only there to serve -- no money was changing hands. As the alcohol flowed, so the ice was slowly broken. The first sign, to the casual observer, that this was no ordinary wedding was Annette inviting the young man who'd brought over her double gin and tonic to feel her breasts. She chatted to him amiably, running her hand up the inside of his thigh and very obviously caressing his cock through his tight trousers as he enthusiastically took up the invitation to delve into her low-cut dress and thoroughly caress each nipple and knead each breast for a little while.
Some others took the cue from this, and I watched on with interest as a couple took great interest in one of the Oktoberfest wenches, the female taking particular interest in the bar maid's impressive cleavage, leading to her freeing one of her breasts and suckling passionately on a nipple as her partner watched on.
But, in the main, everyone was pretty well behaved. The atmosphere was very clearly heating up as everyone enjoyed the free alcohol, and the views of superb bodies, elegantly clothed as they were. It felt like it was a tinderbox waiting to go off -- it just needed the spark.
The ceremony started exactly on time at 3pm. The registrar was, unsurprisingly, another member of the site, who happened to be legally authorised to perform civil ceremonies. As tradition dictated, I'd not laid eyes on Sarah that day. She'd also kept the dress she was to wear from me, so I had no idea what to expect. Bizarrely, I felt a flutter of nervousness as I watched the clock tick past three p.m.
She only kept me waiting for a couple of minutes, and the traditional 'here comes the bride' music began as she emerged through white netting at the far end of the room. Watching her approach, I felt a wave of emotion overcoming me, she looked so perfect.
Holding a traditional bouquet, her eyes were fixed on mine as she approached, slowly and deliberately in time with the music. The shine in her eyes was matched by mine, we were both close to tears. Her dress was a traditional one -- white, with a long train which was carried by Holly and Juliet. It was strapless, and she had a lovely amount of cleavage on display -- probably more than you'd expect from a virginal bride, but probably less than you'd expect from Sarah Clarke.
We exchanged our vows, and we each shed tears as the registrar stated our commitment to each other. There were also tears in the audience, many of the women in particular dabbing their eyes with a handkerchief. Finally came the exchanging of the rings, and the famous words:
"You may now kiss the bride."
We did exactly that, exchanging a passionate kiss in front of our large audience. After fifteen seconds or so, I felt Sarah's hand rubbing the front of my trousers, and realised I was already hard. I now realised the reason for the elegant, upholstered chair which was directly behind where we'd exchanged rings. Sarah led me over to it, still kissing me passionately and rubbing my erection. Loosening my belt and unbuttoning the top button, she then yanked my trousers and boxer shorts down in one motion, causing my rock hard cock to spring back in front of all of our guests and slap her on the underside of her chin.
Sarah then pushed me back, so I was sitting in the chair facing the audience. Holly and Juliet then performed what must have been a rehearsed motion of gathering Sarah's many layers of skirt, holding them high and revealing my new wife's cunt, beautifully framed by snow white stockings and suspenders, with a black garter belt topping off the look.
The registrar approached me with a smile, and said, loudly and clearly:
"You may now fuck the bride!"
Sarah had her back to me and was facing the front of the room as she lowered herself down on my cock. I sighed with pleasure as I entered her for the first time. I had to lean around to see our audience, and all eyes were fixed on my penis pushing inside Sarah's lovely tight cunt. This only lasted for about thirty seconds or so. Sarah dismounted me, and turned to face me, eyes as hungry as I'd seen them. I knew what was coming.
"I needed you to be the first," she explained lovingly. "But it would be pretty hot to..."
I laughed. I'd not expected anything different, in fact I was touched that I'd been given the opportunity to be first. We'd discussed how beautifully filthy it would be to exchange rings whilst Sarah was getting pounded from behind by strangers, or for me to slip her wedding ring onto a semen-drenched finger, as had been the case with her engagement ring.
"It would." I smiled. "I think we all need to see what a slut my wife can be in her wedding dress," I had forgotten that microphones were projecting our words so that those at the back could hear, and it prompted a roar as everyone realised the real action was about to begin.
What followed was by far the filthiest, amazingly horny day of any we'd had so far. Sarah's dress allowed for the detachment of her many layered skirts, and after these were shed, she looked superb. He sported a short white petticoat of sorts, no knickers and her breasts pulled free of their constraints - but the corset top of her dress still pushing them skywards.
The first of our guests to sample Sarah's married cunt was the registrar, bending her over and slipping into her easily. As she visibly melted with the feeling of this cock pushing into her from behind, her eyes darted around for a cock to fill her mouth. She didn't have long to wait, as the congregation edged closer, willed on by her eager smile.
I left her to it, safe in the knowledge that Dave_photo and his son Alex were, as ever, going to record all the action.
The room very slowly and very steadily descended into an amazing display of uninhibited, exhibitionistic sex before my eyes. Everyone had different levels of confidence. For some, seeing Sarah light the touchpaper was all it had taken, and there were small pockets of people dotted around where, judging by the huddles that were forming, those who liked an audience were starting their performance.
This gave the slightly less confident a nudge, and thus more and more guests shed their inhibitions. I found Nick, and the pair of us stood at the main bar at the back of the room, watching on as events unfolded.
"Pretty generous of you, allowing all the guests free use of your wife," he winked. Sarah, predictably, had four cocks on the go, one in each hand to add to the two she was dealing with front and back.
"I just wanted to check; in case it comes up... I'm going to be honest and say I wouldn't be averse to sampling Sarah's talents myself, if the opportunity arose. I'm going to guess you'd be OK with that, given, you know..."
I did know, it was an incontrovertible fact -- my new wife was, when the mood took her, available and very happy to be fucked by anyone who took her fancy. And currently that meant any of the guests we'd invited. Even so, there's something strange about your best friend asking if it's OK to fuck your wife. I decided to turn it around.
"How about this. Collette's looking to even the score with you. If she's interested, I would love to fuck her?"
Nick looked a little taken aback, in fact he seemed to pale a little. He thought for some time, quaffing heavily from his pint as he did so.
"Yeah, I guess I can't argue with that. But I think you might have to wait your turn." he looked a little crestfallen as he nodded over to the bar near the door, where Collette was talking enthusiastically with two young men who I thought might have been Sarah's ex-students. One of them had their hand fixed on her behind, and she was making no effort to remove it. Directly to her right, Juliet, who Collette had been talking to earlier, was perched upon the bar, drinking champagne with her legs wide apart as an unidentified female's head bobbed between her legs.
"Listen mate," I said with a note of sympathy. "I get that it's weird. But you've really got two choices. Kick up a fuss, storm out, maybe break up your marriage. Or relax, let Collette do her thing, and make the most of all of this." I gestured around the room. Almost by the minute another development occurred, in twosomes, threesomes and larger groups, all the guests had begun to really let their hair down.
"If I was you, I'd go over there, let Collette know you love her. Give her your blessing to do whatever she wants to do. And, if you can, enjoy what happens next. I know you like a bit of porn. Imagine watching a live porn show, starring your own wife. I get to do that all the time, and it never gets old.
Nick had finished his drink. He turned to the girl working behind the bar, a buxom brunette whose nipples were ever so close to popping free of her Oktoberfest outfit. She was happily sipping on champagne and seemed to be enjoying watching proceedings develop just as we were.
"Well, if it isn't the famous Mr Sarah Clarke!" she teased as she poured us both another pint. Nick also got her to prepare a gin and tonic, and he headed over to the other side of the room. The barmaid, whose name was Charlene, appeared by my side with a freshly topped up glass.
We watched as Nick brought his wife her drink, and she kissed him very passionately. They exchanged words for a few minutes, before she threw her arms around him and gave him another long, deep kiss. As they kissed, Collette's hands snaked out either side of her, finding the front of her male friends' trousers, rubbing slowly and deliberately whilst she continued to kiss her husband.
As they broke away, Collette continued to talk. All we could see was the back of Nick's head, so I could only picture his expression, but I envisioned a look of shock would be the likely one, as Collette, without even looking at their owners, had freed a hard cock from the trousers of each of her suitors, and was deliberately wanking each, whilst still talking to Nick.
"Oh, that's so hot. Do you know her?"
I explained my relationship with Nick to Charlene, and how he was reticent to see his wife behave as she was now starting to do, but that he owed her the chance to enjoy herself in a liberated manner.
"Only fair!" she agreed, when she'd heard the full story. "But that's not something many men can get their heads around, is it? Not everyone's like you -- look what can happen when a sexy chick gets free reign to do whatever she wants. Sarah Clarke is a lucky, lucky lady."
This was something I'd heard before, and it always made me laugh. Out of myself and Sarah, I was clearly the one who was overachieving. But several women had stated the same as Charlene, so there was obviously some value in what they'd said.
I chatted with Charlene for a while, not bothering to hide my interest in her pretty impressive cleavage, which she welcomed - even going so far as to free both nipples so they were poking over the top of the sexy dress. Her story reminded me a little bit of Annette's, she'd had a relationship quite young, and had two young children. Her partner hadn't stuck around, and even when he had been there he wasn't particularly interested in Charlene, physically.
Reading about Sarah, all her scandals and the naughty stuff she got up to had awakened a curiosity in Charlene which had grown with every video, picture or article she came across. It was gratifying hearing just how much Sarah had affected her life.
Charlene had applied to come along today on a whim, had been amazed when she was invited, and had nearly backed out when the day had come. But she'd decided to come and do the barmaid stuff, as she could always just focus on her 'job', and just observe everything else that went on. She was, she told me, actually quite shy, but had been inspired by Sarah's antics and loved to watch her do her thing.
Charlene's 'thing', it transpired, was to have sex outside, in front of an audience. This, I decided, was something I could help with. It was still beaming sunshine outside, and I led the buxom beer-serving wench across the room. She protested a little, but when I made to stop, she protested more, a glint in her eye, confidence boosted by the fact that, around us, people had begun fucking and sucking each other with impunity.
As we reached the door, I stopped for a moment to see how Nick was coping. Collette was spreadeagled on a brown leather couch. She still sported her elegant, emerald green dress, but her breasts had been freed, and Juliet was sucking passionately on one of her nipples. Her mouth was fully occupied by a thick cock belonging to Juliet's new boyfriend. In her hand she held another firm erection, belonging to a lad who I recognised as Sean, one of Sarah's old students.
The high split in Collette's long dress had made it easy for her to open her legs, revealing lacy black stockings, which seemed to be standard uniform today. In between her long legs, another guest was frantically pumping his cock in and out of Collette's pussy, which had a lovely tuft of red hair adorning her otherwise smoothly waxed mound.
"You OK there mate?" I asked, half expecting a suicidal response. But Nick was enjoying the show.
"You know what, Dan. You fucking nailed it. I'm sitting here watching the best porn I could ever imagine; with the sexiest woman I've ever met."
Collette heard this and slipped the cock free of her mouth so she could voice her approval at Nick's surprising acceptance of his wife's new side.
"I could get used to this, Nicky," she smiled, as she continued to enjoy being fucked, her partner somehow keeping up his breakneck pace. "Oh, hi Dan!" She waved at me as if we were old friends, despite the fact we'd rarely spoken more than a few sentences. I guessed watching me fucking Sarah and others on the website made her feel more familiar with me somehow -- and indeed I noticed that lots of the guests had looked at me and smiled in the way you normally would greet a friend.
As she smiled, the cock in her other hand started to twitch, and Collette squealed in delight as a long stream of semen shot upwards, falling like thick, heavy rain on her expensive dress. She continued to wank this cock over her shoulder, sperm dribbling down her arm and coating her neck and chest. Juliet's boyfriend followed suit, Juliet noticed him starting to convulse and took over, wanking her boyfriend smoothly and deliberately, aiming at the side of Collette's face.
All of us stood transfixed as this unfolded, not least Nick. Charlene was the first to break the silence.
"Well, that was hot. Nick, your wife is stunning!" I felt like I should make an introduction, and so I made sure all those who I knew, Juliet, her boyfriend (John, I now discovered), Collette, Nick and Sean, met Charlene. It was quite a standard, formal introduction, if you had only heard it. But seeing the scene - gents with spent cocks, Collette sporting two loads of sperm on her face, neck and cleavage, and an unnamed suitor still fucking her fiercely - lent the conversation a totally different air. Charlene, for her part, hadn't adjusted the Dirndl, and both nipples still poked out attractively.
"Well," I said, casually, "Charlene here mentioned she'd like to get fucked outside, and she'd like an audience." She blushed but didn't correct me.
"I'm really nervous!" she stammered, as I led her towards the door.
"Just say if you don't want to..."
"No! I'm going through with it now. There are so many people here already living out their fantasies. I'd never forgive myself if I missed this opportunity."
We'd walked down the majestic steps and moved around the building. There were a few people outside, but not many, just those who wanted a cigarette or some fresh air. We reached a small clearing, where there were several benches in a row, all facing the beautiful view over the huge gardens. There was a set of three swings, hung beneath strong wooden stanchions, about ten feet in front of the benches.
"How do you want this to work?" I asked Charlene.
"I'd like it if you could take control, if you don't mind? I want to be exposed, humiliated a little bit I guess."
"You like being called names?"
"Yes, I would like that, I think. Really dirty names. And I'm up for pretty much anything. But I'd really love it if you would just offer me out, make sure everyone knows I'm available."
I'd been hard since exchanging vows with my wife, but this sexy little thing, asking me politely if I minded organising her public exposure as a sex object, had my cock throbbing ever more urgently.
"Anything you don't like?"
"I'm up for anything that Sarah does. I don't want anyone to hurt me -- I don't mind holding my head back with my hair -- love that. But I don't want to be slapped in the face, spat on, anything like that. I think I wouldn't mind it if people wanted to pee on me, though, that's hot!"
I now had a good picture of what this little slut wanted and had an overwhelming urge to make sure she got it. My announcement inside that Charlene wanted an audience had resulted in a small group following, Nick, Collette, Juliet and John, Sean, and whoever the lad who had been fucking Collette was. He must had had some stamina, as his cock was still poking out of the fly of his trousers, rock hard. He'd clearly not finished the work he was performing so diligently inside.
"Thanks for coming out," I began, turning to face the small audience, who found a comfortable spot, either on a bench or leaning on one. "Charlene here has come today because she wants everyone to witness what a dirty little fucking whore she is." I heard a sharp intake of breath, as she savoured the words.
"She needs to be treated like a fuck-toy, for anyone who feels like having some of this." I turned and pulled the front of her dress down, tearing the fabric a little. Both her breasts swung free.
"Look at these full, firm tits." I continued. "Take off your knickers," I instructed, with authority. Charlene immediately did as she was told, gathering up her dress and pulling her lacy white underwear down to her ankles, before handing it to me. I put the panties in my pocket.
"Juliet -- can you do me a favour please? We need to make sure this little whore is captured in all her glory. Can you go and get Dave or Alex to bring a camera out? And don't forget to take pictures yourselves, everyone, Charlene wants everyone to see just how dirty she is, so be sure to show all your friends." I was behind Charlene now, squeezing her breasts up and together, and she moaned as a few of the audience did as I suggested and took some snaps of her. Juliet started inside as I'd asked.
"See if you can round up a few more cocks for the whore whilst you are in there," I called after her. She smiled and nodded, bustling inside in her bridesmaid's dress.
"Let's give everyone a good look at your cunt," I said, matter-of-factly. I sat Charlene down on the swing, ensuring her dress was up around her waist. Taking each leg in turn, I pulled her foot onto the swing either side of her, resulting in her being spread open obscenely in front of everyone. Her vagina was totally bald, and she swung there, breasts free and cunt as open and accessible as it could have been.
Nick couldn't restrain himself.
"Fucking hell," he muttered.
Collette seemed to be enjoying this, and teased her husband, holding his cock firmly through his trousers.
"You like looking at this little whore, Nick?"
"Oh, I fucking do, Coll, I fucking do."
"Well, if I let you fuck her, how many cocks will that mean I have to take, before we're even?"
Nick shrugged, eyes fixed at the moist little hole spread in front of them, just waiting for attention.
"I'll tell you, shall I? You owed me twenty-four, because you are such a dirty, unfaithful bastard. But I fucked one, just now." She turned and smiled at the unnamed young man who was still fully erect and enjoying the sight of Charlene all spread out as much as the rest of us.
"Although..." Collette continued. "We never actually finished, so I'm sorry, but we can't count that one. So I guess that would mean I'd have to fuck twenty-six different men."
Collette was very deliberately, and mischievously, only counting cocks which had fucked her, she discounted the two who had just ejaculated over her before we'd stepped outside. Nick wasn't in any state of mind to put any brainpower into what she was saying.
"Collette, after what I've seen you doing just then, I'm converted. You can fuck anyone you like. Just as long as I can watch you."
With Nick having accepted his wife was destined for a life of supported infidelity, Collette took his hand and led him towards where Charlene was completely exposed. She sank to her knees without a word, and began feasting on the bald little pussy, her husband watching on in amazement.
"Fucking hell, Collette. I had no idea..." His wife was kissing and tonguing this stranger's vagina so passionately, all of us were a little taken aback with just how much she was into it. And Charlene had begun emitting little low moans, with gasps for air in between. Soon the low moans turned into little shrieks, as she started to really respond to Collette's attentions.
Juliet had returned, with Alex the photographer in tow. And she'd clearly drummed up a little interest, as four or five men were following, all responding with approval when they witnessed the show Collette and Charlene were putting on.
"Here's Alex with the camera, Charlene," I let her know, as her head was back and eyes closed, as she enjoyed Collette's attentions. "He's going to make sure you are all over the internet tomorrow. How do you like the sound of that?"
Charlene muttered something unintelligible.
"Louder, you fucking little whore, we didn't hear what you said. Tomorrow, anyone who feels like it is going to be able to watch you taking stranger's cock, all spread out like the slut that you are. What do you think about that?"
The description of her behaviour, together with Collette's expert cunnilingus, was bringing Charlene to climax, and it took her a few seconds to gather herself to reply.
"Oh, oh fucking hell, I'm such a little slut, aren't I?"
"You are Charlene. Such a little slut. How many women watch a bit of porn on the internet, and then decide they need a bit of that themselves? Just turning up at a place full of strangers and spreading yourself out, inviting any passer-by to fuck you?"
"Oh jesus!" The words were having at least as much an effect on Charlene as Collette's passionate tongue was. Alex had moved around to Charlene's face to record her reaction to the attention she was receiving.
"That's it, Alex, make sure everyone can see her. If you see this little whore walking down the street, or in the supermarket, don't forget what a cock-hungry little slut she likes to be. She's going to be loving the thought of thousands of men wanking over the sight of her spread open like this. Sorry -- I didn't get your name?"
I was looking at the lad who had been pounding Collette so effectively inside the house. His name was Mark.
"Charlene, Mark's going to come around and shove his cock in your mouth, it should stop you moaning so much," Mark obliged, and Charlene opened wide to accept his cock, which was pushed deeply to the back of her mouth, causing her to gag for a moment. He pulled away before repeating, as she got control over her gag reflex.
"Can you taste Collette's cunt on his cock, you filthy little bitch? I asked. She responded to the affirmative, muffled noises indicating her agreement. "Collette, you've done an amazing job getting her ready, but I think she needs a cock inside her now. Is that right, Charlene?" Charlene nodded, not releasing the cock from her mouth. Collette, face glistening with juice from this horny woman, pulled away and stood and kissed her husband Nick passionately, sharing the taste of the little barmaid slut with him.
"Can I?" Nick asked, eyes pleading with his wife.
"She's all yours, Nicky. Fuck her." Collette replied, eyes only for her husband at that point.
Nick didn't need asking twice and his cock was out in an instant. He stepped up and slid inside Charlene. Both Nick and Charlene groaned as she was penetrated right up to the hilt of Nick's rock-hard cock. Collette had prepared her so well there appeared to be almost no resistance, and Nick was right up inside her on the first stroke. Collette watched, seemingly entranced, as her husband's cock slipped in and out of this stranger so easily.
Charlene was fucked mercilessly for over an hour, taking six different cocks in that time. I worried that perhaps she was overwhelmed a couple of times, as she had a habit of going completely silent and almost motionless as she was fucked. But as soon as I suggested that she might have had enough, she vociferously disagreed, making sure that she was fucked by anyone who wanted to fuck her.
I invited passers-by and her audience to come up and have a grope of Charlene's breasts or tease her clit as she was fucked. She noticeably reacted each time I did that, loving the filthy situation of me offering up her body to anyone who fancied it.
Five out of the six cocks who fucked her left their sperm over her superb cleavage, neck and chin, with the last fucking her to what was an impressive mutual orgasm, Charlene whimpering as her final cock of the session pumped her full of sperm. I encouraged the audience to take pictures as the group around Charlene thinned, leaving her still wide open, swinging, her extremely wet pussy oozing a little sperm.
She just hung there like that for a few minutes, head back, listening to the comments as people headed back indoors to see what was happening. Eventually I moved over with the intention of helping her out of her awkward position, legs spread as they were over the swings. I realised that she was pretty much stuck like that, the only way I could see that she could free herself would involve what could be a painful thud onto the grass.
"I think I need to get some pictures of this," I said, reaching for my phone. There was no objection, Charlene simply hung there as I took several pictures from various angles. As I got around to her face, she looked me in the eye. She was smiling.
"Did you enjoy that then, Dan?"
"You are a natural, Charlene. How did it feel, having an audience like you asked for?" I helped her down from the swings, unhooking each leg and making sure it made contact with the ground, as she awkwardly held onto the chains of the swing.
"It was amazing!" she said genuinely, as we sat on the bench. Everyone else had gone inside.
"As good as you'd hoped for?" I asked.
"It was pretty fucking hot!" Charlene acceded. "Thanks for, you know, making sure everyone knew what I wanted. It was better than I thought it could be, if I'm honest. Just giving myself up totally for that time, wow! I loved it when you got everyone over to have a good feel, while I had two cocks on the go. But, sorry, this sounds so slutty - I had my head back and a mouthful of cock most of the time, so I didn't really see what was happening. Did you -- you know, did you fuck me?"
"I shook my head, laughing.
"That's the sign of a true slut. No idea who she's even been fucking. How many do you think you had?"
"I don't know. Three?"
"Try six," I smiled. "You have no idea who was watching you, who was fucking you. What a dirty little thing."
"Oh fucking hell Six?. Wow. I'm a bit embarrassed saying this, but..."
She looked like she was harbouring a big secret.
"What?" I wondered.
"I... Before today, I'd only ever had sex with... with one man."
"You mean one at a time?"
"No, I mean one man total!"
I was a bit taken aback.
"Are you serious?"
"Yep. It wasn't really a choice, just how things worked out. I never had that time, you know, at university, or on holiday or whatever. I missed out on all of that. Which is why it's so appealing, watching what Sarah gets up to, and coming here."
"Well, in half an hour you've started making up for lost time. I think you should get yourself back inside, see what else the day might bring. "
"I guess. I'm feeling a bit embarrassed, going back in there now. I have no idea who was watching me, even who might have just fucked me!"
"Pretty hot, isn't it?"
Charlene shrugged but the glint in her eye gave her away.
"It is, actually. Were you one of them? Dan? One of the six?"
"I was not," I smiled. "My job was crowd control, and making sure everyone knew what you wanted." Charlene mocked up a look of disappointment, doe eyes looking at me and her bottom lip protruding.
"Not hot enough for you?" she pouted, playing with her hair. I took her hand and placed it on my crotch, semi-voluntarily tensing a muscle down there and pushing a tent up in my trousers. Charlene gripped it firmly.
"You are more than hot enough, don't worry about that. Don't forget I'm not superhuman like some of you girls are, or eighteen years old like some of these guys. More than once in a day is a real challenge, and today is really only just beginning."
"I get it. Well, if you change your mind, I'd love you to be number seven!"
"I might just take you up on that!" I grinned.
Leading Charlene back inside, she broke away and headed back to the bar where we'd met. Not for the first time, I noticed lots of eyes on me. I took in the scene, which was simply breath-taking for someone with my particular interests. The juxtaposition between the expensive, elegant clothing which was hanging off most of the guests, and the blatant nature of the sexual acts many were now involved in, was striking.
Everyone was either fucking, sucking, groping, fingering, licking or, at least watching someone performing one of those acts. It was interesting to see the dynamic. Sarah had made sure to invite plenty of single people, and it appeared that most of those had followed Charlene's lead, and opted to take on one of the optional service roles for the evening. It must have been a pretty self-conscious situation for those who had come alone, so having the distraction of 'working' the bar, or carrying plates of food or drinks out to the tables.
As such, there was a bit of a weighting of couples inviting their 'servants' for the night to join them. I saw more than one woman enjoying the attentions of one of the Oktoberfest barmaids, getting a thorough tonguing whilst, I presumed, their partners fucked them from behind.
It was quite noticeable that there was more of a female feel to the tables around me. I should have guessed why that was. Up on the main stage area, Sarah was, predictably, surrounded by at least ten men.
I moved up to get a closer look. I couldn't physically get any harder, but I wondered for a moment if I might ejaculate just from the motion of the fabric of my trousers pushing against me as I walked up the stairs. As I got closer, I heard the familiar sound of my wife in full slut mode, egging on her suitors, telling them in no uncertain terms what she needed from them, and keeping things interesting by switching people around every few minutes.
Judging by the state of her wedding dress, and the moisture matting her once sleek black hair, she'd already relieved a large number of our guests of one load of sperm. She paused in her perennial quest to find more semen as she caught sight of me approaching.
"Dan! My husband!" she called with excitement. Her dress was still intact, it was pushed right up around her waist as she lay on the leather upholstered bench, one of many which had been brought in for the day. It was just at the right height for an average man's penis to comfortably plunge into whatever willing orifice was perched upon it, and my wife's orifices were, as usual, very willing.
Sarah grabbed a towel, wiping multiple thick loads of semen from her face, and waves me over.
"How's it going for you? The best wedding ever, right? Have you fucked anyone yet?" She was being rhythmically pushed towards me as someone continued to fuck her, and one of her hands absent-mindedly stroked a stranger's cock.
I told her about Charlene. She seemed almost disappointed to find that I'd just spectated on her outdoor session and hadn't fucked her myself.
"You really should try to keep up, husband dearest," she grinned.
"You know it's not that easy. If I could keep going forever, like you, I'd be fucking everyone here."
"Like me!" Sarah finished in delight. "But it sounds like a great idea that barmaid had. It's a beautiful day outside, we should be out there enjoying it!"
Sarah broke off from the young man dutifully fucking her, and stood, rivers of cum flowing down her body from where it had pooled in her neck and navel. Her wedding dress was sodden.
"Time to take the party outside!" she called. Only those closest to her could have heard as the music was quite loud, but the room followed her outside as she headed for the door.
It was decided that now was a good time for the traditional wedding photographs. This was a lot of fun -- Dave and Alex weren't shy in getting the models to flash or perform some sex act or another. And all the guests seemed delighted to oblige. People were grouped up as they saw fit -- the Oktoberfest girls in their Dirndls - many of them looking almost as ravaged as Charlene - and all of them very willing to pose firstly fully covered, but then flashing their breasts, and raising their skirts to reveal what was hidden beneath.
At Alex's suggestion, the male 'staff' joined them, and there were group photos where each of the girls' mouths were filled with cock. Various other groups posed in similar stages of undress -The maid of honour Annette, her daughter and friend, Sarah's ex-students and their partners, and lot of other groups were invited in front of the camera.
I noticed Nick watching on as his wife Collette posed with a group of men and women, so went over to see how he was doing.
"What happened to Collette?" I asked, amused at the sight of Nick's wife posing for pictures with a woman behind her, reaching around and cupping her pale, firm tits as she held a hard cock in each hand.
Nick had clearly been reconciling his feelings about all this and had been drinking fairly heavily whilst doing so.
"Dan!" Mate, what a fucking party. I tell you what, I know what happened to Coll. She's only turned into a fucking slut, hasn't she?" the words were celebratory. "She's doing things today I'd never even have thought of asking her before."
"And you're OK with it? You didn't seem to keen earlier."
"Oh, that! You were absolutely right, Dan, you have got your head screwed on mate. I've never seen her so happy. I fucked that little barmaid, right in front of my wife. She was whispering in my ear as I fucked her! And as long as I'm OK with Collette doing her thing, which by the way, I absolutely fucking am, I think we're going to be having a fun marriage in future. And I'll tell you another thing. I was worried about her fucking twenty-four men. Ha-ha! The way I feel right now, I'm happy if she wants to get fucked by twenty-four thousand!"
"That's quite a change -- are you sure it's not just the beer talking?" I laughed.
"Yeah, well no -- definitely a bit of the beer. But after that, before, you know, we've just sat and had the best talk we've ever had. All of a sudden it's like she's my mate, as well as my wife. And it turns out she's not so different from me -- bit of a perv. But she was never comfortable telling me. Then all of this, with you and Sarah, and it's like she's a whole different person. And she's saying there same about me, I don't think I've changed a bit!"
"Apart from letting her do stuff like that," I reminded him, nodding over to where Collette was trying to cram two cocks into her mouth at once for the wedding photos.
"Yeah, stuff like that," he said, a little wistfully. "I just goes to show," he continued, jovially, "if you can't beat them, join them!"
He jogged over to his wife, taking out his phone so he could get some pictures of his own.
The group around Sarah were gesturing over to me, and soon the bride and groom pictures began. There were some formalities to follow, and someone had sent inside for one of the leather upholstered benches to act as a table, upon which we signed the marriage certificates. Each of us had the same filthy ideas for the photos -- contrasting the usual image of the virginal bride signing herself into a life of boring monogamy with evidence of very different behaviour.
This ended up with some very unconventional webbing photos for the album. Generally, poses of the sort you'd see posted to social media after any wedding, but with the addition of a sex act of some kind. I recreated our wedding kiss, lovingly looking into her eyes, as Holly fingered Sarah. Another showed my wife holding her bouquet innocently, totally naked from the waist down with a large, ebony cock deep up inside her.
My favourite, which I had blown up and has pride of place on our mantlepiece to this day, was Sarah leaning over the 'desk' to sign her part of the certificate, looking amazing in the bright sunshine. On one hand she held the pen, and in the other she was holding up her hand, showing off her wedding ring. We'd asked if there were any volunteers to masturbate into her face at this most private and personal moment. There were plenty of volunteers. Dave readied himself with his camera and Annette and Holly volunteered to lend a hand, dropping to their knees and competing to see who could make their chosen target blow first.
The mother and daughter team both had superb technique, which I could vouch for having been lucky enough to sample both of their mouths on several occasions. Before long Annette's chosen cock looked ready to go off, and he stepped over. Just as he began, Holly's cock joined him.
When the photographs were emailed through, we were amazed with this one. My wife's beautiful face caught with an expression of sheer delight, looking up from signing her marriage certificate. She was holding up the ring, a sign of our true love, whilst two thick, white streams of semen struck each cheek simultaneously. We still have no idea who those cocks belonged to, and we sometimes wondered if they knew that we looked at them every day, and that picture was noticed and commented on by every guest who visited.
As the sun went down, proceedings moved inside. There was far too much debauchery to document, but the alcohol flowed, and the music played, and everyone fucked. We retired to our marital bed at around 2am. I had managed to resist the temptations of the many guests who were only too happy to open their legs or mouths for me, so was raring to get my hands on my new wife.
Sarah was, inevitably, very messy, so I ushered her into the bath and gave her a good shower, emptying my full bladder as I pissed all over my beautiful bride. I had fun, seeing how much of the strangers' sperm she wore with such pride I could displace with my urine. I made sure to get this on my phone camera, as I knew it would make for some excellent 'behind the scenes' footage for the website. Sarah then had a real shower, before joining me in the jacuzzi bath in our bridal suite.
I'd done a good job of balancing my extreme lust with some copious alcohol consumption, resulting in a numb, but very solid erection which allowed me to service my new bride very effectively. As I fucked her, Sarah regaled me with tales of her past filthy escapades, which were no surprise to me as I'd filmed most of them, and also her debauched plans for the future. I knew she had no intention of slowing down just because we were married, and she delighted in telling me what a whore she was, and that she was only just getting started. This kept the alcohol at bay, and my cock nice and hard.
As I was wondering whether I'd even be able to reach orgasm, such was the effect of the drinks, Sarah gave me a boost with a sentence both romantic and perverted.
"I've fucked pretty much everyone down there, today, you know Dan. I've had spunk in my face, down my throat, in my hair, all over my tits, quite a few loads right up my tight little arsehole. But anyone who wanted to cum inside my pussy, I've told them 'no!'. That's just for you tonight, my dearest husband!"
The thought of my extraordinarily sexy wife, still in her wedding dress, stopping strangers from ejaculating inside her vagina - but instead offering her mouth, face, anus or wherever else they felt like shooting their load, was enough to coax a surprisingly intense orgasm from me. I came deep inside her, waves of pleasure washing over me as I filled my bride up with a huge load which had been brewing all day.
Finally, I took a few snaps as she smiled sweetly up at the camera, pushing her breasts towards the lens and looking down at the sperm oozing from her cunt. I then promptly collapsed on the bed and fell immediately into a deep sleep, thus ending our wedding day.