The feeling of shame was overwhelming. Every single step from the car to her flat door was a constant reminder of her state of undress.
Alex could feel the moisture between her legs for the whole Uber ride home. Now that she was walking around the apartment building, she was almost sure little drops of her fluids were coming down her thighs. She had never been so wet in her entire life.
Walking through the courtyard made her wet. Waving at Mr. Longcross while faking a smile made her wet. Shielding her breasts with her arms and her bag, in a pose that made her look like an innocent schoolgirl, made her wet. Small talk with her neighbour Susan while they were waiting for the elevator, as the only thought her mind could focus on was twelve strangers just received a video of her masturbating, and pinching her nipples and confessing one of her most private fantasies, made her wet.
Once Alex opened the door of her flat and noticed she was alone, she sighed in relief, dropped her bag, and immediately started checking her phone again. There were a lot of notifications from Turnons.
The first one was the permanent notification *Your daily report* linked to the recap of her activity on that day.
*
Hey SluttyAlex! You are doing fine but don't let your guard down!
Daily Dares: Your number of daily dares is now 3
Completed Dares for the day: 2
Number of dares to complete for the day: 1
Turnons Dares:
You have received 3 out of 3 automated dares. Automated dares level is now 2.
Active Penalties: 1
Penalty #1: For the next 24 hours you will have to suggest an improvement for every dare you receive from a Turnons user. Careful: if he or she doesn't accept your suggestion you automatically fail the dare.
Overall completed dares: 5
*
All the other notifications were messages from her new "friends".
On the way home Alex worked out the mechanics of how the requests got sent and the only option was that she failed to lock her screen when Annie exited the toilet. Then she must have accidentally hit send.
Before starting the recording she had already selected a few candidates among the users suggested by the app. She thought she would have had all the time to slim down the list before sending the video. At least that was what she thought before being carried away by her own sluttiness.
How could she be so careless? Even now, while she could rationally understand she was playing with fire, and her exposure was probably just a few steps ahead, shame and fear were overpowered by an insane state of arousal. Insane. That's what she was. She was totally mental.
Most of the messages she received were similar and probably more polite than she expected.
"Hey Alex, I'm glad you added me. I guess we can work to make that fantasy of yours a truly exciting reality. I'd like to know a bit more about you and maybe then I could send you a dare. What do you think?"
That was honestly the kindest thing anyone could have said given the situation.
There were a few pretty straight up messages, right to the point.
"I see you are a pretty little slut already, but I'm sure you can do better than that. I'll send you a dare that will make you squirm even reading it. Mark."
Short messages.
"Hot vid! I see you are new here, would you like to chat?"
One unusually long "opening statement"? Definitely verbose. Too long, pass.
Alex began scrolling down the chats mindlessly, not sure on what to do next, when it hit her, once again and as hard as it could: all these men weren't just contacts on an erotic chat, the kind of guys that kept her interested for a little while when she was too tired or too horny to sleep. They had all seen her naked. They had all heard her moaning voice asking to send her dares, to push her beyond her limits. And they could watch that video again and again whenever they felt like it. She had posted her tits as a public profile picture for fuck's sake.
She couldn't keep her fingers away from her pussy. She had reached her bedroom now, taken off her skirt, and she was now playing the video on her phone. She laid on the bed for a couple of minutes, masturbating to her own video. Rolled up her top and started playing with her breasts as she resumed reading the chat messages. One finally caught her eye. It was from a "DarkPassenger". Alex recalled adding him when the fumes of arousal had already taken over.
DarkPassenger: You look like the kind of girl with repressed impulses that I would love to train. You don't even realise how broken you already are, Alex. Most likely you think of yourself as a good girl and this just as one of your erotic shenanigans. Something that will go away as quickly as it began. But no. This isn't an itch you will be able to scratch away. I don't know if you already figured out how dangerous this app could be for little sluts like you, but be sure I can help you make that very clear. I'm positive you can be pushed far beyond what you think is your limit. You won't believe what you will be able to achieve, the risks you will take, the arousal you will feel, and the price you will be willing to pay.
This time Alex knows for certain which part of her made the decision to answer this message.
SluttyAlex: Where would you like to lead me?
She didn't have to wait long for the answer.
DarkPassenger: To the point you will be so needy you will be asking me to push you further. You will do anything just for a chance of touching yourself. You will give up everything to see your old self crumbling down, to become something new, something obscene, something lewd.
SluttyAlex: I don't think I'm ready for anything like that.
DarkPassenger: I'm afraid you don't have a choice anymore.
SluttyAlex: What do you mean?
DarkPassenger: What are you doing right now? Be honest.
Alex didn't have to think even for a second: what was the point in lying about it?
SluttyAlex: Masturbating.
DarkPassenger: Show me.
The message was followed by a link: turnons.me/streamto/user/DarkPassenger.
This man had already seen her basically naked, masturbating, spilling out embarrassing truths, what was the difference?
SluttyAlex: I can't.
DarkPassenger: And why is that? I have already watched you doing it, actually I have a video of you that I can replay for my amusement anytime. So were you lying to me about what you are doing right now?
SluttyAlex: It's not that. I just shouldn't. I should stop.
DarkPassenger: Oh but you won't. I'm familiar with that kind of unstable balance between excitement and reluctance. It gets so easily thrown off. Trust me. Also I think you won't be able to accept the consequences. You would lose on every side. You would no longer have your little exciting game, nor a way to control the spreading of your pictures, videos and information. There should be enough already for a mild exposure given the number of dares you have completed in such a short time.
SluttyAlex: You can see that? The number of dares I completed.
DarkPassenger: Sure, that's public. But I also have access to certain privileges. You see that little star near my name? That means I'm a premium user. I can see how many daily dares you have left among other things.
SluttyAlex: What other things?
DarkPassenger: In due time. Now show me or should I dare you?
Alex's head was light, drawn into the chat and confused by the pleasure pulsing from her pussy, but she couldn't push herself deeper down the rabbit hole. She had to get through one last dare, then she would have had the time to figure out how to end it. Lost in these thoughts she lost her chance to answer.
DarkPassenger: Fair enough, but it will be harder this way.
*New dare from DarkPassenger*
The notification came up just a minute later. It had a little star just like the one near DarkPassenger's nickname. Alex noticed she had received another four or five dares as well. It seemed like she was far from being out of options. He thought he was in control? Well she would have taken it back. She clicked on the dare from a "GoodGirlsTrainer".
The moment she did a message popped up:
*You must first answer Dark Passenger's dare*.
What? There was a little question mark next to the message, Alex clicked on it.
*
You have received a dare from a premium user. Premium users' dares have a higher priority and must therefore be addressed before you can access other dares.
*
Sucker. Fuck it. Fuck. Alex wanted to scream. The most frustrating thing was that the idea of being forced to follow his rules actually excited her. Her excitement, though, went quickly down when she read the dare. She simply couldn't do it.
She could still reject it right? It would have brought her automated dares level up a... no fuck you fucking fuck, that was not an automated dare. Her only true options were success or failure. Failure or rejection would have earned her a penalty. A penalty DarkPassenger had chosen.
Maybe she was finally getting familiar with the rules of Turnons, but it was of no comfort or consequence at this point.
*
New Dare from DarkPassenger
Click on the link I sent you. Show me how you masturbate for five minutes. Do it in plain sight: I want to see clearly your body and your face. While you are doing it, beg me to expose you. Don't cum.
Time left to complete the dare: 5 minutes
*
The button below wasn't even "Accept dare" but "Suggest an improvement". Her active penalty. She couldn't do it. It was as simple as that, so she chose the only way out. She clicked on the button and then wrote: "I am sorry, I can't do that. It would expose me too much. Please."
For a minute she had no signs DarkPassenger had even received her "suggestion". She checked the chat but he was offline.
*
Darn! You failed to complete a dare. You have received a new penalty from DarkPassenger:
Option 1: Your number of dares per day will be raised to 4, effective immediately. From now on your automated dare number will be capped at 3.
Option 2: Change the privacy settings for your entire feed to public.
*
Alex felt a single tear coming down her left cheek. It was like an infinite downward spiral. She picked option 1, what else could she...
*
New Dare from DarkPassenger
Click on the link I sent you. State your full name and age. Show me your ID. Show me how you masturbate for five minutes. Do it in plain sight: I want to see clearly your body and your face. While you are doing it tell me how much you would love to be exposed, what turns you on about it, and who you would like to be exposed to. Don't cum.
Time left to complete the dare: 5 minutes
Suggest an improvement
*
Tears came down without anything to hold them back now.
"Please. I can't do it. Please, I will do something else. I can't let my stuff go public, but I can't do this either. It would ruin me." She wrote it in the "suggest an improvement" box as well as in the private chat.
*
Darn! You failed to complete a dare. You have received a new penalty from DarkPassenger:
Option 1: Starting now pictures or videos posted as proof for completed dares will be available on your feed for all the users that have access to it.
Option 2: All your future content posted as proof for completed dares must include verification, such as an ID and a video of yourself stating your legal name, location and Turnons nickname.
*
No please, no. Fuck. No. Almost in a trance Alex clicked on option 1 and immediately went back to check her feed, she scrolled it to the video of her masturbation in the department office, with Susie clearly stating her name and a lot of other details about her life. It took her a couple of minutes but she realised it was still private, still available only to her and SubtleG.
Thank God.
The chat showed DarkPassenger was back online.
Alex started writing a frantic message, but she did not have the time to send it.
DarkPassenger: So, I think you understood how you can easily lose control of the game.
SluttyAlex: Yes, please, I can't.
Fear had taken over: Alex couldn't honestly see a way out right now and she didn't know what else she could do or say.
DarkPassenger: Don't worry Alex. I would take no pleasure in ruining your life. I was just proving a point. I want to help you fulfil your darkest fantasies. I want the needy girl that lives inside you to come out to play. At some point exposure won't be your main concern anymore, we will be way past that. But I will just be a companion for you, you will be the one making every step. You just need a little push.
Alex's heart was beating faster now, even if she felt more at ease. It was a strange state that mixed reassurance, relief, fear and arousal. The intensity of it wasn't easy to grasp, the real nature of her feelings was ephemeral. She just said yes. She actually whispered it before realising she had to write it. And as she did Alex felt her pussy was a mess. The bed sheet showed a big humid patch. She had been that wet all along?
DarkPassenger: You still owe me something, Alex, and I think I will take your two dares left now.