Meet Anita Olsen. The most popular girl in high school, she ruled as president of The Hot Babes Club - and as a bully who tormented Freddie Simpson for being a nerd. Freddie grew up to be a tech billionaire who invented a system of mind control, and life got very different for The Hottest Babe. All characters are adults over the age of 18.
........................................
Freddie and Anita had breakfast by the pool. They enjoyed a particularly satisfying session of sex that morning. Like all young men, Freddie woke up each day with an erection, and Anita wanted to make sure none of his erections went to waste. Sometimes she gave him a blowjob, but on this morning she straddled his body, rubbed the head of his cock up and down between the lips of her pussy, then put his cock inside her as soon as she was wet enough to take it. She gave him an orgasm, and he gave her two. Both of them felt wonderfully calm and refreshed as they ate their omelets. Freddie thought his cock felt loose, satisfied and relaxed, and Anita felt the same way about her pussy.
Anita's acceptance of her role as Freddie's slave grew as the weeks elapsed. It was clear that Freddie intended to give her a good life - much better than the life she had when she was free to make her own decisions. Freddie was simply better at making good choices.
He had one of the finest cosmetic surgeons in the world transform Anita from a great beauty into a living goddess. He took her to posh resorts. Purchased a fancy wardrobe of designer clothes, shoes, purses, and cosmetics. Anita had always been a girly girl who loved such luxuries; now she had a room-sized closet full of more beautiful things than she had time to wear. He introduced her to the lifestyle of billionaires, who always had the best seats at concerts, the best tables at restaurants, and the best service anywhere. She liked his friends and business associates, and they liked her. At least, the male ones did.
"Anita, I'm glad that you are so fond of the male gaze, because I can't keep my eyes off you," Freddie said.
"Your attention is appreciated, Freddie," she said. "I love the way you look at me. Especially in bed. It really gets my motor running."
"I can tell," Freddie said. "I'd like for us to try something. I know a very gifted photographer. She's extremely popular in the San Francisco art scene. There's a nice gallery displaying a big collection of her work. I can take you there if you like.
"I mention her because she has done a lot of erotic photography. Nudes. I'd like to hire her to photograph you. I'm sure she could create some beautiful images. I would love to have some first-class pictures of the only woman I've ever loved. Besides, she's an up-and-coming artist. Giving her a commission is what billionaire art lovers are supposed to do. What do you think?"
Anita knew exactly what she thought. It excited her. Made her wet. Freddie's efforts to turn her into an exhibitionist was complete.
"I love it," Anita said. "I'd like to see her gallery show first, but I'm sure it will be something I'd like to experience. I've never been photographed by someone who knew what they were doing."
"This woman definitely knows what she is doing," Freddie said. "Let's drive to town this afternoon. We can check out the gallery and have lunch. See what you think."
As expected, both Freddie and Anita loved the photos displayed in the gallery. It was a trendy little place that showcased the work of excellent artists who were going to be famous someday. That was especially true of the photographer Frida Ramos. Her work was extraordinary, with photographs that seemed to shimmer with energy and life. There were no nudes in this show, which focused mainly on landscapes and still life images. But somehow, Ramos was able to take a picture of a vase of flowers and make it look erotic. The technical quality was extraordinary. The list of publications that had carried her work was impressive, as was the list of galleries that had shown her work in San Francisco, New York, London, Brussels, and some smaller cities.
Ramos was the real thing.
More than half of the prints on display were sold, but Freddie found a particularly lovely photograph of a redwood grove, so he bought it. After he gave instructions to the gallery owner on how to get it delivered after the show closed, Freddie said he wanted to give Ramos a commission.
"I'm sure that will be most welcome," the gallery owner said. "It's still possible to hire Ms. Ramos for private projects; I doubt that will be true in another year or so."
It wasn't long before Frida Ramos drove to Freddie's house in Palo Alto to discuss the project. She wasn't surprised to see that he lived in a fabulous architectural marvel. She'd done her research, learning that Freddie had made a fortune creating and marketing medical devices, and that he'd leveraged that fortune into acquiring several new companies developing all kinds of promising new technology.
He had the magic touch that was so prized in Silicon Valley. It's interesting to imagine what Ramos would have thought if she'd known that Freddie had invented a technology capable of enslaving someone, and that he'd used the tech to enslave Anita, the woman Ramos was to photograph.
Ramos looked like an artist, dressed in black from head to toe, with an edgy hairstyle and make-up. She had an androgynous look that suggested she might like men, women, both, or neither. Like most artists, she was very skilled at making herself look as good as possible, and doing it in unconventional ways.
"I appreciate you coming to meet with us today," Freddie told her.
"I appreciate your interest in my art," Ramos said. "I've been fortunate to work with a lot of people who've been very supportive. I hope we can work together."
They talked a bit about Ramos' current projects, verifying that she had time for a new commission, although she hoped it wouldn't require a lot of time-consuming travel. "I have a lot of projects I want to tackle, and I'd rather not waste time waiting in lines at airports."
'I don't think you'll need to go anywhere, but you can use my jet if you want."
No one had ever offered a private jet to Ramos. Clearly, Freddie had a serious proposal for her. "This is when you tell me what you want me to do," Ramos said.
"I want you to photograph Anita. She is the love of my life. I think she's the most beautiful woman who ever lived. You have produced some of the most beautiful erotic photographs I've ever seen, and lots of critics agree with me.
"Here's how I see it. Imagine someone on Mount Olympus wanted to hire you to photograph Aphrodite. I believe that if you look at Anita through your camera's viewfinder, you will see that she is a goddess. I want photographs of that goddess."
Ramos looked at Anita, who felt like she was being examined with a microscope. "I take erotic photos of all kinds of people, and they are all attractive in their own way. Honestly, I've never taken pictures of anyone as beautiful as you, Anita. I'd say you are as beautiful as a top model, but top models tend to be very skinny, and you're too curvy for that. I can certainly see a person with your look on the cover of theSports Illustratedswimsuit edition."
Ramos was quiet for a moment. "Can I assume you are willing to pose nude?"
"Of course," Anita said. "I'd love for you to take erotic nudes of me."
"This is a minor thing, but do you have any unusual features? Big tattoos? Surgical scars? Just anything unusual."
"No, nothing like that. Here, I'll show you," Anita said. She was wearing a silk robe over a skimpy bikini; she'd imagined that Ramos would want to see how she looked. She stood up, took off the robe, and turned around. "Nothing out of the ordinary here," Anita said.
Ramos laughed. "I would not use the word 'ordinary' to describe the way you look, Anita. Freddie, I think the Aphrodite metaphor is an accurate one here. Anita, I assume that you've put a lot of effort into making yourself a work of art. Allow me to say, mission accomplished. It's a stunning success. I can't imagine how much time you've devoted to diet and exercise, in addition to having fabulous genetics. If I was seeking a model who looked like a goddess, I'd pick you."
Something unusual happened when it came time to discuss the fee. Ramos quoted her usual fee for a commission, expecting there would be no negotiations. Rich clients never quibbled over money with Ramos. It just wasn't done. But Freddie surprised her.
"That fee is completely unacceptable," he said. "I'm going to pay you twice that much."
That had never happened before. For a moment, Ramos thought Freddie was bragging about his wealth. But then she realized what was really happening.
"I think I see where this is going," she said. "You think that if you double my fee, you will get me to rise above my normal capabilities. You think you can get me to produce the finest collection of erotic nudes I've ever made. Am I in the neighborhood here?"
"Right up the block," Freddie said.
Ramos laughed. "Well. I'm glad we understand each other," she said. "Oh boy. This just got a whole lot more complicated." She wasn't sure she wanted to do it. It amounted to committing to do something she had never done, and had no reason to believe she could achieve. She'd once gotten so wrapped up in a particularly challenging project that it sent her to the psych ward for two weeks, where she was treated for what celebrities called "severe exhaustion," but was really an unhealthy amount of manic energy that kept her from sleeping for days on end. That episode was very unpleasant, and it wasn't an experience she wanted to repeat. She looked at Anita.Can I make this woman look like a goddess? Can I find the goddess inside her already?There was no way to know.
All she could do was make a decision.
"Alright. Why the hell not. Challenge accepted. May God have mercy on my soul," Ramos said.
They all had a laugh over that. Ramos said she'd arrange a conference call so she, her assistant, and Anita could schedule the upcoming shoots. In the meantime, she would need to take some time to think of ways to do what she called "previsualization," which is a term photographers use to describe the process of figuring out in advance what a picture should look like. It's a process that can only be done by photographers who've had enough experience to gain a deep understanding of the difference between the camera and the human eye.
"It would be helpful if I could take a few photographs of you right now, Anita," Ramos said. "I'd like to find out how the camera sees you."
"What, now?" Anita asked.
"If possible, yes," Ramos said.
"Sure. Whatever you want," Anita said.
Ramos went to her car and returned with a large camera. Neither she nor Freddie had ever seen one like it. Ramos looked around, and found a shaded spot where she wanted Anita to pose. "If you could just sit over here on this half-wall, I can get you there."
"Should I take off my clothes?"
"That would be best," Ramos said.
Anita enjoyed posing nude. It stimulated her inner exhibitionist. Ramos took several photos outside by the pool, then asked if they could go inside. She looked around for a place with good light and an uncluttered background, then placed Anita next to a north-facing window. Ramos took pictures that showed every part of Anita's body from every angle.
"I'm sorry I didn't shave this morning," Anita said. "I didn't realize I'd be photographed today." Her pubes were covered with blonde stubble.
"Don't apologize. In fact, I'd appreciate it if you didn't shave your public hair or armpits for a while," Ramos said. "If we're going to make you look like a goddess, we need to go for a timeless and natural look. I can't imagine Aphrodite using razors. And on the days we schedule shooting, please don't wear underwear. The elastic bands in bras and panties leave indentations in the skin. We don't want that."
They were almost finished when Ramos noticed that Anita was aroused by modeling.This girl is an exhibitionist, Ramos thought. She was amused, but also pleased. Most amateurs are so nervous in front of the camera that it's challenging to capture images that don't reveal these nerves. Ramos realized that it would be easy to take pictures of Anita that shimmered with erotic energy. She became more hopeful about the challenge of delivering sensuous images that were better than anything she'd done in the past.
She was also struck by Anita's beauty. It was easy to see why Freddie compared her to a goddess. Anita's face and body were so perfect it seemed to exceed the beauty of ordinary mortals. Ramos decided she needed to do a little research on Aphrodite to try to get some insight into the mind of an erotic goddess.
"That seemed promising," Freddie said to Anita as Ramos drove away. "I think she's enthusiastic about the commission."
"I hope so. It would be nice if she could take some good pictures of me," Anita said.
"I'm excited," Freddie said.
"I am too. More than you know. Freddie, posing naked turned me on. I felt like she was caressing my body with the camera."
"Good," Freddie said. "That sounds like a good way for an erotic model to feel."
"I'm sure. But what I'm getting at is that I need you to take me to bed. I know we made love earlier, but I need to do it again. I think our joke about Miss Pussy and Mr. Cock is getting kind of old, but my pussy is calling your name. Take me to bed. Please."
"Of course, darling. I'd be delighted," Freddie said, putting his arm around Anita's nude shoulders. They walked together to the bedroom, where Anita helped Freddie remove his clothes. As always, the sight of his cock aroused her even more. He always did such a good job making her cum. There was no way to predict what he'd do to her this time, but she knew he would make sure she came several times.
She'd read enough women's magazines over the years to know that lots of women had men who struggled to satisfy them. Sometimes the problem was premature ejaculation. Some men didn't like giving oral sex. Sometimes men didn't understand how to caress and arouse women.
Anita had no choice about being Freddie's lover, but the fact that he was so reliably good in bed was part of the reason she was so happy to be his slave. Her life was good, especially her love life. Now, Freddie was going to have a famous photographer take erotic nude pictures of Anita. In many ways, it was a very creative kind of foreplay.
Being photographed that morning had just that effect. As Anita got into bed, she realized she was already wet. Freddie knew that, too, because he could detect the delightful fragrance that filled the room any time Anita's pussy was warm and moist. It made him anxious to go down on her, so that's what he decided he'd do first.
"Lay back and relax," Freddie said, spreading Anita's legs. He kissed the inside of one knee, then the other, letting Anita know what to expect from him next. She smiled with pleasure. Anita had encountered several men who were lousy at eating pussy, and she'd been with other men who were extraordinary. Freddie was as good as any she'd known. Being his slave meant she received first-class oral sex on a regular basis.
He kissed the soft, tender flesh of her inner thighs, slowly going higher and higher. By now Anita was very wet, and she grew anxious to feel his lips and tongue on her pussy. But Freddie always took a long time, teasing her mercilessly before finally delivering what she wanted.
There was nothing she could do. Anita knew Freddie would ignore any pleas for him to hurry. It reminded her of bondage. She had no choice; Freddie was going to make love the way he wanted to do it. Nothing she said could change that, so the sensible thing was to just let it happen at his pace.
She finally felt the sensation of Freddie's tongue licking up and down around the outside of her vulva. Her pussy started throbbing with desire. "You're driving me crazy," she said, knowing it would make no difference, but needing to say it anyway. Her feelings became even more intense as he began licking and nibbling the lips that surrounded the warm, wet flesh between them. He was almost there. It wouldn't be much longer.
And it wasn't. Anita called out in pleasure when she finally felt Freddie's tongue lick her slit from the top to bottom, including the tender button of her clit. Her hands grabbed the sheets of the bed and made little fists. Freddie smiled, but continued licking and nibbling her pussy. Anita always made sexy sounds when he got her this excited, and the sounds would continue until he finished her. The fact that Anita was such a noisy lover was just one of many erotic qualities that Freddie loved about Anita.
She had her first climax when Freddie pushed his tongue as far inside as possible. It was a small orgasm that was over quickly, but being so close meant Freddie got a good look at the contractions of her pussy. Anita's personal trainer had encouraged her to do Kegel exercises, and Freddie had noticed a difference. He particularly enjoyed feeling the way Anita's pussy throbbed and gripped his cock when he was inside her.
Freddie decided to keep going down on Anita. He hadn't been down there very long, and he thought it would be nice if he could give her another orgasm or two with his mouth alone. He waited for her orgasm to subside, then got back to work. This time he slid one finger inside, then another. The tips of his fingers sought out the spongy feel of Anita's G-spot. He sucked her clit between his lips and licked it gently.
He'd made her squirt this way in the past. It didn't always happen, but it was delightful when it did. Anita said her orgasms felt a bit different when she squirted. Being the only man who'd ever been able to make that happen for Anita made Freddie feel proud, like he was the best lover in the world.
At length, Anita came again, calling out as it happened. As Freddie had hoped, she squirted on his chin. It was always a small amount of fluid, but it had a distinctive aroma that Freddie loved. By now Anita had become familiar with the way it felt when she squirted, and she realized it had happened again. It felt wonderful. It was also nice that Freddie enjoyed it so much. She believed Freddie was somehow training her body to respond that way. He was fabulous in bed for reasons that had nothing to do with his huge cock.
Anita took deep breaths, trying to recover from her second orgasm. She was ready for Freddie to climb up her body and give her a good fucking. She wanted meat, and Freddie had a particularly big serving.
Naturally, that's not what he did. Freddie resumed licking and sucking on Anita's pussy. He wanted to get her good and excited before he finally gave her his cock.
Anita thought she might as well be tied to the bed. She was powerless. Freddie's complete control over her increasingly felt like being held captive whenever they made love. She pretended that her wrists and ankles were bound, holding her down with her legs spread wide. She'd never heard the term "subspace," but that's where she was.
Freddie had become her Dom, and she'd become his Sub, even though they never called themselves that. Anita had been a dynamic, take-charge woman before she met Freddie. She'd had little experience with submission, although she'd enjoyed it on the occasions she'd tried. Freddie had been the one to show her that submission was what she liked most. Anita would have been reluctant to admit it, but she particularly enjoyed submitting to Freddie when his tendency to tease her was especially merciless. Writhing on the bed, begging for release, turned out to be the most satisfying thing Anita was capable of experiencing.
Anita's excitement was growing again as Freddie kept working on her pussy. She felt another orgasm coming on. Just as her climax was almost there, Freddie pulled away. She gasped when she stopped feeling that wonderful tongue. But she knew what it meant. Freddie climbed on top of Anita, taking his cock in hand and running the head up and down the length of her hot, wet slit. It felt just as good as his tongue, and it let her know Freddie was about to give her the thing she wanted most.
He went on, and on, and eventually Anita got impatient. She wanted him inside her, so she thrust her hips up toward him, trying to force his cock inside her. She'd tried this many times in the past, and it never worked. Freddie always pulled his cock just out of reach. This happened several times before Anita realized that Freddie wanted her to play a little game he seemed to enjoy a little more than she liked.
"Please, Freddie," she said. "Give it to me."
"Give you what?" he asked.
She sighed. Words seemed so unnecessary, but Freddie demanded them anyway.
"Give me your cock," Anita said. "Put it in."
"Where? Put it where?"
For God's sake. "Put it in my pussy. Please. Put your cock in my pussy. Please Freddie, just give it to me."
"Beg," he said.
There was no other option.
"Please Freddie. I'm begging you. My pussy is hungry for your cock. Please, please, please give it to me. I want it so much. Don't make me beg anymore. You know you're driving me crazy like this. Please put it in."
Freddie complied, but barely. He put just a tiny bit of his cock in Anita's pussy, then paused.
"Please give me more, Freddie. Please give it to me. I'm begging."
Freddie responded by giving Anita a little more, putting the entire head of his cock inside her. She moaned in relief. "Thank you," she said, knowing those were the words Freddie wanted to hear.
Freddie pulled out of Anita's pussy, then paused.
"Please," she said. He pushed in again, then withdrew and paused.
"Please," she said. Freddie pushed in a tiny bit more, moved back and forth for a second, then withdrew again.
"Please, give me more," Anita said. She had no other way to control what happened. She had to say what Freddie wanted her to say, or he wouldn't give her what she wanted to feel.
But he finally did give it to her, pushing his cock almost half way into Anita's pussy. Now she was happy. This was what she wanted. She wanted his whole cock inside her, of course, but this was enough for now. Freddie slid in and out several times without forcing her to say please, going slightly deeper each time.
She moaned again. It felt so good. He'd made her wait much too long, but Freddie was finally giving Anita the meat she craved. She wrapped her arms and legs around him, enjoying the slow, gentle way they made love. Her climax arrived just when Freddie wanted, letting them both enjoy the feeling of her pussy throbbing and clenching his cock. He waited a few seconds after it stopped, then resumed going deeper and deeper every time he thrust inside.
By now he was almost all the way inside her, and he wouldn't go any deeper until she started to cum. This was as deep as he could go without causing Anita to feel pain. His cock was wonderfully thick, but it was a little too long, pushing hard against her cervix when he got excited enough to pound into her pussy. The pain wasn't bad - just a bit of discomfort, really, and it actually made her orgasms slightly more intense. But Freddie knew that too much of this kind of pain wasn't what pleased Anita most, so he always held back just a little. It didn't interfere with his own pleasure. It felt fine when he pushed his cock almost all the way in, refraining from going in too far.
Freddie made love to Anita earlier that morning, so he didn't feel an urgent need to cum. He'd think about having an orgasm after Anita had one more. As she got closer to her climax, she moaned and groaned the way Freddie loved. "You take such good care of me," she whispered.
It wasn't long before she came. This orgasm was a big one that made her squirm and writhe beneath him. She let out a loud, long wail - the kind Freddie loved to hear. Wave after wave of pleasure swept over her body. Freddie began pounding his cock as deep as he could, giving Anita the little twinges of pain that she sometimes enjoyed feeling after they'd been making love for a long time.
She laid motionless on the bed, unable to find the will to move. Freddie ran his hands through her hair and kissed all over her face. He finally wrapped his arms around her tightly, then rolled over so he was on his back and Anita was laying on top of him. "Make me cum, darling," he said. "Mr. Cock is ready for Miss Pussy to give him a massage."
Anita sat up on top of Freddie. She put a pillow beneath his head so he'd have a better view of her naked body as she worked away. He especially loved watching when she was in the cowgirl position, and Anita loved being watched.
"I wish I had a picture of you like this," Freddie said.
"If you want a picture of me while we're making love, so ahead and take one. I don't mind."
"Maybe I will someday," Freddie said. "I'd take one right now, but I don't have a camera, and I don't want to stop long enough to go get one."
"That can go on your to-do list," Anita said, smiling. She'd had all the orgasms she could have for a while, so the priority right then was to make Freddie feel as good as he could. She squirmed around in little circles, wrapping his cock in her tight little pocket. Up and down. Right and left. Front and back. Around in circles. She moved in every direction she could, milking his cock all the while.
It wasn't long before she felt Freddie start to cum. She squeezed his cock as it throbbed. It went on and on, and finally Freddie filled her to overflowing. His cum dripped down his cock and onto his balls. Anita loved feeling this wet. She felt his cock begin to get soft, letting her know she'd done a good job giving him pleasure.
When it was finally over, she laid down beside him on the bed.
"That photographer got you all wound up, didn't she?" Freddie asked.
"She certainly did," Anita said.
"I think I'm going to enjoy the days when you pose for her."
"That seems likely," Anita said. "I hope I'm able to last long enough to pose the way she wants. It didn't take long before I couldn't think of anything but your cock."
"I'm sure you'll be fine," Freddie said.
"We'll find out," Anita said.
.....................................
Freddie transformed Anita into an exhibitionist. Can he give her any other new erotic desires? Find out in Chapter 8.