Colleen had been anticipating her date at the sculpture gardens all week. She'd met Frank online a few months back and had discovered over time that they had a remarkable number of things in common. Today was to be their very first meeting in person. She put the finishing touches on her make up; shading above the eyes with a shimmering green to bring out the green tones of her hazel eyes, carefully selecting a musky perfume with spicy undertones to match her mood and stood up. She examined the work and found she approved, it was time to turn her attention to the closet.
Buried far in the back with her hopes and dreams for a life less practical dwelled a collection of "very nice" dresses that seldom got much use. From these she selected a slinky little shift dress she'd worn once to a friend's wedding and had been too timid to take out since. The neckline plunged in a way that made her feel trampy, exposed and just a little bit exciting. She wound several strings of beads around her slender neck and stepped into a pair of strappy shoes that gave her a three inch advantage over her natural height. She wondered if it was too much. She wasn't known for dressing up much. She studied the final product in the mirror and shrugged.
"What the heck." She muttered. "It's a blind date, right?" She felt a little slutty, but all in all she liked the effect.
Colleen threw her wallet and keys into a purse and stepped outside. She carefully chose a rose from her garden and fixed it into her hair. Frank would be sporting a floral theme as well; they had agreed to meet this way, without exchanging pictures, on a whim. It seemed a little silly now... but at the time it had been daring and exciting.
"We'll maintain some mystery." He had urged. The idea had seemed compelling enough, venturing forth to meet the unknown stranger, what a lark. She had agreed at once.
Colleen arrived at the sculpture gardens nearly an hour early. She made her way to the Rodin alcove to scope out the area where they had agreed to meet. She was studying "the lovers" wistfully when low gravelly voice spoke very close to her ear, stirring the short hairs that were tucked away there.
"That's a lovely flower you are wearing." The speaker's body must be just out of reach behind her. Colleen imagined she could feel his heat radiating against her.
"You're early." She replied, resisting the urge to turn around in favor of playing along.
"I would argue that I am exactly on time." The speaker's arm found it's way around her waist and she stepped back as it tightened, drawing her in closer. She could feel toned muscles moving beneath the coarse fabric of a man's button down shirt against her bare shoulder. Colleen took a slow breath, absorbing the smell of wood smoke, leather and something musky she couldn't quite identify.
"I suppose I can't argue with that." She said slowly, glancing around to take in their surroundings. There was another couple in the grotto but they seemed absorbed in their own conversation about "the gates of hell." She could feel his head turning to follow her glance, then back again and his breath was warm against her ear.
"Don't worry about them." He whispered, sliding his hand down her thigh and catching the fabric of her skirt between two fingers. She could feel the hem inching upwards as he gathered it in. She closed her eyes; the other couple disappeared. His hand was sliding upwards again now, fingertips brushing over the top of her stockings, lingering on the bare skin of her thigh, tracing the edge of her panties then slipping under the silky fabric to brush the soft skin where her thigh met her body and the folds faded into a nest of soft down. Somewhere under that patch of fir her body tingled and woke. She felt a flush form on her neck and cheeks. She moistened. She gasped. She heard a rumble not unlike a cat's purring tickling her ear and she gasped again. The fingers twitched against her pelvis, pushing her panties off to the side and sliding along the very outermost edge of her lips.
All of this took place in the space of a moment. The man behind her shifted. His hand gripped her; tucking her body in closer so she could feel his hips against her ass, his arousal straining against his pants and pushing towards her body. She could hear birds singing somewhere close by and a breeze was tugging at the loose edges of her skirt and ruffling the flower in her hair. Unexpectedly the man behind her took a step backwards, pulling her with him as he sat down on a bench of some sort. She felt her skin cool as she passed from sun into shade. She landed in his lap, the hem of her skirt pooling around them on the bench.
He must have undone himself with his free hand as he sat. Colleen could feel him pressing against the small of her back. With very little shifting he had tucked himself between her legs. She leaned her head back against his shoulder and concentrated on the feel of his girth sliding against the hot damp skin of her labia. When tip of him brushed her clitoris she bit her lip to keep from moaning. He rested there a moment, then shifted slightly to tease her. She felt herself moving in response, rubbing herself against his shaft to stimulate herself. His hands were both on her hips now. He lifted her gently upward. One deft movement of his hips and she felt him slide between her outer lips. He pulled her back down and trust up inside of her. Her eyes snapped open, then closed again when she saw how busy the grotto had become. People were walking by, pausing to admire the art. She was certain someone would notice, security would be called, they would be caught... she felt him start to move inside her, his hands on her hips pulling her snug against his body and her walls tightened around the girth of his shaft, gripping him as he slid deeper into her.
Her eyes fluttered open again, half a dozen people were in the grotto. She made a soft sound and started to get up. The hand on her right hip gripped tighter, but the one on her left hip was suddenly gone... only to return a moment later creeping under her thigh, she moved slightly to allow it passage attempting to keep her motions as inconspicuous as possible. His fingers found her clitoris again and a soft moan escaped her. A young couple walking by glanced over; then hurried away quickly. She felt herself flush. His hips were rocking steadily under her, thrusting deeper into her with each motion. His fingers fluttered against her sending ripples of pleasure through her body. His other hand rested against her hip, fingers splayed, caressing her side.
She closed her eyes and felt them roll back as waves pleasure swept through her body. She bit her lip, arching her head back against the firmness of his shoulder. She felt herself climax. She felt his shaft spasm and release at the same moment her vulva clenched around him.
They sat like that for a moment. She pictured how the scene must look to passersby by, two languid bodies in disheveled clothing entangled on the bench. When she opened her eyes finally there was no one else in the grotto. She stood, strained her dress and turned to face her companion for the first time greeting him with bright eyes and a hand extended in aid as she helped him up.
"I didn't expect you to be so bold." She said, studying a face that was younger than she had imagined.
"The world is full of surprises." He gave her a bemused smile. A chime sounded and he pulled out a nondescript phone to glance at the screen. "I'd better be going." His smile turned apologetic and he started down the path.
"Hey," she took a step after him and he glanced over his shoulder expectantly, "this was..." she could feel a blush starting "...fun. Thank you."
"You're welcome." He smiled and gave a little half wave. Colleen looked at her watch. It was just now turning ten. If she had come on time she would have missed him.
She gave herself one more tug to straiten out her dress, then stepped out on the path herself.
"Colleen?" She turned at the tentative question contained in the form of her own name and found herself facing a slender man in his mid thirties with an orchid pinned to his vest. He smiled, extending his hand. "It's so nice to finally meet you. You're right on time."