Author's note:
Thanks so much for reading Chapter 4.
In Chapters 1 through 3 we've gotten to know second year law student Miki Lenz, some of her interests, frustrations, and potential. Her best friend since childhood, Gwen, has gone missing under suspicious circumstances, and Miki has spent the better part of the first three chapters trying to gain access to The Dollhouse, a brothel and escort agency where she discovers Gwen was working up until she fell off the radar.
In this chapter, Miki takes the bull by the horns, so to speak, and makes her first foray directly into The Dollhouse, so this chapter includes some dubious consent. Miki makes her own choices, but she's being dealt a very challenging hand, and must do things well out of her comfort zone, things she wouldn't otherwise agree to, or she won't be able to make any headway finding her missing friend. If that bothers you, please reconsider reading this installment.
All characters are 18+ years of age, and bear no resemblance to any real persons, living or deceased.
This work is 100%fictionandsexual fantasy.
~~~~~~~
It had been over two weeks, and Gwen was still missing.
No calls, no texts, no sightings. Having made only a little progress with James' 'interrogations' of two Dollhouse escorts over the last two days, Miki was at a crossroads. Take the next step, crazy as it truly was, or leave Gwen's fate in the hands of the police. All she needed to back out of her self-admittedly insane plan to go undercover as an escort at The Dollhouse, was a shred of hope, and that's exactly what she was looking for at Lt. Thompson's office. With any luck he'd found some kind of tangible lead and Gwen would be back home soon.
Miki couldn't decide if he was bored or tired, his expression was impassive as he motioned for her to sit, his undersize and overaged chair squeaking like fingernails on a chalkboard with every little motion he made. "I've been through my notes, Ms. Lenz," he began, fingers tapping on his desk. "Your friend Gwen is quite a piece of work. She'd been on the Dollhouse website for about a month, and then poof, her profile is pulled." He paused, looked Miki in the eye, and took a deep breath in something of an effort to punctuate what he was about to reveal. "She was taking money for sex."
A sick feeling settled in Miki's stomach as she processed the information. "That seems a little obvious now, doesn't it? All I care about is finding her. Are you any closer to that? Or are we getting to the part where she's 'just a sex worker' and we can sweep this whole thing under the bureaucratic carpet?"
Lieutenant Thompson shrugged. "It tells us where and how much she was at risk. And we're still hopeful. But no, we're not any closer." He sounded more tired than bored, like he was trying, but couldn't quite muster the energy to sound sympathetic to Miki.
Miki exhaled. She wanted to scream, but what she really needed were results. Instead, she gazed coyly down at her hands. "Don't you have any undercover officers? Could they go in?"
Thompson leaned back in his chair. "For a missing persons case? I'm sorry, Ms. Lenz, but that's not how it works."
"But like thereareundercover officers, right? If you did have one how would you go about it?"
Thompson rolled his eyes. Miki backpedaled. "Purely an academic inquiry. Help me understand, as a law student, how you would build a case, say for future prosecution, against The Dollhouse and its operators?"
Fucking lawyers. Always thought they knew more than cops. He was going to play along to get rid of her, but he didn't have to love it. "Ok... first it would have to be a criminal case. Murder, drugs, kidnapping, something like that. We'd choose an officer, build a backstory. In this case it's tricky, because we can't ask our officers to enter a situation like this where they'll have to... you know."
"Yes Lieutenant, I can only imagine the H-R nightmare trying to sign off on a city employee selling her... self." Miki raised her eyebrows and smirked.
Thompson continued, unironically, "...exactly. So we'd have to use a contractor or an informant. Informants are best, but I've confirmed we don't have any there at this time. So one of our officers would 'run' a contractor, getting regular reports back, so forth, until we either gathered sufficient information to make arrests, or deemed the case non-viable."
"So they're just like going to do this for the money and thrills? And what happens if the undercover person is in danger?" This was the actual point of Miki's question.
"We attempt to exfiltrate them. Usually they just get out before the poopoo hits the fan too hard, but you never really know, and getting sufficient evidence to put a case together can mean taking serious risks."
"Sounds dangerous. Why on earth would anyone choose to do that?"
"People get into this for all kinds of reasons. Some do it for justice, some for kicks, who the hell knows."
She stayed silent, her chest tight with questions she couldn't ask about all the unknowns that lay ahead.
Lieutenant Thompson rose from his chair, signaling the end of their meeting. "Miss Lenz, all I can tell you is we'll keep looking."
~~~~~~~
Back at home, Miki studied the card that Misty had given James last night. Once she made the call she was committed. There was no point in backing out, unless Gwen miraculously showed up, and that was looking less likely with each passing day. No, she accepted that she was going to have to jump down this rabbit hole. But first she needed to calm the fuck down. She poured herself a glass of cheap red wine and downed it, then another, until the last butterfly in her warming gut sputtered and drowned. Then she dialed.
"Hello, you've reached The Dollhouse, how may we be of service?" It was the same sultry voice as when Miki dialed the number she'd found on Gwen's closet floor.
"Hi. My name is M... Niki. I'm looking for Serena Lane, please." She held the phone away from her face and exhaled her terror.
"This is Serena, how can I help you Niki?"
"Oh, hello Ms. Lane. The reason I'm calling is... I'm looking for... um... work."
"Are you aware of the nature of the work we do here, Niki?"
"I am. My friend James told me about you. He said he had the best time of his life with Misty. And Honey. And I've been wanting to do something like this for a while."
"We don't normally set up interviews with anyone we don't know, is there anyone that can vouch for you?"
"Just my friend James, like I mentioned, he hired Misty day before yesterday, and Misty and Honey last night." Miki could hear the telltale tip-tap of a keyboard over the phone, and then ten seconds of dead air.
"Come see me tomorrow at four thirty p.m. We're at 1856 DeHaviland Dr."
"Oh thank you so much Ms. Lane. I'm really looking forward to meeting you."
"See you tomorrow, darling, and don't be late."
"Bye."
Miki hung up. Her vision had tunneled halfway through the conversation, by the end she was hyperventilating and on the verge of blacking out. She steadied herself and took a few slow, deep breaths.I can do this. I'm going to be ok. I'm going to find Gwen.
She'd ticked off the first task to start next phase of her investigation. Now she needed to look the part. Going through her wardrobe she realized the sexiest article of clothing she owned was the summer dress she'd bought with Gwen, but it didn't scream 'Dollhouse'. She needed something sluttier, but a quick scan online confirmed she didn't have enough savings to buy any of the things that came up on her search. She dialed James. "Hey, it's me, Miki."
"Oh hey."
"You like thrift shopping, right? Is there a cool store around that might have something... slutty I can afford?"
James chuckled. "Try Plastic Fantastic. I'll text you the address."
"Anything closer?"
"Yeah but not as good. I'll give you a lift, I need some stuff from there anyway."
"I don't know..." She already felt like she was in above her head, and this felt potentially... invasive.
"C'mon, just a lift. I'll keep myself busy while you find what you need."
"Ok thanks." Maybe it would be better with him there.
~~~~~~~
James held the door open as Miki entered the wonderfully air conditioned store. It had been unseasonably hot and she was grateful for the rush of cool air. "So where is the slut section?"
"Not sure there's a 'slut section' per se, but there's usually some spicy items in the two rows near the back wall."
Miki b-lined for the racks he gestured towards, she was on a mission. James peeled off to the right, as promised, and settled in at the counter, browsing the selection of rings, flasks, wallets, patches, and other accessories.
She wasn't a fan of clothes shopping. She'd ordered most of her wardrobe on Amazon since starting law school, and it showed. Ill fitting, bland, boring. This place, in contrast, was an inspiration, and well worth the effort. She picked two outfits with the kind assistance of Roman, a Roxy Music era Brian Eno lookalike, and stepped into the changing room to see if these things even fit.
"James...," she called out from behind the closed curtain. The strapless black leather bustier corset fit very tight, she was going to need help getting the zipper in the back all the way up.
He stood just outside the room. "You find anything?"
"Um... yeah. I need help."
"Are you decent?"
"Not exactly, but come in anyway."
For the second day in a row James' jaw nearly dropped to the floor. Miki wore fishnet stockings, a wicked little black lace thong with an art deco floral lace trim on the semi sheer y-front (and nothing but a strip of floss in the back), and the half zipped bustier. It's wildly oversized, highly polished stainless steel zipper reminded him of a barracuda's grin. The front of the piece was even more bizarre, with two rows of what looked like little polished steel ski boot buckles and leather straps for a cinching corset effect. It wasn't a herringbone torture chamber, but it was tighter than anything Miki had ever worn.
She pointed at her back. "Close your face and zip me up."
James went to work, struggling to get the zipper topped out, his manliness at stake. He finally decided to work smart and unbuckled the front, managed to easily zip the back, then snapped the buckles back on the front side. Miki winced, then settled in. Her tits, what little there were, spilled over the low cut top, the crests of her nipples peeking out. The bottom of the bustier corset was quite short, leaving plenty of Miki's sexy tummy and hips to for hungry eyes to feast on. They walked out of the tiny curtained room together.
She was mildly shocked at what she saw as she came to a stop at the full length mirror. James took a deep breath. "You look... amazing." Roman's subtle nod and sly grin almost had Miki feeling like this was a good idea.
"I look like a half dressed vampire hooker. Which is good, I guess. Gonna try the other one." Miki stopped at the entrance of the changing room and pointed at her back again.
James wrestled with the zipper, too embarrassed to grope Miki's front for the buckles twice in the same day, finally drawing it all the way down. He paused momentarily to take in the sinews and muscles in her naked back, rippling under her taught alabaster skin as she clutched the bustier against her with both arms to prevent it from falling. "I'll be right outside, let me know if you need me."
Miki stepped out of the dressing room and stood awkwardly at the mirror next to where James was waiting. She looked extremely delicious in a tiny black rubber miniskirt and an orange, super-fuzzy, synthetic angora tube top that struggled to cover both the bottoms and tops of her little breasts, leaving some cleavage and a hint of underboob to the elements, and to the admiring eyes of anyone who happened to be looking in her direction.
James swallowed. "Fuck... me...".
"Do I look ridiculous? Feels like Garfield and a hipster alpaca gave birth on my chest..."
Roman shook his head, "that one was made for you. Takes big balls and just the right body to pull it off."
Miki forced a polite smile of appreciation, but her face was beet red and she was more than a little embarrassed. She was hyper conscious of how much of her ass cheeks hung out from under the too short skirt, how much of her body was exposed in this public place she'd never been before. She tried to tell herself it was like going to the beach, but there was a reason she'd stayed away from there most of her 'adult' life.
She also realized this was but a small taste of what she'd have to endure if she actually went through with her hare brained scheme to infiltrate The Dollhouse as an escort. Shaking off her embarrassment, she changed back into her sensible, comfortingly modest clothes, then paid for everything she'd tried on. It was a bargain at only ninety five dollars, the most expensive item being the thong panties which were, mercifully, not vintage.
"I'm starving." Miki needed even more comfort after the embarrassment of being near naked in a public place.
They stopped at a deli and James paid for two sandwiches, then returned to James' beat up orange 1992 Volvo 240 station wagon and devoured their food. James looked at Miki between bites and his heart raced. It was a little bit painful. He loved the glimpses of her he'd been treated to these last few days, physical and otherwise. Yes, she was so beautiful, but she was also funny, resourceful, and crazy smart. So why on earth was she still dead set on going through with this surely-doomed-to-failure plan? "I really want you to think this through, Miki... what you're about to do."
"I have."
"I know you want to help your friend, and I do too. But you can't do this."
"James, the cops have nothing. I can't just abandon her."
"No, not abandon her... but you're not a prostitute. You're a beautiful, smart, and responsible law student. I know I'm going to sound like a huge dick for saying this, but Gwen's an adult —"
"...and she made her choices. Yeah, I got almost the same speech from Lt. Thompson. So let me ask you, do you have a better idea?"
"Yes. Stay away from The Dollhouse and just be a responsible law student..."
Miki smirked.
James looked her in the eye. "Ok, say your mind is made up and this is going to happen. What are you going to tell this Serena Lane when she interviews you?
"Well Ms. Lane, it's been my life's aspiration to let a stranger fuck me in the ass for money...". She looked pissed.
James couldn't let it go. "I don't know what kind of shit they ask in situations like this. And then she's going to want to see your... wares. Like what if she wants to try you out, or has some goon there to take you for a test ride?"
"Fuck James. I don't know. Sounds like you've got a whole fantasy cooked up there. She's going to ask me whatever questions and I'm going to be honest: I'm a law student, I'm flat broke, and I need money to pay tuition and expenses." Some of the steam went out of her, it was all so true.
"Right, and when she gives you a 'physical' inspection? I mean why would she hire someone who's stuff she hasn't seen?"
"Fuck off."
Their food finished, James started the car and drove off in the direction of home. "I'm sorry. I'm just really worried for you. And Gwen."
"No, I'm sorry. You're trying to be helpful and I'm being a bitch. If I have to get naked I'll get naked." She knew she sounded delusional.
Back at home Miki laid her smutty new costumes out on the bed and wondered how she'd manage being seen in public in those, let alone take them off, if asked. Her stomach cartwheeled as she pictured herself standing naked in front of Serena and her random 'test driver'. James was right. She needed to get comfortable with all ofthisor she was dead meat.
She hopped in the shower and let the hot water sooth her tight muscles and frayed nerves. When she was done she toweled off, dried her hair, applied sparing amounts of mascara, eyeliner, and the sexiest red lipstick she could find, then took a long look at herself in the mirror. Could she? Was she good looking enough to even get hired at The Dollhouse? James thought so, but he had a crush so he was unreliable. Roland at the thrift shop seemed to like her in both outfits, but he was making a sale, so equally unreliable.
Before she walked into her meeting with Serena one thing was for sure, she was going to need some serious confidence, confidence she didn't have right now. She put on the bustier and finished the ensemble with stockings and her thong panties, then threw on a brown, knee length wool overcoat to cover herself. She went to Gwen's closet. Their feet were the same size, and she was sure Gwen wouldn't mind. She picked the most fuck-me pair high heeled sandals she could find. They had clear plastic straps and there was just something extraordinarily sexy about how her feet barely fit into them, the angle they held her in, the way they accentuated her calves and ankles, and the virtual nakedness of her foot. She held her phone in her hands for around twenty seconds to gather courage, then dialed James. "You home? Can I come over?"
James opened the door to Miki hiding inside the overcoat, holding the thrift store shopping bag. She smiled at him and entered. "I need practice."
"Practice for what?"
"This." Miki dropped the coat, blushing again in her lewd state of dress. He'd seen her in both of these already, but still her bluster had fled as she pondered how far she was going to take this. Her breasts were pushed up so tight they were almost the same color as her cheeks, and her nipples were staging a semi-successful prison break, she could see more of them with each move she made.
James could not take his eyes off her. The fishnets accentuated her legs, from her shapely calves to her firm thighs, crowned by her tight, ample ass. The faint lines of a six pack under the white skin of her tummy were made all the more enticing as they disappeared beneath the black leather corset-like bustier, and those breasts... how he longed to touch them. And that thong wasn't fooling anybody. Her pussy was right under there, barely a few millimeters of semi sheer fabric separating it from fresh air and prying eyes, and acres of delectable ass on the other side.
Miki's head was all over the place. She felt awkward and embarrassed, yet she couldn't help but notice the effect she was having on James. He was staring at her chest, her crotch, all over, and it wasn't making her baseline uneasiness any worse. As she stood, taking shallow breaths in the restrictive and oddly comforting bustier, anxiety waned, yielding to relief, and a twinge of delight. He was reacting well, made evident by the bulge forming in his pants. If she could just get over the initial butterflies here... like Gwen used to say: 'you have to face your fears, and the only way to do that is to embrace them and push on through.' Wise words from someone so lost. "I don't know... I feel like a skank."
"You look beautiful, Miki."
"I'm glad you like it. I still need some time to get used to these." She pointed at the Plastic Fantastic shopping bag.
James nodded. "You can use my bedroom to change."
Miki disappeared into the bedroom, and minutes later emerged wearing the black rubbered fabric miniskirt and orange fuzzy tube top. "I kind of like this one. I'd actually wear it if my butt and my boobs weren't hanging out so much."
"I'm going to say that is, for sure, part of its charm."
"Which do you like better, my butt and my boobs, or both outfits?"
"I like all four of your things." He looked a little exasperated. She was baiting and he fell for it like a hormonal pubescent.
"I'm just fucking with you, James."
She walked a couple of laps around the apartment, settling in to her new state of (un)dress. With a little time her butterflies would dissipate, but shortcuts were required, Gwen wasn't getting any more found by Miki strutting around James' apartment like an esthete strumpet. "Pour me a shot, please."
James obliged. She downed it in one gulp and nodded at him for another. The second went down with more fire and squelched her anxiety enough to make the next move. She stopped in the middle of the room, about a foot and a half from where James was on the sofa and took a deep breath. "Ask me to take my clothes off."
"Do what?"
"Ask me to take these off." She gestured at her skimpy top and miniskirt.
He'd never seen her naked. And this was definitely not how he'd envisioned getting there. Flowers, dinner, a show, then back at his place, they'd both be a little tipsy, and embrace for a kiss. One thing would lead to another, and he'd unbutton one too many on her shirt, the curve of her breast, a glimpse of nipple maybe...
James snapped out of his post-adolescent fantasy and focused. There was something fascinating about how this was going down, aside from the obvious. She was skipping ahead out of necessity, the thought of it made James slightly uncomfortable, and more aroused. Should he have been a gentleman and declined?
"Take off your clothes, please."
Miki fought back the fear and cupped her left hand to her right breast, catching the bottom of the fuzzy fabric with her forefinger, and slowly lifting it, revealing the bottom of her small breast, then a little more, until she could feel the shock of cool air on her nipple. She continued lifting the tube top, now with both hands, and decided that ripping the bandaid off was the only way to do this without hyperventilating. Her little tits fell out as she pulled the skimpy top over her head. By the time she'd let it fall to the floor, her eyes were back on James, trying to gauge his reaction.
James wanted to stay cool, not make a huge fuss that might embarrass either or both of them. He felt like he was going to vibrate off the sofa with excitement. Her breasts were absolute works of art. They were small, symmetrical, with absolutely perfect curves from top to bottom. And those nipples. They were calling to him, standing at attention, impossible to ignore.
Miki was uncomfortable again. That was the only way to describe it. This was fucking hard. Just showing her tits. She kept telling herself it was no big deal. Her breasts are nice, part of her body, nothing shameful about that. But she did feel shame. She felt all the years of being told to cover up by her parents, warnings by every authority figure in her life, from grade school on, about the dangers of debauchery and lecherous males. Nudity was just not a thing in her family... one-piece bathing suits at the pool and the beach, and full length bathrobes the moment one left the bath or shower. The judgments... she could hear all of 'them' judging her right now.You're a wanton slut, Miss Lenz. Good girls don't strip for strangers!
"The skirt. Off." James figured she needed a little push.
Miki nodded, not at all sure she had it in her to let him seethatpart of her. Capillaries throughout her skin expand as her heart furiously pumped blood to the surface, spurred on by shame and... why was her downstairs so annoyingly alive? She unzipped her mini skirt and guided it over her hips, down her thighs, letting it fall past her ankles to the floor. The modest, reserved, and responsible second year law student was now standing naked except for the black, semi-sheer lace thong, and the pair of fuck-me-I'm-a-slut high heel sandals... and an unexpected rush of adrenaline.
"Turn around, let me see your ass. Are you ok with me talking to you like that? I kind of feel like you're tripping right now...". James was worried. Her face was red, she was breathing in short fits, andfucking hellshe was so beautiful he could barely believe any of this was happening.
"No it's good. I need this. Keep going." The words came out of Miki's mouth but were they hers? She wanted to run into the bathroom and cry. And she was holding back tears, but one escaped in all the excitement, and made a slow journey over her cheek before she wiped it away with her hand. She turned around and stared at the wall in front of her, trying to get her shit back together. Once she'd gulped another deep breath, she turned her head and saw a smile on James' face. Her ass was pretty amazing, she'd always considered it her best feature. A little bigger, to make up for her small breasts, but no fat, just gluteus maximus covered in soft, white skin, faint lines of her faded summer tan as the eye wandered to her legs.
"Bend over."
Her ass wasnotcovered by that tiny bit of fabric floss lost in the depths of her crack, and bending forward was going to be very... improper. Was she just supposed to bend over, or did this call for some kind of erotic pose, like spreading her cheeks? She was definitely not ready for that, so she kept it simple, giving James a very good look at the perfect globes of her ass cheeks. The edges of her labia majora made a shadowy appearance as they peeked out where the thong floss had yet to spread sufficiently to cover them.
"Take off your panties, Miki."
It's not like she didn't see this coming. She asked for it. She needed it. In her own words. But she still felt a wave of nausea. This wasn't a mere tittie flash. This was down to the real thing, showing her pussy to a man she had no intention of sleeping with at the moment. Very fucked up by Miki Lenz standards. She straightened herself back to a more comfortable standing position, then hooked her thumbs under the waistband of the thong and pulled them down over her hips and butt cheeks. She was still turned away from James, so he couldn't see much, just a tiny bit more of 'her' peeking out from under her ass.
"Turn around and show me your pussy." It sounded terrible. He couldn't believe he'd just said that. But it was done. She was going to hate him for this.
Miki did as she was told. She turned and faced James, with her hands covering her naughty sex. She was genuinely afraid, and perhaps what scared her the most was she could feel her moisture down there, and a very warm tension. Her nipples were hard as rocks, and a memory of watching Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom with her mom popped into her head, her mammal body was signaling readiness to potential mates...go fuck yourself Marlin Perkins.Flights down memory lane were a go-to defense mechanism for Miki. When she felt overwhelmed, random memories would flood in and whisk her away from the moment and into a protective bubble from the past. Sometimes comforting, sometimes disturbing, but always a little insulation from that current assault on her nerves. She needed to be here now. This was real, this was for Gwen. She moved her hands away and let James see... in all her shame and glory. Should she have shaved? Her long pussy lips... why couldn't she just have an innie, something a little less obscene?
James face glowed, like he'd seen the light at the end of a long dark tunnel. He desperately wanted to take her in his arms and give her a hug, just to feel her against his body. He'd never asked that question when she was clothed, it was pretty clear they weren't even at the hugging stage of friendship, and yet she was standing there, completely naked, for him to see. It was way too much. He let the full measure of her naked beauty sear into his mind. He would remember her this way until the day he died. "You're hired."
"Gee thanks Serena Lane." Miki covered her pussy and tits with her arms and hands as best she could, slipped herself back into her long coat, then gathered her discarded outfit. "Stage one complete."
"What's stage two?" James adopted a not entirely put on look of concern.
"I'll get some clothes back on and you'll see."
Miki walked out of James bedroom with the long coat still on. She opened it to reveal her fuzzy tube top and rubber miniskirt outfit. "We're going out in the wild."
"Right..."
~~~~~~~
James parked his Volvo just around the corner from 3rdSt. She'd chosen this particular location for its sidewalk traffic. Shops were open late, restaurants and bars kept the sidewalks fairly busy, and it was a mixed crowd, club kids, fine diners, retail, tech, and finance workers making their way home from late nights at the office. The long coat felt like armor as she and James rounded the quiet side street onto the bustling main thoroughfare. The prospect of taking it off and baring herself in public, on the street, was a little nauseating. "I don't know if I can."
"Then, please don't do it." If only she weren't so damned stubborn. As much as he wanted to see her in her skimpy outfit again, he desperately wanted to find a way to stop her from going on with this, and moreso, stop her from going undercover.
They passed a well dressed elderly couple, and half a block later Miki and James were witnesses to some very loud drama as a slightly overweight twenty-something brunette in a tiny bikini top and pair of way-too-shorts smacked the man standing next her (presumably her boyfriend) across the face and proceeded to berate him in a stream of expletives. Some kind of gauntlet had been thrown, and Miki, never one to turn down a competitive opportunity, opened the coat, let it fall from her shoulders, and handed it to James. Thankfully she didn't feel the need to slap him across the face.
She had achieved lift off.
The balmy night air pirouetted softly over her considerably bare skin. The orange tube top functioned as a billboard advertising the exposed portion of her tits, and her ass cheeks felt like they were maybe half an inch below the hemline of her miniskirt, thought that might have been the breeze at work. Without a word, she and James walked three blocks, through all manner of unsuspecting civilians. She was on a mission, only she and James knew, the rest of the world was 'them'. They leered, ogled, giggled, gave thumbs up, and whispered. It was more attention than she was accustomed to. She wanted it to feel better with each step, but it didn't. The exposure, the lewdness, even the cool factor of it felt alien and awkward. By the end of the three blocks she'd come to a sort of compromise. She owned what she wore as role play. It was a costume, for a character. Not her. The part was that of a daring young woman with few inhibitions, who relished sexual adventure of all kinds. The final test... she pulled the tubetop down and exposed her breasts just as they reached the corner, giving two strangers a brief, but full view of her chest, before she slinked around the corner. Her heart raced and her vision darkened at the edges, panic was not far off.
"Jacket. Now. Please."
James put the jacket over Miki's shoulders and came to a stop in front of her. "Are you ok?"
"I'm good." Miki's big blue eyes were dilated from the experience, and she gave James a nervous but warm smile as she spoke. "Thank you for doing this with me. I owe you big time."
"You don't owe me a thing, except to not get disappeared or killed."
~~~~~~~
James waited in the hallway as Miki opened the lock to her apartment. She turned to him before entering. "I... think you like me."
"I do. Very much."
"I'm going through with... this. Think about what that means."
"And I'm begging you to let it go. We'll find another way."
"We've tried. Believe me, I'd love to just pretend none of this ever happened, but I can't. I might end up in some... situations."
"Exactly why you need to rethink this, Miki."
"You're not going to like what I might..."
"Nothing you do will change how I feel. But if something happens to you... just promise me you'll be careful."
"I promise." Miki pushed open the door and disappeared into her sanctuary.
James didn't sleep, too much worry punctuated by intense moments of arousal, which shook off in a form of devotion to the woman he might never see again. At least not as he had known her.
~~~~~~~
An unending stream of disturbing thoughts kept Miki awake that night, too. Where was Gwen... was she still alive? And what was Miki becoming? She had gone to some unprecedentedly weird lengths the last few days, doing things she'd never have considered just a few weeks prior.
But foremost on her mind was the realization that no matter how crafty she was, how much she pretended she could get to the bottom of what happened to Gwen before anythingreallyhappened, she knew it was going to come down to this: exactly how far was she willing to go to find her friend? Tomorrow's appointment with Serena Lane would be the first real test of her resolve.
~~~~~~~
Public transportation only traveled the main arteries through the canyons and hills of this neighborhood, and Miki decided to use the forty five minute steep uphill walk along the winding roads as a kind of grounding meditation. By the time she arrived at 1856 DeHaviland Dr, her body was exhausted and sweaty, but her mind felt considerably sharper, freed from the metallic grasp of sleep deprivation she'd been fighting on the bus ride to the foothills.
She stood at an enormous front gate, looking for an intercom or a keypad, or any clue at all how to proceed. A surprisingly clear rendition of the sultry voice from the first two phone calls to The Dollhouse spoke her name. "Niki?"
Miki looked around. "Ummm... yes, I'm here for my appointment with Ms. Lane?"
"It's me, Serena. Follow the driveway and then walk down the path at the end. I'm in the smaller building on the right."
As the gate slowly swung open, the scent of jasmine and citrus filled her nostrils. She walked up the long driveway, then made her way down a little path through dense garden foliage. She stopped to gain her bearings as the trees and dense hedges gave way to a more open main garden. She'd had no idea what to expect. During her long, sleepless night she'd visualized a rundown brick building, a nondescript white office with a bloated grey vinyl sofa, stained brown carpet, and junked computer parts from a decade ago piled in the corner on top of a grizzled and otherwise nondescript office desk., like she'd occasionally run across when browsing porn. She was pretty sure that other than maybe the janitor's closet, none of the rooms on this estate looked anything like that.
The Spanish-Colonial estate was simultaneously majestic and serene, adorned with intricate carvings and vibrant colors that fell into harmony with the stunning vistas of the hills and city below. Whitewashed walls reached up to the bent clay tiled roof, ending in seemingly ancient and weathered wood beams. Each balcony was adorned with sculptures, flowers, and vines. The smaller building to the right of the main mansion was still larger than anything Miki had ever lived in, and matched the main building in style and decor.
Her sense of dread felt completely at odds with this environment. The soft sound of gravel crunching under her feet soothed her as she made her way to the 'little' building's front door, and the warm air and pleasant scents lulled her into a state of near serenity. She took a deep breath to quell her last doubts, exhaled, and pressed the doorbell.
The ornate teak wood door creaked open, and a tanned, muscular hand reached out, offered by a fit, good looking man with a shiny, perfectly bald head. Miki was intrigued. She though he might have been in his early thirties. "Niki?"
"Yes, hi. I'm here for—"
"Serena's four thirty. Follow me, please. I'm Alex, very nice to meet you. Did you have any trouble finding the place?" He led her past the entrance hall and down a foyer.
"Not at all..."
"Because it can be a little hard to find. Word of advice? Just be yourself. Serena has an eye for..." Alex looked Miki up and down, "... natural talent. Well, good luck, and if you need anything don't be shy, just ask."
"Thanks.. Alex?" 'Natural talent' sounded like code for small breasts and unspectacular looks.Confidence, Miki, don't listen to your brain right now. You can do this.
Alex nodded and opened the door to Ms. Lane's office. "Niki's here, darling."
Serena Lane peered up and over her iMac screen atop the expansive mahogany desk and gave Miki a long once-over. "Thanks. Hi Niki, come on in, have a seat. Alex, would you get us a bottle of white and two glasses?"
Miki took a seat on the other side of the desk from the gaunt wisp of a beauty that she suspected ran this serene empire of ill repute. Aside from a peculiar attractiveness, the first thing Miki registered about her was her bright orange, perfectly straight shoulder length hair, with razor perfect bangs that stopped just above her eyebrows. Her skin was pale, stretched over her very thin, long frame. Her plain white t-shirt, shiny black latex pants, and black fingernails heightened Miki's impression that she was in the room with a ghost. "So, Niki, tell me a little about yourself."
Miki hadn't expected any of this. The casual friendliness and calming environment were an assault on her pre-conceived notions, she felt disarmed and unprepared, which might have been why words just started tumbling out of her mouth. She babbled on about college, her trials and tribulations as a second year law student, her 'get laid' summer that didn't get much more than depressing, and her dire financial situation... "which is why, after thinking about it for a really long time, and tons of research, I decided escorting was something I actually really wanted to do. Also, my name is Miki. I don't know why I lied on the phone, I guess I was just nervous."
"Oh that's perfectly normal, darling."
Alex entered, carrying a tray with two glasses and an open bottle of Sauvignon. He set it on Serena's desk and poured for both, then exited without a word. Serena motioned to Miki, who took her glass.
Serena had seen girls like Miki, well maybe notjustlike Miki... there was something she couldn't quite put her finger on, something about her she instantly liked... but girls came up here with wild ideas of partying with hot rich guys, getting paid, getting saved, being whisked away from it all to blissful wealth and marriage - delusional fantasies waiting to be butchered. "Miki, it sounds like you definitely need to find work. Have you tried something a little more 'traditional'?"
"Right now I'm working as a hostess at a restaurant..."You're a fucking liar."...it's just I can't make anywhere near enough money to pay for college. My loans are all messed up this semester, I don't know if they'll get straightened out even in time for next year. But deep down I just really want to do this." She shook it off. Of course she had to lie. Deceit was a 'skill' she would to have to hone to perfection while undercover.
Serena had heard enough backstory, it was time to get to the point. "So, do you think you have what it takes to work here?"
"I do."
"And you understand that you'll be performing intimate, sexual acts? You will be allowing men to fuck your mouth, pussy, and ass, men you might not be attracted to, maybe even find repulsive." That question was usually the one to weed out the more tenacious tourists.
Miki put on her most ardent eager-beaver face for this answer, she had to sell Serena on it now or risk being turned away. "I don't judge. Everyone deserves to experience pleasure. And once I set my mind on something, I go all the way. I want to make some money, and, well... I just love to fuck." With that she took a big gulp of her wine, unzipped Gwen's bomber jacket and let it slip off her shoulders, revealing her tight black bustier.
Serena pointed at Miki and smiled. "Don't stop there."
Miki blushed, and Serena made a mental note. Shyness could be desirable and lucrative, as long as it stayed sincere without inhibiting the actual sex. The upstanding law student pulled off her leather ankle boots and stood up, took off the jacket entirely, and walked to the center of the room. Miki then unbuttoned her jeans as casually as she could muster, there was a bit of an awkward struggle getting the tight jeans and socks all the way off her legs and feet, the momentary embarrassment reminded her of getting an answer wrong on an oral test. She collected herself and stood with as much confidence and allure as she could regain, wearing just her skimpy bustier and black lace thong.
Serena pointed a bony index finger at the floor. "Jeans aren't very practical, are they? I love that corset though, tasteful. And your rear, very nice. Everything off please."
Miki unbuckled the front of the corset, reached back and unzipped her top. She held it against her torso, savoring her last moment of 'modesty', then jumped off the proverbial cliff, pulling it away and placing it on the chair next to her. Her breasts were hot and sweaty and flushed from being squeezed into the tight top, the rush of cool air in the room charged her nipples to a state of arousal.
This was it. She was stripping for a complete stranger for the first time in her life. She looked down at her panties, then over at Serena, in some vain hope she wouldn't have to take them off. The delusion was fleeing, she was applying for a job as a prostitute. Without further hesitation she pulled the panties entirely off and stood, naked, waiting for... something. This was the first time she'd shown her vagina to a stranger (other than two years ago when she'd changed ob-gyns but that didn't count) and it felt very awkward. Not sexual, not naughty, just embarrassing and uncomfortable. She smiled through it, and it struck her that this was another skill she would be employing frequently if things went well today.
Serena studied her, quietly and dispassionately. Miki felt her gaze sweeping over her breasts, down her tummy, landing between her legs.
"Take a seat on the chaise over there and spread your legs a bit, darling, I need to see your money makers." Miki shuddered at the transactional reduction of her nether regions. Serena slipped on a pair of blue nitrile surgical gloves, then crouched down for a close inspection, and Miki had little choice but to submit. A rush of cool air caressed the flesh between her thighs as she spread open for Serena's inspection. Her pussy was burning up, and the air chilled the tender flesh as it grazed her moist lips.
"Do you have any diagnosed illnesses, allergies, or other medical conditions we should be aware of?" Serena reached out her gloved hand and brushed Miki's mound, then slid between her thighs and cupped her.
Miki exhaled, trying as hard as she could to feel less like livestock at an abattoir. "Nope, I'm all healthy."
Serena indicated to Miki's legs. "Prop those up, darling, I need to get in there." She opened a drawer in the side table next to the chaise and produced a surgical speculum and a small flashlight. Miki wasn't sure if she should be terrified or grateful. Even if this did feel like a doctor's visit, she was having her pussy stretched open and stared at in abrothel.
Serena spread Miki's inner labia apart with two fingers. "Legs a little wider please..."
Miki gulped hard, but obeyed.
"...Thanks, darling." Serena plunged a thin gloved finger inside her tight, unexpecting hole and probed her insides. She should have seen it coming, but all she could do was choke on her surprise. Serena pushed against her walls first, testing the prospective escort's internal tensile strength and smoothness, then rubbed the bundle of nerves on her front wall, just behind the clitoris, checking for response. Miki trembled and let out a soft gasp.
"This will probably feel a bit cold, sorry." Serena poured a dollop of clear, thick lube on the business end of the speculum, spread Miki's lips open, and pushed the tip against her vaginal entrance. The hard, cold steel gave her a shock, and when Serena pushed harder and penetrated her, Miki tensed to the point of pain. As the metal warmed inside her, she began to relax, as much as it was possible to relax with several ounces of surgical steel shoved inside her pussy. Serena squeezed the grip, splitting the double bladed beak, and spread Miki's gaping hole open wide. Miki forced herself to control her breathing and suppress tears as Serena locked off the device and clicked on the flashlight, illuminating her insides as she was inspected and further probed.
All Miki could do to not completely lose it was retreat into her memories. Her first visit to that new ob-gyn two years ago, the cold metal stirrups as she spread her legs and was inspected in her most private area by a stranger. Gwen was there, had held her hand for comfort... Miki had been freaking out about the appointment for days. And she remembered her intense, disembodied arousal, and the mortification she'd felt knowing a man she'd never met before had his face right up in her business and was undoubtedly noting her vagina secreting copious amounts of lubrication, a sure sign she was 'enjoying' herself. She'd forgotten that, until now. By the time she'd finished replaying the memory, Serena had extracted the surgical tool from her insides, and Miki's pussy was gushing. Maybe that would count in her favor.
"Ok, flip over on your knees, please."
Miki, not quite sure where this was going, did as she was told, and positioned herself on her hands and knees, providing Serena with a full view of her rear.Oh no, please no... fuck...She felt a dollop of cold, thick liquid on her ass, followed by Serena's finger distributing the lubricant around her anus. It felt surprisingly good, and Miki's pussy tingled, transmitting a little shudder of pleasure through her body.
The next sensation, a small point of cold and unyielding pressure against her puckered little hole, ignited Miki's system into involuntary alarm and her sphincter into lockdown.
"Push out, darling. If you want to be a Dollhouse girl, this is going inside."
She steadied herself and pushed out, as instructed, but it wasn't enough.
"Push a little harder, please, or this is really going to hurt. Have you ever had anyone in there?"
Miki shook her head 'no' and made a grunting sound as the beak of the speculum poked inside her anus, then suppressed a scream as she felt the the tapering shaft slide inside, come to a stop, and split apart, opening her anus and lower rectum for inspection. The pain on her ring was hard to bear, and her face twisted into a hard wince. She heard the click of the flashlight, and imagined the bright light searing her insides. As soon as it began it was over, the speculum retracted and extracted, and the intense pain quickly subsided into something not altogether unpleasant: a rush of endorphins and the elation of relief.
"That wasn't so bad, was it? I recommend a little training. You'll want to start with a small plug right away, darling. Unless you're fond of pain."
Miki needed this. "I kind of liked it." It was a lie, but it felt appropriate.
Serena opened a closet next to her desk and pulled out a small black box, handed it to Miki. "I'd wear it overnight if you can. It'll make all the difference next time something goes in there."
"I'll work hard on that."
Serena laughed. "Ok, you can have a seat. Don't bother getting dressed, I'm going to make you an offer, and if you sign we'll get you onboarded right away. How quickly can you start?"
"Oh wow, thank you! I guess tomorrow? Whenever you need me?" The thoroughly surreal experience of sitting at a desk for a job interview, completely naked, and waiting to sign documents... Miki couldn't suppress a little giggle. This felt good. She was so fucking competitive. The thought of this woman finding her suitable, attractive enough to work at The Dollhouse, next to the likes of Misty and Honey, and Gwen, was a powerful rush. It shouldn't have been, being so cravenly fulfilled by objectification and sexualization would have horrified her in any other circumstance.
Once Miki signed, Serena pressed a button on her phone. "Alex, in here, please."
Miki's heart raced. The image of a dingy amateur porn casting site rushed into the front of mind, the startled newcomer with the deer-in-the-headlights gaze as she stripped for the camera, her look of shock when her 'co-star' entered stark naked with his massive cock already hard and waiting to be sucked. Her knees on the dirty carpet, stained from hundreds of... This was not happening, not now!
Alex entered, thankfully fully clothed, carrying a tripod and a very expensive looking digital camera. Miki gulped. Serena rose and beckoned Miki back to the chaise lounge. "We need some pictures. Alex, she's got a lovely derriere, don't you think? I think that'll be a hot item."
"Definitely going to be in demand. Ok Niki, I'm going to take some pictures. Have you done any modeling before?"
"This is my first time."
Alex retrieved Miki's bustier and panties. "Let's start with these on, ok Niki?"
"It's Miki. I'm sorry I lied."
"We all do it."
Miki put on her outfit, and Alex snapped a few warmup pics of her standing, slightly awkwardly, like when she got her first high school yearbook pictures. "Is that alright? Should I move around or something?"
Alex looked at Serena. "I like this one. She's different." He repositioned the tripod and spoke as he studied his composition in the screen on the back of the camera body. "You look amazing sweetie, doing great. Just turn to the side and look into the lens... great... Now the other side please... aright, unzip and let the top slide down just a bit, let one of your nipples show over the top... mhm, very nice."
A few more teasing poses followed by effusive encouragement from behind the camera, and Miki was topless. She smiled, but felt like prey. She tried to adopt a sultry, sophisticated look which left her feeling like a half baked Morticia Addams impersonator, so she switched gears and went with her boyfriend-bedroom go-to: perky and athletic. Alex seemed to respond well to that. "Ok, lose the panties."
She wrestled them off. Most of the skirmish was with her conscience, the battlefield was the lower half of her body, and as with all wars, the winner also bore heavy casualties: her loss of dignity. Her bare pussy and ass were about to be captured and immortalized on the internet, with a potentially vast number men she'd never met waiting to leer over and pay to use those parts of her body that she had, up until now, held sacred. The more she thought about it, the more terrifying the idea of the world wide web seeing her nudity became. What would her parents, teachers, and friends think if they stumbled across her full screen vagina immortalized on a brothel's website? She banished the thought as best she could, why would her family be browsing The Dollhouse website anyway... just as Alex asked her to spread her legs and part her pussy with two fingers. She froze. It had been one thing to have a woman clinically probe her sexual orifices, but this was way farther than she'd planned on going. Of course it was.
She was a prostitute now. Or, at least, she was playing one.Deep cover. Save Gwen. Your sister, your best friend. This is life or death.She spread her legs, reached down between her thighs, curled her hips up to give the camera better access, and pried her pussy lips apart in a lewd and utterly pornographic display of her own sex to the camera, and by extension, the entire world, or at least anyone who cared to look. Her face was twisted into a bizarre grin, sixty percent cutesy-cheese-cake 'oh you caught me', forty percent anguish.
Alex smiled. "Ok great, now lie back on the chaise, we'll get some of you playing with yourself. If you can make yourself cum, that would be great. If you need assistance just let me or Serena know, we're happy to help."
This was never going to end, was it? "Ha ha ha... I'll manage."Calm. Happy thoughts. A walk in the forest, sitting by yourself in the shelter of trees. Just breathe.Her pussy was soaking wet. It should no longer have come as a surprise, but it still did, and it still bothered her 'higher self' that she was sexually aroused by objectification, degradation, and embarrassment. It made her sad to think that any part of her wanted this out of a sex life. Was she a broken human, and would this deranged perversion turn out to be her true calling? Or her demise?
She sat back, the fine white leather felt reassuring, almost sensual on her skin. She put one foot up on the chaise, leaving her other foot on the floor, in a spread-wide pose, and began to softly rub her wet, throbbing cunt... for Gwen. She spread her long, elastic lips, allowing her fingers to slide in, around, and over her folds, distributing her now steadily flowing juices around and up to her swelling clit, Alex punctuating every move she made with a blinding flash and that irritating fake 'click' sound of the digital camera as he captured every millimeter and millisecond of her humiliation for public posterity. By the time he called wrap every part of her body was in a state of post orgasmic liquefaction. Her second climax sent little spurts of girl cum across the lens for a truly mortifying finale. It was the first time in her life she'd ejaculated externally, yet more evidence that she there was something deeply, irretrievably wrong with her.
She'd dressed, been congratulated, and given a complimentary car and driver for her trip back home. All in a daze, like she was living someone else's life. Her body felt like a stranger, and her mind held only a fading echo of who and what she'd always believed she was. Serena would be in touch, maybe a day or two, she needed to keep her phone on and answer any calls or risk being let go.
~~~~~~~
After an unsuccessful attempt at nibbling leftovers from her fridge, Miki spent the next few hours trying to summon tears. It seemed to her like she should be crying. Did her life even still belong to her? She'd crossed a line so profound that maybe there was no way back. But no tears came. When Serena rang it was just past ten p.m. and Miki was in bed, hoping that sleep would bring something, maybe she'd dream about her lost innocence, or at least wake up and realize all of this had just been a long, stupid nightmare.
"Hi it's Miki."
Serena's voice, sultry as ever, cooed in her ear. "Darling, first I want you to log onto your page. I've emailed you the link. Do it now, please."
Miki reached for her laptop on the bedside table and found the mail from serena.lane at The Dollhouse - she clicked on the link and waited for the page to load. The first picture was of her in her bustier top, smiling innocently. She looked beautiful, clean, perky. Nothing like she felt. "I see it." She hovered over the 'menu' and saw what her services were worth: $350 / 15 minutes for oral, $1200 / hr for vaginal, $1500 / hr for anal, and $3500 / hr for goup sex (up to seven m and/or f).
She calculated she could clear over $20k per week if she was moderately in demand. That was more money in a month than she'd probably earned in her entire life so far, and between now and the time she graduated, would be more than enough to cover her current financial gap through law school, pay off her loans in a couple years, not decades, and have enough left over to establish a practice after graduation. And buy property.There should be tears right now, why am I doing the fucking math? What is wrong with me?
She clicked the arrow on the right side of the screen and scrolled through the layout that Alex uploaded. He was truly gifted. In these pictures she was a different person, innocent, playful, sexyandshy, where she'd remembered feeling awkward, afraid, and humiliated. But then she hadn't been feeling herself at all today, starting with Serena's examination. She was fascinated by this person, vaguely her, on the screen. She stopped after the first close up picture of her spread pussy lips. It mesmerized her, she couldn't take her eyes off her own full-screen anatomy, but also couldn't bear to see the rest. "They look great, Alex is so good!"
"I'm glad you like them, darling. Go to the outcall page, it's a link on the bottom left. You have a client request."
Her heart nearly fell out of her chest. This was... way ahead of schedule. Miki had worked the whole plan out in her head over the last two days. She'd get the job, do the orientation and tour of the facilities, some training. And in that time she'd find little opportunities to snoop, maybe excusing herself to the bathroom and getting lost, finding some in-between moments to ask questions of people that worked at the facility. She had planned to be in and out of there before anyone wanted to 'hire' her, and hand whatever she found over to Lt. Thompson.
She was not a prostitute, she was not going to let strangers fuck her for money.Two hours of what the fuck? No. Fucking. Way.
"Oh that's so exciting. Only, I'm feeling a little overwhelmed right now, this all happened so fast."
"I understand. But the thing is, darling, you signed a contract that explicitly states you will be available for all calls, barring hospitalization or death. Can I assume you're not currently hospitalized?"
Time is money. "No, I'm at home." It was now or never. She'd think of something on the way, find some way to weasel out of whatever madness lay ahead. She just needed to buy some time or all her efforts would go to waste and she'd never find Gwen. "Where do I go?"
"That's a very good girl. You'll love this guy, he's a sweetie. I'll send you the address."
"Alright, I'll be ready to go in forty five minutes?" Miki needed to time to get drunk enough to even consider entering a strange man's home.
"Your driver is on his way, you'll be ready in twenty minutes. Wear the outfit from this afternoon."
"I'll be ready."
She hung up, and stared at the wall for a minute, hyperventilating, then collected herself enough to shower. She washed herself thoroughly for reasons she couldn't fathom, then dried off, and threw on a dash of eyeliner, eyebrow pencil, and a quick shot of red lipstick. She managed to get in her costume and cover herself, again in Gwen's bomber jacket, down two shots of vodka, and make it to the curb in front of her apartment only two minutes late. She was a punctual girl; two minutes were as much as she could bear to take from someone else's day. Without fully understanding why, she realized she'd grabbed two packets of ketchup from the kitchen table and stuffed them in her little clutch purse. Gwen had amassed quite a collection from her Doordash habit.
The car came to a stop at a sleek downtown high rise condo complex. One of those pencil thin affairs that looked like it would topple in a light breeze.
Miki walked through the shiny lobby feeling like dirt blown in off the street. The bomber jacket was long enough to hide her practically bare ass. She figured she'd have been ejected on site. As it was, she felt eyes on her, questioning, judging, knowing she wasn't worthy, not only an impostor, but also... soiled.
The reality was nobody cared. The city was an entertainment capital, and people here were inured to all states of dress, from couture that would make a prostitute blush, to attention seeking manufactured wardrobe malfunctions, to the most conservative ankle to neck morality armor, they'd seen it all, and a pretty girl in a bomber jacket with amazing legs in fishnet stockings was just another average Thursday night.
She'd made it through the lobby without losing her shit, but the elevator ride, in solitude, was threatening her tightly wound sanity.Just breathe.At the seventeenth floor she exited, strode down the clean, sparse hallway over the plush dark grey carpet to suite 1708. She remembered waiting for Misty and wondered if her 'client', Francis, was feeling the same sense of anticipation as she and James had that first night.
And then it hit her: the ketchup. Her period! She'd be on her 'period', and he wasn't going to want to touch her there. With any luck he'd be grossed out, and she'd cry and pull on his heartstrings not to tell Serena, and promise a raincheck. It had to work. She unzipped her jacket, bit open the first ketchup packet, and squirted it in the bottom of her panties. It was freezing fucking cold and felt utterly disgusting as it squished into her labia, but it was better than letting this who-knows-what-kind-of-person have his way with her.
After a steadying moment she knocked on the door, and Francis opened his apartment to her.
"Hi, come on in."
"Thanks". The perky athletic girl persona clawed its way to the surface first, and a wide smile bloomed, almost involuntarily.
"Oh my god, just look at you! Way better than your pictures."
"Thanks." Miki blushed. Francis was in his mid forties, wearing a blue dress shirt, a pair of black slacks, and black leather shoes of no particular distinction. He was kind of nice looking. The bones were there - tall, nice face, good frame, not exactly overweight, but age and lack of discipline had done some damage. His hairline was receding, he had a good little paunch going around his belly and waist, and he was a little pale. He was definitely not someone she planned on sleeping with, if that even was ever an option, which it most certainly was not. "You're not bad yourself!"
"Thanks. Niki, was it?"
"Yes sir. Niki... Spencer." Guess Who's Coming to Dinner had been on her mind for some unfathomable reason, and the image of a judgmental Spencer Tracy flashed in her head as she spoke the name.Should have thought of that this afternoon.
"Cool name. Hey, you want something to drink?"
"Sure, you got anything strong?" She was going to need some more chemical assistance climbing out on this limb.
"I guess you're new over there. Never seen your profile before." He handed Miki a short glass of bourbon.
"Brand new, just started today." The sip slid down her throat and lit her insides with warm, tingly waves to soothe her nerves.
"Aren't I lucky? I get to pop your Dollhouse cherry. How about you take off that jacket and relax a little bit?" It sounded more like a firm suggestion than a question.
Miki fumbled with her zipper, thinking about stalling as much as possible, then thought the better of it. That wasn't the hill she was going to die on. She'd practiced this, she was ready. She opened the jacket slowly, to reveal herself to her client, first the black leather bustier corset with her little breasts still barely contained, then the tiny lace g-string and fishnet stockings. She crossed her legs, hoping to look sexy and hide her privates from his gaze at the same time. A glob of dark red ketchup smeared on her left inner thigh, supposedly leaking from 'up there'. She took another sip of bourbon.
"You are quite a treat, Niki. Your pics seriously don't do you justice. Hey... um... you got something down there."
Miki looked down at her crotch, feigning surprise, and put on a shy, embarrassed look. "I'm really sorry, it was supposed to be over! Oh god I'm in so much trouble..."
Francis took a long gulp of his bourbon. "Oh, no way. I love red weddings. But if you don't feel up to pussy fucking you can just suck my cock."
Fuck. Fucking... fuck. Just suck his cock?!"Mmmm I'd love to do that, put your big man muscle in my mouth." Her face fell from faux horny vixen to slightly more sincere lost waif. The thought of Serena finding out, and probably shit-canning her after this ignominious first night of failure, stung. Miki didn't fail like this, at anything. She just hoped Francis would confuse her current turmoil for remorse. "May I use your bathroom for minute? I need to freshen up."
"Be my guest. Third door on the left." Francis pointed at the hallway on the other side of the living room, and Miki sauntered her way there, hoping her ass would provide enough distraction while she considered her next moves.Appeal to his sense of mercy. Clean up, and come back outside. You can do this.
After 'freshening up', which consisted mainly of staring in the full length bathroom mirror and giving herself a good talking to, she walk back and took a seat next to Francis on the sofa. "I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment. On my first day... of my dream job."
"Oh sweetie, don't give it a second thought. It'll be our little secret, I promise." Francis sat next to Miki and wiped away the only teardrop that managed to escape as it rolled down her cheek.
"Do you mind?" Francis leaned in for a kiss. She shook her head, closed her eyes and puckered her lips, hoping inspiration would strike and she'd devise a way to extricate herself more completely from this 'situation', but nothing came to mind that didn't jeopardize her mission. His lips brushed against hers, then his tongue quickly found shelter between them. She surprised herself by kissing back, and as his tongue met hers, his hand deftly unzipped her.
This was not at all going the way she'd hoped. He was very strong, the zipper stood no chance, and in what seemed like seconds, her top was off and he was groping her pretty little breasts with his large fingers and calloused palms. It should have made her flesh crawl, but instead it perked up her nipples and she noticed a warm surge between her legs. She even moaned into his mouth and unbuttoned his shirt, running her fingers over his chest softly. Like she was possessed.
Francis pulled away and drank in this vision of young beauty. She was almost exactly his type. Young looking, but not too young. Little tits, solid fucking ass, and delicate white skin. He could squint past her fitness, he liked them a little softer and maybe more pliant, but Niki was fucking hot and his dick was so hard it was going to fall off if he didn't stuff it in some part of her asap. She'd look lovely sucking on his sausage.
Miki was trying hard to come to terms with the 'situation'. No amount of scheming and plotting had yielded a viable exit strategy, and she didn't need a 4.0 grade point average to know that Francis was expecting to put his cock in her mouth at some point soon. Maybe the building would catch on fire. Maybe there'd be an earthquake.Yeah right.More realistically maybe she could just get him to masturbate to completion, like she did with James. She'd have to go a little farther, take all her clothes off and maybe touch herself. It was just feeble, and highly unlikely.
"You ok? Seems like you drifted off there...". Francis leaned over and sucked on Miki's left nipple. Her breath shortened, his lips and tongue felt so damned good.
"I'm ok Francis, sorry. New job jitters, know what I mean? Mmmm...". She tilted her head back and momentarily succumbed to his mouth's soft caress on her breast and nipple.I am playing the part of Niki Spencer. She's not me.
Frances lifted his mouth from her breast, "you're doing great so far. No need to be nervous, sweetie." His words soothed her against all reason, and then his lips moved to her other breast.I need to get the fuck out of this apartment right now... but Niki Spencer wants to stay a little longer.
She ran her fingers through his thinning hair. It was soft, and clean, and he smelled nice. He pulled away from her. "I want to see more."
She smiled back at him. The warm, amber hum that had been building between her legs had escalated into an emptiness that needed filling. Niki Spencer wanted to be here, loved to fuck, and they both needed the money.
She stood up from the sofa and awkwardly held her arms at her side, then hooked her thumbs under the waistband of her thong. After a moment's hesitation, she pushed it down over her hips and thighs, still hiding herself from his view. It didn't feel like what she was doing was all that wrong. James, Serena, and Alex, plus who knows how many people on the internet, had seen all of her in the last 48 hours. She knew she was naughty as fuck, stripping for a man she'd never met until this evening, but it also felt thrilling, and she wanted to be thrilled.
Francis' gaze was fixed on her nipples, her areolae extended into little cone shapes now as her breasts hung below her chest, her nipples harder than they were minutes before. When she finally gathered the courage to stand back up straight, he was thrilled. He could tell she was still nervous and it was such a refreshing change from the jaded, hardened women he'd grown accustomed to. He knew he wasn't going to enter her down there today, but she was so pretty downstairs. "Show me, Niki, spread your legs." He was going fuck her pussy, eventually, he was sure of that.
Miki took a deep breath, then exhaled a nervous giggle as she took a step to the side so Francis could see between her legs. She wanted to be seen. Francis reached out and softly stroked her tight belly, then ran his fingers down over her mound, stopping there for a moment to feel her silky soft bush before moving on to her beautiful lips. He brushed them lightly, the tingles from where he touched her traveled through her body and came out as a shiver. He pinched one labia between his thumb and forefinger, and gently rolled the tender, sensitive flesh a bit before tugging and stretching her, the repeated the same thing on her other lips, shivers traveling from her cunt up into her chest. "So beautiful." Miki moaned as he slid a finger down her crevice and just every so slightly into her wet hole, respectfully shallow enough to avoid her 'bleeding', farce that it was. He moved his juice slicked finger back up to her clit and pressed gently to the left, then to the right. She moaned again. He placed his hand on her tummy and gently nudged her back onto the sofa, Niki Spencer collapsed back onto it and kept her legs open for him, like a good little whore.
Through the gathering haze of her arousal she registered the increased pace of his breathing and wondered how long it would be before he put his cock in her mouth. She could almost taste him. This was becoming a dangerous game, as much as she wanted Francis to touch her in all the right places, he was going to notice that she wasn'tactuallybleeding, and it would reveal her lie. Would he just fuck her and keep quiet? Niki wanted to be fucked so badly. It was too weird and too risky... and not at all right.
She sat up, closed her legs a little, and unbuckled Francis' belt. "My turn." He stood up in front of her and grinned in approval as she quickly lowered his slacks and shorts, freeing his throbbing cock. She brushed her fingers against his shaft. He wasn't too big, maybe average or a little less? She gripped him with her index finger and thumb, still tentative, still hesitating. His flesh was a little dark, spongy soft, and it felt warm and good in her gentle grip as she stroked him. After a few more hesitant strokes she wrapped her fingers around his shaft and felt his veins pulsing against her palm, and felt a jolt of excitement at her ability to please him.
Her stomach tightened and then turned. What the fuck was she doing?
She could still stop this, go home, and try to forget everything that happened today. She noticed his belly hanging a little and felt a wave of revulsion. The dimmed overhead light wasn't kind to his figure. Was she really about to suck the cock of a marginally attractive middle aged stranger? She didn't love him. She hadn't even met him drunk at a bar, hoping to get some. She had been paid for, and was expected to pleasure him with her body until he ejaculated. Niki Spencer could do that.
Francis noticed Miki's hesitation. Having hired the services of what had likely been several hundred 'professional' women over the last many years, he'd seen this on a few occasions. New girls rethinking their life choices while staring down the barrel of a hard cock. There was something more in her eyes, though. He could see her desire, a conflict raging inside her, and it tickled him to no end. She just needed a little help. "Get on your knees."
Miki, startled out of her reverie, glanced up at Francis. Was he angry? No, but he looked hungry. For her. She slipped off the sofa and onto her knees, looking into his eyes, then down at his cock. Niki would.... she leaned forward and kissed his head, placing her lips around the slit and gently, inquisitively touching her tongue against it. Warm, stiff but still soft enough to give way a little as she slid her tongue up over the hole, then down and a little underneath, to the junction of his shaft. Then she pulled away. Niki spoke. "You taste good."
"Show me what a good little cock sucker you are, Niki."
Butterflies fluttered in her tummy still. Miki wasn't in complete control, more like just along for the ride that Niki was now taking them on. He curled his fingers into her hair and pushed his hips forward until his cock rested on her lips again. Her 'innocent' beauty and the thought of his cock violating her mouth lit his lust like kerosene. She closed her eyes and opened her mouth, waiting for him. As he entered her wet warmth, an incendiary rush of pleasure raced from his scalp down to his toes. She was so soft, her wet tongue dancing softly under his head.
Miki was revisited by the certain feeling that she was an impostor, unworthy, and would be found out any minute. The anxiety spreading through her chest quickened her breath and tightened the muscles in her jaw, the exact opposite of what her limited experience had taught her was a half decent blowjob. She forced her face to relax, then slowed her breathing.Move your tongue. Relax.The image of her second ever sexual partner issued forth from those thoughts, his was the first cock she'd ever sucked.Be Niki. Want this.She could smell Francis' scent, musky, a little acrid, but also a little sweet. She closed her eyes, pushed her lips down over his shaft and sucked, then moved forward, pulling him deeper in her mouth. If she did a good job would it be over quicker? Miki always tried her very best.
Francis loved a good blowjob, maybe more than actual pussy fucking. Her pretty face filled by him, her slow, shallow motions over his head and the end of his shaft, she was either teasing him, or a little cock shy. Either way was fine with him. He planned to give that cute little face the fucking it deserved. She'd taken enough time playing with the tip of his cock, and he was feeling greedy for her, so he tightened his grip on her hair a little and guided her, setting her pace. As he plunged deeper into her mouth, a flood of saliva coated him and filled the little bit of empty space left. "That's a good girl. Suck that fucking cock, you pretty little whore." Miki kacked up some drool as his shaft plunged it out of her mouth, and the clear saliva, fell in little streams down her chin, dripping on her perky little tits.
He'd caught her by surprise, the harsh words, the light pain on her scalp as he pulled her hair, his stiff cock now tickling the edges of her gag reflex, her stomach tightening in little convulsions as she fought the impulse to purge her body of the foreign invader. It was uncomfortable, a little disgusting, and she felt helpless and out of control.
Her former persona, Miki Lenz, ambitious and responsible law student, loyal friend, sexually conservative and sometimes frustrated woman... lurking in a dark corner somewhere, while Niki Spencer, sex worker and gagging whore was calling the shots. She'd seen so many videos of girls taking much bigger dicks down their bulging throats, the look of pain and ecstasy in that kind of submission had, on more than one occasion, fascinated her.
Make me choke on it, Francis. Fuck Niki Spencer's throat until she passes out in a pool of your cum.
Miki had always had a sensitive reflex, using a toothbrush to clean her tongue required meditative restraint. Having a stiff cock pumping back and forth over her tongue trying to force its way to the back of her mouth had cracked open the door to some new kind of subversive need.
Make me forget, fill me up and use me until there's nothing left.
She pushed forward on him until her nose scrunched up against his mons pubis. Her body spasmed, a barely human expression of moaning, choking, and coughing quaked over his tool as he thrust harder, in time with her urges.
Francis was touched by her struggles, each time she pushed him out of her mouth and took a moment to dry heave and collect herself he caressed her scalp. This time leaned down to give her a sensual kiss, she'd just expectorated a thick gob of saliva and looked... on the verge. She blinked a few times to push out some of the welling tears, and opened her mouth signaling her readiness for more. Maybe she didn't exactly feel ready, but she needed more. As soon as his cock re-entered her, he aimed for her throat. She hung on by a thread, helped by the fact that he was mercifully too short to push her past her physical limits.
Her mind was scrambled, some kind of cross-wired, savage lust dragging her by her mess of hair to an orgasm. He pistoned her face, spittle flying, tears streaming down her cheeks, pussy practically screaming to be filled, and Miki was spellbound, cast in her role as submissive fuck hole. She cupped her vagina, pressing her palm against her clit as she pulled some of the juice spilling from her hole up with her fingers, then went to town on her little hot-button, without a single thought about ketchup, blood, or Serena Lane.
Naked on her bare knees.
Legs spread, fingers stuffed in her cunt hole, thumb dancing over her clitoris.
Face full of, and choking on, random cock.
Defilement consummated.
The first convulsion almost took her consciousness, the only thing tethering her to the present was Francis' swelling and throbbing shaft lodged deep in her mouth, his ridges almost painfully rubbing over her tongue. She bounced and bobbed up and down in spite of her near overwhelming euphoria, pushing her fingers in and out of her own throbbing sex, the itch demanded scratching, the dam ready to break... and then she let loose... a shaking, shuddering climax, and a little spurt of liquid, wetting her legs and the floor beneath her, as Francis cock spasmed and ejected the first rope of his thick musky sperm inside her mouth. She gagged and choked. It tasted delicious and vile, she was going to drown and had to get him out of her mouth. She pulled back and another spurt of cum plastered her upper lip and filled her nostril. She coughed, and tried to blow his cream out of her nose but it wouldn't budge. She scrambled to breathe, fighting against and desperate for the torrents of cum, fucking herself to continued ejaculation and bliss drenched exhaustion, as Francis emptied himself onto her pretty, wrecked face. More of his cum struck her eyebrows, cheeks, and forehead, the thickest clumps staying in place, the wetter, thinner gobs sliding in slithering streaks down her pretty features, leaving a wet, shiny trail over her delicate white skin.
As her own climax waned, she felt the totality of her humiliation. Her face was plastered with a stranger's sperm, and yet she was inconceivably satisfied. Memories of this would probably haunt her at some point, but in the moment she felt sublime.
The shower after, graciously provided by her client, was a slow march back to reality. The hot water felt great, washing away all the filth she'd been subjected to over the previous hour plus. She scrubbed her skin with a brand new boar bristle brush and used the handheld shower head, her fingers, and a fresh, clean washcloth to thoroughly cleanse her privates which were drenched in her own honey and ejaculate. But no amount of hot water could wash away the feeling that she'd crossed another line that couldn't just be erased. Miki Lenz, the law student, would, at least for the foreseeable future, be intimately and frighteningly enmeshed with Niki Spencer, the sex worker.
Her drive home was calm and quiet, and gave her a little bit of space to come back to being Miki. It also gave her a bit of time to reflect on her very long and very strange day: while she didn't get any direct leads, she did feel a sense of accomplishment, and one step closer to the truth. She had not only been hired to work for The Dollhouse, but she'd proven herself 'worthy' tonight, and with a little bit of ingenuity and, she sincerely hoped, not too much more depravity she was certain she could get to the bottom of it all.