Where is the line between fantasy and reality?
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
Note: Films don't normally shoot in chronological order. However, the shooting order makes for a poor story, so I took the liberty of having this film shoot chronologically. I also tried to show the film action separate from the rest, using "Cut!" and "Action!" Hopefully, it won't break the immersion too much.
= = = = = = = = = =
My agent set up a meeting with Jack Coulson, the producer of the latest Mortal Kombat flick. Jack said, "With the success of other series doing R-Rated films for some of their characters, I want to go for that market with this flick. This lets us show a lot more skin, and you are well known for that. We can also go further with the action and show more gore."
"While I am all for adding sex, I would be careful when adding blood and gore. Too much, and you break the implied contract with the audience, especially if the good guys are the ones responsible. Having gore for a final blow, can be excused, as that is a core part of the series legacy."
"Quite right. Bad guys, however, don't play nice, so they may do a bit more. I already have a team on determining what level of gore will make the most profit. I already know there is never too much sex, so there will be as much sex as the story will support. You will also get to show more skin, and have several wardrobe malfunctions. You also get to have sex with several others, male and female."
"Sounds fun. Will Pulse and Blight be in this?"
"Yes, and by the same actresses." He saw me frown. "Is there a problem with that?"
"Maybe. Jewel just got married, and is now pregnant. That could complicate shooting schedules, with her being either very pregnant or needing a lot of time with her baby close by."
"I did not know that. I'll look into that." He wrote something on his phone, or maybe texted someone. "Assuming we work that out, do you see any other potential problems?"
"Nothing that can't happen to any project."
"Good. Then, I'd like you to go through the draft script. I want you to critique it, and also make suggestions. You are an expert at sexy warriors, and have enough experience to know what works."
"I'd be happy to do that."
"I'll send the script to your agent, then."
Later that night, I read the script to get a sense of the story. I had a hard time going to sleep as I was thinking about the latest prosthetics I planned to use for the extra arms. The new control system would blow everyone away. In the morning, I would go over it again, making comments, corrections, and suggestions. Eventually, I fell asleep.
I was so excited that I skipped my dawn swim, and dived instead into the script. My first pass was to critique the script and make comments about everything I thought was wrong for the character or the plot, or that would make filming difficult. My next pass was to make suggestions that would tighten the story or make it more intense. The third pass was to make suggestions to add sex and violence that fit the story. I may have gone a tad overboard on the sex side, but I figured no one would mind that.
Filipe saw to it that I had breakfast, and he made sure Cindy and Tammy would feed me later. I ate when I smelled food next to me, but I barely registered it, I was so focused on the story. When I finished, I sat back and stretched... for a second. I realized I needed the bathroom immediately, and I teleported rather than walk just to save a few seconds. I took care of business then showered before going back to my desk. Just in case, I went over all my comments to ensure they made sense.
I fired off an email off to the producer with all my comments. Then I looked about to see what was going on. That's when I found I had gone through the whole day, and it was dark out. I checked the time and saw that it was near the time we would head to bed. So I went downstairs, and joined Filipe on the couch and put my arm around him.
"So, you came up for air."
"Yeah. I got real focused, and I think I got a lot done with that script."
"What script?"
"A new Mortal Kombat script. I am the lead, and it will be R-Rated, and the producer asked me to critique it."
"R-Rated. Oh, my. Well. They got the right actress to do it."
"Yeah. But I think I helped make it better."
"Good. How about you? Are you okay? You've been stuck at that desk all day."
"I'll manage. While I have been inactive all day, physically, I don't think I'll have any difficulty getting to sleep tonight. But you can help with an intense sex session with me."
"I'll be happy to help. Should I invite Cindy?"
"If you want. She can help wear me down."
"In that case, I'll let her know." He texted her, and she arrived a few minutes later.
"Cindy, we're going to bed shortly. Care to join us for a bit?"
"I would be happy to. How soon will you be heading up?"
I shrugged, so Filipe replied, "Half an hour. Good?"
"Yes, sir. Will there be anything else?"
We both shook our heads, so she nodded and left. As I was still naked, Filipe leaned into me and sucked on a nipple while fingering me. I just held him close and relaxed. Twenty minutes later, I came, and we headed to our bedroom. Filipe had just finished undressing when Cindy arrived, already nude.
"Cindy, since Becky Sue hasn't had much exercise today, we want to give her a workout."
"Going to make up for all that desk work, huh? In that case, she goes in the middle. On your back, woman!"
I meekly laid down in the center, trying to hide my smile. Cindy and I occasionally like to play dominant, and today, she decided to be dominant, and I would be her sub. I didn't yet know if Filipe was going to be Cindy's toy to use on me, or if he would be the second dominant. I didn't think he knew yet, either. Cindy just climbed onto and sat on my face, and leaned forward to play with my upper breasts. I felt her signal to Filipe, who spread my legs and impaled me, playing with my lower breasts. I returned the favor and played with Cindy's breasts while sticking my tongue deep into her vagina. The two of them began kissing and tonguing each other.
After we all came that first time, we started with another position, but it needed much more action on my part. For the next three hours, they did their best to wear me out. They didn't stand a chance, and knew it, but we had fun, and it did help me get to sleep later, between the two of them.
In the morning, they were both still there, so I carefully extricated myself before heading out to the pool. Filipe joined me later, saying Cindy went back to her home after they woke up. Since she lived on the property, it didn't take her long to get there. After breakfast, Filipe left to be on set for his part. Sometimes I envy him, so little makeup required, and so easy to fit in any plot, he routinely got roles in a lot more films than I did. The main downside was, he didn't get as many leading or big roles as I did. Still, he was happy with it, so I was happy with it.
A few days later, Jack asked me to meet with the scriptwriter over the weekend. When I got there, it was just the two of us. "Hi there, I'm Eddie."
"Hello, I'm Becky Sue. Jack said you wanted to see me?"
"Yes. He passed along your critique. I don't agree with everything, but wow, you got some great ideas."
"I take it you want to talk about the script?"
"Yes. For the ones I don't agree with, I want to hear why you don't like it. For some of the others, I want to discuss how to expand it a bit with some ideas I chose not to include. I figure you can tweak things to make the ideas work seamlessly if they have any merit."
"Sounds like you're ready to get to work. I'm happy to help."
We spent several hours going over the script, discussing our disagreements, and refining his additional ideas to make them work. In the end, the script was a lot longer. I told him that the director or producer may not want to make it as long as he has made it. We spent another twenty minutes mapping out a number of scenes that were less important to the story, and making a list for the director, of the recommended order of cutting. He wasn't sure if it was a good idea, but I told him that while the script is his, someone else must realize it, and they would likely want to trim it. By supplying a list, there was a better chance that the cuts made would have less effect on the story.
In the end, Eddie sent off the revised and fatter script. I didn't hear anything more for a month. Then I got a call to meet with the producer, director, and some others for a planning meeting. The main concern was the length of the script. While making an extended-length film was acceptable, the effects budget would be increased a lot. So I told Jack that the latest version of my second pair of arms would need far-less effect work, as they had a much better control system. They would move far more realistically, and would not need a second take to complete.
The director was pushing to use the entire script, and the producer wanted to, but was concerned with the cost. I suggested using Eddie's list to determine the shoot order, and that if and when the money would start to run out, we just wouldn't shoot the further scenes. In the end, they decided to go with my idea.
The actual filming was delayed, so Jewel could join us. They also gave her a soundproof trailer like mine, but instead, it was so that the baby's crying wouldn't disturb filming. The script had been re-written to have Jewel's scenes short, so that she could spend more time with her newborn. Jewel's mother was staying in the trailer to look after the child, as well.
The story was set as a prequel to my first appearance as Obsidian, and the plot had me fight through a number of enemies to rescue Angel, and then through more to rescue Jewel. I also had to travel a long distance through a number of towns to get where the rescue was. It would be in those towns that I would encounter other lesser heroes, and have a number of sexual encounters.
"Action!"
My quest began when a messenger came to Wolf, of the Edenian Knights, my combat instructor. He called to me, "Obsidian, come here."
I went to him, and said, "Yes, Master?"
"The time has come for your trial. I know you are ready, but others must have more objective proof. So I entrust this task to you."
"What am I to do?"
"Divinations have revealed two of the four-breasted mages have been captured. They have also determined where they are, at least for now. You need to travel to the cities of Demon's Breath and Magma Crossing. The details are here." Wolf handed me the paper. "But first, you must report to the Queen for additional instructions."
I read the paper, and said, "I will need special weapons. These steel ones are good, but they do not work well with my magic. Tonight, I shall create the weapons I need."
"Practice is done. Go pack, and prepare. I will bring dinner soon."
I then left.
"Cut!" The director shouted.
We relocated to a different area of the set that was prepared as a cliff face, with lots of obsidian rocks in it. It was already prepared with hidden lights and other things, and I just had to reach in with my hands to pull out my signature blades. I had to spend fifteen minutes waiting, while they tested my outfit's secret lights, and the radio controller to ensure they would light up as needed for the upcoming ritual. Seems someone liked my premiere outfit's special effects.
The director's aid shouted, "Quiet on the set!" When he had it, he continued with, "Action!" I waited for the clapperboard, and then entered.
"Powers of the earth, I beseech thee, lend me your substance to become my weapons!"
As I said this, I moved all four arms in different ways, and had various hidden lights appear underneath my outfit to illuminate my skin. I timed placing all four hands into the cliff, so that they entered just as the light hit them. When I pulled them out, I had the sword and three daggers in my hands. I sat on a convenient boulder and put the leg bracers on, after securing my arm bracers. Then I went back to the cliff face, and said, "Thank you, oh blessed one. I shall use them well." Turning and walking a short distance, I came to a fallen tree. I swung with the dagger, and it sliced through a three-inch branch. I then swung the sword, and it cut through the ten-inch trunk.
Just then, a voice called out, "Excellent weapons, warrior." I turned to see Wolf.
"These blades are made of pure obsidian, as are my bracers. They shall lend me the strength of the earth in attack, and protect me with the hardness of the earth in defense."
"Come with me, and let me see what I can get for your blades. As sharp as they are, they are a danger to you, so you need a good pair of sheathes."
"Cut!" Again, we changed scenes, but this time back to our camp. I placed the real obsidian weapons into a wooden case that the armorer then locked and took off set. In the next scene, Wolf handed me my sheathed weapons, but with well-used sheathes that I would replace later in the film, with the custom ones seen in the other films. My tiara, arm bands, and leg bands would not be seen in this movie, and the necklace would not be seen until the end of the movie as my 'reward' for completing the mission.
"Action!"
The scene with the Queen had me in a traveling outfit, but the only leather was a wide belt that held my weapons. The queen began, "Obsidian, you are a spell-blade, yet you look far too much like your father's people. Others will think you to be as his people, solving everything by brute force. Use that assumption to defeat them, but be careful. If it becomes known you are also a mage, they will be better prepared for you. You go into evil territory. You must act as they do, or you will be noted. Yet you cannot do it too much, as you are good. Use your cunning to find ways to appear brutal without being so. Or use that brutality that is also your heritage on those deserving of it. Find and rescue Pulse and Blight. But keep your eyes open. You may encounter others that may help you. Take this coin to travel swiftly."
I took the bag proffered, and replied, "I shall go swiftly, and use my cunning to pass unnoticed until it is too late."
"Then go. Blessings be upon you."
I nodded, and left the hall. Offstage, I waited for the scene to play out with the Queen talking with an advisor, thus telling the audience of the upcoming encounters I might meet.
"Cut!"
That was all the scenes filmed that day. The schedule called for my travel scenes to be done later, as very few people were needed for them. The director called to me, "Helen, come here a moment, I need to speak with you."
I came and said, "What can I do for you?"
"Your arms. I thought we were going to be shooting double. What's up with them?"
"Oh, that. They are the new model prosthetic with the latest controller. I did some work with Red Horizons, and one of the results was better replacement limbs. These extra arms are just replacement limbs mounted lower than usual. I can even write with them, or pick up an egg without cracking it. I have practiced enough to learn how to control them as a second set of arms. Using all four at once takes a lot of work, but I also still use the older routines to help out, so I don't have to track them all the time. I also plan to use clips of this movie in their advertising, to show just how versatile they have become."
"They can really do all that? That's rather surprising."
"Yes. Already, they are being used as remote arms in labs where you need to be separated from the work, and also by vets who have lost limbs. With this movie, and some subsequent cosplay events, I want to show just how far they have come."
"That will definitely reduce the production cost. Thanks for the explanation."
The next day, we shot my entry into a large town. The script called for me to establish my brutality quickly, by going through the market, and in an altercation, toss aside a large man. While my fake arms can lift about fifty pounds, my real arms could easily handle much more. He was closer to three hundred, and since he had a suitable outfit, I only used one hand to lift him as I spoke down to him. I tossed him to the side, right into a set of landing pads. I must have been a little too scary for him, as he had a little accident while I was holding him off the ground. The director thanked him for a 'realistic' response. I later apologized to him, saying I was just trying to play my character.
"Action!"
The scene at the inn started with me alone at a corner table with my back to the wall, and a large meal in front of me. I stopped eating, as I noticed someone pickpocketing some of the nastier locals. The camera shifted below the table, filming my lower hands casting a spell while I whispered the words, "Keeper of the light, is that thief a good man in this evil place?" The lighting built into my outfit showed the 'magic', and then a small white glow, before winking out.
When he came near me, I called out, "You, fool, come join me. I have need for laughter."
He looked over at me, then elsewhere, so I said, "Yes, you. Come before you annoy your betters."
So he came over, and said, "I am no fool."
In a whisper, I replied, "You are a fool to steal from them." Loudly, I said, "You move as a jester, and so you are a buffoon. I have journeyed far, and I desire entertainment. I chose you. Sit with me." I then patted the bench next to me.
He looked mortified when I accused him, but his face turned thoughtful, and he joined me. Quietly, in a whisper, he asked, "How?"
Whispering back, I said, "The way you move. You are a hunter of men. I saw your focus, even if others did not. I also saw that you selected your prey carefully. You select only the most evil, but somewhat-inebriated ones. You distract with your voice, even as you relieve them of their valuables. Have a care; some may track you once they know that something is missing."
"What would you have me do? Nothing? They have earned death, or great punishment, but will not be given it here."
I paused a bit, and then said, "I would have you join me on my journey. Your skills would be useful, and I can handle them." I nodded to the crowd. "We can discuss it in my room. Here, have some food." I pushed some of my food at him. When we finished, we both got up, then I picked him and put him over my shoulder. As he cried out, I loudly said, "Quit whining. I paid for a good time, and I will have it." I then walked out to laughter, and others cheering me on.
As soon as we got into my room, I set him down and said, "Return my dagger. It is too sharp for you." he tried to look innocent, so I said, "Left sleeve, near your elbow. My dagger." I then held out my hand. He reluctantly handed it back after pulling it from his sleeve. "We may not have that much time, so we might as well enjoy what we have." I started to take my clothes off, but kept my weapons near.
"You meant what you said?"
"No, I don't intend to pay you. But as for a good time, why not? You look good to me. Now, are you going to strip, or do you want me to play and maybe damage your clothes?"
"Cut!"
The crew swarmed over my fake arms to ensure there was flesh-tone latex hiding every bit of the seam. This would allow me to be filmed, even from the back, and not see the mechanics of the prosthetics.
"Action!"
He decided to strip. We headed to the bed, and proceeded to have sex, with lots of camera angles. I took control, and was dominant, dictating our session, and he managed to give me several orgasms. He even came twice.
After we finished, we lay side by side. "Tell me, what other skills do you have? I have seen your patience, and distraction skills. Can you fight? Can you cook? Can you find food in the wilderness?"
"I've been in a fair number of fights. You may have noticed I have a few scars?"
"I did. Ticklish ones."
"Well, I got some of them from some overpaid thugs. There's even a few from an ex-girlfriend. Seems she didn't like to share me. I'm no cook, but I can survive in any city. You already know I can please a lady. I am also good at finding things in the market that others cannot find."
"I see. You need help between cities, but do well within one. Have you ever spent any time in the wilderness?"
"As little as I can. Usually when I decide to see the sights of a new city."
"You mean when they get wise to you?"
"Well, some might be thankful I departed."
I gave a chuckle. "So you went city to city. Were you by yourself or with others, perhaps riding along with a merchant?"
"I always could find a merchant willing to take a passenger who was good at telling a good story along the way. A few times I had to walk, but I was usually in a cart or wagon telling my tales."
"I have a distance to go, but we will pass a number of towns and cities along the way. Are you willing to join me?"
"Where are you headed?"
"I don't want to say just yet, but a place north of here, but first we would head east to get a better route north."
"Hmm. I was in that town a few months ago. They might remember me unkindly. But if we don't tarry, it should be all right."
"Good. We'll need to do some shopping in the morning. You'll need some things. You can show me your skill at the market, but no mischief allowed without my say-so."
"Huh? I can't have my fun?"
"No. I won't have you bring on extra trouble to my mission. However, we may encounter someone who needs a lesson. They are acceptable prey. As is anyone I hurt, not just toss around. I do have my own reputation to protect, and don't want people curious about me, or us."
"Secret mission, huh?"
"Only until it is completed. As things have been decided, you can go back to your room, or stay with me. But be ready to go shopping early in the morning. I want to leave quickly."
"Regrettably, I must leave, as my things are elsewhere. But I shall return first thing." He got out of bed, dressed, and left.
"Cut!"
Our next scene was in the market, where I deliberately bought some eggs with my fake arms, as well as other food items. I also got a bedroll for him. We left without incident, but we were followed out of town by three thugs and one of the thief's marks.
"Action!"
With my hands on the side away from him, I cast a spell. Some lights appeared near my hands, ending with a red glow. It only lasted a few seconds, and the lights were small, but the camera sees all.
"Hugo, we are being followed."
"Where?"
"Stop looking. They'll notice. We are nearing a good place to fight. See that tree over there with the fallen branch? On the other side of the road is a small hill. It is not much cover, but can hide us long enough to ambush them. When I say so, turn off the path and follow me."
"Okay. You sure they are after us?"
"Yes. Or, more properly, after you. It seems someone noted you and their loss."
"I didn't -"
"Hush.... Now." I then rushed off the path and headed up the hill, stopping and then crawling up to the crest. I used a small mirror to look over the crest. "Get ready to run and attack." After a few moments, I returned the mirror, backed up a few feet and stood. Hugo stood also. I whispered, "Now," then ran over the top of the hill and launched into the air to come down in the middle of them. With my prop weapons, I lay into them, leaving bloody lines on them, and even causing a prop hand, and later a prop arm to be sliced off. Hugo also came, and showed he was no slouch, eviscerating his opponent before I finished off the other three. During the fight, one lower breast slipped out.
After replacing my breast back in my top, I said, "Do you recognize any of them from last night? I do."
"Yeah, I do also. The others look like hired thugs." He then began to go through their things, collecting anything of value.
"Quickly, I don't want to stay here, and we will need to wash soon to get this blood off us before we enter the next town."
"Actually, fresh blood might be better."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. They'll think you are someone to not cross, and for one of your appearance, that is fairly normal."
I looked at him a bit, and then said, "I hope you're right. Come, let's be off."
We left, and walked down the path, and out of the scene.
"Cut!"
The director quickly reviewed the fight scene, with all four cameras, and then said, "Good. We don't need to reshoot it." On to the next scene.
Later that day, we shot our entrance to the same town set as before, but altered to make it look like a different town. We then broke for lunch and regrouped to the river set, where we shot the scene where we waited for a boat, and then bargained for passage. 'Hugo' did the negotiation, with emphasis on my volatile temper and our need to be on the boat. After securing passage, he told me he got a discount.
After a set change, we disembarked in a new town, and called it a day. The next day, we did a montage of travel, with one night in the wilderness having sex. During our montage, I had explained to Hugo who I was seeking and where. The travel ended up in the city of Demon Breath. The day after, was centered more on Hugo, with his seeking information on the mage, Pulse.
"Action!"
The next bit to be filmed was the entry to the first evil lair, and sneaking down to where Pulse was being held. Hugo got to pick the locks while I watched and covered him. I snuck up on two guards and beheaded them with my sword. The prop guys did the mannequins up good, and lots of blood gushed out.
When we came to where Pulse was, we found her with her hands encased in metal gloves held by chains, and she also had a gag in her mouth.
"Hugo, keep watch. I'll take care of this." He nodded, and I pulled out my prop knife. I slashed it against the hinge, which caused the magnetic seal to break, letting it be cut off. Pulse then pulled, and it unfolded on the lock and let her hand out. I did the same to the other.
As I was slicing open her shackles, I said, "I am Obsidian, a friend. He's with me. Time to leave."
Pulse whispered, "We must free others. Not only is it right, but it will distract them, and some may escape."
"Okay, as long as it doesn't slow us down."
"Follow me." She first went to others in this wing, and when I saw her start to cast, I reached over and grabbed her wrists.
"Let me. The sound of my blade is not as noticeable." I then sliced through the bars, causing the door to open.
"I'm impressed." We then headed further in and released seven others.
As we left the wing, she turned to go further in, Hugo said, "No time. I hear guards coming. We must hide."
Pulse said, "Over there." And she pointed beside a door. "We can attack from behind."
I saw there wasn't room for all three, but looking up, I smiled. I put my blades into my lower hands and placed one leg on the wall behind me and leaned to the other. I then proceeded to push against both and walk up the walls until I was at the ceiling, twenty feet up. I noted several on set were bug-eyed, as I climbed up without any support, not even a safety wire.
Two guards came in with a prisoner between them. After coming through, I jumped down and landed on my feet before quickly smashing the guards heads together, dropping them. "They won't be giving the alarm. You there, best to leave with us." Looking at Pulse and Hugo, "We have no more time. We must leave now." I then headed out the door.
"Cut!" Quickly, a buzz arose about my hanging from the ceiling. So the director said, "Everybody, please remember she climbed Mount Everest. I'm sure this was a piece of cake. Quiet, please." The buzz stopped, but the issue was clearly on their minds.
We shot a few scenes of us leaving, with Pulse using her destructive magic once the alarm was raised. I sliced through doors and locks with my own weapons, clearing the way for us and others following us. We then fled into the poorer part of the city, where the guards would have more trouble searching.
We discussed my plan to wait a week, and then sneak out of the city. The three of us spent two days hiding, but Pulse convinced us we had to leave quickly. We needed to get horses, food, and supplies, to get to the next city and quickly. Hugo was sent for these, with some charms from Pulse to locate good horses. I stayed to guard Pulse. When Hugo came back leading three horses, Pulse rolled her eyes. She assigned each horse, and I got the largest. She had to show us how to pack the horses and also how to mount and ride.
Knowing this scene was in the movie, I had designed my outfit so that when I sat on a horse, I was almost flashing. If I leaned a little to the side, or twisted a little, or encountered a bit of wind from the front, then my skirt would fail to cover me adequately. This was noted, and Pulse said there was no time to fix this, as we had to leave immediately. We then headed out.
When we came to the gate, I led, waving my sword as we charged. Pulse cast a number of spells to knock out the guards. Hugo followed, and the peasants got out of the way quickly. Once through the gate, Pulse aimed at the arch over the gate, and her spell collapsed it, making pursuit difficult. Hugo's complaints made it easy for the audience to know we traveled the main path for two hours, before finding a good place for an ambush. That was all for today's filming.
In the morning, the prop guys checked us over extensively to ensure all the gimmicks were in place, on us and the pursuit team. When all was ready, the director yelled, "Action!"
On cue, all three of us looked up briefly. Pulse said, "We have lost the element of surprise. Prepare yourselves, they are upon us." A moment later, they came into view. We saw ten approaching us, two more in back were some kind of mage, and one was a leader, in better armor. The rest were guards. All the mages began to cast spells, as did I. However, while their spells would show as special effects headed towards others, mine just made my body glow briefly. Hugo and I went to meet the guards, and I cut down three before they realized my lethality. Hugo was keeping two occupied, and one headed for Pulse. The leader stayed back to command the troops.
Pulse managed to dispatch the guard coming after her, but was having difficulty with the mages. Hugo finally took one down, but wasn't in great shape. I had taken two more down, so the leader came to attack me. He thought to run me through with his pike, but instead I jumped over him, flipped and twisted, and landed with my (trick) blade in his back with lots of gore pouring out. That was enough to draw one of the enemy mages off of Pulse, and he began to attack me. I ducked a bit, but I also counter-spelled, even as I took down another guard, leaving one guard left alive. Hugo had taken the second by this time. With a contemptuous swing, I decapitated my guard.
"I'm coming for you, mage."
"You don't have anyone to hide behind anymore. Take this!" He cast some spell at me.
I sent my lower arms into casting a shield, while I advanced on him, and he only got one more spell off before I took him down by slicing him in half from neck to groin. The shock of that was enough to distract the other mage, and Pulse got a spell through that set him on fire before exploding him.
"Cut!" The pyrotechnic team rushed to put the fire out on the actor, and check that he was okay. He indicated he was.
Almost immediately, we continued. "Action!"
Hugo began to search the bodies after I pulled them to the side in a neat row. Pulse cast a spell to bring the horses together, so we could collect them. As we did, Hugo passed a scroll to Pulse.
"This scroll commands this guy here to capture me and kill all with me. It describes my magical abilities, and it describes you, Obsidian, as a powerful warrior. There is no mention of your magic, and even more curiously, it fails to mention Hugo."
"Yeah. What about that magic? You've been holding out on us."
"Like Pulse, I can use magic, but I focus on myself, not others. I am a spell blade. I tried to be an attack mage, but it doesn't work well for me. My form, however, is well suited to the sword, so I mix them both. Don't tell others. The longer no one knows I do magic, the longer I'll have that edge when needed."
"Hugo, I have heard of Obsidian. She is of my order, and it is difficult not to have heard about someone as unique as her. Like you, I was surprised, but she is well-chosen for this quest. Her secret will come in handy when we rescue Blight. What little I know of her is that her magic is strong, but not for offense. That she can cast and fight at the same time is a wonder, for I know how hard it is to cast when someone is menacing you."
Hugo asked, "So, what do we do with the extra horses?"
I answered, "We keep the best and sell the rest. What do you think, Pulse?"
"Good idea. We each keep two, so we can switch off to ride farther at speed. Maybe keep an extra as a pack horse. The rest we sell. But we will have to work a bit to disguise them as something other than guard's horses."
"Then let's do that down the road. I want to leave all this bloodshed behind and find a better place to stay. I don't think they'll send another group tonight."
"I agree," Pulse replied, "but they may send one tomorrow."
Hugo hopped up on his horse, and said, "Let's get going then, while there is still light."
"Cut!"
We did a few stretches of travel with me in the lead, trailing half the extra horses, followed by Hugo and the other half, with Pulse bringing up the rear. We did a scene where I said, "We camp there." And I pointed to a thicket of trees, followed by having camp set up in those trees. While talking over dinner, Pulse asked to sleep in my tent, as she was not used to roughing it. Later, we had sex, with a few cut scenes showing Hugo listening and masturbating.
When we came to the next town, we sold two horses, and that paid for room and board, as well as some supplies. We were able to sell four more in the next town, as it had a much larger market. Hugo and I went to an armorer to get me some armor. Afterwards, I had on my signature armor from the other films. Hugo's armor, while looking more protective, was less restrictive. Pulse got a new outfit, and we all got travel cloaks to help keep our appearances hidden. I was obviously a Shokan, but which one was hidden. Pulse told us to leave through the same gate we entered, but then cut around the town and go cross-country, avoiding several towns. This would break our trail, hopefully.
We had another travel montage until we arrived at Magma Crossing. We chose to enter with a caravan, so that the guards wouldn't notice us. Pulse and I cast spells to make us less notable, and thus ignored. I had a steel sword, and the obsidian blades were hidden. We succeeded, and got a pair of rooms at an inn. We spent several days collecting information. Pulse did scrying, Hugo collected rumors, and I did what I could to plan an assault upon the citadel she was likely in. Pulse and I spoke a lot about what we would face, and how we could best succeed.
We began the ascent from a ravine most would think un-scalable. I was not most. We began after the sun set, and I led, with a rope dangling below me. I used four special spikes that I would strike into the rock, and scale the wall. Once inside, I lowered a rope. Hugo climbed it, and Pulse tied it around herself, letting me pull her up. In reality, the wall was only thirty feet tall, before the opening. While there were bars across the opening, my strength was sufficient to pull it out. Our planning told the audience we had chosen that window because it never showed any light, and that once inside, that I would lower the rope.
As I dealt with Pulse, Hugo opened the locked door after checking that there was no one on the other side. We were low in the main part of the citadel, but we needed to go lower. Pulse led with Hugo checking each intersection. I came last. We got as close as we could without anyone seeing us. That's when we had to acquire guard outfits. We waited nearly two hours for ones to pass that were their size. No way would I fit any guard outfit. Shokan rarely dressed that way usually, even as guards. We like showing our muscles.
The following scene was more complicated, as we had lots of extras to deal with. "Action!"
With Pulse and Hugo in guard outfits, and me between, we were ready. Pulse cast an illusion on me to make me seem an ordinary prisoner. We walked further in. We passed a number of guards, fooled by her magic. This let us get just outside, where Blight was being kept. Just before we arrived, we dropped the ruse. Hugo returned my sword, but I let him hold the dagger, as he would free Blight. Pulse and I would give him that chance. I began with my own incantations, while Pulse did some for her and Hugo. I then rounded the corner, and faced four guards.
"I am here to destroy you. Who is first?"
One idiot replied, "I'll take care of you."
We walked towards each other, and then I rushed and sliced him in two, including his sword. Or at least, that is what it would look like in the final film. The other three rushed me, and while they weren't looking, Pulse hit two and took them out in flames. I had jumped back when Pulse cut loose, then jumped forward and took the last one down.
"Cut! Send for Jewel." She had been in her trailer to this point to keep her daughter occupied and quiet. She was needed in the next scene, so someone went to bring her. When she was ready, the director called, "Action!"
Picking up a sword from one of the dead guards, I pushed the doors open and rushed in, bowling over several on my way through. I went into full battle mode against these better warriors. We came inside and Pulse closed the doors, so she could concentrate on them. I kept them busy, while Hugo, with Pulse's invisibility enchantment, slid around the side and began working to free Blight. His invisibility would be done by special effects later. We just all stood clear of him to make that easier.
"Come on, you lazy dogs. Those were supposed to be guards? They were pitiful. Are you any better?"
"Get the Shokan!" and they all came at me, but one not quite so fast.
"You think four is sufficient? Ha! You don't know what you face. I shall kill you all!" While they looked at me, Pulse cast her first spell at them.
One fell back and took on Pulse. He said, "You three stay on the Shokan, I'll take the mage!"
Pulse was busy with her mage opponent, while I held my own against these three warriors that I soon saw were spell-swords. While they tried to cast against me, I had the advantage of being prepared, and also having two hands free to cast even as I had two hands to engage them. After three minutes, I cut the casting arm of one, just as the script called for. He was out of the casting bit, now.
"Not so good now that you can't cast, huh. Your time is almost up. Prepare to die." We fought a bit more, and then a bit later, I said, "Your time is up!" and then I cut the second one's hand off. "Or maybe not." I chuckled.
The one who lost a hand yelled, "I'll kill you for that, you bitch!"
"Promises, promises." That's when I saw Blight was somewhat free. Pulse, however, was having difficulty, so I knocked the third spell sword facing me crashing into the mage. That surprised them sufficiently, her flames burnt them, but they both survived. The distraction also allowed me time to take the remaining caster facing me. Hugo gave Blight a potion. This gave her a boost of energy, and she quickly cast a spell at my last opponent, who was blindsided by it. He fell, a dried husk, and Blight seemed infused with energy.
Blight's next spell sapped Pulse's opponent, leaving him vulnerable to Pulse. I then jumped directly at the last two, with a great yell. Hugo threw my dagger at the mage's back. Blight hit both of them again, draining their protection. My obsidian blade split the head of the spell blade, while my steel blade went deep into the mage's stomach. Pulse finished them off with another burst of fire as I jumped back with my blades.
"Cut! Great action. Catch your breath, and we'll continue." The crew brought in dummies, and the extras got off set, so we could continue. "Action!"
We quickly examined them to ensure they were all dead, while Hugo finished getting Blight free of all her bindings. I retrieved my dagger from Hugo, who then searched the dead. He found a set of keys, and Blight pointed him to the locked door. Inside was her equipment, and some other goodies. Pulse helped her get everything back in place while Hugo and I kept watch. When we were ready, I pulled a mirror out and looked beneath the door.
"We have a lot of company."
"So, what's the plan?"
"Hugo, you open the door, and I rush out to charge right into them, and you're right behind me to guard my back. While they were distracted with us, Pulse and Blight, you start taking them out." We all got into position, and I nodded. Hugo opened the door, and I rushed out.
It was a blur of bodies about us, and even as Blight was taking the energy of the weaker ones, she shared it with Pulse to infuse her own spells. Hugo and I were just trying to keep them occupied, so the mages could pick them off. I did get some lucky hits, as I hit harder and had spells to help, but Hugo took some lumps. I did what I could to keep most focused on me, so he had fewer to worry about. A few minutes later, they all lay dead.
Pulse gave Hugo a potion, and said, "Drink this. It will revitalize you for a bit."
"Cut!" that was it for the day. After telling everyone that, the director came up to me and said, "I can't believe how real those extra arms seem. I know they are fake, yet you are able to control them so well. How can you do that?"
"It takes a hell of a lot of concentration. I am a master of the martial arts, and I am pushing my limits. But I have far more experience with the interface, and it was patterned after my mind, so I can do things easier than others. Normally, you only need to control the arms because you lack your own, or they mimic what your arms do, for the lab arms. But I had to develop a way to control them separately so that I could move them independently. Even so, I make use of pre-recorded routines for the casting, and only had to remember where those arms were, so I didn't run into them. I also practiced a lot with my husband to perfect that two-level fighting."
"You went all out against your husband?"
"No, more like quarter speed at first to nail down the moves, and later at half speed. When we felt I had it down, I went full speed, but without him. I just fought against air, and we reviewed the video to ensure I did everything correctly."
The next day, we started in a hallway. The scene had us run back the way we came. I led, and Hugo took the rear, and the mages were between us. Pulse filled in Blight as we went. As we ran through the citadel, we suddenly heard horns announcing our presence. A few moments later, I encountered the first guard. I didn't even break stride as I cut him down. The guards we encountered, came a few at a time, and none were great warriors. Only once, did I have to stop more than a second or two, and Blight solved that problem. When we came to the final room, I waved them in immediately, after determining it was empty. The others quickly filed in and went to the window. I closed the door and waited for someone to come.
Hugo lowered Pulse first, and while he lowered Blight, the first guard came to the door. He was smarter than the rest, in that he was able to yell before I killed him. I closed the door and told Hugo to hurry. I held the door against all comers until Hugo was down and Pulse sent a flare into the room to signal me. This window was not over a high wall, but only looked like it. As the others got out, the real floor was only five feet down, so they ducked and moved offstage. Jewel was done for the day, and a stunt double filled in for her.
Back in the room, I cast a quick smoke spell, but used a real smoke pellet, and rushed to the window. I cut the tied-off line, and jumped, holding onto the other line. The scene cut to me swinging out the thirty-foot window, where I was hanging from the line, tied to a spike ten feet down from the window. There were more spikes there, and I switched to them to climb down. I was halfway down before they poked their head out the window, only to get picked off by Pulse.
Once down, we mounted up and rode off under cover of another cloud of smoke from Pulse. We told each other to hurry, because they knew where this ravine came out. Our extra mounts served us well here, as we switched off to go faster. The scene had us stop about ten miles out, where we had cached our stuff, and set up our tents. The mages cooled down the horses, and gave them a little food and water, while Hugo and I set up the tents. The three of us took turns keeping watch while Blight recovered. It was late afternoon when we were all up, and took council.
"Action!"
"We must go back to the city."
Pulse asked, "Why, Blight? We should get away from here before they find us."
"Because our mission to get the Mask of Doom was almost successful. As I fled them, I went through some stables. I had enough time to hide it in a storage area, but it will be discovered soon if we don't get it."
I piped up, "Where is this stable?"
After Blight described it, Hugo said, "I know the place. Next to a pawn shop."
"Yes, that's it."
"That's near the southern entrance. We are west. If we circle around, we could enter from the south."
I said, "We can't all go in, especially with all these horses. Pulse or I can stay outside the southern entrance, out of sight, and the others walk in. They won't expect that."
Pulse said, "You go. I can kill more, perhaps, but you will be facing simple guards, and in a crowd. I saw you can handle quite a few, so I don't think you'll have too much trouble, and they can fetch the mask while you are keeping them busy. If they faced me, they would stay further away, and might see them sneaking off."
"Very well. That's how we do it. When?" We decided to do it immediately, as it would near dinner when we got to the gate. All that preparation was a waste. We had just missed a big brawl that spilled out of a tavern, and most of the guards were taking them away. The few that were left were too busy to notice us. We got in and out quickly.
"Cut!"
We did another montage to return, without encountering trouble. At one point, we passed a small lake at the base of a waterfall. We all chose to bathe there, and our play in the water became sex play. At this point, Blight and I had sex on the flat rock beside the water, while Pulse and Hugo had sex next to us. Although they filmed us playing in the water, they could only use the early shots of my back, as the water broke some of the seals hiding the prosthetics. The arms continued to work fine, but I needed some touch up on the seals before they shot the sex-on-the-rocks scene.
We had a closing scene with the queen and her court. "Action!"
We walked up and all bowed to the queen. She spoke, "I see that you are successful in the rescue, Obsidian. And mages Blight and Pulse, you also are successful. Please give the Mask of Doom to my general." The indicated warrior came forward, and the mask was given to him. "As a token of my thanks, please accept these gifts." She nodded, her seneschal came forward, and she passed each of us a small bag of coins.
We gave our thanks, and bowed before being escorted out by another warrior. Once outside, Hugo asked, "What will you do with your reward?"
"I want some jewelry, as well as some new clothes. As for the rest, I haven't thought much about it."
"Well, when next you see me, you'll have to show me what you got."
Pulse chimed in, "Blight and I need to report to our bosses to tell them what all happened."
Hugo said, "Why don't you go to the market and see about that jewelry. I'll hang about town for a few days."
"Cut!" the next scene was me in the market, examining jewelry, and finding some items I would have in the other films. When I picked them up, the scene faded to black. The after credits scene was me and wolf sitting outside his place, and he was debriefing me.
"Action!"
"Well, Obsidian, you have done well, and even fulfilled the requirements to become an Edenian Knight."
"Huh? I thought you had to have another knight observe the candidate in the field."
"We did. He saw your leadership, and fighting skills, as well as how you were able to play a part to go unnoticed at need. While doing it a bit differently than most knights, you did it well enough."
"Who was watching us? I thought I had kept a close eye out for that kind of thing."
"Let me introduce you to my friend and fellow knight." He clapped his hands, and out came Hugo. "You know Hugo. What you didn't know was that he was your backup. However, he hadn't expected you to pick up on his routine."
Hugo said, "Yeah, it totally ruined my plan to watch from the sideline. Yet you trusted me, which I was rather surprised at."
"I did not trust you at first. While no one was looking, I cast a spell under the table to see about you. I learned that you were good and would be a help to me. The rest that happened there was my way of extricating you without exposing either of us."
Wolf said, "When Hugo described that scene, I howled. The big man being carried like a sack of grain by a woman was quite a tale." Hugo seemed a little embarrassed, yet proud of this.
"Cut!"
And so ended the film. A few months later, I was on a promotional tour, along with the other three main cast members. After the first day, Jewel came to me for some advice.
"Becky Sue, yesterday was hard. I had to take time out to feed my baby several times, and I feel like I let the fans down."
"Why? It's a perfectly normal thing to do, and your family is far more important than this tour."
"I know, it's just that they want to see me also, and I want them to see me."
"Well, then, why not just bring your baby with you? I'm sure the fans would love to see you both."
"I suppose I could, but I will still need to go behind a curtain or something to feed him."
"Again, why? Besides, we are promoting an R-Rated film, where you get naked and have sex with me. I'm sure these fans wouldn't mind looking at your breast as you feed him."
"Are you sure?"
"I am. Remember, you are also a priestess. Focus on that when you do, and I don't think anyone will give you grief. Heck, when you let the fans take a picture with you; you could even hold the baby facing the camera while the breast he was sucking is left bare to the camera."
Her eyes got big at that. "I never thought of that. You think it will work?"
"When I was modeling the nanotech clothing, changing between costumes, I quite often flashed someone as the costume changed. Also, consider what I am wearing now: the costume from the beginning of the film. You know how much it shows. I've been working it all day. Surely you saw some of my skin?"
"I did, but then you're you. Everyone knows you show skin."
"So use it. Trust me."
"Okay."
The next day, the first time she had to feed her daughter, I heard her whisper, "Okay, here goes nothing." She then untied the strings that went behind her neck, and pulled them down in front, revealing her two top breasts. She then picked up her baby and began to feed her.
I said, "You look so beautiful there, feeding your baby. Hey, folks, why not get some selfies with her while she's nursing?"
Jewel's eyes got big, but I just started lining up people for selfies with her. After the first few, she relaxed. After the baby fed, and she burped her, she put the baby back in its cradle, and then returned to the line-up, but leaving her upper breasts fully exposed. I could sense her projecting Inanna's power, and no one said a thing for the rest of the day. For the next few months, on the tour, she repeated her performance, allowing lots of fans to take selfies with her upper breasts showing. At the premiere, she showed up with a top that barely covered her breasts, and when she had to feed her baby, all four breasts became uncovered, as she fed her. The paparazzi went wild, and there were several images of her topless feeding her baby on the tabloids. When she finished feeding, she burped the baby and put her back in her carriage before resuming her duties at the premiere, topless. We all went to a party. There, Jewel and Angel invited me over for a snack at their place. Afterwards, they invited me to sleep over, along with her husband, Mark. Shortly after we all came, Angel announced. "I'm pregnant."
Jewel said, "Who's the lucky man?"
"I have no idea, nor do I care."
Mark asked, "Will you be moving out?"
"I don't want to, if it is okay with you. I'd like to raise my kids with yours, if I may."
Jewel hugged her and said, "Of course. You can be our unofficial second wife. You already spend most nights in bed with us."
"I know, and I really enjoy the love you two have for me."
I concentrated on Inanna's power, and said, "Let's celebrate." Then I cut loose, and we all had intense orgasms, and Mark came hard in me also.
Mark asked, "What just happened?"
Jewel replied, "You just felt Inanna's blessing, I think."
We didn't say much, but we traded off every so often, and we all came numerous times. It was noon before we fell asleep.
I finally got home at night, and Filipe told me the Mortal Kombat people wanted me to model and help promote a new expansion, where Obsidian was a playable character. It would also be R-Rated, as there would be scenes where the player could play Obsidian having sex with every major NPC, and all the other PCs. I accepted, and had a lot of fun getting digitized having sex with people playing the other roles.
But that is another story...