Christy was a young woman who enjoyed being somewhat controlled. She was an avid cock sucker who knew her talent and addiction. She simply had to suck her husband's thick cock everyday because she craved his cum so much! Sound like a fictional woman? She's not! She is my wonderful wife!
Christy is very tall at about 5'9", a redhead. She is shaped like the classical rubenesque statues in Greece. Her breasts are large, capped with silver dollar aureoles and seemingly eternally hard nipples the same size as a #2 pencil eraser. She has flaring hips that lead to a very round full ass to die for! Her legs go on forever below with very defined muscles that really accent her beauty especially in heels!
She also possesses the wettest pussy n the planet since she is in a constant state of arousal! Going totally without panties is difficult since her juices will start to run down her thighs at every single sexual thought.
--
Today Dusty was taking Christy to go shopping for clothes at a popular mall and to have lunch. Christy wore a diaphanous baby doll dress that Dusty was particularly fond of since it was obscenely sexy on her. She wore a white thong underneath and no bra. Dusty smiled when he saw her coming down the stairs. He said, "Baby, you look like heaven!"
On the way to the mall, Christy's hand never left Dusty's cock, massaging him through his sport slacks. By the time they arrived he was very aroused, leaking precum into his underwear. He opened her door for her and as she swung her right leg out, he could see her white thong with the big wet spot on it flashing him. A smile played upon Christy's face as she looked up at him. They slowly walked into the air conditioned mall, Christy's nipples instantly turning rock hard in the cool air. Her breasts could be clearly seen if you looked closely at her, especially in the light. There were darker patches where her aureoles showed through the thin chiffon material.
The couple walked around for an hour or so, checking out several shops. By this time it was lunchtime and they decided on a place to eat. It was a large restaurant, very cozy and dimly lit. As they ate, Dusty was making unusually constant eye contact with Christy as if he were thinking. Christy recognized this in Dusty and said, "Baby, what's on your mind?"
Dusty replied after a few seconds by holding out his hand and saying, "Panties!"
Christy knew he would not take no for an answer and she'd be rewarded for her obedience to this obvious order. She reached under the table and slid her thong off and over her feet. Just as she was handing them to Dusty, the waitress arrived to check on them. There was Christy's hand handing Dusty her panties! The waitress blushed as Dusty slowly but deliberately folded the panties into his pocket. A sly smile played across Dusty's face as the waitress stammered, "Can I get you guys any desert?"
Christy looked at her and said, "Thanks but we already have desert plans."
The waitress said, "Well I am Amy, and if I can help you with anything just waive at me!" She smiled and hesitated for an uncomfortably long few seconds before turning away and leaving.
Christy looked Dusty in the eyes and said, "What do you think?"
Dusty said, "Perfect! So what do you think?"
"I think it would be really hot!"
A few minutes later Amy walked back over with the check. Christy handed her a small note and Dusty handed her the credit card and the bill back.
In just a few minutes Amy returned with the ticket for Dusty to sign, which he did. He tipped Amy well and the couple made their way out of the restaurant. As they were about to leave, Amy touched Christy's arm and said, "8 O'clock then!"
As Dusty and Christy walked through the mall, Dusty asked Christy, "What did that note say?"
She said, "I asked if she would like to watch me give you head at our house tonight. I gave her the address and phone number just in case she was interested."
"So 8 O'clock was the time she wanted to be there then?" said Dusty.
"It seems so, my dear", Christy replied.
--
It was 8 o-clock and there was a tapping at the front door. Christy opened the door and greeted Amy. She ushered her into the living room where she had snacks and drinks set up.
Amy made herself comfy on the wing-back chair as Dusty in only a silk robe sat on the love seat a few feet away.
Christy said, "OK Amy, here are the rules. We will not touch you and you are only to watch. If it's OK with you, we would prefer you to also be naked and masturbating while we put on a show for you. We hope this is alright with you."
Amy replied, "Yes, of course, this will be fun!" She started removing her top and shorts. Amy was a brunette of about 5'4" and a bit chunky in a great way! She had huge tits and wide hips. Her pussy was trimmed into a "Landing Strip" type shape and her thighs and legs were pleasantly thick. She leaned back into the chair as Christy removed her clothes entirely and started to open Dusty's robe.
Christy started by kissing Dusty long, deep, and very wetly! Just like he liked it. Dusty said, "Massage my cock for a minute Christy." Her hand firmly gripped his cock and started a tight squeezing massage.
Amy had already started without them and had her two middle fingers of her right hand deep in her pussy. She was obviously rubbing for effect as well as orgasm. She had a bit of an exhibitionist side to her as well, it seemed!
Christy cradled Dusty's balls in her hand as a big drop of precum glistened on the slit at the head of his cock. She leaned in and licked the precum off, savoring her favorite thing in the world. She then slowly sucked one ball into her mouth and then the other, working her tongue around each one as she sucked on them. She moved lower and licked Dusty's "Taint" area for a few minutes.
It was obvious that all three were very excited. The smell of pussy filled the air and the slurping sounds of exquisite cock sucking, was all that could be heard. There was no music, only the music of sex and love!
Amy was quiet except for her breathing. Her eyes on Dusty's very large and thick cock as Christy was below his balls licking his scrotum.
Christy pulled Dusty's legs up and drove her tongue into his ass as she rubbed her own pussy with her left hand. There was pussy juice running down both her thighs, making the room smell of her sex. She was moaning into Dusty's ass as she lovingly licked him.
Dusty need her mouth now and said, "Christy, suck my cock baby!"
Not one to turn down true joy, Christy began to slowly descend on Dusty's cock, which by this time had become completely wet with precum. She moaned as she tasted him. She lovingly licked all the precum off his cock with long sweeping strokes of her tongue.
Amy finally said something, saying, "God! This is so hot you guys! Christy, I can smell your pussy juice running down your legs! I thought I got wet! But you are a running faucet girl!"
Dusty told Amy, "She is always wet and anytime she get's excited, she just lets loose and her pussy releases ton's of girl juice like this! I LOVE IT!"
Christy was now taking deep, slow strokes of Dusty's cock. She pushed his cock into the back of her throat and then just relaxed and let the mushroom of his head slip completely down her throat. She held it there and rocked back and forth on it.
Dusty was moaning loudly now as he neared Christy's reward. He knew he needn't tell her he was about to come. She already knew it. She could feel him expanding, the head getting larger, his hips rising and falling. Soon he grabbed her head and forced his cock all the way down her throat. She felt the familiar swell of his head inside her throat as he started to cum. The first spurt went un-tasted as it squirted directly into her stomach. But she wanted to taste it so she pulled back up a bit and captured the remainder of his sperm in her mouth, circling her tongue around and around the head as he finished inside her mouth.
About this time, a huge, self induced orgasm hit Amy as her stomach contracted hard! She screamed as she came. Dusty was watching as her pussy clenched down on her fingers. Christy had also turned her head and watched as Amy let loose.
Christy looked at Amy and opened her mouth to show her the thick cum inside. She then closed her mouth and swallowed dramatically to demonstrate her love of cum.
Amy moaned and said, "This is so fucking hot, Christy!" Can I come back sometime?" Christy offered, "Anytime Amy, anytime!"
A new friendship was formed!