It felt odd for my son and me to be squatting naked together, his back rubbing against mine, but I was sure it must feel even stranger for his best mate Marcus who was lying out on our front room carpet, facing upwards at our two splayed bums and pressing the twinned heads of a double-ended dildo against each of our arseholes.
It wasn't the most typical Saturday night in the Furlong household but, then again, it wasn't especially surprising that we'd ended up in this position either.
My friend Guy - who was watching us with intent amusement - had spied in on my son and his friend from university the night before when they'd been enjoying a noisy bout of sex together. To his surprise, and to mine to after Guy had urged to me look in on them too, they'd been pleasuring themselves using a black length of rubber called a 'double-ender' - this being the dildo that was now poised at my butt.
I'd been immediately fascinated by the position they'd got themselves into and had been desperate to try it for myself. Guy had made it bluntly clear he didn't want a dildo up his butt - just as he stressed on a fairly regular basis that the only thing he was willing to have up there was my tongue. Obviously, I couldn't ask my son's friend if he'd be willing use the dildo with me: the two of them were regular fuck-buddies and, in any case, I'd only just met Marcus about four days before.
But I was determined to try out the incredible double-ended dildo and, since Guy and Marcus were out of the running, that only left one contender for the job.
I'd talked to my son that morning and had mooted the idea, very carefully of course, that I might like to try double-ending with him. He'd agreed that the suggestion wasn't actually that weird once we'd laid down some ground rules and it and had ended up being quite keen on trying it. We decided that as long as there was to be strictly no touching each other and that we'd use the dildo together in front of our two friends to keep the mood light and jokey, then there wasn't any real chance of it damaging the strong relationship we had as father and son.
So that's how we'd got to where we were now, the two of us naked and with our big floppy cocks dangling down towards the floor, pressing our bum-cheeks firmly together and trying not to giggle from being tickled by the wiry hair from each other's arse-cracks.
Our friends were both still fully clothed and eager to watch us perform, with Jake's university friend lying out underneath us and peering upwards as he levelled the two heads of the dildo against our buttholes.
"I always thought Jake had a big pair of balls, Mr Furlong, but yours are absolutely massive! They're... well... they're just awesome!"
I smiled over at Guy who looked highly amused.
"It can be quite a curse," I told him, thinking of how restricted I was in my choice of underwear.
"Yeah," Guy chortled. "He has to empty the bloody things about three times a day! If he doesn't keep nutting off, they get so big he can't fasten his trousers up."
Marcus chuckled. "All those times you went up to your bedroom, Mr Furlong, there I was thinking you just needed a bit of solitary me-time."
"Naah, he was bashing his beef," Guy asserted. "He's always at it!"
I didn't deny it, although usually I crept along to the computer in the spare room to help me attend to such matters. More importantly, though, I didn't blush either: I quite enjoyed the feeling that the four of us were all men together and could banter like this with amusement as friends.
Marcus pushed the twinned heads of the dildo firm against mine and Jake's bums. We both flinched and I felt the slick, shiny rubber slide smoothly deep up into me.
"Oh look! I got a hole in one, Mr Furlong!" Marcus triumphantly declared.
Guy laughed, "Yeah, that was always gonna be the easy bit!"
Jake gasped as the rubber eased more slowly through his tighter butt-hole and pushed its way into his less well-used tunnel.
He grunted, "Ah, yeah!" and pushed his bum down against it. I pushed mine down too but Marcus scolded my haste.
"Don't be greedy, Mr Furlong! You've already got about half of it in you."
I muttered, "Sorry, I hadn't realised," and he pulled a few inches of it back out of me to feed to Jake.
That's when the smell first kicked in: the smell of the first of the two Furlong arses, smeared down the dildo as it emerged from my bum.
It was strong and crude: the bitter and bracing smell that my sexual companions always tell me they greatly enjoy when they're using my back passage for us to have intercourse as two men.
Marcus sniffed the gathering odour curiously. He knew the smell already from watching Guy and me making love the previous night, but was also intimately acquainted with it from having my son's less robust version regularly waft up to him from his well-ploughed behind.
He said, "This is... er... going to be quite something once you the two of you get going!"
Jake sniffed the air too, no doubt recognising the paternal version of his own bum stink.
"Yeah!" he laughed. "This room's gonna reek to high heaven once that dildo starts getting all wet and slimy from both our butts!"
I noticed Marcus reach down to the crotch of jeans and roughly adjust himself. Either he was growing a hard-on which needed shifting to give it room or, more likely, had already been aroused by peering up at us from underneath and my bum odour had made his erection painful from where it was straining against his tight little boxers.
Guy laughed too and splayed himself out on the settee. "This is gonna be a fucking good show!"
I saw that he also had to adjust the front of his trousers - did the smell of male anal sex have the same effect on all men? - and I noticed his bulge was far more prominent than Marcus'.
Guy went on, "I think it's great that you pair are so totally comfortable with each other that you can do something like this without either of you getting all freak-out about it. You don't know how lucky you are to be so relaxed about stuff like this."
I beamed over at him and I think Jake smiled too.
He added, "I mean, imagine me and my lad Simon, squatting stark bollock naked together working a big black double-ender up our two hairy arses!"
Marcus gasped, "Fuck yeah!" and banged his head against the dildo he was still working up inside Jake.
"Sorry," he muttered, "but what do you mean? Does he have a mobile? Could you get him over here? Is his bum really that hairy?"
Guy chortled with laughter. "No, I just meant that he would never do something like that. He's way too uptight about sexual stuff, and even if he wasn't there's no way my arse is getting anything dick-shaped shoved up it."
Marcus nodded with disappointment and got back to getting the dildo just right. I felt a little more of it slide out of me as he pushed it deeper up Jake's far less commodious bum.
The smell from its slimy surface was growing steadily stronger. Every time we were beginning to get used to it and it seemed like it was abating, Marcus would fiddle with the dildo and we'd all get a fresh blast.
He called out from underneath us, "For such a clean-cut guy, Mr Furlong, your backside sure kicks out a hell of a stink!"
Guy laughed raucously. "I can vouch for that, mate! Good job I find it so fucking horny!"
"Yeah, I'm not saying it's a bad thing. It's like Jake's, which I obviously really like, but... well... so much more intense."
Again I didn't blush: after all, why should I? It was natural that, with big black dildo emerging from my slimy innards, the room should start smelling increasingly strongly of my arse. But more importantly, I liked it that everyone was clearly enjoying my most intimate odour: even my son who was probably looking forward to his own bum stink amplifying his dad's.
At last happy with the way he'd set the dildo up, Marcus pulled out from underneath us and went to sit alongside Guy on the settee. Now they really did look like our audience: Jake and I squatting side-on to them, our buttocks pressed together and the thick black rubber of the dildo making a 'U' shape underneath us as it connected us together bum-to-bum.
Jake said, "Okay, dad, now we sort of both push back against the dildo. It's not like fucking, where one guy takes the lead and the other works against him. It's more of a collaboration - the dildo should stay still and the two of us work ourselves against it together with the same force and rhythm."
"Sounds a bit complicated," I grinned over at our spellbound viewers.
"It's well worth it, though," Marcus called over. "Once you're both into it, it's like nothing you've ever felt!"
Jake started pushing back a bit so I worked my buttocks hard against his. I liked the feel of his muscular butt-cheeks pressing firmly against mine and I pushed my splayed cheeks roughly into them so that the sweaty hairs of my arse-crack would bristle coarsely into his own.
He slowly pulled away from me and so I followed his lead. Then we started doing it over and over, pushing our bums together with a small moist slap and then pulling them apart and letting the dildo withdraw from us both.
"Fuck yeah!" Guy called out. "Work your big sweaty arses together!"
His hand was rubbing at the large bulge he was making in his jeans; his movements overtly masturbatory as Marcus kept glancing over at, apparently struggling to decide whether he wanted to look at that or what Jake and I were doing.
We were slowly increasing our speed, our backs rubbing together as our buttocks moved back and forth against each other. I laughed over at Guy and he beamed at me: he knew what a big deal it was for me to be behaving like this in front of him and Marcus.
"I love the way your two sets of knackers are dangling down," he announced. "For an eighteen-year-old lad, Jake, you've got a massive pair of nuts!"
As Marcus had indicated, double-ending like this did indeed feel very pleasant. Not only the sensation of the dildo, working steadily more quickly in and out of my gaping hole, but the act of cracking my buttocks against Jake's was surprisingly erotic in spite of him being my son.
This was anal sex at its absolute purest: only our bums were being stimulated and we had both of our arseholes being filled at the same time.
"Oh God!" Marcus gasped. "Look at their dicks!"
Guy laughed raucously. "Bloody hell! It's like watching a couple of mushrooms grow up in fast forward on one of those nature programmes!"
I realised my cock was rising upwards in its excitement and from what Guy had said it was clear that Jake's was too.
I grinned over at Marcus who was beaming at me with delight. "I knew you'd enjoy it, Mr Furlong!" he smirked.
I chuckled, loving him watching my cock lengthening and thickening as it slowly curved upright, my foreskin pulling back from its swollen purple helmet without me so much as touching it.
As I'd expected, the crude and unmistakable smell that I was smearing down the dildo, was joined quite conspicuously by my son's more pungent and characteristically ripe anal odour. We all sniffed it - all four of us - and my grin towards Marcus and Guy broadened. They were by now both rubbing at the large mounds making their crotches rise up, relishing the double Furlong stink that was wafting over to them from the father and son's dildo-filled arseholes.
We started slamming our bums against each other, the huge black length of rubber staying put as our holes frantically consumed and discharged it over and over, with the two of us working in unison. Our butt-cheeks made rhythmic slapping noises, growing steadily louder and faster as our pleasure intensified, and Jake started gasping, driving himself back against me with increasing force.
Guy called out, "Oh Jesus! This is so fucking hot! I'm gonna have to wank off!"
I looked over at him, sweating profusely from my brow, whacking my arse against my son's as the dildo drove into us both, pummelling our dissimilar holes in delicious harmony. I could feel my face was bright scarlet and my cock was throbbing like I urgently needed to masturbate too, but I resisted the urge for the sake of prolonging this exquisite moment.
Guy yanked his jeans and boxer shorts down to his knees and started jerking his big, thick manly cock without even sitting back down. Marcus stared at it, enrapt by how turned on Guy's swollen manhood looked and then jumped up to undo his belt and fly and hastily tug his own clothing down.
As the two of them stood open-legged alongside us pounding at their cocks, Jake and I continued working ever more quickly against each other, my son's pert round arse whacking more loudly against my own. We were both panting like we'd just finished an uphill sprint together and it seemed like the whole room was filling with the stink from our bowels and what our gaping, slippery arseholes were smearing on the dildo.
"You all right, dad?" I heard Jake gasp.
"All right, son?" I replied through my heaving breaths. "I'm having the time of my life!"
"We don't half stink, though!" he laughed between a couple of heavy pants of his own. "Do you think it's okay?"
We kept banging our arses into each other, gasping as the twin ends of the dildo reached so deeply up into our innards.
"Don't you like it?" I asked him breathlessly.
"Yeah!" he panted over his shoulder. "Do you?"
"Do I like the smell of anal sex?" I laughed back. "No, Jake - I love it!"
"You don't mind how strong it is, though?" he persisted. "How rough it stinks with both our bums having it up them?"
"It's the smell of male penetration," I told him. "It's one of the sexiest smells there is!"
"Well, let's crank it up further," he breathlessly whispered. "Relax your bum as open as it gets!"
I knew what he was intending and I did as he suggested. He obviously tried relaxing his own butt too because he let out a loud fart.
"Oops sorry!" he giggled but then, loosening my own bowels, I accidentally released an even louder one of my own. The two of them combined to make our stink even more potent.
"Oh Jesus!" Guy called out, his hand whacking frantically at his cock. "The smell from your fucking arses is gonna bring me off!"
Marcus was pounding his own dick too. "I've never smelled it so strong! Christ, it stinks so rough... but it's just so hot!"
With our bowel muscles more relaxed and our gases thankfully expelled, we could make much longer, sweeping thrusts against each other, using almost the whole length of the dildo. We started really plunging ourselves onto it, both our bums rising high up and away from each other and then slapping roughly and noisily back together, the long black snake of the toy ramming deep up inside us.
"Give me all you've got, dad," I heard Jake struggle to say. "Really slam your arse hard against mine!"
"Bottom, Jake!" I managed to gasp.
"What?"
"Bottom's more polite."
We thrashed our buttocks into each other, the cheeks bright red and risking a couple of days' bruising, with the air in the room now thick and rank with the uninhibited double stink of our joint anal sex.
I heard someone whimpering and after Jake had asked me if I was okay a few times, I realised with some astonishment that it was actually me.
I gasped, "I really need to climax! I'm just so desperate!"
Guy waddled over with his trousers around his knees and I thought he was going to reach down and start jerking my cock for me. Instead, when he was right up in front of me, he swivelled around to turn his back on me and leaned forwards to present me with his hairy splayed butt-crack.
"Rim me, Rob," he commanded. "As deep as you can."
Aware that that would only serve to get me even more sexually wound-up, I nevertheless complied and plunged my face between his large, muscular cheeks.
"Ah, nice one! Yeah!" Marcus cried on seeing me rimming Guy's big manly behind, before Jake asked him what Guy was doing, seemingly unwilling to crane his neck around that far.
"Your dad's licking out Mr Leeson's bum," Marcus announced, his hand making slapping sounds on his dick that were even faster than the louder cracking noises of me and my son's buttocks thumping together.
"Let me do the same for you!" Jake cried out and Marcus staggered over to have his own bum rimmed by my son.
I drove my tongue rapidly in and out of my lover's delicious anal ring and revelled in the bliss of rich and pungent tastes lurking deep up in his rectum.
I heard Guy laugh and say, "Yeah! Get me nice and wet, big boy!"
And I was thinking, "Why the hell are you doing this to me? I was already whimpering from over-excitement, my cock just about bursting open it was so hard... why would you make me rim you as well?"
Suddenly, Guy pulled away from me and angled his backside downwards towards my cock.
He looked back at me with a grin, and said, "Come on then, Rob, bum me like you've been wanting to! Shove your cock up my hole!"
I called out, "Oh yeah, Guy! Please! Let me fuck your arse!"
He laughed and said, "It's all yours, mate!" and then he plunged his big rump slap down onto my cock. I grabbed my shaft and jabbed the head firmly against his hot, slick hole and, to my gasping relief, my copiously-applied spit allowed me to slide it into him.
I wrapped my arms around him and started making love to him quickly, first with the top couple of inches of my cock but gradually with more and more of it as his bowels steadily grew used to this new and insistent intruder.
I was whimpering again, the pleasure of being able to penetrate Guy while still connected to my son almost too great for me to be able to cope with.
"Your dad's fucking Mr Leeson," Marcus told Jake. "He has his cock just about all the way up his arse!"
"Crouch down the same, then," Jake gasped pulling his face out from his butt-crack. "Let me fuck you like they are, the four of us in row!"
The rhythm of Jake's bum stopped as he worked himself up his friend's wet chute, and when it started up again, it was if anything more rapid, as the two of us enjoyed anal intimacy with our lovers back-to-back with the dildo still lodged up our thrusting bums.
Guy staggered further forwards so that his arms were outstretched on the carpet and knelt down so that he could stick his big, manly arse out towards me. I shifted my hands down his sides to grab at his hips, and then mounted him properly in the doggy position. This was my favourite of all the many ways of copulating with another man and I was so pleased that Guy had chosen to give himself to me in this way.
I fucked him hard and fast, with me squatting and him kneeling on all fours. I loved watching my cock driving in and out of his big, solid bum-cheeks, and sniffed eagerly at the wonderfully crude odour that was wafting upwards from his virgin hole.
"Oh God yeah!" Jake cried out and I swung my head around to see what he was doing. He was holding Marcus by the shoulders and was fucking him just as roughly as I was fucking Guy.
I couldn't believe we were doing this with the dildo still connecting us: the two of us making love to our respective men in this position; our butts pounding against each other and our rectums bound exquisitely together.
It was, to say the least, utterly incredible. I had never felt such intense ecstasy, to be honest; I can hardly describe how it felt to be experiencing this new level of intimacy with Guy while I had the same big rubber shaft up inside me that my son had inside him.
As the four of us pounded away together, the brash smell from Guy's newly-ploughed entrance and the more earthy richness from Marcus' more frequently traversed hole combined to add to the much rougher stink of mine and Jake's double-ended enjoyment. The hot air in the room became a vulgar cacophony of four men's differing anal scents: the crude, pungent fug from the dildoed arseholes of the father and son being thrillingly enhanced by the deeper, carnal odours from our lovers' bowels as the two of us so rapidly and forcefully buggered them.
Jake suddenly started calling out with a high-pitched voice, "Ah! Ah! Ah!" Then he fell away from me, his backside pulling right off the dildo, gasping feverishly between his friend's shoulder blades.
Guy grunted back at him, "Yeah, fill him up, son!" as Jake's hips kept thrashing against Marcus' perky buttocks, shooting squirt after squirt of his seed into his bowels.
I grabbed Guy by the shoulders and started fucking him at full kilter, intent now on reaching my own orgasm imminently. The dildo was still sticking out of my arsehole and thrashing about like some weird black tail, slapping against the backs of my thighs as my butt muscles clamped tightly around the part of it still buried inside me.
The air was suddenly ripe with my son's most intimate stink, smeared thickly down his side of the dildo and sticking in thick gobs to the smooth polished head.
While Jake was still recovering from his quivering climax, Marcus pulled away from him and shuffled over to see what Guy and I were doing. I turned to look at him, my face probably soaked with sweat and my complexion pallid from prolonging my arousal way too long, and he smiled at our lovemaking.
"You both look incredible, Mr Furlong," he muttered. "What you're doing is truly beautiful."
I smiled back at him, delighted with his every word. I had to agree with him: in my own view, male-to-male anal sex in this, the doggy, position was one of the most beautiful of sexual sights whatever one's persuasion.
I managed to gasp at him, "He's losing his virginity!"
Marcus beamed at me. "Then it's even more amazing."
He surprised me by leaning forwards and grabbing the end of the dildo that was protruding from my butt-crack. He started thrusting it back and forth in time with the hammering of my hips against Guys' quivering arse-cheeks.
I gasped, "Oh, yeah! Slam it in and out of me!" and then Jake struggled to his feet and came over, grinning at how his lover was working the dildo so frantically in and out of his dad's sweaty crack.
My son's cock was going floppy but Marcus' was still straining upright: the orgasm Jake had so passionately enjoyed clearly had not been shared by his partner. Marcus grabbed his own erection with his free hand and started wanking himself off as he pumped the huge rubber phallus quickly and roughly through my red and swollen hole.
"Oh God, that feels so good!" I cried out to him and he grinned at my stupefied expression, so pleased to be adding to my mounting pleasure.
"Really fuck him with it!" Jake called out, and I glanced back at him to see that he was directing that instruction towards his friend.
Marcus started ramming the huge girth of the dildo as hard and as fast as he could up into my innards and I gasped as my own climax hit in, my balls pumping my semen for the very first time up into Guy's inexperienced bowels.
"Oh God, yeah!" Guy cried out as I emptied surge after surge of my cream deeply into him and he started beating himself off at the sensation of having another man discharge himself up inside him.
I fell on top of him, my chest heaving against his back, and I managed to whisper, "Did you like that Guy? Did you like me fucking you?"
He chuckled, still wanking his cock quickly as my own continued to spurt endlessly into him, and said, "Too fucking true, I did, mate! But now I really need to blow my nut!"
He pulled away from me with the most disgusting, sloppy fart that made it sound like he had a serious case of explosive diarrhoea, and stood up to face me with my own discoloured semen trickling down the insides of his hairy thighs.
He said, "Turn around, Rob, and bend over. Let's see you working that almighty black cock in and out of your splayed arse, mate!"
Even though my cock was still dribbling with the dregs of my climax and I had barely recovered my breath, I got up and bent forwards towards the fireplace with the huge rubbery tail still flopping around out of my butt-crack. I grabbed it through my legs and started driving it and out of my arsehole, finding it difficult to keep a firm grip on the big droopy thing from the amount of lube and all the mess from Jake's butt that was making the rubber so slimy and wet.
"Is this what you want me to do?" I asked, keen to stoke these two guys up towards their own climaxes now that my son and I had both so energetically enjoyed our own.
"Ah, yeah!" Guy gasped. His hand was quickly bashing away at is cock again and Marcus pushed himself up to stand alongside him so he could watch me too while he roughly beat himself off.
My own organ was losing its firmness and starting to hang down as if seeking post-coital comfort from my soft, cosy scrotum. Nevertheless, I wanted to perform for my audience and if that meant continuing to sodomise my own arse while they wanked themselves off - even though I really just wanted nice cold glass of white wine - then that was what I would have to do.
Struggling to get a grip on it, I was pleased when a firmer hand than mine gripped the appendage. It was Jake, who had swivelled around and was kneeling down next to me and, from his more advantageous angle, was able to far more dextrously work the dildo in and out of my bum.
"Right, lads," he chuckled, "let's see you wank off to this!"
He started sliding the dildo rapidly in and out of me and I grunted my thanks to him, putting both hands down on the hearth to support myself as I bent as low as I could and pushed my bum right outwards.
"I wanna see you spunk up over his arse!" he told them. "Or over my face. The choice is yours."
Guy and Marcus laughed and I could see through my legs that both their hands were working themselves into a hard, purposeful rhythm.
My son kept driving the black rubber more quickly in and of my butthole - was I really okay about him doing this to me? - as the two men stood watching him, pumping their wrists faster and faster on their cocks.
Then they both laughed and Guy called out, "Fucking hell, mate!"
And Marcus gasped, "Ah yeah! Go for it, mate! Don't hold back!"
I called up to him, "What are you doing, Jake?" but whatever it was he did it again because the two of them laughed more loudly and their hands started slamming up and down their cocks in a flurry of motion.
"Fucking awesome!" Guy gasped. "You're a dirty little fucker, Jake!"
"Go on, do it again!" Marcus added, his hand now pounding away at himself in a blur.
"What are you doing?" I repeated, struggling to see up at him through my legs. He had his face right near my arsehole and the dildo as he pummelled it up into my bowels. He couldn't be licking at the rubber as it slid in and out of my sore and bloated hole, could he? That couldn't, surely, be what was making these guys laugh and bash their dicks off so quickly, could it?
Whatever it was he did it a third time and Guy started shooting his hot, white sperm all over my bum before directing his spurting cock towards Jake's mischievous face.
Marcus called out, "Yeah, that's it, Jake - go on, lap at it! Right near his hole!" And then his cock followed Guy's and started emptying its load over his lover's kneeling body.
Having done what he'd set out to do, Jake let go of the dildo and grabbed the tissues from the coffee table to start wiping the two varieties of semen off himself. I struggled to push myself back up from the hearth and, with no-one to hold it, the dildo was expelled from my arse with an unpleasant squelch.
The double-ended stain it made on the fawn-coloured carpet would take several bottles of carpet cleaner to slowly dab out.
We left Guy and Marcus downstairs pulling their pants and jeans back up while Jake and I went upstairs, along with the dildo, to clean ourselves up.
Both still naked and with me standing at the sink, rubbing all our muck off the dildo under the hot tap, I asked him what it was he'd done to make Guy and Marcus climax.
"Oh, I was just messing around," he laughed, using a wet flannel to sponge their semen out of his hair.
"You weren't licking the dildo, were you?" I asked him, wanting to see his reaction through the mirror.
He just smiled and looked back at me. "Of course I wasn't! Jesus, do you actually think I'd do that, dad?"
"Marcus told you to 'lap at it' right near my hole. What were you doing to make him say that?"
"I had my tongue out, yeah," he grinned, "but that was just to get them spunking up. I was getting a cramp kneeling there like that and I just thought, 'What's gonna get them shooting their nuts?' and so I stuck my tongue my tongue out pretended like I was licking it."
"You pretended to lick the dildo? With it sliding in and out of my bum?"
He shrugged. "I didn't have my tongue anywhere near it. I was just acting up like women in a porn film. Wiggling my tongue towards it as if it was so sexy."
I nodded but I was far from convinced.
He tried his innocent look - which isn't that easy to pull off when you're dabbing two blokes' spunk out of your hair - and said, "That's all it was dad - honestly! I really wouldn't have put my tongue on it."
I didn't respond but just turned back to look at the dildo as I rubbed its full length with my whole hand, as if I was wanking it off underneath the hot tap.
"What do you use to clean this thing, Jake?" I asked him. "I've washed all our mess off it but it still stinks to high heaven."
"On the packaging it said use warm water and detergent. Oh, and that it's dishwasher safe."
"I'm not putting it in the dishwasher, Jake. There are matters of hygiene to consider, you know."
I suppose that sounds a bit fussy considering the sheer state the four of us had had just left the living room in.
That night in bed I asked Guy what Jake had been doing behind me when he and Marcus had so vigorously reached their mutual climaxes.
"Oh, just messing around," he said. "You know what your Jake's like."
"In what way was he messing around?" I persisted. "If I remember rightly you called him a 'dirty little fucker'."
"Yeah, well I was just about to jazz off. I don't have to tell you some of the stuff I come out with when I'm getting close."
"Was he licking the dido?" I asked outright.
"Licking it?" Guy asked with what seemed like forced incredulity. "Of course he wasn't licking it, mate. Jesus, like he would!"
"Was he at least pretending to lick it? Did he have his tongue out like he was going to?"
"No, of course not. Come on, Rob, he's your son. He wouldn't do anything like that."
Having quickly got dressed in his bedroom after we'd cleaned up, Jake had bounded downstairs before me and I had a strong suspicion that he'd urgently whispered to the two of them in the living room, "Whatever he asks you, I wasn't licking the dildo, okay?"
I'd hurried down straight after him, still fastening up my shirt, and had walked in on the three of them staring at me, all just smiling like butter wouldn't melt.
"So what was he doing behind me?" I asked Guy, curious that his story didn't match up with Jake's. "What was it that made you and Marcus laugh so much and then climax pretty much in unison?"
"Oh, I dunno," he muttered, struggling to think his way out of this. "Just stupid stuff..."
"Like what?"
"It's a bit of blur," he claimed, and then, seizing an idea which must have just occurred to him, added, "but... yeah... he was sort of sniffing at the dildo. Yeah, that's it... he was pretending he really liked the smell of it. And after all that stuff we'd be saying about how horny the two of you stank when you were double-ending it together, it just seemed really hot and sexy to see him sniffing at it and grinning."
I didn't tell him that what he'd said completely conflicted with Jake's story. I was becoming convinced that my son had rather over-stepped the mark during our fun and that I'd have to be more careful with him in future.
I put my arm over Guy's chest and snuggled against his shoulder. Whatever had happened wasn't his fault and it was sweet, in a way, that he was trying to protect my son from the strong reaction he knew I could quite easily vent.
He said, "Whatever Jake was doing, Rob - and it really wasn't anything out of order - it won't stop us all having some fun in the future, will it?"
"I dunno," I sighed. "I am his dad, Guy. There has to be limits."
"You were the one who suggested the double-ending thing with him, mate."
"I know that," I nodded. "And that part was great. But the two of us were quite strict about what we could and couldn't do and I'm now wondering whether Jake went beyond that."
"Whatever it was he did, I swear to god that he didn't actually touch you. That was the rule wasn't it?"
"He broke the spirit of the rule which was more about us not being intimate together. And licking a dildo sliding in and out of someone's arse is, in my view, one of the most intimate things a person can do."
This time Guy didn't dispute my suspicion; he just said, "If he did lick the dildo - and I'm not for a second saying that he really did - it shows how strong you guys' relationship is. You should be thankful for that, Rob. What you guys did tonight just proves that you and him have got a truly heavy-duty bond between you. I'd kill to have something like that with my kid."
I nodded into his armpit. Maybe he was right.
Maybe I was looking at this the wrong way and that such occasional moments of intimacy between my son and me could only strengthen the special connection we had. Perhaps what Jake had done - what I was now sure he had done when he'd been kneeling behind me - was something I mustn't feel in any way uncomfortable about but should be a cause for celebration.
I went off to sleep with that thought in my head; wondering whether it would be wrong for me to allow a deeper physical closeness to develop with my son.