Fun Audition
by
Musings of Pan
Author's Note: All characters in this story are over 25 years old.
This all came as a surprise to me. I wouldn't have expected this opportunity in my wildest dreams but here it was. Or so it seemed.
It began with a telephone call from Sara. Sara isn't really my sister. She is actually a cousin but we are so close that I think of her as my sister and she thinks of me as her brother. We are both in our thirties with careers of our own but we can discuss anything. Sara is divorced with no children and I never married and don't think I have any children.
It was a Wednesday evening and I was trying to decide what take out food to order when my cell made the two tone sound I have set for incoming calls. "Hi Bro," Sara chirped, "Have I ever the deal for you if you are free Saturday." If anyone else said that I would be wary but this was just normal Sara.
"Well I was planning to think through the world's problems while washing my car and then some serious crosswords."
"Oh, then I guess you are too busy to guide some ladies through strip photographs."
"I think my Saturday schedule is freeing up. What in the world is happening?"
Sara explained that three friends of hers had seen porn audition videos and were excited. They didn't want to go into professional porn but they were fascinated with the idea of doing what the women did in the videos. They want to try it in a safe environment with someone they could trust. She had volunteered me to direct and the session because it needs a male perspective and I have some skills directing scenes. She went on to say that she would operate the camera while I directed. Now what man would turn this down?
Later that evening I was wondering, do most women have exhibitionist urges? Given the repressive constraints of our society vs the built in desire to attract the opposite sex it seems likely. Of course no 'Nice' girl could admit this but she could wear clothes which show a lot of skin and 'accidentally' flash a show of boob or panties when a good looking guy was near. I can understand why women might want to bend or break the rules of society. If this can be done in private without consequences I think many, if not most, women would jump at the chance.
In the next evenings I prepared by watching some of these videos and making notes of situations to try. I also bought a box of condoms and some sex lube just in case. It doesn't hurt to be prepared.
Saturday I met the ladies at one of their homes. There was Samantha who was just a little over five feet tall with a slender figure. However the slender body made her boobs and butt look big by contrast. She had light brown hair which framed a pixie like face which had a mischievous smirk. Samantha was wearing a white button up shirt with the top buttons open, a dark form fitting skirt, and low heel slip on shoes.
Next was Mary who was considerably larger than Samantha. She was probably five feet eight or nine inches tall and full figured but not fat. Her boobs were very prominent beneath a pink pullover sweater with scoop neck. Below was a light tan slightly flared skirt and tan sandals. She looked confident and ready to do this.
Last was Roxanne who was about five foot six. While her boobs and hips were not as eye-catching as Mary's they were nicely proportioned on her figure. Her face was the classic heart shape framed by shiny dark hair. She was wearing a blue wrap around tie top over a white short flared skirt and open toe shoes. Roxanne looked like she had been talked into this but wasn't really sure she could do it.
I made a big fuss about how beautiful they all were to help put them at ease and chatted with them to fill in some time while Sara was setting up her lighting and cameras. Each girl admitted some nervousness but also excitement. I told them I was looking forward to seeing all their beauty. We decided that we would film in the living room with the ladies on the sofa. I thought this would work better and be less intimidating than the bedroom. We moved the coffee table away from the sofa to provide plenty of space.
Sara said she was ready so I asked the ladies to all sit on the sofa. They all sat down in very ladylike poses with backs straight, legs crossed and pointed to the side. All very proper. I called, "Lights! Camera! Action!"
I started with the standard interview going from left to right Samantha, Mary, and Roxanne asking name, age, where they were from, what they like to do. Then I moved on to more personal questions such as when is the last time you had sex, what is your favorite position, do you masturbate, etc. Roxanne was a bit hesitant about answering the sex questions.
Then I asked Samantha to stand so we could see her. I had her turn all the way around. She was standing there with that grin so I told her to lift up her skirt so we could see her panties. She kept grinning as she lifted her skirt all the way up to expose blue panties. She turned around again and showed her panty clad butt. I told her to sit but this time with legs open and skirt up to show panties. This was starting to be fun.
Mary went through the same exercise but when I told her to lift her skirt she informed me that she was not wearing panties. I think she thought that would excuse her but I said, "So much the better." Soon she was holding up her skirt showing a clean shaved slit. When she turned around I had her bend over so the camera and I could get a good look.
I glanced over at Sara to see how she was doing but she seemed fine. Just working away capturing everything on camera. I wasn't sure how Roxanne would manage but she did fine holding her skirt up to show yellow panties and bending over to show her ass. She still looked nervous but seemed to be warming up. When she sat down with her legs open showing off those yellow panties.
Back to the left end of the line I asked Samantha to put her hands under her boobs and push them up and out. She seemed to like showing off like this so I told her to do this with naked breasts. She didn't hesitate but unbuttoned her shirt and slid it off. Then came her bra. Her boobs were more beautiful naked than covered. Whoever got the idea that boobs should be covered was nuts! She put her hands under her boobs and with a smile presented them by lifting.
To move things along I asked both Mary and Roxanne to take off their tops. Mary who did not have panties was also not wearing a bra. She held her boobs out and wagged them back and forth. Her nipples looked hard so I reached out my hand and felt one and then the other. Then I gave her left nipple a gentle pull and twist. She gave a quick gasp and smiled.
Roxanne didn't have to be directed. She unhooked her bra and let it fall. Her boobs were not as large as the other girls but she was able to lift and present them nicely. She gave a confident smile. I thought I should be fair so I gave her left nipple a tweak.
I directed all three girls to remove their skirts and panties and sit with their legs open. Sara leaned in to get pussy shots. Then I had each girl open her pussy lips with her fingers. Sara got more pussy shots. Samantha's pussy was definitely wet but Roxanne's looked to be getting there. Taking advantage of the situation I moved close and ran my finger up and down each open pussy.
Three naked women in front of me displaying their most intimate parts and ready to do anything I asked. This must be heaven. Of course my cock was hard. So I dropped my pants, pulled down my boxers, and let my cock swing free. I asked who is the best cocksucker. Mary raised her hand so I walked up to her. She took my cock in hand and began by licking the underside from base to tip. Then she ran her tongue around my glans before sliding it between her lips. She was getting quite enthusiastic bobbing her head up and down. That girl really knew what she was doing. Though it felt wonderful, I had to stop her before I came so I could try the other girls.
Roxanne wanted to be next. She was clearly getting into this. She did moves with her mouth and tongue which I had never felt before and included a little ball massage. Samantha was slow to start. I told her she didn't have to if she didn't want but she said she would try it. It seemed this was her first time. After a short while I told her to stop. Through all this Sara was breathing hard while she moved about to capture the action on camera.
I had Samantha stand and turn to face the sofa. Then bend over with her arms on the seat. I moved to that delicious butt and entered her pussy from behind. She gasped but did not complain. I reached under and grabbed a boob in each hand as I pumped in and out of her very wet vagina. Then I reached down between her legs and rubbed her clit. Her vagina clinched and she gave a loud yell as she came.
I pulled out and moved over to Mary who understood without being told. She stood, turned and bent over. Mary's vagina was even more slippery than Samantha's, feeling to me warm and welcoming. Fortunately she came quickly because I was having trouble holding back. When I got to Roxanne she was already bent over and ready. Roxanne was a bit tighter than the others and I had to spend a little more time on her clit but she did come loudly.
"Congratulations Ladies, you have just completed your practice audition. I hope you all go on to have a very fulfilling sex career be it on screen or in the bedroom." When they had dressed and left I looked over at Sara who was fiddling with her equipment. "Get your clothes off and come over here."
"But I'm your cousin!" she exclaimed though her red face and fast breathing showed a real need.
"You are a cousin who badly needs to get off."
I put my naked cousin on a chair and knelt between her legs. I licked her slit from bottom to top and around her clit. Then, with my finger in her vagina I licked up the inside of her slit and around her uncovered clit. She was hot enough that she came with a squeal quickly. Now it was finally my turn. I got to my feet and, stroking my cock, unloaded a stream of come on her tits.
"Is there a way to make a living doing this?" I asked.