Sitting in the hotel restaurant eating an ham and cheese omelet with side a hash browns, I shook my head wondering if last night really happened. After our shower last night, Michele had dressed and gone to her room, but prior to that was nothing short of incredible. All that pent up passion and desire released on each other in the most lustful and beautiful way. We'd only met in the morning, but by the time I'd finally closed my eyes to sleep, I'd knew more about her body than most girls I'd ever been with. The question that was left, was how would she handle our interaction today?
Earlier this morning I'd fielded a call from my wife back home, as usual she had nothing positive to say, not even a 'I miss you' just complained about the kids and how she felt. It was taxing. Early in the relationship I played the fixer, constantly running to be her savior, but her negativity was exhausting. Now that negativity wasn't just here and there, it wasn't just during sex, it was all the fucking time. I was thankful it wasn't a video call as I rolled my eyes while she complained about trivial things I couldn't control or help with.
The whole conversation made me thankful for the night I'd just experienced with Michele. I wondered if I'd be wracked with guilt, upset, not being able to live with my decisions last night. But that call was a reminder of just how frustrating 'real life' was, and how this tryst last night was me being able to step into fantasyland for a while, in a safe space, relax, drop stress and inhibitions, judgement, and just explore one another and enjoy being passionate with someone equally so. That thought kept me smiling and looking forward to our next conversation, I hoped she would feel the same way.
I was in the meeting room early this morning. Working on a computer in the back of the room, trying to complete some work before the day took off with my responsibilities of helping our the new employees again. 'Four more days and then back to normal,' I thought. 'Four more days, and no more Michele.' That second though pained me a little. Last night was so incredible, it gave me a sense of urgency to experience more while we had the opportunity.
The new employees filed into the room, talking again, more comfortable than yesterday. I chatted with a few of them as they had questions, or needed some help with something they were trying to complete from the day before. Friendly people, and I tried to dive into my work with them.
She made her entrance again, and it was no less impressive than yesterday. The door swung open, she strutted in, confident as ever. Everyone immediately went silent and had their eyes on her. Her blonde hair pulled into a pony tail today, huge bright smile on her face. She wore a red dress today, wide shoulders but no sleeves, the material wasn't as thin or fitting as yesterday's dress, still a maternity cut, but this dress concealed a little more of her petite pregnant body behind it. The dress was still sexy and ended on her thighs in a similar place just above her knees. Her calves poured into black 3 inch heels, maybe a little shorter than yesterday but still absolutely stunning. I wondered what she had on underneath.
As she walked into class, she took care in not making any eye contact with me. I wasn't sure at first to make of this. She didn't waste time address the class and taking control.
"Good morning everyone!" she beamed. I could see her face now and she glowed, an additional layer of happiness in her expression than I'd seen yesterday
"Good morning!" everyone responded.
"Thanks for completing your homework last night, I got everyone's emails. Let me get settled, feel free to grab a coffee and we'll get started in about 15min." She stated and returned to her desk.
I was still searching her face for a look, some confirmation that she felt good about last night, and not guilty or regretful. I didn't get it immediately. She worked intently preparing for her lessons without looking up from her laptop. I watched her, this beautiful creature, so professional, so focused on her work. No one in this class was aware of how many times I had her coming last night, or the amazing hours we'd shared in my hotel room. I was about to stand and go walk over when she dug a bottle from her bag and walked over to me, sitting down in the chair next to me.
"Good morning," she said in a hushed tone, so just she and I could hear, handing me the bottle. It was orange juice, "I know you're not a coffee drinker, but I got a good tip that you're a big fruit juice fan," she smiled, pausing. "Sorry it's not homemade like it was yesterday."
That same wry smile crossing her face as I'd seen many times gave me the confirmation I needed. Not only did she also enjoy last night, she didn't appear to be in a bad state this morning. What a relief.
"Thank you for the juice, how thoughtful of you. You're right, I much rather prefer freshly squeezed, but this will do for now. Maybe you can show me where I can obtain some more of the homemade variety later?" I smiled.
"You can count on it!" she replied. Smiling, she stood and walked back to her computer. My cock throbbed in my suit, she always knew just what to say.
We spent the morning instructing the new people on their job responsibilities in the department, and fielding questions, some good some bad. But Michele and I played off each other well. Our styles complimented each other, and we were effective at teaching class. At a break Michele asked if I would have lunch with her in the cafeteria, away from the others who typically ate in a group. Of course I agreed, making some wisecrack about a pregnant girl asking me out on a date to be playful, but still professional as others could overhear.
The rest of the morning went quickly, and we broke for lunch, picking up our food, Michele and I found a quiet table at the opposite end of the cafeteria. I walked behind her ogling her calves as they flexed while she walked to her chair. We sat down and I realized she had more food on her plate than I had on mine. Rare for a tiny girl like herself, compared to a bigger guy like me.
"Eating for two?" I joked.
"Yes, and after my workout last night, I've been absolutely famished." She cracked back.
"Better fuel up and get some rest, I hear Tuesday night at the gym can be demanding!" I joked.
"Maybe I like demanding," she responded, almost always one sexy line ahead of me.
"You know," she lowered her voice and leaned in. I watched her lips mouth words at barely over a whisper to me. "I'm fucking sopping wet today, sitting here soaking through my panties for you, how am I supposed to focus in there?"
"You're soaked huh?" I pressed, as I felt my cock throb from the sexy words leaving her lips.
"Completely," she stated flatly.
"Prove it." I repeated my line from last night, testing her 'demanding' idea.
"Oh no, I'm not doing that now!" She giggled.
I looked at her sternly, feeling playful, "If you like demanding workouts on Tuesdays, I said prove it."
She looked around the room nervous, shifting in her seat, "I can't take off my panties in here, someone will see."
"Figure it out." I never broke eye contact with her.
She sat fidgeting in her seat, squirming, looking around the room, I could see her trying to work it out...wanting this fantasy to move forward. In a moment she got up and headed to the bathroom quickly. She was gone a few minutes. As she came back she had walked up from behind me, I felt a hand hit my chest as she walked past to sit down again, something dropped in my lap. I looked down, a small swath of red fabric lay in my lap. I quickly squeezed it in my fist, covering it...immediately feeling it's dampness, her panties. Looking at her she giggled and smile that devilish grin. I carefully raised my fist to my nose, caught her eyes again, bored into her soul, and inhaled deeply, taking in her scent while looking at her, she shuttered, biting her lower lip.
"Was that what I think it was?" I asked quietly.
She leaned in, "you just made me come," she bit her lip again.
I mouthed the word "Fuck" and felt my cock begin to pulse in my suit, thickening down the leg of my pants. Quickly I tucked her little thong in the inside pocket of my suit. She looked at me surprised, I think she thought I would give them back. Now it was me giggling, picking up my fork and continuing to eat my lunch.
"You just sit there and eat Michele, squishing those lips together for the rest of the day."
Now it was her who mouthed "Fuck" at me.
I asked her about her 'demanding' comment earlier and she went on to explain that she'd always wanted to fulfill a fantasy where she was mildly dominated by someone. She wanted to be completely submissive, not hardcore S&M stuff or humiliation, but just 'used' to her lover's pleasure and maybe some safe exhibitionism where she could show off without being arrested. She wanted to please her lover, by doing anything she was asked, and she wanted it as soft or as rough as he wanted it. She mentioned that her husband, and no past boyfriends ever had the stones to play things like this out with her, even when she asked, begged even. She wanted a man to ravage her, challenge her, and take what he needed. I made a mental note quietly, maybe one night this week I could make that fantasy come true for her.
We enjoyed the rest of our lunch, trying to keep the conversation professional for the rest of our time together, slipping in sarcastic remarks now and again. She wasn't kidding about being famished and we both finished out lunch and headed back to the meeting room. As we walked back occasionally I'd stop to look at a picture on the wall, just so I could walk behind her to catch up...taking a long gaze at how her panty-free ass swayed in her dress. Knowing she had no panties on and was likely dripping down her thighs was such a turn on it kept me long and thick in my suit.
The afternoon went by quickly, but I found my mind wandered whenever I had a free moment thinking of what was to come with her. Well, who was to come first was more like it. Her, I thought, and several times over.
Leaving the office we needed to drive back in separate cars. "Dinner again, same place?" I asked.
"Perfect." she said, "I'll see you in 30min."
"Deal."
I watched as she carefully put her pregnant body in her car, I jumped in mine and drove there. After parking I headed up to my room alone. As I removed my tie, I was paying more attention to all my clothing, I realized how wet with precum my red boxer briefs were. I laughed...then I realized something. It was time to start her demanding night. She was in for a surprise.
I dialed the front desk and asked for her room. It rang a long time before she picked up.
"Hello,"she answered.
"Dinner will be later, my room, 5 minutes...naked," and I hung up the phone.
I brushed my teeth, and washed the daily grime off my face to wake myself up a little bit. I put my tie back on, and just as I was about to check my watch, there was a knock at the door. Upon opening, she stood in the hall, looking mildly excited and nervous. She smiled and took a step towards me in the open door.
"I told you naked," and shut the door right in her face.
It was rude, and difficult, this wasn't natural for me, I was normally a caring and compassionate man with my lovers. But this would be different for both of us. I peeked out the security peep hole at her. She still stood in the hallway, pacing back and forth...looking nervously down the hall. She fidgeted while she stood there, contemplating leaving...but she didn't.
"Scott please open the door," she said as she leaned in.
"I said naked, follow instructions, or go eat alone." I commanded.
She looked nervously back down the hall again, shifting from foot to foot. It was then I remembered I still had her panties in my suit pocket. The thought made me smile...then I noticed her slipping her heels off. Then reaching into her armpit and unzipping her dress. She slipped out of it, and then she quickly unclasped her bra. She stood there completely naked, her pregnant belly looking so sexy just underneath her perky breasts topped with those delicious pink nipples. She was holding her clothes and shoes in one hand, she knocked quickly on the door.
'Please!" She pleaded with me.
I couldn't leave her out there forever, I opened the door but stood blocking it, leaving her to stand in the hallway.
"Drop the clothes."
She looked at me, questioning for a moment, and then she got it, she knew what I was doing. She looked at her clothes, and set them down just outside the door.
Standing again I took in her naked body, she kept looking nervously in the direction of the elevators. She looked back at me pleading with her. I stepped outside into the hallway with her, leaving one foot in the door so it wouldn't lock us out. I wrapped an arm around her narrow waist and kissed her deeply. She opened her mouth and kissed me back, moaning into my mouth. All day being around each other but not being able to act was difficult for both of us, and our bodies sighed a little relief as our mouths embraced. I stood tall and looked at her, she wrapped her arms around my waist, hiding her nakedness with my body.
I pulled her arms down to her side, and took a step back. I drank her gorgeous figure in from head to toe. Her little feet, toned legs, clean shaven pussy, round and beautiful pregnant belly, those perky breasts, and her smiling and excited face...although her by her gaze I could tell she was growing worried of being discovered in the hall. Poor sexy preggo with no clothes on.
"Are you ready?" I asked sternly.
"I am Sir," she responded.
I reached out with one hand and pushed the door wide open, with the other hand I reached out behind her head. Grasping her pony tail with a firm grip and pulled her into the room. Dragging her inside by her head, she protested a little. I walked her swiftly to the opposite side of the room where the floor to ceiling windows looked over the street and city below. Whipping her around, she steadied herself against the glass with her hands. I pressed up against her, my clothed hard cock coming to rest between her naked ass cheeks. Anyone looking up from the street could see us clearly; her naked body was on display for anyone lucky enough to see her. I pulled on her pony tail, twisting her head backwards and forcefully kissed her lips. Mashing our lips together I forced my tongue into her mouth, she opened immediately and our tongues explored each other. She moaned in to my mouth again.
She whispered "Anything you want."
"Good girl." I responded.
Releasing her handle, I pushed her legs further apart, pulling her hips back from the window so she was nearly bent over in perfect standing doggie style position against the glass. Her beautiful naked body in front of me to do with as I pleased. I wanted this to be pleasurable for her too, but I needed to take what I wanted. I pressed into her from behind more urgently, reaching around and holding her big round belly as my cock squeezed between her naked cheeks again. Reaching forward I caressed her breasts, sliding my fingers to her nipples and gently squeezing them. She moaned. I slid my hands onto her back and down over her ass as I stepped back to admire her ass, her little starfish winking at me, and her hairless pussy peeking out from between her thighs.
I noticed her juices flowing freely down her thighs, as wet as she'd been last night...now it was also all over the front of my suit pants that had been pressed against her. I couldn't wear these again this week. I squatted behind her, running my hands over her ass and spreading her ass cheeks further. Pressing my face close to her sex, I extending my tongue and licked her clit, already hard and straining for attention.
"Oh fuck!" she moaned.
I let my tongue slide off her clit, through her wet slit, over her entrance. I stopped to dip inside and get a taste, sliding further then to the sensitive skin between her pussy and ass, and then gently flicking my tongue over her starfish. She moaned louder now, and wiggled her ass back toward me. I didn't stay long and trailed my tongue through her sopping gash back to her clit, I flicked her clit hard with my tongue as my nose teased the entrance to her pussy.
She immediately began breathing heavy, and I continued my brief assault on her little button.
"Oh fuck yes Scott!" She groaned at me, her voice several octaves lower than before as I felt her pussy send a shudder through her body...her first orgasm was small...there would be more...but not yet.
I stood up again, grabbed her hands forcefully and pulled her to a standing position. I kissed her passionately, forcing her to taste her sex all over my lips, tongue and face. She kissed me hungrily enjoying the taste of her own juice. After a moment, I broke off the kiss and pulled her with her handle to the floor in front of me. Kneeling now, I commanded her again.
"Take my cock out and suck it Michele." I said coldly.
She smiled a little and complied quickly. "Yes Sir."
She unzipped my suit pants, now stained with her pussy juice. She reached in and fished out my throbbing cock. She pulled it out and the head smacked her in the lips as she was so close and momentarily forgot how long it was. She giggled and opened her mouth, expertly sucking my hard dick into her mouth. I looked down watching her as she focused on her toy, licking and kissing the head, licking down the shaft. With my pants still on, she couldn't reach my balls but she moved back to the head and starting taking me all the way down into her throat in no time. I grabbed her handle with one hand, she steadied herself with her hands on my thighs, and I pulled her face onto my cock.
She choked just a bit as she bottomed out into my pants. I pulled her back, then pressed my cock deep into her throat again. She moaned and began to make gulping noises as I increased the pace of my face fucking. After a minute or so, I stopped and let her catch her breath.
"Yes Scott, fuck my throat baby!" she said breathlessly in a guttural tone. "Is that how you want me baby? Taking your cock down my throat like the good little slut that I am for you?"
She was reading my mind, and I clutched her handle harder now, forcing my cock into her face, deeply. She went all the way down onto my hard pole, forcing my thick cock into her warm mouth and tight throat. Long strokes in and out of her mouth now, faster and harder I forced myself down her gullet as she whimpered a little from the punishment. The thrill of being able to use her throat for my own orgasm which was rushing closely forward.
She moaned all over my dick as she was now making sloppy choking sounds as her thick saliva was now all over my length, her face, and dripping all over her perky tits, and big pregnant belly below. She was making a big mess and every inch was coated in her wetness. It was time, her mouth accepted my cock all the way down her throat once, twice, and I pulled her off so she could take a deep breath, and pulling her by her handle, stuffing my cock all the way down her throat.
She looked up at me with tears in her eyes as my cock erupted deep inside her, pumping stream after stream of warm sticky cum straight down her throat into her belly. I held her there spurting over and over as my balls emptied down her throat. She was holding her breath as I finished, I began to pull slowly out. When her throat was clear she gasped for breath. Recovering quickly after just a couple deep breaths, she reached for my cock wanting to clean it off with her mouth.
I pulled back, snatching her toy from her grasp and pulled her upwards again. I pushed her back against the glass wall. Her back and ass pressed against the cold, smooth surface, as it was my turn to kneel in front of her. She saw where I was going and reached under her belly to spread her lips for me. I went straight in and attacked her clit. Sucking it into my mouth forcefully as my tongue flicked over it hard. She squealed at the rough attention suddenly paid to her most sensitive of places. She spread her lips further as I continued my attention.
She grunted, flexed her muscles, held her breath and exploded as she screamed! "Fuck yes Scott, I'm cummingggggg!"
Her pussy flooded my mouth, and sprayed my face and suit. She filled my mouth and soaked my clothes with each blast of juice from her spasming cunt. Still hungry, I dove onto her clit, licking and sucking her with abandon, I wanted her to cum again, and just as one orgasm subsided, she came again for me.
"Fuck Scott!" She cried out loud enough for any adjoining rooms to hear.
The gush from her pussy was less forceful this time, but hard enough to squirt again and her legs wobbled as she collapsed into a heap on the floor, now leaning up against the glass.
I looked down and my cock was half hard again from the reaction she was having. I reached over and picked her up, carrying her across the room, and tossing her onto the bed on her back. She looked at me, I stood in between her legs, grasped my cock and stroked it's length...getting her toy rock hard once more.
She smiled and looked at me readying myself for what would come next. She spread her legs wide, grasped her thighs and pulled her legs back on either side of her belly...presenting me with a beautifully spread pussy, ready to accept me. Instead of driving inside her like that, I grasped both her ankles and crossed them, rolling her over. She bent her knees quickly to make room for her pregnant belly as she rolled to be on all fours. Then grabbing her hips, I pulled them high so her ass was high in the air and pushed her head flat on the bed.
The height was perfect and I stepped forward pushing the enormous head of my cock against her entrance. She squealed as I pushed into her forcefully.
"Yes, fuck me Scott!" She yelled out.
After last night, she was accustomed to my length and girth, but it still hurt a little when I more forcefully pushed it inside her. She winced and grunted as her cunt stretched around the enormous head.
Last night I was gentle, but right now, I was taking what I wanted from her. Right now, I needed to feel her depths. Within three strokes found a quick rhythm, careful not to go too deep and bruise her cervix in this position. I slid in deeply into her tight cavern, her ass slapped against my pelvis and she began to scream, cry, and wail into the pillows on the bed.
I fucked her pussy harder, and she grunted with every stroke. I grasped her handle, that ponytail on the back of her head, and pulled her back into me more urgently. I reached down, spreading her ass cheeks even further as I fucked her. She grunted louder each time I filled her with my throbbing flesh. Her cute ass bent over in front of me, her little asshole looked inviting. As I fucked her I lowered a finger to her starfish and moved my finger around in a circle over it, gently applying a little pressure, and I slowed my strokes. She began to push back onto both my finger at her ass and on my cock in her drenched pussy. My finger entered her and I held it still as I let her fuck me for a few strokes with both, she cried out my name several times as she did, and I enjoyed knowing that she was loving the attention I was giving her. I also enjoyed the thought of all our hotel room neighbors knowing my name by now.
I pulled my finger out and pounded her a few more strokes with my cock, and that was it. I pulled out, flipped her back over just as my cock began to squirt my hot cum from deep in my balls all over her skin. My hot load landed all over her body, splashing onto her round belly, her tits, her neck and face. She giggled as she watched my cock spurting it's juice again, licking the bit that landed on her lips. The second it was done I plunged two fingers deep inside her pussy finding her spongy g-spot immediately, curling my fingers, and instantly making her cum for me.
"Fuck Scott, uuunnnggghhhhhh!" She grunted.
She squirted a light stream from her folds splashing over my hand. I think I loved making her cum more than my own orgasms.
I reached up with my slick fingers and stuffed them into her mouth, letting her taste her juice again, and watching her suck my fingers dutifully. I was pleased with her compliance. She spent a long time cleaning my fingers.
I was famished, so was she, and we stopped long enough to order room service. They told us they'd be up in 30 minutes.
I still wasn't finished with her, so I let her lay on the bed and suck my cock while I played with her pussy. She slowly played with my cock in her mouth. But in twenty minutes there was a knock at the door, she looked at me, wondering when I would stand to get the door.
Time to push her limits again.
I still had my suit on and she was stark naked. I told her to open the door. She looked at me scared and a little shocked, but the smile I gave her let her know, this wasn't negotiable. The rest of the night's plan, and all the orgasms she was yet to have hinged on how she handled the next few moments.
She got off the bed, and timidly walked up to the door, as the call of a man's voice "Room Service," came though the door.
I watched her slowly unlock the door nervously,she took a deep breath, steadied herself, and swung the door open. I covered my cock with a pillow as the room service guy got an eyeful of Michele.
Her petite and very pregnant body completely naked, covered in cum, standing in front of him. His jaw dropped and was speechless. She smiled at him, and pointed into the room, "You can put the food over there," she said. He never took his eyes off her perky breasts and pregnant belly. He tried not to trip on his tongue while he walked in and set down the tray. She followed in behind him.
"Hun, grab my wallet so I can tip the man," I said to her. He stood there fixated on her body, trying not to stare but failing miserably.
"Where's your wallet?" She asked as she smiled back at me.
"In the bottom drawer behind you." I sneered, knowing the show we were about to get.
She turned around showing the lucky guy and I her perfect little ass, and bent over at the waist. Her cute little pussy poked though her thighs again, still dripping with her juices. She found the wallet and stood up again, tossing it to me. I watched her eyes trailing to his groin where a noticeable bulge had appeared. She smiled.
I fished out a $50, and handed it to him. Lifting my finger to my lips, making the universal "don't say anything about this" symbol. He nodded and understood and headed for the door. We watched him, knowing he'd look, and before the door closed, he looked over his shoulder at Michele's naked body, smiling as the door closed.
She came over and playfully hit me in the arm, as I laughed, "I just paid that guy $50 to see you naked, he should have paid me!"
We laughed, and immediately I pushed her back onto her knees. You can eat your dinner but you need to keep me hard. I stripped off my suit, sat in front of her naked, and placed her food next to her, and she greedily sucked my cock back into her mouth, making me fully erect again in seconds...then took a bite of food while stroking me. She stroked and ate, sucked and chewed as I also ate fully enjoying her enthusiasm. Soon we were both full, and I wanted her again. I stood, and picked her up, kissing her madly as I carried her to the bed, laying her on her back.
I spun her around so her head was near the edge of the bed and pushed my cock into her mouth, forcing her to keep me hard. From then, we fucked in dozens of positions...twice. I flipped her over, turned her, picked her up, laid her down. I pushed her against the windows, I pounded her pussy on the table. We fucked in the chairs, and very loudly up against the door to the hallway while standing. I told her to scream, and she'd scream, when I told her louder, she'd do it again. All the while she came, and came, and came again, so did I. We squirted my cum all over her body as well as an orgasm in her mouth, and another deep inside her pussy. We ground our bodies together until we each had a last tumultuous orgasm and neither of us had any strength left. We laid there spooning on the floor, my cock buried deep inside her pussy as it leaked our cum all over both of us, holding each other, too exhausted to continue.
After our breathing had slowed, I scooped her up and carried her carefully into the shower. Setting her down on the floor, I joined her, kissed her gently and showered with her, soaping her up, and cleaning our shared juices off her entire body. I shampooed and conditioned her hair. I gave her a gentle massage as the warm water washed over us. We sat silently in the shower in our embrace.
Once she was clean and relaxed, I dried her off, and carried her to the bed, setting her carefully on the sheets and a fresh pillow. She curled her naked body into a fetal position and I pulled the covers up over her. Remembering her clothes in the hallway I retrieved them, then I turned all the lights off and slid in bed behind her. Spooning with her, I gently stroked her hair and her head. Touching her lovingly, I told her how beautiful she was, stroking her big belly I told her what a sexy and wonderful lover she was. I told her how what we shared today was so special, it was ours and ours alone. I kissed her neck softly. A sweet smile crossed her face as my finger tips touched her gently, helping her fall asleep. I held her in my strong arms, giving her a safe place to rest, and showing her my tender side again, knowing that for all our pushing of limits today, she was still a princess to me, and I wanted her to feel that way as she dozed off to a very content sleep.