Prologue:
The following is a continuation of the Lost Creek Wives' Club (LCWC) series, and as always I recommend reading the prior one first. And while I initially expected this to be the second of two parts describing our first group sex experience, I decided to split it into three. So please bear with it.
As always, comments are welcomed as long as they are constructive. Thank you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After I returned to the living room from rinsing my mouth in the kitchen, I found everyone oohing and aahing around Jim, as they watched the video he just took on his cell phone of me giving John a blow job.
Soon as I did, I all but shouted out of frustration... "How come you're all still dressed!?" After I calmed down... "The purpose of me giving John a blow job was to get the rest of you motivated. Not for you to watch a rerun of it."
As everyone looked at me, I went up to Jim and snatched the phone out of his hand... "If you and Nancy are still dressed by the time I count to ten, I'm going to delete the video you just took."
"Don't do that." And knowing I would, he quickly proceeded to remove his clothes.
By the time he finished, Nancy was already undressed. All except for the cosplay choker with the tiny bell on it. Between her voluptuous tits, her adorable mons pubis, and pretty feet, I thought Jim's eyes would pop out of his head from seeing her in all her naked glory for the first time.
Nancy's eye's too, but hers from seeing his dick for the first time. Even with it hanging between his legs only semi-hard, it was still nearly six inches in length.
The sight of it definitely "motivated" Nancy as she walked up to him and reached for it. Not with one hand, but two, and immediately began stroking it with both. Her eyes never left it as it became fully erect and as big and hard as I've ever seen it.
No doubt Jim took a little blue pill too, but I'm sure from how aroused he got had a lot to do with it being Nancy stroking him. Who he's fantasized about for who knows how long.
Walter and Maureen also got undressed, and it was easy to see Walter was even more impressed with Maureen. Not that you could blame him with her being younger than the rest of us, and with a body Bo Derek would have been envious of.
Just then, John rejoined us after cleaning himself in the bathroom... "How come the four of you are still on your feet? I thought for sure you'd be on the mattresses by now."
His comment set Walter and Maureen in motion as they headed for them, while Nancy, as she continued to stroke Jim's dick asked... "If you don't mind, I'd like to take you in my mouth first? Just so I can feel what a cock as big as yours feels like." But didn't wait for a reply as she immediately dropped to her knees.
As she held Jim's cock at the base with one hand that barely wrapped around it, she rubbed his cockhead back and forth over her lips before she opened her mouth and took it between them. After pausing for a second as though to gauge how big it was with her lips, it quickly disappeared into her mouth. Once again she paused to swirl her tongue around it before finally taking the rest of his cock in her mouth.
Not all of it, just what was extended beyond her hand. It was still a good five inches of his meaty dick, which she took in her mouth with one smooth forward motion of her head.
Needless to say, I was impressed. It had to enter her throat somewhat and caused me to suddenly realize I had Jim's cell phone and should have been taking a video of her.
Unfortunately by the time I did, the best I could manage was just a few seconds of Jim's cock as far as it was in her mouth before she slid her mouth back along the shaft until his cockhead popped out between her lips.
She then looked up at him while still on her knees... "Thank you Jim, and now it's time to feel it in my other hole."
When I finally looked over at Walter and Maureen, he was fucking her like a crazed Billy goat with her on her back. He couldn't have been noisier either, grunting like he was. And from the way he was going at her reminded of how a schoolboy acts when getting his first piece of ass.
From all the times Nancy and I talked about our sex life, not once did I get the impression Walter was a slam, bam, thank you kind of man. Since she surely would have mentioned it, the only thing I could assume from the way he was acting, he's thought about nothing but fucking Maureen ever since meeting her Thursday night. Jerked off who knows how many times thinking about it.
With Walter seemingly on the verge of cumming from the way he was fucking Maureen, Jim and Nancy stood off to one side so as not to interrupt them. And all while Nancy held tightly onto Jim's cock.
As for John, he was sitting in a nearby armchair, and his cock seemed to have responded nicely to watching his wife being fucked as he leisurely stroked it. Of course it wasn't the first time he's watched her with someone else. Just someone other than Jim, and with Walter fucking her as though he couldn't get enough of her sweet pussy.
Suddenly, but not unexpectedly, Walter announced he was going to cum. Followed by Maureen saying she was too before they both did with some pretty loud groans. But knowing Maureen as intimately as I do, it was easy to see from the many times I've brought her to an orgasm, it wasn't the real thing. Just a very realistic acting performance for Walter's benefit.
Soon as Walter orgasm subsided, he seemed to have barely enough energy to remove his quickly shrinking dick before he struggled to sit back on his heels. He seemed all but exhausted and was breathing heavily.
With Maureen being as young and energetic as she is, she could have kept at it for another half hour without missing a beat. She's even exhausted me with how much effort it takes to get her off at times.
But the good news was Nancy didn't seem affected one way or the other by seeing her husband fucking another woman for the first time. Enthralled as she was with Jim's big cock, she had other things on her mind.
As soon as Walter and Maureen were off the mattresses... "It's our turn Jim. And if you don't mind, as much as I love doing it doggie, I'd like to do it in a missionary position so I can get as much of your man-meat in me as possible."
In spite of Jim preferring the doggie position too... "As long as you promise we'll do it with you on your hands and knees the next time?"
"You can count on it." After which Nancy finally released his cock.
Once on her back on the mattresses, and with the same pillow Maureen used under her ass, Jim got on his knees between her widely spread legs. Nancy then bent them at the knees before holding them back against her breasts.
Needless to say, it gave Jim an uninhibited view of her delectable pussy and anus that would have made even the most jaded grown man cry. And just when it seemed he was about to dive face first on her, Nancy all but yelled... "Don't you dare Jim. I want your cock in my pussy, and want it in now!"
At that point I started to video them with a close-up of Jim's cock as it throbbed in anticipation of fucking Nancy. Then of Nancy's pussy, which couldn't have been wetter in anticipation of him fucking her. It was literally oozing pussy juice, which flowed out and down over her perineum and anus.
Jim then leaned down and after supporting himself on his extended arms and hands, Nancy draped her legs over his shoulders. And as stiff as his cock was, he was able to easily guide it with his hips to the entrance of her fuck hole.
As soon as Nancy felt it probing her.... "Put it in slowly Jim. I want to savor every inch of it as you slide it into me."
It's just what he did, but only until his cockhead popped in, after which he paused for a second to see Nancy's reaction to it. With there being none except for a barely audible moan he ever so slowly slid in the rest of his long dong. As he did, Nancy moaned continuously, which got higher in pitch until it bottomed out. Soon as it did... " Oh. My. God, Jim. I've never felt so full, or had a cock so deep inside me. It's hitting places I never knew existed."
After she laughed giddily at the feel of such a big cock in her... "Now fuck me Jim, and go easy at first."
By now both Walter and Maureen had returned from cleaning themselves and stood at a discreet distance to watch. As I continued to video Jim and Nancy, I would occasionally glance at Walter to see his reaction to someone else between his lovely wife's legs.
Thankfully he seemed pleased about it. About the same as when Jim saw me suck John's cock at our very first foursome. Proud as a Peacock. While I couldn't observe Jim as closely as I could Walter, there was no doubt in my mind from the look in his eyes he was acquiring a whole new appreciation for Nancy.
For many men, there's nothing like seeing the pleasure someone else is getting from fucking your wife to make you appreciate them more. And there was no doubt in my mind Walter wouldn't be able to get enough of Nancy the next day. The same way after our very first foursome when Jim literally fucked me in every hole, and every way possible.
I also found myself realizing once again just how much I appreciated Jim. Same as I did when I watched him and Maureen have sex for the first time.
If you put aside Jim's big cock, he's one of the most considerate persons when it comes to sex. If I'm not happy, he's not happy. Maureen has even commented on it more than once.
Not that it hasn't ever been all about Jim, but it's extremely rare. Almost always it's about him pleasing you, and you being satisfied versus him.
Jim was being very cautious with Nancy initially by purposely fucking her slowly with long tantalizing strokes of his fat eight inch dick until he felt she was completely comfortable with it.
As he continued to go easy, Nancy's legs eventually found their way around Jim's waist, which she locked around him by crossing her ankles. Then after wrapping her arms around his neck for more leverage, she ever so slowly started humping him back.
Once Jim felt she was comfortable with his big cock, he began fucking her harder and faster. Much to her pleasure from the obscene noises her cunt began making as pussy juice squished out around his fat cock every time he drove it into her.
Between her noisy pussy and her near continuous grunting as she humped him back, it all but drowned out the tiny bell jingling repeatedly around her neck.
It wasn't much longer before they were both going at each other pretty hard. And between the two of them, it was only a matter of who would cum first.
At that point, Maureen was beside me. After she put an arm around my shoulder and kissed me on the cheek... "Seeing them two fucking each other the way they are has made the night a big success regardless of what else happens."
"I don't think either of them would disagree with you, Maureen. But the night is still young, and something tells me we're all in for a few more surprises."
"That's true, and let's hope they're all pleasant ones." After which she left me to continue videoing them.
And just in time as Nancy after a long elevated groan suddenly announced she was going to cum. No sooner were the words out of her mouth, she let loose with a loud screech as she squeezed her legs around Jim. So tight, it forced him to pause until her orgasm subsided.
Once it did, along with her legs relaxing, Jim immediately began fucking her again and didn't let up until she had a second orgasm, which was just as intense as the first.
Jim has amazing control when it comes to ejaculating. Something he's learned to prolong over the years and now rarely ever cums before I do. But he was now at the point where it was impossible for him to hold off any longer.
After he drove his cock into Nancy one last time, his whole body stiffened before it jerked almost violently along with a loud groan as his first load shot deep into her cunt. It was quickly followed by another, then three or four more before he was totally spent. Surprisingly Nancy orgasmed a third time, which most likely was triggered by Jim's hot cumload filling her vagina.
Soon as he recovered from what seemed to be a mind-blowing ejaculation, as well as a bigger than usual cumload for him, he slowly withdrew his surprisingly still hard dick before leaning down to kiss her.
It was a long and passionate kiss with lots of tongue action on both their parts. When it finally ended, Nancy released her hold on him with both her arms and legs and while laying there splayed out like a snow angel blurted out loudly... "WOW!"
At that point, Jim seemed to be contemplating something. But only briefly before he gave each of Nancy's magnificent breasts a loving kiss and then repositioned himself on his knees between her out-stretched legs.
I knew immediately what he was about to do, and couldn't have been more pleased for Nancy. Unknowing to her, she was in for an experience she wouldn't soon forget.
Once in position between her legs, Jim raised them up and back before he bent down and licked Nancy from her now cum covered asshole up to her swollen clit with a single broad stroke of his tongue.
Nancy couldn't help but gasp when he did. No doubt it was the last thing she ever expected when he raised her legs.
But before it fully dawned on her what Jim was up to, he began tonguing her fuck hole and her gasp turned into a series of whimpers. Hard not to with his tongue darting in and out of her as he lapped up the tangy concoction of their ejaculations mixed together.
After being caught by surprise at first, and with Jim holding her legs, Nancy finally thought to reach down to spread her pussy lips widely apart to give Jim unfettered access to her fuck hole. Jim took full advantage of it as he inserted his tongue even deeper into her cum filled cunt. It also allowed him to rub his nose more firmly against her clit as he lapped and tongued her fuck hole. Much to her delight.
Having been on the receiving end of Jim literally "dining" on your pussy, I knew very well what Nancy was experiencing. Every nerve ending in her body had to be tingling from the tip of her now curled toes to the back of her neck. I was even expecting her to orgasm when she suddenly did. More of a mentally induced orgasm than a physical one. But still intense enough for a fresh surge of her womanly cum to gush out along with more of Jim's semen. It's hard to describe until you experienced someone going down on you after they deposited a cumload in you.
By the time Jim finished literally eating her out, she had at least two more orgasms. Maybe more. As for me, I was dripping like a leaky faucet from videoing them. If I hadn't been, I would have fingered myself to my own orgasm from how aroused I got.
Jim finally leaned back on his heels while Nancy just laid there sexually exhausted, and all but unconscious from it. Any evidence of their respective ejaculations were now long gone. Entirely replaced by Jim's saliva, which left Nancy's swollen and very red pussy glistening with it.
With it being her first time with someone eating her creampie, and as many times as she orgasmed, it would be a while before she was able, or even willing to move.
After handing Jim his cell phone and suggesting he needed to clean his face, I knelt next to Nancy. I then took her hand in mine and lovingly rubbed it until she was once again amongst the living.
By the time she was, Maureen was kneeling next to me and when Nancy realized we both were... "How long was I out?"
"Not long, a few minutes maybe." Then I asked... "How are you feeling?"
"Pretty woozy, but in a delicious way."
At which point Maureen interjected... "It would be a good time then, to take a break."
After Maureen informed the men we were, we made our way to the kitchen. Albeit with Nancy on wobbly legs as we both helped her.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Once in the kitchen, Maureen and I first retrieved the trays of "finger food" we prepared earlier from the refrigerator and shared them with everyone as Nancy rested at the kitchen table. Maureen then was kind enough to get a short satin robe for us to wear. As she was handing them to us... "There's no sense in tempting fate by staring at each other's breasts while having a glass of wine. That's unless you want to."
"You won't get an argument from me Maureen." And she wasn't. It's bad enough how wet I get from just listening to Nancy's "gravelly" voice while having a conversation with her. I couldn't imagine how sopping wet I'd get with her fabulous tits calling to me from across the kitchen table.
"Me either Maureen. As wiped out as I am..." Of which Nancy didn't need to elaborate for obvious reasons.
As soon as we donned the robes and were settled in around the table, Nancy proceeded to apologize to Maureen for the way her husband acted when fucking her. "I don't know what came over him, Maureen. He's not normally like that when we have sex."
"No need to apologize, Nancy. Walter already did when you and Jim were going at each other. He couldn't say he was sorry enough because of how embarrassed he was about it."
"What did you say?"
"I told him it reminded me of John, the first time we had intercourse, which it did. Plus how it did wonders for my ego by how excited he was. He seemed fine after we talked some more, and I'm sure he'll be his normal self the rest of the evening."
"I hope so, and thank you for being so understanding and gracious about it." Nancy then looked at me before asking... "As much as you and I talked about our sex life at home, how come you never mentioned anything about what Jim did after we fucked?"
"The only reason I never did is because I was afraid you might have thought it was weird or something?"
"Weird? Are you kidding me? It was the most incredible thing a man could do after he's fucked you. Made me even forget how good his big cock felt. Does he do it every time after you have intercourse?"
"No, but often enough. And before you ask, yes it feels just as incredible each and every time. Although I can appreciate how it did more so for you with it being your first time."
"You got that right. It's one thing for someone to go down on you, but after they've just cummed in your pussy is something else. I never thought I'd stop orgasming from it. I just hope Walter was taking notes." Then after she looked at Maureen... "Has Jim ever gone down on you after you two had intercourse?"
"No he hasn't, but I've experienced something better."
After Nancy gave her a quizzical look, Maureen explained it in more detail ... "It was either the first or second time Jim and I had intercourse when Lacey surprised me, all of us actually, and went down on my pussy after we did. Like you, I couldn't have enjoyed it more. Maybe even more so since it was by the best pussy-eater there is."
"Now I'm really jealous."
"Don't be. I'm sure she'll be more than happy to accommodate you next time. And as amazing as it was when Jim went down on your cummed filled pussy, it won't compare to when Lacey does."
After Maureen paused for a second... "Now getting back to Walter taking notes. I wouldn't count on it. Not many men are fond of eating, or even tasting their own cum. Even inadvertently like when you kiss them after they cum in your mouth from giving them a blow job. Lacey doesn't know how lucky she is."
"Of course I do. But seeing how much Nancy enjoyed it, made me realize it even more. And while I could be wrong, besides me, you're the only other woman he's ever done it to Nancy."
"I feel honored then. And if you don't mind me asking, was it something you asked him to do, or did he take it upon himself? The reason I ask is to get an idea of how to get Walter to do it."
"He kind of took it upon himself. Like a lot of women, I didn't let him cum in my mouth when I first started giving him blow jobs. Finally one day after he asked if he could, I asked him if he would if he was me. He replied 'good point'. It wasn't long afterwards when he unexpectedly licked my toes clean after he cummed on them like he does at times. Next thing I knew he was licking it off my tits or anywhere else he might deposit a cumload on me."
After I took a sip of wine... "Needless to say, if he was willing to eat his own cum, it didn't leave me with a valid reason not to let him cum in my mouth. Or swallow it afterwards. Other than not liking the taste of it. But how could I complain after he was willing to eat his own semen. I'm still not a fan of it, but have learned to live with it by all but becoming impervious to how it tastes. Same as I do with John, and Maureen has learned to too."
"Unlike you Lacey, I never minded how Walter's cum tastes. It's not the most pleasant thing in the world, but..." Once again she didn't need to elaborate.
"Then all you need to do is ask him if he'd go down on you after you've had intercourse. Or you can try a more subtle approach with a few timely hints if you know what I mean."
"Yes I do."
"Then again, he may just surprise you. Men tend to be very competitive and have this thing about how they don't like to be out done by another man. Especially when it comes to how another man impresses their wife with something they've done. It's the 'anything you can do, I can do better' mindset some men have, and Walter strikes as that kind of person. He'd have to be deaf and blind not to have realized how much you enjoyed it. Since he's not, he might very well try to prove he can do it better than Jim."
"I sure as hell hope so, as it was one of the most incredible experiences I ever had with someone. I don't think I'll ever get over how much I enjoyed it."
Nancy then looked at Maureen and asked... "Did you happen to notice if Walter was paying attention to what Jim was doing? More importantly, my reaction to it?"
"We all were, but Walter was also just as captivated with Lacey's backside bent over as she was while videoing you two. Maybe her ass more so, so he might not have realized how much you enjoyed it."
After Maureen mentioned me videoing them I thought to add... "Even if Walter's mind was elsewhere, when you two watch the video together in the privacy of your own home, he can't help but see how much you enjoyed it. When he does, I can't imagine he won't say something about it and it'll be the perfect opportunity for you to ask if he'd mind doing it. But if he doesn't, you shouldn't hesitate to tell him how much you enjoyed it and how nice it would be if he went down on you like Jim did. And in a way to make him think you want to see if it would feel just as good to get his competitive juices flowing."
After Nancy thought about it... "Thanks for the suggestion Lacey. But even if it doesn't work like we think it will, one way or another, I'll get Walter to do just what Jim did."
"I'm sure you will, Nancy. As I've said before, there's no stopping you once you set your mind to something."
Then after noticing the time on the clock on the wall behind Nancy... "I think it's past time for us to rejoin our husbands. Actually I'm surprised they haven't come looking for us by now. But before we do, what are you interested in doing once we do Nancy? Maureen and I have already indulged in many of our fantasies when it comes to having sex with others, but with it being your first time I thought..."
She never let me finish before she rattled off a number of things. After we strategized again about how to make one or two a reality without offending anyone, we made our way back to the living room.