Gloria leaned back into the couch, a sigh escaping her lips, it had been a very long day at the office and she was glad to be home. She lifted the remote from where it lay next to her and found something on the television. After several minutes she shifted so she was laying out on the couch instead of sitting. Her skirt shifted up to accommodate her legs, the silky black material easily sliding. She sighed though and pushed herself up again then stood and started toward her bedroom, but suddenly stopped.
"Fuck it, I live alone now," her boyfriend had moved out a month ago. She unzipped the zipper on the side and let it fall to the ground, stepping out of it, then leaning and picking it up, folding it and setting it on the coffee table. It was followed by a neatly folded shirt, and then her bra. Her breasts sagged a bit with age, she slid her hands under them, holding them up how they used to stand. She sometimes missed having a pert young body, but nearing forty she had no illusions about herself. She was attractive, but by no means gorgeous. Big brown eyes, that emoted too much. Thick lips though in high school she knew that secretly the jocks had called them her dick sucking lips. She had made sure that they lived up to their reputation too.
Gloria chuckled in memory, as she slipped down onto the couch again, she flicked around on the television again, looking for something more interesting. Nothing she wanted was on. Idly she grabbed her phone from the coffee table and flipped on the chromecast, pulling up her porn app she found something that looked hot and turned it on. She even cranked the volume a bit, as she watched three girls attack some dudes cock with first their mouth's, and then all of the rest of their holes.
She didn't need anything special for herself, one hand tweaked a nipple, while the other dropped into her panties and found her clit. By the time the guy was blasting the three girls with his hot seed, she was shuddering with her own orgasm. Her ex had always hated that she loved to watch porn, said it made her a slut, and not a proper woman. Of course he'd had a huge collection himself, and not just some three on one, or other basic porn. No Mike had been into the kinky shit, not that she was against getting choked, or spanked, or even tied up every once in awhile, but he'd gone far beyond that. She sighed at herself for thinking of him again.
"I could really use some dick," she said as she laid back again, flicking back to tv and soon drifting to sleep with its white noise to lull her.
-
The familiar sound of her phone's alarm broke her dreams the next morning, and she yawned and slid her hand out of her panties. Her stretch felt perfect and she regretted letting it end as she slid her feet down to the ground and stood up. She was already in the shower before she realized it was her day off, and she didn't need to hurry.
So she took her time in the shower, shaving every little bit of hair off of herself, starting her pits, then her legs and ending with the week's worth of crotch growth. She stepped from the shower and dried herself then sat down on the toilet and began to cover her body in lotion. Once every inch of skin below her neck was lotioned she stood and went to the sink, first she plucked her eyebrows, then she washed her face thoroughly. After that was done she put on some special moisturizer for her face.
Gloria then went to her bedroom and stood in front of her full length mirror, inspecting herself. Her belly had a little bit of a paunch to it, but she had never minded it. Her breasts were not as perky as they had once been, but they were a nice shape and size and she squeezed them slightly in her hands, tweaking her nipples lightly. She turned half around so she could get a good look at her ass, besides her full lips it was probably her best quality. It was thick and very shapely. She spanked herself, first on one cheek, then the other. Some might call her ass too big, but she'd never met a man who didn't like grabbing hold of it.
Many of her former partners had thoroughly enjoyed her sizable posterior. It had not been until she was in her late twenties when one of her boyfriends had gotten up the nerve to ask if he could fuck it. She had given in, and had discovered that she really enjoyed having a man fuck her there. Mike had been unwilling, said it was dirty.
"Of course it is," she mumbled to herself, that was half of what made it so hot.
She went over to her bed, and grabbed a toy from her end table, she covered it in lube before she got on all fours, using one hand to slide back to press against her tight little puckered asshole. After several minutes she slid so her face and knees were propping her up, one hand using the toy and the other working her pussy. Soon she was grunting and moaning with release, collapsing onto the bed and letting the blackness take her. She woke only a couple of hours later.
Gloria went to the bathroom, cleaning up from her morning fun and applying a light amount of make up. She then went and got a black pleated skirt that came to just above her knees, feeling slutty, she didn't even bother with panties. She did pull a bra on, and a red blouse that showed off her cleavage. She finished it up with some black flats and a blazer that went with the skirt.
She had grocery shopping to do, so she did that first, returning a few hours later to put it all away before going back out into the world. She stopped for lunch at a little bistro downtown, it was a late lunch, and by the time she was done the sun was already starting to set. She decided to wander around downtown for a bit, checking out a few bistros, always heading in the same general direction.
It was getting late when she realized where she was, she hadn't consciously decided to come here, hell it had been years since she'd been here last. Not since Mike had moved in with her, she'd told herself then that she was done with this place. She sighed and pushed in through the door. Sex toys, dvds, and lingerie were everywhere.
She browsed for a while, looking at things and trying to tell herself she just needed a new toy, maybe something sexy to wear. She eventually gave in though, and approached the counter putting a twenty dollar bill down on it. "I'll, uh, take booth 19," she said to the twenty something working the counter. He gave her a look, and then just smirked and offered the key over.
Before she could take it he spoke, "You-you know what that means?" He asked, she gave him a look and he handed her the key. She turned away and headed to the back of the place, through a door painted black into a hallway that just had doors lining it, tiny little closets. She came to 19 and unlocked it, slipping in and turning the indicator to occupied. She knew the red light outside would be coming on.
Gloria barely had time to put a dirty channel she liked on the tv before two fingers were poking through the hole on her left. She reached out and squeezed them lightly. They retreated and a moment later a semi erect cock slid through the same hole. She pulled the chair over closer, stroking it with one hand as she got herself situated. Soon she was slobbering all over this unknown dick, though she had some idea that it might be that clerk's cock.
He came fast though, too fast in her opinion, soon she was spitting his seed into the little trash can. When she looked back up though two twenties were held out for her, she took them and tucked them into her purse. She wasn't doing this for the money, but it made her feel dirty, so she crumpled the bills and shoved them into her bra.
Several more dicks found their way to her over the next half hour, and she blew each of them until they came and their seed joined the others in the bin. Finally what she really wanted stuck through though, a nice thick cock a good six inches past the holes opening. She tapped on the wall and then the tip of the dick until the guy removed his cock, then she slid a condom through and whispered through the hole. "That thing is gorgeous, put this on and you can have more than just my mouth."
"Uh, alright." Came the response, and a few moments later the cock was back in place, this time wrapped in a jimmy hat. She first attempted to just stand and slide it in her, and that kind of worked, but because she had to do all of the work really it was a pain in the back of her legs. So she adjusted the chair putting it back facing away but right up against the wall then getting on her knees. It took a few tries to get it right but once she figured out the positioning she was able to slip him deep inside of her wet cunt and had a nice fucking.
She bounced her ass right down onto his cock, over and over, all the while her fingers rubbed hard at her clit. The chair bounced with her effort though and she found herself moving away from his dick. "Fuck," she growled in frustration, and dropped to the floor, tapping the wall again. He removed his cock and she could see his eye through the hole.
"Yea?" He asked.
"Look, this isn't working, how about you come around and fuck me proper? I don't care who you are or what you look like, I need that dick in my pussy, maybe in my ass if you're up for it, and this just isn't working."
He was silent for several minutes before he finally said, "Alright." He slipped from his booth and she heard a knock at hers, opening and letting him in. He was a good looking man, it turned out, a bit over six feet with short cropped curly black hair, green eyes, and a slightly bent nose, perhaps having been broken at some point in his life. He also couldn't have been much over 20.
"Well uh, wha-" she put her finger on his lips and just turned around hiking her skirt up and presenting herself to him. He took her meaning and slid his cock out of his pants, it was still hard and still covered and he pushed it inside of her. She grunted as he slid fully into her. Now that there wasn't a wall in the way he filled her to the brim and she was pretty sure still had a bit extra sticking out. He was an enthusiastic young man, and he grabbed her by the hips and started fucking her hard. After several minutes two fingers stuck through the hole again and she reached back to stop him for a moment.
"I'm gonna suck that while you fuck me," she told him, and made him move so that she could lean over the chair and work this new cock that slid through the hole. She groaned and grunted around this new cock as her young buck worked her over.
The young buck leaned toward her ear, and whispered. "How 'bout that ass?" his words sent her over the edge and she sucked hard at the cock in the hole, causing it to give her it's reward as she came around the lovely cock inside of her. She spat the cum into the bin again and glanced back at him.
"Yea, hold on." She found the little bottle of lube in her purse and offered it to him. She stayed in the same position, so that any more cocks that came through she could work. She grabbed the money from the last one and waited as she felt the young man lube up her ass, it was a bit awkward, and she was pretty sure this might be the dudes first time fucking a girl in the ass, it was at least his first time doing the messy part of lubing her up. Eventually he figured it out though and pulled her thick ass cheeks wide, pressing his dick right up against her tight little puckered hole.
Further evidence of this being his first time came as he pushed in like he would a pussy, pressing pass her tight sphincter and then just bottoming himself out, she reached back and grabbed his jeans holding him in place. This time there was no extra sticking out. She was very glad that she was an experienced anal slut. "Go slow," she gasped, and he began to slowly fuck her. He got a good rhythm going though, and began to slowly speed up. She didn't mind though, she was growing accustomed to it, and it was getting her ready for a second orgasm. Of course her fingers on her clit helped with that, and then two fingers stuck through the hole again and she reached out with her free hand, squeezing them. A new cock appeared and she slobbered her way to deep throating it.
It took only a few moments of having a hard cock deep in her throat and another pounding away at her ass before she exploded in climax. She practically spit the cock out as her knees weakened, she felt the young bucks arm slide around her waist holding her aloft as he kept pounding her ass, her orgasm lasting long enough that the dick before her was now waving back and forth with desire to be sucked, she was breathing hard but slid it down her throat once more.
She heard a whisper in her ears, "Can I cum on your tits?" Well, why the fuck not she figured and grunted an affirmative. She felt the cock removed from her ass, heard the sound of the condom being pulled off. She slid her top off and set it on the chair, stroking the dick while she pushed the chair out of the way and knelt down. The young buck stroked only a half dozen times before his seed was spraying out, it hit her chest and her neck and then her face. He came a lot, she was surprised by how much he came.
She slid her mouth back around the cock in the hole, sucking hard and working the tip until she felt the first spurt from him as well. The young buck was getting some paper towels from the dispenser for her, but she pulled back from the dick in the wall and stroked it so that his cum joined the young buck's all over her.
The dick disappeared and she closed her eyes, just basking in the feeling of it all. "You want help cleaning up?" asked her young buck.
"No, but could you grab my phone from my purse and take a few pictures of me?"
He laughed a little as he did as she asked, snapping a good dozen pictures of her, from all angles. "You are fucking soaked lady."
She just smiled, and shooed him out the door. He went, and she cleaned herself up, two more fingers stuck through the hole but she ignored them and they went away. It took several minutes and a lot of paper towels but eventually she was cleaned up, she put her top back on and found that the young buck had left some cash sitting on top of her purse. She had a smirk on her face as she left the place and headed home.