Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pts 6 and 26.
--
I'd been talking to Rachel, the pizza delivery girl, and moaning about not feeling right going out to play games with her and Dan now I was engaged. I think I love Dave, and I'm sure he loves me, but I have a lot of fun sexually with Dan, but I know he doesn't love me. I want to choose love over lust. In passing, I'd mentioned about going to dinner near where she lives with Dave. So, when we arrived for our date, I shouldn't have been totally surprised to see her and Dan sitting there. Dan seemed surprised to see us though.
Dave and I went over to talk to them, and while we were talking, I felt Dan's fingernails on the back of my knee - he knows how much I love that. He slowly moved his hand up my leg, and I shifted my weight a little to move my legs apart to give him better access without being obvious about it. When he got to the top of my stocking, I was showing them the ring Dave had bought me, and then he moved the crotch of my panties aside and stroked my clit. I figured I should stop him now, or I'd end up cumming standing there opposite the man I'm going to marry. I moved away slight, closing my legs, and he took his hand out. I was starting to get turned on though.
"So, is this the one you were telling us about?" Dave said.
I wasn't sure what he was talking about, and then Dan said "Yes, yes she is. Do you want her to show you her tits?"
He was talking about the crazy chick Dan had been fucking, that is, me, and thinking it was Rachel! I was a little pissed off, but Dave sputtered "what?, I was just asking!"
Figuring he was in trouble, he said they were obviously on a date and we'd leave them to it.
We went and sat at one of the bar tables, and I sat diagonally across from Dave, so Dan could see up my dress.
I slowly opened my legs as far as the dress would allow, teasing him. After all, it's not like this was cheating, was it? He wasn't even touching me.
Dave and I chatted about stuff for the wedding, the dress, guest lists and so on, and I could see Dan and Rachel giggling about stuff like kids. He was showing her things on his phone.
While we were waiting for the main course to arrive, I decided to go to the bathroom and freshen up a little.
I'd just closed the door when Rachel burst in behind me. She came up and hugged me, then gave me a big kiss and started unbuttoning my dress. I was trying to fight her off, sort of half heartedly, and saying how we couldn't do this as I was engaged and so on, but she was all over me.
She kept kissing me, and kept undoing buttons until finally my dress was open the whole way. She squeezed my tits together through my bra, then pulled my panties down. I stepped out of them, obligingly, and she ran her tongue over part of my slit and licked my clit, then she kissed my pussy briefly, then got up and ran off with my panties!
Well, I was all confused, and hot and bothered. I took my dress off, and looked at myself in the mirror and squeezed my tits together through my bra. I pinched my nipples, hard enough to hurt, but making them stiff. I watched in the mirror while I ran my fingers over my pussy for a few minutes until I came.
I waited for my heart rate to go down, then managed to go to the bathroom. I tidied myself up and got dressed again.
I went back to our table and sat back down with Dave. I'd managed to scooch my dress up a bit as I did so, so now I could get my legs a bit further apart, and I was hoping Dan would look at me. I wanted to tease him, but I knew he'd end up taking out any horniness with Rachel, rather than me, because I'm with Dave now.
Rachel was sitting next to Dan now, so they could both see up my dress, but they were playing with his damn phone again. I was starting to miss the days when he'd play with me, but now I'm getting married, I think those days are behind me.
When we'd finished dinner, Dave and I left, waving goodbye to Dan and Rachel. Dave brought me back home, but I didn't invite him up. I was pretty confused about everything, and I wanted a good masturbation session with one of my dildos.