A Family Holiday That Was Not What It Seemed.
Eucalyptus Club The Beginning.
Something Unexpected Happens And It Redirects Your Life's Path.
My name is Alan, every year my parents rented a big four story house for two weeks, from an aging Aunt, on the west coast of Scotland in a little sea side town of West Kilbride. Actually it wasn't far from where we live but it was a long standing family tradition that my Aunts and Uncles all came to stay with us for the middle holiday weekend.
My best friend Steve was not with us this year, he was on an impromptu holiday with his parents and his sister Shelia to a club resort, La Mirage in Maspalomas in the Canary Islands. Their parents were, well, swingers and into that sort of thing, sometimes at their house we saw what they got up to with their friends. Once Steve, Shelia and I were paid to join in, they wanted us to pose for photographs for their friends and then with their friends. His parents made money on the side from taking erotic photographs, these photographs paid for this impromptu holiday. Although I was invited I didn't have the money for the air fare. Anyway I don't think my parents would have allowed me to go.
On the Thursday evening all the family arrived in a four car procession, my cousin Stan who was over ten years older than me worked as a driver for a prestige limousine hire company. Stan also stayed over with us when he was working away from home and in our area and we often shared my single bed, one time he wanted me to sleep naked with him and talked me into it. At first I was a bit apprehensive but it was nice, sometimes he would press hard up against me and massage his hands over me. I used to find it quite exhilarating. Sometime when my friend Steve stayed over or I stayed with him we also slept naked together, one night there was an accident in the bed when I was massaging him.
Stan brought some of his friends with him for the weekend, Pete and George, who also worked as drivers and Steffan de Groot, his boss and owner of the limousine hire company, he preferred to be called Steff. He was in his late forties, spoke with a soft foreign accent, looked a bit Asian or something like that, was also a bit camp in his mannerisms, but had a fantastic two seater red open top BMW sports car; with private plates. I couldn't drive yet and had never been in a sports car like that before. The house was going to be overcrowded this weekend but that wasn't unusual, so Stan, Pete, George, Steff and I were allocated the large loft bedroom; you needed a ladder to get into it as it was right up in the eaves. It had two steel frame creaky beds, a big armchair and a table, George who had the build of a bear, claimed the armchair. Stan and Pete claimed the other bed leaving me to share with their boss Steff; they said as I liked his sports car so much.
It didn't take us long to get settled in, as it was a hot sunny day we were all dressed down into shorts when we headed to the local pub for an evening meal, which was quite before we arrived but no longer. Being a student and not having money or a job the guys paid everything and even slipped vodka in my cokes. It didn't take long before I was more outward going; even sang on the karaoke machine with them.
As the night wore on all the guys retired to one table, I listened intently as they talked about their sex life's, Steff turned to me and said ok your turn tell us about the sex life of a college student; which was nonexistent. All I could say was about Steve and his sister Shelia, who was a year and a half older than me at college and about to go to University. At one of their parent's swinger night's where we all got naked together posing on a bed, for money, as their friends watched us and Steve's parents photographed us, then again when their friends joined us in the bed where we were all photographed naked or partially clothed together. Also that I sometimes slept naked with Steve when I had sleepover's, Shelia and her friend Anjou were with us one time too at a naked sleepover in Steve's house. They seemed attentively impressed with what I said. I told them not to say anything to my parents about it.
At closing time, locally referred to as chucking out time, we all headed back to the house through a maze of lanes and disbursed to all our prearranged bedrooms, every bed was now doubled up. Given the state he was in and his size getting George up the ladder was challenging if not dangerous for anyone below. We had the whole attic to ourselves which had its own separate bathroom and toilet in the attic area. George collapsed into the big armchair and instantly fell sound asleep. To my surprise Stan and Pete stripped off without hesitation and squeezed naked together into their small double bed.
Steff also stripped off in front of me without hesitation, I stripped off as he watched me intently and said nice, very nice. As one side of our bed was pressed against a wall I clambered in first, Steff came in behind me and pressed up against me, we had the smaller of the two beds, both of which creaked and groaned noisily as you moved in them. Steff wrapped his arm over me putting his hand on my chest, I could feel him pressing up against my back and legs even as I pulled my knees up he gently followed my movements. I was really enthralled by it, then I felt him slide his hand down and gently touch me. Instantly I became aroused and from what I could feel I think he did too.
I said nothing as he continued to touch me then started to stroke me gently. I really was enjoying it particularly when I felt him start to stroke me between my buttocks too, I never felt anything so tantalizing like that before. Between his stroking movements and me responding to it the bed started to creak and groan loudly. Sort of put an end to it before anything happened, but we remained together until the early morning light wakened us. Being in the attic the room it was very stuffy and hot, Steff was the first to muster, all the rest of the guys were still asleep, George snoring loudly away; and we were worried about the creaking bed. Steff said give me ten minutes and I will run you a bath.
I headed to the bathroom towel in hand and could hear water running into the bath. As I walked in the water stopped running as Steff lowered himself into the soapy water. By hand gestures he invited me into the bath with him, I hesitated but got in with my back to him. He put his arms round me then slowly started to sponge me, it was so erotic I was enjoying every moment, I couldn't contain myself, he must have saw that and brought his hands down and gently started to stroke me, again. Other than Steve and one of his parent's friends at the swinger's night nobody else had ever done that to me before, it wasn't long before I couldn't contain myself anymore with his stroking that I unloaded into the bath. I had never felt so satisfied.
We both dried off and headed back to the bedroom with our towels wrapped around us, they were all still sound asleep and never knew what had happened. Steff suggested as it was still very early, not even five in the morning, we put on our swim pants and go for an early morning run in his car and then a swim in the sea. I went to get my swim shorts Steff said hang on, rummaged through his rucksack and handed me a pair of bright red bikini swim pants and said these are too small for me, you have them. Tried them on a bit tight but they fitted, although we were about the same height Steff was a bigger build than me, he pulled on a matching pair and a white tee shirt and trainers like mine.
We clambered quietly down four flights of creaky stairs, as Steve and I did sometimes, once with Shelia and Anjou all naked daring someone to catch us, then over to his car, lowered the soft top and set off along the coast road in the direction of Turnberry. The road was very quiet so nobody really paid us any attention, I was getting more and more aroused when someone passed us or we overtook someone, sort of daring them to catch us. Before we arrived at Turnberry Steff turned off down to a beach car park and parked up. Steff said lets go for a morning swim, grabbing two towels from the back bench seat, we walked bare footed along the water edge, with the warm morning sun on our backs. Both pulled off our tee shirts, now walking only in our matching bikini swimwear. We rounded a cove that was discreetly surrounded by very long reed grass, Steff said let's sit and watch the sun as I went to sit, I felt Steff reach over and slide my swim pants off; I let him. Then I turned facing him and slipped his off too.
We both sat down on the towel I lay back invitingly as Steff leaned over me, I was now so fully aroused it hurt, he was too. He kneeled over me and gave me what he called mouth resuscitation; I had never experienced that before and lay back letting him show me how. I could feel him sucking and his teeth gently caressing me after a while I could feel things start to broil. It was so intense that I had to arch my back as way of containing it. The excitement became so intense that I lost control and blasted all over his face, I was so embarrassed but he really enjoyed it.
I lay back exhausted as he lay alongside me, then started to caress me with his hands and nibble at my nipples. I was so engrossed I just lay there enjoying it, this had never happened to me before. Steff then rolled me over and said lets finish what we started last night, now arch your back and raise up your knees. I could feel him kneeling between my legs and his hands on my hips, then, I felt him gently stroke me between my buttocks, it was tantalising each time he did it, it aroused me more and more and I was now wanting him to stroke me deeper. I was getting so aroused each time he did it I thought I was going to unload again.
Dog's started to bark in the distance which distracted us as the sound was becoming quickly closer, we stopped and got dressed, walked down to the water and immersed ourselves in a rock pool wetting us as though we had been swimming. We then walked along the water edge with our towels and tee shirts in our hands. A barking dog appeared and ran over to us as its owner came rounded the reed grass into our cove. He said did you enjoy your morning swim, Steff said yes very invigorating.
The other barking dog appeared shortly afterwards, it was one of those large long haired friendly types, very wet and dirty from romping in the sea water and rolling on the sand. It jumped up on me pawing on the tee shirt in my hand to be petted as its owner rounded the next headland. From the way she looked disapprovingly at us, having seen us this early in the morning with only bikini pants on and the way she called her dog back, I think we were going to be todays talking point in the local golf or bowling club or both; whatever.
We pulled on our tee shirts, mines now covered in wet sandy paw prints off my hairy friend, and trainers and clambered into the Beemer, Steff made a point of revving the engine and spinning the wheels as we left the car park. At the main road we turned right heading towards Turnberry rather than left back to West Kilbride. Steff said the locals are always reluctant to complain about any guests at Turnberry so we will put them off their gossiping sent. As we headed along the road, a top of the range BMW was parked half on the roadside verge, seeing us approach in a BMW the driver waived us down for assistance.
Turned out he had a puncture but didn't know how to change a wheel and had left his phone in his hotel room. We both got out wearing only wet swimwear, trainers and tee shirts on. Initially he looked surprised at our attire then seemed to look at me approvingly. Steff stepped up to the challenge, removed the spare wheel, jacked up the car and proceeded to change the wheel, being helpful I tried to return the punctured tyre to its storage well. It was very large and heavy as I struggled he offered to help me touching my wet swimwear with his leg and palm of his hand in the process, but I managed to get it in place. Steff by this time had the wheel changed and was returning the tools to their storage rack. My tee shirt between something off the spare wheel and my wet doggy friend was now badly soiled.
Work done he introduced himself as Eric Von Groober who was having a golfing holiday with some business friends, on impulse went for an early morning drive before today's proceedings began. Seeing the state of my tee shirt said let me get you a replacement, I said no no it was an old one and it would wash up ok. He insisted and said I will get you one out of the golf shop and leave it behind the counter for you. Or better still as a way of saying thank you to both of you why don't you join me for lunch tomorrow, can't do today as I have a client to let beat me at golf. I have an apartment in the lighthouse complex. Steff said ok we are free tomorrow and would like that. Eric replied ok meet me at the golf shop car park tomorrow at twelve and gave Steff his business card, saying phone me when you have a chance, and come as you are I really like your attire. Looked at me and said you can meet my assistant Karl you will like him too.
After Eric left I took off my tee shirt as it was really in a bit of a state, Steff did the same, we then left with only wet swimwear and trainers on as we drove past the Turnberry five start hotel, it was the first time that I had seen it up this close. We then turned left at the main road junction taking us back to West Kilbride. About a mile or so along the road Steff pulled over and stopped, looked down at a large old Victorian house in the valley with scaffolding all around it, said that is going to become an exclusive country club and I have been asked if I would like to invest in it. Now seeing its location I think I will. That was way over my head.
Took us about three quarters of an hour to drive back as the morning traffic had started to build up, we got quite a few enquiring looks this time from other drivers and a bus full of girls as we drove past them topless and almost bottomless, it was actually fun and quite exhilarating if not erotic. The whole morning had been.
When we arrived back they all had had their breakfast and were now getting ready to go into the next town for its annual local fair day; it was a family thing that we went to every year. As it was a very warm sunny day the guys all elected to have a day down at the beach; I said I would join them. The guys drove my extended family to the local fair, in the three limos, Steff and I got washed and changed out of our wet swimwear, my soiled tee shirt was confined to the bin. It was then that Steff said you don't mind meeting with Eric and Karl tomorrow with me, I should have asked you first. I said no great. Steff said ok I will give Eric a call and confirm its ok for tomorrow. After a few more calls Steff said I have also got to go and speak to a potential suppler this afternoon will you be ok on your own with the guys. Although I was disappointed, said OK.
After Steff left I got changed into my swim shorts and a fresh top then went into the bathroom to wash both our wet swimwear which was covered in sand and paw prints and hung them up to dry over the bath. After the rest of the guys returned we all walked down through the lanes in the town to a secluded beach, this was going to be our only boy's only day. Although I had on my swimwear the other guys came as they were in their shorts. We found the cove empty due to the fair, spread out our beach towels and started to relax in the sun. I was not asked what Steff and I were doing this morning, so I didn't say anything.
After being broiled in the sun an impromptu game of something resembling beach volley ball started it slowly drifted into the water, before long they had all stripped off their shorts and played naked, apart from me, with coaxing and many helping hands I stripped off too. It wasn't long before it felt ok and we were frolicking in the sea, during one of these volley ball romps George fell over one of the rocks. It took all of us to help him back up the beach. That called an end to the game, we all returned to soaking up the sun.
After a while to cool off I wandered down alone into the water and out to a small rocky outcrop, out of site of the guys. This was my favourite spot looking down past the mountains of Arran to the Mull of Kintyre, water was like glass with the sun reflecting off it. Stan came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me, saying Hi, leaned down and started stroking me. At first I was horrified but I was now learning to enjoy such things. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Pete and George on the beach making out with each other, somehow it now seemed ok to do it out here. I stood in the water engrossed watching them as I let Stan bring me on until; well you know. As he was leaning over me bringing me on he also started rubbing my buttocks with an erection. Point was I liked that too and by my body movements encourage him to continue.
Suddenly I unloaded almost without warning, Stan then concentrating on his humping, as he called it, another new word and thing I learnt this weekend. It was relaxing standing their enjoying it suddenly Stan unloaded, I watched it splash in the water then slowly sink as Stan recovered holding on to me. He said I have wanted to do that for some time now, it was worth waiting for, did you enjoy it too; I said yes because I did.
We went back up on the beach and lay on the warm sand, I was lying face up now with an erection thinking about what had happened to me today, when George kneeled over my legs and gave me what he called a blow job; another new name this weekend. The excitement was so intense with him that I lost control, again, and blasted all over his face too, I was so embarrassed but he seemed to really enjoy it.
As George was wiping his face Pete came over to me to start to give me his blow job, realising I couldn't again not so soon, said let's try this way. He rolled me over positioning me, and that was to be my first anal experience, initially it was very painful but it eased. When Pete was finished Stan came over and gave me my second experience, not so painful this time. Then George, he was a really big guy but the gentlest I really enjoyed it with him. The other guys were watching and photographing me with their phones, I didn't seem to mind at the time. Each time I was getting more and more hyper as I didn't have any control, I was just there and it was happening to me. Suddenly with all the excitement and stress I had a nose bleed off epic proportions that brought it to a close.
After my nose bleed was contained we called it a day at the beach, got dressed and meandered back up to the house. We met Steff halfway on his way down to meet us, as we walked back up with the other guys trailing some distance behind us and out of earshot, asked me what I thought about having sex? I said I really enjoy it but would like to experience giving not just receiving. He said ok I will see what I can do; I got really excited about that prospect.
When the others had returned we all went back to the pub for our second meal, another impromptu party night ensued, the booze and banter flowed freely, sometime in the early hours we all made it back to the house and went to bed. We were all still bed sharing, I was sharing, by choice this time with Steff. Sometime during the night I felt Steff put his hand over me and start to stroke me, I was grateful and it wasn't long before I unloaded in his hand. The other guys weren't watching and photographing me with their phones this time. Again Steff woke early and said would you like to share a bath with me, I said yes, ten minutes later we were sharing; no accidents in the bath water this time by either of us.
Wasn't long before everyone was up and getting ready for their visit to the big city. Steff and I had opted out, nobody asked why even although we had worked out the perfect excuse. We waited and watched as all three cars fully laden left; they wouldn't be back until late that night.
Steff smiled and said follow me, we found an empty double bed that didn't protest when you moved in it. Steff slowly undressed me as I undressed him, he was going to show me what I should do; I hadn't said anything about what happened yesterday afternoon. Steff started by positioned me with the help of some pillows and said I will ease you first, I didn't know what he meant then I felt him applying scented oil; it was a nice soothing feeling.
He then leaned over me, as I looked into his eyes he started to press against me, saying just relax, initially it was a bit painful, more from yesterday I think, but soon eased as he engaged. I think I was grabbing the bed sheets in anticipation, but didn't need to as I was more relaxed this time. Slowly I started to enjoy it, each time he penetrated he slowed and touched, I felt a wet rush each time, the rush built each time he touched me. Slowly I felt I was about to unload but couldn't make it happen. Suddenly Steff's rhythm became faster and erratic as he built-up, I could feel him unload. It was a warm, wet and soothing experience as it drained, I enjoyed it, my first time with him, I was now so wet and exhausted. We separated and lay there together, Steff interrupted my blank train of thought saying bath time again I think and said ten minutes as he smiled. Steff said you were much more relaxed and receptive than I thought you would be. We will deal with your other ambition later.
We enjoyed our second bath of the day, more a relaxing soak, after we dried each other off went to the bedroom to get dressed to visit Eric and Karl. Steff said I have something for you that I picked up yesterday. He produced Fred Perry white, short cut tennis shorts, with matching top and trainers and white micro bikini swimwear. I just looked in amazement, I could never afford anything like that; my best friend Steve would be jealous next time we played tennis. He then handed me a pair of Gucci sun glasses. Steff pulled out of another bag a similar outfit as mine but not quite so micro I think. Dressed we headed down to his BMW Roadster to head back to Turnberry.
We headed along the coast road again, no rush plenty of time, not as daring this time more relaxed. During the journey he asked me how many different people I have had sex with? I said five, seven if you count the swingers party. How many did you know before you had sex? I said two, Steve and Shelia. He then asked me is it easier and more fun to have sex with strangers? I said yes I think so as it just seems to happen. If the opportunity came up say today or soon with a stranger or someone you only met once in the passing, would you have sex with them if you wanted to or they asked you to? I said probably yes, I like having sex.
Maybe tomorrow you would like to come with me to see someone that I might like to work for me. He is a photographer and talent scout for a modelling agency and is trying to find more backers for his film studio complex. At the moment he works as a lecturer in a local College and University, training photographers and models and has a lot of contacts locally. I said yes I would like to. The Turnberry complex appeared up ahead as he said last question, do you prefer driving through the countryside dressed or undressed like Friday morning? I heisted and said, undressed as it gives you a sexual buzz. As we turned into the Clubhouse car park, said maybe we can do that on the way back tonight. I felt a deep twinge down below but said nothing.
We parked up as Eric walked over to us with a young tall blond guy dressed in white micro shorts like mine, Eric also had something similar on. I was introduced to Karl, as Eric's personal assistant his accent was distinctly German. Eric said leave your car here and we will take a golf buggy back to the lighthouse and invited me to drive. I had never driven one before but said yes ok. Eric and Steff climbed into the back, I drove off very unsure of myself as I had only had a few driving lessons from my father. So far things were going well, then, another buggy cut out in front of us I slammed on the brakes and slew off the gravel road onto the grass. Karl said something that sounded like shite; I said sorry for the rest of the journey I drove slower, a lot slower. Karl gave me directions to their apartment.
On the patio a table set out with our lunch, Eric invited us inside. Looking at me he said let's all dress down like how we first met yesterday. Karl started to undress down to his micro swimwear, I followed his lead, Eric and Steff too. Soon we all stood there with only our white matching bikini swimwear on, although Eric and Steff's weren't so micro as Karl and mines. As we returned to the table a photographer came over introducing himself as Tim Smyth-Jones and said Herr Groober is now ok. Eric said I thought we might have some photographs taken.
The photographer had us pose with golf clubs for group and individual photographs at the table on a private green and in the apartment, he seemed to like having Karl and me pose together. He then asked if I would object to being photographed naked with Karl, after yesterday on the beach I said ok. He had us pose together and separately with golf clubs and then at the apartment bar with drinks, nothing kinky or anything like that. He must have taken about twenty, thirty or more photographs of us together. On finishing he thanked us for our time and said he would have photoshopped copies ready for us by tomorrow.
We all sat at the table with only our swimwear on and had our lunch while taking about golf and general things, Eric asked about the colourful tie band I wore on my wrist. I explained what happened at the swinger's night and ending up having sex with Sheila in front of an audience. The money we got that night paid for music concert tickets we all went to. Shelia bought the wrist ties for both of us to commemorate my first time having sex, we both wear them all the time, sort of good luck thing. Eric then asked me had I ever had sex in a water bed, I said I had never seen a water bed before let alone had sex in one.
He said I always get this apartment as it has a water bed, let me show you it; I said ok. Followed him inside to the master bedroom, Steff and Karl remained at the table. It was impressive and large, he said go on try it out. I climbed onto the bed, almost immediately I fell back into it as it adjusted for my weight. I floundered about he said now try to sit up but I couldn't ended up rolling over onto my face then my back as I tried, eventually I managed it. Stepping out of it was also a challenge, both of us were laughing at my antics.
As I stood at the side of the bed, it was then that I could feel my arousal from the rolling experience gently pushing out the tight pants I was wearing. Standing their I was probably, looking lost as Eric came over and wrapped his arms around my waist, putting his thumbs inside my waist band, slid my swim pants down so I could step out of them. It was done so slowly it was erotic.
He stepped back as I stood their naked now with an erection starting to form then he slid off his swim pants. We both stood there facing each other, I was so aroused by now that I developed a full blown erection, it wasn't long before we both had erections as we faced each other. We stood in silence then Eric said do you want to join me in the water bed, Karl will keeping Steff entertained; I knew what that meant, but wasn't upset about it. Eric by hand gesture and a lustrous induced smile invited me into the water bed.
I climbed back up and unceremoniously flopped back onto the bed, as he joined me and the bed adjusted for both or weights. We rolled together then away as we tried to correct for our antics, eventually we came together as I rolled over face down he positioned himself straddling me. It took a bit of time and effort to get our position and balance correct, well sort off, we did fall over a couple of times actually more than that. I remember thinking the amount of shots he had trying to sink the ball, he must have had a very high handicap or was my evasion and escape techniques up to scratch.
As we engaged together the beds undulation did most of the work, we rode the waves together, up and down, it was a slow and unhurried engagement. It lasted a long time, I don't know how long maybe ten or fifteen minutes, could have been more. Each wave as it rolled under us and us over it was a sublime experience, slowly we both together started to climax in harmony, it was so slow in cumming it was an extended and continuing ecstasy. Then I felt it leave us, almost but not quite together.
Trying to part was an interesting experience as we tried to part the waves continued making us build and try to cum on now empty tanks. Eric abandoned ship as we both rolled apart exhausted. We thought about trying it again but were both so exhausted, compromise was a rest period where Eric shared how he became besotted with Karl when they first met. He then enquired about my sex life to date and who I had sex with before, he was very interested in my swinger's escapade with Steve and Shelia after I had wetted his apatite about it.
I confessed we only did it because we needed money for tickets to a local pop concert. Initially all we did was romp about the bed together as they photographed us, suggestive, erotic nothing more. Then some of the swingers clambered in beside us and sexually brought us all on until we climaxed. Shelia was a bit concerned when one of them wanted sex with her, she settled on a hand job for me but she insisted that I service Shelia if she couldn't, it was about to get out of hand when Shelia said it was ok. That was the first time I had sex but was too exhausted to climax.
Eric rolled over to me, as the bed moved I rolled into him, he started to nibble my chest, ears and nipples like Steff did the day before but it was much more erotic. It wasn't long before I was so aroused it must have been openly inviting. Eric was quick to acknowledged my come-on's and started where he left off but with more athletic enthusiasm, I could hear the water gurgle and wave splash under us. Eric was tiring I wasn't and looking for more we separated again and lay side by side, talking as before but less enthusiastically as I caressed him as he had done to me.
He said one more time, you can do the all the work this time, I asked how. He had me kneel and sit over and on him, not easy when the bed keeps readjusting under you. I seemed to get my balance but still unsure what he wanted, he spread his legs to keep balance and had me sit on his rock hard erection as he positioned it. I was worried that I would fall and break something off. He said start to ride the waves, slowly I did, we had our balance and started to build up speed it was like one of those cowboy films sitting on a horse slowly bouncing up and down. I was enjoying it, I could see and feel I was mini cuming, then Eric started to convulse as he unloaded, it was an incredible feeling as he did but I couldn't stop the waves were driving both of us on. On one slightly leaning rightward move's I sort of dived off, I remember seeing Eric sort off bounce up as I landed along side him.
We both lay there side by side not talking not reminiscing just lying there both breathing deeply. A few minutes later Eric said that was the best horse ride he ever had and I have a stable full of horses. I said that was the first time I did it that way and just panicked. He said good move looked really good, that was a first time that I had climaxed in mid-air like that; thankyou. We both climbed, fell out of bed together rather undignified. We headed to the walk-in shower which started automatically, it was one of those shower wash, massage things; it was great.
We dried under a roof blow down dryer, all you had to do was stand there and you became dry, even had combes and spray things sitting on a shelf. I pulled on my swim pants they felt tighter this time because of the exercision or something. As we were about to leave Eric said here is the shirt I promised you it was a white with blue piping Fred Perry shirt. Eric pulled on his shorts and shirt. We both went out to the buffet table where Steff and Eric were waiting for us, their hair was wet too, we had been away for over an hour and a half Eric said can you two guys entertain yourselves as I want to show Steff something.
After they left Karl asked me did I enjoy myself as he did with Steff, I think he was saying it was ok that I was with his friend as he was with mine. Karl explained that he was from East Germany, after the wall came down his family found they were between two cultures and not really accepted by either. He found himself living in a hostel going from one dead end job to another to make ends meet. Eric was one of the Patrons of the hostel and seemed to take a shine to him. After a couple of visits Eric asked if Karl would like to come and live with him as a house boy, he knew what that meant but it was a way out of his never ending downward spiral.
He went back with Eric to his large luxury apartment in Düsseldorf where Eric owned or had shares in a few clubs. Eric funded tutors for him to catch up with his education and is now at University studding to be a Dentist. He said that is what Steff could be to you that helping hand to a good future all you need to do is be very discreet. Today Eric photographed you and then filmed you in his bedroom, that's his thing but is very discreet about it. If you can live with that discreet lifestyle you, your family and friends have a future enhanced by Eric and I think now Steff also.
At the moment Eric and Steff are looking at a business prospect a few kilometres from here it's, what you would call a private very expensive exclusive, by invitation only, members country club. It's a sex club by another name for the elite and very wealthy, Eric has a number of financier clients or friends as he calls them putting up the money that he brings in for them from their tax free offshore accounts. You looked at it on Friday with Steff, the old Victorian House with all the Scaffolding around it with the big Eucalyptus tree out front.
Steff said you wanted some tuition on giving as well as receiving sex, I said yes, Karl took my hand and said come with me. After an hour or so we showered and got dressed, me with my new Fred Perry white shorts and shirt on before Steff and Eric arrived back. They arrived back together in Steff's sports car, both seemed excited about whatever they had agreed. I was disappointed that I wasn't going to drive the golf buggy back to the club house, probably safer that way.
Steff took me aside and said he had booked us a room for the night in the main hotel and we would have dinner with Eric and Karl tonight, before I asked he said Stan and friends are covering for you. I looked down at my attire, Eric saw me and said that's sorted too. We had dinner and a very adventurous night together. Next morning we headed back early together with only our swim pants and trainers on to see the impending film studio site, another dynamic erotic and stimulating drive.
When we arrived there Tim the photographer was amused but not surprised to see us arrive, me in my micro and Steff in his not so micro swim pants. We toured the empty buildings with Tim giving us a cometary on what he was proposing. Finished we got dressed to go into town to see Tim's photographic studio. Tim said he would like to do a portfolio of me, I was so excited that someone was that interested, I said yes. We started off with the tennis shorts and top, removing one layer at a time until I was in my micro swim pants. As he did this applied makeup to me to enhance the photographs. I felt like a film star as he did all this.
Steff suggested why didn't he audition me for inclusion in the new fashion portfolio, Tim said good idea. I went out to the changing room at the back where Tim's assistant, a University student was waiting to apply makeup and dress me. He was very camp with wandering hands but was fun to work with. I was a bit surprised when I saw what I was to wear, I was to dress as a Ladyboy, I didn't know what they were until explained to me. I was dressed in a short pink flaring one piece dress. After he finished dressing me I must admit I really looked the part. Tim photographed me in various still poses against various backdrops on a screen. We did three more outfits before we had finished. As we left I noticed a photograph poster on the wall of his studio of Shelia naked from the back looking over her shoulder; with her colourful wrist tie on.
By now it was midday and we had to get back, as we arrived all the guys had packed the cars and were ready to leave. We all said our goodbyes, including Steff, before he left handed me a couple of envelopes and a flash drive and said open them in private after we have gone. After they left I went upstairs to the loft room and opened the envelopes as my laptop fired up. One had 200 euros in it from Eric and the other 200 pounds from Steff, a note in each said thank you for an enjoyable weekend and that they would contact me later. I didn't know what to do or say, anyway they had left. I opened the flash drive files they were photographs of us at the apartment and I looked really good, the short video was of me and Eric in the Water bed. Tim had done a fantastic job photoshopping and editing it with discretion.
I went to the same pub with my family that night, not as boisterous this time, sort of an anti-climax. The following day my family were going on an all-day paddle steamer cruise to Campbelltown, I had been several times before and elected to go to the beach alone. The following day I wandered down to the beach where I had my assignations with the guys. I was standing there watching the paddle steamer pass by when Karl came up behind me and said, as you are alone I thought I would visit and see this famous beach; is this it? I said yes and pointed out the various points and places of interest I had told Karl where and how it had all happened.
As we sat on the rocks talking two blond girls with very long toned legs in micro bikinis walked past, one said hi to Karl, must admit he looked stunning in his blond hair, white shorts, top off and well-toned body. Their English wasn't great, recognising their accent Karl spoke to them in German, they asked what we were doing, Karl answered. We were going to go up to that big house to have sex together in the loft, do you want to come and join in with us, they both looked at each other and said Ja, Ja. We headed up to the house and climbed up into the attic room, no sooner had we arrived than they both removed their bra tops then their pants. Both Karl and I undressed too, entheausticly and without ceremony.
Cassi came over to me and we went into the old iron framed bed which protested as we clambered in, Alexa's went with Karl to the other bed which loudly protested too. Cassi took control of our proceedings she was very athletic and dynamic controlling proceedings, I learn more that day than the whole weekend. I could hear Alexa's and Karl's bed protest loudly too and in harmony with ours. Then suddenly Cassi and Alexa's swapped over and I learnt even more that day about how to control and manage the outcome and expectations of proceedings. An hour had passed since the beds first protested our presence. Cassi and Alexa's had had their fun, thanked us as they dressed I noticed both had a tattoo on their leg near their bikini line and asked them what it was. Cassi said that our Kola's climbing up a tree as they left.
Karl and I now dressed sat in the lounge with a coffee when I asked him how he knew they were looking for sex. When we spoke in German I asked them where they were from, they told me they were dancers and hostesses at a club in Düsseldorf, recognised me and wanted to know what I was doing in Scotland. They were on a touring holiday. I told them and then asked if they wanted to have sex with us. I think they knew I worked for Eric who has shares in most of the club scene in the Düsseldorf area; they are sex workers; I wasn't disappointed or surprised. Eric left not long after that and we agreed to keep in contact, before leaving said Eric will be over here about once a month to see how his investment is progressing. Don't be surprised if he contacts you, I knew what that meant and was rather excited about it; if I am honest.
The next two days were quite and I enjoyed my time on the beach, it helped me come to terms with what Tom, Pete and George had done to me; history now. On the way back in the car on the Thursday I received a text from Steff inviting me to join him on Friday overnight as he was up here for an unplanned business meeting on the Saturday afternoon.
I travelled up and met him off the train then we walked over to the Central Station Hotel together, I was dressed in my white Fred Perry slacks, shirt and jacket that Steff had bought me for our Turnberry hotel overnight stay. I followed him in and we checked in together at reception then went to his executive suite. Steff explained to me that the photographs Stan, Pete and George took of me found their way onto the internet and handed me a flash drive of them. After we got to know each other again, had a meal in the hotel and went back to our room for the night and breakfast in bed. This happened every few weeks and I also had similar invitations from Eric to Turnberry, the envelope they gave me each time went into my College fund.
Later when I got home and alone I checked the photographs on the flash drive Steff had given me, they were poor quality, the only recognisable thing of me was the wrist tie that Shelia had given me. I checked YouTube for the video, found it, I was surprised to see over twenty seven thousand views. It didn't bother me what's done is done I suppose I was enthralled that so many people looked at me.
I also met with Karl a few times too both here and Germany but never seen Cassi or Alexa's again, I kept it all very discreet from everybody, it was how we all wanted it. I never told Steve or Shelia about what happened that weekend until after one day with Steve in the showers when something happened between us.
© andy943shorteroticstories
If you want to know what happened after this to Alan, Steve and Sheila you can find out in the Eucalyptus Club followed by the Eucalyptus Club Ladyboy Party.