Continuing a story about an unfaithful wife who tells her husband about her sexual adventures, and is surprised when she discovers that he loves it and wants to hear more. Soon he starts to devise new adventures for her.
For those of you who read my story called 'My Wife and I – The Slut and The Cuckold' I sincerely hope you enjoyed it and are keen for more. I would urge you to read that story before you read this one because it sets the scene and describes my wife in detail. You will recall that my wife, Maggie, who was previously a faithful, lively and happy wife, had started having sexual adventures. Whilst this was surprising enough, what was even more surprising was the fact that I enjoyed hearing her tell me about them. Until now Maggie had not planned anything but had just allowed things to happen naturally. After her latest adventure things were about to change because I had told her that form now on I was going to create adventures for her. Quite what these were to be or how they would turn out I wasn't sure.
I thought quite a lot about what had happened previously and reflected on what could yet happen. So far she had avoided being fucked even though she said she would allow that if the situation arose. She had also only had adventures with one other man, albeit twice, and I had not witnessed any of the things she said had happened and she could just be making it up. It seemed to me that I should challenge her to fulfil one of these three missing adventures, but which one?
She seemed to be comfortable with Paul, for whom she had already stripped naked and had given a blowjob to and I therefore decided that her next adventure should again include Paul but this time she was to let him fuck her. I had a few other ideas for later but was keen to concentrate on this for now.
The following week we prepared to go to the Club again. As Maggie was getting dressed I told that her that she could wear whatever she liked but she was not to wear a bra or knickers. I told her that I had decided that it was about time that Paul fucked her and that, as she seemed to like to takes risks, her next task was that she was to strip naked, and I stressed that that meant completely naked, in our car in the club car park and he was to fuck her there. I thought she might object as this was exceptionally risky. People came and went from the car park regularly on an evening and as everyone in the club knew us and our car there was a high probability that she would be seen. She accepted immediately and I began to realise just how adventurous she was becoming. I planned to hide in the car park and watch her in order to satisfy myself that all she said had happened had actually happened. Maggie dressed in her usual clothing of a large baggy jumper and tight blue jeans. The jumper had a deep cleavage and as usual she wore no bra and no knickers.
We went to the Club and it wasn't long before she and Paul went upstairs to play darts. I stayed in the bar, which was quite full, and after about an hour Maggie came downstairs and told me that nothing could happen upstairs as some young lads were playing snooker so she and Paul just played darts. She did say that the young lads had made one or two suggestive remarks and this was unusual as she had known them for a couple of years and they had not done anything similar before. She thought Paul might have told them something about what had happened previously but she hadn't asked him. I thought this might be an interesting development for the future. I couldn't believe Maggie might actually involve some of these young lads in future adventures but, because of her recent behaviour, I couldn't rule it out.
Maggie did say that she thought Paul was keen to get her alone and that the games room being occupied by others might be the perfect opportunity to get him to go into the car park. She went back upstairs. It is possible to come downstairs and leave the club by the back door without going into the bar but you would have to be very quiet as the creaking steps would generally give away your movements. A short time later I heard someone coming downstairs and trying to do so very quietly. I looked into the passage and saw Maggie and Paul going out of the club's back door which led to the car park. When we arrived at the club earlier I had parked the car in a good vantage point where I could see our car without being seen myself. There weren't many places to view the car park without being seen but I did manage to find a suitable place that I could reach from the bar without being seen from the car. The view wasn't perfect but I had deliberately parked near a lamp and it did provide an adequate view. I waited a couple of minutes and went to my vantage point.
Once I was in position, in a dark and secluded part of the car park, I noticed movement inside the car. Maggie was sitting in the driver's seat and Paul was in the passenger seat. I saw them embrace and start kissing. I couldn't see Paul's hands so I wasn't sure what he was doing. I then saw Maggie's jumper rise and her tits were on display. I briefly saw Paul's hands on her naked tits. Paul's head then went down and it looked like he was kissing her tits. Maggie just seemed to sit back and relax whilst he did this. The next thing that happened was Maggie lifted her arms and Paul pulled her jumper over her head and threw it onto the back seat.
At that point a car came into the car park and its headlights illuminated our car and I saw Maggie and Paul duck down below the level of the window. I saw them adjusting the seats and they went to a horizontal position. In this position I was unable to see anything except occasionally when a head came up or arm moved above the window. I was a little disappointed but waited a while longer until I was rewarded when I saw Maggie's jeans get thrown onto the back seat. Whilst I couldn't see anything I knew that she must now be naked and the next act must be for Paul to fuck her.
I returned to the club and stayed there waiting for Maggie to come and tell me how things had gone. Some time later I heard the sound of someone going back upstairs from the rear of the club. I knew they had finished and couldn't now wait to hear the full story. Maggie didn't know that I had seen what they were doing. At the end of the night Paul went home alone and Maggie and I went home in our car. As soon as we got home I asked her if she had had another adventure. She said she had. I asked her if she had completed her task and she said she had done that as well. I demanded details and this is what she told me.
When they first went upstairs they were both disappointed because others were in the games room, so they could only play darts. The others who were present were 3 youths aged about 18. They were part of the Club snooker team and they usually practice at weekends and play tournaments during the week. There were no tournaments this week and they were going on a boy's night out at Blackpool at the weekend so decided to practice during the week.
She said that they were very complimentary about her figure and especially made comments about the fact that she was not wearing a bra. They even asked her to bend over a few times so they could get a look down her cleavage. She said she obliged a couple of times and they all said she had lovely tits. I asked Maggie to bend down in front of me so I could see what they saw. I was quite surprised when she did so as I could see all the way down the front of her jumper right to the floor. Both her tits were clearly visible including the nipples, as the jumper hung down and away from her body. I told her what I could see and she said she hoped they enjoyed the view. She said that she didn't think they had had much sexual experience, if any, and she was pleased to be able to provide them with their first sexual stimulus.
Nothing further happened with the boys but I had definitely decided that this would be one of the next tasks for her to complete. Maggie then said that she told Paul she needed to be alone with him and suggested that as the games room was occupied that they should go to the car. He suggested driving off somewhere be she told him she might be missed if they left the car park. He agreed and they stayed in the car park and her story was just as I had seen it. I asked her to describe it all in detail and this is what she told me.
Paul was like a dog on heat and as soon as they got into the car he started kissing her. She said he didn't wait but immediately started to fondle her tits, first outside of her clothes but very quickly his hand was inside. She said he pulled her jumper up and over her head and threw it onto the back seat. She told him someone might come into the car park but he said he didn't care. She said the excitement that they may be caught made her cum a couple of times and all Paul was doing was playing with her naked tits. She was becoming hooked on the dangerous side of these adventures.
She then said that Paul put her hand on his erection which she could feel through his trousers. She began to open his fly and he was undoing her jeans at the same time. It was then that a car came into the car park and its headlights were right on them. They ducked down and Paul said to recline the seats so they would be below the level of the windows mainly and wouldn't be seen. They did this and she said he told her to just lay back and enjoy it. Paul then undid her jeans and pulled them down. She said he commented on the fact that she wore no knickers and had obviously come prepared for a fucking. Once her jeans were off and she was completely naked she said she was pleased that she had not only managed the first part of the task I had set her but had done it so easily.
Paul then laid on his back from the back seat to the front and told her to straddle him. She said this wasn't easy but eventually she got on top, lifted herself up and slowly lowered herself onto his cock and impaled herself on it. She explained that this was a very difficult position to get out of and that if anyone now came into car park they would see her sitting upright in the car facing the back and with no clothes on. Again she stressed that this contributed to an incredible orgasm. She began to move up and down on Paul's dick. She said her head was banging on the roof at each upward stroke and she described Paul's cock as being so thick that she had some difficulty fitting it in her cunt. Her naked tits were hanging down and Paul was mauling them throughout and she said that she had orgasm after orgasm because of the eroticism of the situation and the size of Paul's enormously thick cock. She said she slowly lowered her self down onto the monstrous cock and that her pussy lips were gripping it tightly. She raised and lowered herself and Paul raised and lowered himself in unison.
Soon Paul's cock began to twitch inside her and she realised that he was cumming. She then felt an enormous wad of cum shoot into her innermost parts and she said that it seemed to go on forever. She said that she repeatedly came herself. Once the heat of the passion died down they got dressed and then they quietly went back into the club and upstairs as if nothing had happened. Nothing further did happen but as Maggie was about to go downstairs one of the youths said to her that he hoped she enjoyed herself in the car park. She has no idea whether they had followed and watched her, although I didn't see them, whether Paul had told them or whether they just guessed.
The boy asked for a kiss goodnight. Paul had already gone downstairs so she said 'OK' and they kissed. The boy began to massage her tits through her clothes. Maggie didn't stop him. Another of the boys told him it was his turn for a kiss and he began to kiss Maggie. He was bolder and lifted her jumper exposing her tits and moved his head down and began to kiss them. The third boy came from behind, put his arms round Maggie and cupped her tits offering one to the boy who was kissing them. Both boys had a long grope of her naked tits. The third boy then got back in the act by crouching in front of her and unzipping her jeans and slowly pulling them down. He then began to lick her pussy and she opened her legs to let him get his tongue further in. She said that she hoped he didn't find out that it was full of cum and he was probably licking it up.
The boy at the front who was groping her tits then pushed her shoulders down and she was made to get on her knees in front of him. He undid his trousers and told the others to do the same. They lined up and soon all three had their dicks out, rock hard and pointing towards her. She said that she thought, 'to hell with it' and took the middle dick between her lips. She then put a hand on the other two dicks on either side and began to wank them. The one in her mouth began a slow steady rhythym, in and out. At first it didn't go far into her mouth but on each inward stroke it went further and further in until it nearly hit the back of her throat. The dicks in her hands soon began to pulse and quickly one after the other shot jets of cum onto her arms and hands. The one in her mouth then started to throb and the rhythmic strokes became a bit erratic. This one was cumming also. It shot a stream of cum down her throat and she swallowed the lot. At the conclusion of this, which she said didn't take more than a few minutes, she wiped her hands and got dressed.
She told the boys she had to go, thanked them, pulled her jeans up and left the games room. I noticed that she thanked them and not the other way round. I asked how she felt about it and she said that it opened up some interesting possibilities for the future. We seemed to both be thinking along the same lines. After another magnificent fuck I told her that as she had found the last task too easy I would have to think of another but this time it would be a little harder to achieve. She said, playfully, that I wouldn't dare. What a silly thing to say as it was guaranteed to make me do it. I began to think about what I could task her to do next.