This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially.
****
Buffalo Bros
A male only adult character only erotic incest mini story.
Grunting in the locker room was a common occurrence as tired males worked out sore muscles, the gym and pool unforgiving to those that were looking to improve their bodies or even to forget the troubles of the day. It was the best kind of soreness and, to some, the worst kind, though there was always some eye-candy to be had in the males' locker room to soothe any worries, eyes wandering as discreetly as it was possible to be with great, big, hulking bodies primed and pumped after working out.
Sam was one of those, a studly buffalo that was there to meet up with his brother, although they didn't seem to do much talking when they were together. That was alright though as Sam's eyes ran down his brother's body, only a towel tied around his twin water buffalo brother's waist, though his muscular physique held nothing of a gut. He was a beast of a fur, just like Sam, but Hal was ever so slightly taller than him, perhaps simply due to the way he held his body. It was that tiny nuance, one difference that set they grey-furred hides apart, a thin coat of hair covering tough skin, that showed just who was the top in their relationship however. And Hal needed something from his bro even if they had not agreed on it in advance.
Sam was not expecting it - could not have been expecting it. One moment he was making his way back to the locker for his clothes and the next he was being yanked off-balance, eyes wide and heart leaping. His brother's paw grabbed at him and Hal was in the changing room, squashed in with him, before he knew it, a paw over his mouth as Sam's eyes widened. The buffalo who had caught him smirked, kicking the door closed after them, though it would not have mattered all that much if they had been caught in the act for Hal was the sort of bull that took what he wanted regardless of anyone else's opinion on that matter.
Sam sucked in a breath, nostrils puckering lightly, but Hal's paw was there, covering his lips. There was nothing gentle about that touch, eyes dancing even as they warned him.
"Quiet..."
Shivering, that was a tall order for Sam as his brother's paw travelled down the length of his body, even though there was not very much room at all for it to work. That was okay though, Hal knowing well enough just how to give his brother the working over he so desperately needed, eyes roaming during their workout, fur still damp from the shower. But neither of them cared about such things as their towels hit the floor, moans swallowed up in a kiss, tongues tangling if only to mute their enjoyment of one another.
Quietly, quietly... Oh, it was so risky, so very risky, but they just couldn't resist, hearts pounding, Hal's paw curling around Sam's horn, tightening and gripping in such an open yet subtle display of dominance that it was all that Sam could do not to swoon. Their cocks ground together and it was all Sam could do not to bellow, their kiss keeping them quiet, although Hal was not usually so prone to such displays of lust. Two hard lengths of buffalo-meat craved their attention, however, and there was only one thing for them in the tight confines of the changing rooms, unable to even turn around to present a needy hole or escape one another, pleasure taking in lewd frotting in the moment.
Hal took control, however, controlling the situation and so very easily dominating Sam - it was as if he did it every day! In fact, they usually ended up fucking every time they met up, their lust insatiable even in the grind and hump of two cocks so very wantonly pressed up together. Sam tried to moan but Hal shoved his head back to the door with a thump, pinning in there easily but not because Sam was weak. No, the bull only wanted to submit, knowing his place, and it was only the lack of space and the pleasure of Hal's paw shoving their cocks together that kept him where he was and not on his knees, where he belonged.
It was hard not to moan but not impossible, pleasure rising, flirting with the temptation of groaning, of grunting, of giving away what they were doing to everyone else in the locker room. The changing rooms had never been designed for such activities and they were surely being missed out there but there was no stopping once they'd begun, Hall smirking into his brother's mother as his hips worked and thrust, his paw solely there to hold their shafts together for there was no way he could have gotten his fingers all the way around his cock, let alone Sam's too.
Ecstasy throbbed and it was Sal that tipped over the edge first, the flesh of his cock throbbing with raw need, head spinning, needing it all. It was shameful, in a way, to not last all that long but he could not help himself, not with his brother's hotly muscled body pressed up to him, teasing him, lusting for him, glutes squeezing and tensing with each and every lustful spurt of cum painting his twin bro's stomach. Hal snorted heavily, breaking the kiss only to shove his muzzle into the crook of Sam's neck, breath coming hard and fast as his paw worked.
Spending his load came easily to him but painting his brother's cock with his cum, well...that was a pleasure that Hal took whenever opportunity knocked. Shivering like the submissive buffalo he was (more of a cow than a bull, to be fair), Sam let it all happen, ropes of thickly virile seed dripping from his cock, although it was not his cum but his brother's, which made it all even hotter in the moment. It was better to be marked like that, he thought dimly, even if his own cum had already been painted over Hal's abdomen. He supposed he'd pay for that later, ropey tail flicking at the thought. His arse hadn't been used in a long time.
Putting his lips close to his brother's ear, Hal huffed, warm breath tickling Sam's face.
"Let's get somewhere."
Where that was didn't matter but Sam knew the evening session would end with a cock rammed up under his tail.
And he didn't mind the thought of that one bit.