I met Tom while working at a cafe. He was kind of cute and kind of quiet, and always had a laptop open while he drank his coffee, typing rapidly. He would always smile at me if I brought him anything, and I after a while I noticed that he would take a break from his work, every now and then, to watch me as I took orders and prepared drinks for other customers.
One day, after my shift, I took the risk of asking him what he was working on. He was a little taken aback, and I could tell he was a little afraid to tell me.
"Well," he said. "I write erotica for the internet as a side gig. I make a little bit of money, and I'm trying to expand it into other avenues. I have an audio script I really like, but my girlfriend won't act it out, and it seems weird to ask another girl to do it, even on a professional basis. You know?"
"I don't think it would be weird," I said. "Especially if it was, like you said, just professional."
I sat down at the table across from him.
"What would the girl need to do?"
"Well," he said, slowly, looking between me and his computer screen. "It's a solo piece, so really just dialogue and...sound effects."
"What kind of sound effects?"
"Well, the girl gives a guy a blowjob, so..."
"Like sucking, moaning, gagging? Those kind?"
I looked straight at him as I said this, trying to keep my eyes wide and innocent. I was someone he could trust. Just a cute, blonde barista wearing short shorts and a flannel top, trying to beat the summer heat.
"Yeah, nothing you'd need, well, the real thing for. Anyone could do it just with a, toy, or something."
"So since you're looking for a business partner, would you pay her? Whoever you got to make noise for you over a mic, I mean."
"Well, yeah, I guess. I hadn't really thought about it, but she would get a certain amount of what the story made. It wouldn't be much, but, if we recorded enough for a collection it might be profitable."
Tom blushed when he realized he had said "we."
"You know, I think erotica is really cool. Especially a boy being into it. They usually just watch porn. If you could get your girlfriend's okay, I'd be willing to act out your script."
Tom swallowed, hard, then took a sip of his coffee. At last he said, "I think she'd be okay with it, but we'd probably have to use your place. My apartment is near the highway. Kind of loud."
I smiled, said, "Okay," and wrote down my address on a piece of paper. We made plans to meet that weekend at 7pm. I walked out of the cafe with a spring in my step, my hips swaying, and if I had to guess, I would say Tom watched me go.

....

Saturday night, 6:30pm. I was standing alone in front of my mirror, totally naked. I had showered and shaved, but my hair was still a little damp. I put on mascara and dark purple lipstick. The lipstick would look good in the shadows of the apartment, and it would match the dildo I was going to suck on for Tom.
I had a number of sexy bras, various colors, some with lace, but I decided against any of them. That way when I took my top off (because I "Didn't want to get messy while acting" of course) I could surprise him with my breasts. I used to be scared to show off my tits--they weren't the biggest, after all--but I had never slept with a man who didn't like a girl who was eager to be exposed.
I slipped on a tight, red tank top, then a black thong. Over that I pulled on a pair of tight black jean shorts.
The real question, though, was pigtails or a ponytail? I couldn't have my hair flopping around messily while I worked. In the end, I decided on pigtails, hoping the innocent, girly look would contrast well with the reality of what I would do for him.
Not long after I finished putting my look together, I heard a knock on my apartment door.
I went to let Tom in. He didn't look at me right away but kept his gaze directed down the hall, as if he expected someone to catch him at any moment. Even when he came into the apartment he only said, "hi" and brushed past me.
He started setting up his microphone on top of the desk I kept in the corner of the room. It was facing out from the corner, toward the door, and I already had the dildo I wanted to use suctioned to its surface (purple, 8").
He laid out a sheet of paper between the dildo and the microphone.
"Here," he said. "I printed it with a large font so you could see while you worked."
"Thanks," I said. Then I brushed past him, making my way to the desk.
"It's alright," he said. "The mic's on, so just say the lines when you're ready."
He was still pretending like this was purely professional.
I turned on a lamp so that I could see the script. I could hardly believe it when I started to read: it was about a girl giving a married man a blowjob, trying to steal him away, competing with a woman who was, in all likelihood, at home, with children or with hobbies, wondering when the man she loved would return.
The first lines read:
Say, "Oh, you're here a little early tonight. What, was she being too loud again? Did she invite her friends over without warning you?"
[laugh]
I got to the laughter and he stopped me.
"Can you try and sound a little more, I don't know, sultry?"
I looked from him to the mic.
"Don't worry about anything we say to each other," he said. "I can edit it out."
"Okay," I said. "Well, it would probably help me sound a bit...hornier...if I played with myself a little while I read it."
I didn't have to pretend to blush. As much as I wanted him, he was a stranger, and I had just suggested masturbating in front of him.
"Yeah," he said. "If you need to do that to get in the right head space, that's fine."
"Okay," I said. Then I got up from the desk chair and pulled down my shorts. I wanted to make sure he saw the thong. I sat back down and pulled the thong aside so I could rub my clit. I was already a bit wet just from the anticipation of having him come over.
I read the lines again.
"Yeah, that's better," he said.
Say: "You want that again?" [laugh] "You're such a pervert. No wonder you're wife can't keep up with you."
[start sucking, softly, at first]
I kept petting myself while I put the dildo in my mouth. I didn't know how soft a sound the mic would pick up, so I went a bit louder than I would for a real blowjob. Still, I wanted there to be room to grow, so I only used the first three inches of the dildo.
[moan, loudly, then pull the dildo out of your mouth, making a suction noise]
Say: "Maybe your wife just isn't into men. Maybe one of her friends is sucking on that cunt you want so badly."
I gave the dildo a handjob while I said this line. I didn't need to, but it helped me stay "in character." That, and I could see Tom following the motion of my wrist with his eyes. It also gave me time to prepare for the next bit.
Say: "That makes you angry, doesn't it? Don't you just want to go home and--"
[Cut the line off by deepthroating the dildo. Make sure you're loud here. Moan.]
I stuck my tongue out and opened up my throat. His script wasn't very realistic: I hadn't warmed up enough for a real deepthroat, but I tried anyway. I moaned as I bobbed my head up and down. Saliva started to slide down the shaft, and my nose was beginning to run. I braced myself to go deeper, making it about six inches down the shaft. I held the position and looked at Tom, making a gargling noise in the back of my throat.
He was rubbing the side of his face and staring at me. He was wearing jeans and a thin, tight hoodie. I realized for the first time that he looked like someone who could be an assistant on a film set.
I started to pull up from the deepthroat--slowly, since I didn't want to choke in front of him--when I heard him say, "That's not quite right."
I felt a hand clamp down on the back of my head. I looked up. He was reaching across the desk to hold me down.
With his other hand, he gathered up my pigtails. He laced them around the back of my head tightly, like a doorknocker, so that he could pull me up and down.
He started forcing my head up and down the dildo quickly. The noises weren't fake anymore: I moaned and choked. I coughed up spit and my nose started to run.
He pulled me all the way down to the base of the dildo. My desk chair nearly rolled out from under me, and I had to pull my hand away from my clit to balance myself against the desk. My ass had slid to the very edge of the seat.
I looked up at him.
My eyes weren't wide as part of an act this time: I was a little bit scared. I couldn't breathe with the dildo in my throat, and I could feel the plastic butting against my back teeth. By now, that odd silicone taste had filled my mouth.
I blinked. He rattled my head, just a little, and I coughed out a large glob of spit. He pulled me up, then let my pigtails fall free.
I was breathing very heavily, and I wiped my lips, then my eyes.
"I thought we were keeping this professional," I said.
"We are. I just needed to direct you a little."
I felt my breathing steady. He wasn't crazy. He wasn't going to make me pass out at my desk or anything like that. He just wanted results. I looked down at the mess on top of my desk.
"I should probably take my top off if you want things to be that intense," I said. "I don't want to make my clothes messy."
"Go ahead, then say the next line."
I pulled my shirt off. He didn't even disguise the fact that he was staring at my tits. I guess that was just "professional" too.
The script was a little bit stained from the last scene. I pulled my chair back up to the desk and got settled in. My vagina was soaked by now. I reached down and pulled the thong aside again.
Say: "I bet your wife doesn't do that for you."
"No," Tom said. "You need to breathing a bit heavier. You took to long after deepthroating. Do the last bit again."
I blinked. I slowly put the dildo back in my mouth.
"No, you need to breathing heavily when you're done."
I felt his head on the back of my head again. This time he only made me deepthroat until I coughed once, then he pulled me free.
"Quick, say the line."
"I bet your wife won't do that for you."
"Good, now the next."
I looked back at the script.
Say: "You want me upside down? On the bed? I bet that's something else she won't do."
I didn't say the line. I pulled my hand away from my crotch and watched as a line of white fluid stretched away.
"What's wrong?" Tom asked.
"I just think it's going to be hard to act out being upside down at a desk," I said.
Tom looked at me and scratched his chin. He looked as if he was thinking something over.
"Just say the line."
"You want me upside down? On the bed? I bet that's something else she won't do."
He came over to the desk and unplugged the microphone.
"Will you bring the dildo with you?"
I pulled the dildo up and came out from behind the desk. I was completely naked except for the thong, which my labia had swelled out around. He turned around and I followed him through the apartment.
"Which one of these is your bedroom?"
"The one on the left."
He opened the door. He found an outlet near the bed and started setting up his mic near the floor.
"Lay down on the bed, upside down. Use the dildo."
I did as I was told. Watching this quiet, polite boy turn into a low-key dom was a turn on.
Once I was on the bed, with my head hanging over the edge, I started to throat fuck myself. I petted myself more and rubbed my legs together, getting my knees up in the air and twisting back and forth.
I was very excited, but it was still hard to act this bit properly. I just couldn't bring myself to be as aggressive with the toy as a real, sexually frustrated man would be with his cock.
I pulled it out of my mouth, and a strand of saliva fell against my forehead. I looked up at Tom. He loomed over me, not more than two feet from the side of the bed.
"I think you might need to help me," I said, holding the dildo out to him.
He reached for the toy, but hesitated when he saw how slimy it was.
"Just set that down," he said, then he started to unbutton his pants.
He pulled his pants and underwear down in one motion. His cock was already hard from watching me act out his script. It bounced up and down in the air. It was a nice long cock, but it was a bit thin. The head was larger than it should have been and colored an angry red.
"Won't your girlfriend be ang--"
His cock slid into my mouth.
"This is still just business," he said. "If the stories sell well, I'll buy her something pretty with the money."
He started slowly sliding in and out of my throat. He varied his pace so that each time he thrust deep it came as a surprise. I could tell how much he savored the feeling of my throat closing in around him. I moaned each time my air passage was shut off, and I started exploring his cock with my tongue.
He clamped a hand around my right best. His thrusts became firmer, steadier.
"My girlfriend likes to go to work parties with jewelry I bought her. Sometimes she sends me selfies, sometimes she makes me go along. Whenever I'm there, I always catch the men staring at her."
I tried to say "Aww" as if I was sorry for him, but it came out as one long moan. He pushed his cock as far as it would go, and his balls rested on my forehead. I tried to breathe and accidentally snorted snot out of my nose instead.
He fondled my other breast and held his cock in place until I thought I would pass out. I started moaning, started reaching up to slap his thigh.
Finally he let me have air. My chest heaved and my eyes watered. My vision was so blurred I couldn't see anything but his cock hanging right above me.
He put it back in my mouth. He took it easy, only pushing half of it in.
Tom reached down and pulled my hand away from my pussy. I gasped, and he pushed his cock further in.
He pulled on the front of my thong. The back of the thong wedged itself between my ass cheeks, then the front snapped. He rubbed my clit while he throatfucked me, in earnest this time. The mattress shook as I bounced against it, and I could feel my tits moving with each thrust.
I reached up and started to fondle my breast with my right hand, rubbing the nails of my left up and down the inside of his thigh. Drool fell down my face and caught in my nose, in my hair.
I tasted his pre cum as I blinked back tears. He was really good with his fingers, and I didn't know which of us would finish first. He went as deep as he could with every thrust. I was screaming around his cock, dying for my orgasm.
Tom pushed all the way down into my throat, wiggling his hips to try and go further. I tried to open my throat for him while he pet me. This was it. He was going to gush down my throat.
Then he pulled out and took his hand away from me.
Before I could understand what was happening, he was grabbing me by the leg, turning me around so that my head was on the bed, my vagina facing him, then he grabbed me by the hips and turned me over.
"Wait, shouldn't we--"
He pressed my spit soaked face against my bed sheets, then he reached deep into my mouth with his fingers, as if he wanted his fingerprints on my throat.
"You're cunt's too good to use a condom on," he said.
He pulled the dangling string of my thong away and spread my legs.
Three thrusts was all it took, three thrusts of his warm, real cock against my insides. With each thrust he slapped his flesh loudly against mine; with each thrust he shook the bed. If he had energy for a fourth, I would have came with him, but I felt his cum flowing inside of me all too soon. I felt him wilt inside me while I was still breathing heavily.
I reached down to try and finish while he rested inside me, but he quickly pulled his cock away.
"What?" I asked.
"I need to go. My girlfriend has dinner ready."
He was already pulling his pants up, gathering the cords of the microphone.
He pulled out a pen and a notebook, scribbled something down, tore the page, and left it on my dresser.
"That's my number. Text me if you want to work together again."
And he left.
I laid on the bed for a moment, fetal, unsure what to do, then I got up.
I went and found my phone and positioned the dildo on the floor. I turned on my camera and pointed it at myself. My mascara was running, and my face was totally ruined, thick with saliva and tears. There was a streak from my lower lip to my chin from the purple lipstick.
I slid the dildo into my pussy and pressed play on the phone. I rubbed my clit with my free hand and bounced up and down on the dildo, watching my tits sway with the motion. It felt too good; I closed my eyes but let my mouth hang open.
When I came, all the strength went out of my legs. I slid down to the base of the dildo. My eyes widened, then I shut them again and hung my head. I sat like that for a little while, on my knees with my head bowed, eight inch dildo fully inserted. Then I stopped the video on my phone.
Even with the time spent motionless at the end, the video was only forty seconds. If he had lasted a little bit longer, we could have came together.
I watched the video twice through, still with the dildo deep inside me.
Finally, I got up and went to the dresser. I entered his number into my phone.
I knew I shouldn't do it: it was needier than anything I had ever done, but I had been on edge all evening. And, God, coming alone, in his aftermath, was better than most men could give if they stayed with me.
I sent him the video. After that a message that read: Better get to work on your next script ;)
Then I went and gave myself a hot shower, a much deserved rest after a grueling, professional, evening.