Suzy and Joe were a professional couple in their early thirties who had been happily married for seven years. Joe was six foot, had sharp, chiselled features and an athletic, slim body; the body of a man who does a lot of cycling. He looked after himself and it showed.
Suzy was short with a pretty, round-featured face, jet black hair and milky white skin. She loved the contrast between the darkness of her hair and the lightness of her skin; it made her skin seem even whiter than it actually was. The effect was stunning; almost beautiful. Which is why she always maintained a little mound of jet black hair on her pubis. A perfectly manicured little arrow-head pointing to her most private area.
Suzy' body was also slim, she used Pilates to keep herself in shape, but she had curves; full, perky boobs and a perfectly round ass. She loved her curves and always made sure she dressed to make the most if them; always classy but always sexy.
They were lying naked in bed trying to get some inspiration. They wanted to try something different tonight; something new and exciting. They had always had a full and varied sex life and often watched videos online to get new ideas.
Joe was gently caressing Suzy's tits as she lay with her back towards him, positioned between his legs. Suzy was trying to find something to inspire them on YouTube when she stumbled across a compilation of sexy pizza delivery videos. They both enjoyed watching girls of all ages, shapes and sizes flashing pizza delivery boys; in some cases just answering the door completely naked. They both enjoyed the more real, amateur videos rather than the ones with actors.
They were beginning to get inspired. The thought of Suzy exposing herself to a complete stranger in their house was getting both of them tingling with excitement when they started watching a video in which a couple played a game called "Tips or Tits?" with the delivery guy. The couple in the video answer the door when the pizza arrived. He was fully dressed and filming and she wore a see-through neglige covering lacy black bra and panties. The old pizza guy could not take his eyes off the girl as he handed over the food. The woman paid him and then asked, "So you have a choice. I can give you a tip or I can show you my tits." The guy was still staring at her; barely comprehending what she was saying. "So do you what a tip or tits?"
"C'mon man, you wanna see those titties don't ya?" The husband encouraged.
After a few more moments just staring the delivery guy stuttered his agreement. The girl pulled her neglige and bra down to expose her very large, fake tits. The delivery guys eyes were almost popping out of his head.
Over the next couple of minutes the girl posed for him, allowed him to take selfies with her and even allowed him to feel her tits; which he did very tentatively. Then they sent the old guy on his way; no doubt with a raging hard on.
"You should do that."
"Really? You think? But what if they guy just wants a tip," Suzy laughed a little nervously. The thought of doing this was beginning to drive her wild; she was getting very damp.
"Are you for real? Have you seen yourself? No straight man is going to choose a tip when he has a chance of seeing and even touching your amazing boobs. I mean, your's are way sexier that the girl's in that video; and your's are real."
"It would be fun. Do you think we should?" She didn't really need to ask. She could feel Joe's fully hard cock pressing into her back.
"Definitely. I am horny as hell now just thinking about it. I can't even imagine how I will feel once you have done it. How do you feel about it?"
She turned and looked up at him and whispered one word, "Wet."
"Oh, fucking hell. I don't know if I can wait."
Suzy got up off the bed and turned to him. "Well you will just have to big boy. The next person to lay their hands on this," she pointed her hands at her body, "will be the pizza delivery guy." Joe thought his cock would explode right then, but he, only just, managed to control himself. "Now, what shall I wear?" Suzy began flicking through her extensive wardrobe.
After a deciding that several outfits were too conservative for this adventure she eventually picked out a tight, black mini skirt and an even tighter black top that covered her boobs and nothing else. It was not an outfit she would wear usually, the top was reserved for beachwear and the skirt always was worn with opaque black pantyhose. "How about this."
"He is going to cum in his pants." Joe felt like he would do the same; if he was wearing any pants. "I'll order the pizza." He grabbed his phone.
Once ordered, he saw Suzy looking through her underwear drawer. "I don't think you should wear any," Joe suggested. "I think your bag should be on the floor in the hall and you should bend down to get the money out; give him a real show."
"Oh, okay then. You really were inspired by those videos weren't you?"
"I am just so fucking horny."
Suzy came over, now "fully" dressed and gently kissed Joe, "So am I."
Joe frowned. "But you are shaking." He suddenly got scared that he was pushing Suzy into something she didn't really want to do. "You don't have to do this you know."
"Don't look so concerned," she smiled. "I want to do this and then I want to spend the rest of the night blowing your mind...and anything else you need blowing," she gave him a quick, naughty wink. "I am just really nervous."
"I bet. It will probably make you more sensitive when he touches your boobs." Joe was almost unbearably turned on.
"I'll tell you what. I am so horny right now that I may even orgasm when he touches me. How does that make you feel? Another man making me cum."
"In my current state it just makes me hotter. If you do climax just make it loud."
"You really are naughty." They both giggled.
A few minutes later the doorbell chimed. "Oh my God, it's time." Suzy had stopped shaking but was still very nervous. "Are you coming too?" She asked as she got up.
"No. I just want to hear it. I want you to describe it all to me as I fuck your brains out."
Suzy just smiled and blew Joe a little kiss. "Wish me luck." She skipped off to the front door, closing the doorway to the hall behind her.
Suzy felt nervous but extremely excited and alive as she answered the door. Waiting there was a young guy, he must have been about twenty, who looked good in a geeky sort of way. As soon as the door opened his mouth fell open and his eyes shot straight to Suzy's ample tits. She was so excited that the nipples were almost popping through the fabric.
She felt so empowered and so sexy to be able to have such power over this stranger. "Is that for me?" she purred in her sexiest voice.
The guy was pulled out of his stupor, "Eh? What? Oh, yes. Here you go." He handed over the pizza and resumed staring at the boobs.
"Oh, thank you." She said as she gently squeezed his arm in thanks. She thought a little initial contact would heighten his senses; she was right. She could already sense that something was stirring in his pants. "Let me get the money for you."
With that she turned round and bent over to put the pizza on the floor and to get money out of her purse. As she bent over her tiny skirt ride up over her ass, exposing her milky white cheeks to the stranger. And with her legs slightly apart she also gave him a front seat view of her anus and her, now very wet, pussy.
She heard him mutter, "Fucking hell!" under his breath. Suzy made sure that she took her time finding the money. She had never exposed herself to another man since she had met Joe and so this was new and naughty and so very sexy. Her whole body was tingling, she needed to be touched.
When she stood up she noticed that delivery boy was now fully erect. She suddenly felt emboldened. She looked down at his bulge and said, " I see you enjoyed the view, you naughty boy."
The boy initially stuttered but them quickly regained his cool. "You hardly made it difficult did you? You obviously wanted me to see."
"Oh, that's what you think is it?" She smiled at him.
"That's what I know."
Suzy was quite impressed with this boy's confidence. It turned her on a little more. "Well Mr Confident. How about we step it up a notch?"
"What do you have in mind?" He was sounding increasingly cocksure now.
"Tips or tits?"
"Go on."
"Well, you can have a very generous tip," she was holding a twenty in her right hand, "or I will take my tits out."
"Look lady, I don't have much money and you have already shown me you ass and your pussy. That top doesn't leave anything to the imagination either. So I am not giving up a twenty just for a quick glimpse of your tits."
What was this boy doing? Suzy was getting concerned that their idea was not going to work; that he was going to choose tips. Enough had already happened to ensure a fun-filled night but it would not feel the same if the boy did not choose tits.
What the boy had actually done is manoeuvre the situation into a position whereby Suzy now felt a strong urge to please him. At that moment and being as turned on as she was she would have readily given herself to him if he had told her to. She knew she needed to gain some control back as that was not part of the deal.
She tried to sound as confident as this boy did, "Silly boy. You won't just get a glimpse. As long as you don't hurt me you can do want you want with them for five minutes."
"Really? Are you sure?"
Without waiting for her answer Suzy pulled her top off over her head, revealing her beautiful boobs. She did not say another word. She just stood there and waited.
"Fuck me, you have amazing tits lady." Then without a moments pause he cupped both boobs in his hands. This sent shockwaves throughout Suzy's body. She let out a loud moan.
Behind the hallway door Joe was really struggling to keep his hands off his junk as he heard his wife's first ecstatic moan. He could only imagine the scene on the other side of the door. He had never been more turned on. His extreme sexual arousal was only heightened by the slight twinge of jealousy at the thought of Suzy letting another man lay his hands on her.
Back in the hall, the boy was now squeezing Suzy's tits and pinching her nipples, making her squeal with pain and pleasure. She really needed to cum. She just wanted to push his head down between her legs.
The boy just kept looking Suzy in the face as he expertly worked her boobs. He knew she was getting almost uncontrollably worked up. He began to lower his head.
"Oh God. What am I going to do now?" Suzy thought as the boys head lowered. She knew she should stop him but her desire to cum was overwhelming so she just stood there.
With an equal mixture of relief and disappointed frustration she saw that the boys head stopped at her right boob. He began sucking and kissing and nibbling her nipples. He sent her into sexual overdrive. She just started moaning, "Oh God, oh God, oh God," loudly and repeatedly.
On the other side of the door the sound of his wife's moaning and was too much for Joe. He just had to touch himself. He began masturbating and within twenty seconds had blown his load with an almighty orgasm. He was not too worried though, he was so turned on he knew he would be ready for action in a minute or two.
In the hall the boy still had a mouthful of perky tit. Suzy was still moaning loudly. Every touch was sending electric shocks right through her body to her very very wet and engorged pussy. She absolutely could not wait any longer. She lowered her right hand to her womanhood, pulled herself apart a little with her slim fingers and found her clitoris.
She began to flick her clitoris vigorously as the stranger expertly kissed and sucked and squeezed and nibbled her tits. In less than thirty seconds she felt her orgasm build. "OH GOD, YES, YES, YES...."
she screamed as the explosions seared through her body. Her world was being rocked by this slightly geeky over-confident pizza delivery boy.
Suzy continued to scream as wave after wave of bliss made her body shudder. The boy was enhancing her climax by squeezing one nipple really hard whilst sucking really hard on the other. The pain just help to drive her even wilder.
On the other side of the door Joe was experiencing an exquisite mixture of emotions; extreme sexual arousal, frustration and nervousness that he did not know exactly what was going on, praying that Suzy wasn't fucking the boy but knowing that he would be turned in by it if she was, and, of course, jealousy. This was turning out to be way better than expected.
When she eventually calmed down she pulled her fingers from out of her pussy and the boy let go of the nipple he was squeezing but he kept on sucking the other boob hard for a few more seconds. When he eventually straightened up he said, "Thought I would leave a little something to remember me by."
Suzy looked down at her slightly sore left boob and saw a large, angry reddish-purple hickie. "Oh my. I wasn't going to forget you anyway," she giggled. "That orgasm was mind blowing." With that she put a finger back inside her pussy and got it wet with her juices. She them rubbed it gently on his lips and gave him a little peck on his cheek.
"Lady. You are one dirty bitch. Don't forget your pizza." He turned and left. Suzy watched him leave in a satisfied daze, not caring if anyone saw her standing topless at the front door.
After a few moments she came back to reality and shut the door before making her way to see Joe. "Oh my God, that was amazing and look what he's done."
Joe's eyes almost popped out as he stared at the dark mark on Suzy's boob. "Oh my God, he's marked you." Joe was trying to sound concerned but he was so turned on he just wanted to jump Suzy right now.
"He marked his territory," Suzy smiled wickedly.
"Oh, his territory?" Joe laughed as he reached for her branded boob.
She playfully patted his hand away before he could touch it. "Maybe this boob belongs to him now. Maybe only he is allowed to touch it now."
"Oh really? We'll see about that." Joe reached for it again, and again he was patted away.
"I'm serious. That boob belongs to him now. At least until his mark disappears." Joe's face dropped a bit. Was she really being serious? This was not part of the deal. She pushed on. "Look, he helped me get the best orgasm I have ever had and so I think he needs to be respected. It is just one boob, no big deal. Just be thankful that he didn't claim my pussy and my ass." Joe's mouth had fallen open. What was she saying? "Count yourself lucky, Joe. I was so turned on there that I was ready to give him everything. Lucky for you I managed to get myself off whilst he worked his magic on my tits."
Suzy could only last a couple more seconds before bursting out laughing. "I'm just fucking with you. I am all yours. I'm not joking about the orgasm though. That truly was the best ever. Unbelievable! Now your job for the rest of the night is to try and make me cum harder." Suzy threw herself at Joe. He caught her easily as his cock instantly found her pussy and slid all the way in. She sighed with pleasure as she felt his thick eight inches filling her.
For the next three hours they pleasured each other constantly as Suzy recounted every detail. And whilst Suzy had many more orgasms she would have to admit that none of them quite reached the intensity of her pizza boy orgasm.
As Suzy wiped the traces of Joe's cum from her well used pussy and ass, Joe grabbed the pizza and some drinks. They finally ate their cold pizza whilst lying on their bed in their naked, post-coital bliss. That was one amazing night.