Several days had passed since Jayden gave birth to her baby worms. She was still bound and determined to find new creepy crawlers to infest herself with. Jayden had spent the pass days looking for slugs to play with, but was unable to find any. Doing a little research Jayden learned slugs were most active during the night or the foggy days during the summer months. Armed with this new information Jayden began packing her bag for her expedition in the future.
Grabbing her favorite small pink shoulder bag. Jayden pack only the essentials for her night hike, a flashlight, a little towel to lay on, a small bottle of lube, and the most important tool her new speculum. She had ordered it the exciting night before the worms hatched, it was bright purple and made of a smooth metal. Jayden thought it would be a excellent tool to get to help inserting live insects into her vagina. The day she got it in the mail she couldn't wait to try it, grabbing the package rushing past her boyfriend to lock herself in the bathroom. Shouting down the stairs. "I'm taking a quick shower!"
Ripping the package open, she examined the shiny new tool. Biting her bottom lip, Jayden stepped in front of the large mirror. Starting by lifting her shirt, she dropped her perky double D breast out. Then grabbing her waist band she pulled her yoga pants to her ankles, kicking them off she revealed she was going commando! Bending over Jayden looked around her round nice ass to peak at her shaved wet pussy. Quickly turning on the shower Jayden jumped in, not even bothering to check the temperature of the water, ice cold.
The cold water washed over her erected pink nipples, gasping she grabbed the speculum. Partially opening it Jayden inserted it in her mouth, slowly sucking and licking it. Finally being satisfied with the lubrication, she lifted her leg to the edge of the tub. Holding her breath, she pushed into her heat. Moaning loudly she hoped the water drowned out the noise, deeper she pushed it. So deep it pressed against her abused cervix. Slowly, she squeezed the handle, with every pump it spread her pussy. Finally, she could squeeze no more, looking down Jayden could see her vagina was gaping open, using a small mirror she looked at the reflection of her vagina canal at the entrance to her womb.
Jayden wanted to fill her pussy now more than ever quickly she lay on the tub floor, sticking her ass in the air water teasing her thick thighs. Holding her breath, she plunged a finger in her spread pussy, feeling her vaginal walls. Gently, she touched her still tender cervix, that only a day before dozens of worms forced their slimy body's through. Warm water trickled down the back of her thighs, it leaked into her open pussy. Quickly filling and overflowing out, moaning Jayden stirred the water around her hole.
Unfortunately, before she could really get into it there was a hard knock on the door. Shooting up and dumping the water out of her sex. Her boyfriend asked if she was almost done, so they could go get dinner. Sighing Jayden said begrudgingly, "Yeah, give me a second to dry." She was almost tempted to see if he woukd be interested in helping her play with her new toy. But quickly decided against it, her pussy belonged to the creepy crawlies of the forest.
Three days later Jayden arrived at the lonely metro park. Were weeks before this series of adventures began. Stripping everything but her tennis shoes, she packed the clothes seats. Her pale vulnerable body was completely nude. Moonlight reflected over her large breast, illuminated them perfectly. Just before she started her hike, Jayden pulled the speculum from her bag. Spitting on it Jayden inserted it deep and spread her pussy open. Now naked in public as well as having her most intimate place open for anyone or anything.
Rapidly Jayden started sweating, it was an extremely humid night. Sweat dripped from her face, gently landing on her sweaty boobs. She searched the dark forest, guided only by a dim beam of light and moonlight shining through the canopy above her. Recognizing the trail where she exited the brush weeks ago. Stepping off the trail, the grass was tall. As she walked forward, the wet blades of grass tickled her labia. Few dewy wet blades slipped up into her still gaping pussy. Sending jolts of pleasure through her naked body.
But finally she reached her destination, the muddy ground where her ex lovers lived. Running to the rotten stump, scratch marks still visible from her polished nails. Jayden was overjoyed, the stump was covered in slugs! At least fifty slugs of various sizes crawled around the stump. Without hesitation, she unpacked her bag and removed her shoes and laying the towel down next to the stump.
Jayden laid on her back, gently wrapping her thick thighs around, and pressed her pelvis against the rotten wood. Vagina still gaping open. It didn't take long for the slugs to cautiously wiggle on to her, leaving trails of slime as they explored her legs. Several wiggled onto her feet. Tickling her toes. Coating her black polished nails with slime. Many more headed north, slowly slinking up her thighs to her stomach. One wiggled in her belly bottom while overs began the tall climb up her breast. On each boob, a slug reached the top, with first dibs they slimed Jayden's erected pink nipples. Before Jayden could object, the slug on her right nipple latched its mouth over it. Quickly followed by the left. Pleasure coursed through her body as the slugs sucked on her tits.
Further south, two slugs found her open hole. Gently, they slid around the edge of the speculum and her labia. Cold slime dripped down touching her cervix, causing convulsions. Gradually, the slugs started to crawl down into her stretched vagina, their cold filthy body's crawled down her walls. Jayden screamed in ecstasy. Several more joined the plunge, while the first slugs bottomed out on her cervix. Using their feelers to explore the hole, they teased her convoluting cervix. Slime continued to fill her pussy.
While the slugs below continued spelunking her slimy pussy, a couple slugs had wiggled on to Jayden's face. Sliming over her plump lips. Jayden opened her mouth to let out a large moan, and the slugs taking advantage promptly they filled her mouth. Their gooey body's saturated her tongue with sweet tasting slime. She gently sucked on them, cold slime flowed down her throat.
Two tiny baby slugs wiggled slowly up Jayden's slimy breast. Coming to her hard nipples, the slugs gently perched on the tip of each tit. Squeeze hard each slugs slowly penetrate each of Jayden's erect pink tits. Unable to enter any further, their slimy tails protruding and wiggled from her now dilated milk ducts. The little slugs squirted a strange mucus from their mouths, slowly filling Jaydens mammary glands. In seconds, the slugs withdrew, her breast throbbed. Gently Jayden squeezed her right boob, slime sprayed out. Jayden was now lactating slug mucus to her horror and pleasure. Mucus oozed from her tender nipples, the larger slugs slowly began to eat the fresh mucus.
Slowly, a massive slug crawled onto Jayden's ass cheek, over 10 inches long and 3 inches in diameter. Leaving a large slime trail up her butt crack. Unsatisfied with her now crowded pussy or full mouth. He wiggled over Jayden's virgin ass. He pressed his face hard into her butt hole steadily lubricating her ass as he forced his way in. Jayden's eyes bulged as she felt her butt being invaded. But gladly surrender to the slug. With no more resistance the slug pulled its tail into her ass, and slowly wiggled itself deeper in her anus towards her colon.
Minutes passed as hordes of slugs covered her slimy naked body. Dozens of slugs had squeezed into her pussy while many more fought and pushed to enter. Their slime coated her vaginal canal, but Jayden's pussy still had room to spare. As her cervix continued to convulse almost as if it was betraying her. The first slugs now smashed against her cervix unhappy with the cramped conditions of her stretched pussy. They effortlessly squeezed though, slime flooded past from her overflowing pussy. But more slugs and several more after them, slithered into her uterus. Before long her pussy and womb were stuffed with dozens of wriggling slugs. Tears of pain formed in Jaydens eyes as her fallopian tubes were conquered by slugs. A few used their tiny mouth to attach and suck on the walls on her womb.
Jayden's womb was beginning to bloat, as an endless flow of slugs slithered in. Making her once little plump belly to grow, giving her the look of a woman who was eight weeks pregnant. Teensy-weensy slugs steadily slipped up her slimy tubes, determined to reach a new spot to inhabit. Her high pitched moans and squeals of pleasure and pain, escaped through her full mouth. echoing throughout the shadowy forest.
Jayden mouth full of slugs as she struggled to scream and moan, violently she dug her nails into the mud. As she felt her womb being stuffed with slugs while the ten inch monster wiggled deep in her ass, mouth also full. Jayden's every orifice was slugged and slime filled! After several orgasms each harder and hotter than the last. With every climax, her nipples sprayed mucus high above her, raining down it covered her with the sweet sticky substance. The rotten stump was soaked from her multiple geysers like orgasms. Jayden slowly lost consciousness, as countless slugs violated and abused her holes and body.
Jayden awoke hours later, the slugs were gone. Having completely molested her, they crawled away, even leaving their stump. Her pussy still gaped wide from the speculum, slime mixed with her orgasmic release pooled in her vagina. Dried slug slime filled her mouth and covered her naked body. Her tender nipples still slightly gaped and oozing slug mucus. Carefully she picked herself upright, the slug fluids in her pussy poured out and the speculum slipped out, closing her once filled pussy. Stumbling but incredibly satisfied Jayden walked barefoot back to the car, bag over her shoulder. Steered by moonlight, the flashlight batteries long dead.
Jayden continued to walk on wobbly legs, stopping only to reply to her boyfriend's text. Simply, she stated it was over. They should see over people, even if those other people were slimy insects she laughed. Reaching the car Jayden threw her bag in the trunk and drove home naked. But not alone, unbeknownst to Jayden she had a stowaway. Deep inside her ass, a monster slug continued to explore and ravish her. All alone, uninterrupted it burrowed ever deeper.
The End
Please post a comment below and leave any feedback you would like to so I can continue to improve. Thank you!