The buzz Emily enjoyed after inviting two young men to masturbate over her in the space of twenty-four hours was incredible, but there was a bit of 'After the lords mayor's show' about the following weeks.
Emily successfully fought the urge to invite all and sundry to wank over her, much as she wanted it. She knew that if she wasn't careful there could be consequences for that sort of thing.
"It's one thing being a fun loving, sexy and flirty shopkeeper," she told herself, "But another altogether to be a willing wank target for anyone with a cock."
The trouble was, just thinking those words got her wet. She found herself saying them out loud, looking at herself solemnly in the mirror.
The voice of sensible Emily had been getting drowned out by the inexorable rise of Emily the whore. It tried to make one last appeal for her to come to her senses, but she battered it info submission.
"Slut!" she called herself. "You can't fight it. It's what you are. A wank target. A sperm receptacle. It's what you are for. You love them wanking over you, in the magazines, in the flesh, whatever. There's nothing wrong with that, accept it. You love cocks and cocks love you!"
The speed with which she'd found herself going from sharing a sexy flirt and tease with her customers, to posing naked and inviting them to wank on her was a little scary. But it was exhilarating, and she knew it was going to continue. The only questions were when, where, and with whom.
She felt as though she was finding out more about herself with each filthy encounter. And her discoveries were always fun. No doubt her celibacy for the best part of twenty years was a big reason for her sudden descent into debauchery, but it wasn't the only one. She knew this had always been in her. The situation, the shop and her sudden financial freedom had been the trigger for her to let it come out.
Emily had been sad when the butterfly vibrator had broken, which was inevitable given the prolonged, intensive use required of it. But it was quickly replaced by a new one, just in time for her appearance in 'Naughty Neighbours', the only publication she hadn't appeared in last month.
The buzz of showing off her new set was amazing, as usual. She was again spread across four pages, quickly stripping out of a nice summer dress to reveal nothing other than tan hold-up stockings and setting about some manual pleasure, pushing two, three and then four fingers deep inside herself.
Any pretence that she was anything other than ecstatic about being published for the sexual pleasure of strangers had long gone.
"He's done me a favour, I know that now," she sighed wistfully whilst showing an older guy this latest set. She was referring to her cover story which she'd concocted to explain why she was suddenly plastered over most of the adult magazines in her shop. A jilted ex who had decided to humiliate Emily by making public all the private pictures he had of her.
"I never knew I had this in me, but I just love it. Look at that, I think it's quite beautiful, isn't it?" The man agreed that, yes, Emily spreading her legs as far apart as they could go and cramming most of her hand inside her soaking cunt, whilst baring her teeth at the camera like a wild animal, was indeed a beautiful sight, and strolled off with a copy under his arm.
On Tuesday she was visited by her accountant. He spent an hour or two in the office and was very impressed with what he found.
"I've not seen a turnaround in a small business like this for some time," he frowned, reviewing the numbers on his ledger. I mean, your husband ran a tight ship, and he did pretty well for a business of this size. But you have increased revenue over eighteen percent, year on year. That's unheard of in this sector! All of it comes from the magazine sales -- do you know specifically what people are suddenly buying?"
"Well, yes, I think I do..." Johnathan Carver had been Mike's accountant even when Emily married him, at eighteen. He wasn't in the slightest bit attractive, but that wasn't really a factor to her, most of the time. Any man she could arouse was a tick in the right column.
"I found that the adult magazines sold really well. So, I really pushed them, and increased the range, covering more specialist subjects. It seems I can't get enough, they fly off the shelves!"
"Really? I'm not seeing that at other similar businesses. What exactly do you mean by 'specialist'?"
Emily thought showing Johnathan would be better than explaining and produced a copy of 'Wet and Open'.
"Here. it can get quite a bit more naughty than the traditional magazines, you see. People never used to be able to see this sort of stuff, so it's really popular!"
"Quite..." Johnathan adjusted his wire framed glasses and began turning the pages with more interest than you'd expect from a man of his age and demeanour. Emily watched him flick through a set of a pretty blonde, followed by an older looking brunette. Both were dressed for sex, and both sets were similar, some pussy spreading and fingering gaining some approving noises from Emily's accountant.
He made to turn the page over to the next set. Emily grabbed his hand, and he looked up, a little startled.
"I need to warn you before you turn the page. I think it might answer a lot of your questions." She released his hand, and he turned over.
The first picture was unmistakably Emily. She was in a kitchen dressed in some tiny, neon green shorts, and a tight pink crop top, nipples straining against the thin fabric. Her face was a picture of innocence, a sweet smile lighting up the page. Against her cheek she held a large aubergine.
Johnathan went to turn the page again and Emily briefly stopped him, deliberately adding to the tension and expectation.
"Don't judge me, OK?"
She wanted the opposite. She wanted to be exposed, observed, judged and rated. As the page turned, Emily giggled like a schoolgirl, making it clear she had no shame about what the accountant was looking at.
There were eight pictures across the two pages, one depicting Emily stripping off, one positioning the aubergine for insertion, and the rest showing in graphic detail her vagina being stretched obscenely wide by the fat egg plant. Her expression ranged from obvious pleasure to her infectious, bright smile.
Johnathan stared at these pictures for several minutes. Emily simply sat and watched him absorb her illicit activities, feeling a beautiful mix of arousal, shame and exhilaration. She noticed him shifting in his seat subtly and knew that the lump she could see in his pants was for her.
Finally, he flipped the page over. There was one more picture, a full-page shot of Emily smiling into the camera, proudly displaying the fruit she'd just removed, wet with her juice. She was relaxing back in a kitchen chair, her legs spread wide. Her cunt gaped open, a consequence of having that massive thing rammed up inside her for so long.
Emily let him absorb that one for a few minutes, leaving him alone to tend to the shop. When she returned, he stood up, holding the magazine over his crotch, looking embarrassed.
"Don't worry Johnathan. I know you'll be nice and hard. I mean, that's kind of the point, isn't it? I'd be worried if you weren't!" She busied herself, tidying up the desk as if this was the most normal situation in the world. "I've done quite a few shoots recently. I really enjoy it, I love seeing the effect it has on guys, it gives me a real thrill. And clearly my sales have gone from strength to strength!"
The accountant had placed the magazine back on the desk, the picture of Emily's gaping cunt staring proudly out at them. He was gathering his stuff, seeming quite flustered, his briefcase replacing the magazine in front of his crotch.
"Are you OK Johnathan?" Emily asked innocently. "It's fine, honestly. Here, take it home." She slid the copy of 'Wet and Open' into his bag, and he walked out with a dazed expression on his face. "I won't tell Sheila, don't worry." She called after him.
Emily realised that she had very few worries about people finding out now. Family might be different, but she didn't really care what they knew either. In a funny way, seeing Johnathan's reaction had opened a new door. She now found herself wanting to be present and unashamed when people she'd known all her life found out about her new interests.
Far from feeling any contrition, she was becoming intensely proud of herself. Johnathan and his wife Sheila had been guests at Stephen's christening, twenty years ago. Their children had attended each other's birthday parties, and Mike and Johnathan had even gone away on a golfing holiday, she recalled.
And now the accountant was heading home with a hard cock, no doubt to immediately wank over Emily cramming an aubergine into her shaven cunt. The next time she saw him, he'd likely have masturbated over her pictures many times. She liked this thought.
The only awkward one was Stephen. He was going to find out, no doubt. Emily put that to the back of her mind -- she'd cross that bridge when she came to it.
Emily's thoughts turned to what was next. She didn't like the fact that, after this month, she would no longer be available to buy and be masturbated over. Her stock of pictures from her photo session was exhausted. She needed to do something about that.
In a happy coincidence, the phone rang that very afternoon. It was Alan, the photographer responsible for all of the wonderful material that Emily was so grateful for.
"I thought you said those pictures were for your own personal use!" he started, sounding slightly indignant.
"Oh! Well, I decided they were so good, it seemed a shame to keep them hidden."
"How much did you get for them?"
"Nothing! I just sent them in, I didn't know whether they'd print them or not."
"Are you kidding me?"
"No!"
Yeah, well they were yours to do what you want with. But you are missing a trick. You do realise that those mags would all have paid well for all of those sets?"
"Really?" Emily knew the value of her work -- she couldn't fail to; she saw the effect on her pervs every day. But she liked to play the innocent and craved exposure much more than money.
"Really. Listen, I'm guessing from the fact that you've been seen in every jazz mag there is in the past month, that you don't have a problem with people seeing this stuff?"
"You might say that. I've actually found that I like it, a lot."
"Well then, I have a proposal for you..."
Alan detailed his idea. It was perfect. Alan would take her pictures, just as he'd done before, but now she'd be the one receiving a fee. And, in return, she'd sign a waiver and he could do anything he liked with the photos he took. This meant she'd be regularly published, not just here, but abroad too, Alan said.
Emily agreed immediately, even before he'd mentioned the rate she could charge. She'd previously paid out of her own pocket for the privilege of being exposed, so to get the same exposure and money to boot was amazing.
She was back at Alan's studio by the weekend. Alan was much more inquisitive this time. The previous visit Emily had been assuming the identity of a loving girlfriend doing some naughty poses for her boyfriend. But now the truth was out. She was now opening her legs for money, there was no hiding it.
But unlike Alan's other models, the money really was an afterthought for Emily. The fact that she'd appeared in so many magazines already without receiving a single penny was testament to this.
The shoot went very similar to the last time. Emily had brought a range of outfits with her. And Alan had quite a selection of his own on rails on one side of the studio. In every set she stripped off slowly for some tasteful, teasing shots, so that Alan could put together a 'mainstream' set. Things then got a bit more exciting as she posed for a much more explicit set of pictures.
Emily loved it all, but the dirtier Alan's requests became, the more she enjoyed herself. Alan's lens only a few inches from her soaking cunt, held wide open to make sure there was no doubt just how aroused she was, could have been the eyes of the hundreds or even thousands of horny men who were going to see these pictures.
Alan couldn't fail to notice just how into this Emily was, not least when he had to pause proceedings as she brought herself to orgasm. The situation, and the knowledge that the world was going to be buying these pictures soon enough made it impossible to resist.
Her fingers found her clit and for a few minutes Alan let the camera hang around his neck loosely -- there was no point trying to photograph this scene, beautiful as it was, Emily's fingers would have been a blur.
"I've got to say," he murmured in admiration as Emily's convulsions died down and he resumed his job, getting some great shots of the dildo still pushed deep inside her, and her pretty face looking down between those lovely tits into the camera, "I've not had a girl in here who is half as much into this as you."
"Thanks," Emily smiled sweetly, her body relaxed and tingly from the orgasm, which was the first of many.
Emily started giving herself Saturdays off, and that became her 'studio' day, although sometimes the location varied. Alan had suggested outdoor shots sell well, and Emily had agreed immediately, her mind going back to those sessions in the woods with Pav she'd enjoyed so much.
After some fun sessions in car parks and semi-public areas such as quiet country lanes, Emily pushed this further than Alan had intended. She wanted to be pictured naked in the most inappropriate places. This meant for some creativity, and some early starts, Emily losing her long trench coat and standing proudly naked in the high street and beside local landmarks, before the world woke up.
Even at just after sunrise, there were frequent occasions where a passer-by would suddenly appear from around a corner to be greeted by Emily naked on a bench, legs open, or bending over a wall as Alan took his pictures. This was sheer bliss for her and she'd remain exposed, sometimes even talking to the people who'd stumbled upon her, to varying reactions.
Alan continued to be impressed.
"Jesus, Em," he said on the train back from Chelmsford, after a session which had started with her posing naked in front of the cathedral at the crack of dawn, and finished with her sitting brazenly, open legged and cunt on full display, in the busy station.
She'd timed it to coincide with their train arriving, but several appreciative passers-by enjoyed her sitting exposed like that for a full minute before she stood and slid her short skirt down and walked calmly onto the train before the handful of transport police patrolling around had time to register what was happening.
"You are the real deal, aren't you? I mean, I spend my life taking pictures of girls who are mostly just pretending to be what you actually are. You just fucking love it, don't you?"
"I do!" Emily grinned. This wasn't a point that could be argued.
The short lull in Emily's descent into depravity, as she liked to term it, had been replaced by further progress. Alan was finding her material very lucrative. She had an idea that he was doing far better out of this, financially, than he might have been expected to. He paid Emily a flat fee for her time, seventy pounds an hour.
But from this time, he had thousands of pictures which he owned the rights to and could sell to whoever he wanted. And he could sell the same set multiple times, to different markets, home and abroad. He was doing very nicely out of this arrangement.
Emily had happily signed away any rights to the growing number of images of her body. Truth be told, her payment came in the knowledge that the magazines Vikesh delivered were increasingly likely to contain footage of herself. She'd swap money for exposure, any day of the week.
She'd set the scene with her regular pervs, making sure everyone was aware that she'd decided, after enjoying the 'surprise' of being unknowingly exposed to all and sundry so much, that she'd like to explore this further.
"I just thought, why not!" she'd muse as she sold magazine after magazine. "I honestly enjoyed it, a lot. And I get the feeling you guys liked it too, right? So, where's the harm?"
Expectation amongst her customers built, with Emily at least as excited as anyone else for her next appearance. The fact that she had no idea where or when it might be only served to increase the constant state of arousal she felt.
Tonight was the evening before Vikesh's next delivery, and she was finding it almost unbearable. It was almost time to shut up shop as a good-looking gentleman she recognised came in and made straight for the top shelves.
She smiled to herself; this guy was one of her favourites. He had never been a purchaser of porn until a few months back, when Emily had casually mentioned how her ex had betrayed her.
She'd then shown him the evidence of this betrayal in graphic detail. He'd been impressed by what she'd sold him and had subsequently returned for more. Emily congratulated herself on her upselling skills.
"What are you after today?" she asked casually sauntering over to him. He was a little older than her, she thought, maybe early forties. He had dark, greying hair, was quite tall and was wearing a nice navy-blue suit. If Emily had a type, she thought he was probably it. If she was in the market for something more than a hard cock, he'd be on her radar. He turned to her with a smile.
"Well, I don't suppose you've got anything featuring yourself this month, have you?"
"Oh, that's sweet!" she smiled. She liked the younger ones' nervousness and embarrassment, but she also liked the more confident air of an older gentleman. "Not this month. But I've got a feeling that might change tomorrow; I've got a delivery coming in."
"Really?" He looked surprised. He hadn't had the update from Emily, that her unexpected exposure had inspired her to repeat the process voluntarily.
Emily took great pleasure in telling him the full story. His face was a picture as he realised what she'd been up to.
"It sounds like I'm going to be spending a lot of money here -- will you be, I mean, do you do the sort of things you showed me before?"
"Definitely! Did you like it then? Tell me what you liked."
"You looked so sexy, so happy to be doing that stuff."
He was being too gentlemanly for Emily. She pushed things along.
"What did you prefer -- watching me spread my pussy open for you? Or pushing that cucumber into my wet little cunt?"
"Oh Christ!" he laughed. He'd gone a little red. "All of the above! I just kept -- keep -- thinking about how beautiful and attractive you are, and how in the world you do some of those things and seem to enjoy it so much."
"Oh, I do. I really do. What I really love is knowing that there will be all these eyes on me, and all these cocks rock hard looking at me getting dirty. Did you wank over me?"
He gulped. This wasn't a question he was used to being asked. Emily wasn't like any woman he'd met before. There was an easy answer though.
"Yes."
"How many times?"
"I've lost count."
Emily glanced at the clock. It was closing time. She knew what was going to happen, she'd known it since this guy had walked in. It had been at least a couple of months since Richard and Ryan, so one more now wouldn't do any harm.
She didn't even know his name, and she didn't want to.
"Listen, I'm shutting up shop now. Do you want to wank over me? I'd like it if you did."
There was something incredibly empowering about just coming out with something like that. Emily savoured the instant change in mood, the silence which meant she could hear her own heart beating against her ribcage. The man's face, so incredulous about what was happening, what Emily was offering him, made her feel like a princess. A slutty, slutty princess.
There was only one answer to this question. Emily locked the door and freed her breasts, kneeling in front of this handsome stranger.
"Just to be clear, this will likely never happen again, it's just something I need right now -- is that OK?"
As usual, there was no other answer possible other than the stunned nod. Emily smiled up at him as he unzipped his trousers and pulled his cock free. He wasn't as hard as Richard and Ryan had been, she thought. But then they were much younger. She knew she could make it grow. She squeezed her tits, kneading them and rolling the nipples between her fingers.
"Do you like them?" Her innocent tone belied what she was doing. The man nodded, his hand gripping his cock firmly.
"Let's see."
Emily wanted to admire it, unhidden, and took both his hands so his cock hung free. it was pointed to the floor but was semi-hard. Emily took this as an affront. She wanted to see it point to the sky, this was how she liked her cocks. Still holding the man's hands to prevent him from hiding his dick away again, she looked up at him.
"I've been on such a dirty journey, you wouldn't believe," she spoke, pouting her lips slightly and trying to coax further arousal. "First, I find I love selling porn to all you guys. Then I find I love posing for you all to wank over. But sometimes, just occasionally, I need to feel your appreciation for real."
The cock jerked a little. She could see a vein pulsing as more blood was summoned, and it rose, from seven o'clock to eight, maybe. She needed it at ten or eleven.
"I've done it a couple of times before, you know. Invite a stranger to get his cock out and wank for me. It turns me on. You need to be harder if you want to cum all over these big tits like they did." The cock grew more, nine o' clock now. This was more like it.
"Oh, look at it now," She breathed, her eyes now fixed on the growing penis, which she decided was very similar to Richard's. "You liked that, didn't you, when I talked about you shooting your spunk all over me. Is that what you want?"
It evidently was, as the cock continued to rise.
"Once they are covered, I'm going to clean myself up. I'll wipe up your cum and lick it all from my fingers. I love the taste of sperm!"
She'd found what she needed, and the cock was now pointing to the sky. He found herself wanting to feel it. This wasn't what she'd planned. There was a big difference between letting a guy wank over you and..."
Still gripping each hand, she leaned forwards and licked the tip of that cock gently. That little bead of clear liquid, which she'd noticed on the other cocks too, was salty just like she thought it would be. The cock bounced attractively a couple of times, the guy audibly groaning.
"Well! I didn't think I'd do that!" Emily grinned, talking to the cock not the face. "What a little slut I am!" She leaned in again, examining the bulbous head from all angles. The man could feel her breath on the sensitive tip as she moved closer -- within millimetres. Her mouth opened as if to let the red helmet inside, before pulling back suddenly.
"Oh shit" Emily smiled, making eye contact briefly before fixing her eyes back on her target. "Am I really going to do this?" The cock involuntarily moved towards her, and she let it brush against her nose and cheek. She closed her eyes briefly, savouring the feel of the warm, silky skin on her face.
Emily enjoyed the tease, but only in so far as it made the next part more enjoyable. It was now so proud and erect that she had to raise herself up on her knees in order to push her mouth down over the tip. She marvelled at the resistance, it strained upwards with quite some power as her mouth pulled it down. She pushed until she felt it hit the back of her throat. Her tongue slid down the length of it, until it was just ticking the guy's balls.
She felt the cock jerk uncontrollably a few times and pulled back, letting it slip free of her lips. It sprung upwards as it was released, hitting her on the underside of the nose. She smiled.
"That felt like it was going to go off!"
"Yeah, sorry. I wasn't expecting..."
"Don't be sorry. If it goes off in my mouth, I've only got myself to blame, right?"
The man looked down at the sight of the lovely Emily, winking up at him, breasts free and bouncing and his cock just about to be engulfed. It was no good, he couldn't hold back.
"Oh!" Emily squealed as a jet of sperm shot straight into her eye. She quickly clamped her lips over the perpetrator, looking up at the guy with the other eye as his cock continued to pump. Emily felt her mouth filling quickly, the first shot of cum hit the back of her throat hard, and it continued, fading slightly with each spurt.
She managed to close the back of her throat and breathe through her nose. Her mouth was full of semen, one eye was out of action and a lot was sliding down her cheek. It felt nice.
Emily pulled back, a little dribble falling onto her bottom lip and chin. She swirled the load around in her mouth, savouring the flavour. It tasted different, she thought, compared to the cum she'd eaten up from her own body. Straight from the source, as it were. The cock was still standing proudly but was starting to subside. A large drip was lowering itself from the end, so she licked it up quickly before it could escape.
Emily sat like that for a minute, just swilling the sperm around before swallowing it all. She licked her lips and stood.
"Well, that was quick!" There was no disappointment in her tone, but the man was embarrassed.
"Yeah, sorry about that. I just couldn't stop it!"
"Are you kidding? I'm not sure a girl could get a better compliment than that!" Emily assured him. Her left eye was still closed, but she didn't mind. She loved the feeling of cold air running across her cheek as she stood, a reminder that her face was coated in semen.
She saw him on his way, keeping her breasts exposed and leaving his cum on her face as she closed the door behind him.
The sperm was still fresh and cool on her cheek as she walked home. One eye was bloodshot and Emily revelled in the feeling of naughty delight at what she'd done. She felt a little flutter as she recapped events. She could still feel the cum shooting into the back of her throat. That had been lovely, and it was a lot less messy than taking it over your breasts, she thought. Maybe she should do that more in future.
She did miss the view she'd enjoyed the previous time, though, as she stood and examined her cum covered tits in the mirror. Really, the best solution would be to have the best of both worlds. A load of cum in the back of her throat, and another all over her breasts.
The next day's work was the fun kind, as it was delivery day. Vikesh, however, was late, so it was nine-thirty before he came in with his trolley. Delivery Wednesday was one of her busiest days, and three guys watched her putting the display out.
They all knew that there was a chance that at least one of these magazines had a picture set starring Emily. Each of the guys were excited, but Emily was beside herself. There were twenty-four different magazines, and with a few exceptions (Sexy Grannies and Asian babes), Emily might be in any of them.
The guys didn't want to leave without taking a naked Emily with them, but there was no way of knowing which, if any, of the magazines she might be appearing in, without looking.
So, the pervs dutifully went through the magazines, one starting at the left, one at the right and one in the middle. Emily stood behind the counter as the shop was busy, one old woman tutting at the sight of the three guys flicking through the porn.
Emily was starting to worry that nobody had printed her at all when she was spotted in 'Mayfair'. And as she came over excitedly to see which set it was, she was also discovered posing in 'Wet and Open'. Not only that, but she'd made the centrefold!
"Oh my god!" she smiled, as the double-page, huge picture of her holding open her gaping cunt, which had just been vacated by a large dildo, was held up for her.
This was exactly what she'd dreamed of. Needless to say, all three guys bought a copy of each, and she watched them leave to wank over her with a warm tingly feeling.
It was a further day before she found that she was actually in another magazine too, so she'd been published three times this month. She was due another shoot with Alan tomorrow, and he already had a huge catalogue of filthy pictures of her, so she was hopeful today's fun would continue each month, as long as she kept posing.
At the weekend she had to tear herself away from her dirty thoughts and be a normal woman -- a normal mother. It was Stephen's engagement party. She'd hardly seen him recently, both of them busy with other things. She'd met Shannon, her daughter-in-law-to-be, of course, but this was to be the first time Emily would meet her parents.
She'd taken a taxi to the venue so that she could have a drink. The place opened at five, but she aimed to be there for six, fashionably late. That gave her time to get ready after posing for Alan all day -- he'd happily accommodated her request to start the shoot at nine rather than twelve, so she did a full 'shift' of seven hours.
It was a half hour drive, so she allowed her mind to wander in the taxi. The shoot had been fun, as usual, and she'd brought herself to a lovely orgasm three times during the day. She'd worn some really slutty outfits, she thought, and couldn't wait to see the shots.
She felt moisture in her panties as she adjusted her posh dress, which she'd bought especially for today. Before going shopping, she'd been shocked when checking her bank balance, but in a nice way. All she'd done for months was work, pose and daydream dirty thoughts, none of which cost anything.
The wage she paid herself from the shop was virtually untouched, and she'd increased it quite a lot on the advice of Johnathan the accountant. So, she had really pushed the boat out and bought a dress which wouldn't have been out of place at the Oscars.
It was, though she said so herself, stunning. Red, tight and extremely revealing, with a plunging neckline and a split to the hip, she almost took her own breath away as she'd admired herself in the mirror.
The venue was a large hotel. As she stepped out of the car, loving the way her bare legs slipped free of the loose material, there were already lots of people outside on a terrace area and music from inside indicated more under cover.
Inappropriate as it was, this dress looked even better without underwear. Emily had spent some time experimenting with different stances and positions, and she knew exactly how she'd need to stand to avoid a glimpse of nipple.
The split in her dress made avoiding flashes of her crotch area just as challenging. She smiled in the knowledge that her shaved pussy made it possible to reveal almost everything without the tell-tale flash of pubic hair that might alert the casual observer.
"Mrs Stainthorpe!" It was Shannon.
"Emily, please," she smiled to the young woman who came skipping over to her.
"Sorry -- Emily. Wow! Look at you! I'm supposed to be the centre of attention, didn't you get the memo?" Shannon did look good, Emily thought. She was wearing a cream minidress, her blonde hair curled and cascading down her back. Her skin was smooth and flawless.
There was no animosity in her voice, she was genuinely impressed by her soon to be mother-in-law's appearance.
"Come inside and meet Mum and Dad -- Stephen's in there somewhere too," she bounced, skipping ahead and leading the way. She was enjoying her day.
It was dark inside and it took a moment for her eyes to adjust. Shannon led her excitedly to the bar, where her parents were standing, backs to her. Her mother turned at the sound of her voice.
"Mrs Stainthorpe!"
"Emily, please," Emily repeated politely. Michelle, Shannon's mum, had a stern face, and was a picture of someone who had 'let herself go'. Her unassuming dress was designed to hide a body which she clearly took no pride in. Her make-up was to conceal, not enhance. The carbon opposite of Emily -- and Shannon, Emily thought.
"Lovely to meet you," Emily smiled and offered a hand to shake.
"Oliver. Oliver! Please would you stop being so ignorant and greet our guest!" Michelle snapped. Personality to match her looks, Emily thought. Oliver turned and offered a hand.
It took a lot to fluster Emily after all she'd done in the past few months. But this was most unexpected. As she took the hand to shake and made eye contact, she was taken back just a few days when, on her knees, she'd looked into those same eyes as this handsome man had unloaded his sperm into her mouth, after temporarily blinding her in one eye.
For his part, Oliver took a little longer to register as his eyes struggled to break away from Emily's cleavage and register her face. But as soon as they did, his jaw dropped for a split second before he almost visibly shook himself together.
"Oh! Yes! sorry. Mrs Stainthorpe, am I right?" Nice save, thought Emily. She glanced sideways at Michelle and Shannon, both looking on, none the wiser that Emily swallowed their husband/father's cum just the other day.
She shook the hand politely, before excusing herself.
"I'm sorry, please excuse me a minute, I do just want to freshen up after the journey." The toilets were empty, and she began laughing hysterically as soon as the door closed behind her. What the fuck! This was serious, she told herself. These guys will be relations for the rest of our lives. And Emily had introduced herself by sucking the cock of the father of the bride!
Despite everything, the thought made her tremble a bit. This was so bad. But, actually, so good. What had she been thinking? She remembered the look on Oliver's face as his cock approached her mouth. This was just as much his fault as hers, of course.
It will be fine, she told herself. He will be way more nervous than I am, his wife looked like she could tear him in two. The only way anyone could possibly find out would be if one of them told someone, which was not likely. She found herself getting that familiar buzz she felt when she let herself get involved in something totally wrong and inappropriate.
After adjusting her cleavage in the mirror and re-applying her scarlet lipstick, she rejoined the party. Oliver had a drink waiting and managed to corner her briefly.
"We're OK, right?" he said, slightly panicked as he handed her a flute of champagne.
"Why wouldn't we be?" Emily winked, relaxing further as she realised that she was right, the only person who might have a worry today was him. He had much more to lose than Emily.
"Listen, Oliver. You gave me what I needed the other day. But that was all, and I've got no urge to go and get all Fatal Attraction on you, I assure you. Just because I swallowed your s...Stephen!"
Stephen had arrived and was frowning at his mother's choice of outfit.
"Mum! What are you wearing?" Oliver took the opportunity to excuse himself.
"Everyone else has said I look nice, what a charming way to greet your own mother!"
"Yeah, whatever. Lovely to see you, anyway. Stephen gave her a hug.
"You've met Oliver and Michelle, this is Shannon's brother, Richard."
Emily knew even before Stephen had pulled the young man's shoulder. This was just perfect! What were the chances? Sure enough, As Richard turned to meet his future Aunt, his eyes almost fell out of his head.
Richard wasn't as skilled as his father in keeping a straight face, and stood, dumbfounded, frozen and seemingly confused.
This was the young man Emily had mistaken for the author of that lovely fantasy. She'd kneeled down in her shop and asked to see him wank, offering the same breasts to which Richard's eyes were now glued to as a target.
She still smiled to herself about that evening. She'd been so pleased with herself at making his dreams come true, and then the very next day the real author had turned up.
She'd made his dream come true as well, but that first experience with Richard had made her realise that she had an almost unlimited supply of horny men with hard cocks if she wanted. She just had to snap her fingers.
Richard still hadn't spoken -- in fact he'd started to sweat. His eyes just kept switching between Emily's smiling face and her welcoming cleavage. Stephen was looking confused. Shannon appeared and broke the impasse.
"Richard! Put your eyes back in your head!" She smacked him on the arm hard, and he looked at her blankly.
"This is Stephen's Mum, Emily." Emily held out a hand, and Richard shook it.
"Oh, right! Of course, I'm sorry. Nice to meet you! I'm sorry, please excuse me." He disappeared into the smoky room.
There was an awkward silence for a few seconds. It had been glaringly obvious that Richard was heavily affected by Emily's presence. This might prove more of a problem than Oliver, Emily thought to herself. Luckily Shannon didn't seem too surprised.
"Don't mind him," Shannon laughed. "He doesn't get out much and, I hope you don't mind me saying, doesn't get the chance to meet an amazing looking woman like you very often. He's harmless enough, bless him." She theatrically mouthed the word 'Virgin!'. Emily lip-read this easily and felt a little flutter through her body
"It's that dress," Stephen whispered accusatorily. He'd had a lifetime of his friends and peers lusting after his mother, he was used to it. But, he thought, she wasn't helping the situation dressing like she had done tonight.
"Stephen!" Shannon reproached her fiancé. "I think your Mum looks incredible; you should be proud of her!"
"Yeah, sure," he conceded meekly. Emily smiled. She liked seeing her son toeing his girlfriend's line so obediently. She was exactly what he needed.
Emily took a breath. Meeting the in-laws could be stressful. But discovering that you've had not only the bride-to-be's brother, but her father too ejaculating all over you wasn't something many women would have had to content with. Emily could only smile -- the thought made her more horny and less embarrassed by the second.
She caught up with Richard alone on her next visit to the toilet. She managed to establish that no, he wasn't going to say anything, and yes, it was a huge coincidence that they should meet again like this.
"Listen," Emily had whispered in his ear. "If you keep quiet, then, who knows, there might be another chance in future, you know, to do it again. It's obviously not something we could do regularly, given the circumstances. But you never know. It would be different if anyone else found out, that would shut the door forever. But let's keep our little secret, maybe in a few years the opportunity might arise again..."
This was, she thought, her best tactic. Having raised one of her own, Stephen, and seen how easily he'd succumbed to Richard's sister's will, with just the carrot of sex as her persuasion, she knew how easily young men could be manipulated. She didn't think Richard would be a problem.
That evening produced more to deal with, though. Not only were two of Emily's future family members men who she'd seduced and coaxed a nice portion of sperm from, but there were two other guests who she recognised as regulars at her shop -- her 'pervs' as she liked to call them.
Luckily for her, each was older and with his family. They had no desire to do anything other than give Emily a knowing smile and nod. For her part, she smiled and waved sweetly. It only took her a few minutes for the trepidation and shock of the situation she was in to begin to transform into feelings of arousal and naughty thoughts.
Before long the blood was pumping, and she found herself getting a little short of breath as she looked around the room. Even those who didn't know her secret constantly checked her out, her red dress making her the centre of attention.
Emily accepted the offer of a dance with a couple of 'safe' partners, a much older man in his seventies who could have been Shannon's grandfather, and a cute young boy of nine or ten, the room smiling and enjoying the endearing sight of him laughing as he ran between various people on the dancefloor.
Not long before ten, she made her excuses.
"I've got an early start," she told Stephen and Shannon, giving both a big hug and kiss. "It's been a lovely night. Shannon, every time we meet, I like you even more. Stephen had better realise what he's got!" She flashed a glance at her son.
"Oh, he does!" Shannon laughed. She was confident in herself and in her relationship. Emily couldn't help wondering where she'd be now if she'd met a nice young man at her age, rather than an older guy who knocked her up and gave her responsibilities she'd never asked for.
All things being equal, though, she didn't think she'd change anything. She was very much enjoying her life and didn't feel like one man was needed to improve it. Not one particular man, anyway.
She asked the receptionist to call her a taxi.
"They are going to be here as soon as they can, but it will be at least half an hour," the girl said apologetically. Emily wondered whether to go back in, but couldn't be bothered with the explanation, and then the repeat of all the goodbyes only a short time after.
So, she wandered outside. Across the road was a small pub, and she decided to get a drink and wait in there. As she crossed the road, she smiled to herself, wondering who'd be in her shop tomorrow, who she'd be able to show off her appearances in 'Mayfair' and 'Wet and Open' to.
The Spread Eagle had busy and quiet times. Given their location, they were dependent on the hotel for most of their clientele. They'd have influxes of people in the afternoon, when the hotel bar was really busy. They were a bit cheaper, so would always attract some of the more thrifty guests.
However, on a Saturday evening, when all the guests would be dancing and enjoying whatever event they were gathered to celebrate, there was very little to attract anyone outside of the regulars. So it was with interest that the young landlord and the only two patrons, two men in their fifties, observed the stunning woman enter the pub.
As soon as she walked in, Emily felt naughty thoughts flying around her head. She was dressed to kill. The cool night air had made her nipples perk up, and they were straining against the thin red material of her dress. Most of her breasts were exposed, and she very deliberately let her leg slip through the split in her dress as she came down the three stone steps to the main bar area.
"Hello," said the landlord brightly. The two drinkers turned in their seats to take in the view.
"What can I get you?"
Emily needed to order a drink, of course. She was perfectly content just drinking in the attraction, the desire that these three men couldn't possibly hide. She was going to have some fun. Maybe she'd be drinking something else the men might have for her soon.
"Hi!" she smiled brightly. "I've just called for a taxi, it's going to be half an hour, so I thought I'd stop in and wait in here. Can I have a Gin and Tonic please?"
"Coming right up!"
"Cold out?" one of the men asked, glancing at his friend knowingly. Emily's nipples were standing proud, and she was standing at an angle which made that obvious. She feigned ignorance.
"It is a bit," she smiled. "I was going to just wait outside, but it looked nice and warm in here."
It was warm, a log fire blazed in the stone fireplace. But Emily's nipples only became harder as the men looked her up and down. She'd spent the whole time at the party concentrating on not revealing a nipple or letting her bare pussy be glimpsed, she was quite bored of that by now.
She took her drink. She knew what she wanted to do next and wondered how to approach it. It only took her a few seconds to come up with a plan.
Sitting down on a long, padded bench only a few metres from the bar, she slipped off her heels, scarlet red to match her dress, lips and nails.
"Oh, it's so nice to take those off for a minute," she smiled. The three men were all turned to look at her directly, but none spoke. She was the centre of attention, just as she wanted.
"I love getting dressed up and all but standing and dancing in heels for hours on end, it takes its toll on your feet!"
She crossed her legs, pulling her left foot onto her lap and examining it carefully. This meant her whole bare leg appeared, the fabric falling either side. She repeated this with the other foot, giving the men an unrestricted view of each leg, tanned and smooth.
Emily liked the build-up and the tease, but she was aware that there was a finite amount of time, and she had a pounding in her chest driving her to accelerate the situation.
"Do you like my legs?" she asked innocently, running a hand up and down each in turn. The men turned to look at each other. Emily loved seeing their reaction. They couldn't take their eyes off her.
"Oh god, I'm sorry. I've been having such a lovely night, and I know just the way I'd like to finish it off. I'm feeling really horny. Do you want to see my body?"
No answer was given, but none was needed. Emily slipped the material of her dress to one side, revealing one of those firm, gravity-defying breasts. Her nipple was standing proud, and she immediately began playing with it.
"Dave," one of the men said quietly. "Can you check I'm still alive? I think I might have died and gone to heaven!"
Emily laughed a little louder than she might have.
"Oh, thank you. That's really nice. You don't mind if I have a little fun then?"
"You won't get any arguments from us," Dave said. The landlord simply leaned on the bar, eyes glued to Emily. She freed the other breast before lifting both feet onto the bench, settling back a bit and allowing her knees to fall apart. A strip of the red material covered her modesty, so she pulled that out of the way immediately.
Emily's bare cunt was received with gasps of appreciation from her audience. Still pinching a nipple, her other hand began circling her clit and she groaned in pleasure. The six eyes fixed between her legs gave her renewed impetus each time she looked up.
She would have liked to spend some time spread open for these strangers, but there was less than ten minutes before her cab was due. She needed more. Her eyes caught an empty beer bottle on the table beside her and soon she was easing it inside herself.
That was just what she needed. Making sure all the men had a good view, she pushed the thin neck inside, feeling a surge of delight and relief as the thicker part opened her up and her pussy was filled. Her cunt was more than lubricated enough to take it, and so she reversed the bottle, forcing the thick end inside.
That was perfect, she thought. Her fingers began flicking across her clit as she pushed gently, maintaining pressure and that amazing feeling of being filled up with the cold glass. She was close to orgasm now.
"Oh, does that look nice?" she asked nobody in particular. "It feels fucking amazing. Oh Christ, I'm coming!"
Looking up at the three men, she began convulsing. What a complete slut I am, she told herself proudly. Just walk into the pub, sit down and start fucking myself with a bottle for the pleasure of a bunch of strangers!
Her eyes were wide now, and her teeth bared, a look of utter debauched abandon fixed on that pretty face as she enjoyed the feeling of pure pleasure and release spreading from her filled cunt and washing over her.
She was too far gone to notice the landlord look up with a jump, his eyes fixed to a spot behind Emily. And the opening and closing of the door went completely unheard, Emily was too focused on her own pleasure to notice anything.
"Oh, you are here," Shannon said brightly as she spotted Emily's red dress. "The girl on reception said she'd seen you come over. You left your bag on the..."
Speech was halted the moment Shannon skipped down the steps and was confronted with a sight she did not know how to handle. Her future mother-in-law was lying back, eyes half closed and mouth open as she panted audibly.
Her full and firm breasts, which had been admired and enjoyed by all the guests at her party still in full swing over the road, were free of her dress and swaying attractively from the shuddering orgasm Emily was utterly overcome by. Her hips gyrated slowly, one finger preventing the bottle from slipping out, the thin neck only just emerging from a pussy which had been carefully and lovingly shaved for her audience's viewing pleasure.
The audience looked almost as stunned as Shannon, who glanced at them as if expecting an explanation. The landlord shrugged blankly -- this was nothing to do with him.
Still in a world of her own, Emily was attempting to prolong the pleasure of her orgasm which had been building all day. Emitting a slight groan, she eased the bottle out halfway, before pushing it back with a low 'Mmmmmm'. Her finger toyed with her clit playfully.
Shannon wondered if she could just run back out -- Emily hadn't spotted her yet. But that chance went as Emily was snapped back to reality by the beeping of a horn outside.
"Oh, that'll be my Taxi," she said, easing the bottle out of herself and placing it, glistening with her juice, on the table. She calmly looked down for her shoes and pushed her breasts back inside her dress. It wasn't until she stood and turned that she was face-to-face with her daughter-in-law-to-be.
"Oh! Shannon!" She jumped. "How long have you..."
"Long enough," Shannon replied. She was impossible to read, mostly because she hadn't had the time to form a reaction to something so unexpected.
Emily felt a little bit sick. This could be bad -- really bad. She needed time to decide what to do.
"Listen, Shannon. I know what you must think. I'd like a chance to explain, but I have to go now, that's my cab. Can I give you a call? I'd appreciate it if you didn't, you know, tell Stephen."
As she watched Emily leave, Shannon wondered what the hell was going on. She needed time to process this just as much as Emily did.