Part 4. Bareback Ride
Chapter 6. A Placid Mare
Our relationship had reached a new plateau. She had stripped fully naked for me. We had had full-on sex. There could be no doubt that there was something going on between us. The question was where it would go from there. But I hardly knew her. And there was the issue of compatibility. She had no interest in children. She revealed very little about herself, and nothing of her thoughts and feelings.
I suspected that she wouldn't be interested in settling down with William and me. She didn't show any interest even in meeting him.
Nor was she the sort of woman I usually went for. She was plain-looking on the surface. I wondered what my increasingly mature son would think of her, given the opportunity to meet her. I hadn't mentioned her to him, which avoided awkward questions. This jumble of thoughts made me feel guilty at using her body.
She was undeniably sexy, when she turned on the charm and tease. Raw casual sex was no basis for a relationship. But I felt a shit for being so superficial about her looks. Perhaps my problem was that I couldn't get to know her inner being. I could not love a body alone.
We didn't refer, or even allude to that store room encounter in the office. I sensed John's constant suspicion after that, every time I talked directly to Sylvia. But she was not coy and she didn't help. She was chattier with me than before, often pointedly excluding john from the conversation. Sometimes she was saucy as well. That didn't go unnoticed. I might have just been staring into thin air. She would say, "are you thinking, or just staring at my boobs?" John would react ostentatiously, whilst my face remained blank. My facial muscles were getting a decent workout, as was my office inscrutability.
Something needed to change. My barely-there 'affair' with Sylvia sputtered along with the occasional sporadic fizz, satisfying neither of us with our risky assignations. My loyalty to her prevented me dating other women. Even when I tried to fantasise about her in bed, my imagination could not conjure up an image of her body. I had mostly only seen it close up, and had only piecemeal reference points
Eventually, I tried to make a clean break. I found a new job, with more money and wider responsibilities. We agreed by mutual decisions not to keep in touch. A tacit line was drawn under our now defunct relationship.

~*~*~

She had boosted my ego, though. I went on the search for a new partner.
I had a boat, moored some distance away on the Broads. I met a young lady through The Times personal columns who fancied older men. We had a fling. But that, too fizzled out because I thought her too young for me. The fact was that no woman had stirred me quite like Sylvia.
Then, one Friday afternoon, my office phone rang.
"Hello?"
"Ah, Simon, I've tracked you down at last."
I knew at once it was her.
"How did you manage that?"
"I got a message to your ex-wife at her employers, asking for your contact details. I pretended it was a work query about an old project. I thanked her politely, of course. She said, 'you're welcome to him.' I think she may suspect something."
"Does that matter? I'm impervious to her jealous threats and tantrums about our son."
"Is your love life prospering?"
"Not much. Being a single parent is damned awkward and inconvenient. Seeing you again might make me feel better."
"Might?"
"Well, it would depend on how much of you I got to see."
"Ha ha, that remains to be seen. I'm going to my stepfathers' farming estate this evening, in Gloucestershire. He and Momma left today for the weekend, and I promised to look after the horses. What are your plans?"
"My wife has William this weekend. She'll bring him back on Sunday."
"Does she do all the driving?"
"Most of it."
"Sounds like a guilty conscience."
"Uhuh, yet I don't feel guilty at all. I drew the short straw moneywise. The only thing keeping my spirits up is thoughts of you."
"So make good on those thoughts and come down there tomorrow. I'll show you around the farm and the woods. "If I'm not at the farmhouse when you get here, I'll be at the stables which you'll see from the house."
Only when I put the phone receiver down did I have any regrets. Why did I flirt like that? I thought I was over her. Nor was her invitation as promising as it might seem. Despite our office flirtations she had hinted at problems with sex after my failure to give her an orgasm. She had later inferred that, once she had allowed me an orgasm inside her, it drew a line under the matter, like a debt paid, or an honour satisfied. I struggled to accept that someone as sensual as she would turn their back on sex. I began to think that I had failed her.
She was becoming more introspective again. She, too, had changed employers, and her new job wasn't working out as well as she had hoped. So I wasn't sure what to expect from a visit to her parents' farm.
Still, I most needed to talk to a willing ear, and getting out of the house for a day was an appealing proposition.
Her parents ran an arable farm, using paid hands to deal with the crop management. They had gone away to Brighton for a romantic weekend. Sylvia's only duties would be to see to the family horses. That much I knew.
Sylvia had spoken very little about home and family life. I suspected that it was a sensitive topic for her. She did not see eye to eye with her stepfather; and her relationship with her controlling mother was strained. She deliberately chose only to go to the farm when they weren't there. It was the horses that drew her there. She was a convenient minder.
I left home early on Saturday morning to drive the ninety miles or so, and arrived there mid-morning. What I encountered surprised me. The farm estate was reached off a single-track road, along a long drive marked 'No Through Road'. It was secluded, well off the beaten track. The drive passed along an avenue of trees bordering arable fields and pastures. But it gave no clue to the grandeur of the farmhouse. Arriving at the large gravel parking and turning area before the main house was like travelling back in time. It was less a farmhouse, and more a rambling mediaeval manor house, set in hundreds of acres of pasture, crops and woodlands.
The farm house looked in parts to be Jacobean, though much adapted over many generations. It was on three storeys, with a higgledy-piggledy roofline of gables, sagging ridge tiles, and dormer windows. The walls were mostly of ancient red bricks held in place by weathered timber frames. Whatever else could be said about Sebastian, his family was old money. I wondered what he saw in Sylvia's mother, whom I knew of only by reputation - Sylvia's views.
There was no answer from the ornate bell-pull chain in the porch. It rang with a school-house tinkle, somewhere inside. I could see the stable yard a little way off from the house. I strolled across to it.
The stables formed an 'L' shape on two sides of the yard with a barn on the third side. One side of the 'L' had four stalls and an open saddling and tack area. It all looked spotlessly clean as I peeked in.
Sylvia was inside saddling and tack area, grooming an apparently contented mare.
"Hi Sylvia, ..."
I had rehearsed my opening line, but the rest of the greeting got caught in my throat. I was literally struck dumb. Her transformed appearance was as unexpected as my first sight of that grand farmhouse. I had seen her naked, and had formed an impression that she had a good body. Yet, that encounter 'on the job', had been so overwhelming on my mind that it left only fuzzy recollections. I had tried many times later to recall her body, and failed, my mind insisting on coalescing my thoughts into images of my wife's less attractive corpulence.
Sylvia had her back to the doorway, brushing down a large, dark brown mare. She was wearing a pair of cream equestrian riding pants, which were stretched tight across her thighs and bottom. The effect was sensational. Its impact far outweighed her tight badminton hot pants. The rest of her body added even further to the stunning effect. Sylvia obviously liked to wear tight clothing, but this was far more fetching than her misguided office apparel. Her bottom was magnificently enclosed and her body outline was a symphony of beautifully flowing lines, from her shoulders to her booted calves.
She turned to face me, smiling broadly. Her riding jacket was buttoned tightly across her bust. It emphasised the shape of her bounteous mammarial delights in a way that her office garb never could. She was clad head to foot in skin tight garb, set off by tall, shiny brown riding boots. Beneath the figure-hugging riding gear, her body looked magnificent and enticing: trim, shapely and alluring.
The whole effect was somehow sexier than past recollections of seeing her naked. I could not comprehend the transformation from the office Sylvia to this vision of feminine magnificence. Never mind the face, that body was sensational. She could have been a model, but for her shy, retiring nature, and that plain face.
Yet her exudation of eroticism was at odds with her diffidence about sex. Why did she feel the need to flaunt it if she could not achieve physical satisfaction? What was the point of flirtation for her?
But that Post Office -worker's maxim about never minding the face didn't apply here. Away from an office environment, her face in this relaxed environment looked far more attractive. When it broke into a smile upon seeing me, it was transformed. It was glowing from her willing exertions in her home environment. She was a different person, utterly beautiful and compelling. I had better mind my preconceptions rather than her face.
She was positively garrulous as she gabbled a welcome and explanations.
"Ah, you catch me on home ground. I was expecting you later. You must be keen! Still, now that you're here, care to ride with me? I've mucked out the stalls and let out the gelding male into the paddock. I've prepared a mare for you. She's called Honey. She's strong but gentle. She won't mind if you don't know how to ride her. She'll show you the way.
My horse is a mare too. They're both Arabian, with the finest fur of any breed on their backs. Mine's called Marshi. She's as understanding a horse as one could hope to ride. She'll need to be with me on her back. Our mutual understanding is subliminal. Most of the time I don't have to direct her. It's as if she reads my mind.
"I've packed some refreshments in a saddle bag, so I'm just about good to go. Go round the back. The door to the kitchen is unlocked. Freshen up, then put the door on the latch behind you."
She was so enthusiastic that I felt as if I had walked into the path of a whirlwind. I gulped, but tried not to show my trepidation at this unexpected offer of a ride. I had ridden a horse a few times, but never very far. Yet she seemed all prepared for a lengthy outing.
"Were you waiting for me?"
"Well, I hoped you'd come early. The girls will enjoy the exercise, and you'd be helping me out."
She explained the rudiments of riding with a bridle, and the particular habits of Honey. She was very businesslike and focused.
"We can go for a short ride today, and if you can stay over, a longer jaunt tomorrow. The weather is set fair. Both mares are reliable, and we won't do any aggressive riding. So I propose to do without my riding hat, and live dangerously."

~*~*

We rode together at a gentle pace, through the woods and across the meadows of her family estate. The sun took pride of place in an almost cloudless sky, conjuring up an ideal, warm, late spring-like day. Sylvia looked truly at home in the saddle, in a way that she never had in the office. I was constantly glancing at her figure, and I could not resist mentally undressing her. Her thighs and bottom were taut in the saddle, suggesting that she kept herself fit. I'm sure I didn't offer half as much visual inspiration as she did for me, but all her attention was on her beloved Marshi anyway.
Her personality on home ground was quite different. She was more confident and engaging than before.
She had prepared sandwiches and soft drinks and stowed them in the saddle bags of my mount. So we could afford to take our time on our walk. The trail was through deciduous woods; our path speckled by sunlight between the overhanging branches. The experience was surprisingly captivating.
We stopped for lunch by a lake, and sat on a grassy knoll on which she laid out a small rug.
"I don't want to get grass stains on my bottom," she explained.
We talked about more intimate matters, at last starting to get to know each other again.
I probed her present state of mind.
"How have you been since your change of jobs?"
"The promotion was good but I missed working with you. I didn't think that would happen."
"Me too. You gave me something to think about other than my marital troubles. I promise I won't talk about them today, though."
She nodded approval, but had her own concerns. "I've been wanting to tell you that I appreciate how you've helped bring me out of my shell. You gave me self-confidence."
"What was the problem before?"
"Lots of things. I didn't trust men, from my father onwards. My mother was domineering and she often talked about sex. My father said little, but always seemed to be watching me. None of the doors in our house were lockable. He sometimes entered the bathroom when I was showering. He tried to have conversations as if he had a reason to be there. I complained to my mother. That was probably one of the reasons for their final break-up.
"The thought of sex intimidated me, even when I became old enough, because I wasn't very good at it. My first boyfriend was keen, but I was reluctant, perhaps because of my home life."
"You surprise me. You were very successful at teasing me, although always in the most inconvenient of places."
She giggled at the recollections. "Teasing is one thing, following through is quite another."
"Well, I'm glad you solved that problem. But you hinted at problems with sex, yet you can be very sexy. How is that?"
She stared into thin air for several seconds, then shuddered at some inner thoughts.
"I don't want to talk about my problem, at least not yet. All I can say is that sex figures a great deal in my mind, particularly when thinking about you. But getting satisfaction from it is difficult. I tried to avoid disappointments."
"So it's all in the mind?"
"Maybe, I don't trust men either. You're the first man I worked with who didn't make a physical advance." She chuckled. "I ended up doing all the running with you, although I couldn't benefit from it. Fantasising was the best I could muster."
"And since me?"
"Nothing. I live with my fantasies."
"So why call me now?"
"You can help me, and I can be more myself with you."
I wasn't convinced that she had told me all. I would have to see what developed.

~*~*~

As we rode back to the stables, she intrigued me with a throwaway comment that mirrored my own thoughts.
"I enjoyed today. Forgive me when I confess that I held back before. I needed to get more of a feel for you, to be able to trust you enough to share a big secret. If you stay overnight, I can take you on a more interesting ride tomorrow. Then you'll learn all, I promise. That's all I'll say about that now. Will you stay?"
I had much to contemplate, but I was keen to see what the next day promised.
We drove into the nearest town later on, to shop for food for the following day. We ate an early dinner in a country pub on the way back to the farm.
Sylvia smiled contentedly.
"Despite what you've said about some very close encounters, I think you're quite a reserved man. I like that. Out here, away from the office, we're equals. I hope you can live with that?"
"Sylvia, I never regarded you as anything less. Qualifications don't make the person. Some of the most impressive characters have run-of-the-mill jobs. My biggest regret is that we got off on the wrong foot. It took longer than it should have to get to know you, and I'm still not there yet."
Our conversation after that got more easy-going, but never strayed from everyday subjects. Neither of us flirted. There was an ever-present edge to the atmosphere; skirting around matters of a sensitive nature. We both felt it, but were too polite to venture there. Sylvia was still far more verbally teasing on home turf. The alcohol relaxed her social inhibitions. I was getting to like this version of her a lot.
By the end of the meal she was visibly tiring. The long afternoon ride had taken it out of me as well and, with the alcohol to follow it, I was ready for an early bed. Sylvia showed me to a guest bedroom. She looked drawn, and dropped no hint of offering sex, or even lesser intimacy. She didn't even offer a cheek for a chaste kiss. She was more suddenly more distant, or perhaps pre-occupied, than before. Two alter egos appeared to co-exist in her. I still didn't know what her problem was with sex. I hoped that all might become clearer the following day.
For my part, I didn't want one-way sex. It left me feeling cheap and selfish. If Sylvia could not get satisfaction, I would rather abstain. But I could not sleep that night. Nor, it turned out, could Sylvia.

~*~*~

Chapter 7. Sylvia's Revelation
It was after midnight. There was a gentle knocking on my bedroom door.
"Yes?" I said drowsily.
The door opened and Sylvia entered, wearing a long, shapeless tee-shirt.
"I thought I was tired but I can't sleep. My mind is whirring. Would you come and lie with me for a while?"
I sat up. "Come here first."
She offered a half smile, suspecting my motive. I threw back the summer quilt. I didn't mind her seeing me naked. I stared at the hint of her body shape beneath the lightweight teeshirt, whilst she watched my cock fascinatedly. It was responding enthusiastically to her close proximity.
I swung my legs over the edge of the bed. She smiled and straddled my thighs. It was an invitation, which I accepted by lifting her tee shirt enough to expose her body up as far as her luscious breasts. She completed the process by pulling the garment off her head.
"Sylvia, I know we may not be able to have sex, but that's no reason ever to hide that sexy body."
She gave a snort of a laugh, took my hand and tugged me onto my feet. "You'd rather I was naked all the time. I think you're quite like Sebastian, you're neither of you naturists - you're voyeurs and have sex on your mind all the time."
We lay side by side on her bed with her head on my shoulder. She played with my semi-hard cock with her hand whilst she told me of her home life and her increasingly strained relationship with her mother, Ruby. Pieces of the jigsaw puzzle began to fall into place.
"My father left us when I was fifteen. I had no inkling of marital problems. Their sex had always been noisy and seemingly energetic. My mother had always claimed to be a liberated woman, yet she was fearful of me hearing her having sex. She couldn't prevent it when I was growing up; the walls were thin. I never fully understood as a child what was going on in their bedroom, but I got the impression from the sounds that it was something violent and painful, like beasts in the wild on nature programmes.
"As I grew up, my understanding of sex was confused, filled with negative thoughts and feelings. Other girls fantasised and made up stories of perfect love, but all I could imagine was pain and torment. The sounds of my mother's lovemaking often sounded painful. Memories of my father's predatory attitude to my maturing body intimidated me, as if he were a wild animal seeking new, younger prey. It might have been more innocent than that, but my fertile imagination distorted a lot of my perceptions growing up.
"Soon after he left, she began to go out with Sebastian, who soon became my stepfather. Sebastian was a widower. He had inherited this farm from his father and lived here alone. My previous home with Momma had been my secure bolt hole from the world after my father left. Having to leave it as a teenager when my mother remarried was a wrench, even though moving here should have been like arriving in Paradise. I resented Sebastian. My mother became more distant from me, less understanding. I felt intense sexuality emanating from him with her, and even whenever he came near me. I kept my distance. It upset my mother who thought that I was simply being stand-offish.
"But as much as she was free with her body towards him, she grew stricter and more forbidding about my boyfriends, even with me staying out late with girlfriends. If anything, she reinforced my complex about sex.
"I left home as soon as I could at sixteen, and got my first job as a trainee auditor. I had good 'O' Level grades, you see. I lied to my employers about my home life. I was actually sharing a flat with older school friends.
"The first time I came home to visit my mother, it was on impulse. I hadn't called ahead. It was meant to be an attempt to mend bridges. I didn't plan to stop overnight. I wasn't driving then, so I arrived in a taxi I couldn't afford. They must have heard it because of the diesel engine clattering loudly in front of the farmhouse. I thought one of them would come out, see it was me, and pay off the fare. They didn't. I exhausted all my cash paying it, and knocked on the front door as the taxi drove off. Sebastian opened it, grinning broadly. He was stark naked.
"I remember that moment in pin sharp detail. He looked me up and down. I felt like his eyes were undressing me; I suppose my tight clothing helped. I tried to maintain eye contact, but I was aware of movement further down his body. I glanced down, and saw his cock nodding slowly with a full-on erection. He merely looked down at it and smiled, saying, 'Take that as a compliment'. I felt my pussy tingle. That upset me."
"My mother appeared behind him. She was naked as well. It was the first time I'd seen her like that since I was a child.
"I said resentfully, 'you could have paid the taxi'. Of course, Sebastian's answer was that he 'didn't have any pockets'.
"My mother said, 'Darling, it's so good to see you. But why didn't you warn us you were coming? I would have told you that I now share Sebastian's naturist lifestyle. I hope it isn't too much of a shock for you?
"It was by way of explanation, but I interpreted it as implying that my arrival was inconvenient.
"They stayed naked all the time during my visit. My mother explained that they often worked on the farm in the nude, whilst I was at school; encouraging me to get holiday jobs as a teenager, to keep me away from the house during the daytime. I had thought they were trying to exclude me. It turned out that they just wanted to enjoy the nude lifestyle whenever they could, without offending me. They must have known that it would unsettle me. Apparently, the farm hands got used to their lack of clothes and sometimes even joined them, working in the nude.
"When I met Alfie, I quickly moved in with him. I insisted on getting married first, so he took me to Gretna Green, where we could marry at sixteen, no questions asked. But I didn't love him. I wanted security and he gave me it - at a price. I didn't know much about him. I found out too late that he was a selfish pig of the first order. He wasn't considerate about sex, and I never had an orgasm with him."
"Is that why you can't have orgasms?"
"I don't know. I think it's more complicated than that. Doctors have been no help. So now, all I can say is that I spend a lot of time thinking about it, particularly since I met you."
"Were you attracted to me?"
"Not at first. I started getting turned on the more we talked in the office, when we were on our own. You held back, and I had to encourage you to open up. I devised ways for you to show interest in me. I started having sexy dreams about you in bed. When you suggested we play badminton, I went out and bought the tightest shorts I could find. They're actually hot pants, not sportswear at all. Alfie was by that time so bound up in himself that he hardly noticed them, or he didn't care.
"They felt scandalously tight, hugging my bottom cheeks and cutting into my ass slit with the seam. I stuffed a tissue underneath to stop it showing a camel toe. That got dislodged during the game and I surreptitiously removed it. I felt incredibly turned on by the end of the match. I saw it in your eyes, too. For the first time in my grown-up life, I wanted to strip off naked on that badminton court, to show you my body.
"I had a sexy dream that night, of just that. In my dream, we were alone. I even imagined having a wet vagina and getting an orgasm. I hadn't, of course. I woke up to creamed panties. I lied to you the next day about still wearing the shorts, because I was still turned on and I wanted to tease you. I felt excited and in supreme control all that afternoon in the office; but my arousal was all in my mind. I knew I couldn't have proper sex with you. I would have hated it if you'd been as selfish as Alfie. But you restored my faith in men with your consideration."
There was nothing more to say. She rested her head on my shoulder until she drifted off to sleep. When her hand finally slipped off my cock, I went back to the guest room.

~*~*~

Chapter 8. Bareback
I woke in a strange bed, to Sunday morning sunlight streaming through the bedroom window. The cruck-shaped ceiling and exposed wall beams told me where I was. I had slept alone in a guest room under the eaves. I remembered our conversation, and that Sylvia had offered me her body. I had declined it, saying that it would be selfish to exploit her like that. I could be a self-righteous prig at times.
Sleep had been elusive, I had dreamt unsatisfactorily, and woken early. Sylvia filled my waking thoughts like no woman I had met before, but I didn't know where I stood with her. She was clearly obsessed about the idea of sex, but her emotions and feelings were obscured by mental health problems. Moreover, I didn't know what my feelings were towards her. I didn't know her enough even to begin to fall in love with her.
She was a contradiction, in her changeable looks, her unappealing office outfits, her alluring home clothes, her unwillingness to talk about herself, and in her confusing flips between teasing and remoteness.
I had pieced together a picture of a young woman escaping from an unspecified but difficult home life. I speculated that perhaps Sylvia had been abused by her selfish husband. That compounded problems caused by her mother's controlling influence during her adolescence, which led to her leaving home at the first opportunity. She only visited home now when her parents were not there, to look after the horses. Despite our lengthy discussions, I knew very little about what made her tick. She was offering me the opportunity to discover more. The question now was: how much more was there to reveal, and would she reveal it?
Distant sounds of her moving around somewhere downstairs dragged me from my thoughts. I washed, shaved and got dressed in jeans and a tee shirt. Sylvia was making coffee in the large kitchen. She was wearing the same tight white riding pants as the day before.
First order of the day was coffee, then we tended to the three horses in the stables. I learnt a lot about horse husbandry that second morning.
After the horses had been groomed and fed, and the gelding led out again into the paddock, we returned to the kitchen for a proper meal. It was a large room, bursting with mediaeval features, old red brick walls, interspersed with exposed beams, and a huge range fireplace.
Whilst Sylvia prepared a full cooked brunch she sang an ironic take on the lyrics "I Can't Get No Satisfaction," which might have been presaging the topic she wanted to talk about. I had never seen her so contented before. I moved up close behind her and nuzzled her neck as would a horse. Her hair was washed and full of body. She smelled of lavender. She responded by pressing her tight bottom into my groin. She shot me a contented glance over her shoulder. Her face was radiant and she looked very attractive.
Her conversation over breakfast was all about her horses. It was as if she was filling the void which might otherwise lead to more uncomfortable topics. She moved on at last to the programme for the day.
"The weather forecast is good, so I thought we could do a longer ride. I do so miss the horses when I'm living away for work. You coped well yesterday on Honey, our gentlest mare. Honey is docile and will support you safely through a longer canter. Marshi is special though. I can trust her to do whatever is needed to cope with difficult terrain with very little guidance. She's my favourite.
"Why did you name her Marshi, what does it mean?"
She beamed, clear devotion in her eyes. "Sebastian bought her for me. We had an Indian farm worker for a time. He spotted her tolerant temperament and assured me that she would always look after me. He named her Marshi, which means tolerant in Sanskrit. But I should not exploit her tolerance by delaying our departure. She can get impatient being kept in the stable on a fine day."
She went off to prepare the mares as I washed up and cleaned my teeth. She was saddling them both as I entered the yard. I had eyes only for Sylvia's exquisitely shaped bottom, so tightly and accurately defined in her riding pants. I was enthralled to watch her as she moved confidently and efficiently preparing the horses for us. I helped her lift the saddles onto each horse, and held the tackle whilst she put it on them. She hesitated with Marshi's saddle, and paused, as if unsure what to do. Finally, she spoke what was on her mind.
"It's a lovely day and I feel deliciously naughty. We're alone on the farm, so I think I'll ride bareback today. I used to do it when I lived here and I adored feeling the horse between my thighs. She only needs reins and a bit. I suggest you keep to the saddle, though. You can make sure I don't come to any mischief. Here, let me watch you mount. That's good. Are you ready?"
My hopes had soared at the prospect of her riding bareback. But I was confusing riding without a saddle with riding nude on a horse's bare back. She kept her riding clothes on.
She used a box to mount Marshi without the aid of stirrups, although the mare was not a tall horse. "You may have to help me to remount when we're out in the woods," she warned.
I stood and watched her at close quarters as she swung one leg over the mare's back. Her riding pants stretched tightly over her bottom. Marshi whinnied as she settled on the mare's back, seemingly approving of the intimate embrace of her rider's body on hers.
"Why must you not be seen riding bareback?"
"I had riding lessons as a child and we owned two horses for a while in a commercial stables. My Mother later met Sebastian there through a shared love of horses. He was a visitor there buying tack. She disapproved of me riding without a saddle. She thought it too sensual - she was very protective of me as a child. I didn't understand what she meant, then. I was far too afraid to explore my sexuality as other girls said they had.
"Horses don't naturally enjoy being ridden with or without a saddle. They have to be trained, and they need to trust the rider, for the rider to get the best out of them. Your mount, Honey, will let almost anyone ride her, without complaint, but she is not as intelligent as Marshi.
"Some say it's harmful to ride a horse without a saddle, but this breed has been bred to have strong back muscles. Occasional rides without a saddle are fine, but prolonged repeats might cause problems. Anyway, I'm not that heavy, at least not as much as Momma or Sebastian. Marshi would let me know if she did not like it."
Sylvia led the way out of the stable yard. I followed behind, admiring her apparent oneness with her horse. Her splayed hips and bottom were taut. My cock stirred at the thought of her thinly covered pussy lips in those riding pants, stretched wide on her horse's back, nothing on this occasion to prevent the crotch slipping between her labial folds.
We rode at a strolling pace through the Gloucestershire countryside, following a fast-flowing stream. Our route afforded us a fine view through trees towards rolling hills. The warm Spring sunshine made the landscape all the more beguiling. But my view of Sylvia's bottom, stretched taut within her riding pants, monopolised my attention. Thoughts of sex never strayed far from my mind.
We stopped by a lake, fed in part by a small waterfall from a limestone cliff. As I helped her dismount, she swung a leg over Marshi's neck to face me, then slid down against my body as her feet searched for the ground. That brief contact made my excitement surge. She seemed to be feeling frisky.
She had packed a picnic lunch of cheese sandwiches and roast chicken legs, with red wine and water as accompaniments. We ate looking out over the lake. The sunlight reflected off its surface, adding to a wonderland landscape of pure natural beauty.
She had included two bags of fruit and carrots for the horses, for each of us to feed to our respective mounts. Honey was grazing when I approached her with my bag. She raised her head and regarded me carefully, then strolled towards me.
Sylvia laughed. "See, she likes you already. Horses are sensitive creatures, and you obviously pass the friend test with her."
It was still early in the year and the pool water would be cool, so we contented ourselves with freshening up our exposed areas of skin.
I gave the water a longing look nevertheless.
Sylvia chuckled. "Never mind, there'll be another opportunity another day."
The afternoon sun was warm, and Sylvia was in a playfully teasing mood.
"You rode behind me almost all the way. Was that through caution, or were you just admiring my bottom?"
I didn't want to admit the truth so said nothing.
"Do you like my bottom in these riding pants?"
The alcohol had loosened my tongue enough to chance my arm.
"I'd much rather see it without the pants."
She smiled thoughtfully, musing on that suggestion. The alcohol was mellowing her mood as well.
"Interesting that you should say that. I said I would ride bareback. How about I do it whilst being bare all over?"
The rhetorical question stunned me with its sauciness. My body reacted as if it had been jolted, and my spirits soared at the suggestion. An adrenalin surge made my body tremble with excitement.
I assumed her suggestion to be a signal for some steamy action. I moved towards her. Lust must have been written on my face because she stayed me with a raised hand.
"Hold your horses. I'm thinking only of riding in the nude, nothing else. I'll leave my clothes in a pile here, and collect them later with the Land Rover. Then you can help me mount, naked as the day I was born."
She quickly stripped off entirely. Out there in the sunshine the full eroticism of her body could be appreciated. Her face bore a dreamy smile at the prospect of imminent fulfilment of a fantasy.
Her skin was pale but flawless. Her breasts were well-rounded orbs tipped with generous nipples, surrounded by amber areolae. Her slim body contours were smooth, flowing lines, that accentuated shapely hips and that stunning bottom. She had shaved her pubic hair to an arrow that drew my eyes' attention to a suggestion of brown butterfly labial wings between her thighs. I had seen it all before in glimpses, but now I could appreciate it as a whole. She had the most perfect body that I had ever seen close up.
"Considering you say you have problems with sex, you don't appear to be embarrassed about showing me your body."
"Ha ha, I don't do this for every man. For you, I make an exception. I first saw you as a challenge. It was your shyness that first attracted me. You didn't try to flirt with me. Yet your eyes still seemed to undress me. I wanted to be undressed by them. Later, I wanted you to do it for real. The thought of it inflamed my passion, even though I shy away from exposing myself to most men.
"That's been part of my problem with Sebastian. I don't want him looking at me sexually. It feels creepy. But I like the way you look at my body. It makes me feel beautiful, and desirable."
"Sylvia, your body is astonishing. I can't believe how much so."
"That's probably because it reflects the way I feel. I don't want to attract men, except on my terms. Talking of nudity, Sebastian is a life-long nudist. He encouraged my mother to adopt his lifestyle. She took to it like a duck to water. The farm hands are used to seeing them naked, and are encouraged to do the same when safe to do so - ie, not when working farm machinery. They're a close-knit group. When I first went without clothes in front of Sebastian - I felt obliged to try and fit in on that occasion - he immediately got an erection. He laughed it off as normal and inevitable, being confronted by a young nubile female body. But he'd already touched me intimately before, and made lurid comments when we were alone. I didn't trust him so I asked them never to be nude when I came home. I never showed my body to him again."
"How did your mother react?"
"I told her of his touching me, of course. She shrugged it off, saying that it was just Sebastian being friendly. I got the impression that he's persuaded her into a more liberated lifestyle where such things are acceptable. She said that I should be more concerned at how men treat me as a woman. She was referring, of course, to Alfie."
Despite Sylvia's nakedness outdoors by the lake, it was I who felt embarrassed. My cock was bursting with pressure and was making an obvious bulge in my jeans. Sex was now almost constantly on my mind. I was too sheepish of my obvious arousal to look her fully in the eyes. She didn't help with the tantalising way she stood, with one knee bent across the other, with tilted hips and her breasts jutting out proudly. It just compounded my arousal.
She held my gaze and I saw triumph and pride in her eyes. They spoke to me:look at me, admire my body, desire me.Her face was radiantly beautiful, a transformation fed by her inner beauty. She revelled in her nakedness for me.
Never mind the face?Hardly relevant there; I was seeing it in its natural habitat for the first time. It was just as captivating as her body.
"Will you help me onto my horse?" she asked.
"Won't the horsehair on its back chafe your tender places?"
"It would ordinarily, on any other breed of horse. But Arabians have very soft, fine hairs on their fur. They've been bred to cope with warm climates. I've ridden bottomless before when alone, but only short distances. It can be dangerous without stirrups unless the horse is very placid. It can make my crotch raw to an extent, but the compensations are worth it. It turns me on and I feel very sexy."
I cupped my hands for her to place foot up into them. As she swung her right leg across Marshi's back she paused, rewarding me with a prolonged close-up view of her stretched pussy lips and wrinkled anal portal. That was a moment of pure bliss for me. I wanted to stop the world moving and gaze on her genitals forever. It provoked a wave of pins and needles through my entire body. I knew I would never tire of looking at her flesh, from any and every angle.
The sunlight glistened on her moistened vulva. She was evidently aroused.
"Won't Marshi sense your pussy lubrication on her back?"
Sylivia's crotch settled on the horse, and her parted labial lips kissed the bare back of her mare.
"My natural fluids will do her fur no harm. Look at her contentedness."
She bent forward at the waist, to rub her distended clitoris against the mare's withers. She gasped as her body was rewarded with a frisson of pleasure.
My already snug jeans got more uncomfortable at the sight and the thought of what she was doing with her crotch.
Sylvia didn't give me even a passing glance. Her mind was focused on her internal sensations.
"Waggons roll," she declared, good-humouredly.
She rode with her back arched and her bottom pushed outwards. Marshi needed little instruction with the reins or her rider's thighs. The horse decided what to do and Sylvia mostly acquiesced with that, provided it was in the general direction she wanted. She concentrating instead on enjoying the thrilling sensations of the ride transmitted through her crotch.
I followed her, spellbound by her gently bobbing bottom, and the occasional glimpses of her exposed vulva as her upper body tipped forward and her bottom rose. I suspected that Sylvia was actually accentuating her bounce to tease me, revelling in her explicit revelation. This was as much a performance for my benefit as an experience for her. She was careful, though, not to discomfort her beloved mare.
All around was silence, but for the muted friction of the horse's hooves on stones, and Sylvia's gasps of pleasure as the ride stimulated her clitoris. I fell into a sort of erotic dream world.
I moved alongside her to cast sidelong glances at her gently bouncing breasts. She caught my eye and laughed. Yet behind the smile was that strained look on her face again, the look of arousal. It made her expression sexy, her face beautiful.
I continued to stare at her. She turned her horse to face me. She looked flushed. She was breathing heavily despite the gentle pace of the ride.
"How do you feel about experiencing riding bareback as well?"
I looked around me, more to delay replying than to gain any comfort from my surroundings.
She guessed my thoughts.
"Don't worry about your clothes. We can collect them later with mine. This is a one-time-only offer; to enjoy this beautiful countryside absolutely au naturel."
"What do I do with the saddle?"
She giggled.
"Nothing. I want you to ride naked behind me, on Marshi. She's big and strong enough to take the weights of both of us at a gentle stroll; we're both relatively light. Honey will follow of her own volition. I'm suggesting you mount my mare with me."
I was instantly sold on the idea, but disbelieving. I undressed in a daze and she helped me up onto Marshi behind her. It felt awkward with my unrestrained cock pressed upwards against Sylvia's lower back. My balls rested precariously against her coccyx. My hands nervously bracketed her waist.
She turned her head to look at me. "I want this to be a memorable experience for us both. It will be a first for me as well."
"I can't say I'm surprised. Are you sure it's physically safe for Marshi?"
"Sure, she's a big, strong mare and we are both physically light. I know her well. When another horse went lame, she took two adults without complaint. I wouldn't over-work her, and she would complain anyway if she was not comfortable. I wanted to share this experience with you."
"How long have been planning this for?"
"Months, I wasn't sure before that I could trust you. This is a very special occasion for me. How do you feel?"
"It's utterly amazing - and arousing - just being naked behind you like this. Marshi's back feels firm under my bottom but not uncomfortable. I'm a bit worried about my balls getting crushed, though."
"Never mind, I promise that I'll be careful not to crush them by leaning back against them. I wouldn't want to harm your manhood in any way."
We set off at a stroll, Honey following docilely behind us. The underside of my balls rubbed against the fine hairs of Marshi's warm back. It wasn't how I had imagined such a ride to feel. There was a slight abrasiveness on my scrotum, but I was distracted by a sensual warmth inside me. Nothing harmful could surely feel so good? My arousal was building continuously now, in a slow burn sort of way. My erection tapped against the skin of Sylvia's lower back, despite me trying to maintain a slight gap between our bodies.
Sylvia was having similar thoughts. She sighed loudly and occasionally frigged her clitoris with her fingers.
"I can't feel your stiff cock but I can feel it throbbing. I know it's because of me."
"Do men's bodies arouse you?"
"Of course. I went to a friend's girly stag do. Her mates had hired a male stripper in a pub's upstairs function room. It got quite out of hand, though I suppose that's normal with all-female audiences. The naked stripper straddled me at one point and lifted my top. He rubbed his cock and balls against my exposed tits. I was braless, of course. He'd singled me out because of them. He later had sex with a bridesmaid."
"Did you want an orgasm?"
"Of course, but not in front of the other girls. Does talk like this arouse you?"
"It certainly does when you talk about sexy things. I've never indulged in anything like that with anyone else; never even spoken about it. But it's arousing, what you with naked and seemingly sharing my thoughts. Sylvia, you're the perfect woman, you know. There's only one thing missing."
She sighed loudly then replied, her tone wistful. "I know, your cock in my cunt."
The hairs on my skin stood on end at hearing those words. I felt suddenly giddyingly light-headed with a surge of hormones through my torso. I slipped my hands under her arms to her cup breasts. They felt heavy in my hands. My thumbs flicked her nipples. She groaned.
"How does it feel?" she asked.
I gulped, at the impossibility of appropriate words to describe my sensations. I responded lamely, "Feeling your breasts is making me delirious with desire."
"No, silly, riding bare on a horse."
"Oh, it's ... exhilarating -arousing - indescribable. How does it feel at your pussy?"
"Every time Marshi's body undulates, I lean forwards and her crest pressures my clitoris. I'm oozing moisture onto her skin. I doubt if she minds, though. She hasn't tossed her head or objected in any way. She's turned her head to look at me from time to time out of curiosity, probably at both of us."
I felt Sylvia's body stiffen, as if at a thought.
"How about I sooth your nether regions with my natural lotion? Snuggle up closer against me?"
"Is that possible? On a horse?"
She didn't answer. She angled her bottom forwards instead, and raised her bottom. Her bottom cheeks were spread, and I could see her stretched anal seam and a hint of her pussy lips. She reached between her thighs for my cock and eased her body towards it. Her welcoming lips dusted the head of my cock. I got the general idea and shuffled closer, trying not to squash my balls under my crotch. Suddenly, she was pressing against my pubic bone with me inside her. My glands were the first part of me to react, sending physical eddies across my pleasure centres. Then the squeezing sensation of my cock inside her vagina kicked in, causing flutterings in my stomach. I had been carrying a semi-stiff boner all morning. It now became a full-on erection.
We both sighed at the arousing feeling of my thick shaft high up inside her vagina.
"It's filling me with its thickness," she moaned, "it's wonderful."
Imagine having sex on a horse. One not only has to contend with the writhing of an aroused partner, but also to negotiate lateral movements of a powerful and wilful animal. Keeping my cock inside Sylvia's loins was one challenge; thrusting effectively and withdrawing in a timely manner was quite another. But the resulting sensations were well worth the concentration and exertion.
Having sex on a horse is no walk in the park. One is never fully in control, but that is part of the exhilaration to be gained from it. The overall experience is overwhelming on the senses, the compensations stunning.
This was my second penetration of Sylvia's body. The staging could not have been more unpredictable, more erotic. My brain was well aware of the physical risks or complications, but my body was alive like never before with sexual excitement and anticipation. Sex outdoors and far from detection is one thing; sex on the back of a horse is something else entirely. The feeling of danger, immense power under my girth, and the chance to sample the mysteries of a barely known and very sexy body from behind, all combined to overwhelm my senses.
The sun and slight breeze added greater awareness to the scintillating atmosphere. It was a truly once in a lifetime experience.
My ability to thrust was restricted. I had to rely on Sylvia pivoting her torso back and forwards on my almost vertical shaft inside her. She had to do all the work. Her vagina was masturbating my cock. So I could concentrate wholly on my internal sensations. The repeated bouncing of her bottom on my groin was sending my body crazy signals, inspired by monumental hormonal charges and electrical impulses. My body was reaching indescribable heights of arousal, almost beyond measure. Intense tingling feelings were developing rapidly in my shaft, something between an effervescence and an unbearable itch. I was compelled to try to counter-thrust to increase the friction and hasten a resolution.
This was no time for self-control. I was ready to let rip. Then Sylvia sat upright and called, "Whoa."
Marshi halted obediently. My cock pulsed within its moist moorings, like a train under full steam ready for the off from a station.
"Good girl," she said to Marshi.
I silently cried out inside, at that eleventh-hour deprivation of my first orgasm on horseback.
Sylvia turned her head to engage squarely with my eyes.
"I want to face you. I want to live my full fantasy. I need this to work. Will you help me?"
Did she even have to ask? Let's just get on with this.
My heart beat ten to the dozen as she manoeuvred her legs and hips around over the horse's neck, and swivelled her bottom to face me. Her upper legs were astride my thighs. I stared down at her gaping vulva.
Her exertions hadn't doused her desire. She was breathing heavily with eyes aflame.
She spoke rapidly, panting with excitement. "I'll lay back against Marshi's neck, then you can lean forwards and enter me again. I promise you, I won't fall off. Your body will help to anchor me. Just keep your legs balanced either side of her flanks."
Her breathing slowed and she smiled lasciviously at me. "Your cock inside me will pin me down. Now, penetrate me, and fuck me."
Her voice increased in cadence as she finished the sentence. Her thighs were splayed out invitingly, overhanging my thighs; her breasts and nipples pointing upwards provocatively. This was my voyeur's dream: a woman openly displaying herself in close-up for my delectation. My cock throbbed impatiently, to press on with delivering my climax.
She checked the secure resting place for her back, then her raised her legs skywards. They parted wide to open up her sex. If I leant forwards it would improve my angle of re-entry. I penetrated her eagerly, my cock reacting instantly to the tight grip of her vaginal muscles. Marshi stood motionless as if understanding the need for absolute stillness.
"Don't worry about me," mumbled Sylvia, "bring yourself. I'll enjoy the experience through you."
My brain struggled to yet again understand why she would be content to enjoy sex on a horse vicariously through her lover.
"Go on," she urged through gritted teeth, "do it!"
I obliged her - and myself. Access to that smoking body laid out naked and obligingly for my pleasure proved too much stimulation, for me to hold back. My thrustings resumed cautiously, then became more assured. My brain was receiving scintillating feedback from my loins, second time lucky. This position was so unique and utterly erotic that I found myself laughing with delight.
Then Marshi moved the sexual tension up a notch. She set off with slow, smooth steps, absolutely aware of the precarious load that she was carrying. That inserted a random component to my thrusts. New sensations set off fireworks in my head as the craziness of the location dawned on me. It added to my stimulation within Sylvia's vaginal walls. and the exotic eroticism of the moment.
The notion of sex in motion, and on the back of a horse, proved the ultimate trigger. I moaned loudly, to warn Sylvia of my impending climax. I wanted her to share my mounting pleasure vicariously. Yet it was impossible to express adequately in sounds what my body and mind were experiencing.
Sylvia stared up at me with rapt attention to the changing expressions on my face, as she concentrated her physical senses on the feelings within her love channel.
"Come for me," she urged loudly, "splatter your man juice everywhere inside me."
Such an explicit over-the-top comment spurred me on. She was staring at me, hungrily watchful of every facial movement, tracking the gamut of my expressions, the relentless course of my speeding progress towards an orgasm writ large on my face. My arousal was sky high. I was roaring at my body's upwards rush towards a mind-boggling climax. I could not hold back now even if I wanted. Spasms of pre-orgasmic delight coursed through my loins, warning of my imminent eruption. I shouted the urgency of my cock's predicament to Sylvia.
Marshi appeared to sense it; perhaps she smelt my pheromones? She turned her head to look back at us, and blew a long-drawn-out snort of conspiratorial approval through her nose.
The combination of the mare's undulating back, Sylvia's vaginal grip on my cock, and my own fit-to-bursting climax, all combined to propel my freewheeling body's libido upwards towards a deep and intense orgasm. As it hit me, the spasm expelled all the air from my lungs. My loud exhalation reverberated under the canopy of overhanging branches. Nature seemed to halt in its tracks, to listen in on a natural climax. I gave out a long-drawn-out gasp, and savoured a unique experience of orgasmic pleasure in the open air, on horseback.
I continued to thrust whilst I still could.
Sylvia stared up at me, wide-eyed as I continued to moan with the after-shocks.
Her mouth was locked in a half open position. Something was stirring at last in her exquisite body. I sensed her willing it to give her what she most craved. I held my breath, but she merely sighed and murmured, "That was so fantastic and sexy to watch."
"Were you close to an orgasm?"
She twisted her face in indecision. "I'm not sure. Something stirred down there, like a cap almost bursting off a bottle of champagne. But it's gone now."
"Oh, Sylvia..."
"No, it doesn't matter. It's good. I shared your excitement. It was thrilling."
My eruption had been over-powering, but brief. My energy felt spent and exhausted. The mental tension, and physical exertion of clinging to the horse's sides by my thighs and calves, had enervated me.
I slumped forwards against Sylvia's chest. Her engorged nipples felt good against mine. Marshi had halted again. Sylvia relaxed her backwards grip on the mare's shoulders and brought her arms forward to hug me. I pulled my head back and kissed her nipples. She groaned at their sensitivity. Marshi snorted heavily at being excluded from this post-coital celebration. Or was she perhaps reconciled to the shenanigans on her back but not entirely approving of them?
My head was spinning with the after-effects of my ecstasy. It had been the craziest, most fearful but exhilarating sexual encounter of my life. It was never to be equalled for its absurdity.
I straightened up and hauled Sylvia's limp body up against my front. Her legs were splayed out over my hips, her vulva sticky with her secretions of spent sperm.
"You have no idea how much that meant to me, to live a dream," she whispered, "thank you."
Something had stirred within her loins. I sensed that she was encouraged. The question now was where had that taken her on her personal quest?

~*~*~