I hope you read the other stories regarding Jenn and I and enjoyed them. This is another event that happened during the vacation that I took with Jenn.
Just to fill in the gap Tuesday was not very eventful. We delivered the load picked up the next one, flashed as we drove along and spent the night on a freeway ramp. Yes she and I did have sex.
Wednesday morning came and we drove to our next delivery which was at some company out in the middle of no where. We checked in and they had us park in what they called a holding lot. It was a big parking area surrounded by trees except the entrance in and out of the lot. Jenn backed the truck into a space facing the entrance/exit so we could watch the drivers come and go. We had to listen to their company channel on the CB to be called so we couldn't have fun with the other drivers while we waited except talking to drivers next to us.
After a few hours of waiting we heard them announce that they were shutting down for lunch and would be back in an hour along with directions on where we could go if we wanted to eat in the cafeteria. We saw a bunch of the drivers start walking towards the building but we decided that we would have a little picnic on the grass. We took a blanket and went to the back of the truck and picked out a nice quiet spot near the trees away from the trucks. We found a nice place by a tree with some bushes nearby. We laid the blanket out so that the bushes would block the view of people looking from the building.
Jenn was wearing her cut off shorts, T-shirt and boots. I was wearing a wrap around skirt, halter top and my ankle boots. We laid down on the blanket and started kissing and letting our hands explore each others body. I opened up the top of her shorts and slipped my hand inside and started rubbing her pussy. She pulled the string on my halter and let the top fall revealing my hard nipples and began sucking on them. Then I pulled at her T-shirt and lifted it over her head and started sucking on her nipples. I laid her on her back and got on top of her still sucking on her hard nipples with my ass up in the air.
We were enjoying ourselves so much we didn't realize someone was watching until we heard a woman say. "She does have a nice ass doesn't she?"
Jenn and I both looked to see a man and a woman standing there watching us. He was about 5'8", short black hair, wearing jeans and a muscle shirt and she was about 5'5", brown shoulder length hair wearing shorts and a V neck tank top which showed off her cleavage very nicely. Both looked to be in their mid twenties.
"Please don't let us stop you we love watching." He said to us.
"Oh yes we love watching. " She added in saying. "We're married and swingers. We love watching others and even watching as we're having sex with other people too."
Jenn and I looked at each other "Well come join us if you like." I said to them.
"You go a head babe, I'd love to watch you three women have some fun." He said and she kissed him then came over to the blanket with us.
The three of us were on our knees kissing each other then Jenn and I pulled the straps down off her shoulder and revealed her nice hard nipples. We each took one of her nipples into our mouth and started suckling them. The three of us were kissing and sucking on each others nipples as our hands explored each others bodies. We opened up her shorts and wiggled them down some and had her lay down on the blanket. Jenn got between her legs and pulled the woman's shorts off the rest of the way and started licking her pussy. I laid down next to the woman and started playing and sucking on her tits.
The woman spread her legs wider as Jenn began finger fucking her. I got up, lifted my skirt and straddled the woman's face. She grabbed at my hips and pulled my pussy down to her mouth and started tongue fucking me. I was watching Jenn and she had slipped three fingers inside the woman's pussy and was fucking her hard and fast. My pussy was grinding down on the woman's mouth as I squeezed and played with my tits. The woman was moaning and her hips were moving meeting the thrust of Jenn's fingers. I leaned back and spread my pink lips to let her husband have a better view of his wife licking my pussy.
I looked over at her husband who had his cock in his hand stroking himself as he watched us. I motioned him over to me and swirled my tongue over the head of his cock before taking him into my mouth. His wife was darting her tongue deep into my pussy fucking me with it as he fucked my mouth. Jenn was still fingering the woman and had started sucking her tits at the same time. Jenn had slipped four fingers into the woman and was rubbing her clit with her thumb. The woman began to shake and held Jenn's mouth to her pussy as she climaxed. Jenn licked up all the cum from the woman's pussy.
"He loves having his balls sucked." The woman said.
"Not as much as I love watching you get fucked." He replied to her.
"Maybe next time."
I thought to myself about getting the strap on and fuck her with it while he watched. Jenn finished cleaning the woman's and I motioned her to come suck the guys cock with me. The two of us took turns sucking him while his wife watched then I told them. "I'll be right back I need to get something out of the truck." I fixed my top then I got up and headed back to the truck. I put on the strap on and headed back over to the blanket. By the time I got back to the blanket he was laying on the ground and Jenn was sitting on his cock riding him with the wife next to Jenn sucking her tits.
"It's not a real cock but it gets the job done." I laughed as I opened my skirt and showed the strap on. The woman turned from sucking Jenn's tits to sucking the cock on the strap on.
"Fuck yes that will work great." He said.
I fucked the woman's mouth for a little while as Jenn was getting a cock rammed into her pussy. Then I moved the woman spread eagle over by her husbands head and had her use Jenn's shoulders for support as I bent her over and started fucking her giving her husband a perfect view of me fucking his wife. She and Jenn kissed as I rammed the cock deep into her wet pussy and her husband was reaching up rubbing his wife's clit.
Jenn started moaning louder and we all watched as she climaxed and covered his cock with her juices. He was still thrusting up into her until she slid off him backwards and laid on the ground. His wife bent down further and licked Jenn's cum off his cock as I continued fucking her. I held onto her hips tight and fucked her hard ramming the cock nice and deep. She began pushing back onto the cock taking it deeper as her breathing got shallow then she loaned loud and climax letting her juices drip down onto her husband.
Then she got down on all fours and started licking the cum from Jenn's pussy. Her husband moved up and got on his knees behind his wife slipped his cock inside her and started fucking her. I took the strap on off and straddled her back standing in front of her husband and pulled his head towards my pussy. He sucked on my clit and finger fucked me until I climaxed and shortly after that he filled his wife with his hot load of cum.
His wife then laid on the ground catching her breath letting his cock slip out of her. Jenn came over to him and starting sucking his cock. I got down on the ground and spread his wife's legs and started licking the cum from her pussy. I felt a hand grab my ankle and lift my leg up and turning me on my side. Her husbands cock was hard again and he straddled my one leg and got me in a scissor position.
Jenn was squeezing my tits and his wife was next to him kissing him and rubbing his chest. I felt his cock slide into my pussy as he held my leg up and started fucking me. I could feel the soft skin of his balls rubbing along my inner thighs with each of his strokes. He was fucking me nice and hard and his wife grabbed the cheek of my ass and spread me wide so she could see his cock going into me better. With all the attention my body was getting it didn't take long before I climaxed and covered his cock with my cum.
He continued fucking me for a little while longer before pulling his cock out and shooting his load over my pussy and tummy. Jenn and his wife immediately started licking the cum off of me and his cock. Once the two of them finished cleaning us up we all started to get dressed. We sat and chatted for a little while longer then all kissed and headed back to our trucks.
I hope that you enjoy the story and read the entire series as I can get it written. The events of the trip are done in order covering the week I spent with Jenn.