The sun had set and the lounge had began to fill up. "Nocturnal" was the premier lounge in all of Mumbai where everyday you'd find a crowd ranging from celebrities to high end business men. This had naturally become quite popular and soon become a place for the rich to find their partners for the night.
Indra was a tall and dusky man who sat across from the bar. He eyed the people entering the lounge calculating the attendance for the night. Indra was the owner of this establishment, the brains behind opening a burlesque lounge for the elite right in the center of the city. He was a popular man not just because of his lounge but also because of his good looks. Most of the men came to watch the burlesque dancers but all the ladies came to watch Indra. Rumored to be the most eligible bachelor he was notorious for keeping his relations and personal life a secret. This lounge was his baby and his life revolved around it, he'd even met Aicha here.
Aicha could hear the crowd filling up outside as she hurriedly put on her earrings. The last touch to her look for tonight. She did some final touches in the powder room and soon heard the emcee call her out to the stage. A young woman from Delhi who had come to Mumbai with the aspirations of becoming a movie star found herself here, but none of that mattered to her anymore, because she was damn good at this.
The curtain was lifted as the Nocturnal unveiled its main performer, Aicha. The room went completely dark, then a spotlight shone on the stage. Standing in the center was Aicha wearing a thick fur coat and a mic in front. Aicha looked up to glance at Indra, who was sitting at his designated booth, surrounded by women Aicha was sure she had seen as side actresses in some movies or in advertisements. She brushed the image off and started to sing.
Aicha had done this many times, she was a pro now. And not once had she fucked it up. Her routine was set, she'd start slow and warm the audience and then slowly up the tempo before unleashing all kinds of sexy at the crowd. Mid way through her set she caught the glimpse of a woman getting closer and closer to Indra. She had recently played second fiddle to the actress in a recent blockbuster but she was still stunning. Her heels wound all the way up to her knees and her dress hugged all her curves in the right manner. She was obviously trying to catch some eyes but the one that mattered to her was India's. This information hadn't been made public yet but Aicha and Indra had recently started dating, Indra recruited Aicha to work at his lounge for her breathtakingly beautiful looks but had ended up falling in love.
Annoyed by the actions of the woman in the stands, Aicha decided to skip the boring stuff and get straight to her piece de resistance. The lights flashed and off came her robe. On the stage stood a woman dressed in a corset pushing her breasts to the point of almost bursting and a panty piece that hugged her thicc ass so tightly it made the material stretch to the point of tear. Her six inch stilettos wrapped their way around her well above her thighs. A moment of silence was followed by a thunderous round of applause. Aicha was serene, the perfect mix between sexy and beautiful. She gave a glance towards Indra, puckered up her lips glazed with the sexiest shade of red matching her corset and panties and with a smirk blew a kiss at him.
She started her routine as she her body swayed to the tunes, her long hair swayed as she turned wrapped and swung herself around a pole. The things she was doing to that pole made any man wish he was standing in its place. This sudden outburst of raw sexiness had distracted the woman but due to all of this she began to notice the bulge that had started growing in Indra's jeans. Her hands drifted up to his thighs as she began squeezing his leg. A mixture of watching Aicha be sexy as hell and this woman's hand on his leg had made indras dick almost tear through the jeans. At this point Aicha decided it was enough and decided to do something about it.
Aicha got off the stage, her ass bulging with each step she took and stood right in front of Indra. She kept her hands on his shoulders and sat on his lap. She flicked her hair and looked straight in his eyes and she started moving her torso and grinding her ass on his now throbbing boner. The woman irked by Aichas actions clinged onto indras other shoulder, undid his shirt buttons and started running her hands over his bare chest. Indra sat there as this was going on and looked deep in Aichas eyes and nodded.
Aicha knew what that meant, in a swift motion she leapt off and undid indras zip, and let out a magnificent cock, repressed in those jeans for long, it immediately got rock hard as soon as it got the opportunity, Aicha slid her panties across and swallowed the dick whole with her pussy.
The crowds reaction was a mix of shocked murmur and loud cheers. This just spurred them on as now the spotlight shone on them. Aicha grinded her hips faster and harder, taking that cock deeper and deeper. The lights shining and all the eyes on her thrilled her to a point she never even imagined. Her kinks satiated and the cock working it's magic Aicha orgasmed and moaned as loud, the crowd cheered with her as she felt waves of pleasure as she her arms wrapped around Indra and clutched him hard. She resumed bouncing her hips up and down on indras lap and soon it was evident they were both about to cum, the crowd was cheering but in that moment the two of them were in a world of their own. Both of them knew what was about to happen and locked gazes. Indra was the one to cave in first as his cock pumped thick white fluid straight into Aichas bare pussy, this sensation instantly made Aicha cum as her pussy was now full of a mixture of their cums. In a moment of impulse Indra lifted aicha above his head, her legs wrapped around him and licked up all the cum from inside her, he put her down and locked lips and that instant the world knew, Aicha was the woman Indra really belong with.