While Kurt paid our cover charge, I surveyed the club. The lighting was low and sensuous. The dance floor occupied the middle of the room for easy access. Tables for four, more if you wanted to keep your new friends close, surrounded it. A long, well-lit bar is against the back wall.
The beat of the music, the movement of the laser lights cutting through the shadows, created a surreal atmosphere.
A group of ladies dancing, touching and stroking each other. Two men with a lady between them, bodies pressed tightly together, swaying with the music. Couples are dancing with hands exploring, and then they exchange partners. A new and exciting world is before me. A world where the rules had changed to fit the environment. I thought to myself, 'Dorothy, you're not in Kansas anymore.'
Kurt and the hostess came to my side. Kurt took my hand and placed it on his forearm.
"Hello, I'm Jill, your hostess. Kurt mentioned that this is your first visit. May I tell you about the club?" Jill spoke with a smooth Texas accent.
"Yes, please, fill me in.."
"To begin with, this is an off-premises swingers club. You'll see some kissing and heavy petting, but intercourse and oral is not allowed. You'd be surprised at the number of people that stumble in here, not knowing the nature of this club." She smiled.
Jill continued, "Our customers are good people and very respectful. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. Our main rule here, as elsewhere, is No means No." She paused. "Do you both understand?"
We both concurred, and in unison said, "Yes."
Jill looked directly at me and said, "Honey, do you see the gentlemen at the bar? They come to this club for your pleasure, both in here and if you take them home."
I turned my head and looked over to the gentlemen seated at the bar. Some were staring at the dance floor, and others were looking around the room. One caught my eye and smiled, then nodded. I returned the smile.
Jill continued. "The single gentlemen can't leave the bar area without a lady escort. It is up to you to approach them. I promise you they will welcome your advances."
"You can dance with one or bring him back to your table for some conversation. If you desire, take him home for a No Strings Attached night of fun and frolic. Otherwise, you have to return them to the bar. OK?"
I nodded my head, and said with a smile in my voice said, "This club certainly presents some interesting possibilities...I take it that a woman owns this club?"
Jill smirked, "Yes, co-owner, and she is the manager of the club too. Do you have a preference as to where you would like to sit?"
"Somewhere near the bar and facing the dance floor. Kurt wants to watch me dance and flirt with some new friends tonight. I don't think it is the best idea, but it just might be fun."
Jill scanned the area and said, "I have just the table for you. Follow me." She led us to a table where a couple was already seated.
"Kurt and Abby, please meet Bill and Chris. These are two of our favorite customers. I will send over a waitress right away." Chris wore a black cocktail dress with a plunging neckline. She was an attractive blonde with large, firm breasts that were proudly on display. Bill was handsome with a touch of grey across his temples. He wore a sport coat and an open collar.
"I haven't seen you two here before, is this your first time at the club?" Chris asked as she gently placed her hand on my thigh.
"Yes, this is our first time here. We don't make it to Houston often," Kurt said.
A lady came to the table, "Good evening, I'll be your waitress tonight. What can I get for y'all?"
I wanted something a little stronger than wine to loosen me up. "I'll have a screwdriver, please."
The waitress took our orders and left to get our drinks.
A case of the nerves hit me as the reality of being in a swinger's club sunk in. I felt like a deer in the headlights wanting to flee, but I was frozen to my seat. I leaned over and whispered in Kurt 's ear, "I'm nervous now. Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Darling, don't be nervous. Relax and enjoy the night. Give yourself a chance to experience what this club has to offer."
"I feel so naughty sitting in a bar dressed like this, contemplating doing, god knows what? Being in this place, expose the way I am, arouses and excites me but surprises me a bit too."
Our drinks arrived, and I drank mine quickly, I found the liquid courage refreshing. Kurt ordered me another drink as we made small talk with our new friends, Chris and Bill.
"So how long have you two been into the lifestyle?" Chris asked, casually.
"Lifestyle?" I questioned.
"Yeah, you know, swinging?"
I could feel myself blush at the question. "This is the first time we have been to a club like this."
Chris giggled and smiled, knowingly, "Well, then what brings you to a swinger's club?"
"Please excuse me. I am more than a little nervous tonight. It's Kurt 's birthday, so he bought me this outfit, specifically to bring me here to dance and flirt with other gentlemen."
Bill chimed in, "So you're on a sightseeing tour then? I do understand. You selected your location well. This establishment is known for attracting quality gentlemen. I know I enjoy watching my wife dance with appreciative partners."
"So how long have you two been doing this?" Kurt asked.
"Oh my, for nearly twenty-five years, since before we were married," said Bill.
Chris added, "I believe it has brought us closer together. We both have fun here, and it gets even more exciting when we get home."
I took a sip of my drink and started to relax. I found myself liking this couple. I enjoyed the openness, confidence, and sense of humor the couple possessed.
Chris turned to my husband, "Kurt, I'm going to borrow Abby for a moment and introduce her to a few of my friends at the bar. I know they'd love to get acquainted with your beautiful wife."
Kurt stood and motioned his hand towards the bar and said, "Be my guest. Just take good care of Abby for me".
"Oh, I promise you, I will."
"Kurt, order me another drink, please," I said as Chris led me away from the table and toward the bar.
Letting my eyes wander over the men sitting at the bar caused my pulse to quicken. The choices presented were tastier here than a trip to Baskin Robbins. I bellied up and ordered another screwdriver. Taking a sip, I decided I was going to go follow through with this fantasy.
Chris said, "All of these men are waiting for you, Abby. Have you decided who will be the lucky man? If not, I have a few personal recommendations for you."
"Thank you, but let us save the best for last. A gentleman caught my eye after we came in. I want to dance with him first." I scanned the row of faces again, locating the gentleman with a sparkle in his eye.
I walked over to the handsome, powerfully built man. If I had to guess, I would say he was at least a decade or more younger than me. His shirt was form-fitting and accentuated his muscular chest and broad shoulders.
I started to ask him for a dance, but Chris spoke up, addressing the gentleman I had approached, "Adam, I'd like you to meet my new friend, Abby. It's Abby 's first time at the club. She's a novice of sorts, so don't scare her away."
"Abby, Adam is a very close friend. We've enjoyed many an evening together, haven't we big boy?" Chris laughed as she leaned in to give him an affectionate but not overtly sexual kiss and a hug that was only a few seconds longer than proper.
Adam stood up and shook my hand before leaning in and giving me an innocent kiss on the cheek. "I am so very pleased to meet you, Abby. You are a strikingly beautiful woman."
Noticing the ring on her finger, Adam continued, "You caught my eye when you and your husband entered the club. I was hoping to get a chance to meet you tonight. You are lucky the hostess sat you at the table with Bill and Chris. They are a fun couple and wise beyond their years."
I looked over at Kurt and saw that he was watching intently. I could not discern, from his expression, precisely what he was thinking.
"Yes, I came with my husband, Kurt. Would you like to join us at the table and meet him?"
As soon as I spoke the words, I felt foolish.
But Adam surprised me. With a level of confidence and poise that I found alluring, Adam replied, "I would love to meet a man fortunate enough to be your husband."
As we turned to walk back to the table, Chris took Adam's arm and pulled him towards her.
She whispered in his ear, loud enough for me to hear, "Now take good care of this lady. It's her husband's birthday, and he would like to watch his gorgeous wife enjoy herself dancing with some attractive men."
"You know, I will. Thank you for bringing this lovely lady over to meet me. We three need to get together again soon. It's been too long."
With that, Adam guided me back to my table, his hand resting comfortably on the small of my back. Chris followed closely behind.
Kurt stood as we approached. Kurt was taller and had broader shoulders, but Adam appeared to have spent some time fine-tuning his body in the gym. "Honey, this is Chris's friend, Adam. Adam, this is my husband, Kurt."
The two men shook hands and exchanged pleasantries. Adam waved our waitress over to the table. "I understand this is Kurt 's birthday. Please bring the table another round and put it on my tab."
"Would you like another crown and coke, too?" The waitress asked Adam.
Adam turned to Kurt and asked, "Would you mind if I joined you at your table.?"
"Not at all. Please do," Kurt said as he pulled up a chair for Adam to join us.
Adam answered the waitress, "Thank you for asking, yes, please."
I was anxious, sitting between these two men. However, they seemed genuinely comfortable in each other's presence. How could my husband be so relaxed, chatting with a stranger he knew would soon fondle, caress, and attempt to seduce me.
I silently sat snugly between my husband and my new friend while they chatted for several minutes. Kurt continually massaged myupper thighas we spoke.
I was sure that I knew what Kurt wanted to happen tonight. I was becoming excited about the possibilities of what could.
Adam turned to Kurt and asked, "Would you mind if I danced with your lovely wife? One of my favorite songs is playing. I promise I will bring her right back to you."
Kurt 's face lit up. "Not at all. Tonight is her night. Please enjoy yourselves on the dance floor."
I noticed Kurt's eager anticipation before I went to the dance floor with Adam. I needed no further assurance. I leaned over and kissed my husband before saying, " Kurt, this is your last chance; are you sure you want me to do this?"
" Abby, I'm so aroused. Please, don't pull back now. Don't stop."
"Alright, if you are sure." I paused before asking the next question. " Kurt, what are the rules?"
Kurt looked puzzled like he didn't understand the question.
"Kurt, how far am I allowed to go? Seriously, you are sending me out on the dance floor with a gorgeous man, dressed like this. How far do you want me to take this? You need to know I am doing this for you, but I intend to enjoy myself while doing it."
"Abby, you can go as far as you desire. Push your limits tonight, darling."
I sighed and said, "I hope you know what you're doing. Are you sure you can still handle what might happen? You can stop this now before we reach the point of no return."
"I want you to let your inner vixen out to play," was all he said.
I was scared, but I was determined to test his limits. I was going to find out if Kurt really could handle seeing me with other men, after all of these years of marriage. 'Let's see how he likes watching me respond to another man's touch.'
Adam and I danced to a fast song. Initially, Adam was a complete gentleman on the dance floor.
The next song was a slow ballad. Adam pulled me into his arms and held me tightly. I glanced over at Kurt, who nodded his approval when we made eye contact. It was then I knew that he wanted me to take a lover on the dance floor while he watched. I didn't fully understand it, but from that moment forward, I was willing to accept the fact that he genuinely desired this. I nuzzled into Adam 's arms, pressing myself into his body. I placed my arms around his neck and pulled him close.
I could feel Adam's cock throbbing against my stomach as I held him tightly. I loved the fact that a youthful and attractive man was getting aroused by merely dancing with me. I loosened my hold and brought my hand between us. I started caressing his chest. I found his nipple and teased it between my fingers. I left no doubt about my desires.
My mouth found his ear, and I cooed, "I like the firmness of your body. I take it that you work out regularly?"
"Yes, several times a week," was his response.
"I can tell," I reached down, felt the muscles in his ass, and squeezed, causing him to flex forward impulsively. I felt the full length of his cock run up my abdomen.
I purposely did not look over at my husband's table. I felt like an actress in a play. I was playing for an audience of one, but I needed to focus my full attention on the aroused actor holding me, rather than focus on my husband. I immersed myself in my role within this fantasy. My part is that ofa married housewife. A married housewife encouraged to enjoy the attention and affection of a handsome and sexually charged man. I savored the role that I appeared destined to play.
Adam slid his hands down and cupped my ass. I sensed that he was surprised to feel my bottom and learn I was not wearing any panties. I moaned into his ear, "I like your hands caressing my ass," as I pressed my crotch into him and straddled his muscular thigh. His hands started to knead my posterior, and a moment later, his strong arms started rocking me up and down his thigh.
I lifted my head and looked into his eyes. I placed my mouth inches from his lips, inviting him to kiss me. Adam readily accepted the invitation. He kissed me gently at first. I opened my mouth to take his tongue, and soon we were necking and grinding on the dance floor, oblivious to those around us. Adam raised one hand, his fingers trailing up my side, slowly approaching my breast. He wanted to test if I would rebuke him for attempting to feel me up on the dance floor. I didn't.
His hand slowly caressed the side of my braless tit before carefully finding an erect nipple.
I broke our kiss just long enough to moan, "Oooh, that feels nice."
Adam correctly interpreted my response as permission to touch me anywhere. His hands were all over me as we kissed and pressed against one another. I moaned encouragement. I slid my hand between us, grabbing his upper thigh before slowly finding his erect penis. The bulge in the front of his trousers was more massive than Kurt 's. Adam had more girth and length than I had ever taken. I couldn't help but wonder what he would feel like inside of me.
He pushed his penis against my palm. It throbbed, straining down his pant leg, trying to get out. It throbbed again as I stroked the shaft up and down a few times, I whispered, "Oh my, you're a big boy. You carry a very nice package in there. You're bigger than my husband."
"You flatter me Abby, and like the Hulk, I'm about to bust out of these pants, if you keep that up," Adam grinned.
"You do seem to be enjoying yourself," I teased back. I wondered if Kurt could see me well enough to know I had another man's cock in my hand.
When the music ended, Adam escorted me back to my table. I wrapped my arm around his waist and leaned into his robust frame as we walked together. Kurt had a glazed look on his face as he watched us approach.
Part of me wanted to have a few minutes alone with my husband, to gauge his reaction, to verify that he was still okay with our game. On the other hand, I felt that Kurt had set this adventure in motion. 'If he is having second thoughts about this... now is his time for some serious introspection and to speak up.'
His previously shy, and faithful wife had rediscovered a side of her sexuality that she once found fun, and was determined to explore further. Part of my excitement was the thought that my husband was watching and getting excited, seeing that a young man found his wife so irresistibly attractive--and that his wife was responding.
"Kurt, thank you for sharing your beautiful wife with me for a couple of dances. You are a fortunate man indeed," Adam remarked as he held my chair for me. "Abby, thank you for the wonderful dances. You truly are a beautiful and sensual woman. I hope you'll give me another dance before the evening is up."
"Oh, I definitely will. Please sit down and finish your drink," I encouraged, motioning to the chair next to me.
Adam politely asked for Kurt 's approval, "Are you okay if I stay and finish my drink here? I don't want to overstay my welcome."
"Absolutely. Please do. It looked like you both enjoyed yourselves out there," said Kurt.
"I certainly did. Adam is a wonderful dancer. And I could tell he enjoyed it too, a lot," I teased.
Sitting between my husband and new friend, I had my hands on the thighs of each man. I felt wicked, naughty, and yes, very desirable.
The drinks I had consumed had me feeling giddy and very sexy. The two men chatted for several minutes, as I shamelessly massaged the length of their inner thighs. The alcohol had sufficiently lowered my inhibitions. I was flirting with both men, sending clear signals to both about my aroused state.
I allowed my right hand to slowly wander up Adam 's inner thigh such that my palm was resting on the head of his cock, which throbbed in my hand. With each throb of his cock, I squeezed the head harder. I kept my hand in a position where his penis would stay in contact with my palm, every time it throbbed, I responded. God, I loved teasing him so.
"Kurt, would you mind if I danced with your lovely wife one last time?" Adam asked.
"I think Abby would like that very much, wouldn't you, darling?"
"Yes, I would," I replied as I gave the pulsing head of Adam 's cock a quick squeeze before leading my new friend to the dance floor.
Adam was encouraged now, fully confident that his advances would be accepted and enjoyed by both Kurt and I. We necked, we caressed each other, and I humped on his thigh for part the song, utterly oblivious to those around us.
Adam took me into his arms. I rested my head upon his shoulder. Slowly dancing in a circle, we moved toward our table. I knew that we were close enough so that Kurt could enjoy the show. On the next beat, Adam kissed me, a gentle kiss at first. Our tounges began to circle, exploring one another.
In dance, we moved to the side, directly in front of Kurt. Adam dipped me, holding me secure in his one arm. With his other hand, he traced a path over my stomach upwards to my breasts and began massaging them. One breast at a time, using the palm of his hand, he circled my breasts, causing the silk of my blouse to caress my nipples. He then squeezed each nipple, eliciting a whimper from my lips.
Adam's fingers traced it's way back over my stomach and continued their descent. His fingers moved deftly to separate the slit in my skirt. He placed his hand on my shaven pussy. I began to moan in anticipation.
Adam gently moved his thumb beside the hood of my erect clit and positioned two of his fingers at the entrance of my pussy. Dipping his fingers in slightly in me, he moved my lubrication up to my clitoris. Once again, I felt the insertion of his fingers into me. His thumb began massaging around the hood of my clit.
Looking up, I saw Kurt sitting right in front of us and rubbing his cock through his pants. I locked eyes with Kurt, and we both smiled, knowing that we are living our fantasy.
Adam's fingers were now moving in rhythm with the music, while his thumb kept circling my erect clit. I felt horny and excited at the same time. I started to rock my hips as his fingers plunged deeper into me. My body started to tremble, and I almost wailed out loud as I orgasmed.
Adam raised me into his arms, resting my head on his shoulder while I regained my composure. The song had ended, and Adam escorted me back to our table, and he sat down to finish his drink.
I was momentarily spent, but not yet sexual fulfilled. I was ready to thank Adam for a beautiful evening, say goodbye, and have Kurt take me back to our hotel and fuck me soundly.
I thought to myself, ' Kurt 's plan worked perfectly. He used another man for foreplay, and his naughty little wife was now ready to give her husband the birthday fuck of his life back at the hotel'.
I can't believe I had not fully anticipated what happened next.
Adam leaned forward and said, " Kurt, I hope I am not too forward here, but I must confess, I am very attracted to your wife. I have a condo a few miles from here. I would love it if you both joined me there for the evening."
I noticed that Chris smiled, almost enviously, that her introduction led to this outcome.
I looked at my husband with a bit of shock and confusion. I had agreed to come to the club, dance, and even get a little frisky on the dance floor, but what Adam was proposing was something entirely different. I was not prepared to make that leap.
Before I could express my reluctance, my husband offered, "That might be fun. Would you let me discuss it with Abby?"
"Certainly. I'll leave you two alone to discuss things and go back to the bar. Regardless of whatever you decide, I have enjoyed meeting you both. Abby, promise me you won't leave without at least saying goodbye? Promise?"
I looked at Kurt before answering. He nodded to me, indicating his approval.
"Okay, I promise. I won't leave without saying goodbye."
With that, Adam arose, took my hand, kissed it, and returned to his place at the bar.
Kurt leaned close to me and whispered, "I think we should accept his invitation."
"Kurt, this is more than I agreed to. We're both going to wake up tomorrow and regret this..."
Kurt interrupted me, " Abby, tell me the truth. How did you feel dancing with him?"
"That's not fair. That's different. It was safe on the dance floor. Things couldn't get too far out of hand. I was putting on a show for you." My last comment was only partially true.
"But how did you feel?"
I lowered my eyes and confessed, "Very sexy and very aroused."
"Okay, here's what I want you to do. Go to the bar and talk to him. Give him the sexiest kiss you can. And then whatever you decide to do tonight will be fine. I promise."
"Right now, I'm horny as hell. Give me a few minutes to think and meet me by the door."
Kurt rose and went to close our tab. I lowered my eyes in contemplation for a few moments.
I raised my eyes to meet Bill and Chris's gaze. I looked towards the bar and back again, sighing. Chris turned, considered Adam, then met my eyes and smiled with anticipation. Bill took it all in, smiled, and rubbed Chris's upper thigh. I nodded in approval. An unspoken arrangement was made.
Chris took Bill's hand and said, "I love you, Darlin. Give Abby one of our cards, please." Bill did and told me to look at it later.
Adam smiled as he saw me approaching him. I stepped between his open thighs and placed my hands on his shoulders, caressing his neck. "Would you kiss me, please?"
Adam placed his fingers under my chin and raised my face. I opened my mouth as our lips met, and I sucked his tongue into my mouth. My right hand rested in his lap, feeling his erection pulse.
After forty or fifty seconds of passionate necking, I broke off the kiss. I said, "I have never done anything remotely like this before. You have made me feel so sexy and desired, but I'm not ready to go any further than that tonight."
"Not quite the outcome I hoped for, but I understand. Thank you for keeping your promise to me."
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Chris approaching the bar with perfect timing.
I turned, started walking away, taking out my phone out to call an Uber. I took a deep breath and went to talk to Kurt.
Kurt asked, "Is he coming home with us?"
"Not tonight, honey. You and I shared the fantasy we created, and I discovered that I like playing your vixen. I enjoyed feeling wanted and desired. Now I'm horny as hell. Take me back to the hotel. I want you to fuck me good and hard tonight. Then I want you to make love to me in the morning."
Kurt stared into my hungry eyes, and then slowly smiled. I could almost see the new erotic scenarios tiptoeing through his mind. As we left the club, I knew our journey had just begun.