Ch. 9: 'Dana's' 25th Celebrations
Author's notes:
1. This story follows on from my previous story 'Mixed Emotions' in which the characters are introduced and developed. It is strongly recommended that 'Mixed Emotions' is read first.
2. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
3. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
4. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
After dinner the kitchen was quickly cleaned up and everyone went to make themselves presentable for the celebrations at 'Dana's'. As they dressed in their sexiest finery, with split skirts, low cut dresses, short miniskirts and other revealing costumes they all looked forward with great anticipation to the night ahead. They congregated in the main lounge and then filled several minibus shuttles, each one leaving as it was filled. The house was not locked, the babysitters still being in residence, so there were no concerns about people returning at different times.
Once they arrived at 'Dana's' they were greeted by an atmosphere of celebration. The staff on duty welcomed them as the foundation members of an exclusive club. The guys cast appreciative looks at the beautiful, scantily clad dancers, imagining how they would feel dancing on their cocks as well as on the stage and comparing them with the women who accompanied them as guests. Each person was given a card with a number on it, blue cards for guys, pink for gals, the purpose of which would be revealed as the evening progressed.
They were shown to a specially reserved area to one side of the long platform which almost cut the room in two and allowed many more men to obtain close-up views of the strippers. Topless waitresses with short miniskirts and either skimpy G strings, C strings or no panties circulated with beer and champagne, also taking orders for other drinks as required. The guys found that they were very amenable to having their thighs, breasts and pussies fondled, which was great except that it increased the time for service. The general consensus was that it was worth the wait. Several of the waitresses were enticed to cum by the erotic atmosphere along with some judicious clit rubbing by the guys.
Also waiting on tables were some hunks of guys to titillate the imaginations of the women in the party. They also were topless, with well-developed six packs. They wore tight trousers with zipped flies over their bulging cocks. A novel feature of their trousers were the large and prominent handles of the zippers, which women soon found were easy to open, providing access to the goodies inside which were unencumbered by ant form of underwear. After several attempts at rezipping their trousers, the waiters soon found it easier just to leave them permanently down with their cocks hanging out. This proved to be too much for one waiter, who came copiously while being gently massaged by Trudi. After that it became a challenge to see who could make their waiter cum. Several women succeeded before the waiters were called away to prepare for their acts.
After the initial rounds of drinks had been served to both the VIPs and the other attendees, seated in the rest of the auditorium, most of the waiters and waitresses were called backstage to prepare for the entertainment.
At 9pm sharp the MC appeared on stage, dressed as the waiters had been but with his fly still zipped, flanked by two gorgeous strippers wearing very brief lacy bras and miniskirts split up the sides.
"Ladies and gentlemen," he began, "Welcome to 'Dana's' 25th anniversary celebrations. What a night of entertainment we have for you tonight. But first I would like to introduce Marcie, Greg and Pam, the three remaining drivers of the original 'Dana's' strip club and brothel. Please welcome on stage Marcie, Greg and Pam."
Marcie, Greg and Pam walked onto the stage, Marcie in a long black evening skirt, split up the front from floor to waist and overlapping slightly, showing the black G string she wore beneath it whenever she moved. Her top consisted of a black half-cup bra beneath a sheer black fine mesh top through which her red painted nipples were clearly visible. Pam was more conservatively dressed in a charcoal dress with a deep cleavage and slit from floor to waist up one side. Greg wore black trousers and a white linen shirt, unbuttoned to the waist. Marcie took the microphone that the MC handed to her.
"Good evening ladies and gentlemen," she began. "It is my very great pleasure to welcome all our visitors here tonight. Thank you for coming on this very special occasion and thank you for your patronage in the past. It is also my pleasure to welcome to the new 'Dana's' our extended family, many of whom were dancers, strippers and prostitutes in the original 'Dana's'. We are also having a very special weekend together celebrating two birthdays as well as the anniversary.
"I must also mention David, Pam's husband and the fourth member of the original group. He unfortunately passed recently but I am certain that he is with us tonight in spirit.
"We have come a long way in 25 years both as people and as professionals. 'Dana's' has been accepted into the community, by some I know as a necessary evil, but we have also extended our services to include sexual education, sexual and relationship counselling and therapy, and both therapeutic and sexual massage services, as well as the more obvious applications of erotic entertainment. It is our intention that these services will continue to grow in scope and will keep pace with the growing demand for such community services.
"So it gives me great pleasure to declare the anniversary celebrations open and to wish you all a very enjoyable evening. And, as we always say here, make sure you come again. Thank you."
Amid the applause, Marcie handed the microphone back to the MC.
"Thank you Marcie and all those who started and worked in this venture. We know tonight that we have a very hard act to follow and realise that you will probably be sitting there in judgement. However, I believe that we have a class act and I also understand that many of you will be providing some entertainment during the evening, keeping your hands in, so to speak. So for our first act I present for you the sexiest twins I know, Lola and Abbey."
Marcie, Greg, Pam and the MC left the stage as the house lights dimmed and two spots followed Lola and Abbey as they entered from opposite sides of the stage. They proceeded to perform a dual striptease, stripping each other as they pranced around the stage, pole dancing, parading along the catwalk showing all their charms to the audience and finally gently whipping each other on their pussies with multi-tailed pussy whips. As they left the stage they received a moderate ovation.
The MC then announced the next act, a line dance in which the four girls slowly stripped, ending up in tiny G strings which they then chose members of the audience to remove with their teeth. The music was loud and pulsing and the whole performance was very raunchy and obviously enjoyed by the entire audience.
The MC then appeared on stage and explained the cards. "As you entered you were each given a numbered card. We also have these cards in two barrels here, one for guys, the other for gals. We have several acts where we need the participation of members of the audience, you, and therefore we will draw out cards to suit the people we need. I would ask that you cooperate with the selectors and promise that aside from a slight amount of embarrassment maybe, you will suffer no ill effects. Later on we will also have some situations where we will call for volunteers. We will specify whether we require male or female volunteers but we will not necessarily be enlightening you about what the volunteers will be required to do. So that is slightly riskier, but can be a lot of fun. So for this first selection, we need two guys and two gals. The guys numbers are – 17 and 6, so if you hold blue tickets number 17 or 6 please make your way onto the stage. The gals numbers are – 23 and 11, so if you hold pink tickets number 23 or 11 please also make your way onto the stage."
Becks found that she had number 23. She and three other people stood and started heading for the stage, the other woman in particular appearing quite hesitant. All were between an estimated 25 and 50; all looked fit and healthy and were dressed in reasonably sexy clothing. As they walked onto the stage two male and two female strippers came onto the stage from the wings. Each stripper paired with a member of the audience of the opposite sex.
"Right," the MC continued, "Each of our audience members is going to strip a dancer. So each pair has a number and if that number comes up on a random number generator, the audience member will remove one piece of clothing from the stripper – with their teeth. Once the first dancer is naked, any further times that their number comes up, the dancer will remove a piece of clothing from the audience member until both members of one pair are naked, at which stage the game will cease. The winner is the pair who are both stripped naked first. One thing we do guarantee is that all dancers have three items of clothing, making it fair for everyone. However, we cannot guarantee how many items the members of the audience have, except to say it is at least one."
Becks thought ahead here. She knew she was wearing only two articles, her dress with a deeply plunging cleavage that she could not wear a bra under, and a tiny pair of lime green G string knickers. She could quite easily be stripped naked on stage, she realised. She felt a thrill of excitement travel through her body.
"There will be a prize offered to the audience member of the winning pair. OK, you all know how it works so let's have the pairs in order from left to right as 1 to 4. Roll the random number generator please."
Becks looked at the handsome dancer who was her partner. God I'd like to ride his cock to orgasm, she thought. Another shudder of excitement went through her as she thought of standing naked with him on stage, maybe kissing him as they won. She looked to see what number she was – three.
A near naked young female stripper pressed the button to roll the electronic dice. After a few seconds two was displayed on the screen. The guy from the audience in the number two pair knelt down and began pulling down the skimpy skirt of his partner, who assisted by turning as he worked it down over her hips. Eventually she stepped out of it and he was left with his nose in her G string covered pussy, accompanied by catcalls from the audience.
"Next number is ........number one."
The woman from the audience in pair number one started pulling her partner's shirt upwards. Again he assisted by turning himself and raised his arms and then bent over as she stood on tip toes to lift the shirt clear of his head. When his shirt was off he gave her a big hug.
The next number was three. Becks chose to remove his trousers first because she wanted to see what was hiding inside. She pulled them down with her teeth, kneeling on the floor in front of him and allowing him to turn so she could pull them down evenly all around. When he stepped out of them she was left with her face directly in front of his almost completely erect and huge cock, covered by thin nylon underpants. She leaned forward and kissed his cock through the fabric for much longer than was necessary. The crowd whistled and catcalled.
The next numbers were four, one, and two, leaving the girl in pair four in bra and G string, the guy in pair one in his nylon underwear, which did little to hide his erection, and the girl in pair two in a G string only. Becks hoped for a few number threes because she so wanted to be naked on stage with her stud.
The next number was three. Becks was tempted to remove his nylon briefs but instead removed his shirt. Amazingly the next number was also three, so she removed his nylon briefs, allowing his cock to spring out to attention. Without much thought she opened her mouth and engulfed his huge cock, straightening her throat from years of practice and swallowing it. Slowly she withdrew, allowing it to pop out, and looked at her guy's face, which was wide-eyed with surprise and appreciation.
The next number was four, leaving both girls in G strings only. This was followed by another four after which her partner stripped her completely, playing to the audience by giving her a sloppy kiss on her pussy. Then followed a two, which caused the other girl to be stripped naked and rewarded with a kiss on her pussy. Then, to Becks relief, a three turned up. Her partner pulled her shoulder straps down, exposing her naked breasts, which he spent several seconds kissing, then he drew down the skirt of her dress, leaving Becks standing in a tiny lime green G string. The audience clapped, cheered and whistled.
The next number was a one, resulting in the other girl having her dress removed by her male stripper partner, revealing a tiny bra and bikini panty set. The next two numbers were a two and a four, resulting in the two male members of the audience losing their shirts. Then came Becks' dream number – a three. Her partner carefully lowered her G string with his teeth, pulling it down all around and revealing her neatly shaved pussy. She turned slowly for the audience, amid cat calls and whistles, then crouched down, spreading her knees wide apart showing everyone her naked and wet cunt entrance.
"Thank you very much. Could the three members of the audience who still have clothing on please return to their seats and collect a voucher for a free drink as you leave the stage. Give them a big hand everyone."
They left the stage carrying their removed clothing and returned to their seats.
"Now, what's your name?" asked the MC coming over to Becks and her partner, now standing with their arms around each other, her partner obviously very aroused.
"Becks."
"Congratulations Becks. Aren't you one of the original strippers for 'Dana's'?"
"Yes, that's correct."
"That explains why you're so happy being naked on stage. So, as I promised you are the winner so you deserve a prize. You can choose what prize you would like. First offering is free drinks for the remainder of tonight; second offering is a free ticket for a Sybian ride; third prize is to be fucked by your partner on stage. Which will you choose?"
For Becks it was a no-brainer. She already had free drinks all night and could ride a Sybian whenever she wanted to. What she really wanted was her partner's fat cock reaming her love tunnel, and being done on stage was an added bonus.
"I'll take the third one please," she said.
The audience whistled, cat-called and cheered at this choice.
"Excellent," replied the MC, once quite had been restored. "You know, only about one percent of women in your position pick that option, so congratulations. Do you want a bed or what would you like?
Becks looked at her partner, now even more visibly aroused.
"How do you want to do me?" she whispered.
"I want you to ride me into the sunset cowgirl style," he replied.
"On a chair or bed?" she asked.
"Hmmm, a chair would be better for viewing."
"We'll have a chair and a cushion please," Becks told the MC.
"What's your name?" Becks asked her partner.
"Gary," he replied.
The chair and cushion appeared very quickly and Gary sat on the cushion on the chair, facing the audience with his cock sticking up vertically. Becks positioned herself in front of him with his back to him and legs wide apart so everyone could see her gaping pussy and his cock about to impale it. She slowly lowered herself, feeling his cock enter her cunt and slide smoothly upwards, ending up hard against her cervix. He must be huge, she thought, to reach her cervix from this position.
She started rocking backwards and forwards, feeling his cock massaging her cunt walls. He reached around and started rubbing her fully exposed clit with one hand while pinching and twisting her nipples with the other. Becks relaxed against him and allowed him to take control of her movements, settling into his rhythm.
The audience started a chant in time with their movements, "Fuck, fuck, fuck ..."
"Oh that's beautiful," she murmured so only he could hear, "Fuck me hard, lover, fuck me well."
Gary pushed harder, moving his hips to create more stimulation for them both. She felt herself responding, climbing the gentle slope to release.
"Darling, I'm going to cum soon, keep going, do me, do me, fuck me hard."
Becks' dirty talk set Gary on the way towards his climax. So he responded "Oh yes, oh yes, this is wonderful , so sweet, I'm so close, can I cum in you?"
"Yes, of course you can, that's what a cunt's for. Cum in me lover, cum now and push me over the edge."
Gary needed no second bidding. With an almighty thrust he seated his cock head alongside her cervix and came, spurting his cum in the far reaches of her cunt. The feeling of him tensing up and spurting his hot cum inside her drove Becks over the edge and she shuddered, tensed then started moaning and thrashing about in front of a very appreciative audience. They were cheering, cat calling, whistling, clapping and making a huge noise which neither Becks nor Gary even heard they were so involved with each other and their combined massive orgasms.
After a few moments they came back to the reality of the situation, acknowledged the audience, stood up with cum dripping from Becks cunt and Gary's cock. They both did elaborate bows, picked up their clothes and walked off stage.
Back stage Becks gave Gary a big hug and kiss, and his cock another kiss and feel.
"What a beautiful monster," she said.
"It's been a real disadvantage," he replied sadly, "I can't keep a girlfriend because as soon as they see it they say it's too big and run a mile. It's wonderful to have my greatest asset finally appreciated by a woman. Thank you so much."
They swapped contact details, Becks offering to spend nights with him anytime he felt like some company. They kissed again and Becks walked back to her seat, still carrying her clothes.
"Lucky you," said Chris, giving her a kiss and hug. "He was quite a stud."
"That's for real. Poor guy can't keep a girlfriend because they think he's too big. I've offered to spend nights with him sometimes. Hope that was OK."
"Yes, that's fine. I'm sure you two will have lots of fun. Gabby and I will keep each other company while you're away."
"Thanks, darling. You're wonderful."
Becks cuddled in against Chris.
"Do you want me to get dressed again or not?" she asked.
"Over to you. If you're happy naked I certainly don't mind the scenery and I'm sure nobody else will object here."
They focussed on what was happening on stage. The MC was introducing the next act.
"One of the interesting aspects of sex is pain. Many people become highly aroused by feeling erotic pain which can be caused by a wide variety of means. One such means is by whipping. So before we go any further, I would like to welcome Todd onto the stage. Todd is an expert with the single tailed stock whip. So without further ado, here's Todd and his assistant for this demonstration, Sexy Sam."
Todd walked onto the stage dressed in a pair of black tight trousers and naked above the waist. Even in his mid-forties he looks quite a stud, thought both Dana and Trudi admiringly. In his hand he held several whips. He was followed by a ravishing blonde girl wearing only a tiny G string.
"Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I hope you're enjoying the evening. This is Sam," he indicated the ravishing blonde, "who will be my assistant this evening. Now for a short whips 101 course. This is a riding crop." Todd held up the riding crop Sam had handed him. "As you can see it has a flat piece of leather on the end. It is excellent for hitting gently, accurately and at close range, for example on your slave's arse, pussy or breasts." He positioned Sam so she was easily visible to the audience and then gave her a stroke on each nipple with the riding crop. After each stroke she gave a small yelp and rubbed the pain away with her hand.
He held up a multi-tailed pussy whip. "This one is for whipping a larger area. It appears to be impressive but the energy of each stroke is dissipated over the whole area so you can whip quite hard and have little risk of doing any damage. It is often used for whipping a slave's pussy or breasts so that a general overall feeling of heat occurs. However, it can also be used to punish a woman's clitoris, in which case the punishment is very painful. To demonstrate this I would like to ask Sam to remove her G string so that I have a good view of the target.
Sam looked at Todd hesitantly, trying to work out if he was serious or not and just how far this was going. Todd quietly asked her again to strip off her g strip so she did, slowly and sexily as she had been trained to do as a stripper.
Todd then positioned Sam on a foam pad on the floor with her raised naked arse to the audience, chest on the floor and knees spread widely apart, providing easy access to her pussy lips and clit. He stood alongside her and whipped across her arse with a stroke on each cheek, followed by a hard stroke lengthwise, hitting her arse with the middle of the thongs so that the ends curled around and struck her pussy lips and clit. Sam screamed and collapsed forward onto the pad clasping both hands on her pussy.
The audience clapped, whistled and cheered until Sam slowly stood up again.
"This next whip is called a flogger," continued Todd, holding up a heavy leather paddle. "It is a heavier whip but the pressure is spread over a large area once again. Being heavier, it can cause bruising rather than skin damage, so must be used carefully." Todd again positioned Sam so the audience could see her breasts and landed a blow with the flogger on each one. He then rotated Sam, told her to bend over, and gave her a stroke with the flogger on each of her arse cheeks. Sam yelped at each stroke and once she stood up she rubbed her arse and her breasts to reduce the pain. The audience again clapped and cheered.
Next Todd took a long handled single thong whip. "This whip is a bit more painful because the speed of the thong is increased by the length of the handle and the energy of each stroke is concentrated by the narrow width of the thong. It is a good whip for anywhere you wish to cause a stinging pain to the skin." He positioned Sam so she was facing the audience and gave her several moderate strokes of the whip across her abdomen, finishing with a hard stroke across her breasts and nipples. This final stroke caused Sam to shriek in pain and quickly grasp both breasts with her hands, writhing in an upright position. The audience clapped and cheered as they watched her writhe in agony. After a few moments Todd removed her hands from her breasts, allowing the audience to see the red stripes on her abdomen left by the whip and the red welt across her nipples and breasts, which Todd explained would remain painful for a few days before it then disappeared.
Todd then picked up his pride and joy, the single tailed stock whip. "This single tail stock whip can be used very accurately and with devastating effect. It is very dangerous in non-expert hands and can easily cut the skin or even remove pieces of flesh. This piece of string on the end, called a popper, can cut skin and flesh quite easily. The crack of a whip is caused by the popper exceeding the sound barrier, so it travels extremely fast."
Todd cracked the whip. He noticed that Sam was looking at him with sheer terror in her eyes as she anticipated that he may demonstrate the whip on her.
"Sam is standing here wondering what will happen when I demonstrate this whip on her, so I have to reassure her that I have no intention of whipping her with this stock whip tonight, unless she really wants me to." He noticed that Sam was vigorously shaking her head. "So now that Sam has experienced each of the preceding whips I would like members of the audience the opportunity to experience some of these. Let's start with the riding crop – do we have a young lady in the audience who would like to experience this please?"
After a few seconds, a girl who would have been in her early twenties stood up and walked onto the stage, welcomed by Todd.
"What is your name?" he asked her.
"Emily."
"Thank you for volunteering, Emily. Have you experienced the feel of being whipped before?"
"No, never. My boyfriend has wanted to whip me, says it will make me feel sexy, but I've never been game."
"So why are you game now?"
"Because I trust you and you seem to know what you're doing. Also my boyfriend dared me to come up."
"Hmmm, which is your boyfriend? Will Emily's boyfriend please stand up."
Hesitantly a guy in his mid-twenties stood.
"Come up on stage," instructed Todd.
He walked slowly onto the stage, looking as though he wished the floor would swallow him up.
"What is your name?"
"Alex."
"So you want to whip Emily."
"Oh yes, I think it would be hot for both of us."
"So would you let her whip you too?" asked Todd.
"I haven't thought of that. I guess so, maybe."
"OK, so how about you each whip each other on stage tonight, with my instruction and supervision?"
"Mmmm, I guess that would be OK with me," replied Alex, "How about you, Em?"
"So long as we both did each other that would be OK with me."
"Right, so who would like to go first with the riding crop?" asked Todd.
"Ladies first," replied Alex, "You choose whether you want to whip or be whipped first."
"I'll whip you first. That way you won't wimp out after whipping me."
"So what do we do now?" asked Emily.
"Well, you two both have to get naked on stage. Is that a problem for you?"
"I guess not," replied Emily. "Get your gear off, Alex."
Emily removed her tight white leather miniskirt, revealing a tiny G string beneath. She then removed her dark blue sleeveless top and the tiny bra that it revealed. Finally she turned her back on the audience and slipped out of her G string. Alex just got undressed, shirt, trousers and nylon briefs hit the deck in short order. Todd noticed he had a moderately sized cock, semi-hard, and she had small breasts with hard nipples, indicating that she was quite aroused by the situation.
"Right, so you won't be tied down at all and you won't be whipped hard. The idea is arousal. Alex, bend over the arm of this chair with your feet on the ground and head on the chair seat."
Alex did this, his arse facing the audience. Sam gave Todd the riding crop.
"Now, the parts which are most usually whipped are the arse, breasts, pussy, cock and balls. So we'll start with the arse. Take the whip firmly and give a gentle stroke on his arse cheeks like this."
Todd demonstrated and Alex let out a yelp after the impact.
"Here, Emily, you have a go."
Emily took the whip and very gently applied a stroke on his arse.
"A bit harder now."
Her second stroke was harder and left a slight red mark.
"Shall I give him some more?"
"Yes, give him ten more."
Emily did this, her smile becoming larger as she saw his arse gradually reddening.
"Right, that'll do for now. For the balls, you can do them while he is in this position too. Simply reposition yourself, spread his legs and start with a gentle stroke upwards between his legs like this."
Todd gave Alex's balls a gentle stroke with the whip, which produced another yelp from Alex. Emily started whipping his balls gently.
"A little harder, Emily."
Emily obliged, and soon Alex was wriggling trying to get away from the whip.
"That's probably enough. Remember the balls are very sensitive but they can be toughened up to take quite severe punishment. OK, Alex, turn over and sit in the chair with your legs over the arms."
Once Alex was in position, with the chair turned so his exposed crotch faced the audience, Todd showed how to whip his nipples, allowing Emily to practice, then how to whip his cock, which by now was at full erection. Emily appeared to enjoy whipping his cock, so Todd showed her how soft, very rapid strokes were quite effective on cock and balls. Emily practised for a few minutes, by which time Alex was writhing in pain.
"That's great fun," said Emily, "We'll have to get one of these."
"OK, Emily, your turn in the hot seat. Bend yourself over the arm as Alex did at first."
Todd took Alex through the same procedure, whipping her arse and her pussy lips as she was bent over the arm, letting Alex practice whipping her. From what Todd could see, she was quite a pain slut, asking Alex to whip her harder on a couple of occasions.
Then she turned over and rested her widely spread legs on the arms of the chair, exposing her pussy completely to the audience.
"Right, Alex, the breasts. These can best be whipped like Emily whipped your cock, short quick strokes. Like this."
Todd demonstrated then let Alex practise. Emily closed her eyes, feeling the erotic sensations pulse through her body from her nipples straight to her clit.
"Now, the best part. As she is positioned now you have easy access to her clit. I suggest alternating a few harder strokes with a lot of soft, rapid strokes. This can usually make a woman cum in a few minutes."
Todd started demonstrating on Emily's clit and pussy, and then handed the whip to Alex to continue. After a few minutes Alex stopped.
"Ooohhh, keep going, I'm so close, please keep whipping me."
Alex looked at Todd for advice.
"Do what the lady wants," he said.
Alex continued to whip her clit and pussy, watching as she came closer to an enormous release. After five hard strokes on her clit she came, writhing in the chair, thrashing about so much that Todd had to hold it still. He pussy gushed liquid as she continued to cum hard for nearly two minutes. Once she had recovered she became aware of the audience, all clapping and whistling. She stood and bowed, as did Alex, then they picked up their clothes and walked off stage, collecting a complimentary entry ticket for two on their way out. They sat back in their original seats, still naked, cuddling.
Todd then asked for another volunteer so he could demonstrate the multi-tailed whip. A woman who appeared more like a girl of about 14 rushed up on the stage.
"What's your name?" asked Todd.
"Sara," she replied.
"Sara, you look like you're about 14 and you must be over 18 to even be here. How old are you, please?"
"I'm 22," replied Sara, "Lots of people think I'm younger than I really am. It's great sometimes, means I can get into movies for kids prices, unless they're adult movies when I have to show id. I had to show id to get in here tonight."
"What does your boyfriend think about you looking so young?"
"Well, that's a problem. I don't have a boyfriend because boys just think I'm a kid, and that I'm not old enough to fuck," she replied sadly.
"So why do you want me to whip you tonight?" asked Todd.
"I don't really know. Maybe to prove to myself that I am a real woman and can take the pain of a whipping."
"So how would you like me to whip you?" asked Todd.
"Oh, please whip my pussy and clit until I cum."
Todd turned to the audience. "Do you want me to whip Sara's pussy and clit till she cums?"
A loud response of "Yes" was accompanied by applause and catcalls from the audience.
"Shall I strip now?" asked Sara.
"Yes, either that or maybe some guy would like to strip you." Todd turned to the audience. "Is there an unattached young male who would like to strip Sara and who would be willing to be her escort and partner for the remainder of the evening?"
Immediately several hands went up.
"Can you all please come up on stage."
Four young guys, looking to be in their early twenties, came onto the stage.
"Right, Sara, would you like to pick a partner? The person you choose will whip you, you will whip him, and then he will be your partner and escort for the remainder of the evening. What happens after that is completely up to the two of you."
Sara chose a well-built young guy with a smile on his kind face.
"Thank you. What is your name, sir?" asked Todd.
"Hugh," he replied.
"Well, it looks like it's your lucky night."
Todd thanked the other guys and told them to collect a ticket for a free drink as they left the stage.
"So, can you both please strip each other naked," Todd instructed Hugh and Sara.
Hugh wasted no time in removing Sara's skin-tight blue top, revealing her small bra-less breasts and flawless skin. He then loosened her skirt and removed that, leaving her standing in her blue G string knickers. Hugh then knelt down in front of her and removed her G string with his teeth, revealing Sara in all her naked beauty.
The audience whistled and applauded in appreciation.
Sara then removed Hugh's shirt, noticing that he was quite muscular, then undid his belt and buttons and pulled his jeans to his ankles. Hugh stepped out of them. Sara then repeated what Hugh had done to her, kneeling down in front of him and removing his brief red underpants with her teeth, accompanied by loud audience approval.
Hugh's cock was by now fully erect and waving in Sara's face. She quickly steadied it with her hand and looked him in the eye as she sucked it into her mouth. It was obvious that this wasn't the first time she had engaged in oral sex as she repositioned her head to swallow the full length of his cock, the bulge it made in her throat being clearly visible to Todd. She then removed it, kissed the head and stood up.
"That's a sample," she said to Hugh quietly.
"Thank you," said Todd, "Now who would like to use the multi-tailed whip on whom first?"
"I'd like to whip Hugh's erect cock," replied Sara quickly.
"Right, Hugh, please get down on all fours facing away from the audience, with your arse in the air and your head on the stage," instructed Todd.
Hugh took up this position and Todd adjusted it so that his legs were widely spread with his rampant cock pointing directly downwards. Sam handed Todd the multi-tailed whip.
"Now Sara, can you come over here please and straddle Hugh, facing the audience."
Sara took up this position, spreading her legs over Hugh's broad back.
"Now, you can start whipping Hugh's arse gently," instructed Todd, handing Sara the whip.
Sara hefted the whip and felt its weight, swinging it through the air to get the feel of it. She then brought it down on Hugh's arse.
"Oooowwww," cried Hugh, wriggling his arse to try to dissipate the sting.
"That's great," praised Todd, "Do a few more strokes like that. Note that the ends of the lashes are hitting his arse. They are the parts that cause the sting as they are travelling fastest. Whip his arse about five more times."
Sara did this, Hugh accepting it stoically now he knew what to expect. Once these strokes had been completed Todd again instructed Sara.
"Now, for the next five strokes I want you to hit lower down, so the middle of the lashes hit Hugh's arse, allowing the ends to bend under and hit his balls and his cock. So vary the height so that sometimes the ends hit his balls and, by going lower still, they can be made to hit his cock and even his cock head. Allow yourself ten more strokes so do eight more then stop."
Sara swung the whip as instructed and watched the lashes curl around Hugh's arse and disappear beneath him.
"Yeeeoooowwww!" cried Hugh as the ends of the lashes hit his sensitive scrotum and balls. However, the blow was not very hard and he remained in position.
After another three strokes like the first, Sara lowered her swing further, causing the ends of the lashes to curl under still further and strike his cock.
"Oooowwwww," cried Hugh, in obvious pain as he collapsed onto the stage. After a few seconds the pain had dispersed and he resumed his position. Todd noticed that this was really turning Sara on judging by the cunt juice that was dripping onto Hugh's back and running down her legs.
"Three more strokes like that one," he instructed Sara.
Sara applied these with small cries from Hugh after each one, but he remained in position between strokes.
"Now for the final two," said Todd. "I want you to make these two as hard as you can, aiming for his balls the first time and his cock the second time."
Hugh braced himself, hoping that he would still be able to fuck Sara later this evening.
The first hard stroke caused him to double up and roll on the stage holding his balls, rubbing them gently to try to relieve the pain. He quickly resumed his position, waiting for the inevitable final stroke.
Sara concentrated on making it as hard and as accurate as she could, aiming to hit his cock head, which she knew would cause the greatest pain. She aimed and swung. Immediately Hugh let out a howl and collapsed to the stage, holding the head of his cock in his hand and writhing in agony. Quickly the pain dissipated and he sat up, then took Todd's hand and was helped onto his feet.
The audience roared in approval as Sara gave him a full frontal hug and a kiss.
"I hope I didn't hurt you too much," she said into his ear.
"I'll survive," he replied.
"Thank you Sara and Hugh," said Todd after the noise had died down. "Now it is Hugh's turn to whip Sara. Sara, please stand facing the audience."
Sara faced the audience and Todd gave the whip to Hugh.
"Right, Hugh, I want to to start whipping Sara's breasts gently. Just start by allowing the whip strands to caress them."
Hugh started doing this, the tails of the whip gently falling over Sara's breasts. Todd noticed her close her eyes and her face take on a dream-like appearance as she soaked up the sensations.
"You can start going a little harder now," Todd told Hugh.
Sara's eyes opened as the first harder stroke hit her breasts, making them shudder. She started making small sounds after each stroke and was twisting her upper body to try to dissipate the pain. High's strokes became slowly harder.
"Right, four final strokes now," said Todd, "Make them the four hardest you have done."
Hugh did this, slowly increasing the strength of each stroke until the final stroke was as hard as he could.
"Ooowwww!" yelled Sara after the final stroke, reaching up and massaging her small, red breasts to relieve the pain.
The audience clapped and cheered as they observed the pain she was in from the whipping.
"Now Sara, please get into the same position that Hugh was in, kneeling on the pad with your arse towards the audience and head on the pad," instructed Todd.
Sara assumed the position. Todd pushed her legs a little further apart and noticed that her pussy lips were now gaping from the stimulation of whipping Hugh's cock and balls and having her breasts whipped. This will be a painful whipping, thought Todd as he noticed her unusually large and well exposed clitoris poking out from its hood.
"Hugh, can you please apply ten moderate strokes of the whip to Sara's arse," instructed Todd.
Hugh straddled Sara and without further ado he swung the whip against her arse. Sara flinched, screwed up her face but remained silent and in position. Hugh quickly applied the other nine strokes, watching the ends hit her arse, her arse slowly reddening and noticing how arousing it was as precum dripped from his cock onto Sara's back.
"Very good," said Todd, "Now, the same applies to Sara as applied to you. You have ten more strokes, so give her four strokes so that the ends aim for her pussy lips and four strokes that are aimed for her clit. Make these moderate strokes but try to get them to increase in strength."
Sara knew that this was going to be real punishment because she felt her pussy lips gaping open and knew that her clit was protruding out of its protective hood. She felt a tremor of anticipation and fear pass through her body.
Hugh swung the whip for the first stroke. He watched as the ends curled around and spread over her pussy, hitting the lips and insinuating themselves between the lips to impact on her gaping cunt opening.
"Ahhhhgggghhhh!" cried Sara as the pain radiated through her body. However she stayed in position and Hugh readied himself for the second stroke.
The second stroke was slightly harder and Sara bore it stoically and silently, knowing what to expect now and noting that in the aftermath of each stroke she was starting to feel extremely sexy. The third and fourth strokes were harder still, the fourth one causing Sara to give a small scream. Hugh then realigned himself, aiming lower so the ends would hit Sara's very exposed clit. He swung gently, leaning forward to watch the ends of the lashes hit her clit.
"Oooowwwwwww!" yelled Sara as her clit exploded in pain. She remained in place and prepared herself for her ordeal.
The remaining three strokes each brought a cry from Sara but she was able to bear them without moving. By the end she was almost ready to cum. Just a bit more, she thought and I'll be there.
"Right, now, Hugh, two hard ones to finish off with, one for her lips and one for her clit," instructed Todd.
Hugh repositioned himself and swung the whip hard, watching the lashes hit Sara's exposed pussy lips and cunt entrance.
"Oooowwwww, that hurts, it's sooooo sore," sobbed Sara, rolling onto her side and holding her pussy with both hands.
After a few seconds she moved her hands and looked at her pussy, which was red but the skin was not broken and it felt so, so sexy and ready to cum.
"Oh, please, beat me again," she said to Hugh as she repositioned herself.
Hugh aimed for her clit and swung the whip a final time. The stroke was very hard and very accurate, the ends of the lashes wrapping around both sides of her clit as well as hitting her exposed lips and cunt entrance hard.
Sara almost became airborne, rolling onto her side and she came hard. "Aaaaarrrrrggggghhhhh, that's wonderful, so good, oooohhhh, I'm cummmminggggg!" She cried as her body went into spasms and she held her pussy with both hands.
The audience was in uproar, whistling, cheering and applauding deafeningly through Sara's orgasm.
Slowly she came back to earth and relaxed on stage. Todd offered his hand which she grabbed thankfully and slowly pulled herself to her feet. She turned to Hugh and gave him a big hug and kiss, reaching down to grab his cock and balls.
"Ooohhh, darling, I need this inside me tonight, in fact, now," she said into his ear. "Let's go back to your seat and I'll sit on your hard cock."
"Sounds good to me," agreed Hugh.
They both picked up their clothes and bowed to the audience.
"Thank you Sara and Hugh," said Todd, "Here are two free entry passes valid for a year for entry to 'Dana's' anytime within the next year."
The audience cheered again and Hugh and Sara, still naked, hurried back to Hugh's seat, where he sat down and she faced him, straddled him and sat her dripping pussy on his erect pole, cuddling into him.
Todd now came to his demonstration of the single tailed whip stock whip. He asked for another female volunteer. After a few seconds one very sexy young woman walked up on stage.
"I don't know why I'm here," she said, "You've already pointed out how dangerous these whips can be."
"Just trust me and everything will be fine. What is your name?"
"Jill," she replied.
"Fine, Jill. I'll do a demo to show what the whip can do." Sam brought a piece of paper and also a piece of timber, about one inch square and two feet long onto the stage.
"I want you each to hold two opposite edges of this paper please. Hold them tightly."
Jill held one side of the sheet of paper and Sam held the other. Todd struck with the whip, cleanly cutting the paper in half.
"Now the timber please, hold an end each as tightly as you can."
Once the timber was in position Todd struck the centre with the whip, partly cutting and partly breaking it into two pieces.
The crowd applauded his skill.
"Right, now a further demonstration." Sam brought a bowl of flat marbles onto the stage and set up a flat piece of timber between two chairs. "Could you please place ten flat marbles along that piece of wood for me, Jill, about four inches apart."
Jill placed the ten flat marbles along the top of the narrow piece of wood. Todd stood back and measured the distance by eye, then swung the whip for ten strokes, each stroke removing one marble from the board.
The audience broke into loud applause.
"Feel happier now?" he asked Jill.
"Yes, mildly reassured."
"Right, now it's your turn. Can you take your top off please."
Jill removed her light sleeveless top revealing that she was naked underneath.
"Wonderful, now your skirt please."
She slipped off her skirt and then, without being asked, hooked her thumbs in her bikini panties and took them off also, revealing a smooth shaven pussy. Two assistants wheeled a bed onto the stage. The head end of the bed was about a foot higher than the foot end, allowing the audience to see the whole length of the mattress.
"Thank you," said Todd. "Now can you lie on your back on the bed please with you head at the high end."
"Great, spread your legs wide so the audience can get a good view." There were several whistles and cat calls when she did this. "Now I'm going to place a flat marble on each breast, several on your abdomen and one just above your clit."
Todd placed the marbles.
"How are you feeling now?" he asked Jill.
"Terrified," she replied shakily.
"So you know what happens next, I guess."
"I can guess. Just do it please and try to leave nipples and clit attached to me."
Todd measured his distances carefully by eye and swung the whip. The marble on her left nipple shot away and hit the wall. Jill let out a squeal.
"Did I touch you?" asked Todd.
"No, but I sure felt the wind as it just missed me."
"OK, next one."
Todd took the second marble off her other nipple, then each marble off her abdomen, and finally the marble just above her clit.
"Whew," said Jill when they had all gone. "That was amazing."
"Well, not quite finished yet. Have you ever used nipple clips?"
"No."
"Well, here's your opportunity. Stand up please."
Sam gave Todd four nipple clips and four ribbons. He attached a nipple clip to each nipple with the end of a ribbon held between the clip and the nipple.
"Ouch," said Jill, "They hurt a bit, but quite a good hurt."
Todd repeated the clipping with her pussy lips, again attaching the ribbon between the lip and the clip.
"Now, I want you to stand still, facing the audience, leaning forward from the hips with your legs as far apart as they will go."
Jill did this, feeling very nervous once again.
Todd measured his distances by eye again and then swung the whip, cutting off the end two inches of the ribbon attached to her left nipple. He then made a second stroke taking off the next two inches, and continued until there was only two inches left. He then did the same with the ribbon from her right nipple, her left pussy lip and right pussy lip. He then aimed for the clips, hitting each and removing it cleanly from each attachment point. As each was removed, Jill let out a small scream from the shock of the impact and the pain as the blood circulation was restored.
By the end of the demonstration Jill was covered in sweat from nervous reaction to her ordeal.
"Now, it is possible to use this whip on a person without doing and damage. Would you allow me to do this with you?" asked Todd.
"Y-y-yes, I think so," agreed Jill hesitantly, remembering the effect of the whip on the wood.
"Right, then we need you to be still while we do this." Todd waited while some attendants brought a mobile whipping frame onto the stage. "So I'll tie you to this frame."
Todd and Sam tied Jill to the frame spread-eagled so that her dripping pussy was clearly visible to the audience.
"I'm assuming that you would like to go home with your clit and nipples in place rather than in a bag," he said.
"Yes, most definitely," said Jill, recovering a little.
"So it's important that you hold very still while I make each stroke. Firstly, just so you get the feel of what it's like to be whipped, I'll warm up your abdomen, thighs and back a little."
Todd turned the frame on its wheels easily until Jill's back was to the audience. He then carefully measured the distance by eye and made a light stroke towards her arse, ensuring that the end of the whip struck the frame harmlessly and leaving an imprint of the braided whip across her arse cheeks. This imprint quickly turned red.
"How was that?" he asked Jill.
"It was more pressure than a slap," replied Jill.
"So I can do some more then?" asked Todd.
"Yes, if you wish."
Todd applied ten more similar strokes to Jill's arse, back and backs of her thighs, the red stripes being very noticeable to the audience. Through it all Jill remained silent and still. Todd then turned the frame around to face the audience and asked again how it felt.
"Not too bad," Jill replied, "There is some pain but not nearly as much as I expected."
"Well, they have only been very gentle strokes. I can do harder if you wish."
"No thank you," was Jill's quick reply.
"OK, so can I continue on the front now?"
"Yes, that's fine," agreed Jill.
Todd continued whipping Jill gently across her abdomen, thighs and finally her breasts, laying one stroke above, one below and one across her nipples.
"Ouch!" cried Jill as the final stroke hit her nipples. "I'm glad that was gentle."
Jill, Todd and the audience watched as the stroke marks turned red. Todd noticed that she was dripping cunt juice onto the stage so was very aroused.
"Do you want to cum?" he asked her.
"Oooohhhh, yess, " she replied, "I feel sooo sexy. Please whip my clit and pussy gently like you did my body until I cum."
Todd turned to the audience. "Do you want to see Jill cum?" he asked.
There was a roar of approval.
Todd turned Jill slightly so that the audience could see past him then positioned himself carefully, knowing that these strokes were crucial to Jill's future sex life. He gave a trial, very gentle non-contact flick of the whip and saw that it was exactly right. He then gave a gentle stroke upwards between her legs so that the whip contacted her pussy about three quarters of the way along the whip, absorbing the energy and preventing the end of the whip flicking upwards to hit and cut her back.
"Ooowwww," cried Jill as the whip hit her clit and pussy lips. Then after a few seconds as the immediate pain wore off, "More please."
Todd made another stroke exactly the same, resulting in Jill silently wriggling her hips before waiting quietly and motionless for the next stroke.
After the eighth stroke Jill moved her hips violently for a few seconds.
"Ooohhh, please, I'm so close, please put me out of my misery; please make me cum. Please do a hard stroke so I can cum."
Todd agreed to do a final, slightly harder stroke and aimed carefully so it would hit her exposed clit. He swung the whip harder and made the stroke.
"Aaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!" screamed Jill as she writhed in a combination of pain and orgasmic ecstasy. "Ooooohhhhh, that's so sore, so wonderful, oooohhhhh, yessssss."
Slowly she stopped writhing and relaxed, hanging on the frame. The audience clapped, cheered and whistled. After a few seconds she lifted her head and smiled. After nearly half a minute the audience was again still.
"That was wonderful," she said, "Thank you so much, it's the best orgasm I've ever had."
Todd untied her and led her to the front of the stage, where she spread her legs and showed the audience her red striped pussy. They both bowed to thunderous applause. Jill, Sam and Todd then left the stage, Jill carrying her clothes and receiving a year's free double entry to 'Dana's' as she left. As she sat down beside her partner, he inspected her closely looking for any damage from the whip. He felt her sopping pussy and gave her a sexy kiss.
The MC came back on and announced that there would be a twenty minute break before the next part of the show, suggesting that people might like to refresh their drinks, use the bathrooms and attend to any other pressing personal matters.
Todd returned to sit next to Dana and Trudi.
"That was a great show," said Dana, "Congratulations."
"Well, I was pleased with it. Jill was awesome, speaking of which, here she is now."
Jill was still naked as she approached Todd. Without invitation she sat on his knee and placed her arm around his shoulders.
"Sweetheart," she began, looking deeply into his eyes, "I know I came on stage but I really need to cum with a cock in me. My partner says it's OK if I fuck you. Would you please fuck me hard so I can cum in a screaming orgasm?"
Trudi and Dana smiled at her. "We're his partners," said Dana, "So he'll need permission from us if he is to fuck you, and it will be with a condition."
"What's the condition?' asked Jill.
"That we get to watch and participate."
"Oooohhh, yes, that sounds really sexy," replied Jill. "How about it darling?" she asked Todd.
"Yes, with one condition also," replied Todd, "I want to whip you some more with a single tailed whip."
Jill thought of the damage this could do. From what she had seen it could easily remove her clit or nipples. How much did she trust this guy who she had only just met? What the hell, she decided, let's live dangerously.
"Yes, agreed. Where do we go?"
Dana left and returned a few seconds later with a key. "Let's go," she said.
"Can my partner watch too?" asked Jill.
"Yes, of course he can," replied Dana.
Jill beckoned him over and the five of them went to a large private room. They introduced themselves to each other.
"Now," began Todd, taking charge, "Jill, I want you with the upper half of your body lying on your back on the bed with your legs and feet hanging over the end on the floor."
Jill positioned herself, which stretched her breasts, pointing her hard nipples high towards the ceiling, and stretching her pussy so that her mound became more prominent.
"Wonderful. You look so sexy like that; what a fortunate partner you have. Just spread your legs wide. That will make it easier for me to remove your clit cleanly," smiled Todd.
Omigod, thought Jill, I hope he's joking.
Todd stood away from Jill and measured the distance by eye to her nipples. He swung the whip gently, letting it just land on the stretched skin of her abdomen then slide off like a snake. He repeated this action, letting the tip of the whip cross her breasts one at a time, letting her body get used to the feel of the whip against her skin again.
Then, with no warning, he snapped his wrist, sending the lash snaking towards her unprotected right nipple, the end just touching it with a very glancing blow.
"Ouch," was Jill's reflex reaction, more from surprise than pain. The sting was ephemeral. No sooner felt than gone.
Todd repeated this with her left nipple, with the same reaction. He then moved a little and repeated it with her clit, just touching her sensitive exposed button, which sent a jolt of white hot electric fire through her body, again no sooner felt than gone.
"Ooohhh, that felt so weird, almost as though I received an electric shock. I sort of don't know whether it hurt or not," reported Jill.
"Todd smiled. "That's exactly how it was meant to feel, my darling. Ready for some more now?"
"Ooohhh yes please."
Todd repeated the sequence except that he added in strokes which just touched her pussy lips, first right then left, and repeated this sequence again and again, using slightly different angles so he never hit the same place twice. Jill twitched and moaned as the fire spread through her body, stimulating her and arousing her sexually like nothing ever had before. Her pussy was gushing girl juice, her nipples hard erect and bright red. She looked like someone in a guy's wet dream and she writhed in a mixture of instantaneous pain which was immediately replaced with uninhibited lust. After just over five minutes of this treatment she came again, hard, long and loudly. She let out an ear-piercing scream as she writhed on the bed in uncontrollable passion.
"Oh fuck me, fuck me Todd, push your hard cock in me, ram it in my cunt, please fuck me hard."
What could a guy do? Todd stripped off his trousers and nylon shorts and let his massive cock free. Dana handed him a condom and he quickly but carefully rolled it on. He aimed his cock at Jill's wide open, well lubricated and defenceless pussy and rammed it in hard, fully penetrating her to the hilt in one massive thrust. Jill's orgasm reached a new high and Todd had to hold her to keep her on the bed and on his cock. He started a hard, fast fucking rhythm, during which she continued to cum hard. After a very short time Todd was ready to cum.
"Here it comes, Jill, take my cum in your cunt. Feel it spurting inside you."
Todd's cock spurted copious quantities of sperm into his condom resting against Jill's cervix. The heat of his cum and the increased pressure deep within her body pushed her to new, never before achieved, levels of orgasm. Todd had his hands full simply preventing her from launching herself across the room. She writhed, shuddered, screamed, moaned and babbled incoherently for well over two minutes until finally she came down from her high and became still. After another minute at least she opened her eyes.
"Wow! That was amazing," she said. "Thank you so much darling."
Todd bent and kissed her, then inspected her nipples for damage. Apart from several small red marks and the marks from her stage whipping, there was none. He withdrew from her cunt and inspected her pussy area for damage; again none except for a few tiny red impact marks and the red stripes from on stage.
Jill's partner, Ricky, came over and kissed her, fondling her breasts and her slick pussy.
"You were so amazing," he said, "I'll remember that scene for the rest of my life. I love you and can't wait to take you home and fuck you."
"Why wait? Do it now," suggested Dana.
Without hesitation Ricky stripped off and rammed his moderate erect cock into Jill's cunt. It took only a few minutes for him to cum, with Jill accompanying him over the top again. They rested together for a few moments, withdrew and wiped themselves down on a towel.
"Wow, that looked so great," said Trudi, "I'll certainly be jumping your bones tonight when we get home, Todd."
They cleaned up and returned to the show, where two voluptuous beauties were in the final throes of a loud and wet 69 session accompanied by wild audience response. As they watched, a ravishingly curvy blonde was cumming on stage, squirting high in the air while her partner was chewing on her nipples.
Jill kissed and cuddled Todd, hugged Trudi and Dana, Ricky hugged Trudi and Dana also and then the two lovers returned to their seats, still carrying their clothes. It appeared that once a person was stripped they stayed stripped, showing a reluctance to dress again. Todd, Dana and Trudi returned to their seats.
After the lesbian act, the MC came on stage and announced that the next act would be one would be an orgasm race, selected audience members versus 'Dana's' strippers. He explained the rules.
"There will be four strippers, two male and two female, and four members of the audience selected from card numbers. Audience members may decline, but if they do then their partner must take part in their place. Each person will be harnessed with a vibrator and will be expected to cum. The person from each gender who cums first will win a prize. The competition will continue until all but one male and all but one female have cum. Those two will be declared the winners and will fuck on stage until they both cum. Members of the audience will have the opportunity to bet on their favourites, both for first to cum and last to cum.
"So, could the four strippers please come on stage, pun intended."
Two hunky guys and two voluptuous, sexy girls walked onto the stage. Each had a harness attached around their hips and a powerful vibrator attached.
"So the numbers for the audience are: Female number 35. Who has a pink ticket with 35 on it?"
A girl, probably only 18 or 19, stood nervously.
"Wonderful. Come up onto the stage please."
"I-I-I don't want to do it," she said.
Her partner, also young, was encouraging her.
"Go on, Becky, there's no problems, off you go. If you go I'll owe you one."
Becky capitulated and walked up onto the stage amid encouragement from the audience.
"First male is blue ticket number 10. Who has blue 10?"
A lanky, geeky looking guy stood and had a quick conversation with his partner, then walked onto the stage.
"Second female is pink ticket number 52. Who has pink 52?"
A more mature woman of around forty stood up and eagerly made her way onto the stage.
"Now the second male is blue ticket number 25. Where is blue 25?"
A good looking guy, probably mid-thirties, stood and walked onto the stage.
"So, while these contestants are stripped and fitted with their vibrators, you can place your bets on who will cum first and which couple will fuck each other on stage.
People from the audience started betting on the contestants while on stage the new contestants were stripped naked and had harnesses and vibrators attached. After about ten minutes all was ready to go.
"Right, so we're ready to go. All the vibrators are remote controlled so they will all operate at the same speed. Once it is obvious that a person is cumming their vibrator will be turned off. May the best people win."
All the vibrators started buzzing simultaneously. It was interesting to watch the contestants. Some were obviously trying to be first and win a prize, others were trying to ignore the stimulation so they had the opportunity to fuck on stage. Todd and Chris had a whispered conversation, wondering what, if any, instructions the strippers had been given.
After only a very short time the blue 10 guy spurted his cum across the stage.
"Congratulations, you have won a prize, sir. Just wait there while the other contestants complete."
After several more minutes Chris and Todd noticed that the older woman was becoming more distracted, moving her hips suggestively, pinching her nipples. After a few more seconds she just collapsed onto the floor, writhing in orgasm.
"Turn it off, turn it off, it's too much, off."
Her vibrator ceased its buzzing as the MC announced they had a female recipient of a prize, pink 52.
Then the strippers started to cum, the guys shooting off in quick succession, which caused both their vibrators and the male winner, blue 25's vibrator to cease.
The first of the female strippers collapsed onto the floor, writhing in orgasm, and had her vibrator turned off. Now there were only two females still trying to win the prize.
"I'll bet that the stripper has instructions to let the other girl win," said Todd to Chris.
"I don't know so much," replied Chris, "It looks like the stripper is trying really hard not to cum."
It was academic. In another minute the stripper dropped to her knees and moaned in orgasm. Both vibrators stopped.
"We have our second winner," announced the MC. "Sir and miss, come over here please. Sir, what is your name?"
"Clive," he replied.
"And your name?" he asked the girl.
"Becky," she replied, obviously feeling uncomfortable and looking for her partner for support.
"Right Clive and Becky, just let the assistants remove your harnesses then you can get onto the bed or wherever you wish and fuck each other. The goal is for you both to cum, at the same time would be great. Clive, I suggest you put on the condom which the assistant has, better safe than sorry."
Clive and Becky had a quick discussion and then moved to the bed, Clive lying down on his back with his feet to the audience and legs spread so his large erect cock and voluminous ball sac were clearly visible. Becky straddled Clive, facing away from the audience, and carefully lowered her wet pussy onto his large member, feeling it slowly enter and move to the end of her cunt. She closed her eyes, feeling the sensuousness of the whole situation. Clive reached up and massaged her breasts, tweaking her nipples just the way she liked it. She ground her clit against his pubic bone as he raised his knees, pushing further into her. Together they started a slow rhythm, his cock withdrawing and re-entering her cunt, stimulating her as she had never been stimulated before. She closed her eyes and lost herself in the moment, savouring the feel of a strange cock inside her.
Clive was feeling the ridges on the inside of her cunt, stimulating his cock head and the sides of his cock. He felt his balls draw upwards in preparation for orgasm, then he tuned into Becky, wanting to cum simultaneously.
The audience started chanting in time with their movements. "Fuck, fuck, fuck ...". This support helped Becky to lose herself in the sensations, drawing close to orgasm, closer, closer, nearly there, she felt Clive's hands stimulating her nipples and the sparks going straight to her clit, grinding on his pubic bone.
Clive felt her response, which pushed him closer to cumming. He increased the speed and the force of his fucking, lifting his arse off the bed as he forced into her cunt. Suddenly he was there.
"I'm going to cum," he told her, giving her nipples and extra hard squeeze, sending her into her orgasm as he spurted his cum deep inside her into his condom.
For a few seconds time stood still. Both lay there, rigid, cumming, then they started moving, shuddering, moaning, writhing in ecstasy. The audience ceased their chant and watched entranced as the couple on stage had hard, simultaneous orgasms.
After a few moments they relaxed and the audience burst into applause, whistles and other signs of approval.
"Well, what an amazing couple of people we have here," announced the MC. "Thank you. That was one of the finest demonstrations of love making I've ever seen. Let's have another big hand for Clive and Becky." He waited until the applause died down. "Thank you Clive and Becky."
Assistants appeared on stage and helped the couple disengage. They stood before the audience, a sperm-filled condom hanging from Clive's lowering cock, and they had their arms around each other and their other arms raised in triumph. They bowed to the audience before picking up their clothing and walking off the stage, each receiving a double free pass to 'Dana's' for later use.
"We'll have another twenty minute break now. I'm sure you'll all find something to do during that time. When we resume we will have some forms of torture and punishment to show you. Enjoy the break."
Todd and Chris picked up their winnings from their bet, both having picked the eventual winners. They looked around the room, noting several couples who were obviously fucking, usually with her sitting on his lap and her dress pulled up around her hips. Pretty obvious, but nonetheless also discreet. Todd looked at their group and noticed that Amy was sitting on Paul's lap while Penny was sitting on Jeff's lap alongside them. They had obviously decided that swapping partners was on the agenda for tonight. While he watched surreptitiously he noticed Amy was obviously cumming, leaning against Paul, who was kneading her breasts through her thin top, and trying to prevent too much obvious movement of her body as it was clearly shuddering in pleasure. A few seconds later he watched Paul tense with his head back and eyes shut as he gave Amy her injection of sperm. Both Jeff and Penny watched their partners cum, then continued with their fucking and put on a similar display a few minutes later. Todd noticed that his cock was hard as concrete and he would love to sink it into something soft and warm.
While Todd watched others, Trudi and Dana watched their beloved Todd.
"He's getting all sexed up," Dana told Trudi. "Next he'll want us to relieve him."
"Let's not," suggested Trudi. "I want to watch some other girl have that joy."
"So how do we work this?"
"Let's just play it by ear when he comes back here."
Todd walked back to Dana and Trudi and sensed that something had been said between them about his condition. He sat between them.
"Right, you two, I know something is going on but I don't know what. I'm really horny from watching Paul and Amy fuck and Jeff and Penny fuck. That's enough to give a eunuch a hard on. So I need some relief, please."
"So you go ogling other couples and expect us to do something about it?" asked Dana, feigning surprise. "Go and find someone else."
"What is the point of me having you two sexy witches to meet my needs if you don't?"
"That's not our problem," said Trudi, "You got like that, you deal with it, but if you want we could possibly help, but it will cost you, price determined later."
"OK, I do need to lighten my load so if you can help I will be grateful."
Dana and Trudi walked a short distance away and started looking at the women in the audience.
"Most of these women would give their eye teeth to be fucked by a sex god like Todd, which one looks like his type?"
They selected a likely looking woman, in her twenties they guessed, curvy, voluptuous, sexily dressed, just like Todd liked.
"Shall we invite her?" asked Dana.
"Looks good to me."
Trudi and Dana sat next to the girl and started chatting, learning that her name was Vicki and that her partner had walked out on her a couple of days ago so she was here on her own. They turned the conversation to Todd's whipping demonstration with Jill.
"I'd so love to make love with Todd," she said dreamily. "He'd never even notice me though."
"Would you really like him to fuck you?" asked Dana.
"Oh yes."
"Now?" asked Dana again.
"Now, then, anytime. I'm ready for him anytime."
"Then come with me if you like," suggested Dana.
The three women returned to Todd.
"Todd, darling, we have a task for you if you wish to accept it. Vicki here would love to fuck you but thinks you're unreachable. Her partner walked out a couple of days ago so she's probably suffering from sex deficit as well. Can you help her please?"
Todd looked Vicki up and down, then hugged her, pressing her to him so he felt her hardening nipples and she felt his rampant cock.
"You poor darling. Come and sit on my lap."
Todd sat down, unzipping his trousers and allowing Vicki to see his huge cock.
"Do you reckon it will fit?" she asked.
"It always has so far," he replied. "Have a seat."
He helped her lift her dress as she sat facing away from him, quickly pulling her G string down around her knees so she could kick the garment to the floor. He positioned his cock against her pussy lips and she wriggled her hips to feel it move against them. She then stood up, turned herself around so she was facing Todd, spread her legs wide around his hips and lowered herself onto his cock, allowing it to penetrate her cunt to the end. Her clit was still not against Todd.
Todd moved her gently, repositioning himself so that his cock slid alongside her cervix, then thrust deeper into her until her clit pressed against his pubic bone.
The MC returned to stage and turned on his microphone.
"We now have several items on stage at the same time. These all have the theme of punishment. When 'Dana's' first started this was a major factor in its success, and the original building had a Dungeon full of devices to apply exquisite sexual torture. In fact, it still has and I'm sure the occupants make good use of the facility.
"So tonight we revive the tradition. On this side of the stage we will have Chloe riding a Sybian. If you women haven't tried this we have several here and will have these on stage for the next competition as well. Chloe will be tied onto the Sybian and will be made to cum over and over again, probably until she becomes unconscious."
While he had been making this announcement a scantily clad very sexy woman in her mid-twenties, with a figure to die for, had walked onto the stage followed by two assistants carrying the Sybian machine. The MC waited until it was correctly positioned and Chloe had lowered herself onto the dildo projecting vertically from the machine, and watched as the assistants fastened her legs to the base and hands to the front of the machine.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Chloe on the Sybian."
Everyone applauded and cheered.
"Then on this side of the stage we will have Bess hanging by her breasts in a frame with a Hitachi wand attached to a harness stimulating her clit. Once again she will be made to cum many times, probably until she is also unconscious."
A tubular frame was wheeled in and another gorgeous young woman, wearing a harness with wand already in place and with her breasts cruelly tied with soft rope, walked onto the stage. A hook was attached from the lifting part of the frame to her breast bindings and she was raised in the frame until her feet left the ground, being supported only by her breast bindings. Her ankles were then attached to the side tubes, spreading her legs wide apart.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Bess."
Again there was loud applause and cheering.
"So while these women cum time and time again, there will be two other young women on stage suffering a different torture. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Yvonne and Cheri. Yvonne is the blonde, Cheri the brunette."
Loud applause and cheers greeted these two young women who paraded naked across the stage.
"Yvonne and Cheri will be tied onto the frame you see behind me, bent backwards so that their front and pussy are fully accessible. They will then be subjected to a series of tortures. The first will be from airsoft pellets, shot from handguns. These pellets are capable of breaking the skin at close range but not of penetrating the flesh. After that they will be used as dart boards, the darts having their points shortened so no lasting damage occurs as they stick in. Two guys from the audience will be selected to throw several darts at these lovely young ladies, with points being awarded for accuracy. After that the two women will be freed and will be armed with staple guns and have a staple duel, the idea being that each shoots a staple in turn into the other, the loser being the first one to say the safe word, which tonight is leprechaun. Each gun will have 50 staples in it, so each girl has the potential to wind up with 50 staples in her body, usually in very sensitive parts."
While the MC was telling the audience about these activities, Yvonne and Cheri were being tied onto the frame, bent backwards with their legs widely spaced so that the whole front of their body was visible right around to their arsehole. They had polycarbonate face shields fitted to prevent any damage to their faces and particularly their eyes.
"Now, can we please have two males to volunteer to shoot airsoft pellets at Yvonne and Cheri?"
Instantly guys got to their feet, almost stampeding to be on stage first.
"What a sadistic bunch you lot are," said the MC. "Sit down again and raise your hands if you want to shoot these women."
All guys hands went up. The MC chose two men and invited them onto the stage. He asked them their names.
"Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the two shooters, Bill and Harry."
They bowed in response to the audience applause. Each was given an airsoft pistol loaded with 100 pellets and they were instructed in their use. They were able to use automatic fire or single shot.
"So, let the fun begin."
An assistant turned on the Sybian to around 40% and another turned on the wand to low speed, the vibrations clearly heard throughout the auditorium. Instantly Chloe and Bess began responding, moaning gently and repositioning themselves as best they could to enhance the stimulation.
Meanwhile Bill and Harry had chosen their target person and were beginning to fire pellets at them, opting for single shot to prolong the experience. They quickly got the hand of how to aim the guns and soon were hitting their targets accurately, accompanied by sharp cries as a pellet connected with nipples, pussy lips and clits
Chloe came first, rocking on the Sybian as he writhed as much as she could to dissipate the sensations coursing through her clit. The assistant had been instructed to increase the vibrations by 10% each time Chloe came, so the pitch of the vibrations raised slightly. Chloe responded by starting a high keening wail, moving her body to try to lessen the power of the vibrations, but to no avail.
Next it was Bess' turn to cum, writhing in her frame, torturing her breasts as the rope bit deeply into her flesh. The assistant had been instructed to increase the wand to high speed after three obvious orgasms, so he just continued to observe.
Yvonne and Cheri were showing the effects of their torture, bleeding from several wounds where the skin had been broken, including their pussy lips, clit and nipples, which appeared to be obvious favourite targets. They were writhing in pain and possibly sexual stimulation, and were very vocal, exclaiming each time they were hit and moaning in between shots.
After another few minutes Chloe came again and was rewarded with an increase in speed, Bess also came again, stronger this time as she screamed in agony as her movements pulled on her stretched breasts.
Bill and Harry ran out of ammunition, much to Yvonne and Chloe's relief.
"Thank you Bill and Harry. Now, who plays darts here?" Several hands were raised in the audience. The MC picked two guys and invited them on to the stage. They gave their names.
"Let's have a big hand for our dart experts, Vic and Colin."
The audience applauded at the same time as Chloe came for a third time with a scream.
Vic and Colin were each given 25 modified darts. They noticed the points were only half an inch long to reduce the likelihood of inflicting any permanent damage. The MC waited until Bess' screams from her orgasm died down before telling Vic and Colin to fire away, using the girls as dart boards.
"Your main targets are nipples and clits. So a direct hit on a nipple or clit is ten points, in the aureole or pussy lips is five points. No other hits score. Fire at will."
They both began throwing darts at the two helpless girls. After a few sighters, landing in breast flesh, thighs and abdomen, Yvonne screamed as Vic hit her clit in the centre.
"No, no more, ooohhh, it's so painful, ooohhh stop, please." She wailed.
A few seconds later another scream came from Chloe as she writhed and sagged on the Sybian, covered in sweat from the continual stimulation. Bess followed in a few seconds, once again torturing her purple breasts as she swung in her bonds.
Cheri screamed next as one of Colin's darts hit her left nipple, followed in quick succession by another scream and heartfelt sobbing as a dart penetrated between her pussy lips and buried itself in her cunt entrance.
The noise on stage continued as both 'dartboards' received more frequent hits in sensitive areas and as Chloe and Bess had more frequent and more intense orgasms until they were cumming almost continuously, with both machines on high speed, writhing and screaming.
After about 5 minutes Vic and Colin had thrown all their darts and their targets were writhing in pain. Chloe went silent and collapsed into the Sybian, being supported by her assistant, who turned the machine off, unstrapped her and lay her on the stage, completely passed out. A short time later Bess went silent and just hung in the frame. Her assistant released her and lowered her, supporting her as he laid her on the stage also.
Once relative quiet reigned again, the MC counted the scores.
"We have a winner," he announced, "With six direct hits and ten in the aureole and pussy, Colin is the winner. Vic's score is four and seven hits respectively. Your job now, Vic and Colin, is to remove the darts from your targets' bodies."
Both guys began pulling their darts from the flesh of Yvonne and Cheri. As each dart was removed, the girls cried out in pain as the removal process was as painful as the penetration. After a few minutes the process was complete and each girl was released and assistants treated their wounds with antiseptic and anaesthetic blood clotting lotion.
Chloe and Bess slowly regained consciousness and were helped to stand by their assistants. The audience cheered them uproariously, giving them a standing ovation. They were helped from the stage by their assistants, who returned with two staple guns.
"So now we have the finale. Each gun has 50 staples. Normally for this type of duel we use short staples, about an eighth of an inch, which just pierce the skin and no more. In view of the significance of tonight, Yvonne and Cheri have agreed to use longer staples, half an inch in length. They realise that this will be far more painful but have decided it is a good cause. Thank you Yvonne and Cheri."
The audience applauded the brave girls.
"So, this duel takes place one staple at a time, with the girls either taking turns or firing simultaneously. There is a safe word, leprechaun, which if either girl says it, will stop the whole process, but the other girl will be the winner of quite a substantial prize donated by Greg and Marcie. Stand up Please Greg and Marcie."
They stood and the audience cheered them, they then sat again. While they were standing they noticed two rows behind them that Vicki was still seated on Todd's lap, cuddling into him with her head resting on his shoulder, probably still impaled on his cock.
Todd moved slightly, repositioning his cock inside Vicki. He thought she had cum once but had stifled it against his neck, and every now and again he felt her cunt muscles twitch, which sent an electric shock feeling through his cock and balls. He massaged her breast that he was cupping, squeezing her nipple and eliciting a soft moan and a small movement of her hips. Both of them were in a gentle, loving heaven, brought about, Todd remembered, by his own sexy partners.
"In the case where neither contestant uses the safe word, the winner will be judged by who has made the most artistic patterns on the other with the staples. Right girls, off you go. Happy stapling."
Yvonne and Cheri began circling each other, working out where they would strike first. Yvonne made the first move, pressing her staple gun against Cheri's breast, aiming it so that one leg of the staple would enter her nipple and the other would penetrate vertically above it in the aureole. She pulled the trigger. The high powered gun forced the staple through Cheri's skin, penetrating to its full depth in her soft flesh. Cheri recoiled, letting out a howl, clutching her breast with her free hand and rocking on her feet from the shock of the pain.
Cheri attacked Yvonne, also aiming for her nipple but stapling horizontally. She pulled the trigger, causing Yvonne to recoil, gasp for air and scream. The two girls took turns after this, realising that nothing was to be gained by fighting each other but that the audience deserved a good show.
Gradually as the duel progressed the pattern of staples on their breasts was established. Once the pattern on both breasts had been completed, they began extending the pattern down the abdomen to the pussy area. They went down on all fours, circling like dogs greeting each other. They both pushed their guns against the lower end of their pussy lips, lined them up carefully so that one leg of the staple would go through each lip, then Yvonne said "On three, OK?"
Yvonne counted. "One, two, three."
Both girls shot a staple into the other's pussy lips simultaneously, then collapsed forward, screaming and moaning from the pain. After a few seconds for recovery, they repeated the performance, placing the next staple about half an inch forward of the first, again stapling the other's lips together. On three they both fired, screamed, collapsed forward, recovered then repeated the process.
This continued until each girl had her pussy lips stapled together at half inch spacing from the rearward end to just below her clit hood. They calculated how many staples were left – they had used 12 in each breast, another 12 down the abdomen, and eight to seal the pussy lips. They had about six staples left.
Yvonne took the lead again.
"I want you on your back with legs drawn back and wide apart," she told Cheri.
Cheri got into this position. Yvonne pressed her staple gun against Yvonne's clit hood, estimating where her clit was located and aiming to place a staple leg through the head of her clit. She pulled the trigger.
Cheri convulsed in pain, dropping her gun and using both hands to hold her pussy as she rolled on the floor in agony, screaming loudly. After at least a minute she regained some composure and instructed Yvonne to assume the same position, then made the same shot at her clit. Yvonne reacted in a similar way, regaining composure but sobbing silently as she shot a second staple into Cheri's clit. This process continued, neither girl willing to lose by using the safe word as that would prevent her from exacting revenge on the other.
Finally Yvonne ran out of staples, meaning Cheri also would be out. They lay on the stage, panting and sobbing quietly from the excruciating pain racking the most sensitive parts of their bodies.
"Let's have a huge hand for Yvonne and Cheri," said the MC.
The whole audience erupted in cheering, clapping, whistling and other forms of approval as everyone rose to their feet.
"I don't think there is just one winner, they are both winners," continued the MC, "So thanks to Greg and Marcie's generosity they have donated another equivalent prize so both girls are suitably rewarded. These prizes are all expenses paid holidays to the Bahamas for two weeks for each girl and a partner. While on holiday, they also receive full pay from 'Dana's' while they recover from their wounds."
Again there was a huge wave of clapping and cheering from the audience.
Greg and Marcie checked out the scene behind them. Todd and Vicki were still locked in their loving embrace.
"I wouldn't be surprised if we get another member in our family soon," Marcie told Greg, "Those two seem to be a unit from what I can see."
"Hmmm, I agree. Oh well, I guess that's fine. Maybe she'll share her favours with us like Julie does."
"Lusty old bugger," replied Marcie, feeling his cock with her hand, "Just as I thought, half hard just from the thought."
Meantime Yvonne and Cheri had left the stage and the MC was announcing the next game, a Sybian relay race in which four teams of four women would cum on a Sybian, the first team to have all women cum being the winner. Those four women would then play against themselves, the first woman to have two orgasms being the overall winner.
"So do we have sixteen volunteers from the audience or do I need to draw tickets?" asked the MC.
"Tickets," was the cry from the audience.
The MC drew sixteen pink tickets, in four groups of four, and the women drawn went onto the stage.
"Now, it isn't necessary for you to strip if you don't want to, all you need is to remove your knickers. If you want to strip feel free to do so now."
Many stripped but a few, mainly older women, simply kicked their knickers off.
The team members in each team introduced themselves to each other and decided the order.
"Right, first women on the Sybians please."
One woman from each team sat on the dildo projecting from their Sybian.
"Before we begin, have a look at these teams and decide which is your favourite team to win. Betting for the winning team is now open for five minutes."
While betting took place, the women stayed as they were on stage, talking amongst themselves, trying to release their nervous energy.
Todd and Vicki were still coupled and Vicki started moving gently, using her cunt muscles to stimulate Todd's cock which was buried deep in her cunt. His cock head was moving slowly and gently over her cervix, stimulating them both and gradually, gently and lovingly bringing them both closer to orgasm.
"Right, betting is closed. The race begins. On your marks, set, go."
Instantly the controller of each Sybian turned the knobs and the hall was filled with the buzzing sound of high speed Sybian vibrations. Everyone watched as the women on the machines closed their eyes, focussing on cumming as soon as possible. It took only two minutes before the woman in team two screamed and collapsed in orgasm. She was roughly lifted off the machine by her team mates, one of whom then sat down on the dildo. The machine started again almost before she was fully seated while her team mates assisted the woman who had just cum.
This scene was repeated quickly with the other three teams so that all were on their second woman. Another two minutes and the woman in team two came hard, arching her back before being removed unceremoniously by her team members and another woman sat on the machine. A few seconds later team three also swapped, followed by team one and four in quick succession.
Marcie had bet on team four because she saw that Becks was in that team and knew she held the record of sixteen seconds for cumming on a Sybian. But team four was coming last! Oh well, it's only a game, thought Marcie.
Team two was again ahead at the last change, followed by team one, three and four in very quick succession. Becks was now on the Sybian for team four, about 45 seconds behind the winning team two. Marcie and Greg watched as she closed her eyes, focussing her attention on cumming. Eighteen seconds later she came with a loud scream, collapsing onto the machine as she came hard, as she always did. Team two trailed by a few seconds, followed by teams one and three. Becks' team mates surrounded her, supporting her after her hard orgasm and rejoicing in her ability to cum so fast. They then toned their jubilation down, realising that this was who they were competing against in the next round.
"Thank you all, lovely ladies. Team four can just rest here while the other teams leave the stage and collect a free drinks voucher."
They all filed off stage.
"Now, we have five minutes while these women recuperate, and during which time you may bet on your favourite. Remember, each girl has to cum twice in order to win."
The betting favoured Becks quite heavily but Marcie knew that she sometimes had a slow recovery rate because she came so hard. She was also the last of the group to cum. So Marcie backed the first girl in the group as she would have had a greater recovery time. She also noted that Todd and Vicki seemed to be in their own little world, oblivious to everything else, and noted the small movements they were making as they made deep, gentle and very passionate love. She calculated that they had been together like this for over an hour.
"Betting is closed, let's have these lovely ladies sit on their machines and we'll get this show on the road."
The four women sat on their dildos, all four of them naked now.
"On your marks, set, go."
Instantly the sound of vibrations filled the room as the women worked towards their first orgasm. Marcie watched Becks as well as her pick. Becks had her head thrown back and was working her hips, trying to gain the maximum stimulation possible. After just over three minutes the first girl came, followed closely by Marcie's choice, then the other girl and finally Becks. A murmur went around the room as Becks, who was obviously the favourite was coming last. Marcie watched as Becks settled down for the second one. She was at least a minute behind and so had to catch up more than a minute if she was to win. The girl Marcie backed was looking good, torturing her breasts while moving her hips with her head thrown back, a study of sexual concentration.
Becks grabbed her sensitive nipples and twisted hard. This sensation nearly always brought on an orgasm, but not so much today. She counted and realised she had already cum hard more than ten times today, maybe she was asking too much of her body. She twisted and squeezed her nipples one last time which pushed her over the edge. She screamed as she came, her scream being matched at exactly the same time by the first woman who Marcie had backed. Both Becks and the other women slowed their machines then stopped them, resting as they leaned forward, covered in sweat from the extreme effort. The other two women came a few seconds apart a good half minute later.
"It looks like we have a dead heat," said the MC. "Will you two ladies come here please. Can the other two ladies please collect your consolation prizes of drink vouchers as you leave the stage. Thank you."
The two losing ladies walked off the stage with their clothes and Becks and the other girl, named Marilyn, went over to the MC.
"We need a tie breaker," he announced. "Ladies, you have two minutes to find a gentleman from the audience. You will then bring the gentleman onto the stage and perform fellatio on him. The first woman to show me his cum on her tongue will win. Just to help you, will guys who would be willing to be fellated by these lovely women on stage please raise your hands. There you are ladies, take your pick."
Becks and Marilyn both walked into the audience and selected a guy each who they thought looked promising. They returned to the stage.
"So, it goes like this. When I give the word to start you will expose your partner's cock and start work on it. The first one to show me his cum on her tongue wins. Ready, set, go."
Both women unzipped their partners but only Becks pulled down his trousers and shorts, Marilyn just pulling his cock through the hole. Becks then started working on her partner's cock, getting him harder and cupping and kneading his balls with her hand. In a few moments Becks had him raring to go, thrusting his hips forward in fucking motions. She focussed on his cock head with her tongue, especially the very sensitive spot just below the head, at the same time churning his balls. The guy lasted less than two minutes, cumming hard in Becks' mouth. Becks immediately stood and showed the MC his cum on her tongue, while her partner stood there, cock still spurting cum onto the floor.
"We have a winner," announced the MC.
Becks thanked her partner, who asked if he could have her contact details for some more of the same service. Becks told him where she was and he said he'd be in touch. She gave him a kiss which he said tasted of his cum.
Meanwhile Marilyn's partner had cum and Marilyn thanked him, the MC thanked Marilyn and instructed her to take her clothes and collect her consolation prize as she left and they both walked off the stage.
The MC announced Becks as the winner and gave her the prize voucher. Several guys called out wanting her phone number, to which she just smiled. She then walked off the stage and back to Chris and Gabby, who congratulated her, Chris claiming some of the prize as he had provided her with so much practice in the past.
The MC announced that the formal part of the night was drawing to a close but that 'Dana's' was still open for many hours for informal private or public sessions with the many willing prostitutes and strippers who worked there, and that the Sybian suite was open for women who wished to experience that. He wished everyone a safe journey home and a good night.
Todd and Vicki were still deeply engrossed in each other and both were approaching the point of no return after a long time together. Neither could think of a time when love making had taken so long or been so enjoyable. Todd started moving more and faster, thrusting deeply then withdrawing, only to thrust again, crushing and releasing Vicki's clit. She gave a small gasp and whispered in his ear, "Darling, I'm nearly there, cum in me honey."
This drove Todd to greater lengths, feeling his orgasm starting to wash over him as he felt Vicki bury her face against his neck to stifle her screams and moans. She came hard, writhing and wriggling her hips against Todd as he ejaculated a huge load of cum into the end of her cunt. They clasped each other tightly, experiencing the feeling of being one body, one soul, together forever.
Gradually they came back to earth from wherever they had been for the past while. They drew apart slightly, noticing a few people looking at them lovingly.
"Darling, you are fantastic," said Vicki, "Can you please take me home with you? Can we be lovers forever, please sweetheart?"
"Yes, of course I can take you home with me. You can sleep with me in my big bed with my other two lovers, the ones who selected you. I'm sure you'll all get along wonderfully well."
Vicki did a double take. Two other lovers, all in one bed. Ah, what the hell, she decided, I'm not letting this one off the hook.
"Thank you darling," she replied. "Right now I need to go and clean up. Don't go far," she said with a twinkle in her eye and a kiss as she stood up, her dress immediately covering her lower half. She dripped her way to the ladies room and used many tissues cleaning up the mess as Todd's cum leaked from her cunt. Todd simply pulled up his shorts and zipped his trousers, then went to find Dana and Trudi.
"You smell of sex," said Dana, "Yummy. How was she?"
"Amazing. We've been making love for about two hours. Absolutely incredible. She wants to come home with me. Is that OK if we have a fourth in our bed?"
"Of course, sweetheart, a bit of new blood will be great. Maybe you can make another baby seeing she's young enough. That'd be fun."
Trudi agreed that it was fine to bring Vicki home to sleep in their bed. In fact, what about leaving now? Todd left to find Vicki.
"OK, that's all sorted. Come and meet two of the three most wonderful women in the world."
Todd introduced Vicki to Trudi and Dana, who of course had met, but not formally.
"Vicki, Dana and Trudi have agreed that you can share our bed and have suggested we go home now. Is that OK with you?"
"Thank you so much. I'll tell you all more about me tonight. Right now I'm just so pleased I won't be sleeping alone again tonight."
Vicki gave them all a kiss, latched onto Todd's arm and they left, joining Marcie, Pam and Greg in the first minibus waiting at the door. On the journey Todd told Marcie and Greg a bit about Vicki and asked if it was OK if she lives with them all, at least for a while.
"I told you so," said Marcie to Greg. "Yes, of course it is fine," she continued to Todd and Vicki.
When they arrived home they all stepped out of the minibus, thanked the driver and walked inside.
"Anyone for a spa pool?" asked Todd, "I'm certainly having one."
All but Pam agreed, asking to be excused because she really needed to sleep. Marcie and Greg found some nibbles and drinks while the other four stripped and jumped into the pool, Vicki alongside Todd with her hand possessively on his cock. They placed the drinks and nibbles within reach on a floating tray.
"What an awesome night," said Marcie. "They really went all out to make it the best they could. A really terrific variety of items, although I felt sorry for those girls used as dartboards."
"Yes, I totally agree," said Dana. "I would have liked them to have had a rubber duel as well. I really enjoy those. Could we organise one for tomorrow please?"
"Well, I guess we could," said Marcie. "Remember we have Amy's whipping at midday, we also have people wanting their rings fitted and many are leaving early afternoon. What say we organise breakfast at 10 and a rubber duel at 11, before Amy's whipping?"
"That sounds fine by me," replied Todd, "This time I think as many as possible should experience the rubber duel, guys as well. Usually it's only been done with women but the stretched rubber hitting a guy's balls and cock head is something that should be experienced – at least once," he grinned.
"I hope it won't do any permanent damage," said a concerned Vicki," I certainly wouldn't like to lose him just when I've found him."
"No, it's unlikely to cause any permanent damage. You'll be able to experience it as well. In fact, there are lots of things you can experience here if you're keen," replied Marcie. "So tell us a bit about you and a bit about what you want from staying here."
Vicki told about her life, being kicked out of home when she was 18 because she had a boyfriend in her bedroom, finding and losing a partner and feeling totally lost and alone. She said she was 22 and had no job, although she had trained as an accountant and had completed her professional qualifications in that area.
"Well, you're most welcome to stay here as long as you wish, with one proviso," she grinned, "Pam's husband David passed a few months ago and for years he did all the accounts for the household and for 'Dana's'. Would you be interested in taking over that role?"
"Oh yes, you mean I get a lover, a home and a job within a couple of hours! Wow, that's fantastic. Thank you so much."
Vicki gave Marcie and Greg huge hugs of gratitude, then gave Todd a hug and kiss, before giving Dana and Trudi hugs and kisses as well.
Marcie, Greg, Todd, Dana and Trudi spent the next little while filling in life at this residence, the facilities that are available and a typical day, if such a thing existed. Vicki was enthralled and so wanted to try everything at once. However, she knew enough to tread lightly and slowly, so spent a lot of time listening.
After a little longer they were joined by several other people, who were intrigued to meet Vicki, then they all climbed out of the pool, Marcie wrote up the modified timetable on the notice board, and they all went to bed.
Dana thought it was strange having an extra person in the bed. It meant that someone couldn't cuddle up to Todd. However, she was sure it could be made to work. Trudi cuddled up to Todd, caressing his cock.
"You got any left for us or did you use it all up in Vicki?" she asked.
"I've always got some for you and Dana," replied Todd. Who's first?"
Trudi grabbed his cock and pulled it towards her side of the bed, causing Todd to roll onto her in her preferred fucking position, at least for tonight.
"Come on, big boy, stick it my little old cunt."
Todd did, watched by Vicki and Dana who both assisted by massaging Trudi's breasts and nipples. After a few minutes Trudi started panting.
"I'm nearly there, fuck me hard, darling."
He did, and he was helped by Vicki who gave him a hard whack on his arse as he and Trudi came, causing him to give an extra hard thrust, squeezing Trudi's clit and driving her to cum hard. They relaxed for a few minutes before Todd rolled off Trudi and Dana jumped on him as he lay on his back.
"My turn, sweetheart."
She caressed his balls and cock, pumping it hard again over a couple of minutes. Then she sat down on him, forcing his cock to the end of her cunt. She began a rapid rhythm, pumping him with her cunt, driving them both towards their orgasms. Vicki sat behind Dana, reaching around her body and teasing, caressing, cradling and squeezing her breasts. It was only a few minutes until she was cumming, squeezing Todd's cock with her well-developed cunt muscles and forcing him to cum again hard.
They came down from their high quickly, Dana lying forward onto Todd's chest.
"What an amazing lover," she murmured in his ear.
"Thank you darling, and thank you all. You have all given me so much pleasure tonight."
They all snuggled up in bed and slept soundly.