I'm standing in my bedroom looking at my reflection in my full length wardrobe mirrors. I was just about to twirl around to view my full reflection of my lingerie clad body, when my husband walked into the bedroom, stopped at the doorway and sighed.
"Are you really wearing that lot tonight?" He said almost despondently.
"Of course I am!" I replied triumphantly.
I was standing before him, wearing a shocking pink PVC quarter cup bra which cupped my full 36 DD breasts magnificently, with my erect pierced nipples jutting forward proudly. My waist was being cinched by a shocking pink PVC Waspie with black PVC trim, from which black seamed stockings were attached to the garter straps. The stockings were very long and shiny with the tops only inches from the tops of my legs, leaving a small gap of flesh between the tops of my stockings and the hairless slit of my shaved pussy. My petite feet were standing proudly in a pair of shiny black spike heeled court shoes, with a thin ankle strap, which was fastened with tiny shiny silver bondage locks. My ass and pussy were exposed as I'd decided to forego the shocking pink PVC thong, for the moment at least, and with a very good reason for the omission.
Hubby's eyes were on stalks as the jealous streak within him came to the surface. He approved of the erotic lingerie for his own eyes, but not so much the concept of me adorning this look and venturing outside the boudoir for the possibility of others to enjoy the intended effect.
"I'm all for you doing a little teasing and flirting, but this will definitely send out the wrong signals!" He sighed.
"I think this will send out the right signals! I love to tease and show off and judging by your reaction after every time I do, it's obvious that you also approve!" I smiled.
"Babe the last few times, do you not think you went a bit too far?" He asked in a begging tone.
"One guy tried to feel me up when I danced with him, but I didn't let him! If you keep on acting like this I just may let one of them feel me up and maybe more!" I answered in rather dominant voice.
"Plus if memory serves, when we got back home you fucked me like a crazed animal!" I replied stroking my shaved pussy as I did so.
"What are you planning to wear on top?" He enquired trying to change the subject.
"I'm going to wear a new shocking pink Lycra PVC dress with a tight mini skirt effect. It zips all the way down the front! The zip is two way and can opened from the bottom or the top!" I stated "Here help me into it!" I continued holding the small pink fabric in my hand and handing it to hubby.
"There doesn't seem to be much of it?" He gulped.
"Wait until you see it on. It's very sexy and very slutty!" I giggled "And you know I like to be sexy and slutty!"
I held up the dress as I slipped my arms through the short sleeves. Clicking the zip into the hold at cleavage level, I asked hubby to pull the zip the full length and smooth my dress over my lingerie. Hubby slowly pulled the zip down my stomach and over my pussy. The dress was clinging to every contour of very curvy body as he continued sliding the zipper further down until it rested at the bottom seam just above my knees. He smoothed the dress over my Waspie and the garter straps which thankfully still protruded through the material of the dress. My pierced nipples were pushing against the thin PVC material, revealing the shape of my nipples and the jewelry attached, giving a very slutty look to the ensemble. Looking at my reflection in the mirror, I was delighted at the result that the shocking pink tight shiny dress was having on my delectable curvy figure. Hubby ran his hands over my cinched waist feeling the PVC Waspie beneath. His face reddened with sexual pleasure as his hands followed the garter straps down my pert buttocks sheathed in the pink Lycra. The extra long stockings were covered by the pink Lycra mini-dress, but if I moved as provocatively as the last time I went out dancing then they wouldn't be hidden for long.
"Are you enjoying what you feel?" I asked with a warm sultry voice as hubby snaked his hands all over the Pink second skin.
"Fuck yeah!" He responded.
"Good!" I replied "Then my dance partners tonight will also enjoy the sensations!" I completed in a dismissive tone.
"So you're really going dressed like that! You're actually going to let guys brush up against you while you dance with them?" He asked in what sounded like a defeated manner.
"Absolutely! That's the whole intention of dressing like this! I'm also not wearing panties so that if my dance partner gets and erection during our dirty dancing, when he pushes his hard cock against me, my pussy will feel the sensation without him actually fucking me!" I teased.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" He groaned.
"I've told you, if you keep this moaning up, not only will I let them feel me up, I may just take things further and have one of them inside me. Now is that what you want?" I demanded.
Hubby recoiled in horror as I spoke the harsh words. He was jealous of that there was no doubt, but I recently discovered a little voyeuristic streak he possessed, which he would never admit too. However with my exhibitionist nature, I never felt the need to expose his tendencies, but rather to use them to my advantage. In the recent past we had played out this little scenario on a few occasions, when we would go to a dance club, with me draped in something outrageously tight and sexy, revealing as much of my curvy figure as possible. We'd enter the club with me scoping the venue for potential tease victims and hubby would go to the bar and order some drinks. On the last few occasions that we did this, hubby would return to where he had left me, usually on the peripherals of the dance floor, to find me missing from my location and on the dance floor dancing quite provocatively with some young stud. The last time we did this, my dance partner, a rather sexy looking guy, got quite fresh with me, running his strong hands all over my body, up and down my back which was totally bare as the dress I wore was a tight little black number with the back exposed, which from certain angles gave a nice view of my side boob. His hands ventured onto my butt once or twice which I never rebuked, moving slowly around my waist quite a lot, and very saucily up my side just enough to stroke my exposed side boob. At one point of our dance I turned my back to him, arching my back and twerking my butt into his crotch like some rap video slut. His groin area was now sporting a very prominent erection, which my hip movements swirled around inside his tight trousers. As I swayed my hips into his crotch, my legs were slightly parted with my movements, which stretched the hem of my mini-dress almost to breaking point, making the hem ride up my thighs, almost revealing my taut butt cheeks. His erection was pushing my tight black lace thong further into my slit, as my pussylips slid outside the invading thong and rubbed the length of his trouser clad snake. I made a mental to forego panties in future. My pussylips became extra sensitive to his throbbing cock as he pushed the hard trousered clad flesh deep into my willing almost cheating hole. My hips swayed, moving back and forth, encouraging his probing cock to enjoy my sex crazed pussy. My breathing quickened as the passionate effect of my unfaithful situation engulfed me. His hands ventured up my side boob as his fingers stretched across my breasts, making contact with my erect pierced nipples. Fortunately for me, hubby couldn't see all of our antics as were deep in the centre of dance floor out of the way of prying eyes. My erotic imagination drifted off; picturing myself naked wearing only black leather thigh length boots as my partner drove his hard cock into my hot wet pussy as the crowd watched our sexual antics. I half closed my eyes as my partner worked his trouser covered cock into my aroused slot. Without even knowing each other's names, my dance partner pulled my hair gently, raising my head toward his. He kissed my neck and ran his tongue along my ear and whispered.
"I want to fuck you!"
I squirmed as his trouser clad snake pushed my thong deeper into my crack. My pussylips were now shrouding his trouser covered cock, almost kissing his length with their hot flesh, as I began to feel the first stirrings of orgasmic pleasure. His fingers were deftly teasing my erect nipples, playing delicately with my nipple jewelry as he pushed his cock deeper into my slit making me buck like a wanton slut. If he had unzipped his cock I would have taken his length willingly as my state of arousal was now at its peak.
"I can feel your hot tight pussy rubbing against my cock!" He whispered.
I slowly rotated my hips, feeling his hard cock push into my hole, opening my pussylips as his hard flesh delighted my pussy.
"I can feel your hard cock sliding inside me!" I replied with just a hint of menace.
His hands were working my erect nipples expertly as he began to gently push back and forth against my willing opening.
"Is this pussy shaved as it feels very smooth?" He grinned as he panted into my ear.
"It's always shaved and it's always wet!" I smiled acting like a brazen slut "Do you like that?"
His hand moved from my breast and made its way down my stomach toward my pussy.
His index finger stroked the soft skin of my shaved pussy as the tip of his finger found my slit. Running his finger over my thong covered slit, he pushed gently onto my clitoris and moved his finger in a slow circular motion. I was shocked and thrilled at how easy I'd let him feel my shaved pussy. With his cock pushing against my opening and his finger delighting my clitoris, I felt a delicious orgasm surge through my pussy. I kept twerking my hips on his cock, dry humping his erection until my orgasm had completed. My pussy juice was covering the strained material of his trouser covered cock as my orgasm waned and subsided.
I pushed my pussy against his hard cock one last time, feeling his magnificent length invading my married quim. He must have been at least an inch inside me, as his cock throbbed, sending sexual electric pulses through my cunt. The sensation of his trouser clad cock spearing me was delightful to say the least as my twerking pushed his cock deeper.
Regaining my senses momentarily, I turned toward him removing his slime covered snake from my pussy, placing my arms around his neck I gave him a peck on the cheek and said.
"Sorry Honey not tonight. My husband has just walked in!" Turning away from him, I left him on the dance floor sporting the biggest erection I've ever encountered. The enormous sense of frustration I was feeling was counter balanced by the bitch effect I felt of leaving him high and dry. The perfect act of cock-teasing had just been completed.
Walking off the dance floor I approached my hubby standing on the edge of the dance floor as he handed me my drink. I was in a high state of arousal from my dance floor antics as I smiled at him with half closed eyes.
I kissed him on the cheek and said.
"Let's find a seat!"
As we took our seats in cosy little booth, I leant back in my seat, thrusting my erect nipples forward. My passion was still stirring as I pressed my thighs together, feeling my thong separate my pussylips and rub against my unhooded clitoris.
Hubby stared at me with a stern look on his face.
"I fucking saw you dancing with that guy. Did you need to dance so dirty and let him feel you up like that, like some dirty slut?" He said rather angrily.
His anger and his words aroused me.
"I dance the way the music demands, plus he wasn't feeling me up, those were dance moves!" I lied with a sexy smile.
"I'm not fucking blind. He had bent you over and was dry humping you from behind and you let him feel your tits!" He said in an angry voice.
"He was dancing and my tits swayed into his hand, which he apologized for!" I continued with my charade.
Hubby stared at me then looked away shaking his head in disbelief. I smiled to myself knowing that my husband's jealous anger would be transposed to pure lust when we returned home.
"Fuck me! If you dance like that when I'm in the room what the fuck do you get up to when I'm not there?" He scowled.
"Listen carefully; I only dance like that when you're here! It gets me hot and it makes you jealous which means that when we get home you'll fuck me wildly, so everyone is a winner!" I responded.
"I've just watched you dance with a total stranger and it looked like you were fucking each other!" he said rather dejectedly.
"You should be proud that you have a hotwife that men find attractive!" I smiled.
Hubby just shrugged his shoulders and smoldered in self pity, but true to form when we returned home, he would fuck me hard and furious, just the way a good slut likes to be drilled!
As the memory of that lusty night filtered through my mind as I paraded around my bedroom trussed up in a tight pink dress with the most provocative lingerie beneath. I looked at my hubby standing before me, looking at my outrageous dress and thinking about what I intending doing whilst wearing it! He was most definitely in the first twisted stages of his jealous strop and this was before we even got out of the house. I strolled around the bedroom seductively, enjoying the sensations of wearing the erotic lingerie beneath my tight pink slutty dress.
"You're not going to wear panties?" He stammered.
"Of course I'm not!" I replied "When I dance close with my partner, when I feel his hard cock push into my groin, my shaved pussylips will open and it will feel as though he's fucking me!"
"You can't be serious?" Hubby gasped.
"Too fucking right I am! When the guy feels my stockings and garters with my pierced nipples rubbing into his chest, when I turn around to twerk my ass into his crotch, his hard cock will push against my hairless mound and my pussylips will grab his trouser covered cock! It will feel so sexy and slutty, simulating hard sex and knowing that you're there also watching me acting so slutty and that the guy is desperate to fuck me! Having his covered cock give me a little pleasure and letting him enjoy my shaved pussy is my little thank you to him" I smiled.
Hubby looked at me with a mixture of shock and obvious arousal.
"You're a twisted bitch!" Hubby exclaimed
Grabbing his crotch I felt the hardest erection he had produced in quite some time.
"And you're so fucking turned on at the thought of it!" I giggled.
"But you're going to let a stranger push his cock, albeit trouser covered into your pussy?" He squirmed.
"Every time I dance with a guy he gets hard and pushes it into my crotch! As I'm not wearing panties, when I twerk my ass at him, bending over slightly, rubbing my pussy against his cock, I may just hold my buttocks and separate them a little, which will open my pussy up and allow his covered cock to plunge a little deeper! Fuck me that would be such a turn on don't you think?" I smiled with such a lustful look.
"You'd really do that?" Hubby almost shrieked.
"Fuck yeah!" I whispered "And if I arch my back he may just get a glimpse of his hard covered cock sliding between my swollen pussylips and into my shaved pussy! Oh my god that would be so fucking hot, don't you think?" I continued, teasing my husband.
My pussy was tingling with lustful excitement at the prospect of teasing some random stranger to this level. The idea of a stranger pushing his cock into me was driving me crazy and judging by the look on his face it was driving hubby insane with jealousy and desire.
"But if he could see your shaved pussy grabbing his cock, then he would also see your asshole!" Hubby gulped.
"Fucking hell! There's a thought! If he could see that, and with what I was doing to him then he'd definitely want to touch it! He'd think he was going to get to fuck me! Oh my god this is fantastic. Imagine just how slutty I will be this evening?" I said in a very husky tone "I wouldn't be able to control myself and may have to let him touch and finger my ass while he brings me off with his hard cock rubbing inside my pussy! You'd be OK with that, wouldn't you? It would just be touching and feeling, nothing more!" I said to hubby looking him directly in the eye.
Hubby stood before me totally speechless.
"I'd be coming home to you, to be fucked hard and furious by you, but it would be a turn on to arouse a total stranger and feel his hot cock bringing me off as his finger slid inside my ass!" I smiled as my breathing quickened "It would only be fair to let him stroke my hairless pussy and give my clit a little attention as a reward, don't you think?"
Hubby was now in a state of suspended disbelief.
"C'mon lets go before you explode with lust!" I giggled.