Greetings all, I again wish to thank all who have read, voted, and commented on this series. This story is a work of fiction and fantasy. The events depicted did not and should not happen in real life. Any similarities to real persons are strictly coincidental. I also need to state that everyone in this chapter is above the age of 18.
I also wish to thank Steve for all his assistance while I write. His thoughts and corrections are very welcome.
Please enjoy my story. Vote and/or comment.
*****
I slept like a log during the night and when my alarm went off I jumped out of bed. I was having such nice dreams. Well, I thought they were nice. It was about Amber dominating me and I was doing everything she told me. I was even teaching class naked so all my students could see me. I hope I will never have to do that for her, but it was so exciting in my dream.
I jumped out of bed, fixed me some coffee and went to get a shower. Once I cleaned up, I shaved my cunt so there was no stubble down there. I didn't want to make her mad at me, because she would probably beat my cunt with the ruler like she did my tits. She said she wanted to and I didn't want to give her a reason to do it.
Once I was finished showering, I had a small breakfast and knew I was to walk out of my house naked to go to school. I was not happy about driving around naked, but that's what she wanted from me. Once again, I prayed she was at the school with some clothes for me to wear. I knew I had to be careful on the drive in, but at the same time, I felt like I needed to do this. My cunt was dripping already and I knew it was going to be an exciting day.
I walked out of my front door, turned and locked it, then went to my car. I was stark ass naked when I did and I felt the juice running down my legs already. I drove very carefully to the school and when I pulled into the lot, I saw Amber's car in the student area. But, all teachers must park in the teacher area. They don't want teachers and students together very much. Just in the classroom. Little they know about what happens between teachers and students.
I thought back to some of the things I have seen since being a part of this school. I have been to parties where the students and teachers are all together. They drink together and dance with each other. The board of education has no clue and no one tells them. I'm sure other things happen too, but I don't think any of the teachers have ever done what I am doing for a student.
Once I was parked, I had no idea where Amber wanted to meet me, so I waited for her to tell me. I didn't have to wait very long and my phoned pinged with a message. It said, 'Meet me at the back door today, but walk around the front of the school to get here.'
She was going to put me in front of the school again, but at least I wouldn't be there for long. I got out of my car, locked it, and proceeded toward the front of the school through the parking lot. I passed the student parking lot and thought I saw someone in Amber's car. But maybe it was just my imagination.
I walked past the front doors and then down the walkway to the side of the building. I hurried around the side toward the back of the school. And, there was Amber at the back door waiting for me. She had her camera out and I knew she was videotaping my naked walk at the school.
I walked up to where she was waiting and said, "Good Morning Mistress."
She giggled and said, "And a very good morning to you my slave. You look so hot when you are naked. I just want to keep you like that forever."
I got a very worried look and said, "Mistress, I can't stay naked forever. I can't teach class while naked. They would fire me and I would go to jail."
Amber laughed at me and said, "I know that slave. I said I would like to keep you naked forever. I didn't say I was going to."
I sighed from the relief I felt and said, "Yes Mistress, thank you Mistress."
"Now, I have some things for you to do, so we need to get you in your class room before I can let you put some clothes on." She said, "Now unlock the door and let's go to your room. Do you have to pee?"
I said, "Yes Mistress I do need to pee. Thank you for taking care of me."
I don't know why I thanked her, but I did. But, I did have to pee before classes started.
She smiled and said "Very well, we pass the boys room on the way to class. You can pee in there."
I had never been in a boy's bathroom before and didn't want to go there now. But, I didn't think I had much choice in the matter. She was going to make me do it anyways. We walked down the hall together. She was fully dressed and I was totally naked. I didn't even have shoes on.
We walked down the hall and when we got to the boy's bathroom she said, "OK my slave. We are going inside and you get to pee in a urinal. Then, I am going to let you write on one of the walls of a stall. Ready?"
We went into the boy's bathroom. It wasn't anything like a girl's bathroom. I saw the urinals all lined up against the wall and next to them were the sinks. They had stalls in there too, but not as many as the girls have. Of course, girls don't have the urinals.
She said, "OK my slave, back up to the urinal and piss. I want to watch you."
I turned around and backed up to the urinal, just as I was told to do. Once I was next to it, I squatted a little so I was almost sitting in the urinal. I spread my legs a little so I didn't pee down my legs and just relaxed. I was watching Amber as she was watching me. I started peeing. It was strange peeing like this while being watched by someone else.
Amber was giggling and clapping her hands. She said, "Wow Louise, that is so cool. I'll have to watch you pee more often. I think it is neat. Next time I'll let you get a close-up view of me peeing, but not in here."
I peed and when done, I looked for something to wipe my cunt with. The boys don't have toilet paper next to a urinal. All they do is shake it and put it away. A girl must wipe her pee off her lips. But, I had nothing to do it with.
That is when Amber realized that I was looking for the toilet paper. She said, "Just use your fingers slave and then lick them clean."
I thought I would die when she told me that. No one wipes with their fingers and pee is not supposed to be put in a mouth. But she insisted, so I took my finger and ran it through my cunt lips to get the remaining pee drops off. Then, without thinking, I put my hand to, my mouth and stuck my finger in. I sucked off the pee and then did it again to make sure there was none left on my cunt.
Amber was almost rolling on the floor laughing so much. She said, "Now that was so fucking hot. I think I might have to make you do that all the time from now on."
I hoped she didn't because it really didn't taste good. I just did because she told me too. It seems no matter what she says, I just do it. Once we had that over with, she wanted to do one more thing in the bathroom.
She said, "OK, my slave, here is a marker. Go into the 2nd stall and write on one of the walls. I want you to put, 'Ms. Baker sucks cock and swallows'. Now do it before everyone gets to school and you aren't dressed."
I didn't want to do that, but I knew if I didn't, she wouldn't give me anything to put on. So, I went into the stall and wrote just what she said on the far wall. I just hope no one would recognize my writing. But, I did and now everyone who goes in that stall will see, 'Ms. Baker sucks cock and swallows.'
I wonder how many of the boys will try to see if it is true. I hope none of them try anything, but I guess if Amber said I had to do it, I probably would. After all, I did suck off one student already. But at least he was not in any of my classes. I must admit he did have a nice cock and his cum tasted damn good too.
Once I had it written, Amber stepped into the stall and took a couple pictures of the writing and of me right next to it. It showed the writing and me naked beside it. I knew if that got out, I would be in big trouble.
Once she was happy with what I had done, she said, "OK, my slave. Let's go to the class room. I have one more thing for you before you can get dressed. Then, you will be free until lunch time."
We walked to the classroom, with my naked ass in front of her. She giggled as I walked and I knew she was looking at the grade she had given me. She said, "Once that wears off, I'll give you another grade. I hope it is better than your B-."
I got to the class room door, and opened it up. She walked in ahead of me and went straight to my desk. I followed her and she said, "Now, bend over and reach back and hold your ass apart."
I was thinking she would spank me again, but once she had me holding my ass apart, I knew she couldn't do that. My hands were in the way. But what she did was totally a shock to me. I watched as she dug in her purse and pulled something out. I didn't see what it was, but figured it wasn't going to be good for me.
She got behind me and I felt something cool on my little tight brown hole and then her finger was in me. I had never had anything in my ass before, but now I had her finger. That was so embarrassing. She was playing with my ass and putting her finger in me. I wiggled trying to get it out, but she stopped and warned me not to move.
She wiggled her finger inside, then added another and then another. She had 3 fingers in my upturned virgin ass. It didn't feel good at all. It hurt some and I just knew I was never going to have a tight ass again. But, then she just pulled them all out of me. I thought she was done.
But, how wrong could I be. She picked up the item she had gotten from her purse and rubbed it around my ass and then with some more oil, she pushed it into me. It was bigger than her fingers and I had a hard time letting it in. She said, "Relax slave. It is going all the way in, so just relax and take it. Pretend you are shitting and it will pop right in."
I tried to tell her that I had never had anything up my ass before, but she kept telling me to be quiet and that I had to take it. She said, "You need to just relax my slave. It's going all the way in or everyone will see you naked with me pushing a butt plug up your ass. Who will they all believe when they see that. You talked me into doing this to you. And, you are naked."
I tried to relax, but it was hurting me, so I clenched my ass together. But she kept pushing it into me. It wasn't going in very far, until she reached back, picked up my ruler and slapped my naked ass with it. I jumped and the damn plug sunk in deeper. It still wasn't all the way in and I felt so full already. I thought I had to shit, but it was just that damn plug.
She smacked my ass again and the plug went even deeper. I could feel my tight little hole opening at the entrance and I felt it deep inside me. How could I ever be the same again? But she kept pushing it in me. I had no idea how big it was, but it hurt.
Then, one more smack on my naked ass and I felt it go deeper and for some reason, my ass closed back up. I had seen these plugs before, but never knew much about them. I didn't realize that once it was all the way in, it narrowed enough before it got to the base and my ass would hold it in.
She stopped pushing and said, "Now, that's better. It is all the way inside my slave and you look so cute now. Now, don't worry, it won't hurt you once you get used to it and besides, I used the small one. We will let you get used to it before we go to a bigger one."
I begged her, "Please Mistress, please take it out. It hurts. I can't handle it."
"Nonsense." She said. "It isn't hurting you. It is just uncomfortable, but by lunch time you will have gotten used to it. Now, let's get you dressed before classes start."
"Lunch time. Please I can't have it up there until lunch." I cried.
"Yes, you will my slave and maybe longer if you don't quit trying to tell me what I can do." She said as she handed me some clothes.
I took my clothes with tears in my eyes. I looked at them and saw it was just a dress with buttons from top to bottom. Once I had it on, I saw it came down to my knees, which was good. But when I started buttoning it, I saw that the top 3 buttons were missing and the bottom 4 were also missing. I knew I would be showing something today in my classes. I didn't want to wear it, but I had nothing else to put on. I would have to stay at my desk today so no one saw anything they shouldn't.
Once I had the little dress on, Amber said, "OK, my slave, walk up the aisle between the desks and then back again. I want to see what you have to offer me."
I did as I was told and walked up the aisle and then turned and walked back. I could feel the top and bottom of the dress separating and closing back up. I wasn't sure how much I was showing, but could feel the cool air on my cunt lips and my little tits. I knew for sure I had to stay at my desk or some of the students might see way too much of me.
Once I reached my desk and Amber, she said, "That is perfect for now. Don't worry, my hot little teacher, you aren't showing anything of importance. At least not right now. Maybe later though."
I didn't like that. Her saying maybe later meant that she had plans to make me show something during the day. I was still planning on sitting behind my desk all day.
But that changed quickly when she said, "Since you aren't showing anything but a little leg and maybe a side of a tit, I want you walking around today. No hiding at all. You may sit for short periods of time, but I expect you to get some exercise in by walking around the classroom. Understand me slave?"
I almost told her to go away, but instead I felt a tingle in my cunt as I said, "Yes Mistress, I understand."
She then said, "Sit down for now my slave. Act natural and do what you always do. No one will know you have your hot little ass plugged up unless you make a big deal of it."
I did as she said and sat down in my chair. But, I got right back up. That damn plug in my ass went deeper and it hurt me some. I knew if I sat too much, it would stay deep inside me. But, if I walked around it had a chance of falling out. What should I do. She wants me to sit for a while and then walk around some. I am taking a big chance today, but I felt I had to do it for Amber.
Amber laughed when I jumped back up. She said, "You are funny my slave. You think it is the end of the world with that thing up your ass. But, it can only go in so far. It has a base on it that won't allow you to lose it inside you. And since your ass has a firm grip on it, it won't fall out. Enjoy your morning my slave."
Then, she just walked out of my room. I looked at the clock and it was almost time for classes to begin. I sat back down, but did so slowly. Once I was seated, I felt the plug go in deeper, but it wasn't as bad as the first time. I hoped she was right about what she said.
The class came in and I waited until they all sat down. Then, I started asking math questions as I walked around the room. I was sure my cunt had poked out a few times, but wasn't sure. Amber said it would stay covered, but I could feel cool air on it when I walked. I was very careful while I walked and I'm sure some of the students saw something, but I wasn't sure what they saw. It was either my tits and cunt or just some bare leg.
I went through the morning with the plug up my ass and the dress almost undone. I had no clue what would happen at lunch or in Amber's class. She had promised I wouldn't have to strip in front of my students, but she never said anything about being exposed to them in a sly manner. I am sure they will get to see some of my naked parts at some time.
It was the period right before lunch when I got a text from Amber. It said, 'Slave, once the last of the class leaves and you are alone, remove your dress, open your door and get under your desk. I will be along shortly to use you.'
I didn't like that idea at all. I didn't like being naked in school and especially in my classroom. If I ever got caught, I would be fired for sure and maybe even have to go to jail. I would never be able to work as a teacher again.
The bell rang for the class to end and it was now lunch time. Once the students all left, I walked to the door an opened it, then slipped out of the dress and crawled under my desk. I was lucky enough to have a desk that was closed in the front. At least if someone else walked in, they would not see me. However, I could not see if anyone walked in and if they did, I would not know who.
I kept hearing noises from the hall because I had the door wide open. I heard some footsteps coming toward the desk, and hoped it was Amber. If anyone else came in, and caught me naked under my desk, I would be in big trouble. The only thing that kept me going was that she had said she would protect me.
The footsteps got closer and closer to me. I held my breath and waited. The feet stopped at the desk and then whoever it was walked around behind it. I saw feet where my chair should have been. I had moved the chair out of the way when I crawled under the desk. Now a pair of shoes were there.
Amber bent over and looked under the desk. She smiled and said, "So nice of you to follow my orders slave. You look so cute under there, all naked. I do hope your plug is still in your ass."
I sighed some relief and said, "Yes Mistress, it is."
Then she said, "Now, during lunch I want to cum, so you will eat my pussy till I have had enough. I will sit at your desk and you will make me happy. I expect to cum at least 3 times, but I'm hoping for maybe 5 times. Time to have lunch my teacher slave."
Amber pulled my chair over to the desk and sat down. She raised her skirt up and I was looking right into her bald pussy. She had taken her panties off and her pussy was winking at me. I knew she wanted me to get her off, but I wasn't sure if I could get her to cum 5 times. But I was sure going to try. I just hoped she had closed the door.
I started licking her pussy and once again found she tasted so wonderful. I could almost become a lesbian if all pussies tasted like Mistress Amber. I licked on her outer lips and then her inner lips. Next my tongue went in deep. I found her clit and sucked on it and even bit it softly. She moaned and pushed her pussy closer to me.
As she was enjoying the pussy licking she said, "If I don't cum at least 3 times my slave, you will stay there for the next period too. I will tell the class that you had an emergency and asked me to sit in for you. I would love to have you eat my pussy during our class time. But if you make me cum 3 times, it won't happen this time."
I knew I had to work hard to get her to cum 3 times, so I really dove into her pussy and slobbered all over it. I was making noises too, trying to get her off. I just hoped and prayed no one walked in. I couldn't stay under my desk for another whole period, especially with a class in session. That would just ruin me.
I got her off the first time, but didn't know how long it took me. Once she calmed back down from squirting cum into my mouth I started all over again. I knew it would take longer this time and even longer the 3rd time. But I was determined to make it happen so I could get dressed to teach class.
As I was licking her wet pussy, she tapped me on the head and whispered. "Be quiet my slave, we have company."
I froze. How could we have company. It was lunch time and we should be alone. If she had closed the door, no one would know I was in here. Now, they can't find out I was under my desk licking an 18-year-old student's pussy. I was scared and very nervous, but turned on and excited. I wanted to eat her some more, but didn't want to be caught.
Then I heard a voice. It sounded like April Jones, the English teacher. We were about the same age and sometimes just sat and talked. We were the youngest teachers in school and came to appreciate each other more and more. We confided in each other about our students and often had lunch together. We had even gone out for drinks a few times when she wanted to get away from her husband.
But now, I was naked under my desk licking pussy. I couldn't let her know I was here. She said, "Hello Amber. I was looking for Miss Baker. Have you seen her? And why are you in her classroom at her desk? You aren't trying to find a test, are you?"
"Oh hi Mrs. Jones," Amber said. "No, I'm not looking for a test. Ms. Baker asked me to come in and look at a math problem she was trying to figure out. She wanted to give it to the class, but wants me to go over it first and let her know if I could solve it. She said she had some errands to run before the next class starts. Not really sure where she went."
All during the time she was talking to Mrs. Jones, Amber was rubbing my head and pulling me into her naked pussy. I held my breath waiting for April to leave. I wanted to finish Amber and make her cum 2 more times, but didn't want to get caught by another teacher. But, I knew Amber wanted me to continue licking her, so I did but was very quiet.
April said, "Ok, I know you have her for class next period, would you please tell her I was looking for her. I have something very important to tell her."
Amber then said, "I will tell her Mrs. Jones. I could tell her what you were going to if you want me too."
April said, "No Amber, I don't think I could let you know about it. It is something about one of our fellow teachers and it is juicy. I'm sure she'll enjoy it when she hears what it is. But thank you for volunteering. Hope you figure out the problem."
Then I heard her walk away. I sighed, but continued licking my Mistresses' pussy. I still had to get her to cum 2 more times and the lunch period was almost over with, or so I thought. Mrs. Jones kind of slowed things down and now I had to work harder to get it done.
Amber said, "Wow slave, that was close, but you don't have much time left before the next class and I still have only cum one time. I need 2 more unless you wish to stay there all the next period. Or, maybe we can work a deal if you don't finish in time."
I said, "Mistress, I'm trying. I can't stay here all during class. I will do something else for you if I can't finish you before the bell rings."
She laughed, which made her pussy wiggle in my mouth. I giggled some and kept on licking her. She was so wet and sloppy. I knew my chair was going to be so wet and juicy when she got up. But I had to get her to cum again. I had to get her off 2 more times.
She said, "Slave, I think if you don't get me off again and again, you will have to show your cunt to the class. No, I won't make you strip, but a couple more buttons from that dress will show it quite well. What do you think. Either show some cunt or stay under your desk licking my pussy."
"Please Mistress; you said I wouldn't be made to get naked in front of the class." I begged.
She answered, "I didn't say anything about you getting naked. I said I want you to show your cunt just a little. Hell, they might not even see it. I know you won't have time for me to cum 2 more times, so it is either get dressed and show some cunt or stay where you are until the class is over. Then you would have to get out and get dressed before the next class. Your choice my slave."
"Mistress, please. Can't I do something else for you?" I begged some more, but I don't think it was doing any good. "I will do almost anything, but I can't stay here and I can't show my cunt."
Amber said, "Those are your 2 choices slave. Make up your mind now. You have about 5 minutes before the bell rings."
My mind was going about 90 miles an hour. What should I do. If I stay under the desk, it is a good chance I would be caught naked and then I would be in big trouble. If I took the other option the rest of her class would have a chance to see my bald naked cunt. But, I guess that would be better than being naked under my own desk eating a student's pussy.
So, I said, "Mistress, I would like to get out from here and get dressed. I know you want my cunt seen, so I guess it is better than being caught naked eating your pussy."
She giggled and said, "Ok, slave, climb on out. I'll get your dress ready."
She moved away from the desk and I crawled out from under it. I stood naked waiting for her to give me the dress. I saw her working on it and had no idea what she was doing. Once she finished she said, "OK my slave, put it on."
I quickly slipped the dress on and realized right away what she had done. She cut off another button from the bottom of the dress and now, the slit was right at my cunt. I knew when I walked, it would open and my cunt would be seen.
She said, "We only have a few more minutes, so walk to the back of the room and then come back to me I want to make sure it is perfect."
I walked to the back and then turned to walk back up front. I knew it was going to be a long afternoon like this and I hoped she would let me sit most of the period. As I walked, I could feel more cool air on my cunt and was sure it was right out there for all to see.
I looked up to see her with her camera pointed at me. I was embarrassed but also excited. I would like to see the picture if she would show me. That way I would know just how much of my cunt was showing. I didn't want the others to see my cunt or anything else on me, but I didn't mind Amber seeing me like this. After all, she has seen me naked a lot and I promised to be her slave and do whatever she wanted. Yes, I had my limits, but I had a feeling she was going to push them.
I got to where she was standing and she said, "Very good my slave. Shows just what I wanted. Here, look at this."
She turned her phone around to me and started a video. It showed me walking away from her, then walking to her. I looked closely and I saw what everyone else was going to see if I walked around. I watched myself walking and the dress would open and close. Every time it opened, my cunt was visible. Then as I took another step, it closed and my cunt was hidden. I was ashamed that it turned me on and my cunt started leaking. I saw my slit as it opened and then it disappeared. I don't know why, but for some reason, I was happy to be showing off like this. I really didn't want the others in the class to see my cunt, but I was so excited by doing it I almost didn't care. If I wasn't careful, I would allow her to get me naked for all of them someday.
The bell rang and the others started to come in. I quickly sat down, making sure my bare ass was on the seat. When I pulled my dress up, my cunt was very visible and I had to be careful not to show everyone. I fixed it so it covered my sides and my cunt and waited for them all to come in.
Once they were all in, I gave them an assignment to do thinking I could stay seated until class was over. I would have to do this the rest of the day.
But, Amber had other ideas. She texted me and said, 'Slave, get up and walk all the way around the room. I want you going up and down the aisles, making sure each with trip; you are facing the students most of the time. If you walk from the back down an aisle, turn and go back up the same aisle. Don't try to hold your dress closed either. If you do, there will be punishment and you know all punishments are done naked.'
I answered her text with, 'Please Mistress, my cunt will be seen by the class. I can't be in trouble.'
I got a quick reply which said, 'That is one my slave. Do as I say and do it now, or you will pay for it.'
I knew I was beat, so stood up, fixing my dress to cover my naked ass. I looked out over the class room and saw all of them, except Amber were working on the problem I had given them. I walked to the last aisle furthest from where Amber sat. I went up that aisle, praying no one would look up and see my naked cunt. But, I did notice a couple of the guys did look up and smile. But that was all they did.
I finished walking that aisle, and went down the next one. Then turned and walked back up the same aisle. I knew my cunt was exposed and some of the students saw it. I felt the cool air on my cunt as I walked and tried to hurry so it was seen less. But, as I walked more of the students had finished their work and was looking right at me. Well they were looking at my dress as it opened and closed to show my cunt to them. I heard giggles and some small remarks. I heard one girl say, 'wow, she doesn't realize her pussy is exposed.' Another girl whispered, 'maybe we should tell her.' Then another said, 'No, this is fun.'
I finally made it to the row where Amber sat. I started walking up the aisle and when I got close to her, she stopped me wanting to ask a question. I leaned over to listen to her question, but all she said was, "Nice show my slave. We need to show more later."
I made it all the way around the room and then went back to my desk. My phone buzzed and the text said, 'good little slave, have a seat.'
I sat down and we finished the class. I know my face was beet red, but I had survived without being hauled off to jail. Maybe the students won't say anything if it is only a peek now and then. I do know it turned me on even if I was humiliated by doing it. Once the bell rang, all the students filed out and I forgot to give them homework assignments. Oh well, maybe tomorrow.
Amber was the last to leave and as she walked by my desk she handed me a note. Then she left the room and I waited for the next class to come in. Once all were in, I gave them an assignment to do so I didn't have to stand up showing them my naked cunt too. Then after they all got to work, I read the note.
It said,'Slave, once school ends, get that dress off and get back under your desk. You still have to make me cum 2 more times.'
I got excited knowing I was going to make her cum again. I don't know why I felt that way about a student, but she did something to me. I wanted to please her and make her happy, even if it took all that I knew was wrong. Like showing my cunt to my class. That was not right at all. And having sex with a student. And when I sucked that boys cock, because she told me to. I should've never bet with her.
I made it through the rest of the day by sitting at my desk. The only time I got up was when the classes were changing and I was alone. But when that last bell rang, and all the students had left, I shut the door, removed my dress and got back under the desk to wait for my Mistress.
It wasn't long and I heard a noise at the door. I hoped it was Amber. The footsteps got closer and nothing was said. My chair was pulled to the desk and all I saw was a pussy. It was naked and bald and I had to eat it. I leaned in as soon as she scooted in and started licking her. It was my Amber. I could tell by the smell and the taste of her pussy and it was like heaven to me.
I licked and sucked and tongued her beautiful pussy and it wasn't long and she was cumming again. I got a good mouth full of her girl cum and swallowed. I didn't stop licking her though. I knew I had to make her cum again and hoped she would stay long enough for me to make her cum again and again and again. I think I am falling in love with her, and wanted to please her. I thought about telling her I took away all limits, but knew I couldn't do that. At least not yet.
Amber did stay and let me lick her. She did cum 4 more times that afternoon. My body ached from being under the desk, my mouth and jaws hurt from licking her and my tongue was worn out. My room smelled like a pussy, but I was happy. I made my Mistress cum a lot.
Finally, she couldn't take any more and pushed back. Then she spoke to me the first time since school ended. She said, "I am leaving slave. Once you hear your door close, get out from under the desk and go home. I am taking your dress, so you will have to go home naked. Remember, park in your drive way and walk to your door. I don't want you to touch your cunt tonight and do not cum. Just go home, eat and got to bed. You can clean up in the morning. Goodnight my slave."
Oh, my God. I will have to get out of the school naked. I didn't know what time it was or who might be left here. I couldn't afford to be caught naked.
I heard the door close and I crawled out from under my desk. I looked at the clock and it was 6:00 already. Wow, I didn't realize I had been licking her pussy for hours. Maybe that is why I am so sore. I figured by now everyone should be gone, but I was going to wait a little longer before I crept out of my room. I made it over to the door and locked it. Then I kind of hid myself behind my desk on the floor.
I stayed there for another hour before I figured I was alone. I got up and went back to my door. Unlocking it, I pulled it open and looked out. I didn't see anyone. I looked both ways down the hall and still no one. I didn't hear any noises either. So, I crept out of the room and headed to the back door of the building. It was shorter than going to the front door.
I got to the door and pushed it open. It was still a little light outside, but I didn't see any other cars. So, I slipped out and made a mad dash to my car. I had my keys in my hand and pushed the button on the fob to unlock it. As soon as I got to the car, I jumped in and just sat there. I looked around and still saw no one. One hurdle down. I still had to get home and into my house.
She was going to keep me naked as much as she could. Before I could leave, my phone buzzed. It was Amber texting me. It said, 'Slave let me know when you are home and inside.'
I started my car and slowly left the parking lot and made my way home. I was never a careful driver, but lately I am very careful. Not going over the speed limit. Stopping at all stop signs. I even stopped on yellow lights. I didn't want to be caught running a red light in case it changed. I couldn't afford to be caught naked.
I finally made it home and parked in my driveway. I looked around to be sure none of the neighbors were out. It was late enough that most of them would be having dinner or getting ready for bed after dinner. I saw no one and got out. I made it to my door without anyone seeing me. I was inside and safe now.
I texted Amber and said, 'Mistress, I am home now'
I got a text right back and she said, 'Thank you slave. Have a good night. See you (all of you) in the morning. Oh, take the plug out of your ass before going to bed, but bring it with you to school.'
I giggled at that. I forgot I had that thing in my ass. It had been there for so long, it was like it was a part of me. I got it out and washed it off. I made me a light dinner and then went to bed. I could smell Amber's pussy all night since I had her juice all over my face when I made her cum so much in school. I drifted off to sleep wondering what else she would make me do.