I left for work this morning before the sun was up since I had a major deadline to complete at the office. My boss had agreed that as long as the finished file is on his desk by then end of today, he will consider my request to work fewer hours so I can spend more time at home with my young bride and our young baby. He was reluctant to accede to my request but since I made it on the provision that if not granted, I would leave and take the company's major clients with me to set up my own firm.
Claiming my independence has become so much more important to me since I met my new wife. Although she is much younger than I, she simply makes my life complete; I have never been happier than I am now. My sadness is derived from the fact that my job in the city requires such long days that I haven't had a chance to make love to my wonderful sexy wife in over three weeks and I am becoming very, very frustrated; as, I am sure, has she. My baby is a highly sexed woman and that is only one of the many reasons I love her so much.
Back to the day; I had been travelling along the freeway on the way to the city for half an hour into the two-hour commute. On the hazy horizon – the sun was only just rising and, since I was driving in a northeasterly direction, it was shining almost directly into my eyes – I saw what appeared to be a massive pileup of vehicles! It was quite obvious that someone had called it in since there were several state troopers and ambulances in attendance as well as the whirling blades of a MediVac helicopter. I could see no reason to drive into the glare just to see what was happening (I am not that kind of ghoul) so I found the next available median crossing and turned my SUV homeward.
It only took me about twenty minutes until I arrived on my street and drove quietly into the driveway. I had left Julie sleeping as well as the babe and didn't want to disturb them. I figured that I would go into my hope office and e-mail the boss explaining what had happened and that I would come into the office later to complete that all-important project. Of course, in my opinion, the project was simply time filler since any flunky in the office could have crunched the numbers. It was just one other reason I was becoming disenamoured with the job.
I removed my shoes at the back door and proceeded down the darkened hallway to my office. However, I had only just started when I noticed the sliver of light from below the almost closed door to the den/office. I crept nearer to investigate since I never leave either the light on or the door ajar. There are too many important papers strewn about and since the baby is just starting her initial steps and loves to explore, Julie and I agreed that the door should remain closed.
I drew close enough to the door to hear the sounds on moaning and slurred words coming from within. Unsure of what I might find, I slowly pushed on the door until I could see around it. Seated at my reclining leather desk chair – with her back to me – I could see the auburn tresses of my sweet Julie waving back and forth along the seat back. Her head was thrown back over the chair and I could just make out the fact that her eyes were closed shut and her mouth was hanging open. Suddenly the chair swivelled half way towards me and I almost fell back from the shock of the sight that greeted me.
Julie was sprawled in the chair and was completely naked. Her legs were draped over the arms of the chair and her one hand was pulling wildly on her nipples. They were the hardest and reddest I had ever seen in our relatively short time together. One of her hands left the comfort of her breast and slid slowly downwards along the course leading from the exotic valley between her breasts towards the brightly shining pussy that awaited her ministrations. As soon as her hand cupped her mons, I heard the hiss as she drew her breath in sharply; she had been delaying this warm touch as long as possible to make the sensations all that sweeter.
I was blown away by the sight of my wife as she masturbated in sight of me without knowing I was a willing voyeur. As I stood rooted to the spot, I watched her fingers curl inwards until the obviously touched her g-spot since her keening mews of unbridled pleasure filled the small room. Her arousal sent the sweet aroma wafting across the room to my waiting nostrils and, as I inhaled deeply, my cock strained against the tight slacks I was wearing.
Completely in her control, I started to disrobe at the open door; becoming impatient, I ripped away the constricting buttons and tore off my slacks and briefs. My cock sprang to immediate attention and pointed me quietly to the love seat in front of the desk where my darling wife remained so into her experience. I had to touch my throbbing cock for fear that I didn't, it might explode and spoil the illusion.
As I slowly stroked my cock – I was sprawled out on the love seat facing her – Julie's eyes opened just a slit and through the hooded lids, I could see her blue eyes crinkle in gladness. She wanted me to be here and to see her! Not being one to disappoint, I lifted my legs a little higher to show how my full balls moved with the stroking of the shaft above them. Now her lips were curled into a smile which best be described as one of love and lust as her fingers churned in and out of her sweet wet pussy. I could hear the slap of her hand as it bottomed out each time and her moans as she drove them in.
My own arousal surged over and over again like it wanted – no needed! - release and I knew that I couldn't hold out much longer. I stood up shakily and reached for the chair and drew it – and its precious cargo – over to touch the edge of the loveseat. I then returned to my position immediately in front of her and, gripping her ankles, pulled her even closer. At that point her legs were resting over mine and my feet were tucked behind her back, thus holding her captive.
We were by now gazing directly into each other's eyes as we re-newed with vigour our self-pleasuring. Only difference – this time we were pleasuring each other first and foremost! Just the heat of her proximity was driving my hand to more and more action. My precum was lubing me so much that my hand was moving freely from the bottom of the shaft right up to the point that I was pulling what was left of my foreskin (of course I was circumcised as an infant) over the glistening head. By so doing, my pee hole almost disappeared only to reappear with each down stroke. Julie had never seen this trick before so she kept begging me to do it over and over. For some reason, this really seemed to turn her on!
By this point, we both nearing our orgasms but I wanted, as usual, for us to cum as close together as possible. Apparently this wasn't a concern since Julie was alternately driving her fingers deep and thrusting her hips upwards to meet her fingers. I almost stopped my own strokes as I watched in fascination; Julie getting off has always been such a turn on for me that all I usually had to do was to watch her and I would cum without touching myself.
My wonderful wife exploded so hard that her cum sprayed far enough to almost cover my own hand! She was crying constantly as she looked deep into my loving eyes as the waves of many little orgasms swept her body. As I said, that was all I needed and my own explosion did travel so far as to spray Julie's hands and abdomen and then upwards to land on my own neck, chest and, finally, my hand.
Feeling fully spent, we stumbled to bed just down the hall and proceeded to lick each other clean. We turned into each other's arms for a brief snooze until Em's cries from her nursery awoke us to the start of another day.
As we sat at the kitchen table over a leisurely breakfast, I broached my idea of setting up my own business in our little town and beat the constant commute and long workdays. When I said that my primary reason was to spend more time with my family, my darling wife jumped up with a delighted squeal to sit in my lap at the table. I knew this had been the best decision I had ever made!