Tick tick tick... 6:04 a.m.
The door to the bedroom opened.
"Mia..." Grandpa whispered. "Sweetie? Are you awake?"
Mia was awake. Sensitive ears had heard him approaching down the old hardwood floor.
"Let's play our game...." His voice burbled with glee.
Helmut had dementia and may have been in the present with her, but more likely he was speaking to a different Mia from some other time. The family had told Mia she could live with him while doing her Master's degree, but she had to be his caregiver.
"You and he have always been so close." Aunt Lucy had been desperate to have someone she didn't have to pay look after her father in his dotage.
"He loves you so much! It'll be good for him." Mia's father had said.
"And he's always spoiled you rotten." Mia's older brother had sneered.
"He's always been very generous...." Mia's mother had hesitantly agreed.
None of the family truly understood the relationship Helmut had with Mia because it was a deep, dark secret Helmut buried under giving Mia anything she wanted. Yes Helmut loved Mia, but that love came at a price. He paid with endless gifts, she paid with nightmares, depression, anxiety and very unhealthy boundaries around sex.
"Let's play out game..." Grandfather said again and pulled the sheets off the bed.
Mia was no more able to disobey a demented Helmut than she had been a clear-minded Helmut. When he told her to get out of bed she did. When he ordered her to take off her nightie she did it without hesitation, conditioned to follow his every command once the game had begun.
"Lay on the bed." Grandfather told her and Mia lay on her back close to the edge of the mattress spreading her legs wide, holding the weight by the crook of the knee so she could hold this position for a while.
Helmut slowly, creakily knelt between her thighs and began to lick her already dampened vulva. With delicate expertise from long practice Mia's grandfather brought her to climax several times, his senses perfectly tuned to her every need as pleasure ravished her fragile mind.
"No noises sweetheart." Grandpa reminded her as she whimpered in the extremity of the most powerful orgasm yet.
Helmut's clever fingers curled into her vagina and rubbed her inner tissue and when he replaced his mouth on her clit Mia had to bite down on a scream as ecstasy threatened to make her break the rules. Grandfather had only just admonished her. Once she was in position, whatever position Grandfather told her to take, then Mia mustn't move or make a nose until he said. Tormented by his expert tongue and fingers Mia trembled from the effort to not move while her body experienced climax after climax. Thrashing her head, dark brown hair messy around her face Mia struggled to breathe as Helmut wrung pleasure from her anguished form. When she gasped in a particularly loud lungful of air he shushed her testily.
"You are being so bad. No more for you. Come here and suck my cock."
Sliding off the bed she helped him stand and then pulled down his loose pajama pants. Helmut was partially erect, which was not always the case, and Mia sucked his penis into her mouth and just as expertly gave him pleasure as he had to her. Suckling life into his penis Mia did all of her Grandfather's favourite things, she stroked his cock with one hand while rubbing his anus with the fingers of the other, she swirled her tongue around the knob of his cock while gently sucking air over his tip. The old man hissed with delight.
When he was fully hard she put on a vulgar show for the perverted old man; rubbing her mouth all over his cock, soaking him in spittle and running her wide, flat tongue up and down his length, including his balls. Helmut wasn't delicate, he liked his blowjob to be aggressive and lewd so Mia smeared saliva on her face and used her cheek and chin as well as her lips and tongue to rub his genitals.
"Good girl. Now back on the bed. On all fours little doggie."
For several minutes Helmut fucked Mia while he stood on the floor and she knelt on the bed. Mia loved taking it from behind, she could let her mind drift and not have to play the game with Grandfather. She still played the game in her head, but with other people, a teacher, a boyfriend, a stranger on an airplane it didn't matter.
"Come get some candy Mia." Grandfather said and she disengaged.
Dropping to the floor on her knees she took his soaking wet cock into her mouth, tasting her own juices as she suckled him and wriggled her tongue all over his knob. Mia loved the taste of vagina almost as much as she loved the taste of sperm. When Grandpa's watery semen poured into her mouth it didn't taste as good as it used to, but she was happy just to have him cum.
The young woman took twisted pleasure in servicing her grandfather, but something was happening to Mia lately. Feeling more and more untethered from herself since moving in with her Grandfather the Master's student thought maybe she was losing her mind. Even if she loved Helmut, was obsessed with sucking cock and eating cum the humiliation of Helmut's molestation had been rotting Mia's spirit for ages. Compartmentalizing her Grandfather's abuse from the rest of their relationship was an integral part of her person-hood now but it was costing her.
Refusing to think of the game once it was finished Mia showered and dressed. Instead she grew more and more excited to see the cute boy Leo who had moved in across the hall last week. She had been seeing a lot of him and if she was quick she could catch him before he left for work.
Tick tick tick... 7:30 a.m.
When he hard the knock on his door Leo's heart skipped a beat. 'Mia!' He thought.
Opening the door he was just as struck by how cute she was today as he had been five days ago when she had knocked the first time.
"Hi I'm Mia. I live across the hall there in 2C." Were the first words he heard her say.
"Uuuhhh Hi. I'm Leo I'm in 2B." Had been his idiotic first words to her.
"Oh? Cool."
The door she had knocked on had a large 2B in the centre. She cocked an eyebrow at his awkward start.
Manic Pixie Dream girl is the phrase that leapt into Leo's mind seeing her that first time. Mia's straight, dark brown hair had been cut in a bob at some point, but it was growing out and had a shaggy unkempt quality to it. Big brown eyes peered up at him beaming humour, making him wonder what she found so funny. Her little nose had a few freckles on it, but her pale skin hadn't seen much sun yet that summer.
Mia's mouth was small, a cupid bow when closed, but her smile was big, her teeth little and white. A pointed chin on her delicate jaw gave her face an elfin quality Leo rather liked. The tiny woman stood maybe five foot three and she wore low-rider Chuck Taylor's on her feet not looking to gain height with her shoes.
Dressed in a short skirt and leggings, a t-shirt under a tiny jean jacket Mia looked hipster, adorable and when she asked if she could come in he had agreed without a moment's hesitation.
Five days later Mia was dressed in a Summer dress and nothing else, no shoes, no bra and he hoped no underwear.
"Good you haven't left yet." Mia grinned and did a little impatient dance in the hall before he gestured her in. Like a vampire she never entered unless he asked.
It was a big day for Leo. He was making a pitch to his editor for a new superhero idea he had been working on. Leo hoped they would introduce the character into his publisher's line and everything hinged on this first pitch.
Mia scampered into the living room where his few pieces of furniture were laid out surrounded by the boxes he hadn't yet unpacked. Leo hadn't unpacked much because Mia and he had been spending a lot of time together the last five days.
"I know this is a huge day and I don't want to disturb you... buuut... I wanted to give you something to help boost your confidence for today."
"Oh really?"
Mia wasn't holding anything.
"Yeah."
Bashfully she stood in the middle of the open space in front of his recliner and told him to sit down. Mia's demeanour was that of a mischievous kid with a prank to pull, but Leo did what she asked checking his watch and thinking he had about thirty minutes before he had to leave. When he was settled she did an adorable swaying dance in her little dress, the hem flashing her bare legs at him as she spoke.
"I've been enjoying our time together very much and you showed amazing restraint last night after our kisses so... I wanted to reward you and give you a hint of what might be waiting for you when you get home from work."
With that she lifted the hem of her dress and pulled it all the way off revealing her pale, petite body to him for the first time. Slender and fit she stunned him with the toned, lean body she bared. Smooth waxed sex, tight, pink nipples and small, firm breasts filled his vision with flawless, smooth flesh. Mia looked so perfect Leo immediately wanted to draw her, but she had other ideas.
Dropping to her knees Mia ran her hands up his thighs.
"I was so horny when I left last night that I went home and touched myself thinking about you." Rubbing his thighs Mia confessed to him, her face blushing as she told him her secret. The sexual tension between them had been building for days. Since the first day really.
Mia had a clipboard with her when she knocked that first time.
Once she had found a place to sit she had started asking him about sex. Mia's Masters degree was focused on Human Sexuality with an emphasis on kink. The innocent looking woman had spoken very casually about Leo's sex life and the things that aroused him, but something behind her eyes hinted that her questions weren't merely clinical.
Leo was a comic book writer and Mia had asked enough questions that she was able to zero in on a kink he wouldn't have considered before. Digging down she had helped him uncover the fact that he had fantasies of being dominant that she intuited because of how much he loved drawing scantily clad female superheroes bound in compromising positions. It had been an illuminating moment.
For days they had been spending more and more time together until last night they had finally made-out passionately in the front entry to the building. Not wanting her to think he was a horn-dog Leo had disengaged and opted to get a good night's sleep for his meeting today. Apparently his reward was going to be a blow-job from the cutest girl he had ever been with. Mia stripped off his pants and boxers then settled between his legs, her adorable face only a few inches from his growing cock. Gazing at it with an odd, far-away look Mia didn't touch until he gave her permission.
"You can touch it if you like."
As soon as he said so she grinned like a happy kid and wrapped one hand around his shaft, buried one hand between her own legs and said.
"Don't hold back, you're in a hurry. This is just a sample."
And with that she swallowed his cock and proceeded to administer the most fantastic blow job Leo had ever received. The enthusiasm with which she sucked cock was the most amazing part, but the little details that made Mia so good were things like how she used her hands; she would periodically stop fingering herself and use both hands on him while slurping his tip. That felt amazing. Or when she tickled his shaft and balls with her fingertips while licking long stokes up and down, or the way she sucked his balls and licked him lecherously while gazing into his eyes which made his body clench.
It was tempting to let this go on all day, but when Lo felt the impulse to cum he told her instead of holding back. Mia increased her efforts, stroking him one handed again while she rubbed her pussy.
Looking at her cute body kneeling before him, mouth greedily suckling while her hand milked him pushed Leo over the edge and he dumped a bucket of cum into her gulping throat. Mia swallowed it all, her mouth and hand massaging his cock prolonging his delight. In fact Mia didn't stop draining him until he told her to.
"I can't take any more, please!"
And she immediately released his cock, her glazed eyes looking intoxicated, her chin wet with slobber.
"Well mister if you start feeling nervous in your meeting picture me right now doing this." Mia kissed his cock gratefully. "None of those people in the meeting have had anyone as cute as me do anything as lovely as this to them today. You remember that." Her wonderful mouth slurped his hard cock back in and sucked some more until he gently pushed her away.
"Thank you so much Mia. That was the best I've ever had."
The enchanting girl grinned proudly at him and stood up twirling as she displayed her tight little body to his hungry eyes.
"Don't forget how cute I look." And she pulled her dress back on over her head hiding just how perfect she was underneath.
"I will never forget anything that just happened."
And given what happened later that was in fact entirely true.
Tick tick tick... 8:01 a.m.
Eric answered and was pleasantly surprised to see Mia in a little sundress standing barefoot in his hall as adorable as ever.
"Back again?" He asked and opened the door wider to allow her in.
"Yes, and I planned ahead this time, I hope you don't mind."
"Really? What did you do?"
"I brought my phone... if you have some time I could call Bryan and Jodi then we could go out on the patio and..."
"And...?"
The inexperienced Masters student gave Eric a coy look and blushed up at him.
"Are you going to make me say it?"
"Hell yeah. I love hearing a girl talk dirty."
Glancing down the hallway she made sure no-one was watching which was ironic considering what she wanted to do.
"I want you to fuck my face." Clearly embarrassed by her desires Mia went bright red saying that.
"That all?"
"Fuck my face until you cum all over me. And would you please do it on the patio so Jodi and Bryan can watch?"
"Is this part of your Masters degree?"
"Well..."
Eric loved watching her precious features as she worked out how to twist her desires into some academic excuse.
"My interviews revealed that Jodi is a voyeur, Bryan wants to be a cuckold... you are an exhibitionist... three pervs with one stone?"
"What are you?"
"I want to study-"
"But what do you identify as sexually?"
In a tiny voice she mumbled "You showed me that I'm an exhibitionist too."
It was clear to Eric that Mia was ashamed of her new found delight in being watched. A month before she had knocked on his door which he answered in just a robe. They had spoken and she had told him about her studies, he had dropped the robe and told her his love of being watched. Eric had seduced the pretty student easily, her shyness covering the lusts of a mature woman. When he had suggested they go out on the patio she had been appalled,but intrigued. When she climaxed, spread out on his patio furniture, her nudity on full display Mia had told him she had never felt more free, more seen.
One other time she and Eric had gone out and fucked in a restaurant bathroom which had been thrilling for them both. They had gone back to the table and Eric had grinned when he noticed his cum was still staining her chin. Looking at it gave him such a thrill he hadn't told her about it and it stayed until she wiped her face at the end of the meal.
Mia hadn't been back around to see him in three weeks and he'd realized she had been seeing Bryan for part of that time. Eric had heard them fucking and recognized her voice. It didn't make him jealous, he was a swinger, he understood. Seeing her back for more was a delight. Mia was very open to new things.
"Text them and see if they want to watch a show to start their day?" He laughed and went back to his coffee, drained the cup then went` to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
When he returned Mia was out on the patio looking up at the windows overlooking the central courtyard. The building had five stories with ten units each floor. There was also a penthouse on top the owner lived in. Three units per floor had patios that overlooked the courtyard. Bryan was two floors up and straight across from Eric's on the third floor. He and Eric had been living there for years. Jodi lived on the base of the U the courtyard made, one floor up from Eric on the forth floor. Eric didn't know her well, but she was really sexy and close to his age, forty five.
Both Jodi and Bryan were out on their patios looking down at Mia with their phones in hand.
Mia looked at Eric as he came out of his apartment, then she stripped off her summer dress and stood fully nude exhibiting herself to the neighbours, both those visible and anyone who happened to look out. Eric was already nude and he waved to Jodi before going to Mia and kissing her face gently. Starting soft he kissed her until he felt himself grow heated and then his kisses grew more passionate and he used his tongue to explore her fresh, minty mouth. They were both panting and groping one another before long, putting on a show for their audience, growing more aroused by the moment.
Eric had been with many lovers, having been brought into the swinging scene by a lover while in college, and not since then had any partner been as enthusiastic, uninhibited and adventurous until Mia. Still shy, Mia was wild once she got fully aroused. There was a hedonistic abandon in her that Eric admired. It took most people a lot of drugs to get where Mia could get just from pure arousal. Her petite body responded powerfully to sexual attention and Eric suspected that was exactly why she was studying human sexuality.
As he fondled her soft skin, caressing her everywhere he could reach, he continued kissing her deeply. In turn Mia groped him passionately, her hands eagerly exploring his athletic form. Given that his hobby was sex Eric kept himself in fantastic shape, dieting and exercising diligently so his lovers would get as much pleasure as possible from being with him.
Mia expressed her gratitude by lowering to her knees, kissing, licking and caressing his entire chest, toned abdomen and finally is cock. Looking tiny and vulnerable as she gazed up into his eyes from beneath his cock Mia used both hands to lightly stroke his long shaft and swollen knob.
Looking up at Jodi, Eric saw her appreciation of his manhood, her eyes not leaving his groin when he turned his head her direction. Then he looked up at Bryan who was just as focused down there but Eric suspected Bryan was watching Mia's face.
When Eric looked back to the woman kneeling before him the small student appeared enraptured by his cock, her mouth hanging open her eyes glazed and her face flushed. Wrapping her small hands all the way around his shaft Mia stroked him up and down her fingers not able to cover his length or encircle his girth. Hypnotically her mouth moved closer and she kissed his knob delicately as she lewdly stroked him. Then her tongue poked out and Mia started licking his tip lovingly while massaging his pole.
Unable to tell if she remembered her audience or not Eric watched Mia bath his entire cock with her worshipful mouth. The young girl didn't make eye contact for quite a while she was so engrossed in anointing his entire organ with her adoring lips and tongue.
It felt fantastic to have such a cutie so delighted to suck his cock. As Eric was overcome by the intense pleasure of her mouth he understood just how much Mia loved having an erection in her mouth. The sounds she was making low in her throat, the focused intensity of her strokes, the movement of her tongue ceaselessly circling and exploring his member and the shamelessness of allowing drool to dibble down her chin and throat to trickle across her breasts showed him this girl genuinely delighted in sucking cock.
But she had come here with a specific request.
"Please, fuck my face." Asking again she looked up at him pleading to try this new thing.
Taking control Eric pushed his cock into her mouth and pressed forward into her throat. Mia wrapped a hand around his shaft and opened up her throat with an "Ah" noise giving him access like he'd shown her. Now her throat was wide open and Eric slowly pressed deeper until her hand squeezed letting him know they had reached as far as she wanted.
With her hand a guide Eric began to hump Mia's throat pulling out and driving back in only as far as her hand admitted. The girl held her tongue as far out of her mouth as possible like he'd instructed and the wet caress of her wriggling organ thrilled along the sensitive underside of his erection. Keeping her mouth wide she avoided scratching him with her teeth and his knob got a lovely kiss from her swallowing throat each time he pushed all the way in.
Holding her head steady Eric fucked her face with deep, rhythmic strokes of his long cock. Mia held the guide hand in place while the other lowered between her own lewdly spread thighs and she began to rub her pussy vigorously. It was powerfully thrilling to be in the open air with two rapt witnesses to the debauchery.
Drool spilled over Mia's pale skin each time Eric pulled from her throat and the mess was adding to the sordid debauchery of the situation. Periodically Mia gagged and Eric pulled completely from her mouth cascading more streamers of spittle over her as she gasped for air.
As she regained her composure Eric rubbed his soaking wet tool over her features smearing drool over her as he fucked her face in another way. When she opened wide, eager for more deep throating he complied and once again drove his cock down her esophagus.
Eric didn't bother holding back his climax, deep throating wasn't great for a long time for either participant,
"Where do you want me to cum?" He spoke loud enough that Jodi could hear.
"My face!" She gasped as he pulled out from her mouth again, matching his volume.
Then Eric shoved himself in and out of her suckling swallowing face until he couldn't take how wonderful it felt and pulled out in time to jet his thick spurts of cum over her upturned features. Mia stroked and milked his member as he spent himself onto her pretty face, licking his knob and moaning how happy she was. Entranced by Mia's behaviour Eric's orgasm was prolonged as the girl debased herself suckling and stroking his manhood as drizzles of sperm trickled onto her skin. Taking his balls into her mouth she caressed his shaft while cum spattered her forehead and she looked up at his pulsing knob.
When he could bear her attention no longer Eric shuddered and pulled away, so sensitive he was gritting his teeth.
"So good!" He hissed.
Mia looked as if she had just awoken from a dream, disoriented and drunk, her glazed eyes peering up at him as she smiled dazedly. Then her brown eyes lit with delight as she remembered their audience. Looking up at Jodi and Bryan Eric saw them both mesmerized by the performance. Jodi was rubbing her breasts under a kimono while Bryan squeezed his erection through his jeans, his face red and angry, but he was clearly aroused.
'Complex.' Eric thought.
Kissing Mia on the top of her head Eric staggered back into the house to get ready for work.
Mia got up and pulled her dress carefully over herself trying not to get sperm all over the thin materiel.
"Are you going to go see Bryan now?" Eric asked fascinated.
"Yes. He wanted to fuck me with another man's cum on my face. That was his idea."
"Filthy. I approve."
Smiling Mia waved at him as she left and Eric wished he could stay and watch what happened across the courtyard.
Tick tick tick... 8:19 a.m.
Bryan opened the door the moment Mia knocked.
Deep, complex emotions raged inside him while he felt utterly frozen by the sight of her. Mia stood in the hall in her skimpy summer dress, hair tussled, barefoot and her face stained by Eric's sperm.
Jealousy & lust, rage & affection, repulsion & desire, shame & pride all swirled in confusing partnership battling for dominance as Bryan took in Mia's sacrifice for him. Bryan had been the one to ask Mia to do this. He had wanted to know how if felt to be a cuckold; his deepest most secret fantasy, the hidden desire she had uncovered within him when she had come to do her survey.
It had taken three weeks for him to work up the nerve to ask her to do this. Each time they were together he had been closer and closer to asking her. Each time they had sex she proved more deeply how much she cared for him, encouraging him to give himself permission to unlock his darkest desires. Offering him anything he wanted.
Last week he had finally asked her to suck Eric's cock on the balcony and to take his cum on her face. Asking that had been the most vulnerable thing he had ever done with another human. Certain she would be offended and horrified by his desires it had taken every ounce of his courage to ask, Mia had smiled, kissed him and taken his throbbing erection into her mouth.
"Like this?" She'd asked?
Bryan had been certain she wasn't offended that night, but lately Mia had been acting strangely; moody, distant and it had been a few days since he had seen her at all after spending every day together for weeks.
When he had gotten her text to come out on the balcony and he saw her on Eric's deck his cock had leapt to life in his pants. Watching all that happened between her and Eric had been powerfully erotic and humiliating at the same time. Eric's cock was bigger than Bryan's, his deepest fear and Mia had been particularly enthusiastic about sucking it from what Bryan could tell from twenty feet away.
Yet seeing her at his door, coming to him after what Eric had done to her meant so much to Bryan.
"Did I please?" She asked and Bryan pulled her inside.
Ripping her dress from her body, tearing the thin fabric, he was so inflamed he couldn't contain his lust. Taking her to his own deck he pushed her down on her back on the outdoor carpet. Compliant, Mia didn't resist at all. Looking up he saw Jodi still watching, her kimono open to reveal most of her breasts as she rubbed herself.
When Mia was on her back watching Bryan strip she spread her thighs and rubbed her sopping vulva, the lust she felt leaking down her thighs. A pang of passion stabbed through him as he saw just how horny Mia was.
For him or for Eric?
As Bryan shoved his hardness into her steaming wet core he felt certain that she would rather he was Eric. Pounding into her, trying to drive his jealousy away he fucked Mia where Jodi could see his dominance.
But Jodi probably wanted Eric too.
Staring at Mia's passion contorted features, helpless in the teeth of his arousal from seeing Eric's sperm besmirching Mia's lovely face, Bryan wildly hammered himself into the girl spread before him. This wasn't the same as fantasy, nor was it in any way like watching porn, it was a real woman who he felt honest affection for, who had been willing to abase herself publicly for his perversion. The emotions were so complex it was difficult to maintain mental focus.
However his body knew this was the most powerfully erotic experience he had ever had and it didn't take long at all for his climax to surge through him and explode outward.
Pulling out of Mia's delectable clench he stroked his shaft only a couple times before he blasted a massive load of jism in long ropes up the entire length of Mia's petite body. A two foot long string of pearlescent droplets spattered her from belly to shoulder, then another spurted forth and landed on her left breast and cheek, the third jetted over her lower abdomen and then a final, big spurt landed mostly on her chin and neck. The last droplets of semen drizzled on her pussy as Bryan jacked himself over her.
While satisfied sexually, emotionally Bryan was still in turmoil, unfulfilled by how quickly he climaxed.
"I have another surprise for you." Mia murmured as she displayed her sperm drenched body on the patio. Still recovering from his intense climax Bryan cocked an eyebrow as a pulse went through his cock as he imagined seeing Mia with yet another man, perhaps the young guy who had moved in recently.
A knock on the door filled him with erotic anticipation and an abiding sense of inadequacy.
Tick tick tick...8;28 a.m.
Jodi steeled her nerves and knocked.
Watching first Eric then Bryan with Mia had been fantastically arousing. Since Mia had come knocking with all her questions about sex and fantasies Jodi had been vibrating at a much higher sexual pitch than usual. The student and her probing inquiries had pulled back the edges of more than a few hidden ideas Jodi harboured. Now that she was aging into her mid-forties she realized there were things she wanted to do before she grew too self-conscious to ever dare try.
Knocking on Bryan's door took more courage than she wanted to admit, especially after watching Mia being so brave. The girl in question opened the door naked and glazed with Eric and Bryan's sperm from crotch to the top of her head, looking utterly delectable to the older woman.
Stepping in she felt herself becoming dizzy with lust. Slipping off her kimono to reveal her own nudity Jodi jumped past her own insecurities into a place of sexual abandon she had been yearning for her whole life.
As a young woman Jodi had always been slender, and approaching middle-age she had worked hard to maintain as slim a figure as she could, clinging to her inner identity as a petite woman. Over the long years her breasts had grown fuller, and sagged just a bit, her tummy swelled and her hips widened but standing next to the supple younger woman Jodi was gratified to find she thought she looked almost as good, if different to the tiny student.
The clever student with sharp focus who had assisted Jodi in uncovering a keen desire to eat cum. Since she had first learned of ejaculate Jodi had been perversely attracted to the strange fluid. Too shy to ever ask for much with her partners Jodi waited in humiliated frustration for those moments when a partner would give her the opportunity to taste that precious, utterly male fluid. Working with the young woman had revealed that Jodi wanted to be the object of lust for multiple men, receiving a shower of cum to eat.
Mortified to admit it to Mia, Jodi had been stunned when Mia had eventually offered to show Jodi it was possible. When the text had come in that morning Jodi could scarcely believe it was going to happen.
Seeing Eric spray Mia in jism had impelled Jodi to begin masturbating and she hadn't stopped until Bryan had spilled himself over their beautiful downstairs neighbour. Uncertain if she had the courage to follow through with the next part of the plan until it was underway Jodi had watched Mia and grown more and more aroused, climaxing with Bryan as he spilled himself.
Jodi was thrilled to find herself in Bryan's apartment, noticing the subtle differences of layout while fully distracted by her two neighbours nudity and her own. Mia beckoned to Jodi and then spread her lithe frame on the sofa displaying herself for Jodi and Bryan to gaze at.
That wasn't' actually accurate. Jodi was here to participate, no longer simply watch. Kneeling beside the sofa Jodi did what she had been aching to do since the door opened, she leaned over and kissed Mia's sperm stained cheek.
The cum was the same temperature as Mia's warm, soft skin and as the slippery goo smeared under her lips Jodi found her fingers once more massaging her tender clit. Delighted to taste the strange unique flavour of semen Jodi licked and kissed Mia all over the younger girl's delicate features, first spreading then cleaning jism.
Once she began Jodi couldn't stop. Licking every glistening drop of cum from Mia Jodi brought herself closer and closer to the edge of bliss. While her mind swirled deliriously from savouring cum gleefully she took unfamiliar pleasure from fondling and licking another woman's body. This was Jodi's first sexual experience with a female and it was strangely delightful.
And yet...
"Bryan you are welcome to fuck me while I do this, if you'd like." Jodi shyly offered, worried that he wouldn't find her as attractive as the adorable girl displayed before them both.
Whatever was going on in Bryan's head his cock was clearing enjoying what was happening. Looking rock hard he was watching them with rapt attention. Feeling insecure about her desirability while in a state of arousal keener than she's ever felt was a confusing experience. Returning her mouth to the delicious fluid on Mia's firm breasts Jodi felt fascinated by the younger woman's smaller titties. Distracted by the wonderful taste of cum and the way eating it made her feel Jodi massaged Mia's breasts as she imbibed jism.
Whatever Bryan was thinking he was at least willing to fuck Jodi and positioned himself behind her and eased his cock into her narrow confines. After so long without sex the sensation of another human being entering her was blissful when coupled with the joy of lapping sperm off a generous neighbour.
Bryan took hold of Jodi's hips and eased back and forth, sliding his cock in and out of her deliciously. The meagre shame she felt at letting a man she had only ever had passing conversations with fuck her was nothing compared the glorious feeling of his erection moving in and out of her sensitive sex.
Following the trail of droplets Jodi's mouth kissed and licked greedily, devouring any tiny morsel of cum from Mia's entire torso while she received a wonderful fucking from Bryan. When her mouth reached Mia's sex Jodi hesitated, having never gone down on a woman before. Whatever uncertainty she had about doing it were washed away when Bryan reached around and began to massage Jodi's clit as he fucked her. The increased sensation and the sordid nature of her situation encouraged Jodi to put her mouth over Mia's vulva and begin slurping sperm from the delicate pink lips.
Mia's pelvis rose up to press harder against Jodi's mouth while a sexy moan escaped the other woman's throat. The mingled taste of cum and Mia's juices inflamed Jodi's lust, the debauchery of it all pushing her further into decadence than she would have dreamed herself capable of. Licking all over the younger woman's sex while Bryan drove in and out and rubbed her clit initiated the wonderful tingles of an approaching orgasm.
It began as a small tremor in her thighs that quickly spread all throughout her body, a tiny quake all over. All the cum had been cleaned from Mia's sweet pussy and Jodi merely licked the girl for the sheer pleasure of feeling her tongue explore the pretty lips spread before her. Indulging in sensation, Jodi shuddering with impending bliss, thrilled to be full of cock and unexpectedly stimulated by eating pussy.
Then it began, a climax like none she had ever experienced. Not only had it been too long since she'd had partnered sex, but she had never had two lovers at once and all the extra, complicated sensations ignited more passion and need in her orgasm than Jodi would have believed possible. White hot pleasure seared her sex and blinding light radiated from deep inside her brain spreading gratification through her in waves of ecstasy.
Several orgasms erupted from her clenching core as Bryan continued pillaging her sopping sex and she slurped at Mia's delicious vulva. Jodi indulged herself groping Mia's sleight bosom, or fingering her slippery slit and licking the tiny button of her clit all while being fabulously fucked by Bryan who groped her tits, massaged her buttocks and rubbed her own clit in ceaseless fondling of his own.
Lust emboldened Jodi and when she felt Bryan increase his pace and start breathing heavier Jodi twisted to look at him and begged him.
"Please cum on my face. I want to try it so badly!"
"Give it to her Bryan." Mia encouraged. "Do it baby. Make me proud and give her what she wants."
Jodi sensed Mia knew something abut Bryan that would help him find this deeply satisfying.
"Show us what a man you are, Bryan. Can you prove Eric wrong?"
Jodi flinched at how harsh Mia's voice became just then, but she felt the throb that ran along Bryan's cock as he wedged himself deep inside. Bryan got a thrill from being compared to Eric. Bryan drove himself into Jodi harder and faster.
Mia scrambled to her feet. Disengaging from Jodi who grunted from the impact of Bryan's thrusts.
"Eric could satisfy both of us without any problem, his cock is so big and he has huge balls full of cum for us."
Mia didn't sound like the same girl who innocently asked her sexy questions, she sounded like a disappointed mother.
"Show us what you've got little man. Come on, cum for us."
Bryan made an anguished, strangled noise deep in his throat and Jodi felt his cock swell once again. Pulling away from him she whirled on her knees and took his cock into her mouth, sucking him off, hoping to make him cum on her face for the first time in her life and satisfy a long held desire.
Kneeling beside her, Mia joined Jodi by licking and suckling Bryan's balls while Jodi slurped his knob. That was all it took and Bryan began to cum. Waiting for it Jodi felt the twitch that foretold his spray she pulled him from her oral grip stroking his cock and aiming his tip at her face.
When the first warm splash happened Jodi started to climax as well. The wet slap of hot sperm impacting her cheek and lips sparked electric rapture along her nerves and lighting sparked throughout her mind as years of fantasies finally came true.
"Oh Bryan its so much cum!" Mia gushed as the panting man erupted more gouts of jism over Jodi.
Mia then turned to Jodi and began rubbing the older woman's breasts and pussy. Shuddering in the grips of an increasingly powerful climax Jodi groaned with bliss as more cum dribbled onto her face and the lovely architect of her fulfilled fantasy rubbed and stimulated her quaking body.
For the next few moments Bryan and Jodi recovered from their shared climax while Mia alternated sucking Bryan's cock clean and gently bringing him down while simultaneously caressing Jodi's tingling sex and massaging her tender breasts. When her two lovers appeared to be back in the room with her Mia then began licking Bryan's sperm from Jodi, thrilling both her partners with the sordid act.
Receiving Mia's selfless aftercare Jodi knelt on her haunches as Mia cleaned her of all the sperm Bryan had drizzled over her. Bryan sat in a chair and watched them with dazed intensity. When Mia had cleaned all the cum from Jodi she offered an open mouthful to the older woman to taste. Taking the sloppy mess into her open mouth the Jodi once again felt a lecherous pulse of lust cascade through her body as she received the sloppy mouthful.
As Mia allowed the viscus goo to flow from her into Jodi, the younger woman once again began fingering Jodi's soaking sex. Swallowing the warm load of cum and drool Jodi climaxed as Mia fingered her sensitive clit, felicity for the young woman's efforts glowing in Jodi's chest.
There was a moment of awkwardness once everyone recovered from their orgasms and there was the aftermath to content with. Mia managed to help them all move past that delicate moment.
"Thank you both so much for being vulnerable and sharing your fantasies with us. You were both so brave."
"Thank you for helping make this happen Mia." Jodi gushed, gratitude flowing out of her in the golden afterglow of several fantastic orgasms.
"I'll never be able to thank you enough for this gift Mia." Bryan whispered, clearly feeling very emotional as he wiped his eyes.
"My pleasure." Mia murmured and Jodi caught just a hint of something darker behind the younger woman's words. Before Jodi could grab hold and tease out what it was she sensed in the girl Mia stood and smiled at them both.
"I think we all have someplace to be this morning?"
Bryan checked his phone.
"Yikes. Its after nine!" Standing he reached for his cast off pants. "I don't mean to be rude, given how much I appreciate you both right now, but Mia's right, I do have to go."
With a jolt Jodi remembered what day it was and her plans for later.
"Me too! Oh thank you so much Mia."
Jodi hugged the slim girl, their soft nudity pressed together sensually. Mia hugged back uncertainly and Jodi released the girl before she wanted to conscious of the other woman's discomfort.. Then Jodi hugged Bryan and he too felt hesitant so she cut it short. Too bad they weren't as comfortable with intimacy as she, it might mean there wouldn't be a repeat, which was disappointing.
Tick tick tick... 9:14 a.m.
In a daze Mia kissed Bryan goodbye and told him she wasn't angry about her dress. Walking away holding the torn garment she was stark naked, sweat, saliva and cum stained she traversed the hallway heedlessly while Bryan gawked at her boldness. Mia didn't feel brave she felt oddly dissociated from all the strange things she was doing.
As if watching herself from slightly out of her body she observed the woman she identified as herself walked the halls nude until that Mia found her own apartment and went inside. Stepping into the familiar smells and sounds of her home Mia felt more herself, but still distant and unmoored.
Tossing the rags of her sun dress into the laundry she strolled around the apartment still naked, and checked to see if her grandfather was still alive. The old man dozed in his favourite chair by the big picture window and Mia went and looked out at his view, her nudity of full display to the street if anyone happened to look over at her.
Beside the old man on the table lay the envelope she had gotten in the mail yesterday, the official form unfolded on top, the words it said burned into Mia's brain, but she refused to consider what it said and instead rubbed her sensitive clit, masturbating while watching people pass by. When a man stopped to watch the pale figure rubbing herself Mia lifted a leg to the window sill so he could better see her sex and she climaxed as he gaped at her lewd behaviour.
When her orgasm had wiped away the bad thoughts she turned to see her grandfather watching her.
"What a bad girl. You need to be punished." The old man smiled conspiratorially.
Stretching her slim form over his lap Mia offered her pert buttocks to the old man's hand and he spanked her for several moments while she silently wept from the pain and humiliation. He was right, she was a very, very bad girl and truly did deserve punishment. The need to be punished is what drove her to go up to the penthouse after her grandfather finished spanking his naughty granddaughter.
That and the letter on the table she was trying so hard not to think about.
Tick tick tick... 10:04 am.
In her room Mia dressed in a short-sleeved, white, button-down shirt that hugged her narrow torso and stretched across her small breasts with unseemly closeness. The thin materiel showed the dark of her areola dimly if one looked closely enough. A short plaid skirt, knee high socks and black Buster Browns competed the outfit. Once again she neglected wearing underwear.
Pulling her shaggy hair back with a hard plastic hair-band she looked at herself in the mirror in her bedroom and couldn't see any obvious evident that she had two loads of cum on her skin. Jodi had licked her very clean. Mia's well scrubbed, clear skin glowed with youth and vitality, even if the bags under her eyes and red rims from crying gave her a haunted quality in her opinion.
Knocking on the landlords door as she had been doing every month she allowed herself a few calming breathes before the ordeal that awaited her.
"Come in Mia. Sit down. Can I get you something to drink?"
Knowing it pleased him to show his wealth she asked for a sparking water which he provided, giving her an imported brand she'd never heard of. Mia stood in the front room of the penthouse which her landlord, Steven Langdon, used as a massive office to do his work. The huge wooden desk dominated the space. It had a tidy surface with few objects on it, the ledger he had been working on, a coffee mug, and a chunky copper stature of a woman laying prostate on her face, arms outstretched beseeching some unseen figure.
The final object was a black, leather dog collar with a thick silver ring on the front.
Kneeling beside his desk she donned the stiff neckband and submitted herself to her Master's whim. When he sat behind his desk she crawled subserviently to him and nestled her face into his crotch like a dog starved for attention.
The first month after Mia had moved in she had received a Rent Due notification under the door of her Grandfather's apartment. Reading over he letter she discovered that her grandfather hadn't been paying his rent. For days she combed over his messy filing system to solve the problem and discovered that her Grandfather had no money left, all his retirement saving had been spent.
With a sinking sense of doom she had gone to see the landlord and during a humiliating negotiation lasting an hour she revealed to him her desperate plight and her Grandfathers predicament. Using her studies to aid her in the negotiations Mia discovered and exploited a sadistic streak in the older man and she offered herself as payment for the apartment. Although the landlord thought he was being cagey Mia saw right through him and knew before he did that her offer was going to work.
Every since she had paid the rent with her body.
Tick tick tick... 10:10 a.m.
Steven Langdon was a thick, short man who lifted weights often and had once been a college level wrestler. An angry, selfish man with a huge chip on his shoulder Steven enjoyed humiliating the pretty granddaughter of the senile old fossil who couldn't pay his rent. Their misfortune meant he got to do whatever he wanted to the pretty girl and he took full advantage of her desperation. No-one ever did him any favours so he exploited the situation thoroughly with no qualms.
"Proceed." He ordered and a thrill ran along his cock as she obeyed.
The girl never denied him anything. Steven had pillaged his sordid imagination searching for every unrealized lust he had ever denied himself to act out on the bewitching tenant indebted to him so deeply and nothing had been off-limits. The destitute student unzipped his trousers and pulled his semi-erect member from his underwear, leaving his belt buckled and button done up.
The cute brunette took his hardening cock in he little hands and stroked him lightly, kissing the tip gently edging him toward erection. Teasing him with her soft mouth Mia rubbed her lips on his skin, the tender friction arousing him fully. With slow, deliberate attention to detail Mia caressed her whole face with Steven's rock hard manhood, anointing herself with his scent. Steven no loner had to instruct her in this ritual abasement, the girl understood fully that as each session started she was to mark herself fully with him, proving she was utterly his for the time being.
When she had rubbed her entire face and neck with his cock Mia proceeded to remove all her clothes and caress herself against his cock until her entire body had been brushed by his manhood. When she had been fully claimed by the older man Mia was worthy of being his slave once again.
"Go to the rack."
Mia shivered as she understood what kind of session it was going to be. Padding on bare feet to the rear of the condo she entered a bedroom converted into a weight room, exercise equipment of all varieties filling the space. One large rack made of the same grey metal as the other equipment had no weight attached or any obvious use in the pursuit of fitness. It did however have several rings to clamp bondage cuffs to.
With leather cuffs on her ankles and wrists Mia was bound spread eagle on the wrack, her naked body stretched taut as most of her weight hung suspended by her wrists, her toes just able to support some small part of her weight to assuage her aching shoulders as she dangled. Once she was restrained the sadistic landlord began to extract an unscrupulous rent payment from the poor girl.
Beginning with her buttocks Steven began to flog Mia with a soft leather cat-o-nine-tails he had purchased when they embarked on this arrangement. Watching closely he felt a salacious thrill as her pale flesh reddened with each stroke of the whip. Moving his strikes up her back then back down over her glowing bottom he abused her legs down to the ankle then walked around to her front and flogged her all the way up her legs to her vulva which he whipped mercilessly, delighted by the welts that appeared on her thick labia.
The tears she shed excited him and when he needed a rest after all the attention on her sex Steven leaned close and licked her cheek tasting the salty tears with a thrum of lust pulsing through his erection. Rubbing the tip of his cock between her raw nether-lips, grinding himself against her tender clit Steven drank her tears gleefully, enjoying the wet caress of her sex on his throbbing member.
Then when she stopped crying he resumed whipping her, focusing for a time on her chest, battering her small breasts stretched tight to her ribs as she hung suspended from the rack. The keen delight Steven took from hurting her little tits made him curious, uncertain why her meagre bosom incited such a need to cause pain, but he was grateful he was allowed to unleash whatever pent up compulsion it was. Steven hated denying himself anything.
As Mia's chest grew crimson and welted her nipples grew dark red and hard, her face crinkled as she wailed and snot flowed with her anguish. The whip no longer satisfied him and Steven began to slap her tits with his bare hand, the sting of impact helping him resist the urge to jack off his achingly hard cock. Being unfettered in his lust almost caused him to go into a frenzy. The ability to unleash his dark animalistic side caused a sadistic euphoria every time Mia gave herself to him. That was why they could only meet once a month, her body needed time to recover.
Pulling her nipples hard Steven felt a throb in his cock as she screamed in pain. The sound of her voice, fuzzy and raw from her screams made him smile and he once again slurped her tears from her flushed cheeks.
Mia's pain made him feel so good he decided to share some pleasure. Retrieving the huge, bulbous vibrator from its cupboard Steven proceeded to grind the buzzing device against her vulva and vibrate her clit with high the powered probe. The moment the cool, plastic knob pressed to her suffering sex Mia wailed with anguished bliss. Struggling in her bonds she bucked and humped as needles of pleasure stung her welted vulva.
With one hand the big man ground the vibrator against her sex and with the other he groped her stinging titties tormenting her with endless blends of pleasure and pain as he exploited her small body for his own sadistic delight. The more pain she appeared to be in the more he smiled, but he never stopped mixing pleasure into his torture so the small girl was always on the verge of climax or helplessly thrashing in the violent throes of explosive orgasm while hanging painfully from the metal rack.
Eventually Steven's arm grew sore from flogging and using the vibrator on Mia. The girl was half unconscious and her hands looked dark from blood as her weight dangled painfully from them. Releasing her, Steven was forced to help her to her knees, Mia was so fatigued she couldn't stand on her own. Powerfully aroused by her feebleness he shoved his cock into her mouth and fucked her slack jaw as she weakly licked him, her basest instinct was to please which amused him deeply.
Mercilessly fucking her face the way he loved he didn't mind the occasional scrape of her teeth as he moved in and out, she was too delirious to avoid his aggressive assault. The periodic discomfort was ameliorated by the delightful kiss of her esophagus when she choked on his knob.
Drool flowed from her mouth and spilled down her red tinged chest. Marvelling at her capacity for abuse, grateful she was strong enough to withstand his worse abuses Steven fucked her mouth, holding her skull in both hands, watching her eyes as they rolled back and fluttered with intoxicated delirium.
When he used her so hard Steven perceived she went inward to some mental place that allowed her to take pleasure in being violated so aggressively. Part of what he enjoyed so much about using Mia was her capacity for enduring anything he did to her. It was a challenge to see if he could puncture her defences and see actual fear or reach her limit for pain. Unaware of what he would do if it happened Steven none-the-less yearned to see either fear or hear her beg him to stop. Either would do.
Knowing her ability to absorb anything he did to her orally he stopped looking to defeat her that way long ago. His cock would hurt long before she gave up from him fucking her face, he only did that for himself at that point, and as he contemplated hurting her he lost interest in her sucking his cock.
"Go to the bed." He ordered.
Following the staggering girl to the next room he slapped her ass to urge her onward. A large bed with bindings affixed to each bedpost stood in the middle of the room away from the walls so he could approach from any angle.
"Strip me."
The middle-aged property owner loved having the petite girl undress him, it was one of his favourite things to watch her act like a servant of old to a nobleman. Gazing at her gorgeous body now criss-crossed with lash-marks and welts, her tear blotched face still adorable, but now reduced to a humbled, subservient expression of obsequiousness filled him with a sense of power that intoxicated him.
Every few seconds her big brown eyes would flick to his scanning for his next order, her hands shaking, her movements unsteady with the extremity of what she had already been through. The older man had no idea if she was aware of how much her frightened glances inflamed him, but her cowering titillated him to no end.
When he was fully naked he ordered her onto the bed and climbed on top of her easing his thick girth into her tight, wet cunt.
Another way he enjoyed tormenting her was to make love to her face to face, slowly, tenderly kissing her mouth, claiming her passion as his right, caressing her like a lover, intimately and possessively. Mia clearly felt mortified by the forced intimacy and as she grew more and more passionate being treated nicely he took malicious glee in getting her steadily more aroused by gently making love to her. Lightly brushing her nipples, or cupping her small breasts he urged her bliss to build. With careful, ginger touches he teased ecstasy from her clit while easing his thick cock in and out of her quivering sex.
When Mia began to climax, and she always did, he carried on moving inside her, rubbing her and soothing her aching skin as she trembled beneath his weight. At some point, and that day it didn't take long, his cruelty forced him to hurt her when she least expected it. Leaning down he bit her nipple until she cried out and then he switched breasts and did it again, still driving his cock in and out of her clutching cunt.
Huge brown eyes implored him to stop hurting her, but she didn't say the safe word so he bit her all over her firm titties leaving bite marks that made his cock twitch in her grip. Not wanting to cum just yet he pulled out and told her to get on all fours. Steven spat on her anus and forced his wide phallus into her tight bung-hole, making her whimper delightfully.
Pillaging her rectum for a time he slowly built up speed, the burning friction of her tightness giving way to the warm caress of loosened bowels. Grunting as she absorbed the impact of his thrusts Mia gasped and panted as she accommodated his invading prick. By the time he was gripping her hips and fucking her hard and fast she was mewling with suppressed pleasure, her climax hovering close, but not quite arriving.
Reaching around her Steven began rubbing her clit hard and the girl bucked and drove herself back onto his cock as she jolted at his touch. Rubbing rapidly over her clit Steven fucked her ass and made the girl climax in a yowling, twitching, orgasmic frenzy.
Steven had things to do and it was the middle of his work day so he settled into taking his own pleasure from the girl now that he had wrung enough orgasms from her reluctant libido.
"Get on your back."
When she was in position Steven once again plundered her ass and crammed himself into her tight rear entry. Fucking her hard and fast he drove toward his own orgasm watching her face, the expression of mingled distaste, obedience and lust. Groping her welted tits, staring at the lash marks he'd left Steven pummelled Mia's ass and felt his climax begin deep in his balls. As he reached the point of orgasmic inevitability he pulled out and ordered her to kneel.
Allowing her to take over stroking his cock Steven stood hands on hips relishing his dominance over the gorgeous young woman who was forced by terrible circumstanced to humiliate herself for his pleasure. Nothing else in his emotionally withered life gave him more joy than degrading the pretty tenant who couldn't afford her rent.
Mesmerizing the sight of her on her knees below his erection, little hands both caressing him, messy hair pulled back by her head band, smooth face turned upward, mouth wide, tongue extended to receive his load, wounded eyes beseeching him to cum and end her torment he began to climax. As he spilled his cum onto her outstretched tongue Steven moaned aloud as the bliss he felt overwhelmed him. The adorable girl smiled as his sperm rained down onto her skin and he saw the abject, animal lust fill her brown eyes as thick gouts of jism spattered over her. Even after everything he did to her she took pleasure in her defilement, which incited Steven to continue climaxing as she jacked his shaft.
Tick tick tick... 11:15 a.m.
All good things must come to an end and Mia felt Mr. Langdon's climax abate and his cock stop pulsing in her grip. Warm spunk dripped over her face, warming her skin getting in her eye and trickling into her mouth. The sordid ooze of his jizz sliding over her skin made her shiver with degradation and lust.
Wrapped himself in a robe her landlord told her to follow him to the office. Usually he gave her a little more time to collect herself after their encounters, but she rose on weak legs and stumbled after him, her body sore and raw from the flogging.
"Sit down. Try not to get any cum on my chair. Put your shirt under your cunt too."
the cold one in his voice alerted her that something was wrong. The letter on the table down-stairs intruded past her resistance to the alarms it set off when she'd received it.
"Calculating your debt, and placing the agreed upon value to our sessions I have assessed that its going to take you seven years to fully pay your debt and maintain paying your rent."
The big man made eye contact and Mia felt a sinking sensation in the pit of her stomach at the look in his eyes. None of the usual post-coital kindness radiated from his usually cold stare. Looking at his hazel eyes she saw nothing at all, just cool indifference.
"I've had an offer to buy the building and I am going to have to end your tenancy and that of your grandfather in order to balance my accounts." He smiled a movement of his mouth that didn't even reach his cheeks. "Nothing personal, you understand."
"What? We have to leave?"
"Yes. You have thirty days as per the letter I sent. It was registered mail, you signed for it."
"But... my grandfather...?"
"I suspect the kindest thing you can do for him is admit him to a facility better suited to caring for him than... well, you."
"He doesn't have any money for that?"
"Ah, well, yes. That is a problem." But not mine, his tone finished.
"You knew..." Mia suddenly understood that he had known this when he had sent her the summons to his penthouse.
"Pardon?"
"You new. You already knew you were evicting us before you did... before you did all that to me."
The sense of violation swelled within her breast. Heat filled her head with red rage. Steven raised a hand to mollify her.
"So did you." The older man was clearly confused by her reaction. "That was a conclusion to our arrangement. That paid for your rent from months ago. It as owed."
"Owed?"
Incredulous she attempt to comprehend what was happening. The world seemed strange, slow and sinister.
"Yes, owed. As per our arrangement. This should have been clear in the letter. Did you read it?"
"Our arrangement which you ended immediately after you tortured me." The aches and pains in her body flared as she contemplated the depravity he unleashed upon her any memory of the awful letter burned away by the indignity she felt.
"Torture, is such a dramatic word. That was consensual intercourse. You have a safe word you never used."
On his desk the metal stature of the prostrate woman inspired her to beg. Climbing up on his smooth wooded desk she plead for her home and that of her Grandfather.
"Please don't do this to us! I'm begging you!" Tears fell on his polished desk, and she lowered her head to the smooth surface, hands outstretched in the same hunched, abject pose the stature held.
"Don't be ridiculous girl. This is embarrassing."
Mia looked at him, recoiling in his chair, robe falling open and his flaccid pecker drooping between his thick legs.
Tick tick tick...
BOOM
With an audible electric surge she thought she could hear outside her skull Mia felt her sanity fizzle out and end. Lifting the statue she swung it as hard as her desperation allowed and struck a wholly unsuspecting Steven on the temple with the heavy brass object of art.
The thud was sickening and the way her landlord slumped to the floor looked strangely boneless for such a big man. Groaning low he didn't resist, but twitched spasmodically. Climbing from the desk Mia hit him over and over until the statue bent and became ungainly in her hands. Blood spattered her nudity, mingling with the sperm staining her front.
For several minutes Mia wandered the penthouse lighting things on fire with a bar-b-que lighter until smoke made her cough and she was forced to leave.
All the way down the stairs she lit things on fire using Steven's lighter to ignite anything flammable she could find. When she reached her grandfather's apartment the alarms were ringing and people were flooding out of the building, some stopping to assess the naked girl spattered in blood and something else, but took one look at her face and ran away.
When she reached her grandfather he grinned at her nudity.
"Hello Sweetie. Did you come to play with Grandpa?"
"Yes Grandpa."
Climbing onto his fragile lap she snuggled him as he protested her sleight weight. Ignoring his protest she cuddled the man she hated and loved most in the world and wept as smoke filled the apartment.
5:30 p.m.
Leo couldn't wait to tell Mia that his bosses loved his character and were speaking to their lawyer to work out copyright details and move forward incorporating him into one of their other runs as an introduction to the character. When he saw the flashing lights he didn't think they were at his apartment until he smelled smoke and saw the charred remains of the demolished building.
Even in his moment of greatest triumph he keenly felt the loss of everything he owned, which wasn't much. Once by one the tenants assembled outside their building returning from their days and eventually it was determined that three people were unaccounted for. When Leo understood that Mia was missing he felt in his bones that she was gone. Discovering he was right didn't feel good in anyway.
In the years to come he remained grateful for the sliver of time he'd shared with the vibrant, giving young woman, his Manic Pixie Dream Girl who inspired him to achieve his goals. Later as a successful comic creator he modelled a character on Mia, but by that time he'd already forgotten more about her than he remembered. Still she touched his life at a pivotal moment and he never forgot the adorable, unhinged girl who burned down his apartment building.