Tammy sat in the car. She was going to do this, she thought to herself. Her pussy was soaked and she was filled with a nervous, horny energy.
It had been two weeks since she wore her little dress on that hot summer's day. She had been masturbating two to three times a day thinking about the older man standing at the counter and looking down at her small tits. She fantasized about his hard cock, imagined him stroking it as he thought about her naked body.
She hadn't had the courage to wear the dress to work again until today. The morning was glorious, Tammy was horny, and so she decided to wear that little dress that exposed her small 18-year-old tits. Once again, the material folded out at the top, exposing her from the right angle. If you were taller than Tammy and looked down you would see her naked breasts, her petite, hard nipples standing firm and round.
It was only a four hour shift but she had watched the men peeking at her. She hadn't worn panties today and her pussy had been wet all morning as she served customers at the checkout. With five minutes to go she decided to carry out her other fantasy.
Two weeks ago, she was so desperate to have a wank that she almost pulled down the side street next to her work and masturbated in the car. Sadly, there was a white van parked there with someone inside so she had to wait 20 minutes until she got home. The thought of wanking in her car had been turning her on for days. The thrill of maybe someone seeing her or even getting caught gave her butterflies.
She was lost in thought and fantasies when the shadow of another customer appeared at her counter.
Oh god, it`s him,she thought as she looked up at the man that had so openly stared at her tits two weeks ago.
"Good morning, sir," she said as she began to scan his groceries through the checkout.
"Morning, beautiful," he replied.
Her heart pounded as he said the words. She couldn't look up at him, wondering if he was ogling her tits again.
She kept her head down as she ran the items through the scanner.
"It's a beautiful day," he said slowly.
"Yes," Tammy replied. "It really is."
Finally, the last item went through and she looked up at him as he handed his credit card over.
Sure enough, his eyes were fixed on her chest. She quickly looked down and took his credit card. She couldn't help but look at his crotch and saw the huge bulge in his jeans. She could see the outline of his hard cock, laying over to the right, and could even make out the shape of the swollen head. Her stomach tightened and she could feel tingles of pleasure shooting through her pussy.
She swallowed hard and swiped his credit card. It seemed to take forever to approve, and she caught another glance of his swollen cock.
"Thank you" she said croakily and handed the credit card back to the tall handsome older man.
"No thankyou," he said as he took his box of groceries and headed out the door.
Tammy watched as he walked out the door, longing to run her fingers over her swollen clit. Only one minute to go she thought to herself.
Dan had been thinking of the cute brunette with the open dress for two weeks. He had snuck in several masturbation sessions when his wife was out in that time and the thought of those little tits sent him over the edge. He had been back to the store several times but hadn't managed to catch one of her shifts.
Finally, it was a Saturday and his wife was staying at her friend's house. Dan was looking forward to an afternoon of masturbating and watching porn but thought he might go and see if the young woman was working. Just the thought of her made his cock stir.
It was another glorious day and after dropping his wife off at her friends, he headed to the grocery store.
His cock leapt when he walked in and saw that not only was she there, but she was wearing the same dress.
By the time he got to the counter and she started to run his items through the checkout, his cock was rock hard and straining against his jeans.
Once again, he could see right down that dress at those beautiful small pale tits, so pert and round, and her hard nipples.
He noticed she kept her head down and must have seen the bulge in his pants. Just the thought made him so turned on that he knew he'd have to wank in the car.
After she handed her credit card back, he walked awkwardly to the car, threw the groceries in and drove to the side street.
He unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans and his cock sprang out, hard, thick, pulsing. He began to gently tease the shaft with a light stroke, barely touching the skin. Being this hard felt very good and he wanted to enjoy the sensation.
After a couple of minutes of this, he opened the door and got out of the car. There was more room in the passenger seat to stretch out.
The sun felt good on his naked cock and being outside next to a busy street turned him on even more. He poured some of the olive oil he bought from the store into his hand and gently worked it over his cock. As he walked around to passenger side of the van he heard a car pull into the abandoned street.
Shit, he thought.Who could this be?Had someone spotted him already? He hid behind the van and peeked out to get a better look. The car had slowed as it went past but then pulled over to the curb opposite.
His cock thickened and pulsed when he saw it was the young brunette from the shop. His hand closed around the lubed shaft as he gave himself a long, slow pump.
He watched as she nervously looked around. She hesitated for a few moments before he saw her look down and it looked like she was masturbating. Dan's cock surged again as he kept slowly pumping the shaft. A few seconds later she pushed the seat back and pulled her dress over her shoulders.
***************************************************************
Tammy had been fantasizing about masturbating in her car for a couple of weeks now. She had butterflies in her stomach as she turned the car into the abandoned street but was dismayed to see the white van there again. She slowed as she drove past but couldn't see anyone in there inside.
She pulled up opposite the van and was deciding trying to decide if she should go ahead with her plan. Her pussy was soaked and she needed to cum badly. She Slowly, she lifted her skirt, exposing her naked hairy pussy and the thrill sent the butterflies into her stomach into overdrive.
What if the owner of the van came back, she thought? What if she got caught? He fingers started swirling over her clit, teasing, and she felt spikes of pleasure shooting through her body.
Fuck it,she thought. She pushed her seat back and pulled her dress over her shoulders. The sun felt wonderful on her small naked breasts and her nipples were hard and erect.
She reclined her seat and started running her hands over her body, cupping her breasts, and feeling the warm sun work its magic on her bare skin.
She began to think of the older customer's bulge she saw and wondered if he was going to stroke that beautiful cock when he got home.
She opened the window so she could hear the busy sounds of the city while she wanked and closed her eyes.
When her fingers finally found her clit, and she let out a moan and her body involuntarily convulsed.
"Good afternoon, miss," came a husky voice and she squealed and shot bolt upright in the seat.
"Fuck, fuck," she said. "I'm so sorry." and Then she looked up into the eyes of the customer from the store.
Oh my god, she thought. She felt so embarrassed that she covered her tits with her arm and tried to hide her soaked pussy with her hand.
"Its fine," he said as his eyes wandered over her body. "I was doing the same thing."
She noticed his left arm was moving back and forth and looked over the edge of the door.
Her heart nearly leapt out of her chest as she saw that he was naked and his cock was erect. and hard. His hand gripped his shiny lubed cock and was slowly pumping it back and forth. The sun made the oil glisten on his hard shaft and the head was swollen, purple and huge. His cock was arrow straight and pointing straight at her.
"Ohhhhhhh," she let out involuntarily.
"Do you mind if I join you and we can masturbate together?" He asked.
She swallowed hard, and tried to tear her eyes away from his cock.
"Um," she stuttered, struggling to find words.
"It'll be okay," he said. "Let's just masturbate together and enjoy the view."
"Ok," she croaked as she moved her arm away from her tits and finally looked up into at his face.
Their eyes met and he smiled. "May I get in?" he asked.
"Yes," she replied.
She watched his naked body as he turned and walked around to the passenger seat. Her fingers had already started to massage her clit as he opened the door and she could feel her heart thumping in her chest.
She saw that beautiful hard cock staring right at her as the door swung open.
He got into the car and reclined the seat back and Tammy tried to avert her eyes for a moment, but her heart kept thumping in her chest and her pussy felt like it was on fire.
"Damn you are beautiful," he said as his hand gripped his cock and began to slowly pump the shaft from his balls to the tip.
Tammy closed her eyes, embarrassed, hot, horny as fuck, and not knowing where to look. She could feel his gaze on her body now.
"You can look at my cock," he said. "Just enjoy this with me."
"Ohhhhh," she let out, as she opened her eyes.
His hand was massaging the tip, gently teasing the swollen head. It looked huge, purple and glistened.
"Do you feel good?" he asked
She nodded her head. Her whole body was a tingling mess of sexual desire now.
"Mmmm so do I," he said. "Look how hard you have me. Do you like what you see?" he asked.
"Yesssssssss," she whispered. Tammy plunged two fingers into her pussy and was using her other hand to massage her clit now. Her nipples were as hard as rocks.
"I've been wanking and thinking about you for two weeks. And now I'm here, wankingwithyou," he said as his hand slipped over the head of his cock.
Tammy let out another moan. She had never felt so turned on in all her life.
"Do you wank often?" he asked.
She nodded her head, not taking her eyes off his beautiful cock.
"I bet you like watching porn don't you?" he said.
She nodded again and let out another moan. She could already feel an orgasm building.
"What porn do you like to watch?" he asked.
She didn't say anything at first. Her pussy was on the verge of orgasm and her body was alight with desire.
"I like watching guys wank," she whispered, "and gangbangs."
Dan's cock pulsed, and he felt his own orgasm beginning to near.
"Mmmmmm" he said. "You are a naughty girl aren't you?"
Tammy's fingers were working her clit hard now and she knew she wouldn't be able to stop herself from cumming.
"Yessss," she said. The waves of pleasure were too much now and her body began to shake. Her fingers were pumping in and out of her pussy and she arched her back as she came, letting out a gasp.
Dan had to slow his stroking as he was on the edge of cumming himself now. The precum was forming droplets on the eye of his cock and he knew he was only a few strokes away from erupting. He wanted her to be the one to make his cock explode though.
He began gently tapping the tip of his lubed cock with his fingers. The sticky precum mixed with the oil and sharp, electric bolts of pleasure shot through the shaft with each light touch. He watched as her body shook and she let out a gasp as her fingers worked her beautiful, hairy pussy.
She finally slumped back in the seat and after about 30 seconds opened her eyes.
"Wow," she said. "That was intense."
She looked at his thick, swollen cock again and her fingers couldn't help but start gently rubbing her clit once more.
"Can you cum more than once?" Dan said.
Tammy nodded slowly, her eyes locked onto Dan's cock.
"Have you ever been so horny you`ve spent the whole day masturbating and watching porn?" he asked.
She nodded again.
"Mmmmmm" he moaned. "I`m going to try and hold off and cum with you, but will you do something for me?"
She nodded slowly.
"When I`m ready to cum I want you to do the last strokes. Will you do that for me?" he asked
Tammy nodded, she desperately wanted to feel that big cock and make it cum.
"Do you know what edging is?" Dan asked.
Tammy had seen the edging videos on Pornhub. She loved watching men stroke their cocks and hold off cumming for as long as possible as they watched porn.
"Yes," she whispered. "Is that what you are doing now?"
"Sort of," Dan replied. "This cock is ready to explode. That's why I`m just lightly stroking it. If I squeeze too hard right now I`m going to cum."
Tammy couldn't take her eyes of that cock now. Her fingers were pushing into her swollen and red pussy lips and she could feel another orgasm starting to build inside her already.
"I want you to tap on the tip with your fingers when I tell you," Dan said. "Just lightly. Then when I say so, I want you to make your hand feel like a pussy and do long gentle strokes from the tip to the base."
"Ohhhhh," Tammy whispered. She was so horny now that her legs were beginning to shake.
Dan gave his cock several more strokes. He knew his orgasm was seconds away.
Tammy started thrusting her hips as Dan suddenly pulled his hand away from his cock.
"Ok, just tap the tip gently," he said.
Tammy buried her fingers hard into her pussy as her other hand reached over, and she gently did as she was told. She could feel the throbbing heat and the silky smooth skin on her fingertips.
"That's it," Dan said. The feel of her light taps was light thunderbolts through his cock.
"Ok," he said. "Just long slow strokes. I need to cum."
Dan thrust his cock up as her fingers wrapped around the head and slowly glided down the slick shaft.Fuck,he thought.She knows how to wank a cock.He watched her chest heave up and down and saw how hard her nipples were.
Her fingers reached his balls and she gave them a squeeze before gripping the shaft gently and lifting her fingers slowly back up to the tip. This time, she gripped harder and slid her hand back down. She could feel that it was now rock hard.
Dan held his breath as he felt cum begin to surge up the shaft.
Tammy`s hand reached his balls and slid up the shaft and now she could feel it begin to pulse. Her pussy felt like it was on fire and she watched as the first drop of precum appeared on his tip. She gripped it hard now and wanked the head of his cock, feeling it begin to throb in her hand.
Dan tried to hold back for as long as he could but big spurts of cum began to erupt from his cock. They flew into the air and landed on his chest as he let out a gasp.
Tammy kept wanking the head of his cock and the last few spurts of warm hot cum oozed over her fingers.
She held the shaft in her hand and went to work on her pussy, feeling the first waves of her orgasm engulf her body. She thrust her pussy into fingers hard as wave after wave of pleasure engulfed her body.
At last, she felt the pleasure begin to ebb away and was aware of the hot sticky cum on her finger. She slowly circled it around her nipples, rubbing it into her soft skin.
"Fuck," she said finally.
"Yep," Dan replied. His cock was still bolt upright and his chest was covered in his own cum.
"That was amazing." he said. "Would you like to do this again?"
"God yes," she whispered.
"My name is Dan, by the way," Dan said as he smiled.
"I`m Tammy," she whispered in reply.
They both fell into silence for a moment. The sun felt warm on their skin as Dan's cock finally began to deflated and fall across his belly.
"Would you mind if I asked a male friend to join us next time... purely for mutual masturbation," he asked.
Tammy`s heart pounded in her chest and she didn't know how to respond.
"We can watch porn and masturbate together. I think you would love him and his big cock," Dan said.
Tammy`s pussy tingled and she let out another moan.
"I take it that's a yes," Dan said and smiled.
"Got a pen?" he said as he opened the door and got out of the car.
Tammy reached over to the glove box and pulled out a pen and some paper. Dan gave her his work number and said a cheery goodbye.
Tammy watched his bare butt and instinctively began to rub her pussy again.