I had been planning for nearly a year. I spent countless hours in the gym working on my cardio and weight training. I just competed in my very first triathlon three weeks ago (I lost but did finish). My body looks better now, than it has at any time in my life. I know that I am in the best shape of my life. You might ask why someone my age would do this. The reason was simple, last Saturday I attended my 30-year high school reunion. I have become very competitive over the years and wanted to make sure I looked better than anyone else that was going to show up.
Growing up, I was a total wallflower. I did my best to blend into the crowd. My parents were very old fashion and tried their best to raise a good girl. That all changed at the end of the 11th grade. What happened to change me? I started dating my husband. He encouraged me to do, think, and try so many new things. If you read any of my other stories, you will see some of the amazon things we have done over the last 31 years.
Senior year, I became one of the wildest girls in the school. I had turned 18 over the summer and I was ready to have some fun. Some of the other students (mostly other girls) called me the class slut, but hey, I was having fun. I went from being Ms. Nobody to being the girl all of the boys wanted to hang out with.
My senior class only had 112 students, 50 of them were boys. By the time I graduated from high school, I counted that I had been fucked, sucked off, or had some other sexual thing done to me or me to them by at least 12 of them. That means 25% of the guys really, really liked me and more than likely, I had a lot higher percentage of the girls that hated me.
What did these two facts have to do with each other? My husband had giving me a dare (remember I am very competitive). The dared was to have some form of sex, by the end of the night with each of the 12 guys I played around with in school. I agreed but added in the following restrictions. We agreed the guy had to show up at the reunion, the guy had to be physically able to perform (we are getting older), and the guy had to stay at the reunion long enough that it would be possible for me to get them alone. If I pulled it off, I get a day of total indulgence. If I failed then I would provide a day of total indulgence to my husband.
My husband did something else for me that blew me away. Last week he told me he had to go out and get something for the party. About an hour later, I can hear a car blowing its horn in my drive. I looked out to see what was going on. My husband was in the driveway, in my old Camaro. I got the car for my 16th birthday present. I have not driven it for the last 10 years or so. He somehow got it out of the pole barn, took it over to our friend who loves to work on cars, and had him completely redo the car. It looked like it was brand new. He told me if I want to relive the glory days I needed to have some way to get there and back. I loved it.
Saturday morning came and I headed to the spa. I started with a massage, manicure, and pedicure. I follow that up with a bikini wax. This is one change I have made with my body from high school to now. I love to have a completely smooth pubic area. Back in high school, I had a bush that I cannot image having now. I also get my haircut and styled with the big hairstyle I had back then.
I have been looking and shopping for an outfit that has an 80's feel to it. I also needed it to help show off my new hard body I have been working on for the last year. My other requirement was that I would be able to give the guys easy access to any part of my body they wanted to use. I went with a black tub top with a couple of shiny strips up the front, a black skirt with lace netting over the top and black crotchless pantyhose. I add a pair of heels and a matching jacket.
We climbed into the Camaro, with the T-tops off. I sat in the driver's seat, because I always drove back in school. The trip takes about 45 minutes to get to the high school. Just to get me going my husband spent his time playing with my tits. He had my top pulled down almost as soon as we were out of the driveway. My tits were on display for anyone driving by us in a higher vehicle. Which is just about any car with how low the Camaro sits. He also spent a lot of time running his finger up and down my pussy. My pussy is total wet and dripping. He never did it hard enough or long enough to take me over the top. He knows how excited I am but tells me he loves to watch me beg to get off.
The only time I knew someone was watching us was the short time we spent on the highway. As I pulled on to the highway, an old truck with a couple of farm boys was driving by. The one in the passenger seat most have spotted us and told his friend to ride along next to us. My husband was the first to notice. He was pinching and pulling on my right nipple when he told me about the kids next to us. He said, the kid looks like he really likes your tits. When I looked up the kid is looking straight down at me. I am sure he has a great view of both of my tits. I blow him a kiss.
My husband turned move to me so that he could grab each of my tits. He held them up higher and played with both of my nipples at the same time. He licked and suck on my right nipple. He told me that the kid had his phone out. I looked up and he was either taking pics of my tits or shooting a video. I licked my lips and blew him another kiss. After a few minutes, my husband moved his left hand down to my skirt and pulled it up so that I was completely uncovered. He then pulls my legs as wide open as he can. I slid my ass forward so that my pussy was easier to see. Using both hands, he pulled my pussy lips apart and slid his middle finger in and out of my wet pussy. Once he had his finer totally covered in my juices, he pulled it out of me, and ran it around my mouth. He then had me lick and suck his finger clean. I was sure the kid could not believe what he was seeing. Before he could do any more, we reached our exit and they keep going. I told him he had better finish what he started. I was so close to coming, but he just pulled my skirt down and pulled up my top. He told me he was sure I would be able to find someone at the party to help me out.
We parked and headed in to the school. As we checked in, I noticed we must have been one of the last to get there. There were only a few tags left on the table. I noticed that Donny's tag was still on the table. He was one of the 12 I was hoping to get with. When we got in the gym, the first thing I did was head over to my best friends table. Her and her husband were there with a couple others friends. One of them is Russ and his wife. He is my husband's best friends and had been my boyfriend before I met my husband. He was also the one that did all the work on my car. I gave everyone a hug and thanked Russ for the job he did. He told me it was fun to do and with the money my husband paid him, he was very happy to do it.
I told him he did forget something. He asked what and I told him to follow me and I would show him. I led him out to the car. Once we got there, I pushed him back against the car and tell him I wanted to thank personally for the job he done on my car. I kneel down in front of him. I undid his pants and pulled his limp cock out of his pants. I took his cock and both of his balls in my mouth. I ran my tongue over and around them. While I was doing that, he had reached down, pulled both of my tits out of my shirt, and started to play with them. His cock quickly hardened and soon I was working my way up and down on his cock. I was going from just the tip of his cock between my lips and then let it slid all the way down so that his cock was sliding into the back of my throat.
As I worked his cock in and out with nice slow movements, he told me to go faster. He needed to cum and get back into the party before his wife missed us. He grabbed the back of my head and started to fuck my mouth as fast as he could. He is using my head to jack himself off. Almost without notice, he pulled me tight to him, and forced as much of his cock in my mouth as he could. He held me there while he shot several large loads of cum into the back of my throat. I let him finish coming and he finally pulled out when he was done. I stood up, hugged him to me, and thanked him again for doing such a great job on my car. He leaned back on the car and told me he sure does miss having me around. We both straightened up and head back in to the party.
When we got back in, I told my husband 1 down and 10 to go. He asked what happen to the 12th guy. I told him I would take care of that tonight when we get home, unless he needed me to fuck him right now. We could hear Russ telling his wife, that he missed doing some of the lining in the back seat of the Camaro. He said that he would have to spend a few nights over at our house to finish up. He gave me a smile and told me maybe he would stop by next week and take care of my little problem. I told him I would be around every day just let me know when.
After a few minutes, I told everyone I was going to walk around to see who else was here. I noticed Brad and Jeff at the bar. I walked up between them and ask why they had not ordered me a drink yet. They both looked up and said hi. Each gave me a hug and kiss. Brad stood up and offered me his stool. Jeff ordered us all a round of shots.
They asked me why I was here all by myself. I told them that John was over at the table talking to Russ. I said I was bored and hoped to find a couple of good-looking guys that were up to helping a lady out. Brad asked what I needed. He was sure Jeff and he could handle any need I had. I told them that my pussy was so hot that if someone did not fuck me soon it might catch on fire. It only took them a few seconds and both were up and pulling me behind them. They moved through a door next to the stage and around a corner into the backstage area.
Jeff pulled me around and started to kiss me and run his hands over my tits. Brad was behind me with his hands on my hips. Brad was pulling my ass back into his crotch. I could feel him running his cock into the crack of my ass. He told me he could not believe how fucking hot and tight my body still was. He slide his hands down my thighs and then back up under my skirt. He said he would love to have my hot thighs wrapped around his head. He had his other hand under my shirt. He was running his hand over my ads and told me how he could feel every muscle.
Jeff had my top down and playing with both of my tits. He asked me if my tits were real because they are still just as firm as he remembered them. I tell him that they are all mine. Brad took no time to find my open crotch and worked his fingers into my wet pussy. While the guys were working on me, I had pulled Jeff's cock out of his pants and started to jack him off.
I looked around and noticed the gym mats stacked up to the side of the stage. I told the guys to move over to the mats. I laid across the mats on my back, with my head and legs hung over each side. When I looked at the stage, I could see into the gym through a small opening in the curtain. I could see a few people moving around but far enough away from the stage I figured that someone would have to be looking right at us to see what was going on. I pulled my legs up and out so that my pussy was wide open and facing the opening in the curtain.
Brad moved up and covered my whole pussy with his mouth. He sucked hard on my pussy and ran his tongue through my slit and over my clit several times. He then used his teeth to pull on my lips and stretched them out as far as he could. I was watching him work on my pussy and watching to see if anyone was looking our direction. I asked him if he could remember the first time, he ate my pussy. He told me that he could never forget it. He looked up at me and told me that my pussy was the first he ever seen and first he ever licked. He told me that he still jacks off to that vision to this day.
Jeff moved around to the other side of the mats and was standing over my head. He pulled my head back toward him and shoved his cock into my mouth. He told Brad he remembered that also. He told him that he could remember being in the dugout fucking my mouth like he was doing now and watching Brad getting me off. I did not even last a minute before I came. I held the back of Brad's head tight to my pussy with my legs wrapped around his head as tight as I could. When I started to cum Brad pushed his thumb into my asshole and keep it there the whole time I was bucking on his face. I must have been moaning to loud even with Jeff's cock in my mouth, because he keep telling me to quiet down. When I let Brad up, he stood up and slid his cock into my pussy. Once he got a good rhythm going, he leaned down and started to suck on my nipples.
Jiff was the next to cum. He forced his cock into my mouth hard and let several squirts of cum lose down my throat. He pulled his cock out and left it right in front of my mouth. I licked and sucked just the head of his cock. My pussy was so wet by than that you could clearly hear a wet slapping sound every time Brad plunged into me.
I almost jumped out of my skin, when I heard someone say, what the hell is going on in here. All three of us stopped moving and looked over at the door. It took a second but I realized the guys were Jimmy and Kent. Two more of the guys I was hoping to get with tonight. Brad looked back at me and told me he almost had a heart attack. He though they were busted. While he was telling me that, he started fucking me at a nice pace. He was fucking me just a little slower than he was before Jimmy and Kent got there. He reached down, pulled my legs up, and held them tight together. He reached up and pulled my shoes off. Next, he started to run his tongue over the soles of my feet.
Jimmy and Kent had moved over and moved Jeff out of the way. They were standing on either side of me. I reached up and started to rub their cocks through their pants. I asked them how they knew we were back her. They told me that Russ told them to check out what was happing behind the stage. They told me when they were walking past the stage they could clearly hear what sounded like someone fucking. Kent told me a few other people were looking at the stage with strange looks but did not follow. He said as they walked past that they could clearly see Brad fucking someone.
I worked both of their pants open and they let them drop to the floor. They were standing so close to me that both of their cocks were right over my face. I reached up and started jacking them off. I took Kent's cock into my mouth first and got it covered in my spit. I then did the same thing to Jimmy's cock. I laid back and just started to work my hand up and down both of their cocks.
I told them to play with my tits. I asked them to get my nipple good and hard because I wanted them to cum on my nipples. They each took a tit with both hands and started to pull and pinch my nipples. I was watching them play with my nipples and Brad as he keep up the pounding he was giving my pussy. I could also see a small group of people through the curtain just talking and laughing. I remember thinking how fucking crazy this is. That at any time someone could see or hear us and we would all be busted.
Brad was still working his cock in and out of my pussy and sucking on my nylon cover toes. I tried to hold off but I was hit with my next orgasam. I was panting and moaning a little too loud I guess because Jeff moved over and covered my mouth. He told me to be quit before we are all busted. My orgasam just keep going and Brad just keep pumping into me. After what seemed like 5 minutes of hard pounding by Brad, I felt him shoot his cum into my pussy. I used my legs to pull him into me as hard as I could.
Brad pulled out of me and moved over by Jeff. I moved up a little on the mat so that both Kent and Jimmy have their cocks over top of my nipples. I aimed their cocks at my nipples and really started to pump them hard. I could still see people through the curtain as I was laying with my legs fully spread with cum running out of my pussy and down my ass. I was pumping two guys cocks hard and had them pointed straight at my tits. I was so turned on at that moment that I started to have another orgasam without anyone even touching me. I was pumping my hips into the air and straight at the crack in the curtains. I did manage to keep my moaning down this time.
Jimmy was the first to cum and he let out 2 or 3 long spurts of cum that hit my tit and nipple. Kent reached down, took his own cock in his hand, and started to pump hard. Just as he started to cum, he cupped my tit and pushed the tip of his cock hard into my nipple. With each spurt of cum, I could feel it pushing out of his cock and spraying out and over my nipple. When he was done, he moved away. I pulled both of my tits up to my mouth. I licked and sucked as much cum off my tits and nipples as I could. I looked straight into each of their eyes, the whole time I was sucking their cum off my tits. I love watching guy's reaction when I do something like that.
When I was done, we all get up and dressed. I headed to the bathroom to clean up before meeting back up with the guys at the bar. Each of us did several shots. Each of the guys keep asking when they could meet up with me in the future. I tell them that we still have lots of fun we did back in the day. I got all of their contacts and told them that the next time we have a party I would let them know.
I then headed back over to my husband and told him 5 down and 6 more to go. That is when he told me Bill and Mike would not be coming. Bill had passed away last year and Mike had declined to come. I felt bad about Bill, he was always nice to me. I was ok with Mike not being there. I only ever did stuff with him because he hung around with us. He always seem like a jerk to me. I told my husband that leaves 4 but I still have not seen Donny or Greg, so maybe only 2 more if I can get them.
Dinner was served. My husband and I sat down with John, Ted, and their wife's. These were 2 of the 4 guys I needed to get with. We all share a few stories of what we have been up to over the years. I told everyone about my job and my husband told them all about his work.
John introduced us to his wife Kelly. He lets us know that she worked as a nurse at the local hospital. He also told us that he still lives in the same house that he grew up in. He purchased it from his parents and that they moved to Texas. I remember the first time he fucked me was on his mom and dad's bed. He told us that Kelly is his third and with luck last wife.
Ted had married Sue. They were both part of our class. He works at the local Ford plant and she stays home and watches there 3 grand kids. Sue never liked me much. She always thought I was playing around with Ted. I was, but she was never able to prove it. I remember getting my husband to bring Ted into our group of friends because Sue really pissed me off at school one day and I wanted to fuck her boyfriend to get back at her. Several times Ted had told me how fuck Sue on the way home after he had fucked me at a party. Just knowing that his cock was covered with my pussy juice as he was fucking her made me happy. The only thing that would have been better is if she would have giving him a blowjob on these days.
I was setting with Ted on my right side. Several times through dinner, I tried to make some kind of physical contact with him. I would let my hand touch his or would bump my leg into his. When I was sure Sue was not looking, I would drop my hand down and run it up and down his thigh. It took him a while to catch on but he started doing the same. Sometime in the middle of dinner, he told everyone that he was going to get drinks. I let him go and after a few minutes did the same. When I get to the bar, he had just placed his order and asked what I wanted. I told him I would settle for a couple of vodkas and OJ but I would prefer something a lot harder and longer if he was offering it up.
He told me, you know that Sue is setting right there. I tell him I know but that never stopped him back in school. I told him I could remember several times when I had given him a blowjob while she was only in the next room. I could even remember her walking in on us one time when he had his fingers buried deep in my pussy but was lucky enough that I was facing away from her and she could not tell for sure. He told me, that she still accuse him of messing around with that cheap slut from school to this day. I looked at him and told him that by no means was I a cheap slut, I may be a slut, but no one would call me cheap. We both laugh at that.
He told me, she would kill him if we were caught. I asked him when was the last time someone sucked his cock until he came deep down her throat. He said it had been close to 30 years. He said Sue is grossed out by giving or receiving oral sex. I tell him if he meets me behind the stage after dinner, I can help him reset the clock. He said it would be very stupid of him to do that but he did not see how he could pass up the chance.
He headed back to the table, but told me that when the dancing starts he will find some way to free himself from his wife. I give it a minute or so before I head back to make sure his wife is not to suspicious. The rest of the dinner was spent talking about old times.
I noticed at one of the tables a few much older people and asked who they were. John was the first to answer. He told me he could not believe I did not know them. He said the woman was Ms. Jacob; she was my least favorite teacher. Next to her was Mr. Taylor the old vice principle. He always seemed to spend his whole day following my husband around the school. The final person was Mr. Arnold. For most of my high school days, he seemed a bit creepy to me. In my senior year, I found out that he was really into voyeurism and young girls. I learned the more I would show him the better my grades would get. I have told this whole story about him in one of my older stores. The one thing I have always wonders about or felt bad about not sure which, was for the better part of a year I would let him either look up my skirts or down my tops but never let him do anything else. I am sure I was the subject of many of his jack off fantasies. I made up my mind right away I was going to make up for it tonight.
As dinner ended, the DJ started up and the tables were moved to open up a dance floor. After the first couple of dances, one of Sue's friend came by the table and the two of them headed out on to the floor. As soon as they were gone, Ted stood up and told us he is heading to the bathroom. As he walked by, he bumped into me and nodded in the direction of the stage. I waited until he was out of the room and told my husband I would be back in a few.
I headed over to the bar and got a couple shots of vodka. I then headed to the back of the stage. Ted was only a few minutes behind me. I handed him a shot and we both downed them. I said just like old times. We started kissing and had our hands all over each other. Ted had his hands under my skirt and squeezing my ass. He told me my ass is unbelievably hard. I worked on the front of Ted's pants to get them open. I pushed him over to the pile of mats I used a little while ago.
I had him lay down on the mats as I completed pulling his pants and underwear done. I than climbed up on top of him and get into a 69 position. I spread my legs as much as I could and lowered my pussy down onto his face. He had his hands on my tits and quickly pulled my top down. I started licking his cock as if it was a Popsicle. Running my tongue from the tip of his cock to the bottom and included his balls. His cock was leaking a ton of precum. I placed the tip of his cock right in front of my mouth and lapped at the slit to lick all of his precum up. Once I had his whole cock covered in my saliva I took his cock into my mouth and just keep sliding it in until the head of his cock was in the back of my throat. At this point, he still had 2 or 3 inches left. I then slowly worked the last few inches in and could feel the head of his cock forcing it way into my throat and closing off my airway. Once I have it completely in my mouth I start to rock back and forth on it. I can normally hold a man's cock in my throat like this for over a minute.
Ted had been sucking and nibbling at my clit and pulling on my nipples the whole time. I can tell he was getting close to coming by his heavy breathing. I let his cock slip out of my mouth so that I could take a few breaths and told him to lick my asshole, because I was close to coming myself. He moved up a little and started to ream my asshole. I felt him pushing hard with his tongue to get it into my asshole. I took his whole cock into my mouth. At the same time, I grabbed his ass, and started fingering his asshole. As soon as I did that, he started to cum. I pushed done as hard as I could on his cock and just let each squirt flow into my throat. When he was done, I sat up a little, used my own hand to rub my clit. With Ted's tongue sliding in and out of my asshole and me rubbing my clit I had my forth and best orgasm of the night so far.
I climbed down off the mats and straitened up my cloths. Ted did the same. I told him if he wanted to stay married, he better go and wash up. If Sue smelled my pussy juices all over you face I think you might be in trouble. He agreed and headed off to the bathroom.
I did the same. I redid my makeup and even brush my teeth. I wanted to make sure I was not giving anything away to anyone. As I was finishing up, Sue came into the bathroom. When she saw me she said, oh I wondered what happen to you. I told her something I ate had left a weird taste in my mouth and was just taking care of it. She gave me a strange look. I just head out back to the party. I stop and get another drink and notice Sue find Ted by the table and gave him a big kiss. I almost spilled my drink on myself as I start to laugh about her kissing him right after he finished tonguing my asshole.
When I found my husband, he told me I failed that John and his wife just left. It looked like I was going to be one short of my goal. I asked him if he had seen Donny or Greg the other 2 guys I need to get with. He told me no one had seen either of them. I told him I had an idea of who could be a pinch hitter to replace John, if he would agree to redo the dare. I told him, I think it is time to find out if Mr. Arnold remembers me. He told me that if I could get Mr. Arnold that he would give me full credit for the night.
My husband and I danced the next couple of dances together. I was watching Mr. Arnold to spot a time when he was alone. He had been moving around talking to different students and seemed to be having a good time. While dancing I thought up a new idea. My best friend and I had both teased Mr. Arnold through most of our senior. Michelle was not willing to do it until we got our first report cards. I had an A and she had a C, even though I did none of the work in his class. After that, she was fully on board.
My new plan was to get Michelle and have here and I both have some fun with Mister Arnold. I found her and told her what I want to do. She agreed after a little pleading on my part. So once, we seen Mr. Arnold heading to the bar, we move over to him and I asked him if he remembers us. The look he gave us told me he clearly did. He said, how could I not remember two of the best students I ever had. I told him I am not sure I was that good of a student but will take the complement anyways. We spent the next several minutes talking about what we have done over the years. He told us that this would be his last year of teaching. That he is retiring after 51 years. We both said we thought he would have retired long ago. He said he had planned to but his wife had died about 15 years ago and that it seemed too lonely to stay home by himself so he just keep teaching.
We asked him if he still had the same room. He said he did, and that almost nothing has changed. We asked him if he would show us the room again for old time and he agreed. So we headed out of the gym and down the hall to his class. When we get in the room, he was right, it looked just like it did when I was in the class. I walked over to the front chair that I used to sit in. I sat down and Michelle did the same. Mr. Arnold sat down behind his desk and asked what you think of the old room.
I told him the seats were still just as uncomfortable as they were when I was in class. I wiggled my ass around, let my legs slide apart, and my skirt slip higher up my thigh. I looked over at Michelle and she was doing the same thing. Her skirt was already shorter than mine was. I could clearly see her panties. When I looked up at Mr. Arnold, it was obvious that he was watching us very closely. I reached down and ran my finger over my exposed pussy. I told him, he would not believe how many times I had wanted to finger my pussy right in the middle of his class while he watch me. I told him how I masturbated over the years thinking about him watching me do this in his class.
He got up and moved over in front of us. He said that he could guarantee it is nowhere close to the number of times he had masturbated over the years think about fucking both of us. He told us that if he had not been so afraid of going to jail he would have tried to get us to have done something with him back then. I tell him that if he had asked I would have told him that both of us were 18 at the time we had him. It would have been legal for him to fuck us both.
He told us both that he used to fantasize about keeping us after class and forcing us to bend over his desk while he fucked us both. He told us that no other student had ever done anything like what we used to do. He told us that give us "A's" for what we did for him was the best tried he ever made. He was standing between us watching both of us fingering ourselves. I reached up, took his right hand, pulled it down to my tits, and asked him if he ever want to touch them and play with them. He told me that he had fuck my tits thousands of times in his dreams.
As he was running his hand over my tits, I reached up and pulled down my top so that my tits popped out and he was running his fingers over my bare nipples. Michelle stood up, moved over to his other side, and guided his left hand down to her pussy. She was rubbing her hand over his cock. She told him she had always wanted to see it. That so many times she could see he had a hard on but could never tell how big his cock was. She worked open his pants and let his cock fall out right in front of my face. It was not huge but even at his age his cock still stood up nice and straight.
He asked us to move over to his desk and lean over like the bad girls we are. We both moved over to the desk and lean down with our elbows on the desktop. Mr. Arnold moved behind Michelle first and flipped her skirt up and over her ass. She was wearing a pair of pink frilly panties and no hose. He then moved behind me and flipped my skirt up. Using his foot, he moved my legs apart so that my feet spread out 3 or 4 feet. My right leg was past Michelle's left leg so that our asses were only inches apart. He was standing in-between us. I felt him run his hand down the crack of my ass and continued until he reaches my clit. He continued to rub me like this for a few strokes. When I look back, I could tell he was doing the same to Michelle.
I see him push Michelle's panties down past her crotch. He then slowly inserted his first two fingers into my pussy and started slowly fucking me with them. I told him, Mr. Arnold I do not think this is right, my mommy and daddy would be very upset with me if they know I was letting you do this. He told me that it is very important that they never find out or I would be expelled from school. That was when Michelle said o please Mr. Arnold please do not do this to me. It feels so strange to have someone touch me down there. He told us just relax and that nothing bad was going to happen.
He then moved up behind me and I could feel his cock slowly slip into my pussy. Once he had it in and started a good rhythm, he reached over to Michelle and pulled her up to him. He told her to open up her shirt. She did as he told her. He then started to play with her tits. He continued to fuck me for a few minutes and then told Michelle to sit down on the edge of the desk. Once she was there, he pulled out of me, moved in front of her, and slid his cock into her pussy. I stood up and moved over to them. I started to kiss Michelle and soon we were both running are tongues over each other's. I reached up and pulled Michelle's bra over her tits. I started to play with one of her tits and Mr. Arnold was playing with the other. When he was ready to cum Michelle pushed him off her. Her and I both knelt down in front of him and started to kiss each other again and then pulled his cock up to us so he was fucking both of our mouths at the same time. His first sprit of cum landed on both of our tongues. Michelle then pulled his cock into her mouth and let him finish coming. When he pulled out I lick his dick clean and then leaned over and lick the cum off Michelle's face.
We all stood up and straighten ourselves up. He said that was better than any of the fantasies he ever had. Once we were cleaned up, we headed back to the party. Mr. Arnold repeatedly thanked us for the great time. I told him thanks for all of the A's I got in your class. We leave him at the door to the gym and head back to our table.
When I got back to the table, I find my husband setting with our friends. It was now close to the time to leave. We all said good-bye and head out. My husband had to drive because I had too many drinks to drive safely. For most of the trip home, I was giving my husband a blowjob or telling him about the things I did that night while I slowly jacked him off. When we got home and out of the car, my husband did not even wait to get inside. He simple bent me over the hood of the Camaro and slid his cock into my wet pussy. He quickly came for the first time that night. Over the next hour or so, he had come several more time in all of my holes before we fall asleep.