It was going to be another morning sneaking back into our rooms to shower. I opened the door to the room as quietly as I could. My wife still snoring albeit not as loudly. I slowly opened the door to the bathroom and started the shower. I stood there, letting the multiple jets pour the warm water over and at me from all positions. I thought of the women I had had these experiences with these past few nights probably doing the same. And how reckless her request was and the recklessness of my acquiescing to it. But I was still going to do it. My lust and desire overtaking my guilt. When was I going to have this kind of opportunity again? It had been so long since real sexual passion had been part of my life and the excitement of doing something that was inherently dirty, maybe a little deviant overcame my better judgment. But I had to come up with something, some excuse to stay the extra day.
I dried myself and slipped into bed. The snoring had mercifully calmed. As I was dozing, I came up with a plan I'd thought would work.
I thought we'd sleep in a little later, but by 8:00 we were up. Check out was at 11:00, so I had to make this work soon. I left to get coffee for us, using the time to consolidate my thoughts. As I walked down the stairs of the hotel towards the the door, the woman at the desk was checking some people out. But she caught my eye, smiled broadly and winked. I gave a a knowing smile back and felt my face flush a bit. I would talk to her in when I got back.
After picking up the coffee and walking back from the cafe, the living room lobby was empty and I headed over to the reception desk.
"Well hello, and how are you this morning?" She said smiling an giggling a bit.
She was cute, probably in her mid to late 20's, brunette hair in a bun, a white collared blouse, black bra showing through underneath and a short black pleated skirt.
"Hi, Katie, right? Um, we'll fine, as, um, you can probably imagine." I could feel the heat in my face again.
"Oh, I don't have to imagine." She teased. "And yes, Katie."
I couldn't wipe the grin off my face. "Well, I might need a room for another night and, well..."
"Actually..." She began. "I've already talk to your, er, friend this morning, and if you do need to stay another night, everything is already taken care of. So, no worries."
I jut stared at her, trying to process what she meant.
"So you can just leave your bag, here with me, all's good." She tried to further explain.
"Oh, oh good, um, thank you. I'll do that." I stammered. "Sounds good, great."
"My pleasure. Really, definitely my pleasure." She was enjoying this now. "Oh, and thanks." She finished with another wink.
I half stumbled up the stairs.
"Hey babe, I'm back. And so I got a call while I was out. That client I worked with a bit ago saw I was up here in my Instagram and the want me to shoot some more pictures for them." I tried to say convincingly.
"Really! Oh wow. That's crazy right." She said excitedly.
"Um yeah, it's wouldn't be until later today and tomorrow morning though. Is that ok? I know you have that meeting later and have to get back."
"Oh, well, um yeah, I could just jump on the train back to the city. Would you have to pay for another night here?" She asked.
"Ah no, they, um, said they would pick up the room for the night if I could do it, but I, you know wanted to check with you first." I could feel the guilt rush through me.
"Oh yeah, of course, I'm glad you brought your gear then. Do we still have to check out then?" She asked.
So I hadn't thought of everything.
"Oh, um yeah, so I checked downstairs, they uh, have this room already booked, so I'd have to move to another, ah, room and it won't be ready until 3:00." I said trying to think on my feet.
"Well that's silly, do you want me to talk to them, I'm sure I could talk them into..."
"Honey, please, they are doing me a favor as it is, it's a better room and I'm getting it for the same price as this one, but housekeeping has to get it ready." I swear I was starting to sweat. My wife could be obstinate when she wanted to get her way. "It's fine, why don't we check the train schedule, I can if you want so you can get ready to check out.
I opened the app for the train and there was one at 10:00. "How about 10:00?"
"Yeah that will work, there is an event I wanted to attend tonight anyway. Perfect." And she went about tending to her packing as I bought the ticket and emailed it to her.
I packed my things. The train station was at the edge of town, a ten minute drive, and it was getting close to having to leave. Somehow she was done before me, which never happens, and she wanted to wait downstairs. I quickly finished and headed downstairs. As I descended and the view opened up of the lobby there was my wife talking to the financial bro husband of my new friend.
I stopped in my tracks and retreated up a few steps out of view to compose myself. I heard the stairs creak above me and turned to look up. It was her, all blonde, hair now down, tattooed arms showing.
"Hey," she almost whispered. "We're you able..." And her excited voice stopped after she saw the look on my face. "What, what's..."
"Well, yes...taking her to the train now, and, um, my ah, wife is talking to your husband downstairs."
Her eyes widened. We both stood there staring at each other frozen.
"Welp, they don't know anything, so let's just play it off, because it seems we don't have a choice." She whispered. "After you?" And she held her had out as to show me the way.
"Ok, let me go down first." I said, probably overthinking it.
"Yeah, ok. You probably are..." She said sounding like she was trying to convince herself.
I returned back to the hotel after dropping off my wife. I was still torn, wondering what the hell I was doing and questioning whether I could go through with all of this. Deception was never my forte, but as I opened the door and entered the lobby, the lust, the wanton desire, the possibilities of the situation, overtook me.
I walked over to reception.
"Hey there, I'm soooo glad you're staying with us another night." She said smiling broadly.
I'd swear she had unbuttoned an extra button on her white blouse. Her cleavage and black lace bra now prominently displayed.
"It's been very exciting having you here." She said teasingly. "So, your bag is already up in the room and here is the key, 401, top floor. I was told to tell you just to let yourself in. And I always do what I'm told." She was almost giggling now. "I'm just sorry the, um, exhibition is over, it was certainly fun!"
I began to flush, but held it together. "Well, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself." I smiled.
"Myself did enjoy! And maybe we'll see each other later." She said as I took the key card and glanced back at her, a wide grin on her face.
I could have taken the elevator off the lobby, but I needed the time to collect myself. I began walking up the stairs and glanced back at Katie busy with her phone. All kinds of thoughts were racing through my mind and before I knew it, I was on the fourth floor, looking at the door, room 401. I almost knocked, then I remembered I was supposed to go right in. I waved the card over the reader on the door and heard the lock disengage. I pushed it open and entered the room. It was large, sofa off on one side, a writing table, I scanned across to the wood four poster king size bed, all the blinds were up, so the room was filled with light. I didn't see her as I entered the room. I scanned the room as I entered it fully, there were a set of two comfortable chairs near the gas fireplace, and it was on one of those chairs she sat. Before I could register what she was wearing, she stood, holding two glasses of red wine. She stood and held her position for a few moments so I could drink her in.
"Welcome!" She said softly.
Her hair was down, falling just to her shoulders. Her dark tattoos offset by a white lace bra, panties, garter and finishing with shear white stockings and heels. She was stunning.
"You, you, are beautiful...gorgeous..." I stammered. It had been a long while since I've been with a woman had dressed like this.
"Well, someone should enjoy it anyway." She moved toward me and handed me the wine. "To an adventure!"
We drank a sip in silence just looking at each other. She took back the glass took a step back and turned revealing the thong that rode up the back of her pert ass. She put the glasses on the table and turned towards the bed.
"Do you know what this kind of underwear is good for? She asked.
"You mean besides showing off that amazing ass?" I asked.
"Mmmm yeah, besides that." She turned her head back to me and smiled and turned away, reaching the foot of the bed. She places both hands on the wood that made up the end of the bed and bent over slightly. Without looking back she said. "Spanking. Now get over here and punish me a little."
I was shaking. This was the the most erotic scenario I had ever been in, but I managed to walk over, gaining confidence as I did until I reached the bed she was bending over onto.
"You have been pretty fucking bad." And a swatted the cheek closest to me.
"Ugh, yes. I have. Because I let you see me naked." Her voice dripping with sensuality
Swat. I slapped her other cheek. "And you let me see you play with that sweet pussy." Slap.
"Hmmfh...uh fuck yes. Then I let you come all over me." Swat, swat. "Ummf...And told you my most secret fantasies."
Slap. My desire rose. A sort of tunnel vision of lust came over me, as the rush of the memories of all we had done flew through my mind.
"Uuugh I'm a little slut right? Squirting all over you." Slap. "all I n fucking public." Slap.
"Then you sucked my cock, didn't you?" Slap, slap. "And drank all my come didn't you,"
Slap.
"Uuugh yeah, that's it spank me, fuck. Yes I drank your come..." Slap. "I was so needy then, when you...you..."
Slap. Her ass was reddening and she was writhing, still holding on the the wood railing at the end of the bed.
"Then you fed me your pussy, that sweet little pussy." Slap. "You sat in my face didn't you?" Slap.
"Uuuugh yes...this little vixen came all over your face didn't she. Aaaah was so good. Call, me, call me your little vixen, your wanton vixen, pleeeease! Uuugh...yes and that sweet little cunt downstairs watched us."
"You." Slap. "Are." Slap. "My." Slap." Little fucking vixen." Slap.
Her ass was beet red, and. I could feel she had had enough. She bent over more, pulled her panties aside and slide two fingers into her wet cunt. She was so wet they slipped I with no resistance. I finger fucked her from behind, watching her red ass jiggled until she exploded on my fingers, her juice coating my hand.
"Uuuuugh yeeeeees. Fuck, fuck!" She turned and fell to her knees. "Ah l...fuck my mouth." She unbuckled my belt, unfastened the button and unzipped my pants until my cock sprang out.
"Good boy, no underwear!" And she engulfed my cock.
It wasn't going to take long I was so worked up. She moved her head back and forth and stopped for a moment and began to jerk me off. "Ugh fuck my face like before!"
And I grabbed her hair and pushed her back on my dick. And she sucked hard as I fucked her face with ten good strokes until I lost it and began to come in her mouth "Yeeeeeeeees!"
She pulled off, panting, streaking her face with my come as she swirled her tongue around her mouth.
She dropped to all fours panting, trying to compose herself for a moment. She then crawled over to the table by the fire and fumbled with her phone that was perched leaning against the wine bottle, pointing at the bed.
She held it up. "For our little voyeur friend downstairs." And tapped at her phone as she was sitting on the floor.
"Hmmmm...I can't wait to fuck you." She said as she rose and walked over to me. "But first let's clean up shall we, and ah, take a shower. Hmmmm that shower..." She purred, my come still on her face. She turned and headed for the bathroom.
"Are you sure you're ready for it?" I asked following. "I know how worked up you get in there."
"I, I think I'll be able to deal with it."
She was still in her lace thong, bra and white thigh highs leaning into the stall to start the shower when I walked in.
"Come on, get naked!" She demanded as she stood and watched as the room began to steam.
After pealed off my shirt and pants I looked up to see her entering the shower still clad in the erotic outfit. As I entered the stall behind her the water was streaking the lace and sheer material covering her legs. She was a sight to see, standing there in the back of the shower stall. Hair half wet from getting in under the main shower head and all the little jets, six of them in pairs at various heights. Water dripping down her body. The thicker splotches of come still sticking to her.
"Um, why did..." I began.
"I thought it would be hotter this way." She smiled. "Now, take them off me please."
She was standing at the back of the shower. When I reached her, I leaned into her and unclasped her bra and let it drop to the bottom of the stall. I knelt in front of her and and slowly peeled the white lace panties off her hips. As her pussy unveiled itself from the lace, I gently blew on it, making her shiver. I pulled them down over her still white sheathed legs as she lifted one foot, then the next so I could put them aside.
"Shall I take these off also?" I asked.
There was a hesitation in her answer.
"Ummm, let's keep them on for now. I look too good in them." She smiled mischievously.
I rose, stepped back and looked at her near naked body. I had to snap myself out of it. "You look amazing..." was all I could come up with. "Let's get you clean." I said as I exchanged places with her.
Her back was to the water and facing me. I squirted some soap from the dispenser and soaped up her body. Carefully washing her face and working my way down. Feeling her breasts for the first time as she let out a soft moan. Down her stomach to her pussy, lightly soaping her there. I put some shampoo in my hands and had her lean back in the shower. I turned her around soaped her back, down to her ass and worked some soap into the crack and over her puckered hole.
"I want to make sure your little rosebud is nice and clean." I whispered in her ear as I circled it.
"Ummf...yes, uh, thank you." She muttered.
"Turn around." I asked her, conceivably to wash the soap from her, but I had something else in mind that I discovered by accident one morning.
Each little water jet coming out of the wall of the shower was adjustable. I moved to one side of her and adjusted where she was standing. Then slowly moved one jet.
"Bend over just a bit...yeah right there, hold that." I said as inching one of the middle jets up her middle thigh.
"What are you...OOOH, GEEZ!" Her voice jump two octaves higher.
If you moved the jets, or your body to just the right place, the stream of warm water would shoot right into your ass. It wasn't an unpleasant sensation.
"Oh my god, ugh, this is, fuck..." she said as I held her in place. "Aaaaah..."
I reached up and and pulled the hand held shower head off the wall and turned it on. I moved around in front of her and slowly moved the spraying water down the front of her body.
"Ugh, hmmm, what are you doing with that now?" Her eyes were wide as she held her body just right. "Oooooooh fuuuck, yes, shit..."
With the spraying water massaging her pussy "Oh fuck, right there on my clit, fuck yes." She moaned.
She trembled with a little orgasm, then increasingly built up to roar. She looked at me as her whole body shook and the relaxed one arm around my neck to hold herself up, her body still convulsing. Her body slowly slowed and she stood there, water cascading down her, head buried in my shoulder, until she raised her face to mine and kissed me hard, her tongue lashing at mine.
"What, what the hell was that?" She smiled wide. "How did I not figure that one out?" And she began to laugh. "I've orgasmed before, but holy hell."
Her face lost the smile. And worry flashed though my mind I'd gone too far. She looked straight into my eyes for what seems like minutes. I saw too late her hand in the air before she slapped me across the face.
I was stunned and my face stinging.
"You fucker! How am I going to top that? Damn it! I'll have to come up with something fucker!"
And with that she pulled me around so my back was now to the water. She bent and stripped off one of the stockings, turned to the wall and and loaded a section of it with the body gel from the dispenser on the wall, turned and wrapped the white stocking around my dick.
"Here you fucker, I'm going to make you come now!" And she began to stroke me. Hard. "Do you like this? I want your come all over these nylons! Tell me, so you like this?!"
"Hmmmm yeah. Fuck yeah, ugh..."
She leaned over and scream, whispered. "Oooh fuck baby, I'm going to fuck you soooo good later. Not fucking now, I want you to come this way first! Hmmmm, I'm going to let you put your dick into my soaking pussy, fuck it's so wet now, here...see"
She sipped two fingers into her pussy and stuck them in my mouth, all the while continuously jerking me.
"Aaaaah fuck I know..." And she turned her body to squirt soap into her other hand l, laid her head back on my shoulder, reached around and plunged her slick finger into my ass.
"This is it! This will make you come!
It took only thirty or so seconds before I erupted into her hand and over the stockings. "Aaaaaaah fuuuuuuck yes!"
"Hmmmm yes, that's it!" And she raised her hand to suck the come off it. "Ugh, tastes so gooood!" She had already removed her finger from my ass and then slowly unwrapped the stocking from around my dick. "I told you I like a good hand job."
I looked at her, naked in front of me. Both our legs wobbling from the intense satisfaction we gave each other. She leaned in and gently kissed me. "I'll be in the bed, clean up and come and join me." She said, running her hand down my body one more time before exiting, one leg still sheathed in the white nylon.
I did as she asked, soaped up my body, my hair and wondered again what we were doing. It was only around noon, and I already had climaxed more than I'd had in months at home.
When I walked out of the bathroom, she was lying in bed, half covered on the far side, leaning on her side holding her head up on her hand, the covers folded down so her naked top torso was exposed.
Her hand patted the other side of the bed. "Come here and lie down with me. Let's just talk for a bit. I like it when we talk."
I don't know why, well, I probably do, but I was now a bundle of nerves. I slid into the bed and the pulled the covers over half of me and we just looked at each other, not knowing where to begin. We were at an interesting point of this experience. This was somehow more intimate. A sofa and a shower were one thing, but sharing a bed was an other.
"Um, so, this." She said. "This is kind of different right?"
"Yeah. It is. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to feel."
"Yeah, me either." And she held the silence a beat. "Well, besides exceptionally horny."
We both laughed hard, tears in our eyes. It was the break in the tension we needed.
"Listen," she said. "Let's just take this for the experience it is, for the memories of us getting a little wild in bed, literally now a bed, for the sexual memories we may never have again. I think we are able to be fluid with our desires, for each other. I feel really open with you, in these deviant little expressions we have. I don't know, I feel I can ask you to do anything without judgment that I feel with..." And her voice trailed off.
"Yes. I mean, do you realize, with all these orgasms we've had together, the times I've seen you naked and I assume, at some point during this dalliance, we're going to fuck, that we've never exchanged names?" I asked. "And I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but I'm not sure what to make of it."
"Oh my god, you're right! Hmmm, it kind of makes it, well, kind of hot right? Intimate anonymity. I'm, I'm not sure I want to know? Maybe we should make up names! Like, what's the name, a name you'd like someone to have if you were going to fuck them? Like a fantasy name!" Her voice grew excited.
"Hm, Sofia. I've always wanted to fuck a Sofia."
"Let's see, hm, I always wanted a Leo's dick in my pussy!"
"It's settled then!" I said. "So, if you're Sofia now, does that mean at some I'll get to fuck you?"
"If you play your cards right." She smiled widely. "But right now I'm hungry, should I call Katie downstairs and ask if any place delivers?"
"Sounds good, because I don't really want to leave." I smiled back.
"Good, so um, so speaking of Katie. We had a little conversation this morning that got, well, interesting..." she trailed off and kind of stared at me, seemingly gathering her thoughts.
"Interesting how?" I asked to break the silence.
"Weeeeell, we were talking, and, you know how much she, um, liked our show. Apparently she likes the voyeur thing. And we were um, talking about how much fun, she, and, um, we had, showing, I mean letting her...watch." She looked down at the bed. "So, and she asked, did maybe the next time, you know, maybe tonight, she'd um, be in the room." She almost whispered the last part.
"Like here, with us? She'd just watch us, here in the room." I paused, my mind racing. This woman seems to make that happen a lot. "Would she..."
"Oh, I don't know." She answered before I could finish. "I guess, I guess we could see...she's a bit of a submissive apparently. Well, is seems more than a bit." I could see her start to writhe a bit under the sheet."
"What do you think?" I asked.
"Ugh, it makes my cunt tingle actually. I've always thought I was a bit of an exhibitionist, but it, really l, um, seems to get me going." She was now more visibly rubbing her thighs together. "Do you think you'd be into that? What do you think about it?"
"I think you should call downstairs and have her get us some food." I stopped speaking for a beat for effect. "And tell her to up up here by 8:00."
"Oh fuck yes."
She rolled over and picked up her phone. The sheet had slid down to the tops of he knees. Her pussy glistening as she dialed.
"Hello, Katie? This is room...oh ok, you know who it is." She giggled. "We need some food up here, is there a place that delivers?" She paused to listen. "Hmmm, yes sure, just order what you think we'd like. Ok, hm, ok great, yes just bring it up. Yes, we'll be ready for you when you get here. Oh, and Katie, that conversation we had earlier, yes, yes, we would love for that to happen if it could be arranged. Hmmmm yes, we are looking forward to it." She hung up the phone and smiled. "She seemed a little flustered." She giggled. "Hmmmm, let's, let's fuck for the first time before the food gets here."
And she pulled the sheet covering us off.
"I think I could do that, yes, it seems like a splendid idea." I agreed on an over emphasizing way.
"Oh look, you're already hard for me." She said playfully as she pulled the sheet down. "Is there something that's arousing you perhaps?"
"Oh, I don't know, a beautiful, tattooed, naked woman lying next to me asking if I want to fuck." And we both moved toward each other, embracing as I continued, whispering now in her ear. "A woman who has had my cock in her mouth, who has orgasmed on my mouth and my fingers, who I've come all over, who has squirted on me, and now wants me to put my cock inside her. Fuck her for the first time..."
"Hmmmm yes, fuck me, get on top and slip your dick inside me, let do it regular, missionary the first time...lets, lets consummate this adultery, uh fuck, that makes it much hotter." And she turned us to slip under me so I was laying on top of her, between her legs. "We're so fucking naughty, so wrong, so nasty. Put yourself in me now!"
I lifted up my torso and she reached down to put my cock inside her wet pussy. We both moaned as it slipped slowly in. I began to move slowly in and out and we kissed passionately. She broke the kiss and held my face right above her's so as to look straight into my eyes for what seemed like forever.
"Uuugh, you're, you're fucking me, ugh yes, this is so nice, yes just like that. Slow...but, hmpf, yes, but." She paused seemingly to gather he thoughts. "But, ah, yes, but...fuck me now. Fuck meeeeeee hard. I want to come hard, take me over that edge, just FUCK me! Come. In. My. Pussy..."
I looked at her face, her determination to make this something more than just a orgasm, but something more, nastier, dirty.
I pulled up on my knees, pulled her legs apart and over my shoulders and began fucking her, hard, slamming against her pelvis with each thrust. Pinching her nipples and then rubbing her clit. She grabbed her legs to hold them apart.
"Fuuuuuck me yes, ugh, more, slap my tits pleeeease!"
I had never. Never had someone ask.
"Do it!" She cried.
I swatted each breast two of three times.
"Fuck yes! Aaaaah yes!" She screamed.
I reached down and grabbed a fist full of hair and pulled her head back as I balanced on one arm and fucked her furiously. She reached down and began to quickly stroke her clit back and forth.
"Yes, yes, yes yes..." her voice rising in pitch with each word. "Close, close close....AAAAAAAAH FUUUUCK!"
I was so close also. I let go of her hair, using the leverage of both arms to piston harder as my orgasm built. Her orgasm seemingly extending over to the next as the waves of pleasure crashed through her.
"Come in my pussy, fill me up you fucker!" She stammered.
And that send me over the edge as fell on her pumping my come into her. I lay there for a moment and rolled off her. We were both panting laying next each other.
"Now, that was a fucking." She deadpanned.
I smiled and looked over at her. She turned her head still breathing hard.
"I haven't come like that...in...um, never." She said with a broad smile.
"Um yeah, it's been a while for me too."
She reached over to stroke my still hard, but shrinking dick.
"Hmmmm I made you a mess didn't I? Hmm that gives me an idea." She said mischievously. "Don't clean up yet. Let's just lay here until Katie comes with the food."
It wasn't long. There was a tapping at the door.
"I'll get it." She offered and slid off her side of the bed. "I'm answering the door naked!" She whispered as she stood next to the bed grinning.
She stood there, showing me her body. I was then i noticed the trail of white come trickling down her leg.
"Um, you have a little leak there you may want to deal with first." I said
"Hmmm no way. What fun would that be!" And she sauntered over towards the door. "Get up and meet me by the table."
She disappeared around the corner where the door was and I got up as I heard her open the door.
"Hi I got your..." and Katie stoped speaking for a moment as I assumed she registered the naked woman in front of her. "Oh, um, hi, um I can just give..."
"Oh no Katie dear, bring it in, come on, follow me."
The door closed and and they both turned the corner, Katie blushing bright red and the woman is just had sex with grinning like a Cheshire Cat.
"Come Katie, put the bag in the table. Good girl, now come and stand in front of me." She commanded.
Katie, still wearing the white blouse from this morning.
"I just fucked this man." She said matter of factly. "I need to be cleaned up. Now get on your knees."
Katie looked at her astonished, not knowing, or not registering what she was being asked to do.
"Come on. Get on your knees and clean up the come this man pumped inside me. Start with that trickle on my thigh baby."
Katie slowly sunk to her knees. She then tentatively leaned in, stuck her tongue out and licked the little stream of come up to her shaved pussy lips.
"Hmmm, good start. Now clean up that mess on my pussy, come on, get your tongue in there."
Katie hesitantly moved her face forward, stretching her tongue out as she got closer. The woman I now called Sofia grabbed the back of Katie's head and gently guided her to her messy cunt. I stood there watching, not quite knowing what to do, other than watch this amazing drama play out in front of me.
"Oooh that's it baby, get that tongue deep in my cunt, hmmmm yeeeees deeper baby, get all that come." She purred lustfully. "Hmmm that's it, oh, oh fuck, clean that clit now, good, right,uh, right there, yes, yeeeeees." And she came all over Katie's face.
"Come up here now baby."
Katie slowly rose l, the lower part of her face glistening. Sofia guided her face her's and licked her juice and come off before burying her tongue in Katie's mouth and kissed her hard.
"Hmmm that was such a good job." And Katie smiled at her words. She stepped back to look Katie over. "Now be a good girl and unbutton your shirt and take it off, go ahead."
"I, um, I can't be gone too..." Katie stammered.
"This won't take long. Now do as I say."
Katie began to unbutton the white shirt, the pull it off, letting it drop to the floor. She was now standing there in the black lace bra.
"Hmmm, now off with the bra, I want to see those tits."
Katie reached back and unsnapped the bra, letting fall off her shoulders. She now stood before us topless.
"Katie, those tits are wonderful. I just wanted to see them so bad. Now just be a sweetheart and clean his dick off would you."
Katie sank to knees again, this time in front of me, and took my half hard cock into her mouth. She quickly licked my shaft clean, then sat up to look at Sofia.
"Is, is that good?" She asked, looking for approval.
"Hmmmm yes very good. Now put yourself back together and get back downstairs before they miss you. You should probably go wash your face."
"Hm, yes, I suppose I...thank you, for umm..." Katie almost whimpered.
"Yes, of course love. Now go!" And she tapped her ass. "Before you get in trouble."
Katie scampered off to the bathroom and we heard the water turn on in the sink.
Sofia leaned into me to half whisper in my ear. "She told me she likes being a sub, to be told what to do." Her eyes were wide with excitement. "Fucking hot right?"
"Hmmm yes. You certainly seemed to enjoy it." I smiled. "I'm sure your deviant little mind has been thinking about all kinds nasty little thoughts."
Katie slunk back in the room, still topless, and moved in front of us. She leaned in, pressing her breasts into Sofia's and gave her a quick peck on the lips, then moved over to me to do the same. Her warm breasts pressing against my chest. It was a simple but erotic gesture.
"Hmmm thank you for that, both of you. It was so nice tasting your cock and your pussy." Katie smiled looking at each of us. "What time shall I come and watch the next show tonight?"
"Eight baby, just let yourself in." Sofia said, then added. "When you walk into the room, make sure it's in just your bra and panties. Do you understand?"
"Ummm yes, of course, anything..." Katie said blushing.
She hurriedly put her bra and shirt back on and left.
"I swear I almost came when she kissed me. Why was that so delicious?"
"I know right. When her breasts touched my chest, my dick sprang up, just lightly touched her thigh, I almost lost it." I said.
We both for a moment just looked at each other, contemplating what this could be.
"Tonight could be good." She grinned. "Let's eat."
We sat together at the small table, both still naked, eating our simple, but delicious sandwiches Katie had gotten us. We made small talk. There was a feeling there lurking under it all. We sat in silence and the absurdity of it all began to wash over me. What the hell we we, I, doing sitting in this hotel room, naked with a woman I'd just met, after having probably some of the best, raunchiest dirty sex I have had in years. It felt like a dream and a nightmare at once. We weren't being good people. We were being narcissistic and selfish. It had become all about the moment and the next moment.
"So..." She began hesitating. "Do you think about... um, about how much over the line are we are being?"
"We'll, I think we've erased what ever line there might have been." We paused together not quite knowing what to say next. "But..."
"I can't stop." She finished. "Not yet, there's an end here, but it's not yet. I haven't felt this free in a long time, so open, taking what I want, need..." She put down the sandwich. Turned her chair toward me. "Turn your chair so it's facing me."
I did and she put her feet on either side of me, spreading her legs and slowly began to caress her body. She took a nipple between each forefinger and thumb.
"Hmmm this is what I like, oooh, yes, fuck, pinching hard. Ugh, yes..." She said, moving her hand down her body until it reached her pussy, dipping her middle finger between her folds then circling her clit with her moistened finger. Then looking directly at me. "Ummfh...yes, I can't wait for her to see your dick fuck me hard. Hmmmm maybe then you'd fuck those pretty tits of her's...come all over them. Hmm but I do want to see you push your dick into that dirty sluts pussy..." As she said it she slipped two fingers into her dripping cunt. "Uuuugh fuck, yes, I'll push her fucking face into my, uuuugh, my fucking cunt."
I slipped down off the chair and kneeled in front of her, pulling her fingers away and buried my tongue into her cunt, then circled her clit.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck yeeess, uuuuugh." As another orgasm crashed over her.