FOR THE FIRST COUPLE OF DAYS after she got back from her ten-day vacation, Alexandra had a lot of conversations with other women in the office about shopping, food, the clothes she bought, and the entertainment she and Jack had seen. It was not until Wednesday evening that she had private time with Fred.
She came into his office after everybody had left and casually unzipped her dress. "I'm sure you want to check out my tan," she said as it fell to the floor. She unhooked her bra, slipped off her panties, and stepped out of her sandals all in one motion. She took a step to the side of her pile of clothes and slowly twirled. Her whole body was nothing but tan.
"Christ, you look hot," Fred said, his eyes wide. She did a little curtsy and sat in his guest chair. "Are you sure there's nobody out there?" He got up to close the door.
"Yeah, I was talking to Lynn on her way out, and everybody else has already gone. I have you all to myself." She let her legs fall open.
"And what do you plan to do with me, now that you have me?"
"Torment you. Remind you of how great I look, and then leave you hanging . . . or not, as the case may be."
"You're sounding awfully sure of yourself."
"I am sure of myself," she said. "I've spent more than a week, mostly naked among strangers, and I feel great. I have every intention of enjoying myself in ways I had never considered before. And some of them will include you."
"I'm glad to hear that," he said, sitting in the other guest chair. His cock had already reacted to her nakedness, and now was getting stiffer inside his pants as he watched her stroking her finger against her pussy lips.
"What?" He jumped in the chair, startled.
She laughed. "I said, tell me about your week with Mary Jo."
"Sorry, I was entranced . . . " He shifted in his chair and began to tell her about their first lunch without a bra, the visit to the bookstore, and the gradual full strip on Friday. As he talked, Alexandra stroked herself deeper and deeper, till she had two fingers inside herself as he told her about Mary Jo's final trip up and down stairs at the end of the day.
When he had finished, he wondered if she had heard anything he had said. Then he realized it didn't matter and undid his pants, so he could liberate his cock and start stroking along with her. Soon they were in complete sync, in and out, up and down. Her gasps built in pace and volume, she pushed herself further back in the chair as her fingers rammed into her cunt and her thumb rubbed her clit.
As her body stiffened, and her gasps turned into an intense moan, he realized he was about to cum and grabbed a paper cup from his desk, so he would not spray all over the office. He just got the cup in position as the first string of cum shot out of his cock. At the same time, he heard, then saw her bucking against the chair, her body quivering as her fingers squeezed inside her cunt and against her clit.
After their orgasms died down, they sat in silence for a few minutes recovering. When he finally caught his breath, he said, "Welcome back. I missed you."
She lifted her fingers to her face and breathed deeply, then licked the juices off them. "I missed you too," she said. "Sometimes, lying on one of those Mediterranean beaches, I'd wonder how it would be if you were there too."
"With Jack?" He sounded a little surprised.
She smiled at him as she stood up and picked up her dress. "With Jack."
He wondered about that as she pulled on her aqua summer dress, then called out just as she was about to lift it onto her shoulders. "You got your nipples pierced!"
She laughed. "I was wondering if you were going to notice." She lifted them gently. "I decided that if I was going to be displaying these so much, they should have some bling on them. You like them?" He started to reach toward her. "Nope, sorry. I have to wait a month before I can touch them, and about three before I can really play with them or anybody can kiss them. Probably about six months before they're fully healed." She lifted the dress gently onto her shoulders and zipped it up.
"Very nice. They're not nipple rings, though."
"Nope, they're barbells."
"Not wearing your underwear?" He pointed to her bra and thong on the floor.
"I'm just going home, no need for full coverage. And you need to pull yourself together," she added, as she bent down to pick them up.
He stood and pulled his cock back into his pants. "Do we still get to play?"
"Oh yeah. I'm not giving that up. Just need some time to catch up." She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and headed out. He watched her as she glided down the hall and, just as she turned the corner toward her office, she flipped up the dress to give him a look at her ass, accompanied by a dazzling, toothy smile. She was back, he thought, and maybe wilder than ever.
THE NEXT DAY, Alexandra and Mary Jo met for lunch. "I like these booths," Alexandra said as she slid in. "Nobody can see what's going on underneath." And she pulled her skirt all the way up to her waist, exposing her thong panties to Mary Jo, who looked at her in both surprise and bemusement.
"Join me," Alexandra said. Mary Jo sighed, then pulled her own skirt, lifting her butt off the bench to get it up around her waist. She sat down quickly and spread her napkin in her lap just as the waiter came up to pour water for them.
"I guess we need a couple minutes," Alexandra said, then turned to Mary Jo as he walked away. "Let me see."
Mary Jo looked around, then lifted her napkin away from her lap. "Cute," Alexandra said when she got a look at the yellow bikini panties. "They look new."
"The weekend after Fred, um, got me naked, I threw away all my old white underwear and bought all new, colored and shorter." She put her napkin back in her lap. "I haven't got down to a thong yet, but I probably will some day."
"I can help with that," Alexandra said and slipped her hand under Mary Jo's napkin and onto her thigh. Mary Jo flinched.
After they had placed their order, Alexandra talked a bit about her vacation, including some of the more private parts. Then she asked Mary Jo about her week with Fred.
After looking around the restaurant, Mary Jo leaned toward Alexandra and said quietly, "I'm still getting used to all this, and yet it's having a huge impact on my life. I mean, two weeks ago, not even, if you had told me I'd be sitting in a restaurant with my skirt up and my panties on view, and another woman's bare leg resting against mine, I'd have run screaming from the room."
She looked at Alexandra and pressed her leg against hers.
"That first day, after I put my panties in his drawer, I was sure that people could see right through my skirt, yet I was soaked down there, more than I ever can remember."
She sat back when the waiter brought their lunches. After he had put the plates down and turned to go, she felt Alexandra lean to the side and lift her butt off the bench. She realized with a giggle that Alexandra was starting to pull her panties off. She grabbed a bite of salad to keep from laughing. After some more shifting and bending, Alexandra pulled her panties off her legs and into her lap, where she folded them into a tidy square and put them into her purse. She looked at Mary Jo with a twinkle in her eyes and took a bite of her own salad.
As Mary Jo talked about her week of gradual undressing, she became very aware of how nice it felt to have Alexandra's bare leg against hers. Their sandwiches came, and they both sat still while they were served. Alexandra put her hand down on Mary Jo's leg for a moment after the waiter had left.
"You think it might be time to take these off?" Alexandra had slid her hand up to just touch the edge of the panties, and Mary Jo let out somewhat of a whimper. This was not a surprise, she realized, but she had not planned for it, so she felt a little light-headed at Alexandra's touch.
She leaned back and looked around their corner of the restaurant. Everybody at the other tables was concentrating on their food. She lifted up her left hip and tugged at the waist of her panties. It took some maneuvering to get the rear part off of her waist and partway around her butt. Then she had to do the same on the other side, and that was only enough to get things started. She repeated the motion on both sides and added some extra tugging to get them to the middle of her thighs.
"Careful," Alexandra whispered, and Mary Jo looked up to see the waiter moving in their direction. She pulled her hands out from under the table and reached for her sandwich.
"Everything okay?" He asked brightly.
"Fine, thanks," Alexandra replied, and he turned off toward another table.
Mary Jo took another couple of bites of her sandwich, then used one hand to slide the panties over her knees and down her calves till they fell to her feet. She let them sit there for a few minutes while she continued with her lunch. She worked her left foot out of the leg hole, then lifted the panties with her right foot till she was able to grab them and put them on the bench between herself and Alexandra.
"Well done," Alexandra said.
"That was exhausting. And nerve-wracking."
"Fold them up like I did and put them in your purse."
With the panties tucked into her purse, Mary Jo turned her attention back to lunch. After a few bites, Alexandra urged her to continue with the story.
She described her Wednesday lunch and bookstore trip and got the giggles when she talked about meeting the doctors. "I think Dr. Alberts, a woman, was paying the most attention to me."
Friday, she went on, was the hardest. "He wanted me to wear a short wrap-around skirt, so I stopped and bought one on the way home Thursday. I was getting a lot of strange reactions, since that was such a different look for me. And at the end of the day, he had me undo or take off pieces of clothing, head up and down the stairs with less and less on. I was in his office with just my blouse and panties, and I had to choose one to keep on. I figured I could at least try to cover myself a bit with the blouse, so I chose that."
She leaned closer to Alexandra and, without thinking, put her hand on her bare leg. "When I got back to my department, I walked around to each desk, pretending to show myself to everybody. I still giggle when I see people sitting at their desks now, knowing that I had been there naked."
She took a last bite of her sandwich and leaned closer to Alexandra, who had her hand down by her own pussy. "Finally, he took everything, and I was left naked in the hall to wait. When I got to the lobby, I was so turned on and excited, that I didn't hide. I stood behind the guard's desk pretending to welcome people, then started masturbating. I didn't leave till I had this incredible orgasm. Fred said he could see me from the street and went around the block an extra time."
She leaned back on the bench and looked at Alexandra, who was looking quite flushed. "When I got home, I had this profound sense of my life being about to change, and I'm still not sure how."
Alexandra waved to the waiter and ordered a couple of coffees. "That is so hot," she told Mary Jo. "There's a wet spot on the bench under me." She stroked Mary Jo's leg and brushed a finger against her lower abdomen. "I'm really glad you found me that evening in the hall and that you decided to join us. I think we'll have a lot of fun."
They finished the rest of the meal with general conversation, paid, and left. At the last intersection before their office, Alexandra brought her folded panties out of her purse and handed them to Mary Jo. "Give me yours. We'll take them home and wash them, then bring them back to each other on Monday. Don't wear anything under your skirt then, so we can put them on in your office."
Mary Jo made the swap, and they headed back to work.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON DOLDRUMS set in about 2:30, and Alexandra was bored. The creative projects were all out for review, and she was not ready to start a new one, so the only thing left to do was administrative stuff. For that, she wanted a little distraction.
She checked that the hall was empty, then pulled one of her secret vacation purchases out of her purse. She put the chrome butt plug into her mouth to get it wet, put a foot on her chair, reached under her skirt to pull her panties aside, then went to push it into her ass. It took her a few tries to find just the right spot — she still needed practice — and it took a few pushes to get the head past the tight ring, but then in it went, nice and smooth. She gasped quietly at the sensation of fullness that radiated from the foreign object inside her. She adjusted her panties and sat back down, delicately.
She was conscious of it at first, and this distracted from her work. Then she began to shift slightly back and forth and enjoy the sensations of the plug rubbing against her. This distracted her even more, but it was the kind she could work with. As she got more involved in the details of work, the sensations became more of a background feeling, sort of a cloud of pleasure within which she could concentrate on work.
When she had finished the bulk of what she needed to do, she sat back and pretended to study a report. There was nothing much new in it, and she decided she needed some additional entertainment to keep from falling asleep. She reached into her purse and pulled out her other secret purchase, a glass dildo, slightly curved with a knob at one end.
She rolled the knob around in her mouth as she put one leg up on her desk and pulled her panties aside. Then she rubbed the dildo between her pussy lips, the wetness from her mouth building up the slickness of her pussy until the knob slid into her through the tightness of her cunt. She gasped at its entrance, then slowly slid the smooth dildo in and out, just giving herself a gentle wave of pleasure.
She was leaning back in her chair, gently stroking herself, when she heard footsteps. She quickly sat up and pulled her panties over the dildo, just as the new orthopedic doctor knocked on the glass of her cubicle.
"Excuse me, Alexandra?" he said tentatively just as he rounded the corner into the entrance and she finished adjusting her skirt.
"Dr. Juarez," she said somewhat breathlessly, partly because of her relief at not being caught and partly in reaction to the feeling of the dildo, still shifting slightly inside her.
"Sorry to disturb you so late on a Friday, but you had said I could drop by to discuss the article you had mentioned."
"Please, come in," she said, slightly standing and pointing to her guest chair. He waved her back down to her seat as he sat down, for which she was grateful, since she was not sure how well the dildo would stay inside when she was standing.
He immediately launched into a discussion about what he wanted to have in the article. She had to spend some time curtailing his expectations, since this was not an academic journal, but a local magazine. She did, however, take a lot of notes from what he said, since she thought her memory might be a little clouded by the effect of what was inside her.
Like many doctors who know that the media staff have to listen to them, Dr. Juarez talked longer than he needed to. Alexandra did not want to interrupt him, but she could tell that her panties were getting damp and her legs a bit sticky.
Finally, he stood up and said, "I am keeping you from your weekend. You will let me know when they are ready for me."
"I will call them on Monday to talk it over with the reporter, and we will let you know."
"You must explain to them how important this is," Juarez said.
"We will," she said, knowing that the reporter would shrug at the doctor's sense of self-importance. As they shook hands , she felt the dildo shifting, and she squeezed her thighs out of concern it would slip out. As he turned to go, he almost bumped into Fred, who had just come down the corridor to the cubicle. "I'm sorry," he said, recognizing the doctor.
"No, I was just leaving," the doctor said and walked past him, showing no interest in who he might be. Fred turned back to Alexandra, who had her hand over her mouth and seemed to be in some sort of pain. "What's wrong?" She waved frantically at him with her free hand and stood by him, watching over his shoulder, until the doctor had gone. Then she let out a gasp of air, but kept silent, quivering all over in apparent laughter. Then, to his astonishment, she reached under her skirt and pulled out a glass dildo, covered in creamy liquid.
As he stood there in slack-jawed astonishment, she reached under the skirt and pulled off her panties. "These are soaking wet," she laughed. Then without losing a beat, she bent over, tossed her skirt over her ass, and pulled out the butt plug. She let out a big sigh and slumped in her chair. Fred just stared.
"That was awesome." She looked at Fred lasciviously and put her foot up on her desk, pulling her skirt up to show him her pussy. "Want to hear about my day?" He nodded, still speechless, and sat down.
"So, this one town we stopped in had a phenomenal sex toys store, and I got a few things. I've had these two in my purse all week, trying to find a good time to use them in the office, because I thought that would be way cool. Finally, this afternoon, I was bored, so I put the plug in. Took some time to get used to that, then I decided to try the dildo. I mean, it was late Friday afternoon, why would anybody show up? Then I heard footsteps and didn't have time to take out, so I pulled my panties back in place and pulled my skirt down just as Juarez barged in."
Fred's swallowed before he could say something. "So all through the meeting, you had the dildo inside?"
"Mmmm," Alexandra nodded, smiling at the thought.
"And it didn't slide out?"
"Sometimes it felt like it might, and I shifted in my chair. Of course, that would send twinges through me, and I had to keep them under control. Toward the end there, I wasn't sure whether I would be able to keep it in or keep myself under control. I'm so glad he decided to leave when he did."
She sat back in her chair, her legs spread wide, and a big smile of satisfaction on her face. Fred stared at her pussy for a few moments, then asked, "What's up with you tonight?"
"Jack and I are meeting some friends for dinner, but not till later. We can play for a bit, if you'd like."
His eyes traveled up from her pussy to her eyes, and a mysterious smile developed on his face. "Stand up and take off your skirt." She undid the belt, unzipped the skirt, and stepped out of it. "Set the belt aside, and fold the skirt. Put it with your panties."
While she was doing that, he started undoing his tie. "Now your blouse. Add it to the pile." While she did that, he pulled the tails of his shirt out of his pants and started to unbutton it. "And the bra," he said.
She put the bra on the pile of clothes and turned to see him take off his shirt and put it on her chair. She felt her throat getting tight as she wondered what his plans were. He smoothed out his undershirt, then said, "Go down to my office, and get the tote bag resting on my guest chair."
Nervously, even though she was sure everybody was gone for the weekend, she snuck down to his office, found the bag, and scampered back to her cubicle. When she arrived, Fred was putting his shirt back on. His undershirt, though, was resting on her desk.
"Put your clothes into the tote bag, then put on my t-shirt. Use the belt with it, so it looks like a dress. I'm going to get the rest of my stuff and shut down my office."
When he got back, carrying his briefcase, Alexandra was smoothing the lower part of the t-shirt over her stomach and butt. It just barely covered her, and the creases from having been tucked inside Fred's pants all day made it hard for it to lie flat. "Don't worry about that," Fred said. "We'll be on the street, walking quickly, so people won't have that much time to stop and stare."
"What are we doing?"
"I thought I would walk you to your car in the garage, then swap your clothes for my t-shirt. What do you think?"
Her eyes went wide, the first time in a while he had seen that reaction, he thought with satisfaction. "This is not going to keep me covered when we're walking," she said with alarm. "My ass is going to be hanging out for everybody to see."
Fred shrugged. "It's after work on Friday. Everybody's going to be home."
"It's not that late yet, nor very dark."
He picked up the tote bag and slung it over his shoulder. "You coming or not?" He turned toward the hall.
"All right, you bastard."
"I love you, too," he said and headed out.
As they stepped out of the elevator into the lobby, she tugged down on the t-shirt to make sure it covered her ass. Fed walked briskly toward the door, and Alexandra tried to keep pace with him, staying close so that she could use him as somewhat of a shield.
Alexandra was sure that the slight breeze combined with their swift pace to lift the front of the t-shirt as well as the rear. She realized quickly that any effort to pull it down slowed her pace, so she was in a quandary. Best to keep moving, she thought, hoping nobody would notice.
Fred suddenly slackened his pace and turned slightly while still moving to call out to somebody across the street. Alexandra bumped into him and came close to losing her balance. She caught herself in time. Fred turned around and caught her, asking, "Are you all right?" She pushed at him somewhat frantically, since she was afraid that the combination of actions might have lifted the shirt up to her waist and completely exposed her.
All of this happened in less than a couple seconds, and they were back on their way to the garage without any evidence that anybody had seen anything. When they turned the corner, Alexandra grabbed the rear of the shirt and held it down, since she now had her back to the main hospital, where people were likely to be coming out.
As they walked the two blocks to the parking garage, though, she began feeling more comfortable and enjoying the breeze on her bare skin. There were fewer people on the sidewalk and, when she glanced back, nobody behind them. By the time they crossed the street to the second block, Alexandra was no longer trying to hide behind Fred, and she was actually skipping along ahead of him, kicking the shirt up with every step.
As they rode the elevator to the floor where she had left her car, she looked out through the glass wall at the street below. When the doors opened, she started immediately walking toward her car.
"Don't you want your clothes back?" Fred was holding the tote bag out to her. She stood in the middle of the garage lane, tilting her head as though she was giving the matter some thought.
"Tell you what," she finally said. "You take those home and wash them for me, give them back to me on Monday. I'll keep this. I think Jack will be amused by it." She turned toward her car. "Have a good weekend," she called over her shoulder.
Fred stood watching her go, the tail of his t-shirt flipping up over her bare ass cheeks. When she disappeared around the corner, he walked up the remaining flight of stairs to his car. She was really heading in her own direction, he thought as he reached his floor.
HE WAS FOLDING the last of the laundry Sunday evening when his phone rang. Strange time for anybody to call, he thought, but answered anyway.
"Hey, what are you up to?" He immediately recognized Alexandra's voice, even though it sounded somewhat husky.
"Folding laundry. Everything all right?"
"Fine. Did you have a good weekend?"
"It was nice. How about yours?" He was a bit amused that she wanted to talk about their weekends, since that was usually their Monday morning chit-chat.
"It was pretty wild. Want me to tell you about it?"
"Sounds like you want to tell me, so go ahead," he said as he stretched out on the bed.
"Okay, so you remember I wore your t-shirt home Friday evening."
"Yes, you thought it would amuse Jack."
"Now don't interrupt. It amused him so much that he told me to keep it on when we went out to dinner. Our friends were already at the restaurant. They were surprised, to say the least, when I walked in, but then they enjoyed it as well. I told them the whole story, and they got a big laugh out of how I came to be wearing my co-worker's t-shirt while he was going to do my laundry."
Fred's breathing was getting shallow. He cleared his throat and asked, "Why are you telling me this?"
"Because I'm horny, and I want to turn you on, and I want to cum, and I want you to cum."
"Okay," he managed to say in a somewhat strangled tone.
"Are you naked?" Her voice came in a hoarse whisper.
"Getting there," he said. "Keep talking."
"We came back to the house after dinner. After a couple of drinks, Barbara leaned over and kissed me, and we started making out. We had always joked about the possibility among the four of us, and that was the night. Pretty soon, the t-shirt was pushed up around my neck, and Barbara started moving down my body, kissing my tits and stomach and then my pussy. Jack and her husband Artie were watching quietly."
She paused. He heard her sighing and gasping. His clothes were on the floor, and he had his cock in his hand. "Go on," he croaked.
"After a while, I managed to turn around and pull off her panties, so I could get to her pussy. She had a short skirt on, so I could lift that over her ass and grab her cheeks while I sucked her into my mouth. I'd never seen such thick pussy lips before." Fred moaned at the image, and Alexandra whispered back, "Don't cum yet, I've still got a ways to go."
"Go on."
"I came first, probably because she knew what she was doing. But it wasn't long before I got into a rhythm and got her to cum. We lay there for a few moments, just revelling in each other's bodies. Then Artie, her husband, came over with his cock out, and I started to suck him off, while Jack was over at her mouth. Then I watched as Artie slid into her pussy, just as I felt Jack come into me."
They were both breathing heavily. Fred felt that there must be more, so he was trying to keep his cock from exploding. Finally, Alexandra continued. "On Saturday, I washed and ironed your shirt, because Jack wanted me to wear it again that evening when we went out. This time, I was also wearing fishnet tights, high-heel boots, a gold belt, and a pearl necklace. It was sort of a political party, and there were a lot of fancy people who were getting all the attention, but I was kind of a hit on the sidelines."
"There was this other couple," she continued, "somebody Jack knew. We hit it off, and before long, we were standing in a corner, talking intently about something, and I felt her leg against mine, and then her hand on my back, sliding down over my ass to the tail of the shirt." The words were coming out in a rush, as though they were being carried along by her sexual arousal.
"We were leaning against each other, and her hand was coming back up my ass, only this time under the shirt. She was squeezing my butt cheek under the fishnet, and I was rocking my hips. My pussy was wet and hot, and I really wanted to kiss her and fuck her right there." She moaned, sounding almost desperate. "Then the speeches began, and we had to stop, but we stayed side by side, and as soon as they were done, we found Jack and said we had to go home. She got her partner, and we left. It was agony waiting for the car from valet parking. We were in the back seat, all over each other, on the ride home. As soon as we got in the house, we were on the couch, naked, and then the guys were naked, and . . . At one point, I was sucking this guy's cock, I still don't know his name, her name is Melissa, and Jack started fucking me, and . . . It was my first time with two guys."
"Why are you telling me this?" Fred's voice was strained as his cock was building toward an intense orgasm. And when she answered, "Because I wanted one of them to be you," he erupted. Cum flew across his stomach, his body shook, and he moaned and gasped in reaction to his orgasm and to what she had just said.
Over the phone, he heard her gasping as well, since she had cum at the same time. Then there was silence, as they let things settle.
"Are you still there?" She finally broke the silence.
"Yeah."
"I didn't want to tell you that at work."
"No." Another long silence fell over them. Finally, he said, "I'm going to have to get cleaned up. I'm starting to drip, and I don't want to mess up my newly washed sheets."
"Okay, I'll talk to you tomorrow." They both held their phones for a moment, then disconnected. Strange, he thought, I wonder where that came from ... and where it's going.
WHEN HE GOT TO THE OFFICE on Monday, he stopped by Alexandra's office and left a gift bag on her chair with her clothes washed and neatly folded, the panties on top. When he got to his office, he found his t-shirt, also neatly washed, ironed, folded, and tied with a ribbon on his chair. Under the ribbon was a note, which read, "I think it's time for us to meet," and it was signed "Jack."
After their Monday morning staff meeting, Fred tried to get some time with Alexandra, but they were both busy till late afternoon, when they were able to get out of the office for a cup of coffee across the street. "So what's going on?"
Alexandra looked around, uncharacteristically nervous. She leaned forward. "Jack has been talking about meeting you for a while, but I've always said we should wait. I'm not sure I was ready to deal with the two of you together. We talked about it a few times on vacation, and I even told him about wishing you could have been there. One day, we had some flirtations with another couple on a nude beach, but nothing beyond that. Then after this weekend, I said it was time. He has an idea for something at the mall-I don't know what-so he wanted me to give you that note."
She sat back and folded her hands around her coffee, looking like a good schoolgirl who just answered a question properly. Fred sipped his coffee and looked at her. "What does he have in mind?"
"I have no idea. I'm pretty sure it will involve me taking risks and that you two will have a lot of fun at my expense." She seemed both nervous and excited. Despite a number of other questions, it became clear to Fred that she had no further information and that he should keep his Saturday free.
By unspoken consent, they stuck to business during the week. Every now and then, Fred found that he was having a hard time concentrating in meetings and conversations. Mary Jo stopped by to review some of the changes they had discussed for the medical staff newsletter, and she called him on his distraction. "You're really not focusing on this, are you? That's the third time you've asked me the same question."
"I'm sorry," he said. "I guess I am distracted. Nothing wrong, just ... distracted. How are you doing? The last I heard from you was that you were going to buy new underwear."
"I did. Total replacement. Want to see?" Without waiting for an answer, she unbuttoned the center of her blouse and pulled it open to show him a light-yellow patterned bra. "And panties to match," she added, pulling up her skirt. Surprised at her own impulsiveness, she took a quick look around as she put the dress back down. Her face was bright red when she turned back to him.
Fred stared at her for a few moments. "You have to rush off after work?"
"No,"she said quietly. He nodded his head, then got back to the discussion about the newsletter.
Shortly after 5:00, her office phone rang. "Is everybody gone?" Fred asked.
"Brad's just finishing up."
"I'll be down shortly."
Ten minutes later, Fred came into the office suite just as Bradley was leaving. The door automatically locked behind him.
"How are you doing?" he asked, leaning in her doorway.
"Fine," she said quietly.
"Is that a new blouse?"
She nodded. "One of many, thanks to you."
"How about another look at your underwear? Take off your skirt."
With a little smile blending with apprehension, Mary Jo stood up, unzipped her skirt, let it fall to the floor, and stepped out of it.
"Are thigh-highs a new thing for you as well?"
She cleared her throat to keep from choking. "Yes, I just got these. Still getting used to feeling like I don't have anything on under the skirt."
"Nice, so let's lose those too."
She stepped out of her shoes, slid the stockings down her legs, then dropped them on top of the skirt. She took the tail of her blouse as though getting ready to unbutton it.
"Walk back and forth a bit before you do that," Fred said.
She walked the two steps of the width of her office, then back a couple of times. "Stop there," Fred said when she ended her third cycle, her back to him. "I love your butt cheeks under the panties. Now stay as you are and take off your blouse."
She undid the buttons from top to bottom, then let the blouse slide to the floor. He feasted on the sight of her curves, the slight bulge of flesh around her bra strap, the breadth of her hips curving down to her thick thighs. The lace edges of her panties fit snugly around her waist and butt, leaving half of her butt cheeks on display.
The waistband had been pushed down a little bit and exposed the top of her butt crack. Fred slid the first knuckle of his finger down into the space; she gasped and flinched at the touch, but did not turn away. He stroked lightly up and down the two sides of the crack, then slid the knuckle a few inches around her waist and back. He leaned forward and put his lips on her shoulder, nuzzling her slightly. She let out a long sigh as she leaned her head back against his, then took a sharp intake of breath as he slid his finger inside her waistband around to the front.
He moved his flat hand up her stomach, delving into the well of her navel a couple of times, then on up to cover her bra cup. He brought his other arm around her to hold her tight and gently slid the bra strap off her shoulder, moved his hand to push the bra cup away and cover her tit in his hand. He felt the nipple stirring against his palm as he massaged it.
He brought his other hand up to uncover and enclose her other tit. His right hand then slid gently down behind the lacy waistband and brushed against her pubic hair. She gasped louder, and he whispered in her ear, "You've trimmed yourself, I see." She nodded, and he felt her body getting tighter as his finger reached down past the pubic hair to the tender, wet start of her pussy. She twisted in his arms as he probed, then grew rigid when he touched the hard nub of her clit.
"May I?" he whispered.
"Don't stop," she answered with a gasp.
He began drawing circles around her clit, then reached down to massage her wet pussy lips. She was rocking her hips in sync with his fingers, and her gasps and moans soon became more guttural as the feelings became more intense, radiating throughout her entire body. Suddenly, she dug her fingers into his arm and her body shook as the waves of orgasm shot through her. After three such flinches, her legs began to sag, and he had to hold her tighter to keep her from falling to the floor.
He held her close as the waves subsided. He was still cupping her tit with his left hand as his right arm held her stomach close to him. Finally, he turned her slightly, so she could reach her arm to her desk and support herself. As she took more of her own weight, he smoothed the waistband of her panties against her waist and lifted the bra cups and straps back into place.
"What's next?"
"You have a light overcoat, don't you?" She nodded. "Put it on, get your shoes on. I'll fold up the rest of your clothes, then I'll walk you to your car."
"The overcoat's pretty short," she said with some alarm.
"I'll keep you covered," he said lightly.
Her eyes kept shifting in all directions as they headed to the elevator. On the way down, he said, "You know, you said that wearing the thigh-highs felt like you weren't wearing underwear. Let's put that to the test. Take off your panties."
"I've already done that with Alexandra," she said somewhat fearfully. "We came back from lunch last week without panties on."
"Well, now you can do it for me. Hurry up, before we get to the lobby."
Mary Jo reached under her coat and pulled the panties down, stepping out of them just as the elevator door opened. Without bothering to see if anybody would notice, she bent down and put them into her pocket. Fortunately, the lobby was empty.
She had to trot along to keep up with Fred as he strode across the lobby and out onto the sidewalk. Like Alexandra before her, she tried to use Fred as a shield. With shorter legs, though, she had trouble keeping up. When they rounded the first turn, a number of students burst out of the school building to their right, and a couple bumped against Mary Jo. One of them apologized. Mary Jo waved that she was okay, but she was mainly terrified that her coat had come open in the encounter.
She ran a couple of steps to rejoin Fred, who had stepped away from the crowd. She started to laugh, feeling somewhat exhilarated. "You all right?" Fred asked. On impulse, she grabbed his hand. "I must be out of my mind," she giggled and gave his hand a squeeze.
Nobody else bumped into them the rest of the way to the garage, and Fred walked her to her car when they got to her floor. She popped the trunk as she approached the car, put her purse and bag into it, then turned around to say good night. He was surprised to see that she had unbuttoned her coat and that it was wide open to her nearly naked body as she reached up to put her arms around his neck and kiss him.
It was a warm, wet kiss, and her tongue pressed into his mouth as she pulled him down to her height. "You could squeeze my butt," she whispered, " and unhook my bra." In a daze, he reached down with both hands and grabbed her fleshy butt cheeks. He massaged them and slid his hands around till one of his fingers brushed against her butthole. She gasped and held him tighter.
He slid his hands up her bare back and unhooked her bra strap, then slid them around to the front to cup both of her tits. She moaned and thrust her tongue deeper into his mouth when, suddenly, a car engine started somewhere nearby. They both jumped, and she immediately rehooked her bra and closed her coat. They looked around, then realized that the car was just below them and heading down. When he turned back to her, she had taken her panties out of her coat pocket and was stepping into them.
He watched as she smoothed them against her waist, then buttoned her overcoat. She put one hand on his cheek and raised herself on tiptoe to give him a gentle good-bye kiss. "To be continued," she said quietly and got into her car.
In bed that night, as he drifted off to sleep, he started thinking about squeezing her ass and cupping her tit until his mind drifted off to Alexandra and what she and Jack had in mind for this weekend.
AT 3:30 SATURDAY AFTERNOON, he arrived, as instructed, at the California Pizza Kitchen entrance to the mall and sat on one of the benches off to the side. Alexandra had handed him a card late Friday just as she left work. It included directions on what to wear, what to bring with him, and when to arrive. He sat, as instructed, with his back to the restaurant.
About ten minutes later, he saw Alexandra coming down the hall, dressed in a leather jacket, denim shorts, dark tights, and boots. He started to get up, but she waved him down with her hand. She stood in front of him, her shorts at eye level, and handed him a note. "Have Alex remove her jacket or her shorts. Don't ask her what else she's wearing. Tell her to come back to the starting point. Your next stop is down the east hallway to the Verizon store."
"I'm to have you remove your jacket or your shorts," he said to her. She nodded curtly. "Do you have a preference?"
She shook her head and smiled. "I'm not allowed to answer that."
Fred looked her up and down, not sure why he felt unable to make a choice. This should have been his game to play, he thought. Yet he felt that he was losing control and was not sure what to do. "Jacket," he finally said impulsively.
With that same mysterious smile, she unzipped the leather jacket and slid it off. She was wearing a snug lingerie halter top underneath, almost a match to her skin color. The material was so soft and thin that he could see the slightly different color of her nipples and the clear shape of her barbells. She tossed the jacket over one shoulder and turned to walk down the hall. He watched her go, her ass twitching as she walked. A few people glanced in surprise as she walked by.
He went to the Verizon store on the second level of the mall and waited near the benches opposite the entrance. It seemed like a long wait till he saw her coming up the escalator nearby. The jacket was back on, but the denim shorts were gone, leaving only the dark grey tights. From a distance, they were quite opaque, but as she drew closer, they became less so when the light hit her a certain way, and he could catch hints of her pussy.
She sat down on the bench next to him and handed him another folded piece of paper.
"Go to Starbucks for some coffee and a snack to let her get some rest. Then take her to Victoria's Secret. Pick out a see-through blouse and a pair of panties that she can wear in public. Then come together to meet me near the food court."
At the coffee shop, Alexandra chose a table along the main passageway, facing out with her legs falling slightly open. "How are you feeling?" Fred asked as he set the coffees down and sat across from her.
"I'm having fun. I'm in a kind of limbo. On one level, I'm excited being partially exposed in such a big crowd. On one level, I'm scared I'm going to get caught, and somebody's going to yell at me. On another, I'm disappointed that everybody's so absorbed in their own thing that they're not paying attention." She sipped some coffee. "What about you?"
"It's weird not being the only one telling you what to do."
She laughed. "Not just for you. After our first couple of adventures, I could sometimes anticipate what either one of you might tell me to do. Now I'm caught in the middle."
"Except Jack is calling the shots."
"For now," she said and smiled mysteriously. He felt even more unsettled as her eyes twinkled at him over the rim of her coffee cup.
In Victoria's Secret, Alexandra stayed close to Fred as they walked through the store, often leaning and bumping against him as they looked at the selection of lingerie. A couple of times, she took his hand and held it against her thigh or her ass or even her stomach, urging him to feel that she had nothing on under the tights. At one point, when they were in a distant corner of the store, blocked from everybody's view, she pulled his head down to kiss him. She had unzipped her jacket and brought his hand up to cover her tit.
The sound of nearby giggling broke the spell, and they both turned around. The sound had come from around the corner, a couple of teenage girls being silly about the sexy lingerie, not aware of Fred and Alexandra. They went back to looking through the store, still brushing against each other, Alexandra still pressing his hand against her bare ass under the tights.
Fred finally settled on a see-through, short-sleeve top that came to just below her tits and a pair of beige bikini panties with a floral design, which Alexandra assured him would cover enough of her butt to let people believe she was wearing a bathing suit.
At the food court, Alexandra guided him to a round table where a somewhat short, stocky man was seated with a large serving of French fries on the table. "This is Jack," she said, bending down to give him a kiss before sitting down.
As Fred sat down, he realized that his mental picture of Jack was quite different from the man he had now met. Alexandra had never described her fiance, so Fred's imagination had been allowed to run free and concoct the image of a tall, no doubt dark stranger who could sweep women off their feet. The actual Jack did not seem so threatening, though there was something about his expression that conveyed more than his general appearance might suggest.
"I'm glad to finally meet you," Jack said. "I hadn't known precisely what to expect, since Alexandra never told me what you looked like. Help yourself to some fries."
"Same here," Fred said as he sat down and took some fries.
They sat in awkward silence for a few seconds, snacking on the fries, till Alexandra asked, "Want to see what we got?"
"I'll wait till you have it on," Jack said. "At this point, Fred's in charge, at least as far as I'm concerned. I really just wanted to meet him and get to know him."
Alexandra turned to look at Fred, wo finally said, "Leave your jacket here, go to the restroom, and switch what you're wearing for the new top we got. On your way back, stop off and get us some frozen yogurt."
Without a word, Alexandra stood up, unzipped her leather jacket, and hung it on the back of her chair, took the top out of the bag, tore off the store labels, and headed toward the restroom. Fred watched her till she disappeared into the short hallway.
"Alexandra says you've been at this for a long time," he said, taking another few fries.
"In our last year of high school, my twin sister and I used to play like this. Two days after we turned eighteen, I got her to strip and streak the football game. She almost got caught, but she got to our car just in time, and I drove off. We got such a rush out of it that we started looking for other ways to get the same rush. We actually kept it up when we got together for college break, but she backed off once she met the guy she's now married to. . . Although," he chuckled, "I did get her to strip naked and come down to my room in the hotel where they were getting married. We chatted for a bit, then she snuck back to her room." He snagged a few more fries. "There are some family rumors that we used to have sex, but we never did. I drop a hint every now and then for her to try again, but she just laughs and tells me to grow up. I was dropping hints to Alex when we moved in together, and then she told me about her adventure with you."
"She seems to be enjoying the adventures and dares you come up, plus that vacation."
"Oh, at this point, she's setting the pace," Jack said."For the first couple of weeks after you initiated her, yeah, I was in charge. I would give her dares, tell her what to wear, when to expose herself, just as I had done with my sister. Pretty soon, though, she was making her own decisions, setting her own challenges, and I sometimes feel like I'm playing catch-up." He shook his head in wonderment. "I'm not used to that."
"Wasn't the trip your idea?"
"Definitely. It took her a day or so to agree to the nude cruise. She was nervous at the start, but as the trip continued, she came to like it more and more. When we got back . . ." Jack paused. He turned toward Fred. "I don't know how much she may have told you. Suffice it to say I was trying to get ahead of her, and when she came home wearing your t-shirt, we had a couple of intense dates, and it was after that she said she wanted the three of us to get together."
Fred saw Alexandra come out of the restroom hallway and head toward the frozen yogurt store. He drew Jack's attention to her, and they watched as she made the purchase, paid, and headed their way. The grey top floated loosely around her and left several inches of her stomach exposed. Each step she took exposed her to different angles of light, giving different glimpses of her swaying tits. Every now and then, the barbells sparkled and for a split-second drew attention to her soft nipples.
"Nice choice," Jack said as she sat down.
Nobody had much to say as they shared the vanilla and chocolate yogurt mix she had bought. When they had finished, Alexandra took the cups and spoons, stuffed them into the bucket the fries had been in, and stood up abruptly. "Time for a walk." She pivoted and took the bucket toward the nearest trash can. When she had tossed the trash, she said, "Somebody grab my jacket and the bag," then turned and started walking briskly out of the food court.
Both men were caught short and had to hustle to catch up with her. Fred grabbed the jacket, and Jack took the Victoria's Secret bag. "See what I mean?" Jack said as they chased after her.
She was already halfway down the hall toward the next junction when they caught up with her. She was bending down tapping on the window of a pet store as puppies played on the other side. She seemed oblivious to the startled looks from the people around her.
"Your tits are showing," Jack whispered loudly to her as they got there.
"Isn't that the point?" Alexandra laughed and turned to continue down the hall.
Fred and Jack quickly got onto either side of her and kept up the same brisk pace. They had to react quickly when she would suddenly stop and turn to look at a store. They knew she was teasing them, and they soon got into the spirit of the game.
After getting through what seemed like half the mall, Alexandra got onto the escalator to the second floor. As they rode, she turned to them and cocked her hip. "What's next?" She smiled and shook her shoulders, giving them both a flash of her tits. Then she turned, got off, and walked over to the storefront facing them.
Fred took the bag from Jack and handed it to her, along with her jacket. "Go find a changing room somewhere, take off what you have on, and put on the top from earlier, the panties we bought, the boots, and your jacket, then come back and join us here." She gave them both a bright smile and turned to walk away.
"She really has no hesitation about any of this, does she?" Fred said as they watched her go.
"As I said, this is her show." There was something in Jack's voice that drew Fred's attention.
"What's bothering you?"
"You'll find out, soon enough," Jack said. "She has more plans."
The two of them stood side by side in silence, just waiting for Alexandra to return. After a couple of minutes, she rounded the corner down the hallway, walking with a jaunty swagger, wearing her leather jacket and seemingly little else. From a distance, one could be faulted for thinking she was wearing nothing below the waist except, perhaps, flesh-colored leggings.
Several people did double-takes as she passed them, and she seemed totally unconcerned. Then she suddenly stopped and turned to face someone coming out of a store. The two of them gave each other an enthusiastic hug, and the newcomer turned toward a third, younger person behind her.
Fred and Jack were puzzled as the two women seemed engaged in lively conversation. Then Alexandra pointed to the two men, and the other woman turned and waved. Fred's jaw actually dropped when he recognized Mary Jo, and his hand came up rather limply to wave back.
"Somebody you know?" Jack asked, next to him.
"A co-worker," Fred said, in a state of shock. "The other woman that I've . . . um, encouraged to strip. Her name's Mary Jo. The girl with her must be her daughter."
The two men watched in silence as Alexandra and Mary Jo gave each other parting hugs, and Alexandra started walking back toward them. The girl was watching her with wide open eyes and seemed to say something to her mother. Still jauntily walking, Alexandra turned back and gave her a little wave, then headed back to the men.
"That was Mary Jo," she said brightly when she came up to them. "Her daughter turned 18 recently, and they're out looking for bikinis. Apparently, they've never worn them before, and Mary Jo decided it's time for a change. I suggested my favorite bikini store."
"How did they react to your outfit?" Jack asked.
"Mary Jo got a kick out of it when I told her I was out on an adventure with you two. That's when she turned to wave. I think the daughter was shocked. As I had started back, I heard her comment to her mom that I was in my underwear. That's when I turned back to wave at them." She giggled. "I'm sure she was mortified."
They walked down the mall, Alexandra between the two men, the three of them chatting as though everything was perfectly normal. A few people did double takes, but not that many. When they got a central part where several wings of the mall came together, Fred told Alexandra to wait at the top of the balcony, as though she were meeting somebody who was late. Jack would watch from the side to note people's reactions, and Fred rode down to the lower level.
After a few minutes, Jack texted Fred: "There's one guy, been finding excuses to loiter nearby. He looks like he might be building up courage to approach her."
"Send her down, let's see what happens."
Fred watched as Alexandra rode down the escalator. A guy in a striped pink shirt got on shortly after her. "That's the guy," Jack texted.
When she stepped off the escalator, Alexandra walked toward one of the stores in front of her, and the guy in the pink shirt started following her. Fred circled around to meet up with Alexandra just in front of the store and called out, "Hi, honey, sorry I was late." She gave him a big hug, and he watched over her shoulder as the other man suddenly turned and walked quickly away.
"Is he gone?" she whispered.
"I'm afraid so," Fred laughed. "He looks very disappointed."
She gave him a kiss on the cheek just as Jack came off the escalator. "We may have ruined his day," he said as he joined the other two. "I don't know about you two, but I'm starting to get hungry. I think we should eat, but first," he said, turning to Alexandra, "I think we're at the point where you need to get some sandals to go with those panties, instead of the boots. And maybe a loose shirt to replace the jacket."
They found a shoe store a few doors down, and Alexandra went in. Fortunately, the sandals were in line with the window, so the two men could stay outside and watch her while she tried on several pairs, walking back and forth in her panties as she did so. At one point, she slid the panties aside and gave them a flash of her pussy lips.
Fred gasped and looked to see if anybody else had noticed. Jack calmly said, "That is my cue to tell you what's coming up next." He leaned in to speak quietly. "Alex says she told you about our recent foursome activities, and she told me that she wanted you to be part of something like that. I agreed to that, but first, she said, she wants to have you to herself."
"What are you talking about?" Fred was puzzled. "At some point tonight," Jack continued, "I will go home, and Alex will stay with you for as long as you want, until tomorrow night. That's if you want to."
"You're just going to walk away and leave her to me?" Fred was having a hard time wrapping his head around the conversation.
Jack laughed somewhat sympathetically. "Like I said, much of this is her idea. She wants you, and I want her to get what she wants. I'm still adjusting to it, but I want us both to be free."
Alexandra was standing in line behind a couple of people to pay for a pair of leather thong sandals that she had found. A number of people, mostly men, seemed to have gathered around her, and a sales associate, looking somewhat flustered and rushed, invited her over to another cashier to check her out. Once she had paid her bill, Alexandra took her time to saunter out of the store and smiled at anybody who seemed to be gawking.
She showed the men the sandals and caught something in Fred's eyes. "You all right, honey?" she asked and took his arm in hers. "He's still adjusting to what's ahead," Jack said as they walked to a sporting goods store down the hall.
"I guess we did spring it on you," she said, tightening her hold on his arm. "But then this whole experience has been a series of surprises, wouldn't you say? It all started with a surprise, one Friday night, long long ago."
At the sporting goods store, she bought a loose basketball jersey that was probably two sizes too large for her and would do little to cover her up. Then they went to a steak house a little further down. It was early for dinner, so there were not many other customers, and the room was fairly dark. Other than the hostess, nobody seemed to notice the woman in her jacket and panties, even after she had taken off the jacket and laid it on the bench next to her.
After they got their drinks and placed their order, Fred finally spoke up. "I admit that I was taken aback by Jack's announcement and the realization that things were being planned around me. I've never been on a date planned by committee before, but I'll give it a shot. So I'd like to make a toast to this new adventure we're on. May it not blow up in our faces."
The other two laughed, and the three of them raised their glasses and took a drink.
The servers brought their salads, and they reverted to standard dinner table conversation as they ate. They finished with coffee and dessert, at which point Jack said, "It will be time for me to go soon, so time for you to change." He pulled the sandals and the basketball jersey out of the shopping bag and put them on the bench.
Alexandra calmly picked up her jacket from the bench beside her and handed it to Jack, who put it into the bag. She then put one foot onto the bench next to her and untied the laces of the boot, took it and the sock off, and handed them to Jack. She paused when the waiter came up to offer refills on coffee, then did the same on the other side. She put the sandals on the floor and slid her feet into them.
After looking around to make sure nobody was looking or approaching, she took off her halter top and tossed it to Jack. Fred held his breath. For a second or two, she was naked in the restaurant, then she calmly pulled the jersey over her head. As she smoothed that down over herself, she lifted her butt off the bench and slid off her panties, which she neatly folded into a square and handed to Jack.
Fred watched the whole process in silent amazement. When Jack had put the panties into the shopping bag, he got up and stepped over to Alexandra, who stood up, wearing nothing but her jersey, and gave him a big hug and kiss. Fred watched the edge of the jersey rise above her ass and then drop down again as they broke the kiss. Jack shook hands with Fred, said, "See you tomorrow," and walked out.
Fred watched him leave, then turned back to Alexandra, who was smiling at him. "You all right, honey?" she asked. He nodded, and she reached across the table to put her hand on his arm. The move shifted the jersey and exposed her left tit. "Are you upset by the way things have gone?"
He laughed. "I was confused, surprised, I was having a hard time keeping up with what felt like the ground shifting under me, and I'm still a little wobbly. So yes, I was upset, but not now."
"Happier that it's just the two of us?"
"I'm more used to that. I liked Jack, from our brief acquaintance, and I'm sure we'll get along. I mean, we both like you."
Alexandra smiled, relieved that he was more relaxed. "So, you're in charge. What's our next step?"
"My car is at the total other end of the mall, as you know. Instead of walking back through the mall, let's take the exit to the outside and walk around."
As Alexandra stood up, the jersey settled down around her body very loosely. Her boobs were quite visible from the side, and every step threatened to pull the jersey to the side just enough to flash her nipples. A crowd had assembled at the entrance to the restaurant, waiting to be seated, and many eyes were on her as she approached and worked her way through the crowd. Sometimes, she turned slightly sideways to get through, and the nipples were even more easily on view. Fred tried to stay beside her, but there was little he could do to shield her. Instead, he just enjoyed the variety of reactions: shock, wide-eyed surprise, double-takes, and outright gawking.
Once they were outside and walking briskly along the side of the mall, the slight breeze kicked up the edge of the jersey, giving flashes of her butt cheeks with each step. Fred took her hand to keep up with her and saw that she was smiling and laughing, delighted to be where she was and doing what she was doing.
Every now and then, whether inside a garage or near a heavy growth of bushes, Alexandra pulled him off to the side, and they would kiss passionately. The first few times, he just squeezed her ass; as it happened more often, he pushed up the jersey so he could fondle and squeeze her tits.
The trip around the mall probably took three times as long as it needed to. When they got within sight of his car, Alexandra held back. "Challenge me," she said. "Make me take a risk." She stood on the sidewalk, close to some bushes near the mall entrance.
He looked around and noticed what stores were near that entrance. "Wait here," he said and went inside. She was a bit startled at his sudden disappearance and eased herself into a corner behind the bushes, so she was not on clear display. He was gone for about ten minutes, which seemed really long to the nearly nude Alexandra. When he came back, he had a pair of scissors.
He cut about two inches off the bottom of the jersey, all the way around, leaving her pussy and butt cheeks exposed. He cut that strip in half and tied her wrists with it behind her back. Then he cut the jersey from her nipples down, so that it now had two slits running down the front of it. "Watch me while I walk to the car. I'll wave to you when I get there. As soon as you see me wave to you, start out across the parking lot. Don't hide, walk quickly, and if you fall, you'll have to get yourself back up. I'll be waiting for you." And with that, he turned around and walked away.
The breeze had picked up and was already lifting the front panel up above her stomach. She knew that she would be completely exposed to anybody who saw her and that, if somebody stopped her, she would be in trouble. She felt a rising panic. She wanted to scream to Fred to come back and save her; at the same time, she knew she was getting exactly what she wanted. In the midst of it all, she felt her pussy throbbing and getting very wet.
Finally, she saw him stop and turn to wave to her. She looked around and started off, trying to move briskly, but without panic. He was about three car lanes away and halfway down the lane. She kept her head down and moved resolutely in the direction he had been. Then she heard a whistle and looked up. He was no longer there! She looked around in a panic and saw him on the other side of the lane waving to her. Tears welled up as she began to move between the cars to get to him, and then he moved again, heading away from the store, further down the lane. She turned, dashed in between some cars when she saw a car turn onto her lane. When she looked up again, she could not see him. She was whimpering, quietly calling his name in growing desperation of where she was and what he had done.
"Hey, love." His voice caused her to spin around, and he was standing right there beside her. She almost fell forward as he put his arm around her and held her tight. After a few seconds, he bent down and untied the knot holding her hands behind her, then put his arm around her shoulder. "Just two cars away," he said as he moved her along.
When they got to the car and he opened the door, he said, "Let's get rid of this, shall we," and pulled off the jersey. She was stark naked except for her sandals as she got into the car.
As he drove out of the parking lot, she said, "I think you won that round."
At his apartment, he parked in his usual space and came around to open her door. "Today is all about parking lots, isn't it?"
He put his arm around her, and they walked across the lot to the same side entrance where she had left him off a month or so ago. They got up to his apartment without being seen. As soon as the door closed behind them, she turned, threw her arms around him, and gave him a deep passionate kiss. He wrapped his arms around her bare back and responded with as much passion as she was giving. Her hands went down to his waist and started undoing his belt and pants. He was about to ask if she wanted to move further into the apartment when she cut him off.
"You know what I've been dying to do ever since that day you stripped in my office and came in my hand?" She knelt down as she pulled his pants down to his knees and wrapped one hand around his stiffening cock. "This," she said and wrapped her lips around his throbbing member.
Fred thrilled at the softness of her lips and leaned back slightly against the door. At the same time, he felt an intensity in her approach, as though she were ravenously hungry for his cock for a long time. Her hands run up and down his legs, then up under his shirt, touching every part of him she can reach as she feasted on him.
She was not the only one who was hungry, though. While his cock was getting close to exploding, he wanted more. He grabbed Alexandra by the arms and pulled her up, stepped out of his shoes and pants, and picked her up. "Bedroom," he said and carried her through the apartment.
Deprived of his cock, she buried her mouth onto his shoulder. He dropped her onto the bed, took off the rest of her clothes, and spread her legs, so he could bury his face into her crotch. She gave out a guttural moan as his tongue slipped between her sopping pussy lips and delved down to the opening of her cunt. His tongue was thick as he slid into her, moving in and out for some preliminary fucking. Then he moved up her body, kissing and biting her thighs, her navel, her tits—remembering to be careful with the barbells—and nibbling and usucking on her neck. Before he had finished, his cock was already resting on her cunt, and she shifted her hips, so he could slide right in, filling her with his girth and fucking slowly and gently to build up the waves of passion that would soon overwhelm both of them.
She locked her feet behind his back and pulled him closer to her with her arms. He brought his knees up under her, deepening his penetration and allowing him to keep hammering at her until he could wait not longer and he burst into her, growling as the orgasm took him over. At almost the same moment, her cunt squeezed down on his cock, pulsing against him as he emptied himself into her. Her roar combined with his moan as he collapsed onto her in the final fits of his orgasm.
They fell into a silent lump on the bed, as their bodies twitched a last few times. They were breathing into each other, their sweat combining into puddles where their bodies were most closely held against each other. They fell briefly into a light sleep, then slowly recovered as their bodies drifted slightly apart. They looked at each other, their faces almost touching, and gently laughed.
"I think we echoed through the parking lot," he laughed.
"I hope nobody had an accident." They snuggled into more comfortable positions and let themselves drift off into sleep.
They awoke an hour later and decided to get a drink and a snack. He picked up his clothes scattered around the apartment and took a moment to lock the door, which he had not done when they first arrived. He came up behind her, standing naked in the kitchen, and wrapped his arms around her stomach, pressing himself against her back. She put her hands on his arms, and they rocked together quietly. After a few moments, she turned his head partly toward him and said, "We'll talk in the morning. Let's just spend the rest of the night exploring, touching, and fucking."
So that's what they did.
THEY WOKE UP ON A TANGLED BED with the sun pouring in the window. Fred got up to start the coffee and came back carrying a muffin for them to split. When the coffee was done, he fixed some eggs and bacon, and they sat at his table by the window, naked in the warmth of the sun, not caring if they could be seen.
"I've wanted to do that since the first day I left you naked at your house," Fred said, finally breaking their silence. "I just didn't want to cross that line between work and pleasure."
"Me too," she replied, wiping the crumbs of toast from her mouth. "And we still have to be careful. But that night opened up a whole range of possibilities that I had never considered before. Open relationships, multiple enduring partners, great sex. After that first night, Jack and I started talking in ways we never had, bringing up ideas that he had fantasized about, but never thought would happen and opening up passions and desires that I had long kept locked up. You and I should probably have the same kinds of conversations, even though we're already launched into this new direction."
It was a lot for Fred to absorb, so they kept talking through the morning, stopping occasionally to kiss and lick and fuck. They stopped again for lunch, then resumed in the afternoon. He was lying on the bed, she had straddled him and was riding gently up and down his cock, her tits filling his hands, her hair dangling into his face. "So, what do you say? Are you ready for this new adventure? Ready to meet Jack tonight, so you both can fill me up with cum and joy?"
How could I possibly say no, he thought, as she continued to ride his cock. He moved one hand to her neck and pulled her down to his face. "Yes," he whispered, "just don't stop riding my cock."
*** *** *** *** *** ***
This is the final installment of the Helping Alexandra series, but not the end of Alexandra, Fred, or Mary Jo. They will be part of an upcoming sequel to the story, Sandra: The IT Exhibitionist, and Mary Jo will get to tell her own story. And who knows? They may all stir up some other activity on their own. Thanks for reading.