A few years ago my then girlfriend Lisa and I were traveling in Australia, we were staying in a backpackers hostel in Sydney.
The rooms were mixed sex dormitories which were the cheapest type of room and ideal for budget backpackers travelling around.
Throughout our travels we had to have sex when and where we could, sleeping in a dorm with six or seven other backpackers wasn't ideal for a horny young twenty-something couple who wanted to fuck all the time.
I used to sneak her in the shower rooms and fuck her, or find a quiet area when out and about. It was a little frustrating, but always hot when it happened.
Lisa was a stunning, slim blonde with lovely big boobs and sexy come to bed eyes. She was a very uninhibited kind of girl, with an anything goes attitude.
Before we met she had fucked many guys, I used to ask her about her previous lovers, it turned me on hearing her describe what she did with them.
She had experienced all shapes and sizes, younger lads and older men. She even had an affair with a married man twenty years her senior for about six months.
I loved to hear the stories of what he used to do to her. So for a twenty three year old woman, she had a lot of experience in the bedroom.
I would have said, before I met Lisa that I had average cock, but a few times she'd hinted that in fact most of the guys she'd been with were better off in that department than me.
She even said that the ones with smaller cocks had to either be really hot, or fantastic at licking pussy.
"It's a good job you're hot and great at oral." She joked.
She had also told me in the past that she prefers uncut guys as she "loves to pump a foreskin" Unfortunately I'm circumcised.
One morning we were in the pool having a swim when a well built Australian guy seemed to catch Lisa's attention. He was toned, tanned, tall and dark.
She was on a sun lounger bathing topless, as she always did. I could tell she had noticed him, because as soon as he walked passed she sat up and looked over the top of her sunglasses.
His tight trunks left little to the imagination and you could see the outline of what looked like a very impressive member.
"See something you like?" I asked.
Lisa just smiled and turned over.
I went off for a swim. When I returned this guy was sitting next to Lisa on my lounger, rubbing suntan lotion on her back. I went over.
"This is James" she said, "I asked if he'd rub some lotion on my back as I'd forgotten to do it earlier."
"Hibuddy" said James, extending his hand for me to shake.
"Nice to meet you, I'm Danny!" I replied. He seemed friendly enough and It transpired that he was staying at our hostel.
"A few of us are going out tonight, you guys should come along," he said.
"We'd love to" Lisa replied. "See you tonight."
"What was that about?" I asked as he left, but she brushed it off casually as she usually did, so I decided not to let it bother me, too much anyway.
As I was in the changing rooms getting showered James walked in.
"Hi again" he said, then he pulled his shorts down and took the shower next to me.
'Oh fuck' I thought as I caught sight of his cock. It was absolutely huge.
The showers were cold and it didn't do any favours to my 'below average' circumcised manhood, but it didn't seem to affect this stud at all.
I'm standing there naked, trying to hide my shrivelling penis as much as I can, making small talk with this donkey dicked mutha-fucker, who was rubbing lotion into my girlfriends back only a few moments ago.
"So what's the story with you and Lisa" James asked.
"She's my girlfriend!" I replied a little awkwardly.
"Too bad" he said, "she's hot!!"
Lisa always attracted attention from guys when we were out, this particular night was no exception. A lad called Alan who was Irish and had been tapping her up all week was also staying in our hostel. He kept telling me what a lovely girl I had and how he wished he could smash her. I was flattered, if a little uncomfortable.
Then I caught sight of James, he came over again and said hello. A crowd of us were on the dance floor, generally having a good time, drinking and partying into the early hours. But it seemed every time my back was turned, James was talking to Lisa.
Eventually about eight of us, including James, departed back to the hostel's common room after the night was over. One drunk girl named Ellie suggested we play spin the bottle. Lisa was well up for it and told Ellie to get it started.
Ellie spun the bottle and it stopped at me.
"You have to French kiss the next person it lands on, boy or girl, for ten seconds.." she said. Then she spun it again. It landed on another girl, thank god.
The girl I had to kiss was called Amy, she was a stunning brunette with a lovely figure. I leant forward and began kissing her.
I wasn't sure how to play it, then I felt her tongue and it turned into a full on passionate kiss. As we parted mouths I glanced at Lisa who had a wicked smile on her face. She laughed.
"Can't wait until it's my turn" She said.
I knew what that meant, she was so flirtatious when she was drunk, I just hoped she didn't have to do anything with James.
A few more people had a go and each time it got a bit more risky. Two girls had to kiss, which was fucking hot to watch, then a guy had to lick chocolate off another guys nipples. It was all harmless fun.
Then the bottle stopped on Alan the Irish guy.
"You have to kiss the next person for twenty seconds" Said Ellie. It stopped on Lisa.
I knew from earlier that he fancied Lisa but to be honest I was just glad it didn't stop on James.
Lisa kissed Alan to rapturous applause, she held his face and I could see she had her tongue in his mouth, he put his hand on her breast as they kissed which let to a few whistles and jeers.
It lasted for more than twenty seconds, but she didn't seem to care. Afterwards she wiped her mouth and smiled at me with a glint in her eye as she did so.
Then the bottle landed on me again.
"Let's take this up a notch" said Ellie. "As it's your second go Dan, you have to put your hand down the pants of the next person it lands on for twenty seconds.
She spun the bottle, and it landed on James.
"What" I protested, "I'm not doing that" James stood up and undid his flies.
"Go on mate, I'm not bothered" he said, "we've both seen each other in the buff, what's a little feel gonna matter?"
The rest of the party were egging me on, including Lisa.
"Go on Dan" she laughed, "if you don't, I will."
"Yes Dan." Said Ellie. "any request not fulfilled will have to be carried out by your girlfriend!"
'Fuck it!" I thought. So I stood up and reluctantly put my hand down his jeans.
It was tight down there, despite him undoing his flies fully, there was a lot of meat packed into a small area. His cock felt huge.
It was the first time in my life I'd put my hands on another guys dick, and what a monster to start off with.
I felt it twinge in my hands, and I must admit, I was impressed, as well as a little jealous. As soon as Ellie had counted to twenty I pulled my hand out of his pants.
"Well done buddy" James said jokingly. "I knew you'd wanted to do that since you saw it in the showers this morning."
Later that night Lisa and I went to bed. Everyone in the dormitory was asleep.
"I can't believe you touched his dick in front of everyone Dan!" she whispered as we lay down. I couldn't believe she was giving me shit for it. "Did you like it?" She asked.
"Of course I didn't like it!" I replied. "I only did it so you didn't do it!"
"Bull shit!" she said, "you loved having his big cock in your hands you little faggot."
As she said that she put her hands down my pants.
"You don't want me to have it cos you want it for yourself don't you?" She said as she started to wank me off.
I didn't know what to say. I knew one of her turn on's was guy on guy but I'd never really talked to her much about it.
She cuddled up next to me in the single bottom bunk and continued to play with my cock. I was rock hard.
"It makes you hard thinking about another guys massive cock in your hands doesn't it? I bet you'd love to suck it!"
She prodded her middle finger around my bum hole.
"You like that you little cock feeler, don't you?" She asked.
I tried not to make a noise, but as soon as Lisa's finger entered my ass hole I started to cum.
She tugged me off and fingered my ass hole while whispering all sorts of obscenities in my ear, as I shot a big load of hot white jizz onto her hand.
"That was nice!!" she said, and she wiped her sticky wet hand around my mouth, all over my face and in my hair until it was clean. With that she turned over and went to sleep.
There I was lying there, ashamed but satisfied, my cock still as hard as a rock and my own sticky cum drying on my face.
As I lay there I happened to notice a guy laying on a top bunk adjacent to us.
His bedsheet was pulled back and I could see he had his hands down his pants.
He was looking right at me, smiling and blatantly stroking his cock.
I turned over and closed my eyes, pretending not to notice as he continued to wank. Eventually letting out a quiet, subtle groan as he obviously ejaculated over his bare belly.
What an interesting day, I thought to myself as I drifted off to sleep.
To be continued...