Note: This story is mainly about exhibitionism, public nudity, and nudism, but involves a father and daughter. It gets into light incest and I will likely pursue the incest angle if I continue this story further. All characters are over the age of 18 years old.
I wake up to the sound of my phone vibrating on the table next to my bed. I look at the clock and it says 2:30am. I'm kind of confused as I have never received a call at this hour. The number is not one of my contacts. Without thinking further I answer.
"Hello?"
"Hello, is this Jack Spencer?"
"Who is this?"
"This is Officer Jarvis of the Riverland Police Department."
For a moment I panic and wonder what is happening.
"Are you the father of Samantha Spencer?"
Now I am in full blown panic mode. "Yes. Is she ok? What happened?"
"She is ok. We have her in custody and she gave us this number to call."
"Custody? For what?"
"She was arrested for public indecency, sir."
"Public indecency? What the hell are you talking about? Can I talk to her?"
"No, but you can come and pick her up. We can provide more information then."
I ask for the location and get all the details. I very quickly get dressed, grab my stuff, and head out. I arrive at the police station and go to the main desk.
"I'm here for my daughter, Samantha Spencer."
"Wait right here, sir."
The officer goes back behind the door that is behind the desk. She comes back a minute later. "Come on back, sir."
I follow her. In the back room is Sam, sitting on a bench wearing a very large hoodie that doesn't look like one of hers. She looks up at me, red-faced and teary, then looks down toward the floor. She doesn't have any shoes on. It looks like no pants or shorts either.
"Sam, are you ok?"
"Yes," she says, very faintly. She doesn't even look at me when she does.
"Sir, please come over here and fill out this paperwork."
"So what happened exactly," I ask the officer.
"I don't know how to put this delicately, but your daughter was found in Stone Park. Naked."
"Naked in the park?"
"Yes. She was also...how do I say this...pleasuring herself."
"What the hell are you talking about?"
"We received a call about a naked person in the park and went out there. When the officers arrived she must not have heard them. They said she was pleasuring herself as they walked up to her. She was completely naked."
"And they're sure?"
"From what I was told there was no mistaking it."
I am thinking this all must be a joke, or at least a misunderstanding. After looking back at Sam I wonder if maybe not. After I'm done they tell me we are free to go and let me know there will be a court date and some other stuff. I half hear everything they are telling me while looking at Sam and wondering what the hell happened. I walk over to my daughter.
"Let's go,"
As we are walking out they give her a plastic Ziploc bag. "Here are your...belongings," they tell her.
I look at it and it appears to be a butt plug. A rather large one at that. She doesn't even look at me and puts it into her hoodie pouch. There was nothing else in the bag or handed to her. I wonder where her keys, phone, pants, shoes, etc are. I don't know what to say so I don't say anything at all.
We walk out and get into the car. I don't start it and look over at her.
"Sam, what is going on?"
"I'd rather not talk about it."
"Well, I would. I was just called to the police station in the middle of the night to pick up my daughter and was told she was masturbating in a park while naked."
I can't believe those words just came out of my mouth.
"You are going to think I am crazy and weird and probably want to disown me."
"What are you talking about? Nothing you could do would ever make me do that."
"You already know what happened. You just said it."
"Why were you doing this?"
"I don't know," she says.
"What do you mean you don't know?"
"Ok. It seems like we are going to talk about this," she says. A long pause. "Do you promise you won't think less of me?"
"Never, Sam."
"Ok, here it is. Sometimes, late at night, I will wander around the house naked when you are sleeping. Sometimes I will go into the backyard. Sometimes I walk outside around the front of the house. Once in a while I will walk further into the neighborhood."
"You walk around the house and outside naked," I ask, making sure I heard this correctly.
"Yes" she says, not looking at me.
"Why?"
"Being completely honest, it makes me happy and feels good. Sorry if you think that is weird."
"It's a little weird, but I just want to understand. How often do you do this? Do you bring clothes with you when you go outside?"
Looking at her in this hoodie that was pretty obviously not hers I was guessing the answer was no, but hoping I was wrong.
"Ok. I'm going to say a bunch of stuff. Please let me finish and please don't freak out. We're both adults and I am going to be completely honest with you as there's no holding back now."
I nod. "Well, let's hear it."
"I think I am an exhibitionist, Dad. Well, maybe not a full one, as I like the possibility of being caught or seen, but wasn't sure I wanted to be. I also think I am kind of a nudist. Whenever you are not home I am almost always naked. As soon as I see or hear your car, or know when you'll be home, I throw on a dress or sweats or something. I always keep something nearby when in the house. And no, I don't bring clothes with me when I go outside at night. I didn't bring any with me tonight. The added thrill of not having any clothes to put on if caught really excites me. I don't wear anything at all. No socks, shoes, jewelry, nothing. I like to be 100% completely naked."
I am in complete shock. My 19 year old daughter is telling me she walks around naked in our house and outside and doesn't bring any clothes with her. A fleeting thought of arousal comes into my mind, but I try to force it out.
"Tonight I decided to push my limits. I decided to walk to the park and see how far I could get. While being careful not to be seen I got to the park and it was pitch black. I went in and sat on the slide, taking in the fact that I was in this park, completely naked. It was so peaceful and quiet, and it really turned me on knowing that I was naked with no access to clothes in such a public place. Well, one thing led to another and you know the rest. The police caught me, arrested me, and now we're here."
"Wasn't," I said.
"What," she asked.
"You said you weren't sure you wanted to be seen. Are you sure now?"
"Well, when I was caught, it was pure panic, but also at the same time I enjoyed that someone saw me. And..." she trailed off.
"And what?"
"And I orgasmed harder than I have in my entire life while the police officers watched me. There, I said it."
I was taken aback. My daughter was saying things I would never think I'd hear come out of her mouth. I just stare at her, open-mouthed.
"Well, you asked. I gave you the truth."
"So you aren't wearing anything under that hoodie?"
"No. They gave it me when they arrested me."
Before I asked this next question I wondered if I should, or just stop here. I went ahead anyways. "What about what they handed you on the way out of the station?"
"I was hoping you wouldn't ask about that," she says a little sheepishly.
"Is it what I think it is?"
"If you think it is a butt plug, then yes."
Another sentence I never thought I'd hear out of my daughter's mouth. I stare at her for what seems like minutes.
"While we're doing this, yes I had this butt plug in me when I was arrested. I like butt plugs, Dad. I like the way they feel."
"Is this something you do often as well?"
"Yes. I am kind of addicted to them. I almost always have one in me."
"Even at home?"
"Yes."
"Just at night when doing...this stuff?"
"No, like all the time. Even when you're home. When we are eating dinner, or watching TV, or talking. I even..." she stopped.
"Even what?"
"Even when I go out with friends."
"You have a butt plug inside of you when you leave the house?"
"Yes, Dad. Like I said, I'm kind of addicted to them and love how they feel."
"So to be clear, last night when we were watching a movie..."
She interrupted me, "yes."
"I don't know what to say to all of this, Sam."
"You don't have to say anything. You asked and I told you. I am not ashamed of having my quirks, kinks, whatever you call them. I am just embarrassed that you found out like this. We all masturbate. I do. You probably do. I just like to add a little adventure to mine."
"Aren't you worried about...it...falling out?"
"That's part of the excitement for me. Knowing I could be caught or it can fall out and hit the floor while around people is just as good of a feeling as having it inside of me. It's never happened though, if you were wondering."
I was. I thought to myself how she said fall out and hit the floor. Wouldn't it just fall into her underwear?
"If it fell out, wouldn't it just be in your underwear?"
"Well, another confession. I don't wear underwear. I hate them. So confining."
"You never wear underwear?"
"Nope."
"What about with dresses?"
"Nope."
"So you're telling me that not only do you walk around outside naked and do these things at night, but you also leave the house, go to school, hang with friends, and during all of this you have a butt plug inside of you and you are always going commando?"
"Yes, Dad."
"What am I going to do with you," I ask her jokingly.
"I hope nothing. I hope we can eventually get past this and get back to normal."
"I am not sure how normal it can be knowing all of this."
"I hope almost all the way back. As much as possible," Sam says. "Can we go home? If you haven't noticed I am only wearing this hoodie and it is 430am. I'm almost naked and pretty tired."
"Yes, let's go."
When we get home and inside Sam hugs me. "I'm sorry you found out like this and that you had to come get me out of jail. Thank you for not completely freaking out and being understanding."
"I'm freaking out a little inside after learning about all of this, but we can talk about it tomorrow. Go get some sleep.
"I love you, Daddy."
"Love you too, Sam."
The next day we try to get back to normal, but every time I see her I am wondering if she's going commando with a butt plug. At dinner, Sam sits down, wearing a simple blue sundress.
"Yes," she says.
"Huh," I ask.
"I noticed that you having been looking at me a little weird all day. If you are wondering if what I told you last night is still true, the answer is yes."
I immediately know what she is talking about, but ask anyways. "So you have one inside of you right now?"
"Yes."
"And..."
"And no, I am not wearing any underwear. Just because you found all of this stuff out doesn't mean I want to change. I like doing this. It makes me feel good. I am sorry if that weirds you out, but I want to be honest with you from now on. I am not all of a sudden going to start wearing underwear when I haven't in years. I am also not going just stop wearing butt plugs, either."
"Are you still going to...at night?"
"Yes. I probably won't leave our property for a couple of days, though."
"Well that's a relief," I say jokingly.
A laugh escapes Sam and we both just laugh for a few seconds before I look at her. "I don't know what to say. I am not going to forbid you from anything, but I ask that you please be safe. I am not going to judge you. I love you. I just don't want anything bad to happen to you."
"I know, Dad. And thank you for saying all of that. I love you too. I promise to be safe."
"I am just trying not to think about the fact that while I am sleeping, or out, my daughter will be roaming around the house and outside while naked."
"Sorry if it weirds you out."
"A little, but we're adults like you said. I guess I'll have to get used to it."
Sam stands up, leans over, and kisses me on the cheek while giving me a big hug. She sits back down.
"Since we're talking about this stuff, at the risk of completely overwhelming you and pushing this too far, I have a question. I am unsure if I want to ask it, though."
"Sam, at this point I'm not sure what you can say that will surprise me." I try to prepare myself for what's coming.
She is looking at her plate, twirling her fork aimlessly.
"You know how I said I think I'm a nudist?"
"Yes, I remember."
"Well...I was wondering..." A pause.
"What?"
"Please don't think I am extra weird for this, but would you mind if, while at home, I didn't wear clothes?"
"Don't you already do that?"
"Yes, but I mean when you're here, too. When we're awake."
I am frozen.
"Sorry, did I push it too far?"
I snap out of it. "Well...hmm...are you asking me if you can be naked in front of me?"
"Yes. I am hoping to not have to worry about covering up at all when home. It's not that I specifically want to be naked for you so you can stare at me. I just want to be myself in my own house and hope you'll be ok with that. I want to explore nudism more and be naked as much as I can. If you say no I completely understand."
I think for a minute. "You don't think it will be weird to walk around naked in front of me?"
Sam stands up, lifts the bottom of her dress over her head, and throws it on the floor. "Does this answer your question?"
I can't help but look at my completely naked daughter. I am a mixture of nervous, flabbergasted, and turned on. I again try to push that stuff out of my head, but it is very hard to do that. Her body is one of the nicest I have ever seen. She just stands there in complete silence looking at me looking at her, as if inviting me to keep looking. I look her up and down. Completely shaved. Her tits are a perfect medium size. After what seems like an eternity Sam says "no, I do not think this is weird. Do you?"
"A little."
She leans down, picks up her dress, and starts to put it back on.
"Wait. Don't. If you want to do this, then do it. I will learn to get used to it if this is what you really want and it makes you happy."
The biggest smile comes across her face and she again hugs me.
"Oh sorry, didn't think about that," she says, realizing her naked body is touching me.
"It's ok."
She stands back up. "Do you want to see it?"
"See what?"
"The butt plug, silly."
I had completely forgotten about that part. "Sure, why stop now?"
Sam smiles, turns around, bends a little at her waist, grabbing her thighs. I see it. A green jewel sticking out of my daughter's butt. I also realize I am seeing her pussy for the first time. She pulls it out, shows me, then puts is back in easily. She then does a little wiggle and turns back around.
"This is me, Dad. Your little weirdo."
"My little weirdo," I say back looking into her eyes.
I stand up and hug her. "I want you to be who you are. You don't have to hide anything with me."
"I love you, Daddy"
"I love you too, baby."
"Can we get back to dinner," Sam asks.
"Yes."
We sit back down, Sam still completely naked, and have dinner like the many times we have before. After a while I almost forget she is naked with a butt plug in her ass. Once in a while I glance at her body and one time she catches me. She just smiles.
"I am not going to be weirded out by you looking at me, just so you know. I don't expect you to never look at me again."
I just give an awkward half smile and don't say anything.
"I'm not stupid. I am a naked girl sitting right next to a man, albeit my dad. I know you will look. It's just how it is. I am not ashamed of my body and not embarrassed at all. I feel like I am in great shape and take care of myself. This is not for you. It's for me."
"That you are," I say. Realizing how that may have sounded I follow up. "Not that it matters, but yes, I agree. You are in great shape and should not be ashamed."
"If you were naked I would look at you too."
If I was naked I think to myself. Does she want me to be naked? Why is this arousing me more?
"Well, we can leave that to you as it what's you want. I very much like being clothed in front of my daughter."
"You don't have anything to be ashamed of either. You're in great shape."
"Well, thank you, but this is your thing. Not mine."
"Ok Dad. Just saying."
After dinner we clear the table and bring the dishes to the kitchen. Sam will usually help me with cleaning up. It's just that this time she is doing it completely naked. I start to get aroused again. I am trying to not be, but then think to myself what am I going to do, never be aroused one time with my beautiful naked daughter walking around all the time? I will just let it happen. I will try to feel less guilt over time. After cleanup she asks if I want to watch a movie.
"Sure. Anything in mind?"
"You pick," Sam says.
"I'll be right back. Bathroom."
Sam heads upstairs. I sit on the couch and turn on the TV. I decide to look for and play The Hangover, a movie we both love and watch a lot.
Sam comes back down the stairs, still naked. Not surprising. She sees The Hangover ready to go.
"Awesome! I haven't seen this in a while. Good pick."
It hits me. When we watch movies Sam will usually sit right next to me, and even most of the time have her head on my shoulder or get cuddled up next to me. I wonder to myself what will happen here. This time she sits on the other end of the sectional by herself, cross legged. I am both kind of relieved and somewhat sad. Does this mean things are going to change between us? Are we not going to be as close as we were because of this? I get a little sad thinking I will be a little more distant with my little girl.
I get up and turn off the lights. We start the movie. After a few minutes I catch her glace over at me. I just give a smile. She smiles back. After a few more minutes another look.
"Everything ok," I ask her.
"Yeah. It's just that usually when we watch a movie we cuddle up closer. I know we can't do that anymore because I am naked and your daughter. It just makes me a little sad. I was hoping nothing would change."
Before I say this next sentence I really think about it, and what it means. "It doesn't have to."
"Really," she asks excitedly.
"Really. If you want to come sit next to me that would be ok. Why change our habits? You said you are not embarrassed and don't feel like it's a big deal. I can try to do the same."
She immediately stands up, walks over, and sits down right next to me, shoulder to shoulder. She lays her head on my shoulder, looks up at me with her beautiful green eyes and smiles.
"Thanks, Dad."
After a while she starts shifting. "Is everything ok," I ask.
"I'm just a little cold, but it's fine."
I notice her nipples are a lot harder than they were earlier. I grab the blanket from the back of the couch and cover us in it.
"Thanks."
"No problem. Wouldn't want you to be cold."
I realize this means I won't get to look at her body, but also am partially relieved. It's an odd feeling of disappointment and arousal. After a while of watching the movie I can swear I feel her moving a little bit. Probably just scratching an itch. It continues.
"Everything ok," I ask.
"Yeah. Sorry. Just had an itch."
When she looks at me her face seems flusher than before. After a few minutes I notice it again, but this time not as much. Is she...touching herself under the blanket? This makes me hard as a rock. Luckily she is not near my lap and looking away from me. I shift to not make it as obvious. Is my daughter masturbating right next to me on this couch while leaning against me? I think to myself no way. It has to be something else or I am imagining it. After a while she lets out a sigh then what seems like a fake cough. Did she just orgasm and try to cover it up?
For the rest of the movie I am not even paying attention. I am just thinking about what happened, and all that happened earlier. I am in a complete daze. Is this what life will be like from now on? Is that ok? Is it ok if I think about my naked daughter masturbating and get turned on? After a while the movie ends and Sam says she's tired and going to head to bed. We stand up and she gives me the biggest hug.
"Goodnight, Daddy. Love you."
"Love you too, baby. See you tomorrow."
She walks up the stairs. I notice something sticking out of her ass that's different than earlier. Not the green jewel, but rather a piece of black rubber or something.
I sit down and watch a little TV to wind down for the night. After a while I start to get tired so I straighten up, put things away, turn everything off, and head upstairs to my room. As I am passing Sam's room I hear what sounds to be a faint moaning. Is she masturbating right now? Again? I stand and listen, knowing I shouldn't, but can't help it. She is moaning more and more.
"Right there, Daddy," she says.
What the hell, I think. Is she thinking about me while doing this? It's too much for me to handle. I unzip my pants, drop them to the floor and start stroking myself to the sound of my daughter moaning. I am so horny I finish in what seems like one minute. Cum goes all over the floor. Shit, I have to clean this up. I go to the bathroom and grab tissues, wet them, then come back. Sam must have heard the noise as when I bend down to clean up the mess she opens her door.
"Dad, what are you doing?"
"Oh, nothing. Just noticed a little stain and cleaning it up before I head to bed."
"Oh, ok," she says, with a little smile on her face. I wonder if she knows what I did.
She walks up and hugs me again. "Good night again, Daddy."
"Goodnight, baby."
She goes back into her room and shuts the door.
I go to my room, get into bed, and replay the events of the last few days in my head. I masturbate once more and fall right asleep.
I wake up and after using the bathroom I start to walk downstairs. I pass by Sam's room. The door is open and she's not inside. I get to the stairs and smell food. She must be making breakfast. I arrive at the kitchen and there is my daughter, in all her naked glory, cooking bacon and eggs. The green butt plug is back this time.
She turns around. "Morning Daddy. I thought you might like a nice breakfast after yesterday. I threw a lot at you and want you to know how appreciative I am that you are accepting of me and my quirks."
"Baby, I wouldn't ever not be. I will support you in anything."
She walks up and gives me a big hug, lingering a little longer than normal.
She finishes cooking and we sit down to eat.
"What are you going to do on this beautiful Saturday," I ask.
"Not much. I'm going to head over to Molly's and hang out. We may do some shopping and figure something else out."
After breakfast we clean up and she heads upstairs. After a while she comes down wearing yoga pants and a hoodie.
"Alright. I'm off to Molly's. I'll check in later."
"So, are you...?
"Yes and yes. But remember, I'll be careful."
"Ok. I just worry."
"That's sweet, but remember, I've been doing this for a while. I'm good."
"Ok. Will you be back for dinner?"
"I'll probably eat at Molly's or go out somewhere. I won't be back too late."
"Ok, sounds good. Be safe. Love you."
"Love you too," as she heads out the door. My butt-plugged commando daughter. I'm guessing she probably isn't wearing anything under the hoodie either. I wonder if her friends know about any of this.
After an uneventful day I am winding down watching TV. It's late and Sam arrives home. As soon as she steps inside she takes off her hoodie. No shirt or bra underneath as I suspected. She then takes off her yoga pants. No underwear. She comes and sits next to me on the couch. We talk about her day and I let her know that I pretty much did nothing except some chores and stuff, watched some TV.
"Dad?"
"Yes?"
"I was thinking..."
Ok. What now, I think to myself.
"You already know I go outside at night sometimes. I was wondering if maybe you wanted to go with me? Maybe tonight?"
"I don't know about that Sam. It's one thing knowing you do it, but it's another to be with you. What if we're seen? How would I explain that? Besides, there is no way I am getting naked and going outside."
"I'm not asking you to be naked. Just to come with. I actually prefer you to be clothed if you come with. I kind of like it. It will really emphasize my nudity to be with a clothed person."
"You're serious?"
"Yes."
I think about it for a while. The thought of walking around outside with my naked daughter immediately arouses me. Can I really do this? Is this crossing a line? Taking it out of our house and into the world.
"Ok."
"Yes? You'll come with me?"
"Yes, I will come with you."
She is so happy and gives me a big tight hug.
"It's 11:30. Probably a little too early."
"Yeah. I usually do it around 1am or so. I never see anyone around that time."
"How about we watch a movie?"
"Sure," Sam says. "How about The Great Outdoors?"
She looks at me and we both laugh.
"The Great Outdoors it is."
I find it and we start watching. Sam, sitting next to me, lays her head on my shoulder. After a while I realize she is not needing or asking for a blanket. She must not be cold. The movie finishes and it's a little after 1am.
"Well..." I say.
"I'm ready if you are," Sam says, smiling.
"So, what do we do," I ask.
"Well, I typically go into the backyard and just hang for a little bit and enjoy the air on my body, making sure I can't hear anything going on. Then I walk along the side of the house toward the front and stay there for a bit, monitoring the situation."
Like a solider scouting the enemy I think to myself.
"After a while I will slowly walk out toward the front and make sure there's no one around. I have never seen anyone this late, but check just in case. If I don't see anyone I will walk along the sidewalk. Sometimes I don't go far. Sometimes I keep going farther."
I walk behind my naked daughter and notice a red jeweled butt plug this time.
"Don't your feet hurt?"
"No, I'm used to it. And plus the feeling of the pavement on my bare feet really makes me realize how naked I am. It adds to the excitement. If it were legal I would live like this the rest of my life."
That last sentence really hits me. My daughter would want to be naked for the rest of her life?
After a while I ask "time to go back inside?"
She turns back toward me, smiles, and says "not even close. We are going to the park."
"The one where you were arrested? No way."
"Dad, we'll be very careful. Plus, I'll have you to look out for me so I won't be surprised again."
I decide to go with the flow. "Ok. But if we see even one car we are out of there."
"Deal," she says.
Luckily we live in a small town where it's completely dead late at night. I realize how crazy this is as Sam is walking along the sidewalk, not some back unseen path or something. I wonder if anyone has ever seen her from their windows, but no lights are on in any house we pass. We get to the park after a short uneventful walk. As we arrive she runs in and starts on the swing. Seeing my naked daughter swinging is a sight to behold. After a few minutes of that she gets out and starts running around, like a dog playing. I guess she is just happy be naked outside. After a little of that she sits down on the slide. THE slide.
She just looks around.
"Dad?"
"Yes?"
"I don't really know of any other way to ask this, but...would you mind if I, you know?"
"Are you asking me if you can masturbate right now?"
"Yes. I am very turned on right now. We already talked about us being adults and knowing we both masturbate. I just want to do it here again."
"I don't know, Sam. You were arrested last time."
"Nothing will happen this time," she says. "I trust my lookout."
"Ok, fine. Go ahead. I will go sit over there and turn around. Try not to be loud."
"You don't have to."
"What do you mean?"
"You don't have to turn around and go over there. You can stay here if you want."
"You want me to watch you masturbate?"
"Yes, Dad. Will you please watch me masturbate? I think it will be very hot."
I am again completely shocked. It's one thing to see my daughter naked and be outside with her naked. But watch her pleasure herself? The though excites me and worries me tremendously at the same time. If we are caught I will be so fucked. How would I explain this? After all the thinking, my horniness takes over.
"Ok, I will watch. Hurry up."
"Dad, I want to enjoy this. I'm not going to rush it."
She licks her fingers then lightly rubs her clit for a bit. She inserts a finger, then two. It looks like she is in total ecstasy, alternating between rubbing her clit and fingering herself, holding her balance with her other hand. She lifts her legs up and spreads them as wide as she can. She is completely spread eagle, right in front of me, sitting on the edge of the slide, rubbing and fingering herself while looking me straight in the eyes. After a while she then looks down toward my pants. I know she can see my hard dick through my jeans. She looks back up at me, then back down again. Does she want me to take my dick out? Without thinking more I move my hand toward my zipper and she lets out a little moan, still rubbing herself.
"Yes, please," she says.
I take my dick out. It's hard as a rock. I start stroking myself while watching my daughter masturbate. She climaxes and lets out a loud moan, her body trembling for probably a minute. I look around and hope no one heard. That's enough for me and I start to go faster and moan. I close my eyes and let out what feels like the most cum I have ever let out. I open my eyes and, to my astonishment, Sam is kneeling right in front of me. I didn't hear her get up off the slide or come near me. She has my cum all over her face and hair, and has the biggest smile on her face, looking me right in the eyes.
"Oh no! What did you do?"
"I was so caught up in the moment and it was just a reflex. I wanted to have your cum on me."
"Baby. No. This is really wrong."
"Worse than walking with me to the park while naked and watching me masturbate?"
"Yes. That was just watching. Now this is different."
While we are talking my cum is still all over her. She stands up.
"Dad. This was the hottest thing that's ever happened in my entire life."
I don't know what to say next.
"How about we go back home," Sam asks.
"That sounds good to me. How are we going to get you cleaned up?"
"No need. I like it. I want to leave it for the walk home."
"You want to walk back home, naked, with my cum all over your face?"
"Yes."
"Well, ok. Let's get back quick, then."
We head out of the park. As we are walking I notice her take a finger to her face, scoop some of my cum, then lick her finger. I don't say a word. After another minute or so I notice her reach behind herself, grab her butt plug, and pull it out. It is a lot larger than I thought it would be. It has to be nearly 3 inches wide. Without looking over at me she takes it to her mouth and starts licking it and sucking on it. I stop dead in my tracks. Sam also stops.
"Does this weird you out?"
"That was just in your ass. And you're...licking it?"
"Yes. It turns me on to taste myself. I am not ever going to hold anything back from you from now on. I think we are past that," she says with a smile while pointing to my cum on her face.
"How much more can there be?"
"In due time, Dad."
With all I've seen I am really wondering what she means by that.
We get home and once inside I notice that all my cum has dried on her face.
"Well, I think I'm going to take a shower then go to bed. Can't sleep with this all over me," pointing to the cum with that perfect smile of hers. "Or can I?" She is thinking to herself for a few seconds.
"You know what? I have never had the opportunity to do this before. I am going to leave this cum on me and go to bed. Just saying that makes me super horny again. I can wash my sheets tomorrow after I wake up."
"At this point nothing I am seeing or hearing is shocking anymore," I say. "If that's what you want to do then don't let me stop you. I still think it's weird that my daughter not only has my cum on her face, but now likes it so much that she wants to leave it on when she goes to sleep."
"It's not just that it's your cum, Daddy. It's just that it's cum, period. I have received facials before, even a bukkake, and left the cum on for a while, but never got to leave it while sleeping. I want to take advantage of this opportunity."
A bukkake! My mind is racing. My daughter just told me she has had a bunch of men cum all over her. I should not be as surprised as I am. Now I am wondering to myself what else my daughter has done sexually. She just admitted she has received facials and a bukkake. That means she's probably at least given blowjobs and most likely had sex. I wonder what else I will be learning about. Up until recently I had no clue that my daughter was like this. For all I knew she would hang out with friends, hang out with me, and everything was very normal. Now she has this secret life I am learning about.
"Alright, well good night then," I say to her.
"Goodnight, Daddy."
She then jogs up the stairs straight into her room. I am betting she will masturbate at least once more before going to bed. I turn all the lights off and head upstairs. I stop outside Sam's room and I am right. She is moaning, this time louder than the last. She is not ashamed if I hear now. I'm wondering why the door is even closed. I once again drop my pants and join her. When I finish this time I catch my cum in my hand. I am ready to walk to the bathroom to wash it off and don't know what comes over me. I knock on her door. The moaning stops and I hear her walk up. The door opens. Sam, flush and sweaty, my dried cum still on her face, "everything ok, Daddy?"
She looks down and sees my pants around my ankles, dick out, then back up at me and smiles. I hold out my hand, with a good amount of cum on it. I don't say a word. She looks at it then back up at me. She slightly opens her mouth.
"Oh my god, Daddy. Is that for me?"
"Yes."
She leans toward me with her face out. I take the hint and rub my fresh cum all over her face, making sure I cover as much as I can. I finish and step back. We just stare at each other. Without saying a word Sam steps back and closes her door. I just stand there thinking about what I have done. I hear her moaning again. I just stand there and listen.
"Thank you Daddy! Thank you Daddy," I keep hearing. I then hear a loud guttural moan as she orgasms.
I pull my pants up and go to my room. I get undressed, get into bed, and sit there wondering what has happened to me, what will happen to me, until I fall asleep.