Emily finds herself back in a strange parallel world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced. This is a sequel to Emily 2.0. While there is a recap in this chapter, it is recommended to read Emily 2.0 first.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
*****
The moment Emily stepped off the starship, she began to regret going along with the chain of events that had led to this moment, despite also being deeply aroused by the experience. She was completely naked once again, wearing only a black collar with a gold tag engraved with '7GQA9E', which would be the only name she would be known by while in this strange parallel world they had come to refer to as Earth 2. The collar also held the envoy insignia, a diplomatic rank, and a promotion from her previous rank of captain. However, she knew it came with no immunity to the way all women were treated here. That was the deal in this world. Women had to be naked and collared, and they had to obey a series of commands from men to graphically display their bodies and make themselves available for sex. Being naked and having sex with any man who wanted her wasn't what had her aroused as such. It was the humiliation of it, and the lack of choice, that had her pulse racing. But knowing that about herself didn't make it any easier to accept it, or to want it. Her mind was a rollercoaster. A part of her felt like she was about to pass out from the shame. At the same time, it triggered something dark and delicious within her that made her tingle all over.
"Something wrong, 7GQA9E?" Collingwood asked. Rod Collingwood was the ship's chief engineer, as well as her lover, friend, and now self-appointed handler. It was his fault she was here again.
"I-I don't think I can do this after all, Rod," she replied. "This was a mistake. I think I want to go back. I don't care if they court-martial me. This is too much."
"Nonsense! You know you want this. Well, maybe your rational brain doesn't, but the other part of you certainly does," he assured her.
"I don't want that part of me anymore. There must be some therapy or something I can get. This is so wrong on so many levels. No sane woman should be doing this," she bewailed.
"Are you saying that you think all of the women here are insane and that you're the only sane one?" he scoffed.
Emily glanced at his face and the fading effects of a bruised cheek bone that she'd given him in a moment of exasperation with his behaviour. It made her smile briefly to herself.
"This isn't my world, Rod, and you know that."
"Isn't that the point, 7GQA9E?" he asked. "Would you enjoy the things you have to do here quite as much if you thought the same way as every other woman here?"
"Fine. It's not like I could actually go back anyway. I was just wishing, I guess."
"Yes, too late for that now," he agreed. "It's just nerves. It'll pass."
That was an understatement. It felt like her heart was about to jump out of her chest. Knowing that this time it would almost certainly be many years before she would wear clothes again was an overwhelming thought. She felt dizzy at the realisation that it was actually happening.
"I bet you're also seriously turned on, though, am I right?" he added.
She didn't want to answer that at first, but dammit he was right. She was dripping wet.
"Yes," she admitted, without even attempting to elaborate. He had orchestrated all of this, so she didn't want him feeling too pleased with himself about it.
*****
She thought back to her first visit to this strange place and how she came to be here for a second time. The first time had happened quite accidentally during a flight to test out a new faster-than-light hyperdrive system, developed primarily by Collingwood. At first, the mission appeared to be successful. After launching some 4000 light years into deep space, which was much, much further than they expected, they were thankfully able to use the hyperdrive for a second time to navigate a return flight to Earth. After touching down, they were greeted by a cheering crowd led by General McAllister. That's when things started to get screwy. The General appeared to be confused. He completely ignored Emily at first and assumed Collingwood was the ship's captain instead of her. Then he noticed her presence, appeared to be offended that she was clothed, and had her arrested for it! Emily's first thought was that it was an elaborate and sexist prank, but that was soon dismissed when she was forcefully stripped and caned by the arresting officers, and then put in a cell. It was obvious by then that it wasn't a prank at all, the General wasn't the same General she knew, and this place wasn't her home. Somehow the hyperdrive system had taken them to a parallel world, which was something even Collingwood had assumed was purely within the realms of science fiction.
The following day, things got even worse. She was put through a ceremony that the locals referred to as 'Debutante', which she quickly learned wasn't an excuse to dress up in ball gowns and learn some old dances like the debutante balls on her home world. It wasn't even a ball at all. There was no dancing. Instead, women coming of age would shed their clothes to begin a life of permanent nudity. If that wasn't appalling enough on its own, they also gave up their names and were assigned six-digit alphanumeric combinations instead, which would become their sole identities from that moment on. These new 'names' were engraved on gold tags and fixed to leather collars, which was the sum total of clothing they would wear from then on. After that part of the ceremony, each woman was then gang-banged. All of this happened in front of an audience and was televised live.
Following Debutante, Emily was put through a four-week course where she was taught "proper feminine behaviour", chief amongst which were 'the Commands', which all women were required to obey any time any man gave them, no matter where it was or what she was doing. These were eight specific directions a man could give to a woman to display herself or perform sexual acts. Sex was impersonal and very public in this place, to say the least.
The first of the Commands was 'Present'. In this one a woman was supposed to stand with her legs slightly wider than shoulder width and her hands behind her back. The hardest part about it for Emily was resisting the urge to cover herself while a man allowed his eyes to roam all over her exposed body. Even pubic hair was a no-no here, and daily shaving was a ritual every woman was familiar with. If a man liked what he saw, he sometimes gave the 'Come' command, which meant she had to follow him, keeping her hands behind her back, wherever he wanted to take her. That usually meant that he wanted to have sex with her in another location.
The third was 'Sit'. Here a woman would be expected to go into a squat position with her hands behind her neck. Knees were spread apart as far as possible, and elbows were to be kept high and wide. It left nothing to the imagination, but arguably the more difficult aspect was keeping balance, especially in heels. It took practice.
'Display' was possibly the most degrading of the pose commands. A woman was meant to bend over with her legs parted and use her hands to spread her buttocks and labia open. The worst part of this one was that it was often more than just a pose. A man could then choose to 'couple' with her, meaning fuck, either vaginally or anally as he preferred. She got no say in it, and why would she want one anyway? She was giving the gift of her body after all, and what was a gift if it came with conditions? That was the attitude they all had here, even the women. Prior to arriving on Earth 2, Emily hadn't done anal, apart from one time with an adventurous boyfriend in college. She had hated it and decided it would never happen again. Now it was so common for her that she had lost count of how many times she had done it, and it didn't even register anymore as something she didn't like doing.
'Kneel' meant a woman had to kneel with her knees apart and hands behind her back. Perhaps innocuous enough on its own, all other things considered, but it was usually followed by the command to 'Open'. That meant she had to open her mouth, which often meant that he wanted a blowjob. If he did, he would either drop his pants or unzip, and then offer his penis to her. Hands had to stay behind the woman's back while she took him into her mouth and throat, and then she was expected to swallow his ghastly mess afterwards. To spit it out was considered an insult.
'Lay' was almost the standard missionary position. She had to lay on her back, holding her knees to spread herself as wide as humanly possible. Receiving this command definitely meant she was about to be coupled with. Thankfully this one usually came after 'Come' where a woman would be taken somewhere more comfortable, which usually meant a bed, or at least somewhere soft. Unlike 'Face Down' which could happen anywhere. Emily remembered her first 'Face Down'. It was on a footpath in the food district downtown. She was on her knees and bent over, holding her buttocks and labia open while a man fucked her doggy style right there in the street in front of everyone. She remembered her breasts raking uncomfortably on the concrete, so she had tried to support herself using her hands, only to have 4NRP4W, her assigned social worker and guide, remind her to keep her hands on her butt cheeks while this stranger did his business.
The more astonishing aspect of all of this was that the women in this world didn't object to any of it. Quite the opposite in fact. Girls looked forward to their Debutante with excitement when they would be "revealed" at last and begin serving society. Emily guessed that anything could be considered normal if it had been done long enough, even a society as debased as this one appeared to be at first glance. It was the second glance where things started to get a little more complicated than they first appeared. There were several upsides once you got past the moral outrage and social conditioning of an Earth 1 upbringing. There was almost no crime, and women were safe to walk the streets without fear of harassment, being groped, or any non-consensual contact, or even unsolicited comments, despite being completely naked. Well, that's if you considered 'the commands' as consensual, but outside of those, women were left alone. Men were always polite. There was no slut-shaming, body-shaming, or sexism. Women also had all of their financial needs met so they didn't have to work. The downside of that was that the science and industrial occupations of this world were male-dominated, while the arts were female-dominated. That meant that a woman often had difficulty advancing in an academic career against her male counterparts, even if she was gifted in the area. It wasn't a glass ceiling as such. It was more that those in positions of power, both male and female, tended to forget that a woman might want something more, since all of her needs were so well met already.
Another upside was that the people here took the environment very seriously, so climate change wasn't an issue like it was back on her home world. However, that environmental policy also caused Emily and her crew a major headache, as would unfold just after their arrival. Both the hyperdrive and their thruster system required very particular types of fuel, and the problem with that was that they didn't use fossil fuels in this world. They didn't even mine them. Another problem was that Collingwood didn't have the knowledge or technology required to plot a course back home, so they were effectively marooned.
It had taken a bit over two years to solve all of that, which meant Emily had to adapt to the Earth 2 culture and conditions whether she liked it or not. She felt out of place and all alone, so it was probably no surprise then that she and Collingwood became lovers despite their differences. She also formed a close friendship with Madison, locally known as 4D9Y2Y, which later became romantic as well. Emily probably would never have considered having a sexual relationship with a woman back on her own world, but here everything was different, and she had changed.
Those changes went much further than Emily could ever have imagined. Somewhere along the way, something had gone very wrong, or very right depending on how you looked at it. She wasn't quite sure if something had snapped in her brain as some sort of coping mechanism, or if it had been there all along, but she started enjoying her own debasement. There was no denying it. She suddenly realised that she was getting off on being forced to expose herself and the other disgusting things she was made to do on a daily basis. It made her head spin, and she was addicted to the adrenaline. That didn't mean she liked the things that caused those feelings within her. She hated them intensely, despite also loving every second of them.
So, when they were finally able to return to her home world, she was thankful to put it all behind her. Clothes never felt so good, and not hearing the commands from male strangers was definitely most welcome. However, a part of her also missed the rush, and she soon began trying to relive her Earth 2 experiences within the privacy of her home. She shed her clothes and re-enacted the commands, fantasising that men were giving them to her. Doing it solo wasn't quite hitting the mark so she had shared her kink with Collingwood in the hope that he would play along with the fantasy, having little idea at that point just how much of a self-centred and manipulative dick he could be. She was soon to find out.
While a genius academically, Collingwood had the emotional maturity of a schoolboy. He got jealous seeing her with other men on Earth 2, and completely lost his mind when she had fallen pregnant, which was inevitable. Getting pregnant there was expected of women, and every woman's womb was flooded with sperm by different men almost on a daily basis. Her Earth 1 birth control implant was only going to last so long after all. When it happened, he fell into a sulk and refused to speak to her for almost a full year, despite understanding that it was hardly her fault. During that time, he invented a short-range teleporter based on the same technology used in the hyperdrive. Once their conflict was resolved and they started speaking again, which ironically came as a result of an appalling drunken display where he had attempted to humiliate her in front of the Earth 1 team, he then decided to use the teleporter to implant an IUD into her womb without telling her about it. It was a blessing as it turned out, and she would have consented to it if he had only asked her. There was no birth control on Earth 2, apart from the IUDs which were given to women when they turned 34 and had moved beyond reproductive age. They then received silver tags on their collars in place of the gold ones, which meant they were now 'Mothers', charged with raising the offspring of the younger women so they could continue on with the important task of reproducing.
The thing was, he hadn't asked her. That was the outrage. He just didn't comprehend that he could do something like that without her consent. In his mind, he didn't want Emily to get pregnant and he knew that she wouldn't want to either, so it was a no-brainer.
The Earth 2 doctors discovered the IUD's presence during her first visit, which was how Emily became aware of it as well. While it infuriated her not knowing how it got there, it was welcome, at least until she could get back to her home world. However, being illegal for her age group, they then insisted she have it removed. They would also 'enhance the petals of her womanhood' to increase her pleasure in coupling while they were at it. 'Enhancing the petals of her womanhood' was a high-tech combination of hormones and gene therapy designed to stimulate a second puberty, which would make her genitals more sensitive and increase her pleasure during coupling. Well, that was the theory anyway. To Emily it sounded completely abhorrent. At the same time, her masochistic side was intrigued by the idea that something abhorrent could be forced upon her, modifying her body to become a better fuck toy. Luckily, she was able to fast-talk them into delaying both procedures. She then assumed that going home would be the end of it. Unfortunately, she came back.
So why did she ever come back to Earth 2 anyway if she knew she might be facing that, amongst all of the other horrors of this place? Well, that was all Collingwood. He had tricked her into it by leading her to believe that she was being stationed back on Earth 2 by the military and she had no choice about it. The thing was, she did have a choice, right up until Collingwood went behind her back and told the General about her kink, convincing him that she was right for the job. She had shown up assuming it was a done deal already and had gone along with performing the Earth 2 commands for the General. After that, little doubt remained in his mind that she was right for the position, and he had then insisted on it. She was cornered into it, and Collingwood had manipulated events to ensure it happened. The combination of that and the IUD situation, which Collingwood eventually confessed to, earned him a punch in the face at long last, but by then the damage was done and she was on her way back, like it or not.
That's how she found herself back here, permanently naked, following the commands, and being any man's fuck toy once again. Just like the IUD, he'd made the decision for her. He knew very well that she would reject the offer based on her sensibilities, but her sexual side wanted it desperately. He was right about that. Damn him. He'd also decided he was going to be her handler from then on and she accepted it, ironically due to knowing that she needed someone to push her into doing degrading things in order to trigger her kink and get the rush, since her rational brain would never allow her to do those things voluntarily. On that basis he was perfect for the role. That didn't mean she was entirely happy about it, or that she had any idea how bad it might get...
*****
Several jeeps had pulled up around the ship to greet them. The Earth 2 General stood in front of one, smiling widely.
"Captain 7GQA9E and Chief Engineer Collingwood! It is a pleasure to see you again," he greeted.
"Greetings from Earth 1, sir," Emily saluted. "My apologies for the lack of forewarning that we were coming. Collingwood has some ideas for a comms system between our worlds which should help to that end in future."
"Yes, greetings, sir," Collingwood added, also saluting.
"It is no trouble, and understood," the General replied to Emily. "You were expected. We just did not know when. I would like to hear more about this comms concept in due course. So, what do you need?"
"We have much to discuss," Emily replied. "I have been promoted to the position of envoy, and my superiors would like to establish a consulate here, assuming you are agreeable. They, of course, extend the same courtesy to you to send a delegation to our world on a permanent basis as well."
"My apologies," the General responded. "I did not see the envoy insignia on your collar at first. Welcome, Envoy 7GQA9E. I assume the establishment of consulates was one of many things the Master negotiated with your people. Yes, I am agreeable. We can begin construction of a barracks and offices at once, along with anything else you need."
"General McAlister," the Master greeted, emerging suddenly and silently from the ship's airlock behind Emily and Collingwood, causing them both to jump. "Yes, Envoy 7GQA9E and Chief Engineer Collingwood have the particulars as discussed with their world's officials."
The Master, also known as James P. Logan, was a curious character of this world who had joined Emily on her return to Earth 1 to establish a trade agreement. He was a slightly sweaty older man who led a mysterious shadow organisation known as 'the Watchers'. His odd behaviour and mannerisms, such as his preference to be addressed as 'the Master', were generally accepted and tolerated as eccentricity, or perhaps some form of neurodiversity. Little was known about him, yet he commanded a level of respect, particularly from the General. Emily had also come to respect his wisdom. She had been inducted into the Watchers on her previous visit when she learned that at the heart of all of the female nudity and commands was an agreement between the sexes that went back centuries. He was particularly helpful in teaching her to understand that her sexual services were a gift she gave as part of that agreement rather than something that was forced upon her. He later also helped her come to terms with her humiliation kink, explaining that it was not selfish to take pleasure in giving the gift, it enhanced it and made it all the more precious. Emily had tried to accept it on that basis but still struggled with it. Her rational brain was still appalled to perform tasks that she regarded as degrading, especially when it was witnessed by people she knew from her own world, and to feel pleasure in the resulting humiliation.
"Shall we proceed to my office to discuss it then?" the General suggested.
"Lead the way, sir," Emily replied with a smile.
"I shall retire to my headquarters. I will debrief you of other matters in due course, Ben," the Master informed the General.
"Of course, Master," the General responded. "I imagine you must be tired. My car and driver are at your disposal as usual."
"Good, good," the Master responded. "I shall bid you all a good day then."
The trio watched him walk away towards the motor pool as they continued on to the General's office. Emily was keenly aware of her nudity once again as she walked beside them. It had been a little over a month since she last experienced the sensation outdoors amongst company, and it felt new again.
"I assume our ways are to be respected by all visitors?" the General asked as they entered his office.
"Of course, sir," Emily replied. "All personnel to be stationed here will be debriefed prior to arrival. I assume female personnel will be expected to attend Debutante?"
"Ahh, yes. A Debutante and the training is a very good idea for them," he agreed. "It is still so strange to me that it is not practised on your world, and women remain clothed as men. It seems so... well, barbaric. I cannot begin to imagine how a woman would accept such an existence without feeling deeply offended that her beauty should be covered up."
"It takes some getting used to," Emily lied. It was easier to go along with him than to try to undo a lifetime of social conditioning. That would take far too long and there were more important things to discuss. Not that it would do any good anyway. Emily's previous attempt to explain bodily autonomy and sexual equality to him had only served to arouse him when he realised that she was humiliated and repulsed by the duties of womanhood in his world, but she did them anyway.
"I have missed you and your amazing oral coupling," the General openly confessed.
"She has been keeping in practice, sir," Collingwood butted in with a smile. "Your counterpart on our Earth availed himself of the opportunity to enjoy her services as well."
Emily gulped as she remembered the merciless face-fucking the Earth 1 General had given her prior to sending her back here. He hadn't understood the spirit of the commands and had forced himself on her rather than offering himself and allowing her to do the work. The Earth 2 General, while physically identical apart from a somewhat leaner physique, had grown up here and was far gentler. However, he did tend to take women's services for granted and could be dismissive, at least from Emily's perspective. He thought nothing of carrying on a conversation with someone while she performed fellatio on him or posed in the 'Sit' position in the same room. His eyes would be on her as he spoke with the other party, not in the least bit apologetic about what was happening, as if what she was doing was nothing out of the ordinary, which to him it wasn't. It was completely normal to have a naked woman posing for him in his office or sucking on his cock while he carried out his other business. They were all like that here.
"Are you able to 'Kneel' and 'Open' then, Envoy 7GQA9E?" the General asked tentatively.
Emily knew this was coming and was prepared for it. She found it interesting that the General wasn't completely confident in his request. She guessed that he wasn't sure it was appropriate, considering her new position as the Earth 1 envoy representing the very different Earth 1 culture. However, she was naked and collared according to the Earth 2 customs, and they had just mentioned that she was keeping in practice, so he assumed it was at least safe to ask. Still, she didn't want to perform the task in front of Collingwood and give him the satisfaction of seeing it, as much as that would add to the exhilaration of the experience once her kink kicked in. With all that being said, her rational brain paused as she considered what she was about to do. This was a defining moment. This was giving in to it. More than that. This was accepting what she had become and embracing it, possibly forever. There would be no going back.
She looked briefly at Collingwood, and he just nodded towards the General's waistline in response. There was no getting out of it. There was only one thing she could do.
"Of course, sir," Emily responded as she got down onto her knees, placed her hands behind her back and looked up at him with her mouth open. The General immediately unzipped and presented his flaccid penis to her. It quickly hardened as she took him into her mouth. It was done. She was now the thing that she loathed becoming - a permanently naked fuck toy who would do anything any man asked. The thought immediately intoxicated her. A warmth spread through her core and out to her limbs, especially as Collingwood and the General continued discussing other matters as if she wasn't there, wasn't naked, and wasn't blowing one of them with her hands behind her back.
"Tell me about this comms system you mentioned, Chief Engineer," the General began as he watched his cock disappearing down Emily's throat, her eyes wide as she looked up at him. He had a reasonable view of her breasts as well, and an occasional glimpse of her hairless pussy between her spread knees as she rocked back and forth with her work. She was breathtakingly beautiful, but more importantly, few women could match her enthusiasm, or quite get the depth she managed. It was heavenly.
"Ah yes," Collingwood replied. "I have a hypothesis involving the development of, well let's call it a stationary hyperdrive, in combination with lasers, which would allow communication between our worlds. One issue is that jumping multiple worlds at once, as you know, requires the vastness of space and a return flight. However, it may be possible to install a deep space satellite to act as a relay station. I believe I can effectively launch the beam through hyperspace from here to the relay station and then to our Earth, and vice versa, allowing voice or video communication with mere seconds of delay."
"Very interesting. Yes, it could prove useful for our worlds to be able to communicate, particularly when we both have established consulates," the General acknowledged, his eyes crossing slightly as he looked back down at Emily. "Oh my, how I've missed this, 7GQA9E."
Emily smiled and continued her work, knowing he was getting close to orgasm now. Earth 2 men usually didn't take long. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she considered what she was doing. She was the only one naked in the room, and she was wearing a collar like a trained animal. And like a trained animal, she was demonstrating complete obedience, which in this case meant following a command to blow a guy while another looked on. She tried to think of herself selflessly "giving the gift" but it was no use. She was turned on by her humiliation and it seemed there would be no changing that.
"Indeed, sir," Collingwood replied. "In return for your financing and assistance, those back on our Earth would like to extend an invitation to take advantage of our weapons technology to upgrade the ships. With exploration of the multiverse now imminent, they believe we should be prepared for the possibility of hostile worlds we may come across."
"I concur, and our resources are at your disposal, Chief Engineer," the General assured him, involuntarily grunting as Emily worked her magic. "The Master will bring our government representatives up to speed in due course, but I envisage no difficulties in providing you with everything you need."
"Excellent! A more pressing matter, sir, is for 7GQA9E to receive genital enhancing therapy," Collingwood added, changing the subject somewhat. "She was promised it when we were last here, but unfortunately we had to depart before she could proceed with it."
Emily choked at that, causing the General to look down at her in some confusion while simultaneously blowing his load. She spluttered at the incoming semen but quickly recovered enough to commence swallowing deeply to increase his final pleasure.
"Have you been experiencing difficulties achieving orgasm during coupling, 7GQA9E?" he asked as he zipped up and Emily returned to the 'Present' position. "I am sorry I was unaware."
"Um... sometimes, yes, sir," Emily replied while giving Collingwood a foul look. Well, it wasn't that she had any difficulty having an orgasm. It was more that Earth 2 guys were so quick, and they generally didn't care whether she had one or not. The bigger issue here was that she had hoped to avoid receiving the therapy, and Collingwood knew that. The bastard... Once again, he was making decisions about her without discussing it with her first.
"If you'll observe, sir," Collingwood interjected. "She has a rather small clitoris, which I believe is the cause of the problem."
What the fuck?
"Is that correct?" the General asked, turning back to Emily. "Again, I am sorry I had not noticed. 7GQA9E, if you could 'Display'?"
Her face reddening further, Emily turned her back to the General, bent over and spread her buttocks and labia for him as dictated by the command. Collingwood came in closer as well so that both men's faces were within inches of Emily's open genitalia.
"You see there," Collingwood began, pointing towards Emily's clitoris. "The clitoral hood is somewhat excessive, or perhaps normal and it is more that her clitoris is disproportionately small and underdeveloped. Her labia minora, while considered by some to be excessive already, I believe may be somewhat stunted as well. For whatever reason, I believe her puberty may have been interrupted prematurely."
Are you fucking kidding me??
"Yes, I believe you are correct, Chief Engineer." the General agreed. "There are rather obvious signs of arousal here too. It is surprising she has difficulties climaxing. No problems. I shall have my secretary tee things up so that there is no delay."
I'm seriously going to fucking kill him!
"7GQA9E, you may return to the 'Present' position," the General finally instructed, rising to stand once again before returning to his desk where he commenced writing something down. "You must come and see me as soon as you have recovered. It is a beautiful thing to behold, and women gain so much more pleasure in coupling."
"Arr... Yes, sir, I will," Emily replied.
Like I get a choice. Fucking Collingwood must die!
"Are there any other matters you would like to address before we adjourn?" the General asked, seemingly oblivious to any discomfort Emily may have experienced in having her genitals inspected by two male colleagues, and in what would normally be a completely inappropriate setting. Well, at least it would be inappropriate where Emily was from.
"Well, our superiors are extremely enthusiastic to begin construction of more ships," Emily began, still red-faced but forcing her mind back to business and the reason she was sent here. "They consider it would be advantageous to do that here, with parallel worlds still being very much top secret on our world. The Master negotiated a joint effort, with construction crews and scientists from our world joining forces with yours, plus whatever other resources we can provide. The previous hangar should be sufficient to begin with, but we may need to expand in due course."
"Strangely, I was going to ask you that very thing," the General nodded. "We too seek to expand our fleet of hyperdrive equipped vessels, but we require Chief Engineer Collingwood's assistance and other technology we are unfamiliar with. Your weapons technology, for example, will be most welcome. I imagine your mining technology may be superior to ours as well."
"Indeed, sir," Emily replied. "The mining possibilities represented by infinite and uninhabited worlds is endless, which is a large part of the reason this technology and information remains top secret in our world. In the wrong hands it could quite easily lead to the collapse of economies and even our government itself. Your government and social and economic structure make you far less vulnerable to a limitless influx of natural resources."
"I understand," the General replied. "Well, yes, the hangar remains uncommissioned since your departure. I will assign a team to join yours so we can get things underway as soon as possible."
"Also, regarding the interworld comms system, sir," Collingwood began. "Another related idea I'm working on is a hand-held hyperdrive. I have had success with the short-range teleportation of small objects within the same reality. This in itself may have applications in the mining and medical sectors, but I believe a variation of it could also work for a whole human body. My one sticking point is that my experiments thus far have only been successful with non-living matter. However, should I solve the issue, it may allow instantaneous travel within the same world, as well as jumping to other worlds without the requirement of a ship. Well, it would not be capable of jumping multiple worlds, only one at a time in either direction, but I'm sure that will have its benefits."
The General leaned back in his chair and looked up at the ceiling for several moments as he considered the possibilities.
"The applications of such a device would be numerous," he gasped before turning back to Collingwood. "Yes, you have my approval to proceed. Your old lab is as you left it. Please feel welcome to re-establish yourself within it and requisition anything you require."
"Thank you, sir," Collingwood responded.
"Yes, thank you, sir," Emily added. "On another note, will our previous living quarters be available to us once again? We are able to live comfortably on the ship if there's any problems, at least in the short term."
"I am sure Chief Engineer Collingwood's bunk remains as before," the General replied. "I am not so sure that your old room downtown is still available, but we have since recommissioned another building on the base to act as female quarters, if that is acceptable on a temporary basis? We will plan something more fitting for you as your Earth's envoy within the new consulate in due course."
"Thank you, sir. Yes, that will be acceptable," Emily agreed.
"Very well, I will summon your old friend 4D9Y2Y to provide an induction to the quarters for you. I am sure she will be very pleased to see you."
Madison!
"Thank you, sir," Emily replied, her face breaking into a smile. Seeing Madison again was one major upside to coming back to this world. "I am very much looking forward to seeing her too!"
Outside the office, Emily's mind returned to Collingwood's antics just prior. She turned to him, her eyes smouldering with fury.
"Do you need another punch in the face, Rod?" she began. "I told you I wanted to avoid getting that procedure if I could, but there you go making decisions about me without consulting me first again."
"I figured it was my duty as your handler, 7GQ," he shrugged. "C'mon, don't be like that. This will be good for you, you'll see. You saw how the General's face lit up when I mentioned it. Women who have had it are considered goddesses here. It's going to make you very popular."
"Like I want any more attention than I already get!" she protested.
"And you love that as much as you hate it," he countered. "It's another of those things that you can't choose for yourself, but you desperately want it, so you need someone to make the decision for you."
"And what was with the fucking medical examination in there?" she questioned, ignoring Collingwood's rationalisations since she was sure he knew very well already that what he had done was contrary to their agreement. "Are you trying to see if it's literally possible to kill me with humiliation?"
"Ahh yes, a stroke of genius, I believe," he answered unapologetically. "It occurred to me in the moment. I am betting that you found it highly arousing."
Emily couldn't deny that her heart was pounding, and her pussy was certainly drenched after the embarrassing examination of her open genitalia in the General's office, as well as the decision that she should receive the genital enhancement therapy being made for her. How it might change her appearance and sexual experience had also triggered her humiliation kink. Still, that was beside the point. It should have been her decision, not theirs! Her arms stiffened and she began repeatedly clenching her fists as she considered how to respond to him. Collingwood noticed and held his hands up.
"Now, now, 7GQ," he cautioned, retreating back a step. "I'm only doing what I know you want me to do. You're totally in your sub-space now, aren't you?"
"Well, maybe that's true," she began, realising it was pointless trying to deny it, but still angry at him just the same, "but you still can't just..."
They were interrupted by a squeal, and Emily's mood instantly shifted as she turned to see Madison running towards her, obviously still just as naked as when she last saw her. Her distinctive wide hips and contrasting tiny waist were immediately familiar, as was her dark hair that fell into ringlets about her ample breasts. Her face was a picture of joy and excitement from her dark brown doe-like eyes and long lashes to her sensuous and plump red lips. As thrilled as Emily was to see her, she was even more overjoyed to see a lieutenant's insignia had been added to her collar.
"Madison!"
"Emmie!"
Both women hugged for several moments before Emily drew back.
"And what's this then?" she asked, fingering Madison's collar. "Am I remiss for not saluting? My, my, things appear to have changed around here then."
"Yeah, us chicas can have ranks now," Madison answered, her face still beaming at seeing her old friend. "I see you're sporting something new there too? What is that? I haven't seen that one before."
"I've been promoted to our Earth's envoy here," Emily explained. "It's a diplomatic position."
"Wait, does that mean you're staying this time?" Madison asked, her face lighting up even further. "How long are you here for?"
Madison's eyebrows raised and her lips parted in anticipation of Emily's response, displaying the slight overbite that Emily had come to adore.
"It's indefinite," Emily replied, helpless but to smile in response to Madison's expectant face. "I'm here for the long term this time. Plus, it looks like we'll be able to travel between our worlds a lot easier and more frequently now, so even if I go home I'll only be an hour or so away."
Madison squealed again at that and started plastering Emily's face with kisses. Eventually she calmed enough to notice Collingwood standing to one side.
"And what's with you, cabr贸n?" she asked, frowning slightly. "Are you staying on this time too?"
"Yes, I'm here for the duration too, 4D9," Collingwood sighed. He had hoped that Madison would have forgiven him by now and stopped calling him cabr贸n after he publicly insulted Emily on their previous visit. Nevertheless, he knew that he had earned it with his disgraceful behaviour, so he let it slide. "Congratulations on your promotion, I must say. It is good to see the military thinking progressively here at last."
Allowing women to become officers was previously unheard of, largely due to the issue of all women technically being out of uniform in this world, but also because it wasn't expected that a woman would have such ambitions anyway. The General also saw a conflict with servicemen being able to issue the commands to women of higher rank. Collingwood had addressed the issues by firstly insisting that Emily's rank be recognised once going home became a possibility and their status shifted from being permanent refugees to temporary guests, the uniform problem being solved simply by adding her captain insignia to her collar. Regarding the commands, she would still obey them according to the agreement between the sexes on this world, while men would obey her orders according to her rank. The General had obviously liked it enough to implement the same policy amongst his ranks as well.
"Yeah, I guess we have you and Em to thank for that," she acknowledged. "I can't say I actually wanted it. The General called me in just after youse left. I thought he was just gonna have me fill Em's shoes, sucking his cock once or twice a week, but then he goes 'How'd you like a promo?' 'What the fuck?' I asks. Then he says he wants some women with rank in the force, and he wants to promote me and a few others to get things started. Next thing I know he's calling me Lieutenant and I got this new badge on my collar, and dudes are saluting me as I go by."
"Nice!" Emily congratulated.
"Meh, I was happy sucking and fucking," Madison shrugged. "Doesn't matter. All good. It's been fun learning the ropes around the ship and joining in on some of the test flights. Anyway, you wanna see your new home? I got some of the girls fixing something up for you."
"Sure!" Emily replied. "So, there's female quarters on the base now as well?"
"Yeah, it's all new. Well, old building, new stuff inside," Madison replied.
"Wow, things sure move fast around here. I would have been happy in my old room at the North East Campus. I wanted to catch up with 4NR there as well, and maybe take a swim."
Emily's previous home during her former visit was at one of several women's quarters around Cape Willis. Her assigned social worker, 4NRP4W, lived within the same campus and had helped Emily assimilate into the local culture. They had become friends as a result.
"4NR? Yeah, I used to see her around from time to time," Madison confirmed. "I'm sure she'd be stoked to see you. You definitely should drop by. Drop her a vid first, though. She's usually crazy busy."
"I can imagine," Emily acknowledged.
"Pardon me, ladies," Collingwood interrupted. "I must be off to see about my lab, and to also settle the team in, so I shall bid you adieu."
"Yeah, gotcha, cabr贸n," Madison answered dismissively before focussing back on Emily. "So, you wanna check out your new joint?"
"Lead the way," Emily responded before turning back to Collingwood. "I'll catch up with you later, Rod. Our conversation isn't over."
"What was that about?" Madison asked as they walked outside the main building.
"Oh, nothing," Emily replied. "He just thinks he's the boss of me and gets out of line sometimes."
"Still the same old cabr贸n then? I thought he apologised for his shit? I guess a leopard don't change his spots."
"Oh, it's not like that. I agreed to it. I just wanted him to talk to me before he makes decisions about me," Emily explained.
"Agreed to what, exactly?" Madison asked.
"Well... err... it's a long story..." Emily began, embarrassed and not sure of how much she wanted to reveal to Madison. "Suffice to say I developed somewhat of a... ah, well, a kink, I guess you could call it, and he's kind of my playmate."
"What kind of kink? Can I play too?"
"Oh, um... well, it's kind of like masochism," Emily was forced to confess, not being able to come up with another explanation. "I expect something in my brain snapped with the stuff I had to do here when I was here last, and it was my way of coping with it. I agreed for Collingwood to play with me, since I literally can't bring myself to make those decisions for myself, no matter how hot I find it, but I'm not sure I could cope with two people putting me through it. As much as I enjoy it, it still takes a toll on me mentally."
"Oh ok..." Madison considered. "So, you need a friend more than another whip cracker?"
"Definitely," Emily responded. "I'm not sure I'd want to see you filling that role in my life anyway. You're special to me, Madison. You're my refuge, my joy in this place. When we're together, I forget about all the bullshit around me and I feel at peace, and safe."
"Aww, shucks, Em," Madison replied. "You're making me blush."
"Come here," Emily demanded, suddenly stopping in her tracks, and pulling Madison in closer to kiss her squarely on the mouth. Finally, she broke away and looked into Madison's eyes. "Don't you ever change, ok?"
"Not sure I could If I wanted to," Madison admitted, swallowing as she recovered from the tender moment. "Anyway, we're here now. Check it out!"
Madison gestured towards a door before opening it and stepping inside to reveal a standard military style barracks with double bunks and lockers occupying most of the floor space. A dozen or so naked women lounged around reading, playing cards, and looking at Vidlinks on desks around the outskirts.
"How's my chicas?" Madison shouted to the room. Most of the women immediately jumped to their feet and saluted, much to her displeasure. "Come on now. I told youse, none of that shit when it's just me."
"Sir, yes, sir!" came the response from several voices at once.
"For fuck's sake," Madison sighed, before turning to Emily to explain. "They're just fucking with me. They know this is our space. No men allowed, and the military gets left outside when we come here. We even choose the names we wanna call ourselves in here."
Giggles erupted as Madison turned back to them.
"Anyway... Everyone, this is Emily. Emily, everyone."
"Hi, Emily. Is it ok to call you Emily, or do you prefer 7GQA9E?" one asked.
"Ooh, what is your rank? I have not seen that one before," asked another.
"I think it is an envoy symbol," another responded.
"So, you are from one of these other worlds we have been learning about?" asked a pretty blonde with an ensign insignia on her collar.
"Maddie has told us so much about you. I have been looking forward to meeting you one day," another stated.
"Hi, everyone," Emily greeted. "Yes, I'm from another world, my rank is envoy, I am 'Envoy 7GQA9E' when addressed in an official capacity, but I prefer to be called Emily when we're alone, and I'll be staying with you here for the foreseeable future. I'm looking forward to getting to know each of you in the coming days."
"You speak like Lieutenant 4D9Y2Y!" the blonde one blurted. "Are you from the same world?"
"Ensign... err... 7BVAP8," Emily began, leaning forward to read the woman's collar better. "No, we are not from the same world, but they are very similar. You seem familiar, Ensign, have we met before?"
"Yes, we were at Debutante together. We were fellow debs," 7BVAP8 replied with a smile.
"Oh yes, of course. I remember now," Emily responded. "That seems so long ago now. Elizabeth, wasn't it?"
"Yes, that is correct," 7BVAP8 smiled. "I remember you had the marks of the rattan on your buttocks, and there was a story that you were separated from a group of outliers."
"Yes, that was the cover story given to me when we first came to this world by mistake," Emily explained. "Where I'm from, women wear clothes as men do, and I didn't know the laws here."
Most of the women around them gasped in horror at that.
"Maddie told us stories of her world where women wear coverings as well," another added. "We just thought she was trying to make a joke to frighten us before we visit other worlds. So it is true then?"
"Yes, it is true," Emily confirmed, receiving more gasps of horror from the other women.
"Ok, chicas," Madison interrupted. "I gotta get Emily settled into her new bunk. There'll be time for more questions later."
The women pouted a little as Madison led Emily to a curtained area in one corner.
"And this is you, Em. I hope you like it," Madison announced as she drew back a curtain.
Inside was a standard single bed, neatly made up with a rose on the pillow. Strung across two of the curtain stands were individual letters spelling "Welcome Emily". Emily's eyes welled up at the sight.
"I hope it's ok?" Madison asked. "It was the best we could do on short notice. We got this curtain up for you anyway so you could have a little separation from the riffraff. I'm afraid the bathrooms are communal, though."
"Are you kidding? It's wonderful!" Emily responded.
A short time later Emily's new bunk was christened as she and Madison reunited properly. Afterwards, Emily started thinking that maybe coming back wasn't a bad thing after all. Then she remembered Collingwood and the genital enhancing therapy...