EDIT: 28-November-2014 I changed just a few lines/parts of this story - nothing major. Still working on chapter 3...
Preamble:
Chapter one of this story is only two pages (slightly less than two, actually). In it, you get the background and build-up to the current situation, and two erotic scenes as well, all of which builds up to the climaxes in this chapter and in future chapters. I strongly suggest you read chapter one first, but if you're in a rush to get to your own climax, and two pages that don't align perfectly with your favorite story tags is just too much, then I'll give you a brief summary:
My name is Mike and I work at a University in Amsterdam. I'm completely infatuated with a young woman named Emma who works at the University sports center as a fitness trainer and weight room manager. I'm American, average height with a muscular build, brown hair and brown eyes. Emma is Dutch, but speaks perfect English, and does not look like a typical Dutch woman. Rather than being tall, blonde and pale, Emma is about a half a head shorter than me, has brown hair with blonde highlights, and a tan, olive complexion. Her eyes are very light blue-green. They're gorgeous.
Both Emma and I are very fit. Emma is slim and toned, with perky breasts that are probably about a B-cup (Emma once told me she thinks it's lame when women wear bras that pad their breasts: she's content with hers exactly as they are). And Emma's ass is sensational. I've been with a lot of women, and I have never loved an ass as much as I love Emma's ass. At the time of writing this, I've actually cupped that incredible ass. It's making me hard right now just thinking of it again. But I'm getting ahead of myself.
Emma has a boyfriend, and I'm married with three young children. My wife's name is Christie.
Emma and I were acquaintances/friends for a long time before, very suddenly, our relationship exploded into an intense and explicit flirtation. I wrote out a fantasy that I had about her, and sent it to her as a gift. She loved it, which started me falling in love with her.
At the end of chapter 1 we were both alone at our homes (Christie was out with friends, and my kids were in bed) and we were chatting over e-mail. In return for a sexy picture, Emma convinced me to let her watch me masturbate over the webcam while staying hidden herself. When I was getting close to orgasm, she sent a second photo, naked, close-up between her legs. It made me cum immediately. She came watching me, but then when we were through she said the second picture wasn't of her, and cut off contact.
I guess it was the guilt, or maybe it was some streak of cruelty, but it left me hurt and confused and frustrated, and still lusting for her more intensely than I had ever lusted for anyone in my life before her.
Chapter 2
It was three days before I saw Emma again. She hadn't responded to any of my e-mails. I called it "radio silence." Like policemen or soldiers, asserting radio silence to keep the channels clear and to avoid giving away their position. Emma's radio silence seemed like that: she didn't want to give herself away.
It felt cold, but I knew that it didn't necessarily indicate a lack of passion for me. She was not very forthcoming even in person. For all I knew, she could be silently checking her e-mail every hour for something from me. She could be thinking of me, wanting me, re-reading my fantasy and masturbating again and again to the thought of me with my hands on her, my fingers inside her.
She just wasn't e-mailing me.
I arrived at the gym the following Tuesday morning (Emma didn't work on Monday mornings) with my emotions in turmoil, but that turmoil calmed the moment I saw her: at that first smile. I saw the smallest acknowledgement in her eyes that yes, she had not responded to me and she had tried to take back what happened with our chat session the previous Friday, but I also saw the happiness and excitement she felt at seeing me. She was as in to me as ever: the radio silence was not cold.
I decided to let her bring it up, and just offered a casual greeting.
"Hi Emma, nice to see you. How was your weekend?"
She told me about her weekend, and didn't mention Friday night. She had her motorcycle course on Saturday morning and told me about a close call when she had to hit the throttle hard on an exit ramp to beat a truck to the outside lane of the highway
She asked about my weekend, and I said it started very well, but then it kind of turned to shit. She smiled, but didn't say anything else, and so I left it alone and went to begin my work out.
When I lift weights, I usually rest about two minutes between every set of repetitions, depending on the exercise. I spend that two minutes changing the weight, drinking or filling my water bottle, and just looking around. My eyes typically end up on Emma. It's nice to look at her, but it's also my way of trying to call her over to me. I always want to be talking to her, so I'm always trying to make eye contact, trying to will her to me.
Sometimes it works.
The gym wasn't that busy, and Emma made her way over to me in response to my pained smile. I was doing shoulder presses at the rack, and she sat down on one of the crossbars in front of me.
"So your weekend turned to shit?"
I already wished I had approached it differently. I wished I could have been cooler, more aloof and distant. Uncaring. But I cared.
"Why'd you say it wasn't yours? Why'd you cut me off?"
I sounded like such an asshole, to myself. Why was I asking? I knew the answer to my question: I was fucking married, and she had a boyfriend. It was obvious. I had no grounds for misunderstanding, but I still felt like I didn't understand.
"It wasn't mine. I just wanted to send you something to tease you. I know it's mean, but I really like getting you all worked up and frustrated."
Her eyes flicked down to my shorts, for a second, a guilty search for visual evidence that my cock was in there, reacting to her.
"Yes, you're very good at that, and I love it. And I hate it. But mostly I love it."
She started with a big smile, but it faltered and turned sad as she resolved to say something she knew she had to say.
"I don't want to feel this way, I can't control it. I love my boyfriend. You are married. You drive me crazy because I would never do anything like this, but I'm doing it, and it makes me so wet. But I don't want to do it. I don't want to do this. We went too far, and I don't want to let it happen again."
It was the most Emma had ever said to me in one breath.
Internally, I called bullshit when she said the last picture wasn't her again, but I decided to let it go - there were more important issues she was raising.
And I knew how she felt. I didn't want this either. Or did I? I was struggling too, trying to figure out what I could do and why I was letting myself do anything at all. The level of flirting was way over the line, and if Christie found out about the chat I would be facing divorce right now...
But we hadn't actually touched, sexually. Just three Dutch kisses. Just a hand on each hip. That was it. And though I wanted so much more, I was, at that moment, not prepared todomuch more.
It was hard to explain myself to her without it feeling like an attempt at manipulation.
"I know, Emma. I know I should feel guilty, but I don't. I mean, we haven't really done anything that bad yet. It's just a bit of fun. It's naughty fun, and we could get in big trouble, but it's still just a bit of fun. I'm a very sexual person. It's part of my identity, and it always has been, and yet I feel like it's been... choked, or stunted in marriage. This thing with us is exhilarating and empowering - I feel free and... just... more like me."
Emma wanted to be convince, but she didn't want it to be easy.
"It's so unfair. One minute I don't care and I just want to climb all over you, and then the next minute I feel terrible. I can't make up my mind. I can't just decide not to want you."
Under different circumstances, I would have been so pleased to hear Emma talk about wanting me. But this felt like a break up. I was weak with desire, weak with the need not to lose this. My words lost some of their strength.
"I just keep thinking that this is so fun, and... you only get one life. I'm not religious. I don't think we're being that bad at all as long as we keep the risk of hurting other people as low as we can... As long as we don't cross any of the really important lines. And for you... I mean... You're not even married..."
I trailed off, feeling manipulative and I didn't want to manipulate.
But I was being honest, I really didn't think Emma had much to feel guilty about
At 26 years old, Emma was at that time in her life where she was thinking of settling with someone for a future together. Her body was telling her to explore her options. She had two attractive males competing for her affection. And of course, he was winning, because he was available and I was not. But maybe it was close, and so she had to investigate a little. It seemed only natural to me.
But then, what was my excuse?
I had never even come close to cheating on my wife before.
If you asked any of my wife's friends or family members about me, they would tell you that I was the most amazing, loving, and supportive husband, and that Christie and I had the strongest, happiest marriage of anyone they know.
And right up until the moment I asked Emma for a sexy picture, they would have been 100 percent right.
Right up until then.
But I still think I'm a good person.
I'm just a little bit bad too.
But I couldn't convince Emma to be comfortable being a little bit bad. She felt my attempt at manipulation and came back with force.
"But what are the important lines? It doesn't matter, every line we cross will make it harder not to cross the next one. We have to stop this."
I knew she was right. She was wise where I was being foolish. Her words were slapping me, gently but firmly, and they just kept coming.
"I was going to be mean to you today. I was going to say something harsh and end it beyond a doubt but I can't do it like that. You make me crazy. I want you so badly, but I want to stop this. I'm not strong enough to stop on my own, I need your help. Please help me to stop this."
What could I say? Now she was a woman in need, and a woman I felt so strongly about. I couldn't do anything but help her. I had to agree.
"Ok, ok. I'll try to stop too. But I don't think I'm any stronger than you. Much weaker, in fact, because I've done more than you, and the things I've done I've done with more reasons not to. But ok. I don't want you to feel guilty. I don't want you to ever feel bad about anything that happened between us."
I was so disappointed, but determined to do the right thing, if not on the power of my own considerations, then on the power of mine and hers added together.
*****
We managed to go two days without talking about sex.
I was being so good. We were both being good, keeping our conversations so superficial and bland. I think we discussed the weather about four times in those two days. It was extraordinarily difficult and painful, to have so much I wanted to say and so much I wanted to hear and so much I wanted to do, and to deny it all.
When the topic of writing came up, it could have been innocent. I write for my work at the University. I also write scripts for online erotic video games (a new hobby - just a few so far, see my profile for details), and I had confessed my hobby to Emma when we first discussed our mutual interest in erotic writing. I didn't have to go immediately to the second fantasy that I had written over the previous weekend, but I couldn't keep a lid on it, it came out.
"I finished that second fantasy."
And Emma couldn't help but pursue the conversation: she was as hooked on my writing as I was on her.
"Do you want me to read it?"
I was nervous about the second fantasy. It had elements that made it seem a riskier piece than the first.
"I want to... but... it's not as...standardas the first one. I mean, the first one wasn't really anything out of the ordinary, in terms of the actual sex act, but this next one... it's a little kinkier and I'm scared you won't like it. I mean, I really think you'll love it, but I'm scared that you won't."
The more uncertain I seemed about it, the more curious she was. But she hadn't asked me for it. She had asked if I wanted her to read it, but not asked to see it.
"I'm curious."
That may have been as close to outright asking as she was going to get.
But I wanted a definite action.
"Do you want me to send it to you?"
Sheknewshe hadn't asked yet.
She actually paused. She deliberated. If I had sent it without asking, she could have still chosen not to read it, or chosen to read it, but with slightly less responsibility. She knew asking was a bigger step, and it was only three days ago that we had agreed to stop this.
But it was just a piece of writing...
Finally she nodded.
"Yes, send it to me."
It didn't necessarily mean that we were flirting again. There was no other provocative talk that day. No compliments from me on how great she looked, no poses from her that gave me a peek at her cleavage or at her bare midsection as she raised her arms and her shirt rose a little with them. The actual, direct flirtation could still be over. Maybe it was still over.
That evening, before I cleaned up the dinner dishes and while Christie was upstairs putting the kids to bed, I re-read and edited the piece one more time. I swallowed hard, and then sent it. I had worked so hard on it and was trying to do so much with it, but it could completely fail.
*****
That moment, in the bathroom, it happened.
My cock had never been so full. It almost hurt as you squeezed it through your orgasm, but not enough to make me want you to stop squeezing. I felt like my hard-on would never go down again. I could cum so quickly, I knew, if you pulled me out of my pants and just gave me one or two strokes I would blast out all over the floor, all over your hand and on to your body. But that would make a very difficult predicament considering where we were, and we had already been out of sight for several minutes.
And fighting with my own need for release, I had this overwhelming desire to go down on you and taste all that wetness. I wanted to be there with my whole face, my tongue, my lips, bury them into you and suck and lick and swallow and kiss. You were still pressed against me, riding out the last few crests of your orgasm, grinding against my hand, so amazingly wet it was driving me insane.
Your kisses became more relaxed, breaking into many smaller connections, tender but still lustful. You turned into me, and put both hands around me, one under my arm and up to my back, and the other at my lower back, moving up and then down low, squeezing my pelvis into you as I reluctantly pulled my hand from your pants, and then less reluctantly wrapped my arms around you too, at your waist. We held each other tight for a second, lightly kissing, but my kisses were still so hungry, my cock throbbing hard against your belly.
Time kept rumbling forward. We have to stop now. We have to leave the bathroom.
We're going to get caught.
I shift my weight and you loosen the embrace and look up at me. I tilt my head toward the door, starting to suggest who should leave first, but you cut me off.
"I want you to cum in my mouth."
And that almost sends me over the edge right there. If we get caught here, it will be you who gets into the most trouble, and yet you won't let anything keep you from what you want. There is only us. You don't care about anything else at all right now, and I don't either. Your words, and the full realization that you will stop at nothing to return the pleasure I gave you, it builds my orgasm right back up to the breaking point.
You step back and reached down to rub my cock through my pants again. But I'm barely managing to keep control as it is. I don't want to cum before I get to feel your mouth, so I tilt my hips back, pulling away slightly.
I give you a look, and your face, for a second all surprised and confused at my withdrawal turns sly and amused and very, very aroused as you understand.
"Is it that easy?" You reach out for my shaft again, and I intercept your hand, holding it gently.
"No, I want to be in your mouth, please, take me in your mouth."
You keep smiling, delighted. You fully intend to put your mouth on me, but now you are suddenly filled with a second overwhelming desire to see me cum just like that: too soon. You want to see me lose control despite the promise of so much more. You feel so powerful and sexy.
You give me a huge smile and slowly move to a crouch in front of me, pulling my pants down as you do. My cock springs free and bounces slightly as it pops back to a rigid, vertical position. You take a nice, long, close-up look. I'm circumcised; the skin around the head is taught. It's not as well-trimmed as most young men keep theirs, but it's a nice-looking cock, a nice size.
You're mouth waters just slightly, and you want to kiss and lick and suck it, but the teasing is such a turn on. You rub your hands back up the outsides of my thighs, gazing at my cock, feeling the muscles in my legs all tight. You grab my ass, wanting to pull me forward into you, but... the tease. The tease is filling you up with such heat.
You lick your lips and look up at me. My face is open and wanting. I wince in pleasure at your beautiful, sexy smile and the way you are showing off your tongue. You love seeing all that want for you in my face.
Without breaking eye contact, you take your right hand from my ass and trail the fingers lightly down the front of my thigh. And still holding my eyes, you slip your hand into your pants and start to play a little. I moan out some unintelligible words. I'm shaking my head slightly. You're just too impossibly hot. I'm going to fucking cum just standing here, watching you rub your pussy in anticipation of sucking me off. It's driving me crazy.
You touch yourself, and feel all that wetness now, marvelling at how much you gushed just a few moments before. And you marvel that you know you could do it again already.
You slip your fingers inside yourself, and slowly move your mouth forward toward my aching, aching, aching cock. I can hardly breathe as I watch you move forward so slowly, so sexy. Every millisecond is a year. The dam is bursting. I've never, ever, held an insistent orgasm off for so long. It's taking all my will. I want to feel you first. I want to feel you there. But it strains in empty air.
You enjoy my struggle, you savor it. Will I go off before you get there? Before you even touch it? The thought occurs to you that if I did it would probably spray into your hair and against your face, but at this moment, despite the dirty connotations that kind of ending has, you know it would be your victory, and you would revel in it. In fact, rubbing your clit now, getting faster already, you think it might make you cum again.
Ten centimeters away, you let your tongue stretch forward out of your mouth, reaching just a little towards the head of my penis. You look up at me again, and I look back at you with adulation, showing you all my passionate need.
I'm at your mercy. Wanting more than I've ever wanted before. The exertion of keeping still and holding it all in is making me close my eyes tight for seconds at a time, my mouth is open and panting, my fists are clenched. I don't trust my hands to be on you now, because I would never force a woman forward, so I just wait in agony, dying to feel your hot mouth engulf me and then I'll let go with sweet, earth-shattering release.
You keep your eyes locked on mine, leaning into me just a millimeter at a time. And you know now for sure: you want me to cum before you even touch it. Your clit is loving your absent-minded movements. You're going to cum when I cum. It could be a mess, but you could get cleaned up enough in here, and you just don't care about anything else.
You want it to happen. You'd feel so naughty all day, talking to people with some little mark on your shirt or somewhere, reminding you of breaking me. Reminding you of how you climaxed so powerfully while you broke me.
You are gushing wet and your fingers feel so good and you know you're definitely going to cum again, and it's going to be very big again. Your grip my hip with your left hand, holding yourself steady as you rise slightly so that your tongue is level with the end of me, still three centimeters away, and you pause. I can feel your breath, the tip of your tongue is so close.
You're rubbing your clit faster now, giving me every chance to cum before you touch me. Imagining what it would look like. The head is pointing almost straight up. You imagine seeing the first big movement along the shaft and an enormous, white hot geyser erupting upward. You imagine feeling it touch your hair. A hot splash against your cheek and lips, the taste of it on your tongue, and a slow drip off your chin to land softly on your breast and thigh below.
It thrills you. Just that first burst, and then you will cover me with your mouth, giving me that hot wetness, feeling the rest of me flood into your mouth. You want to see that gratitude, that ecstasy on my face. You will own me. You are so close to cumming again, panting hard. You are one centimeter away, tempted to touch me just ever so lightly on the underside of the head with your tongue, but no, not yet. You can see me losing the battle with my body. One little push from you and I'll be over the edge, and you want your words to do it. You smile as you start to cum again.
"Let go for me. Cum for me. Cum into my mouth. I want you on my tongue... I'm cumming again now... Cum... With... Me..."
And I groan so hard.
And the door handle moves. We both know instantly and react with the speed of athletes. Your hand comes out of your pants and you let yourself fall back to sit on the floor. I grab the door to the stall and fall into the girl's toilet area, pants still around my ankles. The exit opens outward into the gym, so that we're already exposed to the people in the near vicinity if they happen to look this way. I pull the door to the toilet closed behind me with my foot under the handle. Just before I'm out of sight, I see you reach for your shoe like you are sitting to tie the laces.
There is a second of tense silence, and then I hear a man's voice in the doorway. I had practically slammed the door closed, he must have heard that. He says something in Dutch, and I can tell it's a question. You say something back, and even in another language I can hear the sex in your voice. I can hear that you are holding down a second monumental explosion. I know that man out there can hear it too.
Who is it? There are several really good-looking guys in the gym this morning. A couple that I've seen you look at... That guy, whoever he is, he's out there looking down at you, and you are flushed and breathing hard and still shaking a little. And you're so wet, and he's standing there right in front of you just like I was moments before.
I can't see you, and I can't understand the language. I pull up my pants, careful as they pass my swollen dick, still so hard, painfully hard, with one long drip of my stifled release running down its length. My eyes roll back in my head. It's impossibly unfair.
But even in my angst I can feel that the adrenalin rush of almost getting caught has started to work at bringing down my erection. I hear more Dutch. There is a quiet shuffle, and I guess that you have moved to your feet. There are more words from both you and the mystery man, nothing I can interpret. And then there is silence.
I'm waiting to hear some doors open and close again so that I know I can come out of the toilet, but I don't hear anything. I wonder if you are still both in there. But then why are you so quiet now? A minute passes and I still don't hear the door. What is happening? My dick has finally softened to a manageable size as I start to feel jealous and angry, testosterone redirected from a frustrated orgasm.
I tell myself that there is no way that you have just suddenly moved on to someone else right now. Are you so horny from what we've done so far that any man will do? I know it couldn't be, and so I wait for my dick to go all the way down, more minutes. Finally, I open the door, feeling that if you have lost all inhibitions and are now fooling around with someone else out there, at least I could join in and finally feel you on me. An image of you bent low at the waist to take me in your mouth with someone else thrusting into you from behind flashes through my mind and makes my dick jump again, but the room is empty.
Of course it is. I must be insane. I shake my head, "too much internet porn," I say to myself, and turn on the sink to wash my face and hands.
Out in the main room, I can feel a lot of eyes on me, and the ones that are not on me are on you, sitting behind your desk. And you still look on the verge. You look up at me with a non-stop blush. You smile and start to say something, but then nothing really comes out and you look back to some papers on your desk, clearing your throat. People are watching us.
I wonder if I should leave and give this a day to blow over. But I doubt anyone is going to forget what they think might have happened in there. Besides, I've only been at the gym 15 minutes by now: A hello, three kisses, a minute at the sink and then a five-minute orgasm for you. My torture lasted another couple of minutes and then I stood in the woman's toilet for five more.
I'm not going to leave the gym after 15 minutes. I've got my whole workout to do. And besides, looking at you, squirming slightly in your chair, still so obviously close to another massive orgasm, I know this isn't over yet.
****
This piece was more than just a fantasy. It had intention. I was writing about her teasing me, and leaving me frustrated and pent up, but the story itself was me teasing her. I wanted to make her want the orgasm on her face and then not give it. I wanted to make her pant in disbelief when she thought I might turn it into a threesome, and then take that away too. But it could have just made her feel embarrassed for me. And that would have been the worst.
*****
I wasn't online when she responded, and it was late when I did get to check my e-mail again. She had responded about 30 minutes after I had sent it.
Oh my God Mike I love it! I wanted that to end so differently! You told me you weren't sure about writing some of your dirtier ideas, but I love it. Don't hold back. Don't ever hold back. I love your dirty mind.
XXX Emma
*****
I lied awake all night, so excited by her reaction to my second piece of writing. She loved it. And I couldn't help but fall the rest of the way in love with her in return. I wanted her so badly. I wanted to touch her so badly.
*****
The gym was crowded the next morning when I got there, and Emma wasn't at her desk. From the corner of my eye I saw her look to the door as I came in. She was watching another girl do sit-ups and she was holding a clipboard and pen: someone had booked a training appointment with her. And on top of that, one of my colleagues was there and two other people I knew, trapping me into conversations and making me feel very watched. I never got the chance to say more than five words to Emma that morning.
All I could do was look.
She looked amazing.
And every time we made eye contact the mutual lust was magnetic, pulling at us, but there was too much in the way.
I left the gym feeling powerless and bullied by the universe. I was distracted and irritable at work. I had to do something. I was so in love and so infatuated and so blocked. I had to connect with Emma. I emailed her.
That was so hard, not being able to talk with you today. Not being able to be alone together. I would have done anything today. I would have crossed any line today. This morning I cut my fingernails in case I would get the chance to touch you. I shaved my face in case I would get the chance to taste you. I didn't jerk-off last night in case I would get the chance to cum with you. I wanted you so badly today.
XXX Mike
Uncharacteristically, Emma responded almost immediately.
I thought I was the only one overthinking it. I shaved my legs and between extra carefully this morning. I wore my best lingerie. I was frustrated too. I wanted to drag you into the bathroom with me, but I felt like there were so many eyes on us.
I guess it wasn't meant to be.
It was delightful and cruel. Did that last line mean she was bowing to the will of the universe? Was it still over? And lingerie? That killed me. I love lingerie. It drove me nuts thinking that Emma was wearing lingerie under her gym clothes.
I forgot all about my work and emailed her back.
Lingerie? LINGERIE!! You're killing me! I have to know. Was it the same set from the night swimming picture?
She came right back.
No, it's a black set. It's my favorite. I look really good in it.
I was banging my head against my computer screen, creating a noticeable commotion, and some of my colleagues we're looking toward my desk. I knew she was smiling at my email address printed on her screen, sitting at her workstation all that distance away.
I have absolutely no doubt that you look fantastic in it. I have to see it. Can you send me a picture? Take a selfie in the bathroom or something. Please, I need to see that, I'm dying here.
I was begging, and I hated to beg, but I was desperate and so utterly aroused, frustrated.
She didn't come back with anything immediately, and I had to work at a different site in the afternoon. I had to leave my computer.
*****
The longing for Emma was spilling over into everything I did. Every woman I saw was provoking a sexual response from me. I couldn't think straight. And now I was working closely with another woman. I was collecting data from a human subject at the hospital. We used human data as a framework for trying to program artificial intelligence.
I was partnered with this psychologist who specialized in functional magnetic resonance imaging: basically a big machine that you put a person inside of, and it records their brain activity. The psychologist was a very attractive young woman named Janna (pronounced Yah-Nah). Janna and I had worked together several times before. Janna and I had flirted before.
I was sitting there with Janna, in the control room while a volunteer research subject was in the next room, lying in the FMRI machine performing some task, and there was nothing to do but watch the data come in and chat. And Janna was hot and flirtatious. She was blonde and had a large chest, which she showed off as much as she could. I was so horny.
"How much longer are they going to be in there?"
I just wanted to get out of there and go see if Emma had emailed me.
""Twenty-four minutes."
Janna had a stronger accent than Emma. Her large chest was quite impressive on such a slim body. She was all giggles and lip-licking. I was pent up and irritable, and so, so horny. I needed to DO something. And suddenly, some of my need just slipped out.
"That's about enough time for a little make-out session."
I surprised myself even more than I surprised Janna. Excitement flew onto her face with an enormous smile and a hearty laugh. I tried to backtrack.
"Sorry, bad joke, I'm terrible."
Janna knew I was married. She let me call it a joke, but she knew it had been a very bold flirtation. We continued chatting and I tried to distract myself by explaining some of the more boring details of my part on our project. But the excitement never left her face, and as I was talking, she stood up, and went and closed the door to the control room.
I stumbled with what I was saying for a few seconds, and she watched me with amusement, with direct affirmation that there was only one way to interpret what her closing the door meant.
And there was so much excitement on her face.
And I was so fucking, crazy horny I felt like I was going to die.
But I was dying for contact withEmma. That was what got my into this situation, and it was also what got me out of it. Because Janna was not Emma.
I didn't want anything to happen with Janna, I wanted Emma. I resumed talking and shut down the sex vibe. I didn't make eye-contact. I withdrew. I gave all the signals that I was not going to let anything happen, and Janna, disappointed but understanding, let it go.
Maybe she just wanted to see if I would really do something. She never seemed mad at me after, though I've only seen her a couple of times since then. I think she wanted more, and maybe she even felt that more was inevitable, now that I had said what I said. But there was no way. Only Emma would satisfy me.
Only Emma.
*****
I had to work late and when I got home my kids were already in bed, and Christie was reading in the living room. We talked for a bit, but all I wanted to do was check my email. When Christie stretched and gave a yawn, I practically bolted for my home office, calling a goodnight over my shoulder.
And there was an email from Emma. It had been sent just after 9 pm, and now it was almost 11. So she hadn't emailed me back that afternoon. She hadn't taken a selfie at work. I was a little disappointed, but when I opened the e-mail and saw that there was an attachment, my disappointment turned to pure ecstasy. I delayed opening it until I heard Christie in the bathroom upstairs. My dick was already hard. I pulled it out and gave it a squeeze.
I grabbed a tissue. Already stroking slowly.
I clicked on the attachment.
There was black lingerie, laid out on a bed, but nothing else. No Emma. I laughed in spite of myself. The lingerie was lacy and included a garter belt and stockings.
Fuck it, I jerked off looking at her lingerie.
*****
Emma gave me a big, mischievous smile the next morning when I arrived. I smiled back, but when we talked, we were both cautious. Three days ago I had only wanted a kiss. Two days ago we were determined to do nothing. And yesterday I was determined to have everything. We were balancing on the rail of a rollercoaster track, and trying not to look down.
We had only a few sentences for each other when I first arrived, and then I went to begin my work out. I tried to call her over with my eyes but she wasn't coming. Eventually I ran out of water and had to pass her desk on the way to the bathroom. She smiled at me, and I stopped to chat. There was nobody close enough to hear.
"So you liked the second fantasy?"
She leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms with a big smile.
"Yes."
Nothing more. She was resisting.
"When you say that you wanted it to end differently, which ending did you want?"
It occurred to me that I could ruin the story a little bit if I asked too much about her reaction to it, but I wanted to know so badly if my tease had really worked.
She didn't answer, though she looked thoughtful, like she wanted to answer but couldn't find a response she was happy with.
I tried to make it easier for her.
"I mean, of the three endings that could have happened, which would you have wanted to read the most: In your mouth, before you touched me, or the threesome?"
I was cheapening it by talking about it, but I was desperate to know. I had worked so hard for the reaction, and though I knew she had loved it, I wanted the specifics.
"The first two."
It wasn't much, but she said it. I was a steel rod. I was sitting on the edge of her desk, mostly facing her with my towel in my lap, hiding it. Always hiding it.
I wastooaroused.
I felt vulgar. I felt savage, wanting more and more details, as though talking about it explicitly could lessen the aching want to do it.
"Really? Did it make you wet, the thought of my cum in your mouth, and on your face?"
She got really quiet, almost a whisper.
"Yes."
"I got carried away. It was like I was jerking off with my own words.
"Are you wet now, thinking about it? Imagining me stroking my cock right up against your tongue?"
She interrupted me with an awkward, gasping laugh, and a raised hand.
"Stop. Stop it. You're being too aggressive. I feel like you're pushing me."
But I was out of control.
"Come into the bathroom with me right now. I want to lick you right now. I want to eat your pussy until you cum so hard and fill my mouth and cover my face and I'll drink you up..."
She was blushing and panting and her eyes were shut tight with her face turned downward. I thought she was giving in.
"Come now. Come let me lick you until you cum."
But the harder you pushed Emma, the easier it was for her to say no.
"You should leave now."
I was crushed.
"Don't look so disappointed. It's not... I'm not... I still really like you. But go. It's not going to happen, not like this. Go."
I had the feeling that I was going to cry. I never cry. I left. I was only about a third of the way through my work out, but I left. Crushed and ashamed. Horny beyond words. It was the worst time that I had ever spent with Emma.
But Emma didn't want me to feel quite so bad: that night, there was an email from her.
I was so wet when you left. I'm always so wet when you leave.
To answer your question, yes, I do like it. I like it sometimes when a guy cums on my face. And I like it when a guy cums in my mouth, and I do swallow it. But I'm not like some bullshit cumslut character in a gangbang porno. If I'm in the right mood and it's the right guy it turns me on.
You're never going to get anywhere with me if you push too hard like that. But at the same time, it made me so hot and wet the way you lost control. The things you said...
I went into the bathroom after you left. I went into the stall and locked the door. I wanted to feel how wet you made me. I slipped my hand down into my panties. I was soaked.
I leaned back against the wall and rubbed back and forth across my clitoris. I dipped my fingers inside my pussy, imagining they were yours. I imagined you licking me. I imagined you coming up and kissing my tits, kissing my neck, biting my ear. I wanted your cock so bad. I wanted to feel your big hard cock inside me. No more of the teasing, no more of the foreplay. Just you, out of control pounding your cock into me hard and fast. I came imagining you inside me. I gushed. I squirted. I can't believe how much you turn me on.
And you've done it all without even touching me. If this is how good it is now, how would it be, to be together?
XXX Emma.
I read it over repeatedly, masturbating vigorously - too vigorously because I wanted to cum before it started to feel old, and I tore the skin a bit. The symbolism was not lost on me. What I was doing was so self-destructive, I was at war with myself, and I had the battle scars to prove it. But these weren't the first. I've got a lot of battle scars. But these were pretty deep.
I came on the fourth reading, just when she did., spontaneously pulling the tissue away from the end of my dick as I came, letting my semen spill out all over my stomach, as though she was there with me, and there was no reason to be tidy.
God Emma, that was so hot. I just came all over myself!
XXX Mike.
No response.
I went to bed.
*****
I didn't know where to start the next day. My head was spinning. I only knew I didn't want to push, but I wanted more interaction. I wanted everything sexy. I approached Emma's desk and the gym was mostly empty. I wanted to say something - anything - provocative.
Normally when I work out I wear the same t-shirt and underwear that I wore the day before, and then put on all fresh clothes after my shower. But on this day, I went to my office first, wearing my fresh clothes, and then hit the gym mid-morning. This change in routine caused me to forget to put an extra t-shirt and pair of underwear into my bag, so I had to go bare-balled under my shorts.
I don't think that kind of thing usually works to turn a woman on, at least not like it turns a man on when a woman wearing a skirt tells him she's not wearing panties (practically a fetish for me). But playfully, I told Emma anyway, and was surprised that it did seem to have an effect.
"I feel silly telling you, but it's just an honest accident: I'm not wearing underwear under these shorts."
I pulled up my shirt so that she could see the thin fabric clinging to the base of my dick, resting against the length hanging below.
She tried not to react, but she did. A sharp intake of breath. Her eyes rested on the outline of my cock for the entire length of time that I showed it to her. Her lips were wet.
When I dropped my shirt she looked back up at me like she was meeting a challenge.
Sometimes our flirting was like that. Like a contest, between us. She reacted to me turning her on by wanting to turn me on even more. We were always both trying to be the one to affect the other the most, and she was always winning. But the few times that I had the upper hand were transcendental. They never lasted long.
"I'm wearing another set of lingerie today."
Emma pulled the side of her pants down just enough to expose a thin, bright turquoise waistband. A similar blue-green to her eyes, but darker and brighter, almost fluorescent.
I started to grow. I had possessed the upper hand for exactly 9 seconds.
Another gym-goer interrupted us to ask Emma something in Dutch. I retreated to the back of the gym, with my towel held in front of my swelling penis.
And Emma wasn't through with me yet. The atmosphere was electric. Every glance between us was a flirtation, a display. She was finding reasons to bend over every time I looked at her, either giving me a view of her cleavage, or an arched-back look at her ass. I'd seemingly innocently raise my t-shirt to wipe sweat from my face, letting her see my abdominal muscles and the treasure trail of wispy hair leading down below my belly-button.
She raised the ante when, as she walked past me in the crowded gym, she slipped her shirt up without pretending to have any innocent reason to do it. And she had lowered her pants in advance, letting them rest below the line of her panties, showing me the skin under the thin straps on either side of the silk that covered her pussy.
Every flash, we dared to show a little more. The next time I raised my shirt for her, I was standing directly in front of her, at her desk so that she was sitting and my torso has at eye-level for her. This time I pulled my shorts downward, like she had, but on me this action showed a thin tangle of soft, curly, dark pubic hair, and the base of my cock, partially erect and large from all our teasing, and very visible in my shorts.
It was so risky, anyone could be looking.
Emma fell forward slightly, steadying herself with her hands on the surface of her desk. I was incredibly flattered that I could do this to her. She shook her head at me, and the crushing end to yesterday's interaction came back to me, and I was momentarily unsure if I was pushing too hard again. I avoided eye-contact, and moved to the machine behind her desk to finish my work out with some abdominal exercises.
A low wall divides Emma's workspace from the equipment behind her. We would often chat when I was on one of those machines because we were so close, but just as I got settled there, she left and went into the bathroom. Maybe I had pushed too hard.
She was gone a while but gave me a small smile that filled me with relief, but then she ignored me for a moment, focused on some work on her computer.
I was doing lateral twists on the abdominal machine, passively looking at the back of her head and at her computer screen. She looked back at me and then from side to side. She looked away again before I could engage her in conversation.
And then her screen filled up with an image of her taking a selfie in the bathroom. Her pants were down around her knees, so that the tiny turquoise panties were fully exposed.
Her shirt was pulled up and so was the matching turquoise bra. Her arm was pressed across her bare breasts, holding the bra and shirt upward off her breasts and covering a line across her bare nipples. Below her arm the bottom of her breasts swelled with alluring volume.
The silk, turquoise panties were a bright flash of color against her exposed skin. A darker color toward the bottom told me they were wet.
And then it was gone, and she turned back to look at me, giggling almost too loudly when she saw my face. I must have looked pretty funny with my jaw resting against my chest.
"Jesus Emma, you almost gave me a heart attack."
She stood from her chair and came and leaned on the wall, looking over it and down at my groin. The wall was just over waist high, and it stretched behind her desk at angles so that when standing close to it, nothing below your stomach was visible to anyone in the gym unless they were standing right beside you.
My dick was growing quickly. It was still pointing downward, trapped in the leg of my shorts, but rising outward, fighting hard. I lifted my shirt again, to give her a better view, and then reached my hand down into my shorts to untangle it and let it point upward.
I wanted to pull it right out, but when sparks flew between Emma and I, it drew a lot of attention, and already I could feel eyes trying to see just exactly what was happening there at the wall.
"Will you send me that picture?"
I couldn't believe that picture even existed. I wanted to cum while looking at that picture.
"No, that's not a picture I want floating around the internet. I took it just for you, now. But I'm deleting it."
I was desperate.
"No don't, not yet. Let me see it again. Let me memorize it."
Emma was such a tease. She smiled.
"You want to memorize it? Why, so you can stroke yourself thinking about it, later?"
"God yes."
Emma leaned close over the wall to me. I thought she was going to kiss me. I'm sure that several people in the gym had thought that was going to happen as well. There were so many people trying to look like they weren't watching us.
"Do it now. I want you to masturbate for me, here. I want you to cum for me right here."
Had she lost her mind?
"What do you mean? I can't do that right here!"
She had a plan.
"I mean here at the gym, in the bathroom. Like I did yesterday after you left. Go in there right now and do it."
I was embarrassed. People could see my arousal. If I disappeared into the bathroom for too long now, I'm sure at least someone would have an idea about what I was doing.
"I want to, but it seems so obvious."
But Emma would not be denied.
"If you do, I'll give you another look at my lingerie. But I want proof that you came for me. Don't clean yourself up all the way. Leave something to show me."
It was so twisted, and I loved it. I'd seen Emma turned on before, but at that moment she was a woman possessed. If our flirtation was a contest, she didn't just want to win, she wanted to destroy me.
I wanted to be destroyed. I went into the bathroom.
I imagined Emma in there the day before. There were two private stalls coming off the co-ed sink area, one for girls and one for boys, but really any person could use either. I chose the girl's stall. I wanted to be where Emma had been.
I was already close. It wouldn't take long. I tried to remember every detail of the picture. I imagined her arm coming down a bit, so that her breasts would still be pressing upward but her hard nipples would show. What would her nipples look like? I imagined licking them, sucking them into my mouth.
I imagined her fingers working in and out of her pussy right here, just hours before. I imagined those turquoise panties pulled to the side, exposing her, all soaked and slippery. I imagined the feel of all that slick wetness against the head of my penis as I pressed and held it to her opening.
I imagined her voice in my ear telling me to fuck her, fuck her, push in hard. I imagined holding one of her legs high, trapping it with my elbow, hand along the underside of her thigh opening her wide, and the other hand on her ass, holding her panties to the side, holding her up, her other leg around my hips, her juices flooding over my balls as I thrust in and pressed as deep as possible.
I started to cum, standing up, my whole body tight. My stomach flexed so strongly it hurt. I crunched forward and groaned loudly as all the built-up passion shot out of me in thick, oozing spurts.
I caught most of it in a wad of tissue, but some hit the wall and the floor, and there was plenty coating my hand. I cleaned up using more tissue, protecting my one hand that held the evidence. And even that hand I had to clean up a bit, But I left two fingers to show, curling them to try and keep the cum from dripping off.
I opened the door out to the sink area, and there was a woman waiting to use the stall. She was about twenty, tall and slim with long blonde hair. Very Dutch. She was surprised to see a man come out. I tried to hide my fingers. I wondered if she heard me groan. I wondered if she could smell that tell-tale ocean-like scent.
She had seen me around the gym often enough that she knew I spoke English.
"You are not supposed to use that stall, it's for girls."
I played ignorant.
"Oh, I didn't realize, I can't read the signs."
Actually, the Dutch words for "women" and "men" were about the first Dutch words I learned when I got to Holland. She knew it was an excuse and pushed past me into the stall.
I put my left hand on the door that lead back out to the gym, wondering how I would show Emma my evidence in the busy room. But then the door to the men's stall opened, and Emma tiptoed into the sink room with me, a finger against her lips to signal silence.
She had been right next to me while I masturbated.
She whispered, knowing there was a girl in the other stall.
"Let me see."
She looked very excited.
I held up my fingers. There was a line of partially clear, partially white, thick fluid running across the two fingers, and several separate droplets. As I held them up, a tiny drip slowly gathered at the base of one finger, elongated, pulled away, and dropped to the floor. We both gave a small, quiet giggle.
Emma's hand dipped into her pants.
It was unbelievable. I was stupefied. There was a girl in the stall right beside us, and anyone could come in at any time. This was real, not one of my written fantasies... Emma was touching herself right in front of me.
Emma was hell bent on my destruction. I had moved her very strongly with my second piece of writing, and now she wanted to make sure that she was turning it all back onto me. She wanted to do something that would keep me awake for the rest of my life. Something provocative, erotic, just a little perverted...
She took my wrist with her other hand and brought my fingers to her mouth. Her tongue came out, wet and hungry. She let the tip of her tongue touch a droplet clinging to the end of one finger, then licked upward and pulled away, leaving a tiny transparent string connecting her mouth to my finger. And then another lick, further down my fingers, gathering a little more substance. I was transfixed. I had orgasmed only moments before, but I was already growing again. Another slow lick and then she sucked my fingers into her mouth.
I knew it was all for me. It was a show. It was the killing blow in our little contest. But her fingers were moving fast in her pants. We were both losing. We were both winning.
She sucked hard on my fingers. There was a droplet of my cum shining on her lower lip. Her tongue pressed and swirled against my fingers inside her mouth.
It felt so good.
It looked so good.
I was completely erect again and I wanted to be in there so badly.
And then she slowly guided my fingers back out of her mouth, giving one last kiss to the tips before letting them go. We were out of time. She pulled her hand out of her pants, and then reached into her pocket. I was still standing wide-eyed and stunned, staring at her incredible mouth. Breathing hard as I watched the last remaining bit of white trail from her lip to her chin.
The toilet in the woman's stall flushed and Emma quickly brought her hand out of her pocket, using her other hand to pull the waistband of my shorts outward, opening them wide and exposing my renewed erection. I saw a flash of turquoise as she reached in and squeezed her panties around my dick, stroking me once with the silk, and then leaving them there. Her hand came out and she let the waistband of my shorts snap closed. She had taken her panties off in the stall next to mine while I was masturbating.
I could feel how wet they were against my dick.
She was showing me the lingerie again. That was the deal.
And then she was pushing me out the door of the bathroom as the lock came unlatched on the women's stall. I was hard. My fingers weren't entirely clean. I had a pair of wet panties stuck down the front of my shorts, and suddenly I was standing out in the open in the middle of the gym with a shocked, horny look on my face.
She meant for me to leave. I had wanted to warn her about the evidence still showing on her face, but I didn't get a chance. There was a mirror in there. A flash through my mind of her licking her lower lip right in front of that other woman in there knocked the wind out of me, making me suck air.
I pulled my towel off my shoulders and held it in front of my dick. As always seemed to be the case now, I left the gym hiding my arousal, but unable to hide from my arousal. I was smitten. I was spellbound. I was powerless. Emma was everything to me now.