Background: We are British ex-pats living in the USA for over a decade. A British Pub is something we still miss, so will visit if we find one. This is the story of what happened on one of those occasions...
=======================
I recall that we were out of town on a short break. We had just enjoyed a meal in a nearby restaurant. You had on a new dress that looked fabulous on you. The top part was styled like a corset, but with a loose neckline. The skirt was slit high on the left side and overlapped, still showing plenty of shapely leg. On the short walk back to the hotel you were chilly so had my jacket around your shoulders. On the way we saw a "British Pub" so, as it was still early, we went in for a quick drink.
I was standing at the bar turned to my right, with you in front of me leaning back against me. I was enjoying cuddling in the warmth by the bar and we were both people-watching. As usual, it wasn't that much like a real British pub, but it had a selection of beers and spirits, and even some acceptable wines. It wasn't too bright, which was nice, but the "background" music was a little too loud. We could talk but it took more effort than either of us really wanted.
A smartly dressed gent walked up to the bar in front of you and ordered "One of those, please.", pointing towards my Gin & Tonic. Apparently, they are back in fashion. This led to a couple of minutes talking about the variety of gins available these days, vodka martinis, and a shared love of Scottish single malts. It was an easy topic of conversation despite the noisy bar area. The background music got a little louder though, so he and I had to lean in a little, which left you sandwiched between us as we continued to discuss Scotland. Like so many Americans, he was keen to visit as he has ancestors from there.
The volume of the music continued to rise. He pulled back a little and made a comment to you. With you still leaning back against me, I asked in your ear what he had said. You turned your head round and replied that he had complimented you on your dress. From behind you, I pulled open the jacket a little so he could see better and looked questioningly at him.
He smiled approvingly and spoke to you again. You tell me he likes how it fits you in all the right places. He is a man of good taste! I pull the side of the jacket away from the bar. This exposes your left shoulder and shows the dress off better -- how it hugs your hourglass figure. He smiles again, then looks questioning, and says something else.
You turned to me giggling and explained that he asked whether you have anything underneath since it fits so well but nothing shows. I know the split goes almost to your waist but, with you standing as you are, it's probably closed. I pull it a little and can feel your stocking top, so he must be able to see that too. A broader smile and another comment, shaking his head.
You inform me that he meant I can't possibly have any underwear on. "Well, do you?" I ask. You pulled the front of the top down a little, giving him a good view of your cleavage and confirming that you did not have a bra on.
Another comment was made, and you relayed it to me. "He suspects it's a strapless or maybe one of those stick-on bras." I held the right side of the jacket so you were hidden from the rest of the bar, then reached around and gently lowered that side of the neckline, until I could feel your nipple under my fingers. Then I pulled it down another couple of inches and looked at him. He mouthed "O K" and gave us a thumbs up, so I think he is convinced.
However, then he shook his head at me and nodded downward. I whisper in your ear. "Are you wearing nice panties?" You turned your head, looked me in the eye, and shrugged your shoulders, all with a very sexy grin. That action also brought the neckline down on the other side, so both your breasts are now exposed to below your nipples. I'm sure you knew it would do that. You are SO sexy! "Are you wearing ANY panties?" You shrugged again. I know how sexy that looks from in front, so our friend got quite the show.
I pulled the side of the slit in your dress further back, opening it up on the outside of your thigh even higher. All the while, I was still playing with your nipple, which was very stiff. Looking back at him he is clearly not convinced. I could only guess at what he could see but had thought it was high enough to show the side of your panties, or nothing on your hip if you were not wearing any. Now he shrugged, as if to say that had not confirmed anything. I could not do anything more with my right hand as it just turned your dress towards the bar we were leaning on. So, I let go of the jacket side with my right hand, which left you exposed to the rest of the room, if anyone looked this way. You were not paying any attention to the other patrons, or your top for that matter. Just looking at our friend's face.
I moved my right hand down to your dress skirt and pulled it round away from the bar, opening the slit the other way. I could not tell how far it had turned, of course, so had to watch his expression to see when he was convinced. He was showing a pretty good poker face, so I kept going until I felt you stiffen up in front of me. You moved your hands to cover your nipples and squeeze your breasts gently. I thought you had just realized you were exposed to the room. He smiled, clapped his hands playfully, and then walked away with his drink.
Turning your head to me you said "We need to get back to our room. Now!" I could hardly refuse that, so I did my best to help adjust your dress and wrapped my jacket around you to, at least partly cover your boobs.
You led me by the hand outside and quickly a few doors down, to our hotel. We quickly got to our floor, then our room. You hand me my jacket outside the room and asked for the key card. I see now what our friend was seeing. Not only were your fabulous boobs completely on display, but the slit in your dress was twisted all the way to the front of the dress. You pulled the sides gently and showed me that you were, in fact, not wearing any panties. Instead, I got a full-frontal view of my super-sexy wife. I realized our friend had just had the same view. Of course, it was dimly lit in the pub but not here, so asked if you were OK.
"If you don't get me in this room right now ..." you started to say but, before you can finish, I had the card out and said, "Your dress for the card."
Without hesitation, you quickly slid the dress down and threw it at me, grabbed the card, and unlocked the door, dragging me in behind you. Once inside you explain "When you pulled the dress around, I could feel your warm hand following the slit across my hip, then the top of my thigh, then covering my pussy. Only when our friend raised his hands to clap I realized it had been his hand not yours..." (grabbing my hand and pulling it to your pussy) "right here! Now you need to do the same and then some!"
Once again, I could hardly refuse. The whole thing was very sexy, and we were both on fire! That was quite a night!
Sometimes it is difficult to tell the difference between a memory and a vivid dream. If this is not a memory, that's a real shame!