This story is being written by Jackie as a narrative of her going from sexually inactive, to widower, to sexually active, to millionaire. Many of the characters are older so keep that in mind before reading. Also Edward dominants female employees which you may find objectionable.
Edited by DRGRIFFIN
*****
Introduction
Hi, my name is Jackie. I am now a 55-year-old widower. I have become a millionaire in the 5 years since my husband, Carl, died.
I met Carl in college. I was a freshman in the English Department. Carl was a senior getting a BS degree in Engineering. We married as he was graduating with a job that moved us to Detroit, where we lived until Carl's death. I was 19 when we married and not bad looking but not the prettiest girl around. I was 5 foot 6 inches tall, 36 D top, 27-inch waist and full 39-inch hips. While not overweight at all I was not small either. I had very black wavy hair, blue eyes, full lips, and a big laugh.
I became a stay at home mom with two girls. One of my girls, Francis, graduated from college, married, and moved to Florida. She was very responsible. They had one little boy at Carl's death and making a good living in Florida.
My other girl was a wild child, Tiffany. She moved south after dropping out of college and never discussed how she made money. But to her credit she never asked for anything. She was a better looking version of me. She was more endowed up top than me at her age and worked at her looks more than I ever did.
Carl made a good living and I thought we were heading to a comfortable retirement. Our only real extravagance was belonging to a country club in Detroit. Carl loved golf and was very good at it. While I did not play golf, I did enjoy riding with Carl and acting as a caddy. Carl had a light bag that I carried on for him when he did not want to ride in a cart. His group seemed to enjoy my company and I certainly enjoyed theirs.
Carl and I had a very traditional life including our sex lives. Carl lost interest in sex as he hit 50 and seemed that I did also. It was not soon after he was diagnosed with terminal cancer with the only question being how long it would take. Of course, I know the answer now was 3 years. I was 47 and had stayed physically fit. The biggest change was to get a larger and fuller up top with my bra size becoming a DD. I also picked up a couple inches in the waist and hip.
When Carl started the chemo treatment he could not work. He did get a medical leave. He needed a lot of assistance both when he was home and several periods of weeks in the hospital. The cancer just simply ate him away and by the time he died we were both ready for it to happen. The 2 plus years I took care of Carl I let myself go. The stress was just so hard to contend with I ate all the time. I was big all over but my boobs seemed like balloons that kept growing and my ass could have its own zip code. I did not weigh but I was probably about 200 lbs.
For the last 6 months Carl had hospice care. While Carl was very sick which made me sad, it did help me as Carl wanted me to get out of the house. So I started going to the Gym and indoor lap pool at the club almost everyday. It was a great stress reliever to exercise. I also changed my eating habits. I dropped close to 50 pounds in those 6 months and firmed up all over. My boobs however stayed large, a 37G cup. My breasts were round, full, and very white which made the large dark areola really stand out. My nipple also could get large and protrude when played with. There was some sag of my breast when turned loose but I did not look like a grandmother. I was 41 to 42 in the hips with very full heavy cheeks. I had a flat stomach but my waist was 32 inches. I was what most people would call a BBW. I weighed 160, was very strong for a women and in good aerobic condition.
Before Carl died we had time to review our finances. Well, to say the least it was depressing. We owned our house but prices were depressed at the time in Detroit. The insurance had paid a lot of the cost for Carl's care but far from all. The remainder ate up most of our savings. We agreed that I should sell the house as soon as I could after Carl died and move South to Orlando close to my daughters. Francis wanted me to move close to her. She lived about 50 miles from the wild child. That sounded good to me.
So I sold the house and moved to a small condo in a golf community close to Francis and about an hour's drive from Tiffany. I had about $300k left after I paid everything off, moved, and bought the condo. This left me about $50k to live on until I could find a job. So I needed to find work soon. I did not want to ask my daughters for financial help, maybe pride but clearly I was too young to start being dependent.
Jackie moves to new location and starts her new life
So I was 50, blue eyes, long dark hair, shapely, somewhat attractive middle age widowed women with little social life in need of a job with no real experience. My sex life had been non existent for several years now. I was so worried about finding a job, I just could not think about sex. I did not even masturbate.
I started applying for every job under the sun for about 3 months. Most of the jobs I tried to get were as a secretary or clerical. I kept hearing over and over, you have no experience. But how much experience do I need? I knew how to use Word and Excel but it seemed not to matter. Out of desperation, I hired on as a clerk at a local grocery but I did not like it much and it barely covered my basic expenses.
I had two pleasures during this time; the Y was 20 minutes from the condo I bought and my grandbaby which I saw a couple days a week. The Y had an indoor pool and I really enjoyed swimming. I did occasionally see Tiffany and we were becoming friends for the first time. She always seemed to have money and always bought lunch for us and even offered me money. But even with these pleasures, I was depressed. I wanted to find something more meaningful.
For 3 months I clerked and continued to look for another job. I had rejection after rejection. I saw an ad for a local club that was opening soon and looking for an outgoing mature women capable of attracting members to the club. I did have experienced with Country Clubs, so maybe this one would be possible.
I got dressed in my most professional outfit and went to interview with the club's owner, Edward.
Edward explained to me that this was a golf oriented club that had failed. He bought the property several years before and developed a good portion in high end single family housing.
He did not say so but I think he made a lot of money doing this, keeping the club house on about 50 acres of gorgeous land. He wanted to turn what was remaining into a more exclusive club for open minded people. When I asked what he meant by open minded, he said he was still working on that.
Edward, did want to have a small executive golf course that could be played in under 2 hours, tennis, gym, outdoor and indoor pools, and the Club House had already been modernized with rooms for entertainment, dining, cards, and a game room. He said the appeal would be to men and women that wanted to play in an open minded way.
Again, I asked what he meant by open minded. Edward finally said, "I am thinking that we would have the standard things but add something more sexual in nature. Maybe we have nights for swingers. I had thought single's club but decided not to limit. If we have waiters and waitresses dressed provocatively or encourage a dress code of a more sexual alluring. Maybe we have theme nights that encourages exhibitionist. I am still working though the details. I have hired a few key positions and they are beginning to hire staff. We are close to opening and I have about 20 people ready to sign up for something like that."
"What position am I interviewing for?"
"I am thinking of membership manager. I wanted someone more mature and attractive for the position and you fit the bill. I also wanted someone that is open minded about sex. If we are going to advertise an open minded attitude toward sexual activities, then the person out recruiting new members has to represent that attitude. Think you could do that?"
I thought for a long time. Edward patiently waited. I thought to myself, there is no way, you have not even had sex in years. Yes, you are attractive for your age but you are old and certainly not thin. After an extended of time I said, "Can you be more specific about sexual activity I would have to participate in?"
"I don't mean to be a prostitute but I would expect a look that is seductive. Right now you look like an accountant not a membership manager for a provocative club. I would expect you to help the event manager, go to area gatherings, market, and talk people into joining the club."
He looked at me expecting me to say something. "You think I can do those things?" I finally asked.
"Can you?" he asked me with a look that seemed to be reading all my thoughts.
"Honestly, I don't know."
"Here is what I want to do," Edward started. "I want you to come back tomorrow morning, dressed like you think this club would like and convince me you can do this job. If you are not here by 9am in the morning, there will be no offer. Understand?"
"I understand." I stood stuck out my hand to shake saying, "Thank you for your time."
Edward was an older gentleman; I would guess something above 60. He was maybe 6 feet tall without an ounce of fat. I would guess about 180 pounds with a trim waist. Full head of salt and pepper hair that had a wave that looked kind of gangster when swept back. His face had sharp features, square jaw, sharp check bone and sharp pointed nose. His eye were black and penetrating. I doubted many people challenged him. He was very intimidating. He wore expensive casual clothes with nothing out of place.
Jackie has a unsettled night
I had an awful night. First could I really do this. I worried that I did not have the social skills to convince people to join Edward's club. Second, I had not had sex of any kind in four years, how could I project sexuality. Third, I was afraid of Edward. What would he do to me? Fourth, I did not know how to dress provocatively nor did I have anything in my closet that would match this expectation. Fifth, I needed a job that challenged me and this certainly would be a stretch. I slept almost not at all.
At 5am, I looked in my closet for something that was provocative to wear even though I still had not decided to go see Edward versus going to my clerk job. I was supposed to be at the grocery store at 9am. I spent close to an hour looking at what I could wear. I was almost to the point of not deciding on merit but could I even put together a wardrobe which would work.
I could not eat breakfast. I tried on about 10 outfits, looked in the mirror thinking is this provocative? I finally decided on a very old sundress. It had been in my closet forever. The next closest choice was an old evening cocktail dress that was too small but definitely provocative. I hung out everywhere and decided it was more funny than provocative. It was about 8am and I had to leave at 8:30am to be on time for either the club or the grocery. I had to decide. I took one last look in the full length mirror before I called the grocery. I looked frumpy in this. I could not go through it.
So I took off the dress and looked for my grocery outfit, slacks and button up shirt. As I grabbed the slacks, I saw an old white silk blouse that was mostly see through. That would be provocative matched with an undersized black bra. I had a black skirt that would be now very tight with the 2 extra inches on my hips so I put that on. Looked in the mirror. That worked. You could easily see the black bra and because of the small size it pushed a mound of flesh above it had a touch me look. My hips stretched the skirt to its limits and because of that the hemline hiked up above the original fit. I had a pair of black high heal pumps that made my calves very shapely. I thought, you almost look sexy and I felt sexy for the first time in years. Would Edward like it? I wanted to find out because I called the grocery to take the day off.
The drive to see Edward was a mixture of apprehension and excitement. I really could not believe I was doing this. But I was to the point of nothing to lose. Worst case is it does not work out and I am clerking groceries tomorrow, bored and depressed. Which is where I was yesterday. Walking up to the club, I was so glad no one was outside to see me like this.
Edward greeted me and asked me to sit. I slowly crossed my legs making sure he got a good look at thigh.
"I am glad you came back," Edward said. Edward showed the first emotion I had seen. I saw some level of satisfaction I had not expected. Maybe he liked the outfit.
"I still not sure why you are interested in me but I want to discuss the opportunity," I said with fear I could not hide it.
The next 2 hours we discussed what he wanted to do with the club and much to my surprise he wanted my opinion. It was so interesting how his mind worked. He discussed a lot his thoughts on getting members and the needs in the community. He made a point that the typical country club was something of a dinosaur. He thought there was a segment that would pay a high price for golf, tennis, pool and dining if they were bundled with a specific set of social activities catered to high income individuals. He thought an open attitude to sexual activities in the club would be very attractive to a select clientele. He wanted to give members an opportunity to socialize with existing members in the most intimate way. He indicted that the 20 people that had committed already were friends and associates that were the types he wanted to focus on. They were all successful high net worth individuals with desires hard to fulfill because of their demanding jobs.
As we discuss the business, I was able to make suggestions that he seemed to like. He also showed interest in my background. He really did listen well.
It was about noon, I could not believe it was so late, and he asked, "Ready for lunch? There is a place close."
I was panicked. Did he really mean for me to go out in public with my tits hanging out? "Oh, you mean eat here at the club?"
"The kitchen is not open yet. No let's go to Ernie's Deli, it has good sandwich and salad with quality wine."
What was I going to do? Did I really want to display myself in public? Again I decided what is there to lose. I don't know many people here anyway. "Yep let's go."
Heads did turn as we entered the deli. Everyone seemed to know him as he introduced me to many people. I was excited by this. People stared but in a good way. My chest was a hit with all the men it seemed and most of the women noticed. I had a distinctly good feeling in my groin.
We were seated, and ordered a glass of white wine for me and a bourbon and water for Edward. We continued to discuss the business. I was buying into his vision. He really had spent a lot of time working on this plan. I realized I wanted badly to be a part of this.
"What do you think of me being involved with this venture?" I asked.
"I think you could do it but it would require a lot of work and change on your part."
The waiter came with our lunch order and we both ordered second drinks. "I know I am not qualified for this job but working hard is not an issue. I will give it my all if you give me a chance."
"Let's eat, I want to think for a little." I got the hint and shut up while we ate.
We finished our food and second drinks. I was struggling to keep my shirt down. I could see that people were staring at the spectacle of too much woman in too small of a skirt. The waiter came and cleared to table. It was close to 2pm by now.
"Want any other glass of wine?" Edward asked.
"If I do you may have to carry me out," I said laughing. I gave him my best smile.
"Oh come on. I don't mind having a drunk attractive woman by my side. I am going to have another. There is one more thing I want to discuss before deciding."
"Ok."
The drinks came as Edward said, "I want all people who work as key members of the management team to be fully involved in the kind of lifestyle the club endorses. Do you know what I mean?"
"You mean open minded about sexual connotation the club will be endorsing?"
"Yes, but more than that I will demanding that you do things you may not want to."
"How will I know I don't want to do it something before I am asked?"
"You don't and that was a great answer. What I am asking you is do you want to try for more adventure in your sex life even if I were to tell you what those are now you would probably say no. Let me ask you, yesterday would you have agreed to wear a sheer blouse with a too tight and revealing bra and a very tight skirt to a place like this?"
"No."
"And how do you like it now?"
"I love the attention and having feelings I have not felt in a long time. It has been forever since I experienced this attraction. And it feels good."
"I will offer you $40k starting salary and increase the salary with every 5 new members until we hit 100. With that milestone you will be making $100k. Want the job?"
"Yes!"
"Let go back to the office and sign the agreement."
I finished my wine and walked a reasonably straight line to the door of the deli. At the office, Edward could have fucked me then and there if he wanted. I wanted sex for the first time in a long time. He handed me first a release. It released the club for all sexual harassment claims. I signed without thinking about what I was doing. Then the employment contract laid out the terms Edward had described. We shook hands and I left the club with instructions to be there at 9am the next morning. I called the grocery and quit. The manager was not surprised.
Jackie prepares for new job
When Edward showed me around the club, the gym and indoor pool were ready for use. I decided to ask Edward if I could use them but had gone to the Y that morning to swim. When I got home I was again faced with the 'what to wear dilemma' I had the day before. This time I decided to not worry and put on a blouse and slacks. It was nice casual.
I got to the office and started organizing my desk. I was to meet with Edward at 10. In his office was another woman.
"Jackie this is Shannon," Edward said. "She is the new Director of Events. Shannon this is Jackie the Director of Membership. We will be working together closely the next few weeks. I want to have a Grand Opening in three weeks. I know it is too soon but let's do it anyway."
Shannon was about 25, tall, thin, blond, and pretty. I would guess that she was a B cup with a firm ass. She had a degree in hotel management.
We spent most of the day discussing how to attract people for opening day. In the end, I was to organize the online marketing effort and trips out in the community to get attendees and Shannon focused on getting the club ready for the opening night event. Edward wanted to make certain that people knew we were going to be a club catering to the swinger lifestyle.
"Let's talk about name," I said. "If I start working with the web developer on the web site we have to know the name and emphasize the nature of the club. Have you thought of a name?"
"No, what do you two think?"
"Why don't we call it The Swinger Club?" Shannon said. "We have golf, tennis, and swinger parties."
"I think that is perfect," I said.
"Yep, that was my top choice," Edward said. "The other was Anything Goes Club."
"Why not make that our tag line," I said. "The Swingers Club Where Anything Goes."
"What do you think should be on the front page of the website and our marketing flyer?" Edward asked.
Shannon said "I think we could have a photo of the three of us and the Director of Tennis in sexy golf and tennis outfit. Maybe one of us will dress very provocatively to indicate the swinger aspect. I play golf and have a really sexy outfit."
"I guess Jackie and I will represent the swinger aspect," Edward concluded.
"But we are old, would not it be better to have the younger set do that?" I asked.
"Actually, I think we represent well the desired demographic," Edward said. "Let's get to work. We have a lot of work to do so come see me if you have questions. Let's meet at 9 every morning until this is done. Anything else?"
"Can we use the gym and pool now?" I asked. "I am working out at the Y now but it would save so much time to work out here."
"I would like to also," Shannon said. "Is 7 ok with you Jackie?"
"Sounds good," I said.
"Ok, you do know that this club will have a communal shower. That is one of our swinger tenants. While discussing our motif, over the next two weeks you two will work on your wardrobes. Go to see Anna. Here is her card. She knows what I like and is expecting you Saturday. Until then no more slacks only skirts at the club. We can meet in the locker room at 7 tomorrow morning to work out and I will show you our lockers. Ok now get out of here and get to work."
Shannon and I were stunned. Shannon followed me back to the office and asked, "What did we just do?"
"I think this is the beginning our change to being swingers," I said with both excitement and apprehension. "I don't have anything he is going to like."
"Me too," Shannon said. "Did you know this was going to happen?"
"Not exactly but then he made no secret he is going to mold us to what is needed for this endeavor."
"I guess you are right," Shannon said, "but somehow I thought he was kidding."
"I don't think Edward kids about this stuff and we had better be prepared for this being just the start. There is no telling what he has in mind for us. But I am to the point that I have no choice. Whatever it is I am going to try. I need the money."
Shannon nodded. "Me too. I had no job offers out of college and I have been waiting tables."
Edward shows Jackie and Shannon his way
Shannon and I arrived at the club at 7am wearing gym shorts and tee shirt and a bag with our clothes for the day. No make up. There was Edward waiting for us.
He gave us a locker each in the middle of the locker room. He clearly wanted us to be seen by everyone. These lockers were in the area close to the shower so everyone would pass us. We all worked out about an hour, talking a lot about how the day would go.
We went to the locker room and as predicted Edward's locker was between the two of us. He started undressing. Shannon and I hesitated. "No need to hesitate girls, a lot of people are going to see what you have under those clothes, so time to start getting used to it. After all I am not a stranger am I?"
Shannon and I looked at each other, giving each other a node. We both pulled our tee shirts over our heads. Then came the bras. Edward was already nude and staring between the two of us. He had a hard body and a nice package for an old guy. He had all his body hair removed.
Then Shannon and I started removing our shorts and then panties. Edward whistled.
"You should show those massive mounds all the time Jackie," Edward smiled. "They are very impressive."
Shannon actually looked hurt. "Don't pout. You know you are gorgeous from head to foot. Let's go shower."
Shannon and I turned away from Edward as we showered and showered in a hurry. As we were drying off Edward came up and asked if we needed any help. Edward watched us closely as we dressed.
I was left with the sundress that I had originally thought about but wore a nice flesh colored bra that actually fit. I also wore regular bikini cut panties. Shannon wore a short blue skirt with a red blouse. At least I showed a lot of cleavage where Shannon was covered. Her skirt was much shorter than mine however showing more leg. I was not sure who Edward would like the most.
"Come by my office at 9:30am to meet the Director of Tennis and at 4pm for a discussion on wardrobes."
Shannon and I met the Director of Tennis, Bruce at 9:30. He was a hunk. 6 foot 2, thick blond hair, a sculptured body and very handsome bordering on pretty. He was not the smartest guy around however but would attract females to the club.
Shannon and I spent a lot of the day together working on call list and planning for the open house. At 4pm we went to Edward's office.
"You girls are doing great in all but one area," Edward started. "I really like how the marketing material and planning for the open house is going. But I made it clear about how I wanted you to present yourselves. Neither of you are close to the look I require. Shannon you have a classic body of a beautiful women but are not displaying it at all. No one would think sexy looking at how you are dressed. Jackie you could wear a trash bag and people would think you are sexy but that dress is awful."
"Shannon take you shirt off and remove that bra."
"What?"
"I don't repeat myself," Edward commanded. "And from now on in this office say Mister Ed."
"Yes, Mister Ed," Shannon said and removed her shirt and bra.
"From now on you do not wear a bra in this club. You don't need it."
"Ok"
"Remove your skirt and panties Shannon. Jackie take that awful dress off."
"What," I asked.
"Do it."
We both did as we were told.
"Neither of you did what I told you. Neither said 'Yes Mister Ed'. So you are going to make me punish you both. Jackie get that paddle hanging on the wall. The only way you two will learn is with a little pain."
I was in a daze and did what I was told. I tried to hand the paddle to Edward.
"Keep it. Shannon bent over my desk. Jackie paddle her butt until I tell you to quit."
We both stared at Edward.
"Ok it will now be double the licks for both of you. It was going to be 5 but now it is 10. You say what?"
"Yes, Mister Ed," Shannon and I said in unison. We both realize this was the start of our transformation according to Edward. If we wanted out now was the time. But I did not want out. This is what I needed. I was beginning to get moist and excited.
Shannon bent over the desk and I started paddling her beautifully firm butt. Whack, ... whack the first 2 licks struck as I hit her butt. "Harder," Edward said, "or I will take the paddle and it will be very hard."
I gave her 4 more licks and both cheeks were turning very red. Edward stopped me and rubbed her cheeks. "Good, her butt is nice and warm. Give her four more."
Whack,...whack,...whack,...whack.
Before she could move, Edward rubbed her ass and I thought probably fingered her pussy.
"Ok, that is good. Shannon have you learned your lesson?"
"Yes Mister Ed. I answer each command promptly with Yes Mister Ed."
"And?"
"Don't wear a bra or panties at this club."
"Good. Now it is your turn Jackie. Pull off those awful panties and bend over the desk. Take the paddle Shannon."
"Yes Mister Ed," we both said loudly.
I pulled down my panties and bent over the desk. Whack,...whack,...whack,...whack,...whack went the paddle five before Edward stopped Shannon. He rubbed my ass for a long time and definitely fingered my now moist pussy. "Continue." Whack,...whack,...whack,...whack,...whack and before I could move he again was rubbing my butt and definitely finger my pussy. He continued until I had an orgasm for the first time in years.
"What have you learned Jackie."
"Say 'Yes Mister Ed' whenever you command me to do something in this office."
"Good. Now the only article of clothing you two wore that I approve of is your bra Jackie. Whenever you wear something to this club I don't like I will throw it away. So Jackie you can keep your bra but the other stuff is gone."
"But what do we wear home?" Shannon said.
"What I have not thrown away."
"But that means I have to go home nude," Shannon cried.
"You should have thought of that before coming to my club in inappropriate clothing. So my instruction to go see Anna tomorrow is important. She knows what I like. Shannon no bra. And for both of you no panties unless they enhance the beauty of your pussies. Jackie shave that bush. I am sure there is a pretty pussy under that so why hide it."
"Yes Mister Ed," we said together.
"See you Monday. These are exciting times."
Luckily it was late so the parking lot was almost vacant. There were still a few workmen on the course. When they looked up I am sure they got more than they thought they would on this Friday night.
"I will call you tomorrow morning to arrange a trip to Anna's," I said to Shannon.
Shannon was crying. "Ok, I have never been so humiliated."
"Yep. See you tomorrow," I said.
I got in my car and drove back to my condo. Luckily I had a towel in my back seat that let me cover mostly as I entered the condo. There was a crowd in front of my condo. I said, "Fell in the pool."
I masturbated for the first time in 4 years that night as I thought about showering in front of Edward and being paddled by Shannon. I had taken the first step on my journey.
Shopping for clothes with Shannon at Anna's
Shannon came over to my condo at 8am Saturday morning. It turned out we lived in the same condo community. She also was just setting up house.
"Jackie, I don't think I can do this," Shannon said. "Didn't you find yesterday afternoon humiliating?"
"Well sure but I also found it exhilarating. Somehow I know this is what I want. I have been in sexual purgatory for at least 4 years. Let me tell you my story." I then went on to tell her how I got here.
"You mean you are 50 years old with two daughters older than I am?" Shannon said in amazement.
"Well one is older but my youngest, Tiffany, is 25 also. And yes I am 50 years old."
"I am amazed at how good you look. You think this will be fun?"
"I think it is something I want to try. But I have less to lose than you. Why do I care about reputation? And honestly, I need the money. My husband's illness came at a very bad time and it ate up most of our saving. I have about $5k left in my checking account, no savings, and no retirement plan. I looked for 6 months for something and this was by far my best opportunity. So I am going to do my best to make it work."
"Didn't you find it humiliating to drive home naked. When I got to my condo there were several workmen that took advantage of the situation. They yelled vulgarities at me as I ran to the condo. And having to do Edward's biddings. He fingered my pussy after you paddled me."
"Me too. The paddling left me excited and wet."
"I thought he made you orgasm. I was wet also I guess but mostly humiliated."
"I wanted him to fuck me," I admitted to Shannon.
"Really, I just wanted to get out of his office," Shannon said as she thought about it.
"Aren't you excited about this opportunity? Think about it, we are a part of building something new."
"Yes the business opportunity is very exciting to me. I think if we are successful it will jump start a failed start to my career."
"I think you are right and maybe the swinging aspect won't be as bad as you think. Let's go see Anna and see what Edward wants," I said.
Anna shop was called, 'Anna's Clothing Treasures'. Anna was a young, maybe 30 years old, average size, brown hair and eyes. Her tattoos and clothing made her distinct. Her arms were covered with a pattern of tattoos. Her chest from the cleavage to her neck had a pale tiger eye. It was tastefully done. She wore a rainbow colored tube top and a small skirt. It could not have been more than 8 inches wide covering her butt. She had jewelry in her navel and nose. There was a tattoo that looked like a tiger paw on her thigh. She had an interesting look.
"Hi, you must be Jackie and Shannon," Anna said. "Edward did a good job describing you."
"Hi Anna," I said. "Edward is very observant. Did he tell you what he wanted for us?"
"He did but there is still a lot of option within his parameters," Anna said. "The other thing you need to know is I know Edward very well. In fact he is responsible for my shop. He helped me with capital and advice to set this up."
"Really!" Shannon and I both said.
"Yes, Edward expects a lot but if you stay with him, he will do things for you no one else can or will. It is hard to believe to start with but if he takes an interest in you, you are lucky. My advice is give it a chance."
"So you went through the humiliation stuff?" Shannon quizzed.
"Oh yea." Shannon raised her skirt to reveal a perfectly bald pussy, wearing no panties. She also had a small rose tattoo in the V above her pussy.
"That is a beautiful tattoo," I said. "Was it painful to get?"
"Sure but I like it. I am a little concerned about getting older with these but for now I like my style. Tell me about your styles."
We discussed it for a time with me concluding before last week my style was frumpy grandmother. Shannon said professional.
"Well, Jackie you don't look like frumpy grandmother and we are going 180 degrees from that. You have marvelous assets, tits and ass, that we are going to accentuate. Shannon we will make you sexy professional."
We both agreed. So we spent a large part of the day naked trying on clothes. The more the day went on the less we cared who saw. Anna gave us all the attention she could while waiting on other customer. We had a quick sandwich at noon and by 1:30, we each had decided on 3 outfits each knowing we would have to repeat wearing outfits and come back next Saturday to continue.
"Edward wanted us to pick out a swimsuit each plus gym clothes," Anna exclaimed. "He said there was the potential to put The Swinger Club logo on it and sell it at the club. Of course, this is beneficial for my shop. However, before we start, I could not help noticing your thick bush Jackie. Want to do something about that?"
Shannon and I looked at each other laughing. "If she does not want a paddling, she needs to take care of it this weekend," Shannon said.
"I understand. I can do it in back for you Jackie as a courtesy. Shannon, look around, it will take about 15 minutes."
After Anna and I got to the back, I removed my jeans and panties and laid on a couch. "I think it would look neat to give you a narrow landing strip and wax the remainder of the hair off."
"Ok," I answered not having any idea what that meant.
First Anna trimmed my hair with scissors. Then she applied wax and before she pulled saying, "This is going to hurt just a little." She pulled and I jumped.
"It startled me more than hurt. Continue."
"Only a few more pulls and I will do it quickly." Anna made a few more passes and said, "Look in the mirror and see what you think."
I looked in the mirror and there was a small one inch by 2 inch strip of hair extending from my slit that was neatly trimmed. Otherwise I was completely bald.
"The redness will go away in a couple of hours and should be pure white skin."
"I must admit that looks a lot better than the bush. Thank you Anna."
"You will need to trim the strip and let someone wax to remove stubble but will take less time next time. My salon next door can do your hair and do a Brazilian Wax with the same appointment."
So we tried on swimsuits. I chose a red one piece that had a 4 inch strip of material that started at my cleavage, tapered between my leg and ended in a string at my waist in back. There were string ties on each side to keep it in place. There were 2 elastic straps around my torso and a string tie around my neck that held held the top in place. Shannon chose a red bikini cut to reveal more skin than normal but not nearly like the string bikinis.
"I think Edward would really go for the string bikini." I was sure Anna was right. Maybe Shannon was going to be the one paddled.
I chose a white sport's bra with a lot of support and showed some cleavage with red nylon shorts that barely stretched over my ass. Shannon chose a tank top and the same shorts.
We thanked Anna and as we asked how much she said, "Oh no Edward paid for everything. In fact, he opened an account for you two with a Do Not Exceed but you are no where close. That is so Edward. He does not like to point to the good things he does, only point out the mean stuff."
We decided to go to a club and have some fun
We chattered all the way home. Excited about our shopping trip to Anna's and did not want to end the day. "Want to come in and let's figure out some trouble we can get into," I asked Shannon.
"Sure."
As we walked up to the door of my condo, we saw multiple packages. I picked them up saying, "I think these are from Edward."
Shannon brought in the packages from the door. Shannon said as I entered the room, "Let's see what he is sending you."
I opened the first package and it was business cards for me. "These look great," Shannon said.
"I bet you have some just like these waiting for you at your condo."
"Open another," Shannon said excitedly. It was cards announcing the open house in two weeks. "Boy these look great, we need to start handing these out this weekend."
"You are right. Why waste time. I don't know about you but I want to do something adventurous tonight."
"Me too," Shannon said. "Let's go clubbing and distribute the announcement cards."
"I have never been clubbing."
"Then we have to do it," Shannon said. "You will attract men like flies to a flame. I just want to be close."
"Oh stop it. We need to go to a high end club to find the right candidates."
"We need to go to the Phantom," Shannon said excitedly. "But I am not sure we can get in. It has a waiting list and you must be rich or extremely desirable."
"I bet Edward can get us in. I will call him while you go see if you got cards also."
"Let's see what the other package is first," Shannon instructed. I opened it and was confused about what I was looking at. Shannon laughed, "Do you know what that is?"
"Not exactly."
"It is two vibrators. One is called a rabbit and the other is one that goes over your pussy and is activated with a remote. See what the card says."
'I thought you could use this at home. The remote control one might help you when presenting to groups. Stimulate yourself and it may improve your speaking capability. Mister Ed.'
We looked at each other and laughed. "Well who knows I may try it," I said.
"Call me when you get home and tell me if you got the same. Want to borrow my car?"
"It is only a 10-minute walk but I do have the packages so yes let me take it."
Shannon left as I was dialing Edward. He answered his cell phone on the first ring, "Hi Jackie. Get the packages?"
"I did. Shannon and I want to go to a club and distribute the open house announcement and were thinking about Phantoms. Do you know it?"
"The owner is a good friend of mine. Let me call and get you on the list. I will call you back. And great idea. You two are good together."
We hung up and I got a call from Shannon. "Got the same packages."
"Edward knows the owner of Phantom and is getting us on the list. He will call back in a few. Will call you back when I hear."
We hung up. I started putting my stuff away when Edward called, "Jackie, the owner Henry is sending their VIP limo at 7:30pm. I gave him your address."
"That is great. Want to go with us?"
"I would love to but I am out of town on business," Edward answered. "Give me a rain check. You girls need to dress to kill. Make a good impression on Henry if you see him. He knows a lot of people that would go for our motif. In fact, Henry is also a good candidate. I told him a little about the club but said you and Shannon would fill him in."
"We will take care of it," I said with more confidence than I really felt. After all, I did not even know what happens at these clubs.
"Jackie, represent the club well."
"Count on it." As we hung up I began to panic. What am I doing here? I am a frumpy grandmother going to the highest end club in Orlando to impress the cream of the crop. Maybe I need to be sick now. I shook it off and called Shannon giving her the news.
She squealed, "We are going to Phantoms."
"Shannon, what do we do in clubs and what do I wear?"
"We dress to kill, drink, and look beautiful and sexy."
"Ok, I will try. The limo picks us up here at 7:30pm."
"See you at 7pm. I want to see what you are wearing."
So did I. I did not think the three outfits I got from Anna's would work. It was 5 o'clock and I only had 2 hours to figure this out. First a glass of wine to settle my nerves. I looked in my closet for a long time. I needed to throw some of this stuff away. I will never wear most of it. So I started pulling things out and throwing away the obvious. I got to a little black dress that Carl had bought me about 10 years ago for a Christmas party with his firm that was mainly top management. Maybe I could still wear it. I took off my jeans and tee shirt and slipped it on. Remarkable it did go on. A little tight around the bust and hips but it must have been too loose when I wore it then because the tightness looked like it was on purpose. It did not show a lot of cleavage but was cut very low in the back, to just below the waist. It showed all but a couple of inches of legs. It came with its own boy cut panties. It had plenty of support for the breast so a bra was not necessary. It even had a matching cocktail purse which would have to be used for the cards and maybe one tube of lipstick.
I was dressed when Shannon showed up at 7. "Why did I worry about you?" Shannon exclaimed with glee. "You look so glamorous. I think we could have gotten in on our own."
"And so do you." She was wearing a strapless black lace on red dress. It had a structure that pushed up her breast. It turned her B into a C. The skirt portion was molded to her bottom and showed all but a few inches of her legs. She might get by without panties but I was sure she was wearing some. "Have you gone to a lot of clubs?"
"I did in college. That is why I did not get any job offers. Not enough studying."
The limo showed up exactly at 7:30.