I wrote the first chapter as an experiment to see how much plot could be revealed just through dialogue. Thought there was enough interesting storylines to continue. Unfortunately, you'll probably have to read the first part to understand what's going on here. It's short! See you back here soon.
——————————————————
"And that's when you got caught?"
"Yep, but I didn't realise it for a little while."
"Why?"
"Well, I was in a bit of a daze I guess."
Lori took another sip from her coffee and tilted her head sideways at Eden with a quizzical look. They had known each other since high school, but there were things about Eden that seemed to have eluded Lori all this time. She tried a different tack.
"Let's go back a little. You were wandering around the house naked, and thought you would sunbathe in the yard?"
"Something like that. Not exactly. It's hard to explain. I was conducting an experiment."
"In what? Public exposure laws?"
"No. A therapist actually kind of suggested it."
"A therapist suggested it?! What kind of kinky therapist are you seeing?"
"It's a sex therapist. A reputable one I promise."
"Why did they want you naked in your backyard?"
"It wasn't like that. She said I should walk around the house naked to see how it would make me feel."
"What aren't you telling me? Spill it."
Eden shifted in her seat, picked up her empty cup and drained the last cold drop, tilting her head back theatrically. She looked in to the cup, leaning forward.
"I am having problems with an orgasm."
"Oh. That's not a big deal though is it? I'm sure it will come back at some time."
"No. I don't orgasm. Like, at all."
Lori was silent for an uncomfortable minute.
"I don't know what to say? Why haven't we talked about this?"
"I don't know! I should have, we talk about everything, but I guess I was embarrassed, and then it went on so long I didn't feel like I could bring it up all of a sudden. It's pretty hard to drop in to normal conversation."
"Yeah, I can see that. So you've never had an orgasm? Wow."
"Well... I did once."
"Oh ok. Do you remember it well?"
"Yep. It was when I was about 24. Louis and I were together, and we just went for it. I was pretty worked up by that time though."
More silence from Lori. She seemed to sense that the story would have to come out of it's own accord. Eden knew she had to come clean.
"It was the night we played trivial pursuit and I got naked."
"Oh. My. God. Really? You got all worked up did you? You hid it well. We just ended up finishing the game after you did your little parade?"
"Well, I was naked during the rest of the game too."
"Oh were you? I was pretty drunk. But it was a pretty great night! You got caught out pretty good! That was a good night."
"A really great one for me. That's why the therapist suggested some free nudity around the house. To take me back to the time it last happened."
"I guess that makes sense. I bet she didn't anticipate you'd end up in the backyard though eh?"
"I guess not. I have another appointment tomorrow. Not sure how much I should report."
"What happened after you went inside?"
"Oh... um... I just played around with myself, and then got distracted. It didn't happen though."
"That's a shame. Might have been worth it otherwise."
"Maybe."
"Hey. Thanks for telling me. I'm sorry we haven't got to talk about it before now. Does Louis know?"
"He does now. He's obviously very supportive."
"Of course he is."
Eden leaned back in her seat and stretched out.
"It feels good to tell someone. Thanks for listening."
"Anytime. Let's make it a habit."
"Sure. Just one thing, though. Can you tell me... ah... when was your first time?"
"Oh sure! I was about 15 and thinking of Justin Timberlake, and I just started touching myself. Just played around and I guess I found my clit? And I got a bit carried away and just lost it. I didn't know what was going on. I can't believe no one told me about what to expect!"
"Did you tell anyone? Were you ashamed or anything?"
"Not really ashamed, but I kept it to myself. I guess I've been lucky that the 'Big O' seems to come pretty easily to me."
"Hmm. You are lucky. I'm jealous."
"You'll get there Eden. Just a bit of practice and a bit of public flashing and you'll be fine."
"Shut up. I have to go. Same time next week?"
"Yep. Can't wait."
***
Mary, the therapist, didn't seem that surprised.
"It's amazing what our minds can, and can't, do when sexually stimulated."
"I literally had no idea what was going on around me. Then my concentration broke, and I ran inside. I could hear these ladies giggling as I ran. One said something like 'Oh, what a shame...' So they probably won't report me in any case."
"I'd say not. But you do need to be a bit careful in future. Can you explain what you were feeling, when you were out in the yard?"
"Well, I was just rubbing my clit, and it felt good, so I..."
Mary interrupted "No, not what you were doing. Describe the sensations. What did you feel in your whole body?"
"It was nice feeling. Like, warm and tingly I guess?"
"That's good. Why do you think you couldn't sense anything around you?"
"Well. I guess I was all full up? It was like drowning in sensations. It's hard to describe exactly."
"That sounds like you're on the right path though, Eden. Keep going with the exercises from last week, using masturbation. And try out one of the other ones, as long as it's safe!"
"I will do my due diligence this time, I promise."
***
Eden pulled over on the way home. She had been using the deep breathing exercises from therapy while driving home, and felt the need to get some fresh air. Her whole body was awake, and she could feel some warmth begin to fill her from below.
Looking out from the car park adjacent to the forested nature park that Eden knew well, she sat for a moment appreciating the late afternoon sun dappling through the trees. It was still warm out.
Eden reached under her bottom, hoisted her pencil skirt up and slipped her underwear off, leaving them on the seat of the car. A few more deep breaths, and she opened the door and stepped out. There was another car parked, but no one around. Leaning against the door of the car, her hands behind her back, she stared at the entrance to the forest walk that darkened abruptly a few paces in.
Lifting her skirt up, she cupped one hand over her vulva to feel the warmth that seemed to be building with every deep breath she took. The noise of the traffic at her back became more distant as she found herself succumbing to sensations welling up inside. Eden focussed more intently on the dark tunnel of the forest entrance, her fingers finding the entrance to another dark tunnel.
Her fingers began to explore more adventurously inside, and she found a spot that responded to her fingers. Unconsciously, the skirt had ridden higher up Eden's thighs so that the line that creased her leg from her body could be seen by a walker coming out of the gloaming. Eden kept her eyes intently focussed on that spot, but there was a hunger in her eyes now.
Her hips began to move with the increasing intensity of her fingers, and one of her hands steadied herself on the car door, keeping her precariously balanced. As her knees began to spread apart, she slid her back down the car door into a half sitting position. Several times now she threw her head back as she gave in to the sensations, but quickly she returned to keep her eyes on the path through the forest.
Shadows began to dance deep inside the forest that was more than just a trick of the setting sun. A large backlit figure was moving toward her. Eden didn't break her concentration, waiting for the right moment as the figure attached to the shadow became the outline of a person, a man, who was nearly at the edge of the forest.
The figure stopped. And casually put his hands in his pockets. Eden kept her eyes firmly set on the figure, and had lost a little of her momentum with her increasing anxiety, but she continued to move her hands and hips with exaggerated movements, aware that her personal reverie had become a performance.
The man was unperturbed, and hadn't moved from his position next to the information sign that welcomed visitors. He leant against it now, and raised his hand in an ambiguous salutation. The spell was broken for Eden, and she raised herself back up the car door, her skirt making its way back to propriety. She smoothed herself out wth her hands and straightened up for the figure, that was now making his way directly toward her.
"Hello there."
"Hi."
"What are you up to?"
"Just getting a bit of extra practice in. The therapist said everyday if I could manage it."
"I'm glad to help wherever I can. I enjoyed that very much."
Louis took his wife's hands in both of his and kissed her lightly on the cheek.
"I guess you saw my car, and thought to put on a little show? But what if someone else had walked here, and was just on their way out?"
"That's the risk I was willing to take, my love, if it helps me to get my goal."
"You're such an A-type personality. Whatever it takes eh?"
"Whatever it takes."
"I'll see you at home." And Louis gave Eden a pat on her panty-less behind as he made his way to his car.
***
Eden didn't replace her underwear on the way home, but not for titillation, it just slipped her mind. And there were plenty of thoughts to keep her occupied as she auto-piloted her way home.
A lot had been happening the last few weeks since she had first seen the therapist. Eden felt like there were aspects of her sexuality that were slowly starting to awaken. It resonated when Mary, the therapist, had told her that her orgasm was her responsibility. For so long Eden had only considered herself a sexual being when she was with Louis. She had relied on her husband to awake her desire, and was now coming around to the fact that her sexual self didn't really work like that.
Eden had to force herself to engage in some of the activities that Mary had prescribed, especially the masturbation exercises; the ones that came naturally inevitably risked indecency. Mary had suggested simple things like walking around the house naked, or going without underwear to work, or a night out. Eden found her desire increasing exponentially even at the thought of exposure. Being caught out in the backyard by strangers had transported her to a world of pleasure she didn't know existed, and Eden wanted to follow the path as far as it would take her. The kind of ecstasy that she was capable of surprised her, even though to date she had only been standing in the shadow of the real thing.
She pulled in to the driveway of her after school babysitters, Nick and Becca, who had the kids after school for a few hours. The favour was returned with their kids every other day, which worked out well. They were nice people, but Louis and Eden hadn't really taken the time to get to know them. The kids all got on, which was the important thing. Nick was on the front lawn pottering in the garden, the kids playing tag or pirates or star wars or whatever it was that kids amuse themselves with. Eden rolled down her window.
"Hey Eden, how was your day?"
"Good thanks, Nick. Pretty relaxing actually, so it was probably great! You?"
"Yeah, good thanks. Nothing to report. Kids have been great as usual. Come on guys, get your things together!!" Nick shouted over the yard. There was a flurry of activity from inside and outside the house. Nick came over and stood on the passenger side the car and leaned down on the window.
"How's Louis going? He had a big report thing to do? I don't understand real jobs, sorry."
"He's doing ok with it I think. He's up a bit later at night, but I don't think he's too stressed. How's the show coming along?"
"Good. Animation is nearly done, just need to record some more voices and it's ready to air. Should be on the screens in a month or two. So... ah..." Nick stood up quickly. "I better go in and get the kids. See ya later."
He disappeared inside, and the kids emerged a minute later. Eden was perturbed as to why Nick cut their conversation short. He was usually much more sociable. Working from home, he welcomed the adult interaction, and a pick-up was often a 15 minute chat.
As Eden leaned over to open the rear doors for the kids, she saw her discarded underwear on the passenger seat. Nick must have seen it through the window. Eden felt something, but couldn't distinguish between embarrassment and... what was it? Relief. She felt good. She tucked it hurriedly under her seat.
"Hi guys, have a good day?"
"Yes, mum" came the chorused reply.
Eden felt a little light headed and a quiet tingle in her stomach all the way home.
***
"I'm turning in. See you soon?"
"Yep, I'll just finish up here. Got a few emails to send, and then I'll come to bed."
Louis sat at the kitchen table with his laptop, but his thoughts drifted to the activities his wife of 10 years had committed herself to. He had suspected that she wasn't cumming during their lovemaking, but he didn't want to bring it up to preserve Eden's feelings. But he should have. He knew he needed to be a more considerate lover. If nothing else, Eden's trips to the therapist had revealed himself to be a man he didn't want to be. Honesty was the backbone of a marriage, and they both needed to be 100%.
Eden's forays in discovering her pleasure had had its benefits for Louis too. She showed more initiative in the bedroom, and it allowed Louis to relax and enjoy being swallowed up by the love that he had for his wife. That nagging discontent that is a product of humanity had dulled slightly for Louis as his wife explored territory he had never considered they could be a part of. The future looked unknown, and exciting.
And now the TV in the living room flashed up a white 'thinking' screen. Louis went to check what had ben left on (probably the kids he thought), when a message come on:
'Allow screen sharing?'
Louis clicked 'ok' on the remote, his own bedroom filling up the screen. He took a moment to take in the scene of his bed, seen from it's foot, and the ambience created by the five or so candles placed around the edges of the frame. Eden, disrobed, came in to view from her knees to her breasts as she made a quick adjustment to the camera angle. She walked around the edge of the bed, retrieved something from the floor, and lay down on the bed with her knees up, her head propped up and visible between her thighs.
Eden raised her hand up so Louis could see what she was holding. It was hard to make out exactly, but it didn't take Louis much imaginative leap to work out that Eden had bought herself a vibrator. They had never talked about toys before, and it gave Louis a tinge of regret that he hadn't suggested it. Eden was probably too shy to ask, or considered it to be emasculating to Louis. But that thought quickly dissipated into the gratitude Louis felt for this mysterious sex therapist.
Louis sat down on the couch, loosened his trousers and prepared to watch the show. On the TV, Eden at first looked over her new toy, exploring it for the functions and buttons. She turned it on, and held it up to her ear, and then placed the head against her wrist. It stayed there for a moment while Eden adjusted herself sideways on the bed, so now Louis' view was Eden in profile, knees up and head tilted straight up at the ceiling.
Eden reached down between her legs, and a grimace crossed her face, followed by an eye roll. The vibrator was tossed nonchalantly to the side, and she reached up above her head to the bed side table. Eden extracted a bottle of lube and applied it to the vibrator, and she was ready to go again.
The toy disappeared from Louis' view behind Eden's flexed leg. Eden turned to face the camera, with her free hand now moving to pillow her head, and raised her eyebrows at her voyeur as if to say "how's this for you?". Her hand moved up and down slowly while Eden stared through the TV screen at Louis, her expression unchanging for a few minutes as she found her rhythm.
Then suddenly, she found a spot and her head retracted back as her back arched. Her free hand grabbed the crumpled duvet next to her buttocks, and her hips began to press forward against the pulsating pleasure of her toy. Louis could see Eden's nipples stand out ever so slightly atop her chest, her breasts dropping sideways so that that the nipples pointed straight at Louis like a beacon. For his part he adjusted himself too.
Eden's active hand became more so, searching inside for the spot that would take her over the edge. Her whole body began to exercise it's feeling as legs, arms, head and face flushed a glowing rose colour. And then her body relaxed, the frenetic movements faded away, and she swayed her head once more to the camera. Her pointer finger motioned a 'come hither' at Louis, who responded immediately. Louis came in to the room and sat down on the bed, comforting his flushed, but clearly irritated wife.
"How'd you go?"
"Pretty good. It felt good. But... there's some kind of barrier when it gets really intense. I get inside my own head, and I just can't let go."
Eden's eyes welled with teary disappointment, and Louis gave her leg a condescending pat.
"The therapist said it takes time and practice though right? It's only been a few weeks. You're training your body to do something its not accustomed to. Don't be too hard on yourself."
"I know. Some women can do it just by thinking about it. I'm just frustrated, because I feel like I'm making a pretty flipping great effort!"
Louis smiled at his wife's decency. "You certainly are. I'm loving sexual Eden. I loved the old one too, but I feel different because of what you're up to. I want to share the journey. Thanks."
"Well what have I got to lose eh?"
"Nothing. And much to gain. Should we ...errr..." Louis motioned at Eden's naked body.
"Of course. One of us at least should get some satisfaction."
***
Louis had called in sick. But the spring in his step and mischievous twinkle that made his eyebrows dance above his auburn eyes suggested something was up.
"I'll get the kids to school, and pick you up in half an hour. You don't need anything, it's all organised."
"Ok. What's all this about?"
"Just a day out is all. To celebrate."
"What are we celebrating?"
"I don't know yet, but we are. See you soon."
Eden wandered around the house idly picking up clothes, putting dishes away, wondering what Louis had planned for the day. He used to do this kind of thing when they were dating, until the routines of adult life - work, responsibilities, houses, kids - had gradually ground spontaneity to a halt.
Where had the 10 years of marriage gone? Eden had met Louis at university, doing a class together. They had mutual friends and eventually found themselves at the same parties. They talked, and stayed late one night, and kissed, and dated. They broke up for 6 months just before graduating.
Neither of them handled it well. It was those same mutual friends that demanded they get back together. They met, had coffee, and realised what they had when they were together matched exactly what was missing when they were apart. They gave in to the inevitability of their partnership, marrying only a year later. They were young, in love, and the best of friends. They had something people were envious of; an easy camaraderie. Who needs fireworks when you can have the warmth of the fire?
"Beep Beep."
Louis was standing at the door.
"You idiot."
Eden flung her handbag over her shoulder and strode out the door as Louis held it open for her.
"You sure I don't need to pack anything?"
"No, my love, the day is all organised! Mostly!"
Edens stomach tightened a little. Louis' idea of packing for a picnic was a thermos and enough money for a luke-warm service station pie.
They drove north and hit the highway, passing the familiar suburban sprawls that stretched endlessly out of the city. Passing all the usual turn offs that might be a decent day out for a picnic, Eden began to feel the anticipation of the unknown.
"What are we doing? Any clues?"
"It's an adventure. There will be some exercise."
"I'm wearing jeans. What kind of exercise?"
"It's all sorted. Don't worry. What does your therapist always say? Try to enjoy the present."
That was the other thing about seeing the sex therapist. Eden was realising that the principles that a sex therapist espouses work equally well when applied to everyday life. Honesty, communication, mindfulness... it wasn't just Eden's sexuality that had experienced an enlightenment. She felt more open to everything the world had to offer. Enjoy your food, enjoy your children, enjoy the noise, the silence, the happy times, the melancholia. The overwhelming frustration caused by her failure to orgasm began to fade when Eden focussed on all the blessings that her life was made up of. And driving on an open road, with her lover, friend, partner, husband and father of her children was blessing enough. This was a good day.
The road signs told them that suburbia was behind them. The next exits would take them east toward the coast, and the beach. In fact, at the next exit Louis indicated and they swung around to drive directly toward the mid morning sun. Driving in silence, the sounds of the radio broadcasting news and weather and unconcerning world events provided an meandering background noise. Occasionally Louis would look over at his day dreaming wife and smile. Eden seemed to have more internal monologue these days. There was much to be processed.
The open road gave way to more housing as they approached the coastline, with Louis now squinting at road signs every intersection. Eventually finding one to his satisfaction, they headed south and wound their way through a sleepy fishing hamlet and finally pulled up at a protected beach several kilometres south of the main drag where the holiday makers and full time surfers spent their days.
A shed marked "Bobs Boat Hire" fronted the water, with an array of water craft lined up haphazardly at it's side. Louis reached around behind his seat, retrieved a duffel bag and threw it on Eden's lap.
"Everything you'll need. You can get changed in the rooms over there. Meet me at Bob's shed there when you're ready."
Eden swung her bag lazily at her side, pleased at how the day was panning out. A sail on the ocean, maybe some shell fish, enjoying the spring air with Louis sounded like a day she might plan for herself.
Opening the bag in the rooms, Eden was a little disheartened by the lack of weight. The sun cream bottle was actually the only thing giving it some substance. There was a beach towel, and a new black bikini. Eden held the small bits of fabric up to inspect. The top was a bandeau style with a small cutaway feature between the breasts. The bottoms were, not exactly a thong, but Eden imagined that quite a bit of her ass would be displayed; maybe half and half. Trying them on, it was clear Louis had done his research, as the fit was perfect, even if they were quite a bit more revealing than what Eden was accustomed to. At the beach in any case, she thought to herself.
Eden wrapped the towel around her waist, collected her clothes in the bag and made her way out to the rendezvous point, where Louis was already stationed over a twin seat kayak, a dry bag attached to the back compartment.
"The clothes can go back in the car," Louis said as her busied himself with paddles and life jackets. "How's the fit?" He looked up now at Eden, who smiled, turned on her heels and walked back toward the car. She slipped a hand down her waist and pulled at the towel, holding it jauntily above her head as she sashayed, hips rebounding from side to side. The bottoms cut her cheeks directly in half, and every step she took rode the fabric further between her cheeks so by the time she reached the car she had to reach around to adjust the material back to a measure of half decency. Eden opened the boot, tossed the bag in, flipped the towel over her shoulder and headed back to Louis, who had not moved a muscle since Eden had turned her back.
"So, what do you think of the fit?"
Louis had to swallow, but still stumbled over his words "You look perf... I mean, they look great. You look great. It fits... um... I love it."
Eden bent over to stuff her towel in the dry bag on the back of the kayak, swinging her bottom around so Louis could ogle.
"Thanks for organising this Louis, I think this is going to be great. I hope you packed some decent food and drinks!"
"Don't worry about anything, I think I'll surprise you. I packed the thermos."
Eden's eyes darted up, but relaxed when she saw the grin creasing Louis' mouth. Just enjoy the moment, Eden, she thought.
Bob, the proprietor, came over for a run down of water safety and some of the sights they might see on the trip, directing his conversation toward Eden, who felt compelled to stand face on to Bob, her hands protecting her backside from imaginary predators.
The inlet was actually only protected by a sand bar that came to point not far north of Bob's shed, so Louis and Eden could paddle up and around to the eastern side of the sand bar, and find themselves on un-patrolled, untouched national park beach that stretched as far as the eye could see. The modest sand bar on the northern tip expanded into a formidable island only accessible on this side by SUV.
They paddled south after rounding the northern point, past deserted beaches fronted by dense, low scrub. Occasionally an SUV would poke it's nose out of a track, or a fisherman would be standing knee deep in the gentle waves, floating his line in hope more than expectation. Otherwise, this was a picture of paradise an hour from home that they had never visited.
The vegetation became less scrubby and more forested as they paddled just beyond the breaks, and the expanse of sand between the waters edge and the tree line grew. There was less car traffic now, and after paddling for thirty minutes, it seemed they hadn't seen a soul for the last ten.
Eden rode up front as the inexperienced paddler, giving Louis the chance to stare at Edens bare back side as it bobbed on the seat in time to her strokes. The scenery barely demanded his attention as he made a right turn into the beach, hoping to drift in to shore on the breaks.
Docking their craft at the top of the waters edge, Louis unloaded his bag under the shade of the tree line. Picnic blanket, wine, cheese, towels, a couple of books, magazines... Louis had out-done himself. It wasn't long before they were both stretched out in the shade, taking in the sights and sounds of nature at its best.
"This is just gorgeous Louis, how did you find it?"
"Just heard about it at work actually. A few of the guys go camping up here, and I google mapped it and thought we could get here by boat."
They eased in to silence, occasionally picking at a slice of fruit or cheese, or sipping at the bottle of crisp white wine. Every now and then a car would motor past on the hard sand left by the receding tide, but otherwise they were quite alone.
"Well, it's quite warm enough now for a dip."
Eden lifted her head in acknowledgment and returned to her reading. It was only when she looked up as Louis approached the waters edge that she saw his bare white backside striking a deep contrast against the ocean. She giggled to herself while watching Louis creep his way slowly through oncoming waves, finally diving below a break, his white ass protruding by itself for an amusing half second.
Eden hadn't skinny dipped before. She was pretty sure that Louis had indulged a few times at University. They certainly hadn't swam together like that. She watched as Louis floated up and down on the rolling waves, occasionally mustering the energy to ride a wave in to shore.
Eden unclipped her top and tucked her thumbs through the sides of the bottoms, quickly slipping them down her legs and on to the towel below. She sat for moment, listening for sounds of traffic, or voices, while mustering the courage to make the walk between the covered tree line and the water. Anyone coming by would be miles away anyway, she reasoned. She waited for Louis to be occupied before standing up and running across sand.
Louis didn't know of Edens presence until she slipped her arms around his waist and pressed her body into his back.
"I thought you were a shark!!"
"I could be. I'm dressed like one."
"Does it feel good? I love the feel of the water. One with the ocean."
"Hmm. It's nice."
Louis turned himself around so they could embrace. They kissed, and felt hands on thighs, buttocks, legs, backs. Eden swayed away from Louis suddenly.
"I'd like to catch some waves, I'm trying for that break over there. Race ya."
Louis knew she spoke in jest, as this would be no race worth having. Eden was a swimmer at school, and Louis felt that surviving above the water was achievement enough. He stayed where he was where the waves could roll past to watch Eden enjoy herself.
Facing slightly toward Louis with the angle of waves, Eden rode her first wave nearly to the edge of the water line, such was her expertise in this environment. Now Louis could enjoy her entire naked figure walk back out through the crashing water, leaping over some breaks, diving beneath others.
It was from this distance, Louis mused, that he enjoyed seeing his wife the most. He could observe her as a stranger might, and he appreciated the simple grace with which she walked, the confidence she projected when she ducked and dived, the athletic figure that was hardened by child rearing. Was her figure good by objective standards? Louis couldn't say. He only knew it was a body that belonged to the woman he loved, giving each womanly curve a context that could drive him wild with desire. There were certainly more nubile women on the planet, but this one was what Louis wanted.
"That's how you catch a wave!" Eden could just be heard over the tumble of water.
"Amazing! You're a natural."
Beyond Edens shoulder Louis could see a vehicle approaching along the beach.
"I'll pick the wave, and then see how you go?"
"Sure! I can catch anything you throw at me!"
The first set came through, and it had too much water in front of it to ride, so Louis motioned to let it pass.
"I could have done it!" Eden called.
A vehicle was steadily approaching from the north, but speed and distance were hard to judge from Louis' position. Louis thought he'd have a stab at it. He waved his hands at the next set for Eden to ride. She responded in acknowledgment and began swimming.
Her head went down into water as her arms began to flail wildly. It was an easy wave, Louis knew, but that wasn't the point. The vehicle was perhaps 100 metres from them, and began to slow as the inhabitants became aware of people on the beach. Eden was swimming on top of the wave and it broke with her swooping down in to its wash, rising to the front with expertise. Her right arm out in front to guide, Eden found the part of the wave gathering momentum, and put her head down to enjoy the ride.
The vehicle was now right between themselves and their picnic, Eden making a beeline towards them as it slowed to an almost stop. A side wave from Edens blind side eventually stopped the ride, tipping her over in the wash. There was a blur of white, and then Louis' nude wife emerged triumphantly from the water, hands raised momentarily.
Until she saw the SUV in front of her, and 3 amused faces staring wide eyed at the windows.
Edens hands clamped back down frantically over her private areas, hands splayed across chest and legs. She spun and dove back into the water, where she sat down with her back to the car, and proceeded to crab crawl her way on her hands back to the safety of the deeper water. The onlookers eventually pulled away up the beach.
"Gotcha."
"Did you know they were there?"
"Maybe."
"Oh well, not the first time is it? And that's just part of the fun right?"
"It was fun for me. Did you have fun?"
"I am now. But I get a bit panicky in the moment. As if it even matters who sees me? I look ok, don't I?"
"Who cares if you didn't look ok? But of course you do. I'm getting the next one in."
"I might stay for a little while, the water is just sublime."
As he leaned back on his elbows, towel draped over his front, Louis considered the events of the last few weeks. It occurred to him that no matter how much time you spent with a person, no matter how well you think you know them, there's no way of penetrating their deepest, most private thoughts. There was an interior world that Eden had lived for years that Louis was quite ignorant of. He resolved to ask more questions in the future, to be a part of that world that Eden had encased herself in.
The night they played Trivial pursuit with friends and Eden had ended up naked had often crept in to Louis' mind. He didn't know how to feel at the time; there was guilt that he was turned on by Eden exposing herself, added to a possessiveness he felt for Eden. He wanted her all to himself, not to be shared with people who didn't desire her the way Louis did. It wasn't that he considered it unfaithfulness, but Louis felt something gnaw at him. It manifested itself that night as passionate, animalistic sex when they got back his apartment.
Now, however, Louis had more self confidence. His insecurities he had as a youth we're largely gone now, replaced with the feelings of inadequacy as a parent and worker. And now, he was becoming aware, a lover too. She was an independent entity that had her own fears, dreams and inadequacies. Louis had to let her explore her own path, being the partner that stands beside her until the end. Whatever Eden needed to make her fantasized pleasure a reality, Louis was prepared to be the passive, supportive partner.
There were muttering voices coming from the bush behind him. He sat up to wave to Eden, but she was far too immersed in her activity. The voices became clearer, and soon enough two hikers kitted out with oversized back packs emerged from the scrub a little way down from their spot. Two young women, perhaps in their mid 20's, dropped their packs heavily onto the sand and stretched their backs. They spent a minute observing the beach as one tends to do when seeing the ocean; looking this way and that, taking in the sights, sounds and smells that only a beach provides.
Expanding their view, they looked over at Louis and gave a friendly wave. Louis returned the wave, with one of the women interpreting this as an invitation, she already walking over to where Louis was lounging.
"Hi there!"
"Hi yourself."
"This is a lovely spot, right? Did you hike too?"
"No, my wife and I bought bought a Kayak, and came in from the sea. That's a nice way to end up here too."
"I'll bet. That your wife out there?"
"Sure is."
"She's good on those waves, man."
"I know."
The woman's friend had now joined, and stood a little behind, understandably wary. The first one squinted her eyes at Eden, raised her hand above her eyebrows, and then "Is she naked?"
"Yes." Louis looked straight ahead, a little nervous about what came next.
"Cool. Do you need, or does she need, some privacy? We don't mind either way?"
"I think... if you don't mind, then my wife won't mind. I don't have anything on under the towel, just so you know."
"Oh. Ok, well just do whatever you feel comfortable with, don't mind us. We can leave if you'd like?"
"No really, it's fine. We've had a lovely morning and had run out of things to say to each other anyway."
"Ha. Ok. Well, I'm Sammy, and this is Claudia. We're just going on a hike and a swim. Never been here, but it's amazing!
"Louis. And Eden," pointing out to sea, "are you from nearby?"
"No, we're travelling together for a year. Going across the whole country."
"How far in to your trip are you?"
"Couple of months. It's been good."
"What's the highlight?"
"Um. This has been good so far. And we've only just hit the beach! It's so beautiful!"
Eden had noticed the girls, and decided to stay in the water. She was facing Louis the whole time now, perhaps finished swimming, waiting for a chance to come back ashore.
"Well. Mind if we sit down? I'd like to meet your wife?"
"Sure, she'll be in soon."
Sammy and Claudia made themselves comfortable in the grassy sand, pulling out drink bottles and wrapped bars from their belts. Louis motioned to Eden to come ashore, which was retuned with palms raised to the sky asking "What is going on?" Again, Louis motioned, and he saw a slight shake of the head from Eden. She turned back in to the waves and disappeared beneath.
"You guys do nude swimming much?"
"No actually. This is our first time together. My wife's first time ever."
"Is she nervous about us seeing her?"
"I think so, but she'll be ok."
"Are you sure?"
"I'm positive. Why would she be naked if there's wasn't a chance of being seen? That's all part of it isn't it?"
"I guess. As long as you're sure."
Another 10 minutes went by chatting about some of the places they'd been. Sammy was good company, and Claudia was monosyllabic, but friendly. Eden was crouched down in the shallows, observing the conversation from afar, and finally she raised up enough spirit to stand and begin striding back to their camp. She walked purposefully and quickly, as if she hadn't decided if she was going to embrace this just yet.
"Oh here she comes now. Eden isn't it?"
Louis nodded. Eden didn't try and cover any of herself, but had decided she may as well own her situation. As she approached, Louis saw how flushed her face was, water flicking off her body as she energetically made her way over to the group. She waved sheepishly at the visitors.
"Hi there."
"Hi! Louis said we could sit here, I hope that's ok?"
Eden and Louis exchanged glances as Eden stood before them, leaning down to pick up her towel. She remained uncovered, tilted her head to the side and began drying her hair.
"Of course, that's fine."
"How's the water?"
"Just great. A little cool, but once you get going you never want to leave."
"We'll definitely be going in a bit later. I'm Sammy, this is Claudia."
"Eden. nice to meet you."
Eden had finished drying herself off and Louis eagerly awaited her next move. Did she like this? Did she want to keep it up? Or had he pushed it too far?
In answer to these internal questions, Eden tossed her towel over a low hanging branch of a tree, standing in front of Louis, hands outstretched.
"Does your towel need drying too?"
Touche. Louis smiled at his naked wife and her mischievous grin, handing over his towel with a little hesitation, totally snookered. He didn't want to look, but out of the corner of his eye he noted that the hikers didn't seem too perturbed. The hot air hung about them, and they leaned back and closed their eyes.
Some time later, Eden spoke quietly for Louis to hear, "it's amazing how used to this you can get?"
"Hmm?"
"I'd totally forgotten I was naked."
"Oh yeah. I suppose so."
"Do you feel at all uncomfortable with those girls looking at you?"
"Maybe initially, but once they've seen it, that's it. And we probably won't ever see them again."
"Yeah. Even though I'd forgotten I was nude... I am... um... don't worry."
"Come on. You can't leave that one hanging."
"I was just going to say that I'm still pretty... you know... all heated up."
"Are you trying to tell me you're horny Eden?"
"Yes, my dear. I'm raging to go. Maybe that elusive orgasm is closer than I think." Eden rolled her eyes and lay back again. "How long will the girls be sitting there?"
Louis raised his head. "Oh. They're gone." He scanned around the area where they were sitting a few meters away, evidence left behind them in the form of back packs and food wrappers.
"Maybe they've gone for a walk."
From behind him came the voice of the extraverted Sammy, "Hey guys, we're going to hit the water now, do you mind watching our stuff?"
Louis twisted his torso around to face two naked, beautiful brunettes, hair cascading down shoulders, breasts pert, nipples pale and pointed, straight legs that rounded into sleight hips, and a neat trim that seemed, at this moment, modest.
"Of course, enjoy the water!"
The girls casually wandered down to the water, not minding the SUV that hooted as they waited for it to pass. And on they strode, carefree, without a moments hesitation diving into the cool blue sea.
So transfixed by the sight, Louis forget about the beauty beside him. It was she that spoke first.
"Wow."
"Yeah. More so for me than you I imagine?"
"I can appreciate a good thing when I see it. Couldn't tell they were hiding those hot little bodies under hiking pants?"
Eden's eyes met Louis' and maintained her gaze, which Louis reciprocated, as out of the corner of his eye he could see Eden's hand inching down between her legs. He reached out to touch Eden lightly on the face, she turned to kiss his palm. All the while her hand moved below, her breath becoming more deliberate on the exhale. Louis desperately wanted to lean back and enjoy the whole of Eden's body as it began to tremble with the initial spasms of pleasure, instead he committed to being the supportive partner, maintaining eye contact and gently stroking Eden's face with his thumb.
Eden extended her neck, eyes closed, her other hand involuntarily reaching out and grabbing the point of Louis' hip. She continued to stroke steadily now as the heat emanating from her sex rose through her stomach, then chest, then neck and ears. Each part of her body flushed red in response to the rising heat. Louis was able to sit back now as Eden had lost the awareness of his presence, lost awareness of everything but the heat that was coursing through her blood, like a drug, like a light that was shining out of her convulsing pussy. She tried to still her mind, forcing her eyes shut tight so that her focus was only on the touch. She didn't know whose touch, whether her, or Louis, or the two vixens, and it didn't matter. The sensations, what were they? They were a combination of all senses coming to a glorious unity inside her body, and it now felt like it wanted to explode out of every pore in her skin. Just let it out, Eden scolded her resisting body, just let go, focus on the pleasure, we're nearly there, we're nearly there...
And then it was gone. She became aware that it was only her calloused hand inside her, the sun, the breeze, the salty air once agin became a part of the surrounding reality. Louis was there, sitting quietly beside her, smiling with his eyes. She let out a long deep sigh. A tear followed shortly after.
"I just can't do it, Louis."
"You will. You were close then were't you?"
"I think so? Something happens when I get close, and I can't get over the edge. I feel turned on, I'm happy, it's a perfect moment... if not now, then when?"
"I don't know. But it's still fun to try right? We have to keep trying, you are doing great."
Returning from the water, Sammy and Claudia dried themselves, sans towels, in the sun. Sammy came over while Claudia busied herself with packing gear.
"Time for us to hit the track again. Really great meeting you two. And good luck with... you know... everything!" As she said 'everything', Sammy dragged an index finger lightly across her pubic hair, spun on her heels and gave an exaggerated flick of her hips as she sauntered away.
"Nice to meet you too", Louis called, in lieu of the silence from an embarrassed Eden.
"Well, they seemed nice? Must have overhead us earlier eh?" Louis tried to play down the tension he felt coming from Eden.
"Did they see me as well?"
"Well, it's hard to say, it's a fair way to the water..."
Eden interrupted "Louis, did those two girls just watch me masturbate in a beach?"
"Hmm. I guess they may have had a bit of..."
"Louis!"
"Yes! They saw you! They watched the whole time. I hope they enjoyed it as much as I did. Sorry if that was too much for you."
He looked over at Eden, who's smile stretched across her contented face.
***