Sir had taken Carrie out to lunch followed by a day of shopping. He bought her dresses, shoes, purses, and lingerie. He even took her to get a manicure and pedicure. He loved spoiling her.
They put all of her bags in the limo and Sir said he had another surprise for her.
He took her to a huge skyscraper that had a rotating restaurant at the top. Although they had already eaten lunch he thought she would like to see the building and maybe see what they had for dessert.
They entered the building and finally found the elevators. Once it arrived they got in with a crowd of people and worked their way to the back left corner. He stood with his back to the corner and she stood in front of him. He had his hands on her waist as the elevator continued to fill.
They had to go to the penthouse floor (140) so they were in for a long ride. The elevator began making its climb when Carrie felt his fingers on her bare back. She liked wearing sun dresses with no bra and he was taking full advantage of the fact.
He slowly let his fingers glide between her shoulder blades. She acted as though she didn't notice but he made her skin tingle. He pulled her closer to him, she could feel the bulge of his cock pressed against her ass.
He leaned forward and kissed her neck then whispered in her ear, "I'm going to fuck you before we get to the top floor." She turned and looked at him with a wide eyed expression, but he also noticed a glimmer of mischief in her eyes.
She turned back to face the front of the elevator while she reached back to stroke his thick cock. He wrapped one arm around her waist and reached up to massage her breast.
With his other hand he was pulling the back of her dress up.
People were steadily getting on and off the elevator as she stroked him through his pants. He released her waist and put his hand under her dress so he could rub her ass. Fuck he loved her ass!
She managed to unzip his pants and pull his cock out. She was standing right up against him so no one really noticed. Plenty of men and a few women noticed her nipples poking through the fabric of her dress though!
He slipped her thong to the side and she spread her legs to accommodate his thick cock. She felt his fat cock head slip inside her wet pussy. She let out a barely audible sigh. She couldn't believe this was happening! She pushed back against him as he slid in and out.
As the elevator went higher, more people got off than on. Finally it was just the two of them but they didn't know for how long! As soon as the door closed Carrie bent over and grabbed her ankles. Sir grabbed her hips and fucked her furiously. Her ass shook with each stroke. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of her!
Her breasts had fallen out of the top of her dress. She stood up to fix them when Sir reached around and grabbed both of them in his hands. He pulled her back against him as he pinched her hard nipples.
She turned her head to him and kissed him deep. He was fucking her hard now. Her pussy was so wet they were making sloshing noises and the elevator smelled like raw sex. Luckily the elevator hadn't stopped but they were almost at the top.
Her grabbed her breasts harder and pounded her little pussy until his cock erupted inside her. She was rubbing her clit like mad and came just as he did. They kissed passionately through their orgasms until their bodies stopped trembling.
Just then the elevator stopped with a "ding!" Carrie pulled her dress over her breasts and he slid out of her cum filled pussy. When the doors opened the smell of sex wafted out of the elevator to all of the people waiting.
They were both barely put back together when they noticed some couples smiling at them as they exited. "How does ice cream sound?" He asked her. She adjusted her panties to catch his cum and said, "That sounds delicious", I can't wait for the ride down. Carrie thought that the elevator wouldn't be the only thing going down later!