If you're new to the series, please take note: this story is in the Nonconsent category. As usual, in addition to graphic nonconsent, this episode also features pervasive coercion and humiliation. Consider yourself warned!
This story is a fantasy. The author does not condone any real-world nonconsensual touching or sexual activity, infliction of pain or emotional distress, or mistreatment of any person.
CIA Headquarters, Langley, Virginia, June 2007
Amanda sat at her desk, bleary-eyed, sipping her extra-large coffee. She'd suffered yet another episode of nightmares the night before. Normally, she'd be disappointed by the unusually meager stack of interecepts in her in basket, but today she was grateful for the respite.
Maybe she had time to meet with Percy today. She wasn't looking forward it, but she would have to confront him sooner or later. She couldn't endure the nightmares much longer, and her work quality was beginning to slip.
She'd completed every task Percy had assigned, and executed every order. Every one. Now he had to upgrade her status and give her the mission he'd dangled. No more stalling.
She dialed Natasha.
An hour later, as she waited in Percy's office, her thoughts returned to her mission debrief two weeks earlier. She reminded herself this wasn't the time or place to process those events. But as the minutes wore on with no sign of Percy, and no intercepts with which to distract herself, she struggled to avoid the memory.
Natasha poked her head in. "He's still with Harlan. No telling how long he'll be. Call you when he's back?"
"Thanks, Natasha, but I'll wait."
"Suit yourself."
Amanda shifted in the uncomfortable chair, recrossed her legs, and tucked the fabric of her skirt beneath her. Maybe it would help her decide what to say to Percy now, if she spent a minute remembering the debrief.
* * *
The final part of the team's presentation, which she narrated, featured the most graphic footage of her sexual exploitation. These climactic moments conclusively demonstrated her ability to leverage her sex appeal to achieve the mission's objective.
However, the exploitation was traumatic, and her retelling was particularly humiliating, even if an essential element of leadership's review. She pushed through to the end, but as the video concluded, she broke down in tears.
After a few minutes, the wave of emotion passed, and she dried her eyes with her handkerchief, until she noticed Tyler grinning at her from across the table. Following his gaze, she realized he was looking down the front of her little cocktail dress, and she took an apple from beside Emma's handbag and threw it at him, striking him in the head.
"Ow! That hurt!" said Tyler, as the room erupted in laughter.
"That was my lunch," said Emma as she slapped Amanda on the back of the head. More laughter.
"I thought you'd seen enough of my chest by now, Tyler," said Amanda, as she wiped streaks of mascara from her cheeks.
Still rubbing his temple, Tyler came around the table, knelt beside her, took her hand in his, and kissed it lightly. "I'll never get enough of your beautiful breasts, Amanda. Will you marry me?" He reached up and squeezed both her breasts.
Amanda hit him in the cheekbone with a closed fist. He fell over onto his hip.
Wilson stood up. "Tyler, get back in your chair before you embarrass yourself any further." As he sat down, he exchanged glances with Harlan, who wore a bemused expression.
Percy extended his arms along the sides of the table. "Let's calm down. Now, next steps. I assume Tyler will go back to Dubai, show Amir the video, and tell him our terms. Unless you've decided to replace him, Wilson?"
Wilson shook his head. "I'll stick with Tyler. Despite his recent lapses in judgement."
"I have to say," said Percy, "Amanda has demonstrated more ability and initiative than your other two team members put together. Not to mention, she's hot as fuck."
"I'm right here!" said Amanda. Heat from the large monitor made the room very warm, and she pulled her arms from the sleeves of her cardigan.
Wilson gave Amanda a long look. "I agree, but those aren't the primary qualifications to successfully negotiate with Amir. For one thing, he doesn't respect her. Furthermore, she's still in provisional status. And frankly, I don't care if she brings me OBL's head on a platter, I'm not giving her a major operational role until she's fully proven herself."
Amanda looked at Percy. "I've completed the training and put in my time. You can take me off provisional status any time."
Percy nodded. "True. But I'm still seeing some problematic behavior. For example, you tried to honeypot Amir, but when he tried to feel your tits, you grabbed his wrists, and when he reached for your pussy, you clamped your legs together like the gates to Ft. Knox."
Wilson and Tyler nodded their agreement.
Amanda pursed her lips. She'd grown accustomed to Percy's vulgar language, but she still bristled when he referred to her own body.
"Then Tyler assembled an informative report on his successful operation, highlighting your own contribution, and you stopped his presentation because you're still embarrassed for anyone to see you naked. Which, by the way, is something you expressly agreed to, in writing, as a condition of employment."
Percy shook his head. "Frankly, Amanda, I don't know what to do with you. I've spent countless hours on your remedial habituation, and called in favors from other leaders for private sessions. Each time, you improve for a while, but then I see another case of willful disobedience. Before I invest more effort, you need to fully commit to our goals and demonstrate a better grasp of your own role."
Amanda felt this criticism like a flurry of punches to the gut. Ashamed, she hung her head for a long minute. When she looked up, she saw Tyler and Emma smirking, which was almost too much to bear. She thought about quitting right then and there.
But then she remembered why she was here. She'd joined the CIA to avenge her father. That need still burned within her. To get to this point, she'd overcome so many obstacles. What a waste it would be to quit now, with her goal in sight.
She forced herself to focus on Percy's feedback, painful as it was to hear. The answer was right in front of her. She simply had to conquer her excessive modesty, her puritanical thinking, her sense of shame. These impediments were all of her own making.
The others were all talking, but when she stood, they quieted. She turned to face Percy squarely and used her most sincere voice. "I'm so sorry for wasting your time, Percy. Please give me another chance to demonstrate my commitment."
He looked at her for a few beats, then motioned her closer.
She walked over to stand beside him, put her hands behind her back, and bowed her head.
"What's the name of that new guy, again?"
She looked at him blankly. "What guy?"
"You know. The man you're meeting for cocktails tonight. The one for whom you dressed up so pretty, and put on all that elaborate makeup."
How did he know already? She didn't want to have this conversation.
Percy's intrusive questions highlighted a disadvantage of dating people from work. But whenever she met anyone outside the CIA, it fell apart. Invariably, they couldn't tolerate her unwillingness to discuss her work, not to mention her abrupt, unexplained disappearances.
Now her shoulders slumped. "Um, Jason. Jason Carruthers. If that's even his real name."
Percy picked up the phone. "Get Jason Carruthers down here."
He huddled with Wilson briefly, then turned back to Amanda. "What's the purpose of the CIA?"
Taken aback, she thought for a moment, then opened her mouth to speak.
Percy gestured. "Tell them."
She turned to face the group. "To serve --"
The door swung open, and Jason eased his imposing form inside. When he saw Amanda standing beside Percy in her short black cocktail dress, he smiled and sat down.
She avoided Jason's eye. "To serve as the nation's first line of defense. To give America's leaders the intelligence they need to keep this country safe."
Percy nodded. "And as a woman in NCS, what's your role in that?"
"To carry out the mission to which I've been assigned."
"And currently, what is that mission?"
She bit her lip. Her eyes flicked toward Jason, then away.
"Tell them."
She watched Jason study her long legs, barely covered by the short hem of her cocktail dress. She drew a deep breath, and looked at the ceiling. "I'm a sex toy." The corners of her mouth inverted.
She turned back to Percy. "My role is to gratify the sexual urges of the targets you specify."
"How well are you doing? What would Tyler and Emma say?"
She looked over at Emma. Emma sneered back at her.
"Not a complete success, I guess." Her cheek twitched.
"What should we do about that?" He flicked his eyes toward her butt.
"Oh. Oh, no, Percy. Please."
"What should we do about that?" he repeated, more sharply.
"Please. Not here, in front of --" She cut her eyes toward Jason again, then quickly looked away. "Everyone." Her chin quivered.
Percy stood up. "I'm waiting."
She really did deserve it, she thought to herself.
She drew in her breath, reached out a shaky hand, flattened her palm against the tabletop, and leaned forward. She felt the low neckline of her dress shift.
"Really?" said Percy. "That's the best you can do?"
She grimaced, but after a moment she put her other palm on the table and bent over further. The hard edge of the table pressed against the fronts of her upper thighs.
The narrow skirt of her dress stretched taut. She eased her feet a little closer together, but the fabric still felt very tight across her bottom.
She couldn't resist the urge to glance down at her chest. Her breasts hung away from her body, and as she'd feared, the plunging neckline of her dress strained to contain them. Jason stared. A blush crept across her cheeks.
"Move to the left," said Percy, pointing her toward Jason. He pulled at her shoulder. "No, lower." He pushed down on her back.
She supported herself on her elbows and closed her eyes. She couldn't bear to watch Jason look straight down the front of her dress. A cold tear traced a path down her hot cheek.
"You were going to show him later anyway," said Percy.
True, she thought to herself. But I wanted him to invest some effort, to win me over first. To buy me dinner. To kiss me softly, tentatively, then again with more passion.
I wanted him to wrap his powerful arms around me, she thought. I wanted to feel the hard muscles of his chest against my breasts. I wanted him to whisper his desire for me as he unwrapped me in private, as he saw the panties I wore just for him, as he appreciated my body for the first time. I wanted to see how hard I made him.
Another tear plopped onto the table.
"You're forgetting something," Percy prompted.
"Percy. Please. There are six people here."
He waited.
She huffed. Sometimes he could be such a jerk. But she reached behind herself, gathered a handful of fabric, and pulled it higher.
With a sigh, she reached back again, grasped the hem of her dress, and raised it to her waist.
"Fuck," said Wilson.
Tyler shook his head. "Why do I always end up at the wrong end of the table?"
Percy drummed his fingers on the table. "And?"
Amanda turned her head and looked at him coldly. "You must be high."
"I'm waiting."
She gritted her teeth. You're such an asshole, she whispered to herself.
"What was that?"
"Nothing." She reached back once more, grabbed the elastic of her black bikini panties, and wrenched them down to her knees.
"I'll take those."
She scoffed, but after a moment, she pushed the elastic lower, then awkwardly lifted one foot, then the other, and slapped her tangled panties into his outstretched hand.
Percy pinched the delicate waistband between his thumb and forefinger, letting the lacy fabric disentangle and hang freely.
At that moment, the door opened again and Natasha walked in. Amanda's underwear drew her eye, and then she spotted their owner, bent over the table. She smirked at her, then turned to Harlan. "Stacy asked me to let you know. Your 1:00 is waiting in your office."
"Time flies," said Harlan as he rose from his seat.
Natasha glanced at the front of his pants. "You already missed your 12:00. This one is Deputy Assistant Director Cransden. You know how she gets when you keep her waiting. Although it looks like you need a cold shower first."
Harlan scuttled out the door.
Natasha turned back to Amanda. "Those are beautiful panties. What brand are they?"
It took her a moment to respond. "They're Agent Provocateur. The line's called Torrid Spring. The color is Midnight in Paris. They're just out."
"Nice. They're a little skimpy for me, but my girlfriend might buy a pair. Unless you want me to keep this to myself. You know, so none of the guys at the office have seen them before when they see them on you." She smiled sweetly at Amanda, then walked out.
As Percy stepped behind Amanda, she felt his sleeve brush her bare bottom, and she flinched. He coughed, and she thought, he's looking at me. He's taken my panties, and I'm bent over so far. I'm totally exposed, and he can see me, between my legs. He made me do it. I'm completely helpless.
At some level, she knew the last part wasn't true. She wasn't helpless, and she'd willingly complied with his orders. But it helped her to think of it that way.
"Ass up," said Percy. "Feet apart."
Automatically, she arched her back and raised herself onto her tiptoes, trying to stretch her bottom toward the ceiling, as her flat belly swooped down toward the tabletop. As she'd been taught, she walked her toes outward until her knees were at shoulder width.
"Tyler. Come up here," said Percy.
"No," said Amanda, shaking her head vigorously but returning to position when Percy wagged a warning finger at her.
Tyler rose and approached.
Amanda especially didn't want Tyler looking at her exposed crotch. Over the course of their mission, she'd grown to loathe him, and never more so than the moment he returned to their hotel room and found her tied spread-eagle to the bed.
Expecting he'd immediately free her, she'd sighed with relief, but he'd just stood there at the foot of the bed, gazing slack-jawed at her exposed vulva. After what seemed an eternity, he'd sat down and put his hand on her thigh. She remembered her feelings of betrayal, and her disgust at his weakness. What followed was horrifying.
She never looked forward to showing anyone her most private place, but the idea of Tyler seeing her a second time, in this setting, was particulary repugnant and humiliating. How she longed to conceal herself from his view. Yet she also understood that her behavior was now under intense scrutiny, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Her legs shook, but she managed to overcome the urge to bring them together.
Meanwhile, Percy moved down the table to stand beside Jason, and leaned his face in toward Amanda's. Without moving her body, she tilted her head back to meet his eye.
"Do you know what's going to happen now?"
She swallowed. "He's going to spank me."
"Yes. Go ahead, Tyler."
He hit her with his open hand, high on her bottom. The sound was sharp, and fairly loud.
"Why is he spanking you?"
"Because I dis -- ow. Disrupted his presentation. Ow!"
"That's right."
She squirmed as Tyler slid his finger between her labia. This was allowed, and she knew not to object.
"She's wet," he announced. "What a surprise."
She gasped as Tyler struck her further down, across the fleshiest part of her butt. The sound was thicker, and lower in pitch. "I -- ow - deserve it," she said to Percy.
"Huh." The blows strengthened, and switched to the other side. "Huh. Huh."
"Yes, you do," said Percy, grasping her by the hair and putting his face inches from her own. "That and more. So, what do you tell him?"
Amanda's eyebrows knitted as she understood his meaning. "No," she said softly, shaking her head. "Huh."
Percy gripped her by the jaw. "Yes."
She hung her head.
"Tyler," she called out, her voice cracking. "Spank me harder." She shuddered.
The smacks got louder, their tone rising and falling as Tyler shifted his aim.
She grimaced, and her lower lip trembled. Her hands clenched and unclenched as they sought something to grasp. "Percy."
The blows rained down more rapidly.
"Percy. Please." She bit her lip, making the same hiccup in her throat with each impact.
Finally Percy raised his hand. "Stop. She's had enough."
Tyler reached between her legs again. "She's dripping." He flung a handful of her secretions to the carpet.
Amanda closed her eyes, turned her face away from Percy, and lowered her chest to the table. For a minute, she just lay there, inhaling deeply, letting out long, shaky breaths.
"Her whole ass is red," said Tyler.
With a groan, Amanda came back up on her elbows, then levered herself upright. Tyler had held nothing back, and the stinging and burning on her bottom was intense.
After a moment, she registered Wilson's raised eyebrows, and realized the skirt of her dress was still bunched around her waist, leaving her vulva exposed. She shimmied it down, wincing as the fabric scraped her tender bottom. "No shit," she said to Tyler.
Wilson was sweating, and he mopped his brow with the back of his hand. He tried to be subtle about adjusting his pants.
Percy approached her again, and he looked at her with sympathy as he gently stroked her hair. "Now do Wilson."
She glanced at Wilson and frowned, then looked back at Percy. She brushed her hair behind her shoulders with both hands, then rolled her eyes as multiple gazes shifted to her breasts. She stepped over to Wilson.
She looked him in the eye. "I'm sorry, Wilson," she murmured, then cast her gaze to the floor.
Wilson put his hand on her waist. She raised her head and studied his face, trying to read his intent. What restitution would he request? Would he spank her too?
"I'm sorry," she began again, "for disrupting your operation. And for getting detained. And for --"
Wilson lifted his hand to the underside of her breast.
"Um. And for not checking with Tyler --"
He fondled her breast through the thin bodice of her dress.
She drew in her breath. "And for not checking with Tyler --"
He put his other hand on the inside of her knee.
Her mouth twisted. "- before taking matters into my own hands," she finished quickly.
"Thank you for that heartfelt apology," said Wilson. "It's a start."
Percy nodded. "And what about your increased commitment? What does that look like?"
She tilted her head to the side, unsure of his meaning.
"What should you be wearing?"
Her breath caught in her throat. "But Percy! My dress is all I have left!" She nervously rubbed the thin fabric of her skirt between her fingers.
Percy smiled back at her. "You should have considered that before you chose to go without a bra today. Before you gave away your panties."
She opened her mouth to say she had no choice, then thought better of it. There was no winning with Percy.
She looked at Wilson. What further concessions would he extract? If she wasn't careful, she'd get another spanking too. She wasn't sure her bottom could take it.
With a sigh, she reached behind herself and pulled the zipper of her dress down her back, then nudged the spaghetti straps off her shoulders. Gathering the garment in her hands, she slid it past her hips and stepped out of it. She clutched the dress against her front for a moment before she remembered Percy's admonishment and dropped it in an empty chair.
Turning to face Wilson, she watched as his eyes roamed over her naked body, lingering over her breasts before settling on her crotch. Again she fought the urge to cover herself, and with effort, she placed her hands on her hips. Looking at him defiantly, she took a step forward, daring him to touch her.
"Can she sit in your lap?" asked Percy.
"Of course," said Wilson with a smile, rolling his chair back.
Amanda looked over her shoulder at Percy. "My bottom's too sore," she whispered.
"Wilson can rub it until it feels better."
She quickly turned and sat down carefully, one arm over Wilson's shoulder, her legs crossed tightly. He immediately put one hand around her hip, and rested the other arm across the top of her thigh.
Percy tapped Wilson on the shoulder. "Don't forget our agreement. Frank Tibbets from my team gets that code word op we talked about, and you weigh in with Harlan in support of my budget request."
Wilson nodded. "Yes, and Amanda comes home with me tonight."
"No, as I said, you can feel her up, here in the conference room."
"All right," said Wilson as he wrapped his fingers around her bare breast.
"Is that how you keep your legs?" asked Percy.
She gave him side-eye. "I feel like a horse being auctioned." But after a moment, she adjusted her position, separating her legs, and furrowed her brow at the renewed stinging in her bottom.
"Good," said Percy. "Keep them apart."
She expelled a shaky breath as Wilson's fingertips brushed the inside of her thigh, then clumsily poked at her labia. Showing little concern for her comfort, he penetrated her with his finger and, finding her still amply lubricated, he probed deeper.
After a few minutes, Percy pulled her away from Wilson and led her around the table to where Jason sat watching. Still unable to meet his eyes, Amanda perused the polished toes of her black leather pumps. Wearing the heels without any clothes further amplified her sense of shame.
"First time seeing her naked?" Percy asked Jason. "What do you think?"
Jason lifted her chin with his finger and squinted at her. "Beautiful face."
His gaze shifted lower, and he shook his head. "Amazing body. I mean, she looks great in office clothes, but who knew what she was hiding?"
Amanda frowned and turned her face away, crossing her arms for a moment before catching herself and dropping her hands to her sides.
She rolled her eyes, popped her hip, and gave a little sigh. "You don't even know me. You treat me like a piece of meat."
He didn't argue. His eyes traced the contours of her breasts, noting her nipples beginning to swell under his gaze, before tracking across the flatness of her belly, heading lower, finally locking in on the junction of her thighs. She watched his face as he took her in, reading the obvious desire in his eyes as he etched her image into his memory.
She had an idea what was about to happen, and she felt weighted down by an almost unbearable sense of loss. The loss of an opportunity to start fresh, in a normal way, a gentle, loving way, without all the twisted kinkiness imposed on her by her superiors and coworkers.
She had so badly wanted a new man. A relationship, not just a guy to use her and discard her. Someone who hadn't heard the rumors about her, and hadn't seen the shameful pictures.
She wanted this particular man. She still desired him very much, even if she couldn't articulate the reason.
Was there anything left to salvage, or had the last few minutes already destroyed her pristine image, transformed her from priceless angel to worthless slut? She needed him to tell her. But how could she ask him such a question?
Jason gently put his hand over hers. "Where are you from?"
She swallowed. "New Jersey. I lived in Summit."
It seemed so surreal to have this initial getting-to-know-you conversation here, in front of an audience, while she stood naked and he remained fully clothed. It put him in such complete control. She felt so powerless.
"Pretty town. Still have family there?" He grasped her narrow waist in both hands as his eyes remained fixed on her breasts.
She stiffened. She had not given him permission to touch her. "No, both my parents have passed. But I still keep a house there. It seems extravagant," she prattled on distractedly, "but I have a sentimental attachment to it."
"Wow. Your parents must have been quite wealthy." He put his hands on her breasts, gauging their firmness. When her nipples hardened to points, he rolled them between his fingers.
Apparently he intended to simply take what he wanted. As she felt her cheeks redden, she tried not to look at the others in the room.
She realized he was waiting for a response. "Oh. Yes. Very wealthy. My father worked in securities."
He pressed his palm to her bottom, curling his fingers around the swell of her flesh. "Any brothers or sisters?"
"Oo-oo-oo." She hopped and wiggled beneath his hand. "No. Only child," she squeaked out.
"Still sensitive," he said. "I better take a look." He turned her by her hips. "Hands on your knees."
She shuffled her feet and then bent carefully, biting her lip.
"What was that like, growing up?" he asked. "Open your legs."
She hesitated, then reluctantly edged her feet apart, feeling her blush spreading to her ears. "I was daddy's --"
He took her bottom in both hands, slid his thumbs into her crack and tightened his grip as he drew her cheeks apart.
She groaned. "- daddy's girl," she finished, sucking air through her teeth.
"Did you watch sports together?" He groped the sensitive globes of her ass repeatedly.
"No," she hissed. "He took me hunting."
He fisted her hair and pushed her head down, then lower, until she was bent double. She felt her blood rush to her head as her breasts grazed her thighs.
"Grab your ankles." With his thumbs, he smeared her abundant wetness over her labia, then turned her bottom toward the group and spread her open. "Deer? Bucks?"
"Sometimes." Her breath caught in her throat. How could this be happening? He was about to penetrate her, in public, and she'd barely said a dozen words to him.
He pushed his fingers inside her, stretching her, giving her no time to adjust. His words and tone sounded so gentle. Why was his touch so rough?
He pushed deeper into her, twisting his hand, then sawed in and out, working his hand in up to his knuckles. As she swayed to and fro, her breathing became ragged.
Abruptly he removed his hand, wiping her juices onto her thigh. With his other hand, he unfastened his pants.
"Now climb astride him," Percy called out. "Facing him. Put his dick inside you."
She straightened up and turned to look into Jason's eyes, trying to focus her mind on him. Trying to shut out the rest of the world.
Without his fingers inside her, she felt empty. She squeezed her thighs together.
"Go ahead," said Percy.
She put her hand on his shoulder and swung her leg over him. Easing her hips forward, she rubbed the head of his cock against her labia.
Jason slid into her easily. She closed her eyes and moaned softly.
"Tell me again, what's your role?" asked Percy.
Her cheek twitched. "I'm a sex toy." Feeling her need, she flexed her thighs, and felt Jason move inside her.
"Whose sexual urges do you gratify?"
She let out a shaky breath. "Those of the targets you specify."
"Targets I specify. Or Wilson, or Harlan. Not you." His voice had a sharp edge. "Now, what about your own sexual urges? And your feelings? Your pride, your dignity, your self-respect?"
She pressed the toes of her pumps to the floor, then let her weight settle on Jason, pushing his cock into her to the hilt. "I have them." She raised her chin. "But your point is, I shouldn't consider them."
Percy nodded. "Except when they please your target. Don't roll your eyes, this is important."
He grasped her shoulder. "Who's doing the work right now? You or Jason?"
She gave him a blank look. "I am." She ground her clitoris against the base of Jason's cock.
"Who is fucking who?"
She shook her head slowly, confused. "We both are?"
"No. Jason is fucking. You are getting fucked." He poked her forehead. "You always get fucked. Sometimes they do the work, sometimes you do, but it's always you that gets fucked. Remember that. Now shut up about feelings, and horses, and auctions, and pieces of meat, and get to work."
As she tried to still the tremor in her lower lip, she flexed her thighs again, and put her hands atop Jason's shoulders. They're all watching me, she thought.
Percy gave her a hard look. "Move."
"Oh, God." She kicked off her heels, put her bare feet on the carpet, and lifted herself, then bounced down on Jason. He put both hands on her bottom, and she winced as she began to move more rapidly. As she established a rhythm, she flushed, her pulse rate climbed, and a coil began to tighten in her lower abdomen.
Minutes later, Jason clenched his hands around her hips, groaned, and thrust himself upward repeatedly as he spurted his seed into her. Once he slumped back into his chair, she climbed off him and stood, her chest heaving. A rivulet of semen ran down the inside of her thigh, and she wiped it away with her fingers.
She sat back against the edge of the table and let out a long rattling breath. Her unsatisfied need felt like a knot in her belly. Equally strong was her sense of regret, as she mourned the lost opportunity for a normal relationship with Jason. The lost chance to have a real boyfriend.
She heard movement behind her, and she glanced over her shoulder at Wilson, Emma, Tyler, and Percy, all watching her. In her excitement, she'd almost forgotten her nakedness, and her audience, but now she had an overwhelming urge to cover herself. She scanned the room for her dress, then remembered.
She walked the length of the room and found her dress in an empty chair. Stepping into it, she pulled the bodice past her hips and slipped the straps over her shoulders. While she zipped herself up, she was already eyeing the doorway.
As she bent to scoop up her folders and handbag, she felt a searing stripe of fire across her left buttock, accompanied by a loud smack. A moment later, she heard another crack, and her right butt cheek joined the conflagration. Over her shoulder, she saw Emma, holding her leather loafer, winding up for another swing.
"Giddy up!" called Emma as she struck Amanda's bottom a third time.
* * *
Back in Percy's office, Amanda was startled from her reverie by the sound of the door opening.
"Hi, Amanda," said Percy, smiling as he shut the door behind him. "Perfect timing. I've got a couple more guys for you to meet with --"
She held up her hand. "About that. I saw that old geezer last Tuesday morning --"
Percy squinted with irritation at her interruption. "That's no way to talk about a division chief."
"Sorry, I saw Lawrence Rudisil --"
"Could he get it up?"
Her lip curled at his crudity. "That's completely not the point. You said if I met with him, you'd assign me that mission. I did my part, but I still don't have my assignment."
"First of all, I told you to fuck him, but since you didn't make him hard, I've got to send somebody else to finish the job. But more importantly," he said, falling into his chair with a sigh, "this is not a negotiation. You go fuck whoever I tell you. That's an absolute. When I decide you're ready, I'll find you the right mission."
"You don't have to send anyone else. I satisfied him with my mouth."
Percy snorted. "See? You can't even say it right."
Amanda closed her eyes for a moment, gathering herself, then rose from her chair and leaned over Percy's desk. "Ok, I gave him a 'blowjob'." Her speech was clipped, and her face became flushed.
Percy waited.
She narrowed her eyes to slits. "I took off my blouse, and my skirt, and my bra."
A bit of spittle flew from her mouth. "I let him play with my 'tits', as you like to call them."
The cords in her neck stood out as her voice rose. "I pulled down my panties. I showed him my 'pussy'."
She leaned closer, getting right in his face. "I stood there patiently and let him 'finger-fuck' my 'cunt', the clumsy asshole, even though he hasn't had a manicure since Nixon was president."
Percy smirked.
She drew in another breath. "I bent over his desk, and let him grab my 'ass', and laid there while he tried to 'fuck' me. But his limp little 'dick' wouldn't go in. Which is not my fucking fault."
She clenched her fists. "And now I want my 'fucking' posting. No. Pun. Intended." She banged her fist on his desk.
She gave a long exhalation as she returned to her seat and touched her sleeve to her brow. She was surprised at the steel edge to her own voice and the profanity she'd used, but she felt strength rather than shame.
Percy gave a short chuckle as he shook his head. He reached into his drawer and handed her a black folder. "Here's your assignment. But don't think you're off the hook."
He wrote an address on a slip of paper. "Tonight at 8pm. Don't be late."
As she left Percy's office, she checked her watch. She'd been away from her desk for hours, and a lot of work had probably piled up. But as her adrenaline dissipated, her exhaustion returned. She needed another cup of coffee.
As she waited in line, she studied the address Percy had given her. It appeared to be in an industrial area. She was perplexed.
Lost in thought, she jumped when she felt a hand squeeze her butt. Her anger was already spiking as she spun around to find Jason Carruthers standing close behind her.
"Hi, Amanda." His expression was warm and friendly.
Her arms and legs had gone rigid, ready to lash out, to exact a price for the humiliation that heated her face. But the relaxed, gentle tone of Jason's voice never failed to confuse her. Had he meant to touch her bottom?
"Hi, Jason." He looked so handsome in his tight blue shirt. Uncertainty clouded her features, as her heart pounded.
Over his shoulder, she saw the back of another man, tall but not as large as Jason, engaged in conversation with the man behind him. Neither of them appeared to have seen anything. The views of those further back would have been obstructed.
He smiled at her as he rubbed his chin. "You're such a bundle of contradictions, Amanda. You look up at me with those big, innocent eyes and an expression as pure as the driven snow."
She frowned and clutched her black folder tightly against her chest.
He put his hand on her shoulder. "But I know your secret. I've seen what you've got underneath those prim and proper clothes. There's nothing innocent about that body."
He shook his head, then leaned toward her ear. "No, your body's built for wild, depraved, nonstop fucking. Anything less is just a waste."
She turned away. "You're disgusting."
He pulled her toward him and grabbed for her breast, but she batted his hand away. "Did you consider that I'm an actual person, with feelings, and a brain, and not just a body to paw and grope, for your own pleasure?"
He threw up his hands. "Hey, you're the one who described yourself as a sex toy. Not to mention letting me fuck you senseless in front of your coworkers."
It was true. She'd used those very words. And yes, she'd ridden him with abandon, in public, and enjoyed it, even if he'd left her unsatisfied, and even if she wished to forget her own lapse in judgement. But there was no cause to rub her nose in it, and there were limits to how far she'd be pushed.
She took the coffee mug from his hands and upended it, pouring its dregs all over his shoes, spattering his pants, as those nearby jumped away from the spray. She turned and threw the mug forcefully into a garbage barrel, smiling with satisfaction when it shattered against a glass bottle.
"Fuck you," she muttered as she stalked away.
* * *
It was nearly 8:00 by the time she reached the Alexandria neighborhood Percy had specified. It appeared to be an area in transition, a mix of old warehouses and newer storefronts, with a scattering of vacant and abandoned properties in between.
As she glided into the next block, the quality improved, and there were upscale cars parked along the street and well dressed pedestrians on the sidewalk. On the next corner, she saw an art gallery with huge, brightly lit display windows. Its door stood open to welcome a middle-aged couple to some exclusive event.
The side street was the one she wanted, and she turned and took the first open parking place. Climbing out, she continued along the sidewalk, doubling back when the numbers ran past the one she sought.
Finally she poked her head into a narrow, darkened alcove and spotted a small brass plaque reading, An Affair to Remember. She pressed the bell, and after a moment, she heard a buzzer and pushed open the door. A steep staircase led to the second floor.
She entered a cavernous space, featuring 20 foot ceilings, exposed brickwork, and ancient wide plank hardwood floors. Huge retro incandescent fixtures hung from the overhead ironwork, spilling pools of warm light over some of the most elaborate wedding gowns Amanda had ever seen.
"You must be Amanda."
She turned to see an expensively dressed woman, her graying hair worn short in a fashionable blunt cut. "I'm Lisette, the owner. This is Cherie, and this is Malcolm. They'll be assisting you this evening."
Amanda shook Lisette's hand, then turned to greet Cherie, a young blonde wearing a chic A-line dress in jade green. Finally she acknowledged Malcolm, a nattily dressed man with a wiry build who appeared to be in his late twenties. His employment in a bridal shop struck her as a little... odd.
Behind them, she heard whirring motors and spotted a cluster of tables in the back where two men ran sewing machines while two women cut swaths of white satin from large bolts. Turning again, she saw the front faced the main street, and she understood the shop occupied the space above the art gallery.
Cherie stepped forward. "Let's get you measured." She guided Amanda toward a raised platform.
Understanding dawned. She was to be fitted for a wedding gown. What the hell?
As she climbed the steps, she pulled out her phone and dialed Percy.
Natasha answered. "Hi, Amanda. He left word not to be disturbed. But I'll tell him you called." Natasha hung up before Amanda could respond.
Amanda sighed and replaced her phone in her handbag.
"You can put your things in that chair," said Cynthia.
Malcolm stepped forward with a tape and began measuring her, beginning with her head and working downward, calling out figures for Cynthia to record in her notebook.
"Lift your arms, please."
"What a pretty blouse," said Cherie with a smile, as Malcolm casually wrapped the tape around her bust. Her breath caught in her throat as he slid the backs of his fingers across her breasts.
A moment later, he touched her shoulder. "I need your skirt off now."
Amanda rolled her eyes and glanced toward the back of the shop. The tailors and seamstresses had their heads down, absorbed in their work. With a sigh, she ran down her zipper, unfastened the waistband, and slid the skirt down her hips and off. Cynthia took it from her and hung it over the chair.
She glanced down and bit her lip. The hem of her blouse hung only a few inches past her waist. If she stood perfectly straight, it covered her panties, but only just.
Her mauve panties were part of a set she'd acquired on a whim. The panties were particularly naughty, featuring cutouts on either side of the center gusset. The bra featured similar cutouts on the sides of her breasts. She remembered how aroused she'd become when she'd first tried them on and imagined a desirable man looking at her.
But now she cringed at the thought that this lingerie revealed something vile and morally bankrupt about herself. And she didn't want to be judged, particularly by these two attractive, wholesome young people.
"Feet apart, please." Malcolm looped the tape between her legs and pulled it tight against her crotch to measure her rise, then stooped to wrap the tape around each thigh. When he was done, he turned to Cherie to record the measurements.
Was she to be fitted for pants too? Perhaps part of a going away outfit?
Or perhaps she was to wear stockings with her dress. During her frequent shopping forays, she'd often seen sets featuring a garter belt and stockings as part of a traditional bridal lingerie ensemble.
But what was up with the whole bridal scenario? Was it part of an upcoming mission? Or simply an element of another kinky habituation session? She feared the latter was more likely. She dialed Percy again, but her call went straight to voice mail.
As she hung up, she heard Lisette across the room, speaking to a seamstress. She held a satchel in one hand, her handbag in the other, and as she opened the door, Amanda realized she was leaving. Impulsively, she descended the stairs and crossed the floor.
"Um, Lisette, before you go, could you --"
Lisette frowned at Amanda's exposed legs. "Could I what?"
Amanda realized her skirt was still off. She pressed her palms to her thighs in an absurd, hopeless attempt to lengthen the tails of her blouse.
A uniformed delivery man entered through the open door, a long box under each arm. As he passed Amanda, he tried to twist his head past its limits.
Amanda's cheeks pinked. "Um. Could you tell me why --"
It occurred to her then how strange it would be to ask Lisette to explain her own need for a bridal gown. "Um, never mind." Flustered, she turned and walked back to the platform, clapping the back of her blouse against her backside when she felt it fly up.
"There you are," said Malcolm. "Give Cherie that blouse, and I'll take the last few measurements."
Before Amanda could react, Cherie had already undone the buttons and pulled the blouse off her shoulders, leaving her in just her bra and panties.
"That's such a flattering set," said Malcolm, turning her toward the light fixture and standing back to study her. "Mauve is one of my favorite colors. I'll have to mention it to my girlfriend." He measured her waist, then her chest, above and below her breasts.
Cherie cocked her head. "I already had a beautiful set of bridal lingerie in mind for you. All in white, of course. But now that I've had a better look at your body, we've got more to work with than I realized. And apparently you're open to something a little more daring."
Malcolm looked her up and down. "I agree. It would be a crime to cover that up."
Cherie knelt down in front of her. "Those cutouts on the front of the panties are so hot! Oh, looks like we have a little grooming issue."
Amanda turned red to her ears. "I had to cancel my regular waxing to be here tonight. They rebooked me for next week."
Cherie smiled and patted her shoulder. "I understand." She made another jot in her notebook.
"Should I choose some dresses to try on?" asked Amanda, looking over at a traditional high-necked satin gown with a floor-length skirt and train.
Cherie shook her head. "Lisette's already designed a dress for you. You're going to love it."
Amanda's face fell. Since her teens, she'd romanticized her future wedding, and she'd dreamed of choosing a dress that matched her preferences exactly.
A moment later, she realized she'd gotten carried away. She wasn't really getting married; this was all for show. She felt silly.
"All done," said Malcom.
"Yay!" said Cherie, leaning in for a friendly hug. "I'm so excited for you."
Malcolm stepped toward her and wrapped his own arms around her. As he kissed her cheek, he clinched her tightly, and she felt her breasts flatten against his chest, all too aware of her nearly naked body and his hard thigh pressing against her vulva. But she was careful to temper her instinctive response, gently slipping out of his grasp as she tried to avoid offending him.
"Don't forget, 8am on Thursday," said Cherie brightly as Malcom watched Amanda pull on her blouse. Amanda nodded and pasted on a polite smile as she zipped up her skirt.
As she drove home, she replayed the day's events and her apprehensiveness grew. What was Percy up to?
* * *
The next day, feeling especially lonely in her solitary SCIF, Amanda decided to sit down for lunch in the dining room instead of customarily bringing a salad back to her desk. She chose a small corner table, then scolded herself for being unsociable. She forced herself to meet the eye of a passerby, but he immediately looked away. She smiled at the next woman, but she too failed to join her.
You really need to get out more, she told herself. With Jason's recent migration from her 'yes, please' list to her 'hell, no' list, she teetered on the brink of yet another dating dry spell. Unless she could quickly identify a replacement.
But the men who streamed past in twos and threes -- many of whom checked her out -- were uniformly unsuitable, due to excessive age, or insufficient height, or intolerable corpulence. They didn't have to be hot, she reminded herself, just under 30, with an average face and minimal fitness. Surely that wasn't too much to ask for someone as pretty as herself.
In college, she'd grown accustomed to continual attention from attractive men. She didn't often choose to date them, but there was always at least one man pursuing her -- frequently more -- and she felt reassured by their presence. Her current lack of options was unsettling.
Was Jason really so bad? she wondered. Since their disagreement the day before, he'd called, and texted, and left a voice mail. But critically, he hadn't expressed any regret for his abominable behavior. No, he didn't care about her as a person, not really.
And as his voice mail made clear, the things he wanted sexually were just out of the question. Public groping was the least of it. Even exhibitionism wasn't the worst of it. No, his demands were beyond the pale. And apparently non-negotiable. His sense of entitlement was infuriating.
She'd just have to find someone else.
She checked her phone again for a callback from Percy. She'd tried him three times that morning, but now Natasha wasn't even bothering to pick up. She'd have to do a walk-by.
* * *
Outside Percy's office, Natasha's desk stood vacant. Amanda peeked around the corner, and saw Percy's door was ajar.
Amanda tapped on his door, then opened it a crack. Percy sat at his desk, holding a huge sandwich. When he saw her, he froze in mid-bite.
Not waiting to be invited in, Amanda sat down opposite him. "What's going on, Percy? You haven't returned my calls."
"I've been busy," he managed between chews. A stray scrap of ham fell into his lap.
"Apparently I'm playing the lead role in some sham wedding in Alexandria tomorrow morning. Is this part of an op?"
Percy took another bite, and chewed openmouthed. Amanda noticed the layer of mayonnaise coating his lips and chin, and as she watched, another dollop dripped onto his shirt.
I can't believe I kiss him whenever he wants, she thought to herself. He's disgusting.
She restrained the urge to make a face, and tried to soften her expression. "I could do a better job with the op if I understood the objective and knew what to expect."
She pursed her lips. "And who's the groom? Some foreign national we're trying to turn? Or do I pry some intelligence out of him? Will I have backup?"
Percy waved his hand. "It's not an op. It's just a guy with a fantasy about a bride, and a wedding, and a... deflowering. Not much for you to do, really, just say, 'I do' and then lie back and get fucked. Oh, and pretend to be a virgin, however ridiculous that notion might be."
She scowled. "Am I going to actually say vows? I'm not going to actually be legally married, am I?"
Percy snorted. "The vows don't count. You're not married unless you sign the papers."
He checked his watch. "Shit. I'm late for a call. Just follow Lisette's instructions. Now, scoot. Close the door on your way out."
* * *
The next morning, Amanda stopped for coffee on her way to An Affair to Remember. It had been another sleepless night.
While she drove, she blew into her steaming cup, willing it to be cool enough to guzzle. As her sexual experiences mounted, it was getting easier to stomach the casual way Percy assigned her liaisons, but only slightly. He never even introduced her beforehand, she fumed.
However, she understood that Percy's objective was not to make it enjoyable; it was to break down her inhibitions until she could carry out her responsibilities more effectively. Seen from that perspective, it made sense to force her to have sex with people she'd never met, and to leave her guessing about how the encounter would unfold.
But still, she struggled with her feelings of helplessness.
As she approached Alexandria, she encountered a traffic jam from an overturned tractor trailer that delayed her considerably. But luckily, the businesses near the bridal shop were all closed at that early hour, and the streets were quiet. She parked, stepped to the tiny alcove, and rang the bell. Cherie buzzed her in and met her at the top of the stairs.
"This way, Amanda." She led her to the back of the store. "We're behind schedule, but I'll try to hurry."
She wheeled over a clothing rack, from which hung the finished wedding gown. "Isn't it beautiful? I can't wait to see you in it." She clutched her hands together and bounced up and down.
Amanda bent over the garment. On the plus side, it had the long, layered skirt she'd dreamed of. However, the material was tulle, not the satin or silk she'd envisioned. And the bodice was a backless halter.
Cherie nodded at her. "Let's get you out of these things and into your gown. Hopefully Malcolm did a good job with your measurements. We don't have time for any adjustments." As she spoke, she reached to Amanda's hip and unzipped her skirt, then unfastened the buttons of her blouse. She hung them both beside the gown.
"I'll let you take off your bra and panties yourself." She smiled.
Amanda crossed her arms over her body. "Did you say you chose some bridal lingerie?"
Cherie nodded. "They're for your going away ensemble. You don't wear a bra or panties with this gown."
Amanda struggled to process this information. Although she tried to avoid it, she'd sometimes worn low-cut dresses without a bra before, but she'd never gone out in public without panties.
"I can help you with the gown, once you... take your panties off. And your bra," she added, checking her watch again.
Once again, Amanda glanced at the tailors, already at work at their machines, apparently paying no attention. She looked back at Cherie, who shifted her hip, waiting.
She reached back, unhooked her bra, pulled her arms from the straps, and handed it to Cherie. With a sigh, she slipped her thumbs inside the elastic of her panties and pushed them down her legs and off.
"Oh, my," whispered Cherie to herself as her eyes flitted over Amanda's naked body. She turned to remove the gown from the rack.
"Amanda! I didn't hear you come in," said Malcolm as he bounded forward to embrace her, then held her at arm's length as he scrutinized her bare breasts.
Amanda startled at his voice, and stiffened as his hands slid down her body and settled on her hips. Her cheeks pink, she pulled away and turned her back. "Can I have my dress?" she asked Cherie, over her shoulder.
"Of course." Cherie gathered the gown, raised it high, placed it over Amanda's head, and helped her pull the skirt over her shoulders and down to her hips. With no hesitation, she lifted Amanda's breast as she pulled the halter into position, repeating the process on the other side.
Amanda saw the gown's neckline plunged to her waist. Even more problematically, the pleated tulle halter was almost completely sheer, and the curves of her breasts were readily discernable in the full length mirror.
As was the rest of her body.
Her eyes followed the lines of her hips and thighs down to her knees, where her lower legs finally disappeared amid a swirl of embroidered, beaded fabric. To her horror, even her skin tone was obvious through the transparent material.
She tracked upward to her crotch, and with the swish of her skirt, she caught a glimpse of her vulva, darkened by a triangular shadow of stubble. When she was still, the embroidered daisies provided concealment, but any abrupt movement would flash her center. Heat crept across her cheeks.
With an effort, she steadied her voice. "I see your point about the bra. But a pair of white panties would look fine beneath this dress. In fact, the whole thing's a bit shocking, frankly, even with the panties."
Cherie nodded slowly and tilted her head. "I thought you might say that. To be honest, I don't think I could wear this dress in public. But then, I don't have the body for it, at least not like you do."
She crouched at Amanda's feet. "Lift your foot, please." She passed a frilly garter over her foot, and slid it up to her thigh.
She stood and squeezed Amanda's shoulder. "Unfortunately, Percy was very specific. No bra, and no panties. He said you're pretty daring in your everyday dress, and since most of the guests are your co-workers --"
Amanda turned to look at her wide-eyed.
She dropped Amanda's bra and panties into a shopping bag, covered them with her skirt and blouse, and handed the bag to Malcolm, who carried it away. "I must have misunderstood. But it sounded like he said some of your co-workers had already seen you naked at the office."
Amanda covered her face with her hands.
Cherie looked both ways and then leaned closer. "Percy told me not to tell you the last part. He said you actually get off on it. On being forced to expose yourself to groups of men, and being embarrassed and humiliated. So he said I have to force you, if necessary."
She looked Amanda in the eye. "I didn't think that could possibly be true. The part about getting off on it. But I thought you should know what he's saying. Please don't tell him I told you." She handed her a bouquet.
Amanda was stunned by Cherie's words. Dizzy, she leaned against the dress rack to steady herself.
When Malcolm returned, he stopped to look Amanda up and down before taking her by the wrist. "You look amazing. But it's 10:05, and they're all waiting downstairs. Come this way, we'll use the other staircase."
Amanda managed to regain her equilibrium sufficiently to negotiate the stairs in her heels. They emerged into the art gallery.
Amanda saw the artwork and partitions had been cleared away, and a few rows of folding chairs were filled with guests. She recognized Wilson, Tyler, and Emma, as well as Chad, Cody, Megan, and Shane from her Farm training program. Behind Wilson were Dirk and Michelle Miller. She didn't know any of the other guests.
Her stomach did flip flops, and rumbled audibly. She should have had something other than just black coffee, she thought.
At the front stood two men with their backs to her. Behind her, some recorded organ music began, and Percy appeared at her side, and extended his arm. As he led her to the front, the guests turned to watch.
Initially, she kept her chin high, took slow, dignified steps, and tried to minimize the movement of her skirt. But when she felt the crowd's eyes on her, she looked down at herself, and as she feared, much of her body was plainly visible through her sheer dress beneath the bright lights of the gallery. She held her bouquet in front of her crotch, but with each step, her unfettered breasts quivered.
She heard a collective intake of breath as her co-workers' eyes absorbed the sweep of her hips and thighs, somehow more exposed than if she'd been completely naked. Their surprised expressions turned to shock as they registered the absence of any panties and realized the darker triangle they'd glimpsed at the junction of her thighs was her bare pubic mound.
The whispers of the guests built in volume until they competed with the recorded music. Voices from behind her reminded her that the rippling flesh of her bottom was equally on display. She pulled at Percy's arm, urging him forward, but he maintained his stately pace. Her chin trembled as she fought back tears.
When they reached the front, Percy kissed her cheek, then moved to stand to her left. She glanced to her right, and saw Jason Carruthers smiling back at her. He put his hand behind her head and leaned in for a passionate kiss.
It took her a moment to absorb the implications. Jason was the groom in this sham wedding, this ridiculous public ceremony serving as the prelude to some depraved male fantasy.
Outraged, Amanda tried to pull away, but Jason held her knot of braided hair in an iron grip as he slid his tongue into her mouth. Another surge of noise from the guests drowned out the sound of protest she made in her own throat.
Even if the ceremony was just for show, it was hard to think of a more repellant man to play the part of her betrothed. On first meeting him, she'd found him quite appealing, but his public pawing in the coffee line was intolerable, and his recently disclosed sexual peccadillos were too twisted to contemplate.
She pushed hard on his chest, with no apparent effect, then wrapped her fingers around his thick throat. After another moment, Jason released her, and she gave him a bitter scowl.
Across from her, a middle-aged man in a dark suit and burgundy tie raised his hand, and behind her the guests quieted.
"We are gathered here to join Amanda and Jason in holy matrimony."
He faced her. "Amanda, do you take this man, Jason Carruthers, to be your lawful wedded husband, to love, honor, and obey, from this day forth, as long as you both shall live?"
She almost laughed out loud. What was this nonsense about obeying? And anyway, he was supposed to ask Jason first. But she supposed neither of these were the real issue.
Percy nudged her. "Say, 'I do,'" he whispered.
It wasn't a real wedding, she reminded herself. Let him have his fun, make Percy happy, and obtain her coveted assignment.
"I do."
"Jason, do you take this woman, Amanda Stevens, to be your lawful wedded wife, to have and to hold, from this day forth, as long as you both shall live?"
"I do."
Percy handed Amanda a plain gold band, which she placed on Jason's finger, and he reciprocated.
"I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride."
Jason pulled her close and began to kiss her chastely, but then turned her and very obviously groped her breast, drawing hoots from her co-workers as she struck his arm with increasing force.
"Asshole!" she spit at him when he finally released her.
Jason smirked, then turned and withdrew an envelope from his jacket and gave it to the officiant. He then handed a much thicker envelope to Percy.
Is that cash? she wondered. Did Percy just rent me out? Am I a prostitute now?
The officiant touched her hand and gave her a folded certificate. "A copy of your marriage license," he told her with a smile.
Amanda heard her pulse in her ears. She unfolded the thick paper. 'State of Virginia' and 'Certificate of Marriage' were emblazoned across the top, amid elaborate scrollwork. At the bottom left, she saw her signature, written in her own hand in blue ink, with Jason's signature below it. At the lower right were the signatures of the officiant and the County Clerk, overlaid by an official raised seal.
Apparently, she had just gotten married.
Cherie grabbed her elbow. "What a beautiful ceremony," she gushed, looking her up and down again. "You look simply stunning in that dress. I was afraid it was a little too much, but you pulled it off like --"
She bit her lip. "Well, I've never seen a bride who could carry that off like you did."
Behind them, the guests had risen from their chairs, talking excitedly, and Cherie whistled softly to get their attention. "Amanda's going to toss her bouquet now." She turned Amanda to face away from a small open area.
After an awkward silence, Emma and Megan slowly came forward, urged on by their friends, and stood at the extreme far end of the open space. Amanda tossed her bouquet high, but neither woman made much effort to catch it, and it fell to the floor. After another awkward moment, Megan stepped forward and picked it up.
Cherie clapped her hands, then guided Amanda to a tall stool and waved Jason over. "Jason will now retrieve the garter."
Amanda protested and rose from the stool, but when Percy shot her a look, she sat back down. Jason made a show of removing his jacket and stretching his arms before he knelt at her feet. The other guests gathered behind him, and Amanda noticed there were many more men she didn't recognize than she'd realized.
Amanda had long despised the ritual removal of the bride's garter; in fact, it was her least favorite part of the traditional wedding ceremony. She felt it objectified and humiliated the bride for the entertainment of the male guests, and she saw it as an only slightly modernized version of the barbaric ancient custom of allowing other men to join in taking the bride's virginity. She'd resolved long ago that the garter removal would never be a part of her own wedding.
Yet somehow, she was getting married today, in a way that bore no resemblance to her own wishes. Somehow, in this exploitative, morally repugnant nightmare wedding -- itself a perversion of an already chauvinistic tradition - the portion she most abhorred had become the centerpiece.
No doubt, Percy and his band -- professors in his post-graduate course for sex offenders, as she thought of them -- had found some way to make the ritual even more humiliating. She grimaced and looked at Percy, her eyes shining, her chin raised in anger.
She felt cool air on her legs, and realized Jason had lifted the hem of her skirt. Now he carefully folded the opaque, beaded lower portion over onto her thighs. He ran his hands up her calf, then propped her foot atop his shoulder, drawing a catcall. Instinctively, she pressed her thighs together and put her hands in her lap, noticing again how much of her body was already visible through the transparent fabric.
Jason folded over another section of her skirt, leaving her bare to mid-thigh, and pushed at her knee, opening her legs. She immediately brought her thighs together again.
He wagged his finger at her and spoke in a low voice. "If you do that again, I'll punish you, right here, in front of everybody."
His threat was credible. He'd already shown little regard for her welfare, despite his veneer of gentility. His choice of punishment was likely to be unpleasant. And he wasn't likely to give up until he'd fully exposed her. There was little to be gained by dragging it out.
She sighed and let her legs go slack.
"Good girl." He bunched her skirt around her hips, baring her to the tops of her legs, then ran his hand up the inside of her thigh. When he reached her garter, he slipped a finger underneath the elastic, letting it pop against her skin a couple of times, but didn't remove it.
Grasping her by the knees, he opened her legs, exposing her entire vulva to those standing behind him. Unwilling to see the expressions of her co-workers, and those of the strangers watching, she closed her eyes and tilted her head back. She heard their appreciative murmurs amid her own shaky exhalation.
Seconds later, his fingers spread her labia and penetrated her. This was too much. She grabbed his wrist and brought her knees together. "Just take off the damn garter." Her nostrils flared.
He forced out a chuckle. This time, when he hooked his finger into her garter, he drew it down her leg and off. His smile was unconvincing as he stood and launched the garter over his shoulder. As one of the strangers caught it, Amanda stood and pulled her skirt down, laughing bitterly at the futility of it.
While Cherie and Malcolm served cake and coffee, Amanda slipped out to change into her traveling clothes as she tried to recenter herself. She was surprised to find she actually liked the stylish white lace lingerie set. Even if the traditional garter belt and stockings were a nuisance, she understood their appeal, and she appreciated the way the set displayed her assets to best advantage -- even if it seemed anticlimactic after her revealing gown.
Regardless, it was a relief to put on a bra and panties. And the navy boatneck minidress was sexy but dignified. She took an extra moment to repair her mascara and freshen her lipstick.
While she transferred her wallet and essentials from her everyday handbag to her matching designer clutch, it finally hit her. She was really married. To Jason Carruthers.
She surprised herself by smiling. Despite everything, he was still hot. In fact, he could make her wet with astonishing speed. And he was fun, when he wasn't pissing her off with his traditional views on gender roles.
The biggest problems were his penchant for public groping and his other twisted sexual demands. She hoped he wasn't going to bring them up again that evening. She also hoped a more leisurely lovemaking session would provide him time to fully satisfy her.
She realized she was being rude to her guests. She hurried to the staircase, but slowed to take each stair carefully in her four inch Manolos. When she spotted Jason among the guests, her newfound enthusiasm deflated. He didn't look happy.
"Don't ever keep me waiting." He popped her on the bottom, hard, and she squeaked and watched heads turn. When he swung at her again, she dodged, and she saw fury in his eyes as he gripped her arm and landed a harder smack on the back of her upper thigh. The sting made her hop, and she felt tears form at the corners of her eyes.
"Honeymoon's over," said Percy to Wilson with a laugh. Jason pulled Amanda toward the black town car waiting outside the door, but Percy stopped them, poking Amanda in the chest with his finger. "Don't forget, you have a briefing on Wednesday."
He leaned closer and gave her butt his own customary patty-pat. "And remember. The customer is always right." He nodded toward Jason.
His last comment made her frown. She didn't appreciate his reminder of the transactional aspect of her relationship with her new husband.
And when did it become socially acceptable for men to handle her bottom in public?
She was pleased, though, and excited, about the briefing for her new mission. At least she'd achieved that objective. Hopefully she'd find an hour alone during her honeymoon to read her new orders.
But right now, it was time to be on their way. A few of the guests cheered and threw rice at her as she came out of the gallery. Then the driver held the car door open for her, and she hitched up her skirt, stepped in, and slid over to make room for Jason. As the car pulled away, a string of tin cans scraped along the pavement behind them.
Thirty miles into their trip, the noisy cans had long since fallen away. Jason took a call on his phone, and Amanda was left alone with her thoughts.
What have I done? she asked herself. Her father would be so ashamed of her brazen performance, not to mention her appalling lack of judgement. It was lucky he wasn't alive to see it.
However, what's done is done, she told herself. As this point, she may as well see the little honeymoon trip through to its conclusion. Jason was still a very attractive man, despite his other shortcomings. If their relationship was to be short-lived, she may as well enjoy herself. When she was back in the office, she'd sit down with Percy and make him put things right.
Jason's call was ending, and he hung up. Turning to face her, he laced his fingers through her hair and gave her a long kiss, waiting until she closed her eyes to reach inside the front of her dress to squeeze her breast.
Her eyes popped open, and she saw the limo driver watching in the rearview mirror as Jason fondled her. But this time, she chose not to object. Pick your battles, she told herself. She closed her eyes again and smiled as she gave in to her own arousal.