So I had just moved to Arizona from Nebraska and was staying with my best friend from high school and his wife. I'd never met her before, but she seemed okay. I mean she's letting me stay in her house for free, so I really couldn't complain. She had a few gray hairs an average body, but really big boobs and a cute face. So while I was trying to get a job, they both went to work. After filling out applications all day and cleaning up the house, I figured that was the least I could do, I usually watch a movie or tv show they owned. Patricia would get home before Matt and I'd be alone with her for a couple of hours.
Soon I started noticing a pattern. The first thing she did when getting home was to take off her bra. She'd go into the bedroom of course, but then come back out with her big breasts swaying free. Then she'd criticize the movie or show I was watching.
Finally by the third day I was tired of her shit.
"Look, these are your movies I'm watching," I said. "You bought them."
"Lighten up Jason, I'm just pulling your chain," She said and shifted so her boobs shook.
"Why do you take off your bra as soon as you get home?" I asked.
"Because it's very uncomfortable. Why, don't you like boobs?"
"Of course I do. I was just curious."
"Do you want to see them?"
"What?"
"My breasts. Do you want to see them?"
Then before I knew it, Patricia had pulled up her shirt and flashed me her boobs.
They were huge all right. With big, pale areolas and small nipples.
Instinctively I reached out and squeezed one.
"I guess you do like tits. Most guys do," she said, reaching out and cupping my cock and balls.
"I showed you mine, let me see yours."
I quickly undid my pants, pushed them down with my underwear and freed my cock.
She grabbed my cock and started stroking it, while I sucked on her breasts and nipples.
Soon I shot my load all over the living room floor.
"Why don't you grab a shower while I clean this up? Oh and not a word to Matt. Not sure how he'd react and he does own several guns."
Stunned, I took a shower, not really sure what just happened.
The next day she was off work and I asked if she could run me into town so I could apply at some places and get my Arizona license. It all went fine. She even bought me lunch. On the way home she told me to drive, which I thought was weird. We were in her Jaguar and I was sort of nervous about driving it. But she was insistent. So I drove. Soon she had taken off her top and had removed her bra, leaving her tits out for me to enjoy, while I drove. For Pete's sake I was nervous enough.
"Let's see if you're ready yet," she said unzipping my pants and pulling out my dick.
I wawas hard as a rock.
"Oh, yeah, you're ready. Don't come to soon and don't crash," she instructed, then swallowed my cock.
I reached out to tweak and pinch her nipples while she blew me. She was moaning, I was moaning. She really started giving it to me the closer we got to the house. Her tongue was going crazy on the head of my cock. Soon I exploded in her mouth. She swallowed it all. Then she put my cock away, zipped up my jeans and put her shirt back on. She gave me her bra, as a souvenir she said.
This chick was either crazy or a nympho, because I'm not that good looking and my cock is about average. I'm tall and skinny and before then had only been with two girls. And yes, I did feel bad about cheating with my best friend's wife, but still didn't ever tell him. I went with what he doesn't know won't hurt him.
A month went by and nothing happened. Then two things happened simultaneously. I had gotten a job and had saved enough to get my own place, but Matt had to go out of town and asked if I'd stay with Patricia while he was gone. I agreed, feeling guilty for fooling around with his wife.
Matt left even before I got up. While I was in the shower, Patricia came in and joined me.
I licked her pussy to an orgasm and she sucked me to one myself. Then we went into their bedroom. My cock slid into her wet pussy easily. We fucked in several positions, and after giving her multiple orgasms, I finally shot my load in her while she was on top of me with my finger in her ass.
We stayed naked the whole time. And watched movies and fucked. On the last day I fucked her in the ass. I had never done that before and man was it awesome.
When I left for good, I shook Matt's hand and gave Patricia a hug, feeling those braless breasts once more.
"Feel free to stop by anytime." Matt said.
"Yes, we'd love to have you come again," Patricia said and gave me a wink.
And so, every time I visited, we managed, somehow to hook up.
Even though it was a strange experience, it gave me the confidence to achieve all my goals and even go for ones I wouldn't have tried. I am a successful businessman and I found a women of my own, Rebecca. And when friends ask if they can stay with me and my wife, I politely decline but refer them to my friend Matt, whose happy to let anyone stay with him and Patricia.