The feast was glorious, as always. Succulent meat set out on the table in front of the hundreds of guests with the most deliciously juicy food on the head table right in front of me. As daughter heir of the kingdom, all eyes were on me tonight as my father presented me to the crowd; 18 was the coming of age in this city, and suitors were sure to follow.
Our head table was lined up perpendicular to all the other tables so they had a good look at my father, a few select nobles and me. It was also raised which gave me a better view of the room. For years I had been waiting for this moment; presented for all the men in the room to finally lose my virginity to; and yet all I could think about was one thing.
My father sat to my right, being fed morsels of cake by a maid with large tits almost spilling out of the front of her dress. Though not as big as mine, they were still and eyeful and I didn't miss how all the lusty guests eyed her up as she sauntered to the head table just moments before. Behind her, and so unseen by the guests, I could see my father's hand working up and down under her dress and I knew it wouldn't be long before he called the dancing girls out to give the guests the real entertainment of the night. Jealousy seethed with in me at the sight; all night all I could watch was how one of his hands rested on the table innocently while the other played with whichever serving bitch came up to serve him. It took all I had not to climb on his lap right there and grind my dripping wet pussy down on his cock.
Oh, yes, no matter how innocent he may think me, I'd been fantasizing about my daddy for a long, long time. Although I'd never been allowed to one of these feasts before, since they basically all ended in orgies, I'd seen the dancing girls who he'd hired. They were tall and thick with perfect asses and gorgeous round titties, quite like my own physique. Although their skin colour and complexions varied their outfits were always the talk of the night; what would they wear? Sometimes, they each came in their own elaborate outfit, available for the guests to strip or rip off as they would. Last time, however, I'd seen the mesh body suits that covered their whole body but concealed nothing. Although I'd been only dreaming of my daddy's thick cock recently the sight of their nipples and titties pushing out through the fishnet mesh and rubbing against their pussies had me fingering myself at night.
Now, though I saw the erection my father was hiding under the table which must have taken almost all his self-control not to take out and release himself right there. The outline of his cock against his pants was Gigantic-I'd have to guess at 10 inches at least. Fitting for a king. My own pussy was leaking so much that if I didn't do something soon I'd have a wet stain on the back of my dress for the rest of the evening. I'd chosen the dress to cinch my waist in and keep a cut low enough to my cleavage was out, but compared to the women about to walk in, I knew it was nothing. I'd seen how my father appraised me when he thought I wasn't looking, so I knew it wasn't out of the question, but getting him to take his only daughter in front of hundreds of people was another matter. The thought of everyone watching while he fucked me turned me on even more and I jumped out of my seat, suddenly having a plan.
"Ah, father, please will you excuse me? Thank you so much for the feast but, well, I truly feel unwell." I stammered, holding my stomach and trying to look ill.
"Oh, sorry baby, come here," my father replied, looking hurt but buying it nonetheless, "give daddy a kiss before you go."
I didn't particularly want to get closer in case I jumped on his cock, but forced myself to play the innocent daughter and stepped over to kiss him on the cheek. His hand came familiarly to hold my ass as I leant down and kissed him on the cheek, and the room returned to its cheerful atmosphere.
"Sorry, daddy, goodnight!" I tried, turning away and exiting from the opposite door the dancers would come in from. Now, all I had to do was-ah, there! The dancers were on the other end and getting dressed. They wouldn't know me, they were different women every time, so I sauntered over trying to look like a rich something or other noble.
"Oh, hello," I tried, and they looked up expectantly. Good. They were paid enough to accept anyting in this castle without question any way.
"I was wondering if it were possible," I began, in a tone which told them it certainly would be possible, "If I could borrow one of your costumes and surprise my husband? It's our anniversary tonight and I thought I'd do something special." I simpered. One of the girls already in costume came and handed me one; easy. What was even better was that this had some sort of face veil. I got changed quickly in front of them all, taking off my wet panties and heating up at the giggles from the other girls.
The outfit had a lot of elements, of which I was glad. The black with heels fit snugly and lifted me a good six-inches off the floor, accentuating my long legs. There was also a tiny black g-string which I pulled deep in to my dripping wet pussy, the friction almost unbearable. Over that there was a short sarong with jingling coins attached to the rim and to match were many silver bangles that chimed in time with the coins when I moved. My tits were perfectly round and huge, so there was no need for support and only two tassles were there to cover my nipples. To finish it all off, they applied heavy make up, rouge, lipstick and eyeliner making me almost unrecognisable. What I was most thankful for, however, was the dark veil that covered half my face and was also adorned with jingling bells. I looked my self up and down in the mirror and jumped when I felt a pair of firm tits press in to my back and a hand slip under my sarong and stroke my dripping pussy.
"Just making sure you're ready for your husband." The woman purred in my ear, and I watched in the mirror as she slipped two fingers inside my pussy as she kissed my neck.
"Oh!" I cried as she pushed them in deeper and to my embarrassment I begun bucking my hips to make her finger fuck me more. Unfortunately, she pulled her fingers out and moved them up to my mouth, under my veil. I got the message and sucked the fingers in to my mouth, swirling my tongue around them to clean them off. She pulled them out with an obscene pop and left just as quickly as she'd come.
Great! Now I was three times as horny and-
"Ok ladies, it's show time!" One from the front called, and all my previous thought flew away. Here we go.
We entered the room from a door on the raised platform, behind my father. The cooler air of the hall made my titties cold but the eyes on me and applause as we entered soon warmed me up. We all lined up behind my daddy as he stood up to choose his first fuck of the night. I pushed out my titties, sure he'd notice, and thankfully he did. He walked down the line as everyone cheered and looked on, slapping an ass here, pulling off a tassle there and sucking a tit. But when he got to me, he stopped and looked me in the eyes. I was afraid, so afraid he'd recognise me, but clearly he hadn't for he reached both hands around, moved the sarong out of the way and grabbed both of my ass cheeks. Getting the message, I put my arms around his neck and jumped, securing my legs around his waist and finally, finally getting to grind my soaking wet pussy down on his erection. I moaned in to his mouth as he kissed me fiercely and licked his way all over my mouth, thrusting up as he did so. Though his pants were in the way, my g-string was really nothing and I could feel the rock hard outline throbbing where he pushed against me.
"Oh-OH my king!" I cried as he attacked my neck and the room erupted in to applause, the rest of the girls going to find other nobles in the crowd. Daddy brought me over, still holding me up, to his throne in the front of the room and stood me down. He sat on the throne himself and opened his legs, pulling me to sit on his lap.
"Oh baby, you look so fucking hot, d'you know that?" He moaned hotly in my ear. I groaned in response and arched my back so my head tilted back and my ass pressed more firmly in to his throbbing hard cock.
"Oh please daddy, I need your cock so badly. Please just fuck me now, fill me up and I'll be a good girl." I writhed on his lap as he took both tassles off my titties and begun rolling and pinching my nipples.
"Daddy?" He questioned, and I stilled.
"I-er, ah, I'm sorry sire, I-it won't-" but he but my neck and my own moaning interrupted me.
"Mm no, call me daddy, I like it." He whispered in my ear and I groaned again.
"Ok...daddy. Oh-oh my god please!" I cried as he slipped one hand down to my soaking wet pussy and immediately slipped two fingers in whilst roughly massaging my left tit.
"You naughty little slut, look how fucking wet you are for me," he growled in my ear. "You been thinking about my big cock while you were getting ready huh?" For emphasis he thrust his still clothed cock into my ass and I moaned loudly. Luckily, the room was already too full of people fucking to care.
"Fuck, yes daddy. I've been thinking about your cock for such a long time now." He hummed in approval and lifted me up with his two fingers still deep in my pussy. I held myself up, and with his other hand I could feel him opening his pants. I didn't think I could get any wetter, but with the anticipation of his huge cock about to fill me up pussy juices leaked from around his fingers.
"Fucking little slut aren't you, want my cock this badly. Bet you'd love it if I filled all of your holes with my cum, isn't that right you little cum slut?" he asked and I moaned an agreement. When he let me sit back on to him he pulled his fingers out and all of a sudden his enormous cock slid between my slick thighs and popped out between them. I moaned again in lust; it was even bigger than I'd imagined! His huge girth was rubbing against my pussy as he slowly thrust up and down, and at least three or four inches protruded out of the top of my thighs. 10, maybe eleven inches long; now all I could think about was having it inside of me.
"Oh fuck that feels good, you like that baby? Hm? You like my huge cock against your pussy? Fuck, mm, just like that!" He groaned as I squeezed my legs together.
"Daddy, please, I can't- I can't wait any longer!" He could sense my need and quicker than I expected stood me up and bent me over the table into all the sweet desserts that lay there.
"You want my cock that bad you little whore? Yeah? Fine, but I'm warning you...most girls need prep before they take my dick..." His hands pulled my hips up a little and tore off my sarong; the g-string was so small he simply moved it aside as he stroked my entrance with his head. The thought of his pre-cum mingling with my own had me push back instantaneously on to his cock.
"Oh-My god!" I cried as half of his 11 inches filled me in one go, and he mercilessly slammed in the rest.
"Yes you fucking whore, you want to fuck yourself on my cock?" He laughed and pulled out slowly before slamming back in to me hard. I cried out again in absolute ecstasy-fuck he felt so incredibly huge and fantastic inside of me! The cream from the desserts beneath me was rubbing all in to my titties and mouth as he fucked me in to the table. My face veil came loose as it did so and I thanked god that my face was smeared in too much cream to be recognisable.
"My god you're so fucking tight, you feel amazing baby," He moaned as he repeatedly slammed in to me.
"Please-please, daddy-" I moaned, getting more and more turned on my getting fucked in front of the whole room and calling him daddy.
"Please what, you little slut? What?! My cock's not fucking big enough for you, huh? Or you want it faster? Oh yeah, oh fuck yeah you want it faster don't you you fucking whore, want me to fill you up with my cum as fast as possible!"
"Oh, yes daddy!" I cried as, instead of fucking me deep he fucked me faster, and faster still. By the time I could feel him bulging and throbbing in side of me I was crying out and in absolute ecstasy. I barely even registered the orgy going on in front of us as my daddy's gigantic, thick cock was pounding my pussy again and again.
"Oh fuck baby, I'm going to cum!" He moaned as he thrust in to me deeply two more times.
"Yes daddy, yes cum in me please, oh god, please daddy!" I replied. His orgasm came quick and hot; I never knew someone could cum for so long as he did in me. He buried his cock completely inside of me and rode out his orgasm, slapping my ass a few more times as his cum poured thick and fast in to my virgin pussy. Although it completely filled me up, still I could feel more of it sliding down my thighs all the way to where my black heels were still firmly on my feet.
When he'd finished cumming in my pussy I was moaning still with ecstasy and he pulled out and pulled me up so he was pressed in to my back.
"Fuck, baby, that was so fucking good." He groaned in to my ear. I moaned in response and he smirked behind me, pulling his soft, still huge cock up to slip once again between my thighs as we stood. Slowly he started to rock back and forth and he played with my tits with his left hand while his right slid down between my thighs and below his cock to scoop up some of the cum that was dripping out of my pussy; his own cum that he'd filled me with just moments before. Just as backstage, I gladly sucked the cum off his fingers as he offered them to me and held his wrist with both of my hands to suck it off completely. As he moved his hand in to the creams on my titties and back to my mouth, I could feel him already hardening again with every thrust, and prepared myself for a second round.