Courtney walked down the busy street admiring the view.
Exploring the city had become her favorite past time since moving to San Francisco for college. With a camera in hand, she continued wandering the city, looking for new pictures she could take, and new buildings to admire. As her attention was focused on the city's architecture, she didn't notice the footsteps of a woman approaching her from behind.
"Do you work professionally?" a woman's voice asked.
Courtney turned to look at the woman. The woman was in her mid-30's. She had a strong sense of style and possessed an aura of confidence. She had a fairly commanding presence, and had the trademarks of any San Francisco hipster, wearing a scarf and skinny jeans.
"What do you mean?" Courtney replied.
"Are you a professional photographer? You handle the camera well. I hope you don't mind, but I've been watching you these past few minutes."
"I don't mind at all. And no, I'm not a professional photographer. I only do this for fun."
"I'm Gianna," she said, extending her hand. "Nice to meet you."
The two women shook hands.
"I'm Courtney."
"Well, Courtney, I don't want to waste your time, but Iama professional photographer, and I think you're very beautiful. I'd love to take pictures of you sometime if you're interested. I'll pay, of course. Here's my card. Contact me if you're interested."
Gianna handed the college student a card. Then Gianna smiled, winked, and walked away.
Exhibitionist Woman
The classroom was quiet. It was early in the morning and people were slowly making their way to class. Courtney sat in the back of the room and she surfed the internet on her laptop like she always did before class began.
When she took the binder out of her backpack, she saw the card that Gianna had given her a few days earlier. She never bothered to look at it, and she never gave it much thought. Being offered a modeling job was flattering to her. She had received offers before, but she never took them seriously.
Courtney took a good look at the card for the very first time and noticed it had a website printed on it. She typed in the web address and briefly skimmed through Gianna's website. The pictures were beautiful. Much better than anything Courtney had ever taken. She continued looking at the different pictures and was amazed by the artistry. What grabbed her attention was that there were several nude pictures of men and women posing in different public locations. They were normal looking people.
After glancing through the images, Courtney read Gianna's biography and looked at her portrait. Everything seemed genuine and Courtney was impressed. She thought of all the endless opportunities to learn art and photography from someone as talented as Gianna.
Courtney sent an email:
Hello Gianna,
Hope you're doing well. It's Courtney. We met the other day when you saw me taking pictures downtown and you gave me your card. I had a chance to look at your website and I think your work is really amazing. Are you still interested in possibly doing something with me? Let me know. I'm available to meet you when I don't have class.
- Courtney : )
Once the email was sent, Courtney turned her attention towards the professor who had just walked into the room. The class lecture began moments later, but all Courtney could think about was potentially meeting Gianna, and possibly having her picture taken. She continued looking at her laptop, and her eyes were captivated by the different men & women who had their picture taken by Gianna. Most of the images were taken outdoors. Some of the images featured full nudity. None of the people looked like models or celebrities. They were all normal everyday people. That's what intrigued her so much for whatever reason.
Nearly thirty minutes passed, then she received an email. It was Gianna:
Hey Courtney,
I didn't think you were interested. I'm glad to hear from you. The address to my apartment is on the card. That's where I work. How about Saturday 10 am? It shouldn't take very long. We'll figure things out from there. Let me know.
G
A smile grew on Courtney's face, which she tried to suppress so the professor wouldn't see it. At that point, she wasn't listening to the lecture anymore. The only thing on her mind was meeting Gianna.
Courtney replied to the email:
Saturday 10 am sounds great. See you then!
With the plans for the weekend confirmed, Courtney turned her attention to the professor and listened to the remainder of the class lecture.
***
Saturday early morning. The apartment wasn't hard to find. Courtney used the device on her phone to navigate the downtown area. She was casually dressed, wearing jeans and a tshirt. She found the loft apartment and entered. Courtney felt herself becoming nervous as waited in the elevator. Modeling was something she had never done before, but she had a good feeling about Gianna. After a few knocks on the door, there was an answer.
"Welcome to my home," Gianna said as a friendly greeting.
Courtney smiled back and looked around the loft apartment. "Nice place."
"Thanks. It suits me well."
Once the college student entered, Gianna closed the door. Courtney continued looking around before eventually gazing through the window to see the view.
"This seems like the perfect place for an artist. You've got lots of space and you have a beautiful view of the city."
"It definitely helps my work," Gianna replied. "I've made us coffee on the stove. How do you like it?"
"Cream and sugar."
"Coming right up."
Gianna went to the kitchen to prepare the drinks. The apartment was open spaced, so the two women could still see each other. Courtney continued walking around, looking at the different artwork and pictures which were posted on the walls.
"So what exactly do you do?" Courtney asked. "I mean for a career. Do you just take pictures?"
"I do a number of things. I sell art. I sell paintings. But my favorite is photography. I also sell books with a variety of pictures I've taken of other people. Occasionally I'll get hired to take private pictures of individuals, or couples, just for them only."
"Really? Why?"
"Because when I take pictures of people, it's special. You'll see."
Gianna finished preparing two cups of coffee. She walked over to Courtney and handed her a cup.
"Thank you," Courtney said, taking the drink.
"Have you eaten yet? Would you like breakfast?"
"I'm fine thanks. I already ate."
The two women took sips of their hot coffee.
"Have you done this before?" Gianna asked. "Do you have any experience modeling?"
"No. I've had offers, but I was never interested because I was always busy with school or a part time job. It was something I never took seriously."
"You're very beautiful. I can see why you've received offers before."
Courtney blushed. "Thanks. So what are we going to be doing today?"
"Whatever we feel like," Gianna said, after thinking for a moment. "I'm not the type of person who lives by a strict schedule when it comes to art. I don't work that way. I like to feel things out. After all, isn't art about feelings?"
"I agree wholeheartedly."
"Then you must be an artist too."
"Well, I'd like to work in the fashion business someday as a designer or something. That's always been a dream of mine."
Gianna nodded. "I figured you were an artistic type by the way you dress, and the way you handle a camera. When I saw you taking pictures, I could tell you had a sharp eye."
"Thanks. I try my best. But I'm obviously not as good as you when it comes to photography. Your stuff is brilliant."
"What do you like about my work? Maybe I could give you pointers."
Courtney thought for a moment. "I like the honesty that I see in the pictures you take. The people seem so vulnerable. It's like I know their life story just by looking in their eyes. You don't normally see that. In the real world, everyone is so closely guarded. You bring something out of people with your camera."
"Do you want to know my secret?" Gianna asked with a smile.
Courtney smiled back. "Sure."
"My secret is exactly what we're doing know. Talking. I've always been interested in personal stories that people have. In college, I wanted to be a writer. Nowadays, I simply talk to people, and they open up to me. Then I take pictures of them."
"That makes total sense."
"I learned that through experience," Gianna replied. "Photography is timing. It's capturing a moment. If I take a picture of you right now, the details would look completely different than if I took the picture 10 minutes later. Your facial expressions would be different. Same thing with landscape, or buildings, or anything taken outdoors. The pictures will look different because the position of the sun and the clouds will change the lighting. So even though the image would be the same, the color would be different. Thus you would have a different picture."
Courtney smiled again. "You're wonderful. You really are."
"I try my best. Shall we get started now? Can I take your picture?"
"Sure."
The two women put their coffee down on a nearby table. Gianna got her large camera, and Courtney stood awkwardly in the loft apartment, not knowing what to do.
"You look tense," Gianna said.
"I've never done this before. Do you want me to stop talking and strike a sexy pose or something?"
"No. That's the last thing I want. Just act natural. Keep talking to me."
Gianna pointed the camera at her and started snapping a few shots.
"What are you going to do with these pictures anyway?" Courtney asked. "Are you going to put them on your website?"
Gianna snapped more shots. "Only if you want me to. I wouldn't mind putting these on my website. Or I could put them in my next book and you'll receive some extra money. It's up to you. No matter what you decide, I'll be sure to send you copies of these pictures."
Courtney walked around the room while different pictures of her were being taken.
"How does everything look so far?" Courtney asked.
Gianna put the camera down and gave a playful expression. "I don't know. I haven't seen the final images yet. Right now I'm just taking pictures."
"Right," Courtney said playfully. "Well how doIlook? Good I hope."
"You look like a beautiful young woman who's exploring something new. You look nervous, but brave. Confident, yet unsure of herself. You look as though you're going through a phase in your life which will define who you are as a person."
"Not bad. I'd say you're pretty spot on," Courtney smiled.
"I'm good at reading people. Last shot. Hold your smile."
Gianna snapped the last photograph of Courtney smiling before turning off the camera.
"That was a lot of fun," Courtney said.
"I had a lot of fun as well."
"Can we do it again sometime soon?"
Gianna winked. "I'd love that. How about next Saturday? At the beach."
"Sounds great. Any reason for choosing the beach?"
"Because I think that's where you'd be the most comfortable. You're a beach girl, aren't you?"
Courtney winked back. "I grew up by the beach."
"I thought so. You seem like that kind of girl. Plus you have a beautiful tan."
"Well, you're right about being able to read people."
"I've photographed hundreds of people in my life. And I've had extremely intimate conversations with many of them. So I know a thing or two about people."
"What do you normally talk about that gets them to open up?" Courtney asked curiously.
Gianna thought a moment. "A little bit of everything I suppose. Love, life, pain, sex. Usually their sexual desires. Once you get them started on that, then you start seeing a portrait of therealperson."
"That makes sense in a weird way."
"I think it does. Sexual desires exists within the confines of everybody's mind. It's human nature and obviously people are afraid to reveal them because of how intimate they can be. But people feel comfortable talking to me, so they let it out."
"And that's when you snap the pictures," Courtney nodded. "That's actually a pretty good idea."
"Years of trial and error."
"Can I ask you a personal question?" Courtney asked. "You totally don't have to answer it. I'm just curious. But do the people you photograph ever get aroused when they start telling you about their sexual fantasies? Do you?"
"Yes and yes."
"Oh, well that was blunt."
Gianna laughed. "We're all adults here. We all have feelings."
"Very true."
Gianna walked over to a nearby counter top and picked up an envelope, which she handed to Courtney.
"Here, take this," Gianna said. "For your time."
"Oh, there's no way I could ever take that. But thanks for the nice gesture."
"Please, I insist."
"I can't. I had so much fun today and I really learned a lot from you. It would be a crime for me to take your money. How about we just continue doing this and we'll call it even?"
Gianna smiled, "Come to my apartment next Saturday, same time. I'll drive us to the beach for a more extensive shoot. We'll see where it goes from there."
"Sounds good," Courtney smiled back.
***
A few days later. Courtney was in her small studio apartment when the delivery man came. She answer the door and saw him holding a package for her.
"Please sign," he said, handing her the package.
Courtney signed and accepted it. "Thanks. Have a great day."
"You too. Have a nice day."
She closed the door and sat down in her living room. It was from Gianna. Courtney opened the package, and the first thing she saw was a handwritten note:
Surprise!
These are for you. I hope you're satisfied with the outcome. I know I am. We have good chemistry together. I hope we can continue.
Your friend,
G
Courtney put the letter down and looked inside the package to see all of the pictures taken from days ago. She was flattered by the images. No one had ever taken pictures of her the way that Gianna had. She continued looking through each image. She could barely recognize herself. Every shot look professional and graceful. There was an honesty to the pictures.
She was completely awestruck.
***
Saturday morning was rainy, with mixtures of heavy showers. Courtney arrived to the loft apartment dressed in a thick coat and carrying an umbrella. Gianna opened the door and let her in.
"Looks rough out there," Gianna said.
Courtney put the umbrella down and took off her coat.
"Yikes. It's brutal. But I think it's calming down. I guess we aren't going to the beach anytime soon."
"Probably not the best idea. That's okay. We can continue in here. I'll make us some warm soup for lunch a bit later."
"Sounds nice," Courtney replied.
Gianna took Courtney's coat and hung it on the coat rack. Then she headed to the kitchen to fix them hot chocolate.
"I've thought about our last conversation a lot," Courtney said.
"Yeah. What about it?"
"I just thought it was interesting. When I went back to look at your website, the pictures had a totally new context to them. And of course, I thought the pictures you took of me were amazing. So thank you for that."
Gianna walked over and handed Courtney a cup of hot chocolate. The two women took sips of their drinks while standing in the living room.
"I'm glad you appreciate my work."
"It's easy to appreciate," Courtney replied. "I know I'm starting to sound like a fan girl, but I'm being honest."
"Can I ask you a personal question?"
"Anything."
"Do you wish you were photographed nude like some of the women on my website? I get the feeling that those images excited you in some way, like you wanted to be in their position. In other words, do you have an exhibitionist side?"
Courtney blushed. "I don't know. I think I do. I've never thought about it like that, but the idea of being exposed kind of excites me in some weird way."
"It's fairly normal. Exhibitionism is a common fantasy for men and women. There's something about leaving yourself open and vulnerable which gives a unique thrill."
"Are you an exhibitionist?"
"A little bit," Gianna replied. "I'm much more of a voyeur. I love to watch. Seeing people in their sexual element gives me a rush which I can't find anywhere else."
"Does that mean you were aroused last week when you were taking my picture?" Courtney asked with a smile.
"A lady never tells," Gianna smiled back. "What about you? Were you secretly aroused when you were modeling for my camera?"
Courtney raised an eyebrow and gave a cute look. "Maybe. That's for me to know, and you to wonder."
"Well, there's something else I'm wondering at the moment. Mind if I ask another question?"
"Please do," Courtney said playfully.
"Do you like the outdoors?"
"I grew up around Santa Cruz," the college student replied. "I love being outdoors, around the trees, and water especially. Why do you ask?"
"I have a small garden on the rooftop of this building. Maybe I can grab my camera and we can take a few pictures right now. You can borrow my clothes if you get soaking wet. Are you interested?"
"Sounds like the perfect plan for a rainy day."
***
The heavy rain turned to light drizzle by the time the two women reached the rooftop of the building. Both women were wearing their tshirts and neither of them cared that they were getting wet. It was part of their experience. Courtney marveled at the private garden.
"This is pretty amazing," Courtney said.
The college student walked around in the light rain, looking at the different plants and the fruits and vegetables which were growing. She didn't care that she was getting wet. Her hair and clothes were slowly becoming drenched. In her mind, it was like the rain wasn't even there.
"I knew you'd like it," Gianna said, quickly snapping a picture.
Gianna took more pictures of the unsuspecting college student. Once Courtney realized her picture was being taken, she looked at the camera and struck playful poses around the garden.
"You're much more relaxed this time," Gianna noted.
Courtney struck more poses. "I guess I'm more comfortable today."
"Good. Now take off your tshirt. I'm dying to see what you look like underneath."
Courtney suddenly froze and looked around. The rooftop she was standing on was surrounded by high-rise buildings. Some of the buildings were apartments, others were office buildings. All of the surrounding buildings had a clear view of Courtney, and if anybody decided to look through their window, they would have a pleasant surprise.
"People might see us," Courtney said hesitantly.
"That's the idea."
"Wouldn't this be illegal?" Courtney asked nervously.
Gianna held in her laughter. "We're on private property. There's no crime. But if you don't want to do it, that's fine. I don't want to pressure you. Let's continue what we're doing."
When Gianna lifted her camera and prepared to take more photos, Courtney reached for the bottom of her wet tshirt.
"Wait," Courtney said. "I want to try it. I'm interested."
"I'm serious, I don't want to pressure you. What we're doing now is perfectly fine."
The college student swiftly pulled the wet shirt overhead and tossed it on a nearby table. She stood in her bra, while the light rain coated her body. Courtney's eyes briefly surveyed all of the nearby buildings and she wondered if anyone was watching her. Being so vulnerable to the world was a surreal feeling. She felt an adrenaline rush flowing through her body. It was exciting, new, and thrilling. Then she heard more snaps from the camera.
"Your reaction is priceless," Gianna said, taking more pictures.
"This is awkward for me. I don't know how to react."
"Be confident and comfortable in your own skin. Realize that you're beautiful. I think you're a unique person, and don't be afraid of that. Be yourself. The rest will come naturally."
Courtney turned away from the camera and continued modeling in her bra. She spun around the garden as if she was doing a ballet routine. The camera kept snapping as Courtney wandered in between the different plants. Soon, the camera was becoming oblivious to her. She was in her own world, free of judgement and restraints. The cold rain water running down her body gave her a feeling of bliss. It was like she exploring feelings which she never knew existed.
When Courtney's back was facing the camera, she reached behind herself and unclasped her bra. The camera kept on snapping. Courtney threw the bra to the wet floor and then turned around. Her perky breasts were exposed the camera. Her pink nipples were rock hard from the cold rain. Her face showed her fearlessness.
"Are you comfortable with this?" Gianna asked, putting the camera down.
"I'm positive I am."
Gianna pointed the camera back at the college student and took topless photos of her. Courtney spun around once again with her arms in the air. Her body weaved in and out between the different plants. It was a feeling of complete freedom. It was something new.
Before she could find herself becoming more comfortable with her partial nudity, the soft drizzle was soon becoming heavy rain once again. A loud thunder ruined the peaceful vibe. Both of the women became shocked by the sudden downpour.
"We better go now," Gianna said.
Courtney grabbed her clothes and both women ran inside the building.
***
They were both soaking wet once they reached Gianna's apartment. Water was dripping all over the floor and they were both thankful to return to a warm place which was dry. Courtney was still topless with her clothes in hand and she was nearly shaking.
"Well that was fun," Gianna said playfully.
"I know," Courtney said with a shivering voice. "Can I have a towel?"
"Coming right up."
Gianna quickly went to the closet to grab a large towel, along with a smaller towel for Courtney's hair. She handed them to the college student, who put her clothes down and dried her body with the large towel.
"Thank you," Courtney said, drying her hair.
Gianna lifted her camera. "Do you mind?"
"No."
As Courtney was still drying her hair with the towel, Gianna snapped more pictures. The pictures showed Courtney's vulnerability. There was an innocence in Courtney's eyes as she looked at the camera lens while drying herself.
"Beautiful," Gianna said. "You're a natural beauty. Everything you do is beautiful."
"I'm glad somebody thinks so," Courtney joked. "My clothes are a mess."
"Don't worry. We're almost the same size. You can borrow my sweater, and my pants."
"Thanks so much."
"It's the least I can do," Gianna replied. "But there's one condition."
"What's that?"
"You have to let me take pictures while you're changing your clothes. It's something that I have to capture."
Courtney raised an eyebrow. "Fair is fair."
***
The delivery man dropped off the package while Courtney was still on the phone with her mother. She was dressed in a robe, fresh from the shower. As soon as she saw the package, she knew it was pictures from Gianna. A feeling of excitement came over her.
"Sorry mom," Courtney said, picking up the phone once again. "Thanks for waiting. It was the delivery man."
"Did you order anything interesting?" mom asked.
"Some art stuff."
Courtney ripped open the package while her mom was still on the phone. She couldn't wait. Then she took the stack of photos from inside the package and placed them on the couch so she could look at them.
Her mom noted, "I'm glad to hear you're still pursuing that hobby. Sounds like you're having a good time in San Francisco."
"Believe me, I am."
Courtney looked through the first set of photos, which was of her playing in the garden with her tshirt on, then in her bra. Then she looked at the photos of herself topless in the rain. It surprised her to see how relaxed she was with her breasts exposed in front of the camera and in front of several neighboring buildings.
"Did you get what you wanted in the mail?" her mom asked. "You seem quiet all of a sudden."
"Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. I'm looking at some pictures. I made a new friend recently. We're exploring art stuff together."
Courtney looked at the next set of photos, which was of herself topless, soaking wet, while she dried herself with a towel in Gianna's apartment. The tone of the photographs didn't feel as artistic as the earlier set. The tone in the pictures became much more sexual.
"That's wonderful. I'm glad you're already making new friends in a big city. I'm assuming this person is a classmate of yours."
"Not exactly," Courtney replied. "We met on the street when she saw me taking pictures. She's a professional artist. So she's been helping me out with all sorts of cool tips and advice. It's a big learning experience for me."
"I'm glad to hear it. It never hurts to meet new people."
"I agree."
Courtney looked at the next set of pictures, which showed her kissing Gianna on the mouth. Their lips and tongue met. It was sensual and wet. The other photos were close ups of Courtney's breasts, then of Gianna sucking each of her hard pink nipples. In the last set of photos, Courtney was on her knees, naked, with her mouth on Gianna's bare vagina performing oral sex.
It was Courtney's first lesbian experience. She never forgot the feeling of Gianna's mouth on her nipples and how amazing it felt. She could still remember what Gianna's vaginal fluids tasted like and how it felt to have her tongue there.
"Do you mind if I call you later?" Courtney asked. "There's something I need to take care of."
"No worries. I know how busy you must be with college and everything. Take care."
"I love you mom."
"I love you too sweetie."
The call ended and Courtney put her phone away. She walked to the apartment window, still in her bathrobe. The sky was clear and people were walking on the busy streets. Her fingers opened the robe and she exposed her breasts and vagina to the world, wondering if anybody was looking. Her body was free for everyone to see.
A thrill crept up her spine. A burning feeling grew instantly between her legs. Courtney looked down at the crowds walking the street. Everyone was oblivious to her nudity. It was an extreme rush which she had never felt before.
She brought her fingers down and placed them on her crotch. Her fingers moved lower, and the tip of her index finger rubbed her engorged clitoris in a circular motion. She moaned. Her head tilted back. Her mind raced at the idea that someone on the street could simply look up to see her naked body. Her heart was pounding.
Courtney masturbated furiously. Moans escaped her lips. The muscles in her back, legs, and feet began to tighten. Being an exhibitionist to the public was something that lit a fire inside of her. All her life she had been thegood girl, but not at that moment.
Her mind became filled with lewd thoughts of her first lesbian experience with Gianna. She imagined Gianna sucking her nipples once again. She thought of them kissing passionately on the mouth. What made her aroused more than anything else was remembering her first experience on her knees, with a wet pussy in front of her face. She remembered kissing it, licking it, sucking it, and putting her tongue inside of it.
Courtney's fingers went inside of her warm pussy and she didn't hold back. It wasn't long before her moans became cries. She came, and Courtney briefly rested her forehead on the window, lightly.
When the orgasm finally subsided and the feeling of pleasure began to fade, Courtney closed her robe. She carefully looked down at the street to see if anyone was watching, but no one did. No one saw the free show. Everyone went about their daily lives. Courtney then walked to the bathroom to wash her hands.
***
Saturday early morning. Gianna parked her car near the beach. She and Courtney removed their shoes and left them in the car. They were both casually dressed, in jeans and tshirts, barefoot. Gianna carried the large camera which had a strap around her neck.
"Perfect day," Gianna said. "It couldn't be better."
They both marveled at the blue sky, clouds, and the blue sea which sent large waves. The sun was still rising and there weren't many people around.
"Did you have any ideas of what you wanted to shoot?"
Gianna smiled, "Anything withyouin the picture."
"You're sweet," Courtney smiled back.
The two women walked on the beach, feeling the sand beneath their feet. Courtney followed Gianna's lead towards the ocean waves. There wasn't a plan between them, only artistic meandering. Courtney didn't mind. She liked the way that Gianna worked.
"Walk on the wet sand," Gianna said. "I want pictures of the ocean water hitting your feet. That always makes for a nice image."
Courtney did as she was told. She stepped on the wet sand and her feet immediately sunk in. The next wave came and it soaked her feet, along with the bottom of her jeans. Gianna took pictures of Courtney's reaction to the cold water.
"God, it's been so long since I've felt anything like that," Courtney replied. "It feels so refreshing."
"Felt what?"
"The ocean wave," Courtney answered. "I grew up near the water. I used to go swimming with my friends and my sisters all the time, especially during hot days. Now I live in the city, which I love. But I miss this feeling. I love the water."
"You seem natural in the water, like it comforts you."
Courtney pulled her hair back after the wind messed it up. "You're right."
"Take your shirt off. Throw it in the ocean wave."
"Are you serious?"
"I think it would make for an iconic photograph of you. And I would love to have it. Besides, nudity is not a big deal in this area of the beach. I also have spare clothes in my car."
Courtney looked around. There were a few people in the area, but none of them were paying any attention to her since they were far away. She took off her tshirt and tossed it in the next ocean wave. She felt a cool breeze across her skin, which almost made her shiver. She could hear the camera snapping more shots of her, as she stood in her bra.
"Beautiful," Gianna said. "I think you're going to be amazed by what I just captured."
"I'm sure I will."
"So how are you feeling right now?"
"A little cold," Courtney laughed. "But I also feel a sense of freedom. It feels nice."
"Enjoying yourself?"
"I am. And I have a little confession to make."
Gianna snapped more pictures. "Tell me."
"When I received the last set of pictures you sent me, I touched myself in front of my living room window, in front of the crowded street. I don't know. I guess those pictures aroused me. So does the idea of doing something so open for people to see. I've always fantasized about having sex in public. So I guess I'm an exhibitionist."
"I had a feeling you were."
"Did you know the day we met?" Courtney asked with an eyebrow raised.
"Not exactly," Gianna winked. "The first time I saw you, I thought you were an attractive girl. You looked like a very nice person with a great attitude, so I asked if I could take pictures of you. It wasn't part of some master plan to get you naked."
Courtney playfully raised her arms. "Yet here I am, in my bra, in front of your camera."
"And I love every second of it."
Gianna snapped more pictures of the college student playing in the water. Courtney laughed and spun around, doing a dance routine for the camera. Her pants became even more wet, up to her knees, as more ocean waves came. Suddenly she stopped and froze.
"What is it?" Gianna asked, pointing her camera down.
"Holy crap. There's a guy from my college class nearby. I barely know him though. He must be a lifeguard on the weekends or something because he's standing near that watchtower. Shit, he's looking right at us."
"So? Give him something to remember you by," Gianna said with a sly grin.
Courtney put her hands around her chest. "Jeez. This is humiliating."
"I thought you were an exhibitionist?"
"Not with people I know."
"Well consider this a test of your sexuality, and how much control you have over it," Gianna said. "I want you to remove your bra. Right now. Toss it to the ocean waves."
"You're such a horrible influence on me," Courtney playfully replied.
"Yet you're still here."
"I guess so."
Courtney unclasped her bra to reveal her small perky breasts and she tossed her bra to the ocean. Her pink nipples were rock hard from the cool morning breeze and the cold ocean water. She then lifted her arms in the air so Gianna could take a few pictures, and she immediately brought her hands to her chest to cover her breasts again.
"Still nervous?" Gianna asked.
"God, he's glancing in this direction. He saw my boobs!"
"You're gorgeous. What do you expect?"
Courtney suddenly turned away. "Shit, he's looking at us again."
"What's his name?"
"Jeff. Please don't turn around and look at him."
Gianna turned her head to look at the young man. "He's handsome. I'm surprised you two aren't dating. Both of you would make a great couple."
"I was hoping he would ask me out, but he never did," Courtney replied. "Can you do me a favor and grab a towel from your car? This is so awkward."
"Nonsense. He's already seen your tits. It's obvious you like him, and he likes you. So I think you should be a good girl and introduce yourself to him."
Courtney removed her hands to flash her breasts. "Like this?"
"Exactly like that," Gianna replied. "What better way to get his attention? Better yet, I think you should offer him a nice blowjob, one that he'll never forget."
"Are you out of your mind?"
"I could tell by looking at your chest that you're breathing heavy. You're clearly aroused."
"Maybe a little."
Gianna raised an eyebrow. "Then go for it. I'll be here, taking pictures from afar."
"God forbid someone drowns while I'm blowing him."
"Relax. There are other lifeguards on duty. Besides, with a tongue like yours, making him cum shouldn't take very long. Nobody is here anyway."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence."
With that said, Courtney marched off towards Jeff's direction.
Gianna smiled, standing by the ocean waves, which occasionally splashed her feet. She watched as the completely topless college student interacted with the handsome young man. Courtney became more at ease with her nudity. The man was clearly aroused by her breasts. Gianna snapped pictures of them talking.
The young pair then walked to the side of the public bathroom, which was secluded, but Gianna could still see them with her camera. She photographed the pair. She watched Courtney get down on her knees and undo the front of Jeff's swimming trunks to reveal an already hard cock. She then watched Courtney lean forward to take it in her mouth.
Gianna smiled and took more pictures.
***
It wasn't long before they arrived back to Gianna's apartment. Courtney wore a thick sweater which Gianna always kept in her car. Both of them were still barefoot, holding their shoes and socks in their hands. The bottom of their jeans were still wet.
Gianna closed the door after both women entered the apartment and she placed her camera on a nearby table.
"What a morning," Courtney sighed.
"Now that we're alone, and comfortable, tell me about your experience with Jeff."
"You already saw the whole thing. Do you want the naughty details?" Courtney asked with an eyebrow raised, already knowing the answer.
"Everynaughty detail," Gianna grinned. "What you said to him. What you felt. How you sucked his cock. I want to know what his cum tasted like."
Courtney took a deep breath. "I was so nervous walking up to him with my breasts on full display. He couldn't take his eyes away from them, as much as he tried. I could tell he was nervous. So was I. We made small talk and I told him that I really liked him. He said he liked me too. Then I asked if we could have a minute alone, in private. He looked confused, but I think he knew what I wanted."
"He must have been thrilled."
"Definitely. He was really nervous too. Both of us were. I think I was more nervous. When we were in private, I didn't tell him what I was going to do. I just did it."
"What was going through your mind when you dropped to your knees for him?" Gianna asked.
"Mostly fear. I was afraid he was going to stop me and tell me he already had a girlfriend or something. Or maybe he misunderstood what I wanted, and he wasn't interested in getting a blowjob from me, for whatever reason. I was afraid somebody might see us, besides you. But I think that was part of the fun. The adrenaline rush was incredible."
"Then what?"
"I pulled his swimming trunks down," Courtney replied. "He was throbbing. I mean, that thing was rock hard, which was flattering. I took it as a major complement. The skin of his cock was so soft, but it was stiff like a lead pipe. I kissed it, then I licked it for a while. Then I sucked him off with more enthusiasm than I've ever had before. It was really hot."
"How did you feel between your legs?"
"My pussy felt like it was burning. My whole body felt warm and I completely forgot that I was half naked on a cold morning. It was such a fucking thrill. The thought of doing it outdoors with the risk of being caught was insane."
"What was it like when he came in your mouth?" Gianna asked. "Did you like it?"
Courtney smiled, "It tasted nice. I liked it. I swallowed every drop, licked the head clean, darted my tongue inside his opening, then I tucked it back inside of his swimming trunks. When it was over I stood up and winked at him. I told him that I'll see him on Monday. Then I told him that this is our secret. If he wants to continue, he can't tell anyone. We said our goodbyes for the day, then I left. That was it."
"I'm sure he can't wait to see you again."
"Class is going to be awkward."
"How are you feeling right now?" Gianna asked. "Did you like telling me that story?"
"You have no idea."
"I better find out for myself then," Gianna said, stepping forward and unbuttoning the girl's jeans.
"It's a little wet down there."
Gianna put her fingers down Courtney's panties and inside her warm pussy.
"My god, you're a real mess. You poor little thing. How can you stand being so pent up and frustrated like this?"
Courtney raised an eyebrow. "It's not easy at all. But what choice did I have? There was no place on the beach for me to relieve myself. We couldn't do it in your car either because someone might have seen us."
"We're safe in my apartment now. There's no one here to stop us, or judge us. Shall I do the honors of providing you with much needed relief?"
Gianna swirled her fingers inside Courtney's wet pussy.
"Yes, please."
Gianna got down on her knees. Courtney's jean pants were quickly removed. Then the panties. Courtney was naked from the waist down and she leaned her back against the wall, with her legs spread. Courtney picked up Gianna's camera from the nearby table.
The college student used the camera to look down at Gianna, then she snapped a picture. Gianna planted soft kisses around the vaginal mound. The kisses were all over Courtney's crotch. Then the kisses focused on the clitoris and labia. Courtney moaned.
"It feels so nice, the way you do it," Courtney said, looking down.
Gianna looked up at the student. "It's about to feel a lot better. I know how to make a young woman like you feel good."
Moans escaped Courtney's lips as Gianna licked the wet pussy in front of her. Gianna licked up and down the labia. Her tongue circled the aroused clitoris. Then she sucked on each of Courtney's vaginal lips, stretching them with the suction of her mouth. Courtney gasped once Gianna stuck her tongue inside of her wet pussy, tasting her fluids.
Courtney used the camera to snap more pictures of Gianna. She almost laughed to herself realizing how she was taking her first set of sexually explicit photo. Then she did it, she took a picture of herself being orally pleasured by an older woman.
Gianna looked up at the camera, with her mouth full of Courtney's pussy, and gave the camera a seductive look with her eyes. It was clear Gianna relished the spotlight. There was no shame or sense of indignity. She loved it. She looked directly into the camera, winked, and she worked extra hard to please the warm pussy in her mouth.
"Oh god. That feels so good," Courtney moaned.
"Maybe you'll like this better," Gianna replied, removing her mouth, and using her fingers to pleasure Courtney's pussy.
Her fingers worked furiously, in and out, to satisfy Courtney. Sloppy wet noises filled the room. Vaginal fluids were dripping down Gianna's arm, and onto the floor. Courtney cried, and she had no choice but to put the camera down. There was no way she could hold a camera with the amount of sexual pleasure she was receiving.
When Courtney put the camera down, she looked across the room, and saw an older man watching them through the window from a nearby apartment building.
"Oh fuck," Courtney groaned. "Someone is watching us right now."
"Is it a middle aged man?" Gianna asked before putting her mouth on Courtney's pussy once again.
"Uh...I think...uh...it is...oh god...oh..."
Gianna grinned, continuing to lick and finger the pussy. "Don't worry about him. He's a friend of mine. Heloveswatching me. And I love putting on dirty shows for him. Why do you think I don't have any curtains here?"
After giving Courtney another seductive look with her eyes, Gianna removed her fingers and used her mouth once again. She licked all of the vaginal fluids, then she returned to eating the pussy in front of her.
Courtney moaned, and relaxed. Her eyes wandered away from Gianna and onto the man from the adjacent building. She felt extremely awkward that a man was watching them. It became clear that the man was jerking himself off. His right arm was moving furiously, but his erection was out of her view. It wasn't long before Courtney relished in the feeling of being an exhibitionist once again. The burning feeling in her pussy grew to heights she never thought possible.
"I'm cumming. I'm cumming."
Every muscle in her body contracted to the point where it was almost painful. She had to use every ounce of strength she had in order to keep herself from falling over. Then she came. Courtney screamed out loud from the sexual pleasure and Gianna simultaneously used her fingers and mouth to increase the intensity.
Courtney's eyes were still open during the height of her climax. She watched the perverted neighbor masturbate to her and Gianna engaging in oral sex. It made her orgasm much more intense and her body was trembling when it was over.
Gianna stood up and licked her own lips for Courtney to see. Gianna took pleasure in seeing Courtney's face up close, watching the college student recover from a powerful orgasm.
"You taste so good," Gianna teased.
"As good as you I hope."
"Why don't you have a taste for yourself?"
Gianna leaned forward and kissed Courtney on the mouth. They swapped Courtney's vaginal fluids with their wet kiss, and their tongues wrestled in each others mouth.
"That was not bad at all," Courtney smiled.
"I know. And I think I can still taste Jeff's cum in your mouth. I can see why you enjoyed sucking his dick."
"If you like his cum, maybe I can introduce you to him."
"Maybe."
"But right now, I thinkyouneed a turn," Courtney said. "You must be soaking wet right now."
"I am."
"Then I think we better give your neighbor from across the street another show."
"He's seen enough for one day," Gianna replied. "I've got a better idea."
"Oh?"
"Let's go back to my rooftop garden. You can eat my pussy while the office workers are on their lunch break. They'll have plenty to watch. Are you brave enough for that?"
Courtney smiled, "Why don't we find out?"
They went to the rooftop garden and Gianna laid back on a lounge chair. Naked and unabashed. Courtney was on her knees eating pussy, for Gianna, and whoever else wanted to see.
It was erotic. Exhilarating. A real rush. As Courtney licked and sucked, she knew she found a new drug. When cum rushed down her throat, Courtney knew that she was an exhibitionist woman.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.