It's Nancy time!
There are things that have been said about me in the previous portions of this story, that while all true, do paint a picture of me as some sort of deviant. So if you've read this far through this tale of lake side debauchery I'm guessing you won't mind reading about what makes me...well me.
Our drive up to the lake house was very long and boring. Having a husband that insists on doing all the driving makes it all the worse. Sitting in the passenger seat, all morning and into the afternoon makes me fidgety. There's only so much reading, singing badly to the radio and doing crossword puzzles I can do before I get bored and my thoughts turn towards sex. When those sex thoughts get to be too much, masturbating.
I guess, if I'm being honest, my thoughts almost always turn to sex.
What can I say? It's my most favorite hobby.
Don and I after a little over nineteen years of marriage, still mess up the sheets, couch, kitchen floor or wherever we happen to be at the time, 3-4 nights a week. Combine that with all the masturbating I do over the course of a week, means sex is on my mind a lot.
Yes I said it, I masturbate, I do it a lot and if I'm any kind of a fair and impartial judge, I do it well.... I've never complained.
It's my ultimate boredom and stress reliever.
Every morning the first thing I do when I wake up is slide my arm under the covers and slowly strum my clit until I get off. I love the way it feels, not being totally awake, the warmth of the blankets and that urgency to climax before my bladder decides I must get out of bed.
If I don't have my wake up cum in bed, it happens in the shower. My soapy hands running up and down my body, slippery fingers gliding in and out of my pussy and butt or I'll get myself off with the hand held shower head pulsing water on my clit....mmmm I love that.
Driving to and from work, the odds are pretty good that at some point, my hand will be up my skirt, sometimes over and sometimes under my panties, teasing my pussy. It's rare that I will do it until I climax, unless I am stuck in a traffic jam.
I just like teasing my pussy a bit and leaving it wanting.
At work, if my day is stressful I am apt to locking my office (an office is one of the big perks of being "Queen Bitch in Charge), stripping down and fingering myself off once or twice. It's my version of a smoke break. Before I made partner and was a mere associate, I used to have to lock myself in a bathroom stall for my "me breaks". It worked but sometimes it was difficult when the woman in the stall next to you was loudly blowing out the disagreeable Indian food she'd had for lunch.
So I'm sure you get it, I can be kind of insatiable when it comes to playing with myself.
Now with all the self service I seem to do, you would think it was because there was something lacking in my sex life with my husband....Well you'd be wrong. I love sex with Don. I love it when he holds me, when he kisses me and even after all these years, a simple touch from that man will make me wet. There is nothing in life I love more than having my husband's cock in my hand, mouth, pussy or ass and I try to have it in one or more of those places as often as I can.
Yes I realize I'm all over the board here, but you need to know all of this stuff, so I can properly tell my side of our tryst with Ray and Anna.
I was incredibly horny when I woke up that first morning at the lake house. Don had driven all day and by the time we all went to bed, he was really out of it. As wanting as I was when I woke up and as inviting as his hard cock looked as I spied his nude body next to mine and as easy as it would have been to straddle him and slide that hard cock into my soaking wet pussy, I decided to let the man sleep.
Getting out of bed after placing a big, wet, sloppy tongue kiss on the head of Doug's penis, I threw on the previous day's panties (Yes I sleep nude, it makes it easier when I want to straddle my husband and slide his hard cock in my wet pussy in the early morning hours.) and a tank top. After a couple of seconds' deliberation, I decided to put a pair of shorts on too. Not that I had any worries about Anna seeing me in a pair of panties and I'm sure I've flashed Ray a few times when wearing a skirt, both with and without panties, over the years the shorts were probably not necessary but I didn't want to make things awkward on our first full day of vacation together.
Little did I know, right?
After making a pot of coffee, I grabbed a cup and my book and headed outside. There was a path from the house to the lake. At the midpoint, there was a small sitting area with a bench, a couple of chairs and a table.
My plan was to read for a bit and when it warmed up, be daring and skinny dip the lake.
The cool morning air and damp ground beneath my bare feet sent a chill through my body and made my nipples hard. Feeling them brushing against my top as my boobs bounced with every step made my already overheated pussy, all the warmer.
Sitting down on one the chairs, I was pleasantly surprised that the position pulled my silky panties nicely against my bald pussy. Swinging my leg back and forth added to the sensation.
Settled in, I tried my best to concentrate on my book, but that wasn't happening. As the sun started warming my body, I found my thoughts turning more towards my own pleasure, rather than the characters in the book.
Giving up, I set the book down and stretched out on the chair. My left hand made its way to my breasts, squeezing them through my shirt as my right one ended up between my legs, over my shorts. Even I was a little surprised at how I'd soaked through both my panties and my shorts.
Given my penchant for masturbating, there was a part of me that wanted to strip nude, spread my legs and go to town on my wet pussy. The thought of getting off, out in the open where someone might catch me, either a stranger wandering up the beach path or one of my two closest friends was very arousing.
While I have a thing for masturbating as often as I can, I have a real love for doing it where I might get caught. I've done it in changing rooms, bathroom stalls, movie theaters (I love going in the winter, place my coat in my lap and even the stranger sitting next to me has no idea that I am fingering myself as soon as the lights dim) and of course, as I told Ray while we were in the shower together, countless friends and sometimes families bathrooms when I raid the dirty clothes hamper and find the woman of the house's panties...Especially Anna's.
I was more than ready to do it, until I started over thinking. Getting caught nude, wouldn't have been a big deal. Don had seen me nude once or twice... I'd been naked around Anna in locker rooms, saunas and time's we'd changed in front of each other. Ray had never seen me nude, as far as I knew. Sure he'd seen glimpses down my blouse or up my skirt over the years, but never in the "all together".
But he was a nudist, both of them had been to nude beaches and resorts over the years. I know this because Anna showed me pictures of one of their vacations once. We'd scrolled through about half the pictures before she realized that she and Ray were nude in all of them and I was getting an eyeful of his cock.
Even getting caught masturbating wasn't that daunting. I mean, we all do it. Getting caught just rubbing my pussy could be laughed off.
But knowing myself the way I do, I knew that as soon as my panties were off, they were going to be in my face and while the idea of someone catching me at my most favorite kink in the world was on some level enticing, I wasn't ready for my friends to catch me doing it.
Reluctantly, I decided that getting naked and playing with myself, out in the open, would be a bad idea.
I settled in with my book until I heard someone coming down the path. As he came into view, he reminded me of Baloo the Bear from Jungle Book. If Baloo had been naked, a towel over his shoulder, cup of coffee in one a hand and his hard bear cock in the other, stroking it as he walked.
It wasn't Baloo, it was Ray obviously with the same thought as I had to come out to the clearing and have a morning wank.
It had been quite a while since I'd seen a hard cock, other than Don's. I have to admit, I liked what I saw. Ray was about the same length and thickness as Don. The major difference between the two was the head of Don's cock was truly mushroom shaped, about a third bigger around than Ray's.
Ray still hadn't seen me when he got to the clearing. He stood for a second, looking at the lake, his rigid cock jutting out from his thin-ish cycling body had me tingling between my legs. If we weren't married to other people, I'd have been on my knees sucking him in a heartbeat.
Alas, we were both married and I despised cheaters, so it wasn't going to happen. But I figured, there was no harm in some naked fun.
"Aren't you worried about blindness?" I asked him as he was wrapping his hand around his shaft.
So, you all know what happened next. I got naked with Ray, we had a swim, Anna came out and was surprisingly cool about seeing her husband nude with a boner chatting with her equally nude best friend. She ended up naked too. Then Don joined us and after a little prodding from me, he stripped down too.
Since it's my story and I can tell it anyway I want, I think I'll pick it up again when Anna and Ray went for a skinny dip.
"Where is all of this going?" Don asked as he knelt between my splayed legs and ran his finger tips over my wet pussy.
"I'm not....uhhh," I started to say, but lost my train of thought as he plunged two fingering inside of me. "God that feels good. Ask me again after you make me cum."
With his index and middle finger still inside of me, Don's tongue softly grazed my swollen clit. Those soft grazes turned into more urgent flicks, finally settling into his tongue undulating over my entire pussy. He licked my lips as they parted for his fingers, then back to my clit. Each time he pumped his fingers into me, his pinky would brush against my wet and wanting anus.
Reaching over, I grabbed my discarded, sodden panties. Holding them up to my face, I inhaled my own scent. I'd gotten myself off twice in them the day before while we were combination of scents, my pussy, sweat and the slightest hint of pee...They were fantastic.
"Anna's are right beside you," Don stopped licking my pussy to tell me.
A wave of erotic heat, surged through my body.
I'd raided her hamper before and gotten off on her scent and taste. I'd even hit the jackpot a couple of times and found pairs that she'd put on after Ray and she'd had sex.
But that was always in their bathroom behind a locked door.
Dare I do it outside and in the open and risk getting caught?
You already know the answer.
I took a quick glance down the path to make sure the coast was clear, put Anna's bikini bottoms up to my face and inhaled. Don continued finger fucking me, two fingers in my pussy and finally letting his pinkie slip inside my butt.
This was so wrong and so good! The scent on Anna's bottoms was slightly faint. After all she didn't have them on for long, but I could tell she'd gotten excited in them.
I don't know what it was, if it was her particular smell and taste or if it was just the thrill of sniffing your closest friends underwear, but Anna's panties always got me off quickly. Add the excitement of doing it in front of my husband....
I was going to cum and it was going to be a good one.
Don pulled his fingers from my pussy and slid them into my butt...Exactly what I needed...such a good husband.
Don's tongue rolling on my clit, the taste of Anna's bottoms and his fingers in my ass set me off. Big time! As the waves of climaxing ran through my body, I moaned so loud I was surprised Anna and Ray didn't hear me from the lake.
"So...where...is...this...all...going?" Don asked, kissing me between each word.
"I'm all in for whatever happens," was the best answer my climax rattled brain could come up with at the moment.
"Does that include playing with Anna?" he asked as his cock throbbed against me.
"If she's into it," I answered. "What about you and Ray?"
Don's cock throbbed against me even harder as he nodded.
Throughout our entire relationship, Don and I had always striven to be open and honest with each other. It didn't matter if they were life long, go to, always gets you off fantasies or if they were just fleeting "hey this could be fun" desires. Anytime either of us came up with a new fantasy, the other would always do everything we could to make it a reality.
I've known for years that Don was very bi-curious and the idea of it really turned me on. Two men together has always been a huge turn on for me and the thought of watching Don with another guy was incredibly hot.
"I guess we'll just see how things play out," I suggested, reaching down to stroke his cock. "Now stand up and let me suck this thing."
Don stood and presented his dick to me. Wrapping my hand around it, I stroked him a few times as I licked his bulbous head.
I never liked giving head while I was sitting, I much prefer kneeling down.
I got off the bench and knelt down in front of Don. His cock was right at mouth level. I licked and kissed the head a few times while I stroked him. Pursing my lips on the tip, I let his plum shaped head slide past them and into my mouth. As always, the flared head tickled the roof of my mouth as I closed my lips around his shaft. His hands found their way to the sides of my head and slowly moved it back and forth over his cock. With him dictating the pace, I was able to concentrate on swirling and moving my tongue on him.
Don slowly fucked my mouth for a few minutes then had me stop.
"I was getting close," he explained. "I don't want to cum yet."
"Oh Honey," I started, genuinely disappointed. "But I want you to fill my mouth with your cum."
I stroked his shaft and licked the head a few times, before putting him back in my mouth. His thrusts became a little more urgent.
"It's alright if you want to pretend I'm Anna." I took his cock out of my mouth and told him, before taking him back in.
"Or Ray," I said taking it out again.
With a moan he plunged his hard rod back between my lips, his hip thrusts were harder and faster as he fucked my mouth.
"They're back," he whispered to me.
I'd already seen them out of the corner of my eye. From what I could tell, they were both enjoying the show. Ray was hard as a rock with Anna's hand pumping him up and down, while his hand was in front of Anna's crotch, rubbing her pussy.
"You guys can join us if you want," I called out to them.
As you all know, a mini orgy broke out at that point. Starting with me getting to suck two cocks at the same time and ending the next day with, one of the most erotic things I have ever witnessed firsthand, Anna getting double penetrated by the guys. In between there was a lot of bisex fun. Both guys sucked each other's cocks a few times.
Big turn on there!
Anna and I had some girl-girl fun, both with the guys and one on one. There was also some foot fun (I liked that) ass licking (I really liked that, both giving and getting) and some water sports.
All in all, it had been a pretty full two days.
I think we'll pick it it up again after the boys gave Anna her first double fuck....
Anna was surprisingly spry after being worked over so thoroughly by the boys.
"I'm hungry," she told us. "Let's go out to eat tonight. It might be fun to actually wear some clothes this week."
"Did you want to shower first?" I asked. "You're getting a little ripe."
Raising her arm as a response, she turned her head and sniffed at her furry armpit.
"Yes I am," she stage coughed. "I'm sure we all could use a cleanup."
Still nude, the four of us headed back to the house. The boys volunteered to shower first. A twitch of excitement hit my pussy picturing the image of the two of them showering together, but it was for naught as they went into separate bathrooms.
Anna laid a towel on the kitchen counter and sat down. I went to our makeshift bar and mixed the two of us drinks.
"Thank you," she said as I handed the cocktail to her. She then punctuated it with a soft, loving kiss.
"You're most welcome. Do you kiss all your bartenders like that?"
"Just the hot ones. But no, the thank you was for everything. I've loved every second and everything so far."
"Me too," I admitted. "I really loved our little thing this morning."
"Thing? Is that all I am to you? Just a 'thing'?"
"And what would you call it?"
"Lesbian Love Fest....Pussy Party....Muff Madness...." Said, kissing me at each name.
"Well you're the one with the muff, my love." I said, running my finger against her wet, leaking pussy, making her shudder.
"And that muff loves what you do to her," she purred.
She took my hand from her pussy, bringing my wet finger to her mouth. My clit swelled as she slowly licked the tip of my finger before taking it into her mouth. I moaned as she sucked and swirled her tongue around my finger.
I removed my finger and replaced it with my mouth. Our wet lips were sliding together and tongues slipping against each other. We reached for each other's boobs at the same time. Anna gently caressed my nipples between her fingers. Knowing how Anna liked hers played with, I was a little more forceful with my pinching and pulling. Judging from her moans as we kissed, I knew she liked it. I kissed her neck and worked my way over to her ear.
"mmmm", she moaned softly as I grazed her earlobe with my teeth.
She nodded and moaned again as I traced her lobe with the tip of my tongue.
She moved her arm between us and started masturbating while I licked her ears. Her moaning became a little deeper.
"No, no, no, my dear," I said pulling her hand from her pussy. "You don't get to cum yet."
Bringing her hand up, I mimicked what she'd done to me, licking and sucking on her finger as if it were a small cock.
"Shower's clear." I heard Don's voice.
I wondered how long he'd been there watching.
Gazing over, with Anna's finger still in my mouth I saw he was dressed and rubbing his hard cock through his pants....Obviously, he'd been watching for a while.
I turned back to Anna, cupped her face in my hands and gave her a hard, wet, sloppy kiss.
"I'll go get cleaned up then," I said stepping back.
Walking out of the kitchen, I stopped in front of Don.
"Make her a drink, you'll like the way she thanks you," I told him. "But don't let her cum."
I planted a wet, sloppy kiss on my husband and headed off down the hall.
Always the nudist, Ray came out of their bedroom, nude with a pair of pants and a shirt thrown over his shoulder, as I was entering the bathroom.
"Mmmm shower cock," I said.
"What do you...?" was all he had time to say before I leaned down and took his cock in my mouth, sucking on him until he was about half hard.
"I love the taste of cock fresh from the shower," I told him as I closed the bathroom door.
I won't bore you with a deep description of my time in the shower. I washed my hair, scrubbed my body and ran a razor over my legs and pits.
While I did like the "hairy hippie chick" look on Anna, I preferred the sleek and shaved look for me.
Getting dressed proved to be a dilemma. I wanted to look sexy and while I'd packed some clothes that would fit the bill, one dress kept coming to mind.
It was a thin spaghetti strap number I purchased mail order a few years before. I loved the way it felt on me and loved the way it looked especially the way it showed off my boobs.
Unfortunately, the dress tended to show off my boobs a little too well. If I walked too fast, laughed too hard or got up too fast, my boobs wouldn't just ease or fall out of the dress, they would launch themselves. So it was delegated as an around the house dress. Don loved it on me, both tits in and tits out, so it became the dress that I'd wear when I wanted to get laid.
The debate in my head finally quelled, when that inner voice reminded me that I'd been nude for most of the last 48 hours, so if something fell out, it wouldn't be the first time Anna, Ray or Don had seen my tits and I'd never see anyone who saw them again in my life, so I decided to go for it.
Wanting to be a little more wanton, I decided to forgo panties that night. The thought of being completely nude under this thin dress excited me. With a pair of flip flops completing the ensemble, I was ready to go.
"Wow, you look gorgeous." Ray exclaimed as I walked back out to the living room.
Yes it made me feel good about myself.
Ray was finally dressed, Tom was ready to go and Anna had beaten me out of the showers, so everyone was waiting on me.
"I love the dress," Anna said. "Is it new? I've never seen you in it before."
I grabbed the hem and did a quick princess spin in front of her.
"I've had it for a while. It's just tough to wear in public," I told her as I tucked my boob back in the dress.
"I love it even more," Anna smiled.
The four of us piled in Ray's car and we headed to the restaurant. The three of them chuckled as I flashed my pussy to the valet as I swung my legs out of the car, then in my haste to cover up, one of my boobs popped out.
"When we come out, I'll let you see the other one, if you park it in a good spot," I told him to try and lighten his embarrassment.
The rest of dinner went smoothly, I was sitting across the table from Ray and I did tease him a bit by resting my foot in his lap. I liked feeling him get hard under my toes.
I could get used to this foot thing he had going on.
Anna excused herself to go to the bathroom as dinner wound down.
"I brought you dessert," Anna said, setting something on the table in front of me.
In a rookie move, I picked it up and held them out.
It was a pair of panties. They were warm. As I wadded them up to not be so obvious, I felt the crotch. They were damp....They were Anna's.
"Which one of you guys told her?"
"You knew?" Anna asked Ray.
He nodded.
"I've known for years," she told me.
A wave of guilt rushed over me. My eyes started welling.
"I'm sorry," I told her, my voice hardly a whisper.
"Didn't you think it was strange that there was always a fresh dirty pair sitting on the top of the hamper when you looked? I've been leaving them for you. I'm only hurt that you didn't tell me."
"Then I'm sorry for doing it behind your back."
"Apology accepted. However if you want forgiveness, there's something I want you to do."
"What's that?"
"Put them on, you panty freak."
That wave of heat ran up my back and through my neck when she said that. My nipples got hard and my clit throbbed. Without thinking, I kicked off my flip flops, leaned down and slipped my feet in them. With as little movement as I could make, I slid them up my legs and under my dress. It took some maneuvering to slide them up over my ass but I got them on.
I sat back up straight and yep, my boobs fell out of my dress, to make things worse, the guy two tables over, had a bird's eye view of the whole thing.
Deciding to take a pass on actual dessert, we paid the check and left.
I had to laugh and I don't know how he did it, but we walked out the door and there was Ray's car and holding the rear passenger door open, with a big grin on his face, was my favorite valet.
He held out his hand to help me into the car, leaving the other three peasants to get into the car on their own. He kept my hand in his as I sat down.
"Well are you going to tip him?" Don asked sliding in next to me.
"Why yes, I think I will," I answered.
I slowly exposed my left boob (the one he hadn't seen yet) to him. I took his hand and put it on my breast. He gave a little gasp of surprise and a gentle but firm squeeze. Reality set in and he glanced at Don. Don was smiling, so he got brave and gave me another squeeze before pulling his hand away.
"Hold up," I told him as I exposed both breasts to him. "You better do the other one, I don't want it to get jealous."
"Thanks," he croaked out. Judging from the bulge in his pants as he straightened up to shut my door, he enjoyed it.
"Whoa!," Anna exclaimed as we drove away. "I can't believe you did that."
"To be honest neither can I. I just got caught up in the moment."
A thought popped into my head.
"Are you alright with what I did?" I asked Don.
As an answer, Don took my hand and placed it in his lap. His cock was rock hard. I massaged it. It felt good. I unzipped him and it sprung out at me like a jack in the box. Keenly aware that Anna's eyes were on us I slowly ran my hand up and down his shaft while I tried to fish his balls out with the other.
"This would be easier if these were off," I told him as I unbuckled his belt. Once his pants were off, I tossed them up front to Anna.
I was right. Things were easier once I had him nude from the bottom down. It took some maneuvering and I ended up with my ass between the drivers and passenger seats but I spread his legs and lapped my tongue over his balls. I took one then the other in my mouth, swirling my tongue around them while stroking his rigid cock. Up and down my mouth went on his shaft, flicking my tongue over the head, teasing it before taking him deep.
I felt my dress being pulled over my butt by Anna. Her fingers pressed between my legs, pressing my...I mean her panties... against my pussy. She rubbed harder, forcing the silky material into my slit.
Her hand slipped into the backside of the panties.
"She's rubbing my asshole," I announced for Don's benefit.
His cock throbbed in my hand. Taking that as a positive sign, I started rubbing circles around his, in the same way Anna was doing it to me. Her finger pulled away from me.
"She's licking her finger," Don told me.
Knowing what was going to happen, I pressed my face further down and lapped my tongue on Don's butt.
"She's fingering your ass," I heard Anna's voice a split second before she pressed her finger into my hole.
Don moaned as I did the same to him.
Putting his cock back in my mouth I bobbed my head up and down, fingering his ass in the same rhythm that Anna was finger fucking mine.
The sucking, fingering and (I found out later) a now topless Anna licking and sucking on her own nipples while she was fingering me, was too much for Don.
With a grunt and a few moans, his cock filled my mouth with cum. The first blast caught me by surprise and I ended up coughing a little.
I stuck with it though and swallowed every drop I could.
When he was finished cumming, I immediately turned, grabbed the back of Anna's head and pulled her towards me. She moaned into my mouth as my cum soaked tongue invaded hers. She pulled back a little, licked up the mess I'd drooled out from my chin and pressed her lips back against mine.
The car swerved a little as she pulled away from me, turned and kissed Ray. He seemed as surprised as I was with that move, but he also seemed to like it.
I was overheated. Not just my pussy but my whole body. I rolled down the window. The cool night air felt nice. When I took my dress off, it felt even nicer.
"Well if you're going to be naked, I'm getting naked too."
Anna had already taken her top off and in a flash, she tossed it and her patchwork skirt into the back seat. I set them on top of Don's discarded pants and my dress.
"Don, are you going to lose the shirt?" Anna asked. "Or are you planning on Porky Pigging it tonight?"
Don laughed and added his shirt to the clothes pile.
It was exciting to be almost completely nude (I still had Anna's panties on) in the car. I thought it was a little ironic that three of us were nude and "Mr. Nudist" Ray was stuck having to be fully dressed.
"Are you guys ready to head back to the house?" Ray asked.
"I thought we were," I replied.
"The house is only ten minutes from the restaurant. You guys were having so much fun, I've been driving around in circles."
"Yes driver, you make take us home now," I told him.
Slumping down in the back seat, I put my feet up. One was on the passenger seat and the other on the drivers, close enough to tease Ray's ears and cheek with my toes. I stretched a bit and was able to run my toes over his lips.
From what Anna had told me, over the years, about Ray's foot fetish and from what I experienced first hand...or rather first foot, when we were in the shower together, I knew he was loving the toe tease.
I had been concentrating on teasing him with my left foot so much that I'd completely forgotten about my right one.
I gasped in surprise as Anna's wet tongue licked at my toes. Ray followed suit and started licking the toes on my left foot. The whole foot fun thing was pretty new to me, but I was digging it. It all felt good as they sucked each toe, slipped their tongues between them and Anna lapped at my soles, but every once in a while they would hit a spot that seemed to have a direct nerve connection with my overheated pussy and make it throb.
Anna's panties were completely soaked by the time we pulled into the lake house driveway.
The parking area's relationship to the house presented a daring dilemma. It was about three hundred feet from whey we parked to the house. The parking area and the walkway were both very well lit. I wasn't worried about being seen by any neighbors, the property was tree lined enough to afford that privacy. But the parking area and walkway were fairly visible from the road.
I pondered what I would do and decided to just put on my flip flops and stay naked. As the car doors opened, I saw Anna and Don were on the same page.
I gathered up the disgarded clothes and went around the back of the car.
Ray was leaning against it, he already had his shirt off and was kissing Anna while she and Don ran their hands up and down Ray's stomach and chest. My pussy gushed when Anna reached around the back of Don's head and pulled him in, making it a three way kiss.
My eyes locked with Ray's as Anna and Don worked their way down his chest. We stared at each other, Anna and Don, sucking and biting his nipples and me standing by the car, my hand down a pair of his wifes panties, fingering myself.
Anna knelt in front of her husband and began working his pants off of him. I took her place beside him. He and I kissed as Anna pulled his pants down to his ankles. I moved my head towards Don and kissed him. Our tongues wrestled together as they danced over Ray's nipple.
I stood up straight again as Don pulled Ray and me in for another three way kiss.
For me it was hot to watch and even better to experience. If someone had so much as breathed on my pussy at that moment, I would have cum.
Watching the guys tongues rub together as they kissed was such a huge turn on. I'd seen it in bi and gay porn (Yes I love masturbating to gay porn.) and hadn't given it much thought. I'd always had my best orgasms watching them suck or fuck each other. But seeing it live was so kinky and taboo... I loved it.
I continued playing with Ray's nipples and kissing him while Don knelt down beside Anna. She took Ray's cock out of her mouth, turned and kissed my husband, then slid her lips over her husband's shaft. Taking her lips off of it, she offered it to Don. Don eagerly took Ray's cock down to the base, while Anna swiped her tongue over his balls.
The eroticism of the moment was overwhelming. I don't think I'd ever been so turned on in my life as I was watching my husband and my best friend servicing Ray's rock hard cock.
Anna and Don had Ray's cock between them, licking the shaft and head together, taking turns sliding it into their mouths.
Ray's hand was squeezing my panty clad butt while we kissed. Each squeeze tightened the material against my wet pussy making it tingle.
That tingle kept getting stronger with each squeeze. He worked his hand under the panties, making the pull on my pussy tighter. The wet silky material felt exquisite as my clit ground on it.
It was going to make me climax.
I was stuck in a 'no woman's land'. I desperately wanted that release, to feel those waves of pleasure course through my body. But the pent up tension that had been building in me, was one of the most intense sensations I'd ever felt. I didn't want to lose that just yet.
But I was so on the edge of a thunderous orgasm, I was having trouble holding it back. I needed to make a decision to either hold back or let go.
My decision was made for me as car passing by on the highway honked its horn. I knew with their proximity and the way the car was blocking us. All they could have seen was two people making out beside a car. I doubted they would have been able to tell I was topless and I knew, for sure, they wouldn't have been able to see the nude man and woman, sharing a hard cock in front of us.
So it wasn't much of a threat, but it was enough that the four of us decided it was time to move the orgy inside.
"It's was getting a little chilly out here anyway," Anna said in a mock pout. "As a matter of fact, I'm kind of cold right now and need to cover up. I'd like my panties back please."
Grabbing the waist band, I peeled the wet crotch of the panties from my pussy, pulled them down my legs and gently placed them in Anna's outstretched hand.
"Wow," she chuckled as she slid them up her legs. "You really soaked these."
"They weren't exactly dry when you gave them to me."
"Only because I knew you'd do this to them," she said, pulling me in for a kiss.
She took my hand and pressed it against her pussy, humping it as I pushed the material between her lips.
With the boys leading the way, or rather their hard cocks leading them, the four of us walked back to the house.
Once inside, Anna dashed to the bathroom. Ray dropped off our clothes in our respective rooms and Don went into the kitchen to make drinks. With nothing for me to do, I plopped down on the couch, spread my legs, closed my eyes and gently fingered my pussy.
"Don't you just look good enough to eat," Anna's voice startled me.
"Oh and what a tasty treat I am," I said, licking my juices off of my fingers.
"Mind if I have a taste?" Anna asked, leaning over and giving me a kiss.
Without waiting for an answer, she knelt between my spread legs and put her lips against my pussy. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensations coming from between my legs.
I felt her lips part and the tip of her tongue caress my over sensitive labia. I moaned as her tongue parted my lips and slid its way inside of me.
"Well, what do we have here?" Don asked as he entered the room with a tray of drinks.
"I am preparing to perform oral sex on your wife's vagina," Anna answered in a clinical tone. "Side effects may include tremor running through her body, uncontrollable convulsions and in some rare cases, flatulent outbursts".
Why had I told her about that?
Just to quickly bring you all up to speed. The first time Don made me climax, I let out the longest and loudest fart of my entire life. In my defense, it had been six months since anyone other than me, made me cum. Also, when it came to eating pussy, he was really fucking good and finally, we'd had pizza and beer for dinner that night.
I was duly mortified. Completely ready to get dressed, go home, never have sex with anyone ever again and spend the rest of my life alone.
Don, being Don, laughed about it. He reassured me that it was ego feeding for him. He figured that if he could make me cum so hard I lost body control like that, he was doing a good job.
"Well, good luck with that," he replied handing me a drink then sitting down beside me on the couch. "Be careful."
It felt wonderfully decadent sipping a cocktail as a beautiful woman was licking, biting and teasing my pussy with her wonderfully talented tongue, while my husband watched. For the hundredth time in the last few days, I was in heaven.
Ray finally joined us. He had to pee and it took a while for his hard on to fade enough to do it.
He sipped his drink for a few minutes, slowly stroking Don's cock before moving to the floor between Don's legs.
I moaned watching Don's cock disappear into Ray's mouth. Anna's tongue danced over my clit. Ray licked and sucked on Don's balls. Anna plunged a finger in my pussy. Ray rubbed the head of Don's cock on his lips. Anna sucked my clit in her mouth....
I exploded.
Holding her head with both hands I pulled her face into my pussy with all the strength I had. My clit throbbed, my pussy clenched her finger and I let out a moan that came from the deepest reaches of my soul.
Don and Ray stopped what they were doing to watch me cum, laying there, a sweaty limp noodle with my eyes closed, I felt Don get up from the couch.
"Stop for a second," I assume he was talking to Ray. "I need to get something."
Anna was running a hand over my body. Her finger tips were stroking my tummy, caressing my boobs and touching my legs. With my eyes still closed, I heard her kissing Ray. They were wet, noisy kisses. I wanted one too, from either of them, but I was too wiped out to even ask, much less pull myself up for one.
"Are you sure?" I heard Ray question.
"Oh yeah," Don answered.
Curiosity over road my post orgasm coma and with a huge effort, I opened my eyes to see Ray with a blue tube in his hand, squeezing some of the content into his other.
I knew that tube! It was mine!....Well mine and Don's, but I brought it. It was the lube we used for anal sex. We used it a lot. Both when Don fucked me and when I wore my purple strap on and pegged him.
It's safe to say, I was re-energized.
I sat up while Anna took a seat beside me. We watched as Ray coated his cock with the lube. The remainder, he rubbed on Don's butt. Don was on his back, legs spread and knees up to his chest, his favorite position when I drove my fake cock into him.
Ray had one, then two digits inside my husband, slowly moving in and out.
Anna was sitting between my legs, her back pressed against my boobs as we watched the scene unfold in front of us. My hands found her boobs, lightly squeezing them, roughly pinching her nipples as I kissed and licked her neck. I let one hand travel down her tummy to her hairy pussy. Her body shivered as I rubbed tiny circles on her clit.
"Stop," she said, pulling my hand away. "You're going to make me cum and I don't want to...yet."
Fair enough.
Ray moved his cock towards Don. He pressed the head against Don's ass and slowly rolled it around the hole, giving Don a chance to get used to it. Millimeter by millimeter the head slowly penetrated my husband. Not rushing one bit.
I liked that. He was being careful, not to cause pain. I made the mental promise that if Ray went about it like that, he could have my butthole anytime he wanted.
Ray had most of his cock inside Don. With an agonizing slow pace, he gently moved it in and out.
"I'm not made of glass," Don said, looking at Anna as he used one of her favorite fuck phrases.
With that, Ray picked up the pace.
I continued running my hands over Anna's body as we watched.
With our bodies pressed together our combined heat had us both sweating. My nipples pressed against her back, my mouth licking and kissing her neck and ears. Her body shivered as my finger tips grazed her ribcage, before settling back with her boobs in my hands.
The boys were really going at it now. I knew from experience when we played with the strap on that Don liked it hard and deep and Ray was doing just that.
Don's cock, had gone soft in the beginning, but as they found their pace it was starting to stiffen.
"God this is so fucking hot," Anna murmured.
Don's cock kept getting harder and harder. It was so sexy watching it bounce against his stomach. I wanted to play with my clit, but both of my hands were full of Anna boob and her butt was pressing against my pussy.
"I want to suck his cock," Anna whispered, trying to pull away from me.
Knowing what was about to happen, I pulled her back against my body.
"Wait for it," I breathed in her ear.
The head of Don's cock started to swell, he groaned as jets of cum sprayed his stomach and chest.
"Holy shit," Anna exclaimed. "That's so hot!"
"Happens every time," I told her.
Moving away from me, she got on all fours beside Don and started lapping at the pool of on his chest. Scooping some with her tongue, she turned and kissed me. Leaning over again, she scooped some more and kissed Don. Anna went for a third time and Ray got his turn.
"Oh yes," she hissed as I put my face up to her butt and slid my tongue inside her.
My licking back and forth from her clit to her ass had her moaning as she smothered Don's face with her big boobs, his licking and biting her nipples was more than she could take.
"I'm cumming!" she announced.
Her pussy rocked against my face as she screamed through her climax. Her moans triggered Ray. With a grunt and a thrust, he came inside of Don.
"Poor baby, you didn't get your dessert yet," Anna teased, twirling her panties on her finger, while the boys were in the back of the house washing off.
"I want to watch what you do with them."
She handed the still damp panties to me. I immediately held them up to my nose and inhaled Anna's and my combined scents.
God they smelled good. I don't know if it was the closeness I felt towards Anna, or if her personal aroma really did something special to me, but for years her hamper was always my favorite to raid. It felt wonderfully nasty to be playing with them in front of her.
I rubbed them against my bald pussy, up my tummy and over my tits, making sure the wet crotch rubbed against my nipples. I moved them back down between my legs, fingering my clit through them while I raised my boob to my mouth with the other hand. Our eyes locked as my tongue darted out and teased my rock hard nipple. Biting down, I held it between my teeth before taking my hand away and letting the weight of my breast pull it from between them.
As much as I wanted to rub my pussy to a screaming orgasm, I was enjoying Anna watching me too much to push myself over that edge.
Prior to our little vacation, the only person who'd seen me touching myself was Don. I'd always had fantasies about being caught with my pants down, as it were. I would think about getting caught after work that I would sit in the car and get myself off before leaving the parking garage or working weekends at my office, taking off my pants and panties, putting my feet up on my desk and rubbing away with the door wide open. Almost daring someone...anyone, to walk by and see me.
Those thoughts always made me hot. Masturbating in front of Anna wasn't exactly the same as having a stranger catch me being intimate with myself, but it was pretty thrilling none the less.
Reaching out with my foot, I ran my toes up and down Anna's thigh. Eventually my foot ended up resting on her pussy. My toes toyed with her pubic hair. It was so soft and silky. All the hair on Anna's body reminded me of rabbit fur. Not as dense, but definitely as soft.
It felt good under my toes.
Anna started rocking her hips, so the ball of my foot would graze her clit.
I moved the panties close to my face and inhaled again. Our combined scent was intoxicating and erotic. I made a show of running my tongue up and down the wet crotch...The Anna/Nancy pussy combo tasted pretty great too.
"Thanks for being understanding," I told her.
"Anything for you," she said as she leaned over to kiss me.
"Is this a private party or can anyone join in?" Ray asked, getting back from his shower.
"This is a solo act," I told him. "But you're more than welcome to watch."
I rubbed light circles around my clit as Ray grabbed his drink and sat down in one of the chairs, his eyes dancing back and forth between my hand on my pussy and my toes on his wife's.
His eyes got wide and his cock started to swell as I slipped my big toe into Anna's pussy.
'This is different', I told myself. But judging by the way Anna pushed forward on my toe and Ray's erection; I guessed no one had any complaints.
I "toe fucked" (look at me getting all down with the foot fetish lingo) Anna for a few minutes.
Ray started stroking his cock in appreciation.
"Oh my," I stated as I removed my toe from inside of her and raised my leg in the air. "My toes are such a sticky mess. Anna, be a dear and clean them off for me."
Without hesitation, Anna grabbed my foot and brought it to her mouth. Starting at my heel, she ran my foot across her tongue until my big toe was in her mouth. She made a show of licking and sucking on it like a small cock.
God it felt good. I was really loving this whole foot fetish thing.
I had to stop rubbing my pussy, I didn't want to cum just then.
"Wow," Don said as he came into the room. "That's pretty hot."
I beckoned him over with my finger.
Don knew what I wanted and stood in front of me. I quickly wrapped my lips around his cool, clean cock and sucked it hard into my mouth. I let his cool, clean and now saliva soaked cock slip from my lips.
"Mmmm," I purred. "Shower cock."
The gang was all here. It was show time. I pulled my foot away from Anna and sat with my legs spread. I felt open and exposed.
"I want you guys to watch me," I announced.
Giving the panties one last sniff, I set them aside. I slouched down on the couch and pulled my knees up to my chest. Reaching around my leg with my left hand, I slowly teased my anus with the tip of my middle finger, swirling around the edges. The fingers on my right hand were rubbing my clit in the same motions.
Once I felt my butt relax, I put my index and middle finger in my mouth to get them wet.
Gazing through half lidded eyes, I saw Ray running his finger tips over his hard cock. Don was about half hard, but stroking it and Anna was sitting with her legs spread, the soles of her feet together while she lightly pinched and pulled on her clit.
The three of them were getting off staring at me. I was on display. I felt downright slutty. I loved it!
Lying down wasn't going to cut it. I rolled around so I was on my knees, my chest on the couch and my ass facing the three of them.
My right hand went back to work on my pussy, rubbing my clit and finger fucking myself with two and sometimes three fingers.
I moaned as my index and middle finger plunged into my asshole. It hurt at first, but it felt right for the moment.
I was on the edge of climaxing. It was going to be good.
Slight tremors ran through my thighs, getting more intense by the second until my legs started shaking. I buried my fingers in my ass and held them there, concentrating strictly on my clit and the sensations that radiated from my pussy.
I was so close.
Just a few seconds longer...
My climax detonated in my body. My clit throbbed. My asshole clenched around my fingers and my legs shook uncontrollably. Pleasure kept coursing through my body in un ending waves. I thought it would never stop....Not that I wanted it to.
As explosive as that orgasm was, I wanted more.
Flopping on my back, I saw Anna between the boys, stroking Ray's hard cock in one hand and Don's in the other.
My husbands and my eyes locked.
"Don, put your cock in me now or I swear I'm going to find that valet and fuck him."