The train pulled into Toronto's Union Station on time, exactly three hours and fifty-nine minutes after leaving Montreal. It was a bit longer than a flight, but much cheaper and with more room to move around. The new Turbo seemed to be a success. The Lord Elgin was not too far from the station and my room was ready when I checked in. I went for supper and then back to my room for some reading and an early night to sleep. Early the next morning I was up and had breakfast and I took the subway to the science center. This was one of my major goals for this trip to Toronto, after having seen a television article about the science center.
At a little after eleven o'clock I was examining an exhibit along with a bunch of others when a pushing match broke out amongst some teens. There was a young lady standing beside me who got jostled and almost fell down. I grabbed a hold of one of the rowdy boys and stopped their pushing and made them apologize to the lady. Back then children had more respect for their elders, even if the age gap was not that great in my case. The teens moved off a bit contrite and the lady smiled and thanked me for the intervention. We started chatting about the exhibit and about the center. I found out that she was a couple of years older than I and was a student at a technical college. It was a little early but to beat the rush I suggested that we go for lunch.
This lady, now I knew her as Cindy, knew the city very well and she offered to show me around that afternoon. Well I agreed readily as she was such a lovely lady with long black hair, dark brown smiling eyes that were always full of life and a pesky little twinkle as well. She wore a white blouse and dark mini-skirt which showed her shapely legs.
We took the subway back down town and we walked through a couple of well known sections as she pointed the sights out to me. We were walking down Young Street when we stopped to watch a couple of buskers on the opposite side of the street duelling for attention. All of a sudden a blast of warm air hit us from behind and above our heads. And then a sexy women's voice asked us to come up and see us as we are taking it all off. The emphasis was on the all. I was astonished by this and turned to my new lady friend and asked what it was all about. She laughed and told me it was a strip club called 'Starvin Marvin's' or something to that effect. Well where I came from, I had never seen a real strip club. Back then there were a few topless bars, but all of the girls wore either bras or large pasties.
I guess the wonder showed on my face as she laughed and asked if I wanted to go up and check it out. I blushed and Cindy laughed even more and squeezed my arm, saying that she would like to go see herself, but needed for me to accompany her. So I agreed, with some trepidation and a lot of curiosity as we made our way up to the second floor. There was some music playing with lots of base and very erotic to boot. The large room was fairly dark except for the raised stage in the middle of the room. The stage was not very wide - maybe about five or six feet and about ten or twelve feet long. There were several rows of cinema type seats ranged around the empty stage which was about three feet off of the floor. I stopped to look around and Cindy grabbed my hand and led me to the front row seats right in front of a small flight of stairs. We were only about three feet from the stage. Looking around we noticed that there was another couple sitting on the opposite side of the room from us, but sitting up higher in the third row. Not another soul was in the place, which made me think that maybe this was not going to be a very good show.
A few minutes after we sat down a blonde blue eyed women dressed in a scarlet satin robe came over and asked if we wanted any thing to drink. She said that they were only allowed to serve beer and wine, but no hard liquor. And she added that we had to order at least popcorn or chips as a surrogate meal. She seemed to make it sound like it was almost obligatory so we ordered a beer and popcorn each. She came back in a few minutes and charged me twenty bucks, which for that time was very expensive. Cindy offered to pay her share but I refused, not wanting to seem like a cheapskate.
After a few more minutes the music changed tempo and the spot lights zeroed in on the same woman in the scarlet robe. An announcer named her as Sweet Louise or 'Lulu the leggy blonde'. She sauntered towards the center stage, moving to the beat of the music. She walked slowly around to the other side of the stage and did a slow pirouette in front of the other couple opening,then closing her robe as she did. Now there were at least two spot lights that followed her every step. Then she made her way to just in front of us and did another pirouette as she slowly opened her robe and shrugged out of it as it dropped to floor. She was completely dressed in a satin blouse and skirt of the same scarlet red as her robe. She had reddish nylons with a dark seam up the back of her very shapely legs. She wore red high heeled shoes that helped to accentuate her shapely legs.
She faced the stairs to the stage and turned her head towards us and smiled, then winked. She slowly bent over in front of us and picked up her robe. As she bent over, her mini-skirt rose so far up that we could see the tops of her nylons and the clasps of the garter belt that held them in place. The spot lights sure did their job as they illuminated her lithe body clothed all in red satin. She then climbed the stairs and threw her robe on a long velvet covered box as she started to strut around the perimeter of the stage, moving and grooving to the erotic music. She made most of her gyrations either in front of the other couple or in front of us. As there were only we two couples, she started to move from the far side and then back to our side of the stage.
The tempo of the music changed again as she started to run her hands up and down her body, very lightly at first, and as the music became more insistent, so did her hand movements as she rubbed her well endowed breasts and then down her flat stomach and then around to her well rounded behind. She then turned to the other couple and we could see that she was starting to unbutton her blouse. She pulled it out of her skirt and flashed them by opening both panels of her blouse to their searching eyes. She then turned and walked to the top of the stairs in front of us and at first rubbed her breasts through her blouse and then she opened it up completely to show us her scarlet red satin bra. She then moved the blouse back off of her shoulders accentuating her satin covered breasts. She shrugged out of the blouse, letting it slide to the floor.
Louise turned around slowly and languidly bent over to pick up her blouse with one hand while she ran the other one caressed her behind. She pulled her skirt up a little more and we could plainly see her scarlet red satin panties. As she had done before, she turned her head towards us, smiled and then winked at us. I had to take a swallow of beer as I must have been hyper ventilating, not to mention that the feelings in my groin were starting to make me feel a bit uncomfortable. She then slowly straightened up and walked to the velvet covered box and threw her blouse on it.
Again the tempo of the music changed and the stripper changed her routine as she slowly slid her hands up and down her sides and sliding them over her wonderfully rounded bottom. She sauntered back and forth, between our side of the stage and the other. She stopped on the opposite side and did a few moves with her hips as if she was playing with a hula hoop. Then she made her way to our side and stopped at the top of the stairs, right in front of us. She did the undulating movement as she caressed her satin bra covered breasts. I had to take another swig of beer as I watched her squeeze her luscious breasts. Cindy whispered to me, asking if Lulu was making me thirsty. I guess that I had been licking my lips and maybe clearing my throat at the same time. I suddenly realized that Cindy was holding on to my arm, and that I could feel her breast rubbing against my bare arm. I was now very aware that my penis was starting to react to seeing Lulu caress her breasts and the feel of Cindy's left breast.
Louise slowly unzipped her skirt and wiggled as she was trying to move it off of her hips. Then she unzipped it completely and held in front of her like a cape of a toreador in front of a bull. She let it slide down her legs to show us the top of her scarlet satin panties. The light was such that we could see that she wore her garter belt under her panties, which seemed strange to me at the time, but I understood why later on. She turned away from us but held her outspread skirt in such away as to cover her behind with it. Then she turned her head to us, smiled her beautifully sensuous smile and her lascivious wink, as she slowly lowered her scarlet satin skirt to reveal her beautiful behind tightly encased in scarlet satin panties. She then bent over and drew her satin skirt between her lovely legs, rubbing it up and down her inner thighs and then rubbing against her crotch, so very slowly. She straightened up and moved to the clothes box and deposited her skirt on the other items of clothing.
Louise started another routine as she traced a figure eight, between our side and the opposite side of the stage. As she slowly moved through her sort of dance she caressed her self, her bra covered breasts and her satin covered behind. Cindy whispered to me to take my eyes off of the stripper and look across the stage at the other couple. They were locked in an embrace, and we could clearly see the fellow's hand was in his partner's blouse which was open below her breasts. We could not see everything but from the movement of the girl's arm, it appeared that she was masturbating her guy right there. The stripper seemed to notice what was going on over there as she changed her routine to only include our side of the stage.
Louise stopped at the top of the stairs right in front of us and started to caress her bra covered breasts and then moved her hands down her flat stomach and then they slid between her legs to rub her pussy through her satin panties. She then went back to caressing her breasts smiling at us all the while. She reached behind herself and unhooked her bra, then slid one shoulder strap and then the other one down her arms, but still holding on to her bra cups covering her breasts. She looked at us and raised her eyebrows in a questioning way. Cindy whispered that the stripper wanted to know if we wanted to see her breasts. I tried to say yes, but the words got caught in my throat, so all I could do was nod and mouth the word please. She gave another gentle squeeze and caress to her breasts and then let the bra fall away, exposing her luscious breasts to us. My eyes must have opened like large saucers as I took in this glorious sight not more than four feet away. The spot lights showed every bit of her lovely breasts with the long nipples and the dark aureoles at their base. She smiled and leaned towards us and moved her torso back and forth as her big breasts swung freely right in front of us. I licked my lips several times and Cindy whispered to me whether or not I would like to suck those big breasts as the stripper cupped them and pulled on her long nipples. I turned slightly towards Cindy and said oh yes, rather loudly. I saw that Cindy too was licking her lips. I also noted that Cindy's blouse was now open to expose the top of her bra. I could now feel my penis twitching and expanding against my boxers and light summer slacks. I had to move a bit to ease the pressure and as I did I pushed closer to Cindy. She squeezed my arm and hugged me closer to her. I could feel that the nipple of her breast rubbing against me was now as hard as that of the stripper. I felt better knowing that I was not the only one who was getting sexually aroused.
Louise turned her back to us and then slowly pulled her panties down just enough to show the back of her garter belt. Then she pulled them up again as she bent over. Her panties covered almost all of her ass cheeks. As she pulled them up we could see that they were being drawn into the crack of her ass. She then ran her hands all over her satin covered behind with the fingers of one hand running deep inside her ass crack. She had as before turned her head to watch our reaction. I mouthed a wow as she lowered her panties again with her wonderful smile. Only this time she kept lowering them until they lay on the stage floor right at the top of the stairs. She lowered herself to her knees and bent as she showed her ass to us. She caressed her ass cheeks all the while watching our reactions. She grabbed her ass cheeks with both hands and pulled them apart. She smiled as she puckered her ass hole and then opened it and closed it several times. This time I said a wow out loud which made her smile even wider than before. She stood up and then turned around and took a step down from the stage, then another step down. She sat down on the edge of the stage still wearing her garter belt and nylons, and her red high heel shoes on the second to last step. The straps of her garter belt holding up her nylons accentuated her ass from behind and her neatly trimmed pussy from the front.
She was close enough and the lowered volume of the music that we could here her say that she hoped we were enjoying her show. We both nodded a very affirmative yes. She asked us if we liked her tits. Again an affirmation came from us as I licked my lips again. How about my ass, do you think it's too big. We both agreed that she had a very nice ass. Then she spread her legs and showed us her pussy which was well trimmed and looked well lubricated as well. With one hand holding and squeezing one of her breasts, her other hand went down to her pussy and started to stroke it slowly and softly. As she did this Cindy squeezed me even tighter and I couldn't stop from saying an Oh Fuck. I thought that I was going to cum in my pants right there and then watching this very sexy erotic woman playing with herself not three feet away and also feeling Cindy's breast spearing my bare arm with its hard nipple.
All of a sudden the music stopped completely, the spot lights went out and for several seconds we were in total darkness. Then the house lights came on slowly and our stripper, Louise was dressed in her robe and was picking up her bra and panties from the edge of the stage. She came down the stairs with a big smile on her face, her cheeks seemed a bit flushed. She asked if we had really enjoyed her show. I was afraid to move in order not to show my erection, but her eyes showed me she knew that I had one. She looked at Cindy and said to both of us that she hoped that she had gotten us in the right mood for the evening. We both laughed, I a bit self consciously, but Cindy with much more merriment. I finally threw caution to the wind and stood showing both women that I had a great erection in my slacks. I put my hand in my back pocket and pulled out a twenty and handed it to Louise. She opened her robe and asked me to slide it into her stocking top as she lifted her foot to the seat beside us. I bent down quickly on one knee and ever so slowly inserted the bill in to her stocking top. She told me to push it in further which I did. She opened her robe even wider and placed her hand just above her well trimmed mound. Then she pulled it upwards, exposing her pussy lips and her hooded clit to me. I could see that her lips were glistening with juice and the aroma of her pussy juice almost made me cum. I could not resist the temptation. I moved closer and kissed her hard glistening clit. She knew it was coming as she wrapped her robe around my head and drew me closer. I stuck my tongue out as far as it would go and licked her juicy pussy and then her clit. She jumped at the touch and then moved away trailing her silk robe from my head. I looked up at her as she formed an Oh with her mouth, smiled, winked.
Cindy took my arm again and was pressing herself to me. Louise thanked us again and we both said that we should be thanking her. Then she walked off to her dressing room. I turned to Cindy as her hand holding my arm slipped down to grasp my hand and she also rubbed the back of her hand up and down my erection. She whispered that that felt really nice and wondered where we should go from here. I was thinking that I must have had more than a few shot spots in my boxers and hoping that they didn't show through my slacks. But I came to my senses and offered to show her my hotel room. She squeezed my hand and rubbed my erection again as we made our way to the door and back into the bright sunshine of late afternoon.
Before opening the street door as an after thought I mentioned that I did not see the other couple when we were leaving. Cindy laughed and said that when the stripper took off her bra, the couple got up with the lady leading the man by the hand. They had headed for the ladies wash room on the far side of the bar. For all she knew they were probably still going at each other in the women's restroom. We both shared a laugh at that. I put my arm around Cindy and gave her a big hug. Her hand was stuck between our bodies and she rubbed my crotch as my free hand went to fondle her breast. And then we kissed. Cindy said she liked the taste of my lips, with a big wink. I was about to do some more when some guys opened the door and one shouted to get a room, whereby everybody laughed. It started to rain so we took a cab back to my hotel holding hands and chatting all the way, both thinking of what was to come.