Part 3: Choreography
As the limo drove Eddy to the set (he had a limo and driver now, as well as a personal assistant, a trailer on set, a $500/day per diem and all the other perks of co-starring in, what would turn out to be, a major movie blockbuster.) he tried to catch a quick nap.
After yesterday's meeting had abruptly, yet again, taken a quick turn into sexual humiliation and relentless cockteasing, Eddy hadn't slept well.
The cock-cage, a source of arousal and frustration, hadn't helped.
Mari's insistence on Eddy remaining totally celibate or suffer having his career ruined before it even started, had motivated him into dropping into a local dollar store to buy oven-mitts & duct tape in order to prevent himself from accidentally masturbating in his sleep.
Just as Eddy started to drift off, his new phone (provided by the studio of course) buzzed. It was his agent, Myra.
"Good morning Myra. What's up?"
Speaking with an energy that Eddy had never heard from her before, Myra said, "Hey, hey. This is really happening. This is a real movie!"
"Why does that surprise you?"
"No one really makes movies in Sierra Diabla, other than porn. Or softcore porn. Or any porn really."
Myra continued, "I figured this was just some kind of showbiz tax-laundering bullshit, but it's legit! I'm going to make lots of money from this!"
Eddy thought that last part was a weird thing for his agent/manager/publicist to say, but let it go and thought this would be a good time for Myra to stop talking.
But she didn't.
"I honestly didn't think you'd get the part and if you even did, you'd fuck it up somehow."
Why is she my agent again?Eddy wondered. Thinking at some point he'd have to weigh his loyalty to Myra against her actual competence, but that was a decision for another day.
"OK Myra, thanks for the pep talk" Eddy said and then hung up on her.
At the studio, Eddy met his new PA. It was the same PA with cute bangs that he had first met. When Mari had forced him to strip naked in front of the whole cast and crew, she had commented on his tan.
It was awkward for both of them and after some equally awkward small talk, showed Eddy to his new trailer.
Inside, Edith was laying out a variety of g-strings that Eddy would be wearing. Eddy was surprised to see her here this early.
This morning, Edith was dressed in a tie-dyed t shirt, suspenders, red short-shorts, white stockings and tap shoes the same color as her short shorts, which also matched her hair and glasses.
"Morning big boy, ready to shake that sexy booty of yours?" Edith exclaimed cheerfully.
"Sure." Eddy said and waited for her to leave so he could have some privacy. She didn't.
Looking directly at Edith, "Why are you here again?"
Taking on a tone of faux-professional, Edith said, "I have been personally instructed to assist you in all wardrobe matters, including that nice new cock-cage I made you." Changing her tone to something more mischievous, Edith smiled and said, "Speaking of which, how does it feel"
Eddy was keenly aware of his hard cock stretching the limits of its (his?) cage as well as the attached ball-spreader. Both were simultaneously infuriating and arousing and he was more than happy to have a break from them.
"It's OK." Eddy answered.
Turning around, Eddy got undressed, took off his cock cage and put on one of the g-strings, fully aware that Edith was watching him; staring at his ass.
Looking him over and smiling, Edith said, "Very nice, very nice. Just need to make a few adjustments..." and then began to run her hands over Eddy and his g-string, under the pretense of doing her job as, "head of wardrobe".
Eddy squirmed as Edith's fingers explored inside his g-string, brushing against his cock and making him hard. Eddy was about to tell her to knock it off, but stopped when Mari made her entrance.
Mari came strutting up, wearing a revealing and stylized one piece pink leotard, that displayed her cleavage and had a thong back, exposing the tanned cheeks of her tight and sexy ass. White leg-warmers and pink high-heels matching the same color as her leotard completed the ensemble.
From the darkness, high above in the scaffolding, a few stagehands whistled and made catcalls and in response, Mari playfully danced around and shook her ass.
It seemed like Mari was already in a good mood and that the attention of the stagehands had pushed it up a level.
And this made Eddy uneasy.
Mari said good morning to Edith and then turned her attention to Eddy. "Wow! Look at you!" Mari said as her eyes ran up and down Eddy's body, naked except for boots and a g-string.
Twirling her finger in the air, Mari said, "OK, sweetcheeks, now give us a little spin. Slowly. I want to see everything."
Eddy turned. Slowly, allowing Mari & Edith to ogle him at their leisure.
"Oh my God- so fucking hot! The ladies are just gonna eat you up!" Mari said.
Eddy didn't respond to this.
"OK bubbula, do you haveanykind of formal training in dance and/or choreography?"
Eddy thought about this and then said, "No."
Dancing had never really been a part of Eddy's life; when he'd gone to clubs, it was only to get laid and he'd never had to go through all the rigamorale to accomplish that, often leaving with a woman a few minutes after going in. Sometimes before the song that was playing even ended.
Mari looked mildly disappointed, but then shook it off and said, "Meh. Doesn't really matter; between the blocking and the editing, we can make you look like a dancer. You know, real "movie magic" shit."
Abruptly clapping her hands, Mari said, "OK, let's get started!"
Mari turned around, took on a dancing pose and said, "OK Eddy, I want you to watch me. Study my moves, but most of your attention should be on my ass. I want you to focus on my ass. My sexy, perfect and toned ass."
Mari did a dance move that was probably simple to her, but looked complicated to Eddy. Also, staring at her sexy, perfect and toned ass was getting to him; he was rock-hard now, stretching out his g-string and wondering how he was supposed to perform complex dance moves with a hard-on.
After watching and studying Mari's choreography (and ass), she had him perform the routine, walking around him and studying him from all angles.
Closely behind him, Mari said, "OK, pretty good, but move your hips like this..." as she put her hands on his upper thighs, moving him, her leotard-covered pussy grinding against his bare ass.
"OK, that's good enough, take five." and then pushed away from him, her fingertips grazing over the cheeks of his ass.
Eddy noticed that a lot of the crew were now present, many pretending to work but actually just watching his choreography session with Mari.
"Nice job big boy." Edith said, startling him as she pressed the ice pack against his groin, causing his erection to subside.
Looking him over, Mari ordered, "OK, that's enough Edith." and then suddenly yelled, "OK girls, let's oil him down!"
Two chicks with brightly-colored hair (one colored red, the other sky blue) wearing matching gold-colored latex bikinis and high heels of the same color walked in. Eddy recognized them as being the same two chicks from his audition who had provided him lube when Mari ordered him to jerk off in front of everyone.
Both women were mischievously smiling as they walked over, checking out Eddy in his g-string, The red-haired one gave him a wink.
The two ladies took their place standing on either side of Eddy (a little too closely as Eddy could feel their bare skin rubbing against his) and then one of them spoke directly to Mari.
Holding up a translucent yellow bottle, the blue-haired chick went into her spiel, "Good morning. This is our newest product, we call it 'Sunrise Bliss'. It is totally organic, does not stain fabrics and feels really good on---"
Mari interrupted and said, "Yeah, yeah, I really don't care - just oil him up. Completely."
Eddy interjected, "I can just do it myself."
Shaking her headNo, Mari said, "No." and then elaborated, "That's THEIR job, plus, it's sexier if they do it." Mari was smiling.
And with that, the two girls squirted the oil into their hands and then began to apply it to every inch of Eddy's exposed flesh, which was everywhere except the parts of him that were concealed by the g-string.
The red-haired spokesmodel in front of him, started rubbing the oil into his shaved chest and seemed to enjoy rubbing his nipples. Meanwhile, the blue-haired chick was kneeling next to him, rubbing oil into his lower left leg and slowly working her way up.
Once again, Eddy felt himself getting hard.
The blue-haied chick noticed was now working the oil into his upper left thigh, while the red-haired girl was now rubbing the oil into his stomach.
Looking up, Eddy noticed Mari and Edith watching him as the girls applied the oil to his near-naked body.
"OK girls, you're in charge. Have fun." Mari said and then she and Edith walked away, Edith going over wardrobe details with her.
Now, Eddy could feel "Blue-Hair" rubbing a liberal amount of oil on the inside of his upper thigh, her fingertips "accidentally" working inside the pouch of his g-string and making contact with his balls, while her red-haired counterpart was sliding her fingers "accidentally" into the front of his g-string and lightly touching the base of his shaft.
After a few agonizing minutes of this, "Blue-Hair" crawled behind Eddy and began to oil the cheeks of his ass which was completely exposed, except for the thin fabric of his g-string that covered his crack.
"Red-Hair" noticed this, playfully pouted and said, "I wanted to do his ass!"
"Blue-Hair" laughed and said, "I'll share it with you, you can have the right cheek." and then gave it a playful, light slap which sounded louder because of the oil.
Eddy was, once again, fully aroused, the front of his g-string stretched out as the two spokesmodels kneeling behind him, fondled, groped and caressed his ass as they rubbed oil on it.
Although he maintained a calm demeanor on the outside, Eddy felt his temper rising; because of his lack of sleep, he hadn't been in the best mood to begin with and the constant, non-stop sexual objectification, leering and touching from all of these thirsty, sexy bitches had gotten very tiresome, especially since he had to maintain a state of enforced celibacy and growing sexual frustration.
I REALLY need to cum!
That thought had and would continue to pop into his head and Eddy would dismiss the dangerous thought and just try to focus on his lines and the script, avoiding daydreaming, which could lead to fantasies...
Eddy's thoughts were interrupted and he jumped slightly as a finger ran up and down the crack of his ass, teasing it.
"Hey, easy!" Eddy yelled as he looked over his shoulder.
Kneeling and smiling, the Red-Haired spokesmodel said, "Hey, Mari said to make sure every inch of your body is covered in oil, so let us do our job!" and then gave Eddy's oiled ass a playful spank, which inspired her blue-haired counterpart to do the same, followed by the two giggling as they continued to play with his body.
Eddy had been pushed too far.
With a speed fueled by anger and lust, Eddy spun around, ripped off his g-string and grabbed Red-Hair by her red hair, pushing her down in front of him, staring at her beautiful ass.
Red Hair exclaimed in surprise as he tore her bikini off and entered her---
"Girls, sorry to interrupt your fun, but the boss needs big boy ASAP, so lets get a move on sweetcheeks and move those buttered buns onto the club set!"
Eddy's erotic daydream was thankfully interrupted by Edith's arrival.
Edith noticed Eddy's raging hard-on tenting the front of his g-string, laughed and said, "C'mon, let's go!"
"Hold on, let me get dress-" was all Eddy got out before Edith interrupted.
"No time big boy." and then looking him up and down, smiled and said, "Besides, you look quite ravishing as you are; it'd be a shame to cover up that body of yours."
As they walked through other corridors and open offices, Eddy felt self-conscious wearing only boots and a g-string and really wishing his erection would subside.
Edith said, "I know a shortcut through marketing" and led Eddy into a large spacious room, empty except for two women.
One was the dark-skinned, short-haired African-American lady who had been present during his audition.
Today she was wearing a tight-fitting, but fashionable gray suit and very red lipstick. Eddy would never actually be formally introduced to her and wouldn't find out her name was Grace until briefly chatting with her at the movie's premiere. Two years after that, she'd be running the studio.
Grace's attention went from Edith and quickly shifted into a demeanor of surprised delight upon noticing Eddy.
Smiling and walking towards Eddy, Grace said, "Well, well, well.Look. At. You." as she looked him over, up and down.
"I didn't know it was casual dress day today" Grace joked as her eyes went back and forth between Eddy's face and his g-string, which was still stretched out by his erection.
Eddy really wished that Edith had used one of her ice packs on his hard-on, before dragging him out in front of studio staff or, better yet, had brought him a robe to wear. Later on, Eddy would remember that he had a personal assistant and would ask her to make sure a robe was always available, only for Mari to veto the idea, stating that she wanted Eddy to feel the same vulnerability as the character he was playing. Basically, using method-acting bullshit as an excuse to keep his body exposed.
Eddy didn't know what to say and for, what seemed like an eternity to him, Grace cocked her head to the side and stared down at his erection, studying it. Watching him continue to grow.
Thankfully, the other woman in the room, short and slightly chubby, but attractive blonde lady in her late 40's came over to him. "Hi, unfortunately, I was out of town for your audition and I missed your, 'performance'." saying the word "performance" while making air quotes and then joining Grace in staring at his hard on.
Eddy smiled and maintained his composure, fighting the urge to cover his groin with his hands.Fucking A, I seriously need to cum!he thought, but said, "Nice to see you ladies, but Mari's waiting on us, right Edith?"
Acting as if she'd been the one to think of that, Edith said, "Yeppers, so let's get a move-on, sweetcheeks!" and gave his ass a slap.
Saying goodbye, Eddy was thinking that women on this lot were way too comfortable slapping, grabbing and caressing his ass.
Finally making it to the backstage area of the Club set, Eddy saw Mari, who looked impatient.
"Finally!" Mari said and then her demeanor changed. "You ready?" she asked Eddy.
Eddy could hear a lot of voices out in the main Club set. Feminine voices.
"Ready for what?" Eddy asked, but he'd already, to his dread, figured out what was going to happen.
Mari said excitedly, "To go out there and shake your thang for the ladies! We're going to do your male stripper scenes today!"
NEXT: Part 4. Male Stripper