Chapter 9
Dexter
Gently, he pushed on the door and saw that the door to his dad's bathroom was open. He felt his heart pounding in his chest and pressed a hand to it in a futile attempt to calm it down. Taking a deep breath, he stepped closer and peered in.
Jessie was sitting nude on the bathroom counter, talking quietly and laughing at something his dad was saying. Dex frowned in disappointment but was then struck by the realization that he was disappointed that his girlfriend wasn't cheating on him.
She turned, seeing him from the corner of her eye and waved. He waved back, then held a finger to his lips. She kept looking at him, no doubt wondering what he was up to. An idea had come to him, and he grinned. Gesturing to her, he pantomimed a few showering motions, rubbing under his arms and hair, then pointing at her, and then the shower.
She looked at him curiously and cocked her head. He pointed at her and then the shower and raised his arms questioningly. She looked at the shower, then over at and smirked as she shook her head.
He snapped his fingers in an exaggerated display of disappointment, and she giggled at him, raising her hands in confusion.
"Be right back," she said, glancing in Don's direction. Tiptoeing out, she came up to Dex and looked at him curiously. "Are you still drunk?"
He chuckled and shook his head. "I was asking if you'd taken a shower with him."
She sighed. "I know you were, Mr. Cryptic. I said no. Why?"
He shrugged, starting to feel a little silly about the whole thing. "No reason. Just woke up and heard you giggle and the shower running."
She grinned. "You thought I was misbehaving again?" she asked, grinning up at him as she scooted closer and looked up at him mischievously.
He looked down at her and grinned. "Well... I'm not trying to sound like I'm accusing you of anything, but... kind of," he said.
"Mmm," she replied, her hand sliding in his pants and finding the semi-erect cock there. "I think you must have woken up all horny and need a release."
"Maybe," he said, winking at her.
Biting her lip, she looked at him silently and continued to stroke his cock. After about twenty seconds, she grinned again.
"Do you think we need to go take care of it?"
He chuckled and shook his head. "I'm not trying to interrupt you helping my dad with... whatever you were doing, and I just want you to know that I trust you," he said. "I'm going to go and work out, and when I get back, we can fool around if you still want to."
She looked at him intently, as if she were trying to figure out if something was wrong with him.
"Are you sure you're okay?" she asked, squinting at him. "I really was being good. I made myself some breakfast and then your dad some as well. We got to talking and yeah... I guess we've been naked around each other, but it's not like that's a new thing."
He chuckled and nodded. "I'm okay, I promise. I just woke up... horny, like you said, and came to find you," he explained.
She kissed him and stepped back, seemingly satisfied with that explanation. "So, you don't mind if I go keep him company while you go work out?" she asked.
"Not at all," he said. "I'll be back in an hour or so and we can talk about last night if you like."
She grinned. "Deal," she said. "If you can do me a favor and think about how sexy I looked up there dancing for you and all those other horny men, I would appreciate it."
Dex laughed, then leaning in to kiss her again. "You've got it," he said. "I love you. Go finish... whatever that was," he said, gesturing to the bathroom.
"Listening to his jokes," she said flatly, smirking at him.
He laughed, leaned down and kissed her again, and then whispered, "I love you, even though you're a stripper now."
Giggling, she rolled her eyes and walked to the bathroom without a word, making him chuckle to himself. He quickly went to his room, got dressed, and left. As he drove, he thought about texting Alec and letting him know where he was going but didn't feel like opening that can of worms this morning. Erin would have stayed over, and he didn't want to be caught in the middle of anything if she'd told him about the other night or something.
Heading to the gym, he parked, hopped out, and went inside. After changing in the locker room, he tossed his bag in a locker and went out to start his solo work out. Just outside the locker room door, he paused and looked around, surprised at the lack of folks in the gym that morning. Briefly contemplating what he wanted to work on first, he went over to a treadmill and started it up, setting an easy pace and trying to forget about everything.
He'd found that something odd would happen when he ran or worked out. His mind would reach a serene calm, free from all the random thoughts that entered it on a constant basis, and he was able to think things through much more easily and focus on things better.
He thought about Jessie, probably cleaning naked or taunting his dad, and couldn't help but chuckle as he automatically pictured the two fucking in the kitchen again. He shook his head and cleared the thoughts away as he ran. He still wasn't 100% on board with the idea of sharing her and didn't want to get distracted with jealous suspicions. Taking a second to close his eyes and focus on his breathing, he opened them again when he heard something.
The front door had opened, and his focus was broken as noise from a stereo poured in. A man had been leaving the building and inadvertently allowed the blasting stereo to invade the relative quiet space of the gym. Dex sighed in irritation and looked to see what had caused the noise, and saw an expensive looking red car sports car out front, music blaring as a girl hopped out with a gym bag in her hand.
She was short but very fit, with red hair and the pale skin of a natural red head. Sitting behind the wheel was a tanned guy wearing sunglasses. He was looking at himself in the rearview mirror, adjusting his sunglasses. The woman walked around and leaned over, kissing him for a few seconds. Dex watched as he returned the kiss, then pushed her hands off the car and rubbed his arm where she had been propping herself up. She looked like she was apologizing as he waved at her dismissively and sped off.
Dexter rolled his eyes, refocused on what he was doing and kept running.
Images of Jessie on her knees in the shower filled his head, and though he grunted in arousal at the image, he forced it out, nonetheless. He was wishing that he had jerked off or fucked her before he'd left and sighed in an attempt to focus on the workout itself.
His attention was then drawn to what must have been the douche's wife, judging from the size of the rock on her finger that he could see from across the room. She walked to the front and checked in, then sauntered over to the women's locker room. A few minutes passed before she emerged, dressed in a tight set of shorts and sports bra. His legs burning, Dexter stopped and sat down to take some water and saw the redhead coming toward him. She nodded politely as she passed by, and he realized that he'd been staring, and forced himself to not turn around to see where she'd gone.
Wiping off the machine, he stood and went a short distance away, facing away to work on a couple of machines that he would not need a spotter with. Pushing his limits with some chest flyes, he forced himself to think about something else. His thoughts focused on his brother, stationed overseas.
Jack was older than him by four years and had always looked out for him. Growing up, Dex had never been picked on when Jack was around, as he'd always been a well-built guy. Being in the Marines had just made him that much more terrifying, but he truly was just a big teddy bear at heart.
He was two inches taller than Dex was, and about a hundred pounds heavier. When he came home to visit, Dex was always excited, but also kind of dreaded it as Jack loved to work out. He would make Dex work out with him, and basically running him into the ground.
Jack had had a few girlfriends over the years but had been dumped by the latest one a few months before Dex had met Jessie. She'd cheated on him and then told him about it. Jack was a resilient guy, though, and had bounced back seemingly quickly.
Dex and his brother weren't all that chatty with each other, and with his brother's position in the military, Dex wasn't all that concerned about his safety. Still, he talked with him when he called to speak to him and his dad.
He saw his brother's crooked grin in his mind and chuckled, thinking that he might need to email him or give him a call soon. Movement caught his eye then, and he saw the redhead come over and use a machine near him, pushing her arms in and then slowly letting the arms of the machine push them back. She was staring straight ahead, and Dex couldn't help but look at her ample chest, clad only in a sports bra.
He knew the rules of politeness though and looked away quickly. Girls didn't usually want to be ogled at the gym. Still, she wasn't making it easy to behave his damned self.
He finished another two sets looking at the ceiling, then took a break and got some water. He went to the free weights and picked up some dumbbells, assuming she wouldn't manage to interrupt him with her delightful tits bouncing in his eye-line.
After ten minutes or so of working out with them, he set the weights down and took another break, satisfied that she hadn't been weirdly stalking him or something. Going over to a leg machine, he started to do a few sets, then saw her take a seat at a machine in front of him again. Chuckling to himself, he wondered what game she was playing, and tried to ignore it. As he finished his set and sat down after wiping down the machine, he drank some more water and relaxed for a minute, catching his breath.
As he rested, she finished what she was doing and stood, wiped her machine off and looked over at him as she tossed the towel over her shoulder. Pulling her bangs away from her sweat slicked forehead, and cast a glance over at him, hesitating for a few seconds before she approached.
"Hi," she said. "I was wondering if you could do me a favor."
He looked up at her inquisitively. Undeniably gorgeous, even though her dark red hair was damp with sweat, the crimson locks accentuated her piercing, emerald green eyes and pale, freckled skin, and gave her the classical "redhead" type of look.
"What's that?" he asked, catching himself staring again.
"I've been wanting to do some sets on the bench press as well as some squats, but my jack-ass husband won't ever come work out with me. I have to rely on the kindness of strangers."
He chuckled. "Of course," he said. "Your choice," he said, waving her forward to the squat rack.
As she stepped in front of him, he took the opportunity to look at, and enjoy, her finely-toned ass, rippling sexily beneath the tight work-out shorts she was wearing.
He raised an eyebrow in appreciation, then saw that she was watching him in the mirror and snickered as he realized he'd been caught.
"Sorry," he said, blushing a bit.
"It's fine," she said. "It's part of the deal when you come work out. I'm just flattered you find some married broad attractive."
He chuckled, figuring that she wanted him to be a little flirty with her.
"Hot is hot," he said, "married or not."
She laughed, covering her face. "Oh my..." she said.
"Corny right?" he asked. "I hear that all the time."
"Totally... but in a good way, though," she assured him. "How about squats first?" she asked.
"Your choice, gym-girl," he said, shrugging.
"'Gym-girl'," she repeated as she nodded at him. "I like that. I'll have to come up with a name for you if this becomes a regular work-out thing."
He laughed. "Gotta keep it anonymous or it just gets weird."
"Totally," she agreed. "I can't really tell my husband that some cute guy was checking my ass out if I don't know his name, now can I?"
He chuckled, enjoying that she thought he was cute.
"That's the one," she said. "Cute-guy," she said with a wink.
"Ha, wow," Dex replied, sighing. "Cute-guy and Gym-girl sound like the lamest superheroes ever."
She laughed loudly at that and covered her mouth quickly.
"You first," she said, shaking her head. "I get to check out the goods now."
He chuckled and went about changing the weights on the bar. Stepping up, he got in position and readied himself.
"Nice dumper," she said, making him laugh. Shaking his head, he turned around.
"No making me laugh when I'm lifting, you'll make me sprain my ass or something," he joked.
She giggled, then made a zipping motion across her lips.
After a quick set, he took a break, then did one more. Once he finished, he switched out the weights and put on the ones she wanted.
"You're gonna have to show me how to do this," she said, looking over at him. "Don't be afraid, I won't bite."
He chuckled, shaking his head and stepping up close as she got underneath the bar. Giving her instructions, he moved to within a foot or so from her and pointed out where to hold the bar and how to start.
"'kay," she said, nodding at him. "Back up and ogle the butt," she said, even giving him a quick hip wiggle.
He laughed but conceded to move back a bit. He fought a chuckle, not wanting to point out that she didn't really need a spotter, but also aware that she was hot and flirting with him. So he wisely shut the hell up. Her ass looked incredible as she bent low, poking out, and then flexing as she stood back up. After ten reps, she set the bar down, breathing hard and rubbing at her left cheek and wincing.
"Pull something?" he asked.
She shook her head. "It's just not used to that kind of punishment," she said, then realized how that sounded and cackled out loud, covering her face. "I didn't mean it like that," she said, giggling a minute later.
"Mmmhmm," he said, looking down at her, disbelief in his expression. "No, no, I totally believe you."
"Okay, Cute-guy, be nice to the married lady," she said. "You're supposed to be making me feel sexy and desired."
He chuckled, shaking his head. "Get back to ogling your goodies, got it."
"Precisely," she said. "Can we just go do bench presses?" she asked. "I've done that before. I don't want toreallypull a butt muscle."
He nodded. "I'm not gonna do any though, you go ahead. I don't want to get crushed when those spindly arms drop the weight on my chest."
She cackled again, and he was glad that she had a good sense of humor. There was also something very exciting about how they weren't introducing themselves. He could handle being called "Cute-guy".
After she set her weight, she took a drink of water and caught her breath, then got into position on the bench. Dex got into his spot and stood close but not too close, then spotted her as she started to lift. She did two sets, then started a third and got into trouble. As he stepped up and grabbed the bar, her eyes went wide. He quickly realized that he'd stepped a little too close, and she'd seen up his shorts.
"Jesus Christ," she said, laughing and fighting to push the bar up while he scrambled to catch it and lift it off her. She rolled to her side on the bench as he put the bar back into place, clutching her stomach. He sighed, chuckling at her reaction.
"I did not expect that!" she said a minute later, catching her breath after she was finally able to stop giggling.
"You okay?" he asked, mildly embarrassed that she'd seen his dick.
"Are you?" she asked and looked down at his crotch. Apparently, it was accidental, and she cackled again, covering her face and saying, "I can't, I can't."
He chuckled a bit, then sighed in dismay, shaking his head. "Focus," he said, snapping his fingers.
She sat up straight and saluted, causing him to chuckle.
"It's probably best if we stop being so helpful to each other after that little revelation," she said, blushing.
"I'm sorry," he said. "I wasn't trying to..."
She shook her head. "No, I'm the one that's sorry," she cut him off. "I just... didn't expect that."
He chuckled. "Well, I'm glad I could help, but you're probably right. I don't want to get anyone in trouble, you or me. I don't do jealous husbands."
She giggled, nodding. "It's pretty obvious that mine is the jealous type, isn't it," she said. "But he's got money, so..." she shrugged.
"Well, Gym-Girl, it was fun," he said, standing and offering her a pleasant look. "I'm gonna finish up and head home to my girlfriend."
"Thanks for showing me a few things," she said playfully.
"Hah," he said, rolling his eyes. "It was an accident."
"Mmmhmm," she said, offering him a wink as she turned, heading for her water bottle.
Dex went back to the locker room and got his stuff together. He briefly thought about taking a shower, but decided he'd just do it at home. After throwing everything in his bag, he picked it up off the floor and left the locker room, phone and keys in his free hand.
Gym-Girl was heading into the girl's locker room when he emerged, and she stopped when she saw him.
"Thanks for the help," she said. "You gonna start to come on Saturdays?"
He was quiet for a moment, wondering how much of a good idea that was. "I could be persuaded to," he said after a few seconds, offering a wry grin.
She snickered, then reached for his phone and held it up. "Want my number to text me?" she asked. "Totally just for workout purposes, Cute-Guy. Definitely don't need any inappropriate pictures of anything."
As she finished, she slowly and deliberately looked down his chest to his crotch. He sighed in amusement, shaking his head, then typed his passcode in the phone. Gym-Girl took his phone and tapped a few times on it, then started to put in her contact info.
"There you go," she said.
He took it and saw that she'd called herself "Gym-Girl". He chuckled.
"Thanks," he said. "I'll let you know if I can be here next Saturday."
She waved. "Bye, Cute-Guy."
"Bye, Gym-Girl," he replied, walking past.
Unable to stop himself, he glanced back a few steps later and admired her ass as she went into the locker room. Blowing a stream of air out in a show of disbelief, he shook his head and went out to his truck. Once he started it up and was headed for home, he began wondering what his girlfriend had managed to get up to while he'd been away.
*****
Jessie
Earlier that morning...
Yawning, Jessie turned and saw Dexter sleeping with his mouth open, drooling into his pillow. She sighed happily, laying there quietly and enjoying the sensations she was feeling.
The cover felt nicely cool on her flesh, the satiny texture prickling her skin whenever she moved. The air was nice and cool in his room, giving her an excuse to bundle up and snuggle close to him. His bed was decently comfortable, enough for a good night of rest. All in all, it was a great setup that her boyfriend had, and she was glad that whoever had chosen it had such good taste.
Her tummy rumbled faintly as she lay there, and she felt some mild hunger pangs follow. Sighing, she slipped out of bed as silently as she could, then tiptoed out of the room and slowly shut the door, not bothering search for her clothes for fear of making noise.
Taking a pit stop in Dex's bathroom, she started doing her morning duties. After finishing, she hopped in the shower and washed up from the night before, happily thinking about all that had happened.
Jessie realized then, standing in the hot water of her boyfriend's shower, that she was happier than she'd ever been in her life. True, she hadn't had too much adversity, and she's always been generally happy, but this was still no contest.
Dexter was a wonderful boyfriend that doted on her every whim. He loved getting oral sex from her, which, for a girl like Jessie, was super-important. He was well-endowed, and while not having a big dick wasn't a deal breaker for her, it was an advantage when it came to sex.
Of course, the only other people that she'd had sex with were relatively comparable to Dexter, except for John. Don was just a large and thick, and her brother was no slouch either. Only John paled in comparison, but what he lacked in size, he made up for in other ways, so she really had no complaints at all.
She knew that she was a great girlfriend as well, though, and was proud of that fact. She was aware that most girlfriends weren't about to let their big-dicked boyfriend stray, let alone set him up to fuck people at her whims. Even fewer would be inclined to let him stray and not be allowed to herself, but she couldn't have been happier.
She grinned, realizing that she would marry him if he asked her to, even though they'd been dating for less than a year. She loved him so much, and they fit together so well. He wasn't nearly as jealous as her previous boyfriends had been, either. That was obviously a huge plus in her book. She had a feeling that they were going to be together for a long time, and whenever that thought crossed her mind, she couldn't contain her excitement.
Hopping out, she dried off quickly, then went to peek in on Dex again but heard him snoring before she even got the door open. Changing direction, she padded silently down the hall and poked her head in Don's room, but he was sleeping too.
Frowning that she had no one to entertain her, she went downstairs and poked around in the pantry and fridge for some fruit that she'd bought the other day. She set aside some for a bit of breakfast after starting a pot of coffee for Don.
Once the pot was ready, she poured him a cup and made him a plate of the remaining fruit. She intended on letting Dex sleep since they were going to a party that night, so she padded quietly past her boyfriend's room. After reaching Don's, she walked quietly over to his side of the bed.
Setting the plate down first, she moved the mug of coffee over to a coaster and set it down, but it made a little noise when she did so, and Don opened his eyes.
"Darn," she said, frowning at him. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you."
He chuckled, rubbing his eyes and looking at his alarm clock.
"Good morning," he said, sitting up.
"Good morning," she replied, handing him his coffee cup. "I figured you'd like a fresh cup."
He yawned and nodded. "That's perfect," he said. "Thank you."
She reached over and grabbed the plate, offering it to him. He took it with another nod and ate a couple of grapes.
"Can I get you anything else?" she asked.
He glanced up but shook his head. "No thanks. This is a first for me, breakfast in bed."
"Really?" she asked, giggling. "I'm sorry to hear that."
She stepped around to the other side of the bed and climbed up, sitting cross-legged as he chuckled, looking over.
"What?" she asked.
"Well, you're just so comfy being naked," he said. "I figured that I'd get used to it at some point, but..." he let the thought hang in the air, and she snickered.
"Well, I didn't want to wake up Dex while I was trying to find my clothes, and you've seen me naked lots of times," she pointed out.
He nodded. "I know. It's just... always a delight," he clarified with a wink.
She grinned, enjoying the conversation. Laying down on one arm, she looked up as they started to talk about the night before.
"I thought you looked spectacular up there," he said after she asked him what he thought about her strip tease. "Most of those other girls, and some of the dancers, didn't belong up here in the first place. It was pretty much no contest."
"Aww... that's sweet," she said. "I know you liked my lap dance too, though," she said confidently. "I felt your reaction. Plus, you obviously liked whatever Donna was doing to you while I was entertaining those other two. I could see your hard-on was still there when we got into the truck to head home."
He nodded. "Yeah, she's pretty forward about her sexual desires," he said, but then chuckled and shook his head. "I'm okay sweetie. I had a great night of sleep and might have had a dirty dream or two."
She grinned widely. "Dirty dreams," she said. "What were they about?"
He laughed but shook his head.
"No, not gonna tell me?" she asked.
"Hell no!" he said, chuckling. "I'm not instigating any 'accidents' between us."
She giggled, turning to lay on her back as she looked up at him. "So, I'm guessing you're all stinky and sticky from cumming in your dreams last night?" she asked.
He chuckled. "Not exactly, but I do need a shower."
She stood, going over to the bathroom, turning the light on, then leaning against the door frame. "I'd totally join you but, I already took one."
He smirked, rolling his eyes at her. Tossing the empty plate to the bed, he took another long pull on his coffee mug, then set it down and hopped out of bed. She grinned, delighted to see that he was nude. As he turned toward the bathroom near the end of the bed, he looked over to where she was standing against the wall and laughed, seeing her grin.
"Now, now," he said. "You're supposed to keep things normal between us, right?"
She frowned at him, but then giggled and nodded. "I know I am! I'm not gonna shower with you, silly" she said. "I'll just be in the room, watching you scrub those yummy muscles and that gorgeous cock. What's wrong with that?"
"Ha!" he replied, smirking as he stepped past her. "What's wrong with it is that I don't want to have another break down and fuck you through the wall again."
He'd stopped, looking down at her a few inches from where she stood, both of them very nude. She sighed, wanting nothing more than take his cock in her hand, then her mouth, and then maybe other places, but she forced herself to focus and be a good girl. Satisfying herself with just gripping his mostly flaccid cock, she sighed wistfully and turned, leading him forward with it.
"Well, we definitely can't have that, can we? No matter how fun it would be."
He chuckled as he was pulled into his bathroom by his dick. She stopped once they'd entered, letting go of it and hopping up on the counter as he stepped in the shower. He closed the curtain after stepping in, much to her dismay.
"Hey," she said, hopping down and yanking the curtain back. "Don't spoil the show for me!"
He smirked and looked back at her. "You're ridiculous, and you're going to get us in trouble." He didn't close it again, though, much to her delight.
She would have been happy to hop in and give Don an extra good washing, but she and Dex had made such great strides in their relationship lately that she really didn't want to push her luck. Still, the image of Don's older, but still very appealing form in the shower made her tingle with excitement. Dexter found them a few minutes later, as Don was telling her about something funny her boyfriend had done as a kid.
She'd initially been surprised by his odd behavior that morning. It seemed like he'd wanted her to have been naughty, or that he'd expected her to at least. She'd immediately known that he wasn't being mean, though, and figured it was just because he was horny himself and might have had some dirty dreams.
She was happy that he wanted to stay fit, though she would have preferred to have taken care of some of the obvious sexual energy he had before he left. Still, she figured that they could fool around when he got back, and Don was delightfully arousing that morning. She had several naughty thoughts that she just couldn't get out of her mind. Images of her in the shower with the incredibly good-looking older man were filling her head, and she sighed in mild irritation that she was forcing herself to be good. She could still be flirty, she supposed. Dex had always been okay with her doing that, she knew for a fact.
Grinning, she promised herself that she wouldn't let Don have sex with her. Well... not much sex. No more than five minutes maximum. Probably. Nodding at the image of herself in the mirror in a show of determination, she turned. Stepping over to the shower, she opened the door and stepped in, Don turning around in surprise and then laughing.
"I thought we were behaving?" he protested as he wiped soap from his face.
She shrugged, looking up at him as innocently as she could manage. "Dex went to work out... I'm horny... and you need a release," she said, making it sound much more direct and much dirtier than she'd intended.
But then, she giggled and slapped him on the chest playfully. "I'm just kidding! Gosh, Don!" she told him, animatedly rolling her eyes. "I decided that I wanted to tease you a little more and couldn't see your cock through the shower door good enough."
He rolled his eyes. "Uh huh," he said.
She grinned, stepping around him and into the stream of water. He sighed and rolled his eyes playfully, but she saw that he was in the process of grabbing some soap and pouring it on his hands to start washing her. She snickered and turned to face him.
"I didn't actually need washing, I was just feeling naughty," she admitted.
He smirked but started to rub her down despite her admission. His hands were strong, yet soft, and she sighed in appreciation as he combined a washing with a body rub and closed her eyes as he kneaded and pushed at her still-sleepy muscles.
"So, tell me your dream from last night," she said, sighing in pleasure as he massaged one of her arms up and down, the warm water only enhancing the experience for her.
He chuckled in response, but then she looked up at him, her eyes telling him that it wasn't a joke. "It's pretty kinky, I don't think I should."
"Oh, really? Then you have to!" she said.
He chuckled as she closed her eyes again, his hands still working slowly down her arm and finally to her hand. She moaned in pleasure as he kneaded the flesh, hard enough to cause tingles, yet soft enough not to be painful.
"It was just a dream," he said. "It's not really anything. You won't find it sexy. It was a dream about my little sister."
She thought for a second, trying to figure out a way to convince him to spill the beans, then a devious thought formed in her mind. "I know," she said. "I'll tell you one of my darkest secrets if you tell me about your dream."
He looked down at her curiously, thinking quietly for a few long moments, then nodded. "Deal... but you go first," he said, starting to work on her other arm.
She grinned. "Deal," she told him, then fell quiet for a minute or so while he kneaded and stroked the muscles down her arm. Sighing happily, she took a deep breath, then began her story.
"So, Dex and Donna, and my family all know about this, so it's not like some big family secret. When I was a senior in high school, I went to my brother to learn about dicks, and being the type of close-knit, affectionate family that we are, one thing led to another, and for a few months, I was learning how to give blowjobs on my older brother."
Don stopped and stared down at her in wide-eyed shock, causing her to wink confidently and look back up at him.
"Are you serious?" he asked.
She nodded. "Very," she confirmed. "He's the reason I just love sucking cock, and love swallowing cum!"
He was obviously stunned, but she saw the edges of his mouth curling upwards in approval, and knew he wasn't disgusted.
"Eventually, I got curious about sex, he helped me with my first time, but it was like... only a few seconds so we really didn't count it."
"Oh my... God..." he said. "That's so... wild!"
She giggled, shrugging. "We'd told our parents and they were fine with it as long as we were safe. We didn't tell them about the 8 seconds of sex, but the blowjobs were no big deal."
He seemed to be taking this in and the washing started anew, his hands moving up to her shoulders, and then her neck, pushing upward into her hair and massaging her scalp. She whimpered, her eyes rolling back in her head as he brought her to a new height of tingly pleasure. After a few seconds, she felt his hands move back to rubbing her shoulders, but then felt him grab more soap and start to wash under her armpits.
Looking up at him, she saw that he was still wearing a mildly shocked expression. She smirked, then glanced down and saw the massive erection he was sporting and reached out with a hand and tapped his cock on the head.
"He's got a fiancé now, though, so we don't really play all that often," she said. "At least I haven't since Dex and I got together, honestly."
Finally, her shower buddy shook his head, laughing and turning her around, his hands washing and scrubbing her back. "I've never heard of anything like that," he told her. "Holy shit!"
She frowned. "Don... are you going to be judgmental about this?" she asked, looking back over her shoulder.
He immediately shook his head. "No, no! Of course not! I mean.... I'm shocked, but in a very... very good way!"
She giggled and turned, extremely happy to hear that it wasn't something he was disgusted by or something like that.
"But... you said that you kept giving him blowjobs after your parents found out?" he asked.
She nodded, lowering her head as he pressed harder into shoulder muscles. "I did," she said with a shrug. "We both loved it and I knew I could trust him. I really, really loved doing it, and he was there whenever I wanted to play. Knowing me, you can probably guess that that was a lot! So... he's pretty much the sole source of my blowjob and cum addiction."
"So, you said his fiancé knows, and is okay with it?" he asked.
She nodded. "The first night that Dex met with my family was the night that he proposed to her, and we all went and talked about it at mom and dad's house afterward. The conversation about Jake and I came up, and his fiancé, Kayleigh, talked to Dex about it for a while, just making sure he was okay with it."
He reached over her head then and grabbed the removable shower head and began to rinse them off. She turned around for him, letting him get all of her. After another minute, he turned the water off and replaced the shower head in its holder.
Unable to help herself, she looked back down at his cock, still happily erect, though not fully, and looked up at him, a seductive expression on her face.
"Is that for me?" she asked, her tongue sticking from between her teeth.
"It's because of you, for sure," he clarified. "I'm still not convinced that my son would approve."
She giggled and sighed. "I think we're safe... as long as you don't pick me up and start fucking me through the wall here," she told him, patting the tile behind her. "Besides, you've got a dream or two to tell me about."
He chuckled, hopping out of the shower first and briefly toweling off. By the time she'd turned off the water and stepped out, he'd set the towel aside and reached over to help her out.
"Well, it was really just one big sex filled dream," he said, grabbing a towel and making a gesture for her to turn around.
"We were at the club, and you were dancing up on stage." As she turned, she felt him step up behind her, the towel pressing against her head as he started to rub her hair down with it.
"Instead of just flashing your body to the crowd, you were letting them go down on you. They were sticking their dicks in your mouth, among other places," he said, moving down to her shoulders and gently moving across her flesh.
"It was just a big, sex-filled mess. But then, in typical dream fashion, the scene shifted, and we were suddenly back here at the house." The towel, thoroughly damp, disappeared and another took its place. She saw him drop to his knees out of the corner of her eyes and felt him rubbing her legs gently, one after the other.
"I think it must have been Dex's birthday party again," he said. "I have to admit, that my sister, Susie, has always been cute." He lifted one foot, and then then other, rubbing the fresh towel across each and drying them off.
She didn't know if it was intentional, but the care and deliberateness of his actions was severely turning her on. Forcing herself to focus, she was quietly thankful when he stood and started to rub her arms down.
"It's okay to find your siblings attractive," she assured him. "I love my brother, but only as a brother. He's undoubtedly a good-looking guy and I have to admit that he's sexy when he's naked."
"Well, she's just... adorable," he said, gently pulling her around to face him. "She's married to a great guy and has kids, but I've always had a secret thing for her, I guess," he admitted. He looked at her directly and whispered, "Just don't tell anyone."
"Your secret is safe with me, Papa," she assured him. It wasn't really all that big of a deal in her opinion, anyway.
He held the towel out for her so she could dry the rest of her body, but she smiled sweetly at him and didn't move, eventually having to raise a single eyebrow at him to get him to start on her front. With a smirk, he ran the towel across her shoulders and caused her to grin when he moved the towel haphazardly across her breasts. It would have been almost comical if it hadn't been for his erection that he was taking great care to not poke her with.
"So, anyway, I'm dreaming about... having you... in the kitchen like before," he said.
"We're both adults, silly, you can say 'fucking,'" she said with a suggestive look up at him.
"You're ridiculous," he said, unable to hide his amusement. "You and I were... fucking... in the kitchen like before..."
She moaned slightly, closing her eyes as a wave of arousal coursed through her. "Mmmhmm, I remember," she said, grinning and looking up at him a few seconds later as he rolled his eyes and moved the towel to her stomach.
Standing a few seconds later, he handed her the towel and stepped back before continuing relating his dream. "When I picked you up and shoved you up against the wall, I wasn't apologetic like I was when it happened for real. I was just mean... to be honest. But you were into it," he said.
"Were you calling me dirty things, like slut or whore?" she asked, trying to provoke him a bit.
"Worse," he told her. "I was saying things like, I was fucking your dirty cunt and things like that," he said, wincing at her.
She giggled. "I keep my pussy nice and clean, I'll have you know," she said.
"But... then you were suddenly upset and crying, and I just... didn't stop. Then... you disappeared, and Susie was in your place, and I like... realized that I'd been fucking her the whole time. That's when I woke up. It was... weird."
She frowned, looking up at him softly as he paused, lost in thought.
"So... anyway, that was my dream," he told her, shaking himself from his reverie. "I woke up with a hard-on the size of the San Jacinto Monument, and had to bury it in the mattress," he said.
"Aww, Papa, you should have come and buried it in me," she protested.
She knew it was a very provocative thing to say, but she just couldn't pass up the setup he'd given her. He laughed loudly, shaking his head at her in amusement.
"So... wait, you haven't had any release at all?" she asked.
He shook his head. "I'm good though," he said, obviously trying to reassure her.
"You know, you could let me take care of that for you," she said. "I don't think you've ever had an actual blowjob from me."
He groaned, shaking his head. "I don't think that's a good idea," he said.
She grinned, reaching out and gripping his erection with both hands. "I don't really care," she said, looking up at him. "I'm a dirty cunt, remember?"
He groaned in mild protest, chuckling as she pulled him forward. Not really thinking about what she was doing, she started to fall to her knees, but before she could, he shook his head and lifted her back up. He chuckled at her frown and shook a finger at her. "We're behaving, remember?"
He stepped up and gave her a kiss on the forehead but continued past her out of the bathroom. She sighed, drying off quickly, and turned followed him. A devious thought coming to her mind, she quickly decided to use it to be a little naughty and get a reaction from him.
"Maybe I'll just go find a picture of your little sister and see if I can't make myself look like her," she said, impressed with herself as she stood at the bathroom door, leaning against it and trying to look sexy.
"Jesus," Don groaned, looking up from near his dresser. He shook his head and closed his eyes, steadying himself.
Seizing the moment, she came forward quickly and gripped his cock with both hands again. He moaned weakly, swaying forward as she squeezed on it. She wasn't stroking, or being soft with it though, only gripping it. Seeing the flesh in her hands, it almost looked painful, but he was clearly enjoying what she was doing. She raised both hands up as she gripped him, and fell to her knees in front of him, her eyes never leaving his. Opening her mouth, she leaned forward a bit, but stopped a few inches short and held still, her eyes still looking up at him seductively.
"Oh... my... God..." Don said as she released the death grip she had on his cock.
She knew that he wasn't saying it out of physical relief. The sight of her on her knees in front of him, practically begging for him to shove his cock in her throat, was no doubt highly erotic and massively exciting for him. He groaned, his hands coming up and moving to the sides of her head for a moment as her heart started to pound in excitement.
With a grunt, he shook his head and dropped his hands. Clearly struggling with behaving himself, he swayed forward a bit, then back, just out of reach as she snaked her tongue out.
"No," he said, finally backing up. "We shouldn't. I'm not going to go back on what I told my son. I'll be okay."
As he spoke, he reached down and pulled her to her feet. She frowned, obviously disappointed that she hadn't been able to misbehave, but was happy that they'd had fun, nonetheless.
"I'm sorry, Papa," she said. "I just wanted to make sure you're okay. Dex went to work out and I figured that you might need release."
He shrugged and nodded. "I do, and I know that he says he's okay with it. I just don't want to be a possible cause of a fight, okay?"
"I know," she said. "Just let me know if you want to jerk off watching me play with myself or something today, okay?"
He chuckled, then went to get dressed. She stood, slightly disappointed, and left the room. Heading down the stairs, she was surprised to find that Dex hadn't gotten home yet.
Pulling on her clothes, she relaxed downstairs by cleaning a bit while she waited for him to get back. She didn't have to wait long, though, and about ten minutes later she heard him pull in. He came inside and laughed as he saw her run toward him and caught her as she leapt into his arms.
He kissed her fiercely, squeezing her tight, then started to carry her toward the stairs as she giggled.
"Are you still horny?" he asked.
"Very," she assured him.
Grinning, he looked down at her. "I met a nice married woman at the gym, and she was flirting with me a bit," he said.
She giggled as she slid to the ground, then pulled him toward the stairs. "Mmm, did you?" she asked.
He nodded, a cheeky grin on his face.
"I'm insanely jealous," she joked, giggling at him. "Why didn't you bring her home so that we could just ruin her for her husband?
He groaned, gripping her arms tightly and pulling her toward him.
"God... I want you... right here," he grunted.
A delightfully naughty plan formed in her mind then, and she looked up at him wickedly.
"How would my boyfriend like to fuck me the same way his dad did?" she asked, silently hoping that she didn't misjudge his appeal for something like that.
His looked down at her, a single eyebrow raised.
"You're sooo fucking sexy..." he said deeply, his tone making her pussy moisten her panties even more.
"Take your clothes off," she ordered.
He immediately started doing just that as she did the same. Stepping up to him, she couldn't help herself and immediately knelt and took his cock into her mouth, moaning in relief as she felt the warmth of his flesh where it truly belonged. She spent a couple of minutes on her knees, unable to contain her appetite for the act, partly because she loved it, but partly because she'd been so aroused by Don and had wanted to do this very thing for him.
"Tell me happened," he ordered, swaying back as she slid her lips along his shaft again and again.
She pulled his cock out and looked up, then stood. "The day of the party?" she asked, drawing a nod. She saw the desire to hear the story in his expression and delighted in prolonging telling it. Finally, she winked and looked innocently up at him.
"Well, Don was tending to a pesky little ant bite right on the inside of my thigh," she said, stroking his cock with one hand.
"Did you see him looking at your pussy?" he asked, groaning in appreciation as she stroked him, her grip fiercely strong.
"I did. But, at first, he was all business, doctoring my bite and being so sweet and caring. Me being who I am, didn't think about flashing him my pussy. But then he suddenly stood up straight and I saw his massive erection," she whispered. "He was making these lusty grunts and staring hard at my pussy, and I think he might have even been gripping himself. My pussy was soaked from seeing all those yummy cocks and sexy girls walking around naked, and I was practically oozing onto the counter."
Dex groaned, closing his eyes and shaking his head, then opening them again after a few seconds. Looking over, he pointed questioningly at a spot on the counter and she shook her head.
"I was sitting here," she said, moving over to the spot she'd been in when Don had taken her that first time, then hopping up on to it and assuming the position that she'd been in before.
"God... no wonder he couldn't fucking take it," he said, groaning as she put her feet up in the same way she had before.
"He was staring at my pussy like he wanted to devour it," she told him, reaching down and gently rubbing herself for him. "Then it just happened so quickly! I was so shocked and turned on when he grabbed me and just... shoved his cock in me," she said, talking slowly and staring at him provocatively.
Dex obviously couldn't take it anymore, and groaned, stepping up as she whimpered in anticipation. In one swift motion he grabbed her in much the same way that Don had and slid his cock completely inside. She cried out in surprise, clutching at him as he held her there, locked in his arms as his cock slid into her.
Stepping back, her held her there for a few seconds, grunting in approval as she whimpered in response, then turned, still holding her. He moved over to the wall that Don had fucked her up against, and she whimpered loudly.
"Oh fuck... you're going to fuck me just like Papa did?" she asked, hoping that Dexter wanted to hear that.
He groaned, practically slamming her up against the wall and ramming his cock hard up into her. She whimpered, nodding and pulling at his hair. He snarled and kissed her hard, fucking her back up against the wall, grunting with effort.
She whimpered, nodding and clutching at him. "That's it, baby. Keep fucking me. Punish me!"
"Such a... fucking... slut," he grunted, holding her tight.
"I'm such a bad girl, baby," she agreed, his cock hammering again and again into her.
She felt her pussy spasm a bit and she thought back to the first time. Don had seemed so upset by it all. She had an image of the two of them in the kitchen, as if she were standing were Erin had been. Don had his hand on her throat and was pressing hard.
She shook her head, sensing something wrong with the memory, and winced as the Don in her mind slapped her, then started to squeeze his hand on her throat. Realizing that tears were forming, she tried to force the dark thoughts from her mind. An image that terrified her flashed into her mind in that moment. She was screaming silently, Don's hand around her throat and squeezing fiercely. He was completely inside her, but the look on his face was... malicious. The vision seemed to switch back to them fucking like normal again, but it still felt wrong. She kept begging him to stop, and whimpered in protest, still feeling Dex thrusting into her in the real world.
The vision continued, and she heard the image of herself begging him to stop, but he just kept going. Why wasn't he listening? Why wasn't he stopping?
"STOP IT!"she screamed.
The piercing sound of her own voice shattered the image in her mind, and she opened her eyes in surprise, seeing Dex looking at her in shock and fear. She realized that he'd pulled out and set her on the ground and was standing at least a foot away.
"What... what happened?" she asked, looking around and then at Dex. He looked scared.
"You just screamed for me to stop," he said, his hands up defensively, palms out. "Are you... did I hurt you?"
"Oh... baby... no!" she said. "No... no... no..."
She wiped her eyes, shaking her head and quietly wondering what the hell just happened.
"Sweetie are you okay?" he asked, kneeling beside her.
She nodded, wiping her face again. He reached down and took her hand, and she let him help her up.
"Come on, let's go to my room and we can talk," he said.
Sniffling, she let him lead her to his room, and she was surprised that Don hadn't come to check on the noise, but then figured he might not have heard. She went and sat on the bed; her face was downcast as he shut the door.
"I'm sorry for ruining the fun," she said, sniffling.
"Jessie, what happened," he said, kneeling in front of her.
She sighed, shrugging. "I'm not sure. I was having fun, and then I had another... dream... I guess, like the one before."
He sighed, brushing a hair from her face. "I'm sorry," he said.
She shook her head. "You don't need to be sorry. I don't know why this keeps happening."
He nodded and continued to kneel as silence descended on the two. A few minutes later, they were lying in bed, her nuzzled against him, his arm around her protectively.
"Can I ask you something?" he whispered, drawing her soft gaze up to him.
She nodded.
"When... you think of what happened between you and my dad... is it scary... or is it... I don't know, something else?"
She sighed. "At first, I could think about it and feel the excitement of what happened. I guess it would be like you thinking about the first time you had Donna."
He nodded.
"But now... I'm not sure. I just keep seeing this angry man... raping me up against a wall... and I hate even saying that, because that'snotwhat happened."
He nodded again, brushing a hair from her face.
"It might not have been something I planned, but... I was... I was okay with it when it was happening, you know?"
He gave her a caring look and nodded. "I do."
"Does that make you upset?"
He shook his head. "No, because we talked about it and we're past it. I guess the question is... does it bother you now?"
She sighed. "Honestly... I don't think so. I don't know what caused it to happen again. I mean... I can close my eyes and picture it, and it makes me happy," she said, closing her eyes and demonstrating.
"Maybe it's just a heat of the moment type of thing. I know my own brain can conjure up some weird thoughts in the heat of the moment. I'm sure it's okay. As long as you're really okay with what happened between you and my dad, I'm sure you're fine."
She kissed him and nuzzled his cheek. "You're the best," she said. "I'm sorry I spoiled our fun."
He chuckled, shaking his head. "I'm sure we'll have fun again," he told her.
She giggled, and the two fell silent for a bit.
"So, Erin mentioned that Lacey invited you and I, and Donna and John, out to a barbecue at her folks house," she said, suddenly turning over and looking at him, her head propped up on her arm.
"Oh yeah?" he asked. "That sounds fun."
"I think so too. I hope it is, at least. We can always leave and come back here or my place and fuck."
He nodded. "You want to go and shower or something?" he asked. "Nap maybe?"
"Mmm, I better get cleaned up and go home. I've got to think about what I'll be wearing."
"Might want to ask Erin for details," he said. "Let me know if it's something special."
She nodded and leaned in to kiss him before they both stood and started to get dressed.
After they finished, she took a second to say goodbye to Don, who looked up and waved cheerfully at her. It was obvious that he hadn't heard her yell.
A few minutes later, while they were driving back to her apartment, Dex turned and looked at her.
"You know, you might go and apply to be a waitress at that restaurant we ate at with Vicky and Eric that first time," he said.
She looked over. "The one with the waitresses in the skimpy little outfits?" she asked.
"That's the one," he said, confirming her guess. "You'd love that, wouldn't you?"
"Being a waitress?" she asked, not fully understanding.
"The skimpy clothes, goofy," he said, looking at her flatly.
She giggled when she realized what he was getting at.
"That's true!" she said excitedly. "Plus, I've heard that they make pretty good money there, and I'd get to have fun being an exhibitionist for all the people ogling my goodies, and then come home and fuck my boyfriend because I've been thinking about sex all day!"
He chuckled. "Yeah, that was my train of thought too."
"I bet I'll have time tomorrow to apply!" she said.
A few minutes later, he pulled in to the complex and into a spare spot. After a quick kiss on the lips, she hopped out and went inside, waving back as he pulled out.
Once inside, she saw that Donna and John were out and was a little disappointed. She'd been wanting to see if they'd enjoyed themselves the night before and talk about what had happened that morning. Donna was perfectly positioned to have a unique perspective, not to mention that she also had no trouble being honest.
She went and stripped down, then climbed in bed for a nap. She wasn't too tired but knew that she and Dex would be up late that night, and she was at least a little worn out from her exertions the night before. Despite not feeling all that tired, sleep came quickly.
**
A couple of hours later, she awoke and looked at the clock. Surprised that she had slept as long as she had, she went and made herself a snack, then went about cleaning up the apartment and doing some laundry. That evening, she took the opportunity to shave her legs and everything else below her waist, save for the little tuft of pubic hair she preferred to keep.
After hopping out of the shower, she texted Erin about where the party was and what to expect, then dressed to match what she'd been told. For clothes, she chose of her sexy little black dresses that would give Dex easy access if he wanted to get frisky in some dark corner at the party. It was nicely dangerous looking, and the top had spaghetti straps and was low-cut enough that accentuated her cleavage. It was designed to be worn without a bra, and she realized that it would show off her "Sex Toy" tattoo. A flash of the look on his face when he saw what she was wearing flashed into her head, and she was certain that he would love it. She still felt bad for not letting him cum earlier and freaking out on him like she had. Since then, she'd been determined to show him a good time that evening.
After getting completely dressed, she heard her roommates come in through the front door, talking easily with each other.
"Hey guys," she said, coming out of her room.
"Damn," Donna said, walking toward her. The brunette paused a foot away, a mildly shocked expression clear on her face. "Are you trying to look like pure sex?"
Jessie winked at her, then shrugged as she looked at John. He'd shut the door and was walking over, grinning like an idiot. He couldn't even make a smart-ass remark he was so taken with her, and she felt a surge of excitement as she saw the unmistakable hunger for her in his eyes.
"That's the effect I was going for, yeah," she said, forcing herself to focus.
Donna unsurprisingly kissed her on the lips, but Jessie giggled and pushed her back a step, shaking her head and quickly putting a stop to any shenanigans.
"How would y'all want to go to a barbecue with Erin and Alec tonight?" she asked, letting Donna content herself with exposing a nipple and leaning down to suck on it softly, her tongue warm and soft.
John nodded and stepped up as Donna stood up straight and looked back at him. He shrugged, still mainly focused on Jessie. Donna turned back a second later.
"We're in," she said. "What time and where?"
"I don't know yet, but I'll text you the address, but you guys should go ahead and get ready now. I'm heading over to Dex's and I'll send it to you when Erin gives it to me."
"Okay," Donna said. "That should give me enough time to get slutty."
"Wonderful," Jessie said, kissing her best friend again.
John seemed to have recovered his wits and winked as he stepped up, pulling Donna back and admiring Jessie's dress. He whistled, and she smirked as he stepped up and kissed her softly on the lips, eliciting an excited little whimper from her.
Snickering, she looked up at him. "Hey handsome," she said, tracing a finger along his chest. "Like what I've got on?"
He chuckled, then took an exaggerated look at her body. Then, in one swift motion, he pulled his shorts down and showed her the erection he was sporting. She frowned pitifully at him, taking it in her hand.
"Wish I had time to take care of that poor guy," she said, bending over and taking the head in her mouth, sucking hard for a few seconds and then starting to stand.
"I've honestly been clogged up worse than an oilfield shitter all day. Donna's been pretty relentless," he said, his hand moving to the back of her head and pulling her lips back down as she giggled at his description. She pulled her skirt up as his free hand pushed her too her knees, causing her to snicker and steady herself on his hips.
He grunted in pleasure as her tongue ran around the head, and she whimpered happily as a surge of pleasure rushed through her when he forced his cock further into her mouth. Thrusting against her face, his cock pushed in and out of her mouth. The sounds coming from the poor pent-up guy told her that he wasn't going to take long to get his obviously much needed relief.
"Fuck," he grunted, thrusting and then withdrawing. "Suck the head," he grunted, taking two fingers and stroking himself.
She looked up obediently, doing exactly what he told her to do and sucking on the bulbous crown, whimpering in happiness again. John grunted weakly, then thrust again before moving his hand out of the way and shoving his shaft fully into her mouth again.
"There," he grunted, crying out in pleasure and raising his hands above his head.
"Mmmhmm," she whimpered, sucking hard and swallowing as warm, yummy cum filled her mouth.
John's cries of pleasure sounded like they'd been much needed, and she swallowed again and again, drinking as much of his yummy cum as she could. Finally, he staggered back, and she giggled, slurping an errant dribble of cum from her lips and swallowing it down where it belonged. Swiftly standing, she turned and saw Donna frowning at the two of them.
"Shit-ass," she said, scowling at her boyfriend. "Come on, let's go touch up your face, shorty."
Jessie giggled, following her best friend and taking a few minutes to get back to the way she'd been before John had fucked her face and cum in her mouth. Donna was a magician with that sort of thing, though, and she knew she would be happy with the result of her efforts. John of course, was relentlessly horny, and immediately followed to pester them both. She felt him gripping her hips and lifting her skirt, his fingers playing down below. She finally turned and lifted her dress up over her rump, then let him pull aside her panties and rub his still hard cock on her butt. Bending over while Donna moved around front with an irritated sigh at her boyfriend, Jessie fought to hold still to let her finish touching her up.
"Damn, you're soaked," he said, running several fingers through her drenched pussy lips and drawing a finger up.
He grinned as she looked back and saw his finger glistening, then held it over his mouth as a droplet of her juices dripped slowly down onto his tongue. Giggling, she wiggled her butt at him to draw his attention, but then turned back to face Donna as she felt him sliding the head of his cock back up and down her pussy.
"What do you expect when you get all forceful and let me swallow a load like that, John," she said. "You know what a huge fan of cock I am."
He laughed, spanking her gently on one ass cheek. Slowly, he started to thrust along the bottom of her pussy, his below-average cock doing wonderful things to her. Jessie knew it probably wasn't a good idea to do this when she was trying to leave, not to mention right before going to see her boyfriend, but the sex from earlier had only made her even more aroused. She figured she could let him play, though, and shoot on her butt if he didn't get it on her dress. Donna obviously didn't agree.
"Goddamnit John," she yelled, raising a finger and pointing it at him. "Knock that shit off and let me finish!"
Jessie frowned, but then giggled and stood, lowering the skirt as John protested weakly.
"Jesus... what is with you two? You just fucked her face," Donna pointed out, "which I'm trying to fix!"
"Shit, that's true," he said, grinning.
Sliding around, he kissed his girlfriend and then Jessie, causing them both to roll their eyes at each other. A few seconds later, he'd turned on the water and was stripping down to get cleaned up. With John finally occupied, Donna was able to get her touched back up to perfection, even fixing where he'd mussed her hair a bit.
"Alright, get dressed," Jessie said, giving Donna another kiss after she took a minute to rinse her mouth and brush her teeth again.
"See you in a bit," Donna called out, heading to her room.
Turning and walking from the bathroom, she left the apartment, hopped in her car, and drove back over to Dexter's. When she got there, she was amused to find that she'd surprised him as he was just getting out of the shower.
"Hey!" he said, looking up as he toweled himself off. "I was just thinking I should text you."
"I figured I'd come over here instead of you always having to pick me up. Plus, Donna and John weren't ready and needed some time. Of course, John wouldn't quit groping and flirting with me, and Donna got angry at him."
"That's the real reason," he said, chuckling and drawing a wink from her.
She giggled and shrugged, but then nodded down at his menacing looking cock. "You look almost like you're ready to go. Did you behave while I was gone?" she asked.
He chuckled, playfully jiggling it in his hand for a few seconds before letting it go. "Of course, I did," he said.
She snickered, then sighed, looking down at it. "I'd love to take care of him, but I don't want to get dirty again," she said, pouting. "So, do you like it?" she asked, showing him her outfit.
He eyed her as she turned. "You look incredible, babe. You're going to show off the Sex Toy tattoo?"
She nodded and looked up at him. "Do you like that?"
He grinned, but then looked at her and shrugged. "Maybe."
"Still being Mr. Mysterious," she said.
"Mr. Cryptic, I think is what you said," he corrected.
She giggled, then turned as he finished toweling off. "I'm gonna go check on your dad," she told him, giving him a provocative look.
"Mmmhmm," he replied, sounding skeptical.
Accentuating the bounce in her hips a bit, she walked out and winked as she shut the door, causing him to laugh as he watched her go. Turning, she walked toward Don's room and went in without knocking, hoping she would catch him jerking off or something. He wasn't though, much to her disappointment, and was simply sitting at his desk, typing away at his computer.
"Hey Papa!" she said, walking directly over. "You like my ensemble tonight?" she asked, twirling around for him.
He chuckled as she stepped over and right up next to him.
"Good lord, spitfire," he said. "You're gonna give me issues again."
"Oh, really?" she asked, looking down into his lap expectantly.
He shrugged as if unsure, and she grinned and hugged him in response. "How was your day?" she asked.
"Oh, fine," he replied. "Lots of work to get done."
"Boo," she said. "Did you ever take care of your needs?"
He chuckled and shook his head. "No, kiddo, I didn't. It's not your concern, though. I'm fine!"
"Oh Don," she said with a resigned sigh.
"I do like that outfit, though," he told her, and she watched as his eyes roamed over her scantily clad body. "Jesus, are you even wearing underwear?"
Pointedly looking at him for a second, she reached up and pulled at the left side of the top, exposing herself for a moment. He swallowed hard, closing his eyes.
"I asked for that," he said eventually, shaking his head and looking back up at her in amusement.
"Mmmhmm, you definitely did," she agreed. "To answer your question, though, this thing doesn't work with a bra, but I am wearing panties."
She lifted the skirt and showed him the sexy black lingerie that she'd put on in hopes that someone would get to see them. He stared contentedly, his eyes lingering between her legs and making her a little damp.
"Oh," she said, suddenly remembering that she wanted to ask him something. "Did you order my naughty schoolgirl outfit?"
He chuckled and shook his head no.
"Papa!" she said, frowning animatedly. "Order it now," she told him, crossing her arms over her chest like a spoiled child.
"Yes, ma'am," he said, turning back to his computer and opening a new tab on the browser. For a few minutes, the two searched for some naughty outfits that she could wear, and she helped him with her sizes. Finally, he purchased some and she saw that they were due to be delivered soon. She saw him make a quick note of the sizes that she told him and giggled as he looked up and winked at her.
"Naughty maid and naughty schoolgirl," she said. "I hope they look as good on me as they do that model."
"Heck, I know sure they will, sexy."
"Aww... Papa. That's sweet, but my name is 'Spitfire', remember?"
"Hey there," Don said, looking past her.
Dexter was walking over from the doorway, his hair combed and looking ready to go.
"Papa just ordered a couple of outfits for me!" she said happily, taking his hand as he came over.
"I heard," he said, grinning at her.
"I probably shouldn't have, in all honesty," Don admitted.
"You don't like spoiling me?" she asked, frowning and pouting.
Don chuckled, rolling his eyes at Dexter. "You know what I mean. You're gonna be wearing those things all around the house and giving me more issues."
"You know you like ogling me, and you know I like being ogled," she told him. "Just take care of your pent-up frustrations and won't have those issues, silly."
He laughed for a second then sighed. "I'll take care of the problem tonight, okay?"
She giggled, then looked at him again. "You need some inspiration?" she asked, lifting her skirt.
He looked at Dex and chuckled, then looked down between her legs. "I really do like those panties," he said, surprising her that he was actually playing along and responding to her flirting, even with Dex in the room.
"Well, here you go," she said, winking at the two.
She took both hands and lifted her skirt, then hooked her fingers in the edge of her panties and pulled them off.
"You do what you like with those, dirty old man," she said, lowering her skirt. "I want Dex to have easy access if he decides he needs to have me at the party we're going to."
Don groaned and shook his head. "My fella gonna just explode before too long," he said, sighing.
Dex laughed, as did Jessie, both heading for the doorway.
"Have a good night," Don called. "Be safe!"
"Will do!" Dex called out as he grabbed her hand.
"That was so much fun," she said, looking up at him. "Do you think I went too far?"
"Misbehaving already," he said, frowning at her as they walked to his room to get his wallet, keys, and phone. "No, honey, you were fine. Nothing out of the ordinary."
She giggled, knowing that she should try hard to behave at the party. Still, she could try and be a little provocative and turn him on, too.
*****
Dex
He couldn't believe that she'd started to tell him about the time that his dad had taken her in the kitchen, and it had been such a turn on when she'd told him exactly where it had happened so that he would know what it had been like. From the new perspective he had, he knew how incredibly difficult it must have been for his dad to have been standing there and see what he had been seeing. He understood how a slip up could have happened and didn't blame him in the least.
The scream had been terrifying, however. He'd immediately set her down and backed up, wondering if he'd hurt her or something. He was glad when she turned out okay, of course, but was thinking about what happened constantly in the back of his mind. Fight the feeling that he should do something, he forced himself to stop fixating on it and relax. She knew herself best and would tell him if she needed him to fix something for her.
Jessie was incredible. She put up with all his "rules" bullshit, took care of everything he and his dad needed, and loved sucking his cock to top it all off. He was as happy as he'd ever been with is incredibly gorgeous and undeniably sexy girlfriend.
Part of him began to wonder if he was turning into someone like John, though, who liked to be humiliated. He quickly realized that it wasn't humiliating for him, though. He was genuinely just aroused by the imagery her words had conjured, and how much she was trying to provoke a reaction out of him.
It was a good first step, he decided, and hoped that they would just have a good time at the party that evening. Jessie surprised him by driving back over, and she looked absolutely stunning in her little black dress
Watching her quietly for a little bit while she flirted and talked with his dad, he was a little disappointed that they weren't really doing anything. But then, he'd been much happier and more aroused when she'd taken her panties off in front of him without asking, and then even gave them to his dad!
That was what he'd been looking for, he realized. That was the real first step that he'd been discussing with Donna. It was a deliberate act of provocation on her part, in front of Dex and directed at another man. It had happened after they'd talked about her and Don having their incident and deciding on those idiotic rules. He'd promised himself after talking with Donna at the strip club that he wouldn't push her too much and they would go slow, taking small steps so that he didn't have a negative reaction to something that he'd instigated or wasn't ready for.
As they hopped into his truck, he reached over and squeezed her hand as she held her phone up to her ear and called Erin.
"Hey," she said. "Where are we meeting you and Alec?"
Dex listened, pulling out slowly and then waiting until she finished.
"Of course! Okay, we're heading over now," she said. "See you in a minute."
She gave him an address, and he punched it into his truck's GPS. "Is that her place?" he asked.
Jessie nodded, fiddling with her phone for a minute. "She said that Alec is running late and she's going to ride over with us."
As he waited, Dex suddenly realized that he hadn't really made sure that Jessie knew about what had happened. He didn't think she'd really care if she didn't know but figured it would be good to clear the air and make sure.
"Hey, honey," he said, drawing her attention. She'd been texting someone on her phone. "Did Erin tell you about what happened on the trip?"
Jessie giggled. "Kinda," she said. "She told me that she wanted to keep y'all's sexy midnight carousing a secret," she said, grinning.
"Are you mad that I didn't mention it?" he asked.
She shrugged, shaking her head. "No, of course not. Why would I be?"
"I just wanted to make sure. I wasn't sure what you knew, and if we're giving Erin a ride, I wanted to get it out in the open before she complicates the hell out of things."
"Good idea, baby," she said. "Ooo, maybe I'll get to be a little naughty with her on the way over, or at the party for you and Alec."
"That would be hot," he agreed.
"I know you're still horny," she said. "I feel bad about what happened in the kitchen, but I promise we can take care of it tonight."
He looked over, concerned. "Are you doing okay now?" he asked.
She nodded and squeezed his hand comfortingly. "I'm great, baby. Like you said, it was probably just a heat of the moment thing. I was having fun before that, for sure! I've been wanting to find a way to show you how it all happened without upsetting you, and I figured that sex was a great way to do that. I just didn't know it was going to do what it did."
Her phone buzzed in that moment, and she smirked. "Can we stop back by and pick up Donna and John?" she asked. "They want to be able to get drunk so that..." she paused reading her phone, "your big-dick boyfriend can tear my pussy up later," she said, looking over at him and rolling her eyes.
"Well... when you put it like that," he said, laughing.
Donna and Jessie's apartment wasn't too far out of the way, and he happily drove over. Jessie texted her roommate when they pulled into the parking lot, and the two were coming downstairs as he pulled in.
"Well how the hell are ya?" John asked as Jessie hopped out of the front seat and let him slide in.
"Hands off! We don't have time for your kind of hugs," she said, slapping his hand away as he patted her on the butt.
"Hey bud," Dex called, chuckling at the two as John hopped in the passenger seat.
Donna slid into the rear seat first, leaning forward and kissing Dex on the cheek, then leaning over and kissing her boyfriend.
"Donna, you look incredible," Dex said, admiring her and the little black dress she was wearing.
"Thank you," she said. "You're sweet."
"Erin's now?" he asked.
"Erin's," Jessie confirmed.
He pulled out and followed his GPS as it directed him where to go. A few minutes later, he drove up to a small but nice-looking house, with a red SUV out front along with another car and Erin's as well. Jessie hopped out and waved for him to follow. Taking her hand, they walked up the door and she rang the doorbell.
A few seconds later, the door opened, and a younger version of Erin appeared.
"Erin," the young woman called out, looking a little sullen. "Come on in, I'm Cassidy," she said.
Jessie led the way, then stopped just inside. "Hi, I'm Jessie and this is my boyfriend, Dex," she said.
"Nice to meet you," Dexter said politely.
"Nice to meet you too," she replied. "I'm Erin's younger sister," Cassidy said. "I'll go get her."
Turning, the young woman went back toward a hallway, but then stopped when Erin appeared.
"Hey guys!" she said. "Did you guys meet my baby sister?" she asked, wrapping the other girl up in a hug from behind. The younger sister rolled her eyes but grudgingly accepted the affection.
As Dex and Jessie nodded, the younger sister patted Erin's arm, but Dex could clearly see that they had a close relationship. Movement out of the corner of his eye caught his attention. An attractive woman that looked around his father's age came out of the kitchen and walked over toward them. She had an apron on and her hair looked a little mussed.
"This is my mom, Candy," Erin said. "Mom, these are my friends Jessie and Dexter."
"So, pleased to meet you," Candy said politely, shaking both of their hands in turn. "Y'all are going to a party?"
Jessie nodded, and Dex caught Candy reading his girlfriend's tattoo.
"Oh, my..." she said, blushing and covering her mouth for a moment.
"Oh, sorry!" Jessie said, grinning and covering it up with her hand.
"Oh, no, it's fine," Candy said. "I just didn't realize what it said at first. That is very bold of you! I'm impressed."
Dexter felt a little awkward and wished that Erin had just met them at his truck, but soon that passed. Her mother didn't seem to be upset by the tattoo, and he certainly wasn't embarrassed by his girlfriend, so he dismissed the thought.
"Are you staying here tonight or at Alec's?" her mother asked, turning and looking at Erin.
"I'm not sure. I might crash at Jessie's," she replied. She glanced over inquisitively at Jessie who nodded immediately
"Cass," her mother said. "You really should go with her," she said.
Cass, who had managed to extricate herself from Erin's hug, was sitting on the couch a few feet away. She sighed animatedly and looked over. "Mom, come on," she said, sounding exasperated.
"Come with us," Erin said. "Please? You'll have so much fun, I promise!"
Cass seemed to hesitate, but then stood and looked sullenly at Erin. "I'm not even dressed," she said.
"We don't mind waiting," Dex said, getting approving looks from Candy, Jessie, and Erin, and a look of exasperation from Cass.
"There, see, even the boyfriend doesn't mind," Candy said.
"Come on," Erin said, going over and yanking her little sister toward the hallway.
"Fine, Jesus!" the younger girl said in what sounded like mock irritation.
"Give us twenty minutes," Erin called out, just before the two disappeared.
"Can I get you a drink?" Candy asked, gesturing for them to sit.
"Oh, no thank you," Dex said, leading Jessie over to a couch.
"You'll have to forgive Cass," she said with a sigh as she sat on a chair near the two. "She broke up with her boyfriend a few weeks ago and she's been moody since then. Some time out will do her good, though."
Jessie and Dex both nodded politely, and he saw her quickly text Donna to let her know that it would be a little bit.
"We're happy to help her have a fun time," Jessie assured her.
The older woman was attractive, without a doubt. Dexter could clearly see the familial resemblance between Erin, Cass, and Candy. Erin, and from what he could tell, Cass, were both small chested, but he was surprised to see that Candy was bigger than the two. As he looked, he saw Candy looking cheerfully over at Jessie, both quiet for a few seconds.
"You are just the most gorgeous little thing," she said. "I can see why Alec is so obsessed with you."
Dexter couldn't hide his surprise, and Candy winked as the two of them looked over at her as she sat down.
"You'll find that the girls and I talk pretty candidly," she said explained. "I know that Alec has been pressuring her for things."
Jessie giggled, then nodded emphatically. "It's a typical guy thing, I guess."
Dexter began to wonder if all families were this open about sex and his was the exception.
"It most definitely is, and they never stop wanting it," Candy assured them. There was a moment of pause, and she finally changed the subject. "So, Dexter, what do you do?" she asked.
For the next few minutes, conversation was happily nonsexual in nature, and Dex was extremely glad that he didn't have to navigate a risqué conversation with Erin's mother. The two sisters eventually emerged a bit later, the little sister looking much cuter than she did when he'd first seen her.
She was just as blonde as Erin was, her hair a little longer than her older sister's. She'd been wearing an old t-shirt and warmups when they'd come in and seeing her dressed up was a pleasant surprise. The looked a lot alike, and Dex was positive that they were among of the most beautiful women he'd ever seen. Both sisters were looking extremely attractive in tight fitting dresses that left nothing to his imagination.
"Y'all look so good!" Jessie gushed at the two. "Don't they babe?" she asked, looking up at him.
Dex nodded. "Absolutely!" he agreed.
Cass blushed in response, a hint of a grin at the edges of her mouth.
"Alright girls, you be safe," Candy said. "Jessie, Dexter, until we see each other again."
"Nice to meet you," Dexter said, turning and leading the way to the door.
The girls were chattering as he opened the door and walked down to his truck, opening the backseat and then the front seat of the passenger side, before walking around to his own side. Getting the last door, he saw Cass look up and thank him sweetly.
"You're welcome," he said quietly, shutting the door and then turning to hop behind the wheel.
"Cass, this is John and Donna," Erin said, sliding in the back with her sister and Jessie while Donna moved up front with Dex and John. "Y'all, this is my adorable baby sister Cassidy."
"Are we headed to Alec's?" Dex asked Erin after the introductions were made.
"No, he's meeting us there in a bit," she replied.
Dexter nodded, then started the truck. "So, where am I headed?" he asked.
"Just get on the expressway. I'll let you know where to go."
He nodded once more and pulled off.
"Your mom is so nice," Jessie said to the two sisters.
"Aww, thanks," Erin replied. "She's the best. She raised the two of us without any help, other than an alimony check here and there."
"She's single?" Jessie asked.
"Yeah, for several years now. She says that she's given up on finding normal men."
There was a silence, and Dex could almost hear his girlfriend's gears turning in her head. He wasn't surprised when she said, "Would it be weird for us to set her and Dexter's dad up on a date?"
In the rearview mirror he saw Erin look up. "I totally forgot that he was single," she said, a surprised look on her face. "But... it probably would be," she said. He saw her look over at Jessie and ask something a low voice.
Jessie snickered. "He knows that I know," she said. "Plus, I told Donna and John; I hope that's okay."
"This is the guy?" Cass whispered, leaning over and looking directly at Erin.
"Yep," she said. He saw her look over and wink at her sister. "You don't need to whisper. Everyone here knows, and we're keeping it from Alec, remember?"
Cass looked up at Dexter but then looked away. Erin smirked, then rolled her eyes in Jessie's direction. Dexter tried to pretend that he hadn't heard any of the conversation as he pulled onto the expressway.
"I don't know," Erin said, looking up at Jessie. "It might be too weird."
Jessie nodded. "Yeah, that's a lot of people that have had sex together potentially under the same roof."
"Oh my God," Cass said, covering her face. "Why did I let you talk me into coming?"
"Oh stop," Erin said. "Just because you dropped that loser you were with doesn't mean you can't have fun tonight. Jessie is totally cool with you borrowing her boyfriend, aren't you?"
Jessie grinned, nodding emphatically, Donna giggling along with her. "Donna does and she can confirm that he's really good!"
"See?" Erin said, grinning at him in the mirror.
"Erin, what the hell?" Cass exclaimed. "I'm going to jump out of the vehicle if you don't knock it off."
Dexter desperately tried to disappear, blushing and trying to pretend he wasn't listening.
"Alright, alright," Erin said. "Well then you can borrow Alec and I'll take Jessie and Dexter."
"Oh... my... God..." Cass said, both hands up on her temples. "I'm not looking for sex tonight!"
Erin grinned, winking in the mirror at Dex. "I'm just kidding drama queen," she said. "I'm just tired of seeing you moping around the house. It's been a month already!"
Cass sighed and didn't say anything.
Jessie took the opportunity to ask Erin about her mother, and the two started talking about the possibility of getting his dad and her mom to go out on a date.
"Oh, maybe you and Dex could go on a double date, or maybe Alec and I and them," Erin said.
"Ooo, all of us!" Jessie agreed.
Dexter sighed. "Cass, I think I'm with you. Let's just bail."
Cass laughed, looking up at him through the mirror and shaking her head. "God... so embarrassing!" she said.
He nodded and looked at her sympathetically, then cleared his throat and looked back at Erin.
"Yeah, yeah," she said, "I'll stop messing with my sister."
Dex chuckled. "I'm still waiting on our destination," he explained.
"Oh, right!" she said, pulling out her phone.
She quickly checked it and then told him the address. He punched it in the GPS and started to head in the correct direction after stopping at a liquor store they passed for John to hop out and buy some booze. His small list had grown exponentially once he asked the girls if they wanted something.
"Jesus, alright," John said. "Dex, wanna give me a hand with this shit?"
"Sure bud," he said, hopping out.
After a short shopping trip, the two came back with two bags of liquor and beer. Setting them in the back seat with the three girls, Dex couldn't help but admire Cass's legs when she parted them to move out of the way for him.
"Sorry," he said, glancing up at her.
"No problem," she said simply, helping him position the bag he'd been carrying.
Erin grinned, elbowing her sister in the ribs and causing Cass to give her a death stare. He chuckled, quickly shutting the door and hopping back in.
"Alright gang," Dex said. "Let's get this party started."
A short trip later, Dex pulled into a short gravel drive that led up to a nice-looking house situated on the banks of the lake. The group hopped out of the truck and followed Erin up to the front door. After she knocked and a few seconds passed, the door opened and Lacey appeared holding a beer.
"Hey guys!" the athletic, sandy-haired girl said. "Y'all come on in!"
Dex followed the others inside, the girls making the wait take longer as they hugged and said hello. He and John followed the four girls in, tailing Lacey down a short hallway and past a few rooms, into a large kitchen and dining room.
"John, Dex, the guys are outside playing in the fire," she said, hugging them both and gesturing to the back door. "Ladies, y'all need a drink?"
As the girls continued their chattering, Dex gestured to John and nodded back to the door. He cocked his head and turned, Dex following as the two of them passed through a dining room, a large living room, and a small back porch. Opening the door, Dex saw Alec, Blake, and Ronnie standing around the barbecue pit, along with a few other guys that he didn't recognize.
"Sexy Dexy!" Alec yelled. "There he is! John, you crazy bastard, get your asses out here!"
Dex chuckled, shaking his head and walked over, John following closely.
"What's going on, bud?" asked, walking up as the guys turned and regarded the two.
"Dex," Blake said, grinning and reaching his hand out to shake his. Dex took it and shook it firmly, then nodded and grinned at Ronnie, doing the same.
Alec had stepped over to a large cooler full of beer and grabbed two for Dex and John.
"I'm assuming you two ladies aren't drinking wine like the girls," he said.
"Hell, I'll drink whatever you got as long as its beer," John said.
"Guys," Ronnie said, putting his arm around John. "This crazy redneck asshole is John Montgomery, and this handsome sumbitch is Dexter, but you can call him Dex," he said, patting him on the back.
"Good to meet you fellers," John said.
"This is Tyson, Jerry, Ben, Mack, and JJ," Ronnie said, pointing at the other five guys in turn.
A few seconds of nods and hand shaking later, and the guys returned to talking about how Ronnie was going to fuck up the cooking.
Dex grinned, contributing to the conversation when he could. After a half hour, John was friends with all the guys and the center of the conversation, carrying on and being loud and hilarious at the same time. It was clear that they liked the loudmouth jackass.
As Dex laughed along with the others at something John had said, Donna came outside and sauntered over, the guys all going quiet as they saw how sexy she looked.
"Damn baby," John said. "You brought the conversation to a standstill!"
Donna came over and kissed John, then reached for Dex's hand.
"This gorgeous woman is Donna, John's much... much sexier half," Ronnie said, drawing a grin from John.
"Hi boys," she said, grinning. "Are you finding new lovers for me baby?" she asked in a serious tone while she looked at John.
"Shit, ain't none of these dudes wanna catch what you gonna give 'em," he said, winking at Dex.
"Oh John, you're such a sweet talker," she said, sliding from Dex and moving over to kiss her boyfriend. "If you're not a good boy tonight, I won't let you watch me fuck the lot of them," she said, her tongue snaking out and across his lips.
John grinned, turning and winking at the others. "Are you trying to give me wood?" he asked.
"Yeah, Donna and John are some different fuckers," Blake said, addressing the myriad of strange looks from the other guys.
"Fuckers flirt like they hate each other," Alec agreed, smirking.
"Yeah, they sound different," JJ said, grinning and laughing along with the others.
"Shit, my bitch knows where to get the good dick," John said, grinning widely.
"It's right here," Donna said, moving back over to Dex. "Don't make me have to prove it to these guys."
"Donna, you better be nice to your boyfriend," Dex said.
"Ooo, yes daddy," she said, grinning deviously.
John was grinning like a madman, but then stopped and laughed at the group. "Oh shit, y'all shoulda heard the shit my boy Dex said to her the other day. I damn near dropped a nut I was laughing so hard."
John proceeded to tell them the story of how Dex told Donna that all he really knew of her was how she sounded with his dick in her mouth. The guys laughed loudly at that, and then looked curiously at the three.
"Y'all like... fuck each other?"
"Dude... no," John said, scrunching up his face. "Dex and I both fuck her, not each other."
The guys laughed, but it was clear that weren't sure what the situation was.
"Yeah, yeah, it's a complicated situation," John said, chuckling. "Basically... I'm hung like a toddler, but Dex has enough dick for three dudes. I had to learn a long time ago to turn anyone making fun of me into a kink, cuz... what the fuck you gonna do about having a small pecker, right? So, Donna gets to say mean shit to me like..." he said, turning to look over and gesturing at her.
She scrunched up her face in thought for a second, then grinned. "I meant to tell you, last night, Dexter fucked me so hard that I forgot your fucking name."
"Goddamn," one of them said as the group burst out in laughter.
"And I fuckin dig the shit out of it," he said, grinning and grabbing her and yanking her back over to him. She giggled, acquiescing and kissing him deeply.
"You like being mean to his ass?" Tyson asked.
Donna shrugged as she looked over at him. "It might not look like it at first, but I'm nuts over the crazy-ass," she said.
"And this one here has a shovel in his pants?" Jerry asked, gesturing at Dex good-naturedly.
"Shit, just wait," John said. "That big sumbitch has a way of showing up at parties eventually."
"Yeah, that shit's real," Alec said, chuckling. "He's smuggling a python," he confirmed.
"Lucky fucker," Blake said, grinning widely.
Dex laughed, shaking his head. "Come on y'all... no one wants to hear this," he said, sighing.
"Aww, Dex, baby," Donna said, turning and sauntering over. "You don't want me to take care of the beast right now?"
He raised an eyebrow at her.
"Actually," she said, winking at him, "John, I need to take Dex away from you boys for a minute."
"Hey," John said, pointing a finger at Dex, "No anal unless I get to watch."
"No promises," Dex told him.
The conversation turned to sports then, and he looked at her curiously as she took his hand and led him over to a couple of chairs near the edge of the wooden deck attached to the back of the house.
"Are you okay?" he asked.
She giggled. "I'm fine," she said.
"Yeah you are," he quipped, crossing his eyes at her.
Donna rolled her eyes at him and slid close. "How are you doing?" she asked.
Dex looked at her oddly. "I'm good. What's going on?"
"Well, I was curious to see if you'd thought about our conversation last night," she said.
He nodded. She stepped close to him, her fingers running down his chest as she gently bit her lip and looked him up and down.
"I did," he said.
"And are you really wanting my help getting Jessie into... risky... situations?" she asked, obviously choosing her words delicately.
He shrugged. "I'm pretty sure I am," he said. "Hell... I don't know," he said, sighing. "Sometimes, I get images of her in my head and it's a turn on. She's always doing something really dirty and I just... feel like fucking her after the image passes. Then again... I just don't know."
Donna gave him a sympathetic look. "So... you like the thought of her being a rule breaker, or actually fucking someone else?"
He sighed, not sure. "I... I don't know. And... I don't know how to test it without..." He trailed off, sighing hard.
"If you want my opinion, I think you're going to be fine with it, honestly. But..." she said. "I don't want you to just say okay because I said you'd be fine. I do have an idea, though."
Dex looked at her curiously.
"Have you ever heard of Aphantasia and Hyperphantasia?"
He shook his head.
"They're terms for how people create mental images," she said.
"That is the sexiest thing I've ever heard," he said, staring directly at her.
She rolled her eyes adorably. "I'm being serious," she said, her fingers picking at his shirt.
He chuckled and nodded. "I know," he said.
"We're going to do an exercise," she said. "Close your eyes for me."
He raised an eyebrow suspiciously, but then did as she requested.
"Okay, now picture Jessie in your head."
"Okay," he said.
"Describe her," Donna ordered.
He was silent for a few seconds. "She's wearing a nice... low cut shirt, she's got nice, large breasts and for some reason they always seem perky. She's got long, gorgeous hair. She's got her chest tattoo visible, and is wearing a miniskirt, though I don't know why my brain chose that because it doesn't look good together."
Donna giggled. "Open your eyes."
He did so.
"So, you at least don't have Aphantasia. What it means is that some people don't have the ability to conjure images in their mind at all. Like... you say to someone, 'picture an apple in your head,' and they just look at you're like you're insane. But you... I suspect, are more on the side of someone with Hyperphantasia."
He nodded, still curious what she was getting at.
"Close your eyes again," she said.
He did so.
"Now, picture Jessie again."
He nodded.
"Now, change the color of her top."
He nodded.
"Change the fabric."
He nodded.
"Can you feel what the fabric feels like?"
He mentally reached out and sensed the rough texture of the weirdly denim shirt that his brain had put on her.
"Yes," he said.
"Now, can you smell her perfume?" she asked.
"Yes," he said.
"Do you remember what she tastes like when you kiss her?" she asked.
He nodded and opened his eyes.
"That's more along the lines of Hyperphantasia. It's being able to conjure extremely vivid images in your mind. I don't think you actually have Hyperphantasia, but I'd say your above normal."
"Okay," he said. "What's this got to do with anything?"
"I'm getting there," she said. "Use that ability. Picture Jessie in your head, misbehaving."
He slowly nodded and gave her a looked at her curiously. "Is there some ulterior motive for this?" he asked.
She shook her head, sighing at him. "No... you big dummy! I really care about her, and I really care about you. I don't want to lose either of you; not for something as silly as sex."
Touched, he pulled her into a hug and squeezed her tightly. "You are such an incredible woman," he said.
"Heck, I know," she said playfully. "But don't ever doubt that you're a catch, Dexter Reynolds. Not just because your cock weighs 10 pounds, either."
He chuckled, shaking his head.
"Now, shush your mouth and do as momma says," she said, looking at him sternly. She was still in his arms and looking up at him affectionately, though, so the expression on her face didn't match what was in her eyes. He chuckled and kissed her, eliciting a brief whimper.
"Close your eyes," she said sternly, but still looking ridiculously up at him.
Doing as she asked, he relaxed his hug a bit, and closed his eyes after taking a deep breath.
"Good," she said. "Now, I want you to picture Jessie in the kitchen, naked like she was with Don."
He nodded, forcing himself to ignore everything else except Donna's voice and the images in his mind.
"Put yourself in the corner, watching the two," she said.
Dex nodded.
"Don is standing in front of her, his cock hard and angry," she said.
He could still feel her in his arms and felt the warmth of her body against his. Her voice was quiet, smooth like silk on smooth skin.
"Now, imagine her reaching out and grabbing Don, pulling him forward and making him enter her," she whispered. "She spreads her legs, crying out in pleasure, begging him to fuck her, hard and fast. Picture her breasts bouncing, her hair flying around, hear her flesh slapping against his, the cries of pleasure and her voice begging him for more and more. Listen to the sound of her pussy clenching down hard on his cock as she cums and cums, crying out for more even as she's being pounded into the counter."
Donna finally fell silent, and Dex slowly opened his eyes. She was looking at him apprehensively, almost curiously.
"So... what's the verdict?" she asked after a few seconds.
Dexter was quiet for a few seconds, then raised an eyebrow and gestured downward.
Donna followed his eyes and took a step back. She snickered and immediately slid her hand onto the front of his jeans, gripping his obvious erection.
"Damn, you really liked that," she said.
Dex chuckled and winked at her. "I guess we know," he said with a shrug. "It would turn me on to see that happen in person."
Donna giggled. "Good," she said. "Because I... want to try and put her in that position tonight."
"Well, let's not just go and organize a big orgy or anything," he said. "I still want to take it slow."
"I know," she said. "I'm just going to push her in the right direction. Besides, we can both probably agree that she probably doesn't need my help to get into trouble."
Dexter laughed and nodded. "That's for sure."
"Keep your phone handy," she said. "I'll text you if I think she's getting close and you aren't watching."
Dex nodded and pulled her tight for another kiss. "Donna, you fuckin' sexy bitch... if this all turns out like I think it will, you're going to get some very nice payback."
"Ooo," she said, looking up at him again. "Promise?"
He nodded, then leaned in and whispered into her ear. "I'm going to destroy that delicious little pussy of yours," he promised, causing the dark-haired beauty to whimper. "I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to stop. I'm going to fuck you as long as you can handle it; all day if you want."
She sighed, closing her eyes. "Baby, if you keep that up... you're going to make me cum here and now."
Dex winked, then leaned down and kissed her on the forehead.
"Come on. Let's go start some trouble," she said, taking his hand and leading him back toward the mix of people. The girls that he and John had passed through had come outside, and he saw Jessie and Erin talking with Cass and Alec.
Dex turned, intending to follow her, but he saw Blake turn and immediately head his way.
"Yo, Dex!" Blake called out. "You girls done with the gossiping? I got to talk to you, brosef."
Dex chuckled, accepting a pat on the back from the taller guy as he came over to him. He saw Jessie giggling and talking with all her other friends, Donna rounding out the group. There were a few girls that Dex didn't know as well.
"What's going on bud?" Dex asked. Blake started to say something but was interrupted as Ronnie and Alec joined them.
"What's happening fellas?" the former asked, standing near Blake and Dex and taking a swig of his beer.
"Not much, man," Dex said. "You and Lacey still doing the FWB thing?"
"Shit, this motherfucker caved and is actually dating her now," Alec said, laughing at Ronnie as he joined the four.
"What can I say boys," Ronnie said. "I got me a keeper. I ain't braggin' or nothin, but she let me put it in her dumper, and I got to say... them sporty girls are where it's at!"
"Jesus Christ," Lacey said loudly, only a few feet away with the other group. "The whole party can hear you, jackass."
"I ain't scared baby," he said, turning and throwing his arms wide, spilling part of his beer. "My girl got a nice ass and I like to get up in that shit!" he yelled.
"Jesus," she said, rolling her eyes. The group was laughing though, and she smirked and raised a single eyebrow at him.
"Aww... baby don't be mad," Ronnie pleaded.
"Keep up the shit and I'll let one of your big dick friends put it up there and you won't feel a fuckin' thing next time," she said.
The guys roared with laughter, pointing at Ronnie after that, but he smirked and shook his head good-naturedly.
"Bitch, please, if John fucked you in the ass you wouldn't be able to fuckin' walk," he said, waiting for the laughter to die down enough to be heard.
The girls and guys both started laughing harder at that.
Lacey smirked and shook her head at the girls, then rolled her eyes and walked over. Grabbing him by the throat, she looked at him sternly and asked, "do you want to get some later?"
"Shit, I'm gonna be gettin' it!" he answered arrogantly.
"Be nice, or..." she said, turning toward Dex and gesturing to his crotch. "I'm going to have fun with that, then making the rounds with the rest of your friends, cocksucker."
Ronnie grinned wider, and Dex saw him giving her a look of defiance, daring her to do it.
Dex was laughing along with rest of the group, Blake even taking the opportunity to pat Ronnie on the back. He briefly wondered if it was going to get ugly, but Ronnie was quickly laughing just as hard as the rest.
Lacey pointed her finger at him. "Say the words," she said.
"Or what?" he asked, still laughing.
"Ronnie," she warned, looking at him directly.
"Shit... yes ma'am," he said, grinning widely and holding up his hands in defeat.
"That's what I thought," she said, smirking and turning to go rejoin the other girls.
"God... damn I love that fuckin' woman!" he said loudly, falling to his knees and grabbing her legs before she could step away.
"Get the fuck up, you drunk jackass," Lacey said, after looking down and rolling her eyes at him.
"Aww, come on baby you got me all worked up!" he said loudly.
She sighed and glanced back at the group of laughing girls. "Donna, you like pathetic assholes, do you want this one?"
"Nah, his dick is probably smaller than that pathetic fuck I'm dating," Donna said, ever the one to take at a shot at John even when she was taking one at someone else.
"Small dick guy with a big dick attitude," Lacey explained, still looking over at the girls.
"Oh ho ho..." the guys called out as one.
"Damn baby, you got me down on my knees and you still swinging for the fences? Marry me."
Lacey looked down at him incredulously, then back at her friends.
"Get the fuck up," she said, looking back down at him again.
"Marry me baby," he repeated, clutching at her legs desperately. He leaned down and started kissing her shoes.
"Oh... my... God...," she replied. Dex was surprised to see her blushing as she extricated herself from him and walked back over to the group of girls, telling them that he was, "Such an idiot."
Ronnie stood and turned to put his arm around Dex. "You know how much I love you baby," he said, staring at her and squeezing Dex tighter. "You can go a few rounds with any dude here, any time you want. That's fuckin' love."
Lacey rolled her eyes. "Jesus," she said, turning back to the group. "Drunk ass," she said, returning to the other girls and shaking her head.
Ronnie grinned widely at the guys and took a long pull on his beer.
John joined the group then. "What's all the hollerin'? My girl being a mean bitch?" he asked.
Dex chuckled, nodding. "Lacey's taking lessons from her," he said.
John laughed. "Just don't let her take too many of 'em. Lacey's still in the minor leagues, but Donna's a fuckin' all-star at tearin' a dude down. Ain't that right baby?" he said loudly as he looked over at her.
"What was that, you pathetic worm?" she called out, drawing howls of laughter.
"Baby, my dick can only get so hard," he replied.
"Don't I know it," she quipped, drawing more laughs.
"See... that's how a motherfucker gets like to like the shit I like. Date a mean girl like Donna, eventually all that hate will just start turn your ass on."
Donna grinned as the group laughed.
"God, y'all are so mean," Cass said, though Dex saw that she'd been laughing along with the rest.
"Cass, sweetie, John loves it when you're mean to him," Erin explained. "Donna's actually a very sweet woman."
After that, the group dissolved into several different conversations at that point, and Blake cocked his head at Dex and the two stepped aside to converse privately.
"Hey, I gotta come clean man," he said. "I'm feeling like I gotta admit something to you and I want you to know that if you want, you can take a shot at me, no hard feelings."
Dex looked at him curiously, chuckling. "What's going on?"
"I'm an honest guy and when something happens, I come clean and man up, and own that shit. You were a good guy and warned me about those two assholes playin' grab-ass with Sandy at my party, and I appreciate it. I'm not one to go messing with another dude's woman."
Dex frowned, looking up at him. "What's up man?"
"At your birthday bash, your girl got a little friendly in the pool. She definitely touched my dick a few times."
Dexter chuckled, patting him on the shoulder and saw Blake's look of surprise.
"I'm not making light of it," he assured him. "I sincerely appreciate the honesty. Jessie's... she's like a little Tasmanian devil. If you get close to her, you're going to get sticky. She's a big fan of being flirty, as she calls it," he said. "Honestly, I'm surprised that that's all she did."
Blake chuckled for a second, and then offered Dex his hand to shake. "So, we're good?"
"Yeah, bud," Dex said, shaking it. "We're good. Thanks for letting me know. I have to expect it from her. It's not something I just allow her to just go and do, but I've learned that you have to take it as it comes with her. She's pretty incredible, and honestly, she's worth it."
Blake nodded, and the two talked a bit more. As the party continued, Dex mingled, talking with people and enjoying himself. He saw Jessie talking and having fun, mostly with the group of girls.
For a long time, he sat on a chair outside having a real, decent conversation with John about his former job and how dangerous it had been. Eventually, they strayed into why John liked to be humiliated.
"Well, shit, man, there's probably several different things that happened that I don't know about that really made me like what I like," he said. "One I do remember is the first time I got a woody and got called up in front of the class. The girls on the front row saw it and laughed, which made everyone else see it and laugh. Hell, I honestly couldn't tell you when it started to feel good to be insulted. Donna is really the keystone to all of this," he said.
"How long y'all been together?" Dex asked.
"Shit, since I met her at a bar one night. I was laying my best moves on her and she was just laying into me. I wasn't nearly as confident and cocky as I am now, but I was on a streak of bad luck and was determined to make her laugh. So, I tried some humor directed at myself, and she fuckin' cracked. I knew I was in after that."
Dex chuckled. "You guys are actually a really well-matched couple," he said. "You ever gonna lock that shit up?"
John chuckled and looked around him curiously, then shrugged, apparently satisfied that Donna wasn't in ear shot.
"I'm just waiting for the right time," he said. "I've got a nice sized rock picked out, and I'm gonna go talk to her dad sometime soon."
Dex was glad to hear the news and patted him on the back. "Man, that's good to hear. I can't really see her without you."
John grinned, nodding. "I hear you, man. She's incredible. Love of my life."
Dex was touched to be part of the very real conversation that John was sharing. The usually boisterous and brazen young man had let his guard down, and that probably didn't happen often.
"So, Donna said that you asked her about helping you push Jessie a bit?" John asked, looking at him.
Dex nodded. "Yeah, I guess you guys don't have secrets."
"Well, I know you're cool with the little things she does, so I don't imagine you'll have a problem with the bigger stuff," he said. "I mean, you haven't actually seen her have sex with someone else, but you did see me and her fool around a time or two, right?"
Dex nodded. "It took me by surprise at first, to be honest. I mean, Donna warned me not to get close if I couldn't handle her, and said that it was definitely just a matter of time before she got herself into a situation that she... didn't want to get out of. You know?"
John chuckled, nodding. "Yeah," he said. "She's so... full of life and... just... so passionate and caring. I've been there when she was hurt in the past. Some guy she really liked and sounded promising never called her back, or some girl at school mentioned her being a slut."
Dex nodded. He'd heard the stories before.
"I'll tell you what though, man, I might be perfect for Donna, but I'll be damned if you aren't perfect for Jessie. That's how I know you'll be okay with all her extracurricular activities and shit."
Dex laughed. "Shit, I hope so," he replied honestly.
"I mean, hell motherfucker, you get to fuck every woman that she fuckin' knows. You can't let this little bastard have a turn with her sometime?" he asked, grabbing his crotch and grinning.
Dex laughed again, nodding. "I hear you bud. It makes me feel so fuckin' selfish. You practically beg me to nail Donna, and I get bent out of shape over a blowjob and shit."
John shrugged and patted him on the shoulder. "Don't sweat it too much, man. Not everyone is built to be able to handle it. There's not that many guys that can handle their girl steppin' out with another hombre."
Donna came over then, looking seductively at the two, then kissed them both in turn. "I'm about to start pushing her," she said.
"Jessie?" he asked, drawing a nod from the brunette vixen.
"If I'm going to make this happen as naturally as possible, I'm going to need to find one of them to help me to get her to misbehave a bit. Any suggestions?"
Dex hadn't thought of that and looked over at the group of guys.
"Ronnie?" he asked. "She's already done stuff with him, so it's not like it would be a stretch for her."
"I'll see if I can stoke the fire a bit after I talk privately with him and Lacey," she said.
"Okay," he said, taking a deep breath.
He'd figured that if he saw Jessie and Ronnie in a compromising situation and it bothered him, it would be easier to deal with since she'd gone out with the guy before.
"I appreciate your help," he said.
"Oh, I plan to get something out of this. You and John are going to both have me at the same time," Donna said. "No one else, just you two."
John nodded emphatically. "We can replay the morning after you sucked his dick the first time, but this time Dex can actually fuckin' come in the room."
"Ooo," Donna said, turning winking at him. "That's such a good idea baby."
Kissing John again, she turned and kissed Dex as well, before walking off into the party to go and make some trouble. Dex began to wonder if he'd bitten off more than he could chew.
*****
Jessie
After Dex and John hopped out at the liquor store, Jessie turned to Erin and Cass.
"She told you about her and Dex?" she asked curiously.
Cass leaned forward a bit and nodded.
"I told her about you and me too," Erin added.
"My slutty sister's life seems to revolve around sex ever since she started going out with Alec," Cass said.
"Oh, shut up," Erin replied. "I know damn well that you were in your room every day after school sucking off your old boyfriend, and don't even try and deny it. Is it okay to swallow, Erin? What does cum taste like? Will it make me fat?"
Cass rolled her eyes as Jessie giggled at the two.
"Oh stop," she said. "I did, but that was for just a few months and I only asked you those things because it was new."
"You just need to forget about him and find a nice guy to hook up with tonight. Why do you think I suggested Dex?"
Cass sighed. "What is wrong with you? His girlfriend is right there, Erin."
"She's fine with it," Erin said dismissively.
Jessie giggled, then looked over. "Cass, I'm not going to tell you that you should sleep with Dex. I'm just going to say that... I love my boyfriend with all my heart, and you're more than welcome to fool around with him if you want. My life didn't start being about sex when I met him, but it certainly made it much more enjoyable. Dex is..."
"Special," Donna said, cutting into the conversation, "and not just because he's hung like a horse."
The girls, including Cass, laughed at the description.
"So, wait," she said a few seconds after the laughter stopped. "You've all been with him?
"Mmmhmm," the three girls said excitedly.
"And he's that good?"
"Mmmhmm," came the repeated answer, drawing laughs.
"Sweetie, he's not going to fall in love with you," Erin said. "He's not going to call you the next day. He's not going to break your heart. If you want to get with him tonight, you can. He's going to make you cum so hard your legs quiver for a good half hour, but when you see him and Jessie together for a while, you'll know that they are in it for good."
"Aww," Jessie said. "That's so sweet."
"Dex has a good grasp on doing the right thing at the right time when he's with a girl, and it's like... he's completely focused on you," Donna said as she looked back at the three from the front seat.
"But she's keeping it from Alec, you're keeping it from John. Aren't y'all scared that they'll find out?"
Jessie giggled. "John is very aware that Donna sleeps with Dex," Jessie said.
"As for Alec..." Erin said, "let's just say that he likes his games."
Jessie didn't know what that meant but figured Erin would tell her when if it was relevant.
"So, you're okay with people just... sleeping with your boyfriend. Don't you... like... think he's going to fall for someone else?"
Jessie shook her head. "Of course not. I know he loves me. It oozes out of his pores and I love him just as much. I think we're stronger because of our sex life."
Cass glanced past Jessie and cleared her throat as the guys came out of the building.
At the party a few hours later, Jessie was casually sipping at her glass of wine and talking to Lacey when Donna and Erin came up. The party had been going on for a while, and the barbecue had turned out to be some hamburgers and hotdogs that weren't all that good compared to what Papa had made for everyone at Dex's birthday party.
Donna asked Lacey to come with her for a moment as Erin sat down next to Jessie.
"So, I just wanted to thank you for backing me up with Cass. She's been such a drag since she dumped her boyfriend."
Jessie looked over at her new friend. "Oh, you know me. I'm happy to let anyone have Dex for a bit."
Erin's approval of the idea was obvious, and the two exchanged a knowing glance. There was a roar of a laughter at something, and the two glanced over for a few seconds before continuing the conversation.
"So, what games does Alec like to play?" Jessie asked as Erin looked up at her.
Erin sighed in amusement, then surprised her by looking around before answering.
"So... the weekend thing... where I seduced Dex in the middle of the night... was planned," Erin said, causing Jessie's jaw to drop open.
"What?" she whispered.
Erin nodded. "It was Alec's idea. He... he's got a certain fetish. He likes to tell me to do dirty things," she said.
Jessie was genuinely surprised. "I can't believe you guys planned that! Did he intend on seducing me that night?"
"Oh... no, no, no," Erin assured her. "No, the plan was for me to fuck Dex and then act like it was a secret between us."
Jessie scrunched up her face in confusion. "But why?"
Erin giggled in response and sighed. "He said he wanted to feel like we're breaking rules. He does this from time to time. He makes me go and flash a group of guys at a bar, or like... fuck me in a public place. It's about making me do dirty things, really, and making it feel like he's doing something he shouldn't. This was the freakiest thing he's ever made me do."
"So... he doesn't actually want to have a threesome?" she asked.
"Huh? No, he still does. He just wants me to do what he says more. He's... different," she said. "For him it's more about watching me, but he definitely still wants to have fun too."
"I get the fetish," Jessie said. "I just wanted to make sure he still wanted us both at the same time."
Erin snickered, rolling her eyes at Jessie. "Believe me, that hasn't changed at all!"
Jessie giggled, then saw Donna gesturing for her and Erin to follow. She smirked and stood, grabbing Erin's hand and heading over to where Donna was. As they approached, they saw that Donna and several of the others were playing some kind of drinking game. Reaching up, Donna yanked her down into a chair before Jessie could get away.
Over the next half-hour, while new people continued to arrive, Jessie did very poorly at the game, and she finally had to bow out to go and take a break, or else she was going to be too drunk. Heading to the kitchen, she got some water and drank it quickly, then refilled her glass.
"This way girls," Donna called, leading Erin, Lacey, Sandy, Cass, and a girl that Jessie couldn't remember the name of.
Jessie giggled, seeing Ronnie following along, but noticed none of the other guys were with him. He looked like he wanted to go back and hang out with the rest of the guys. She was surprised that more girls weren't coming in, knowing how persuasive Donna could be.
"I've got a volunteer for us," Donna said, coming into the kitchen where Jessie was standing, giggling and shaking her head at her.
"What are you doing?" Jessie asked.
"We're gonna do some shots," Donna explained, grinning. "You've got to check this out. John thought this would be fun!"
The girls all came into the kitchen, followed by Ronnie, and Jessie found that they were relatively secluded from the rest of the group. Most of the other people were either outside, or in other parts of the lake house.
Donna opened the fridge and got out a bowl of cut limes, then went and grabbed the saltshaker from the counter, and produced a bottle of Tequila from somewhere.
"Oh shit," Ronnie said, grinning. "I ain't gonna want none of that," he said.
"It's not for you," Donna said. "Shut up and hop up on the counter." She turned and looked at Lacey. "You sure it's okay?"
Lacey grinned and nodded. "Go ahead, he'll love it!"
Ronnie looked over at Jessie inquisitively, and she shrugged, smirking. He sighed and hopped up on the countertop, scooting back so that he wasn't hanging off the edge.
"Alright girls. John and I were talking about body shots, and he pointed out that it's only women that ever get the body part. He made the joke that it wouldn't be as popular if a dude did it, and an idea was born!"
The girls laughed, Cass shaking her head and blushing as she realized what Donna was getting at.
"Jesus," Ronnie said, and Jessie saw that Donna was already undoing his pants button and zipper. She giggled, remembering how Ronnie had really enjoyed the blowjob she'd given him at the end of their date, but that he hadn't lasted too long. That wasn't a surprise though, most guys didn't last long, and she even remembered that some had cum in her hand before she even got them in her mouth!
The girls were joking and laughing with Donna about something when Jessie moved closer, always happy to watch flirty fun like this. Donna made a smart-ass comment to the girls, who giggled, then turned and lowered her face to Ronnie's crotch, the head of his cock appearing just above the crease of his open fly.
"Mmm, nice," Donna said, her tongue running up the bottom part of his cockhead.
Jessie grinned, looking over at Lacey, who was watching intently.
"This is definitely a first," Ronnie said.
"First blowjob?" Cass asked.
He chuckled, as did the rest.
"No, Jessie went on a date with him a year or so ago," Lacey explained. "Plus, he gets them from me when he behaves."
"How many others have sucked your cock?" Donna asked.
"Here? Besides Jessie, none," he said, grunting as she lowered her face again, giggling and taking him back in.
"This isn't going to work if you aren't going to cooperate," she said, still looking down into his lap.
Jessie realized that she was talking to his cock and giggled along with the other girls. Lacey, standing on the other side of Donna, smirked and looked up at him.
"Everything okay baby?" she asked.
He frowned, shrugging. "I'm just a little exposed."
Jessie snickered, then moved over closer to Donna and Lacey. "Oh, you don't have to be embarrassed. I'm sure we all like this size of your cock. I know I did, and still do!"
Lacey, still standing close, looked up at him. "You know you're getting a blowjob from another guy's girl," she said. "Plus... I'm watching you and letting it happen. That's not exciting?"
"Oh, it is, I'm just a little exposed is all."
"Lauren, come here," Lacey said, gesturing to the girl whose name Jessie had forgotten. The girl looked up, but then giggled nervously and shook her head.
Jessie guessed what Lacey was going to do, and leaned over, taking her by the back of the neck and pulling her over and kissing her as she let out a surprised whimper. The girls laughed and Lacey grinned as Jessie stepped back, winking at her newly acquainted friend.
"Yeah, that works," Ronnie said, grinning widely.
Lacey was still recovering, and Jessie, feeling deliciously naughty, stepped around Donna's rear, her head still bobbing at Ronnie's crotch, and grabbed Lacey again, the girl's arms going wide for a moment. Sliding a hand up under her skirt, Jessie slipped her hand inside Lacey's panties and through her pubic hair, then gently pushed a finger through her folds until she felt wetness.
"Fuck," Lacey whimpered, the word punctuated with a gasp as she laid a hand on Jessie's shoulder to steady herself.
Jessie giggled in response, leaning in and kissing her again. Lacey responded by breaking the kiss and pulling Jessie's top aside. Leaning down, she bit at Jessie's nipple, then sucked it into her mouth and elicited a string of whimpers.
"Fuck," Lacey said, stepping back and fanning her face a second later.
Jessie giggled at the reaction, then turned and looked up at Ronnie, who was grinning widely. She raised her hand and licked the finger that had been in Lacey's pussy clean.
"Jesus," Ronnie grunted. Donna slid his cock in and out of her mouth a few more times, but then stood up and stepped aside. Her hand was still stroking him but soon stopped and squeezed him roughly for a moment.
"Don't cum," she warned, shaking her head as he winced.
Satisfied that he wasn't close yet, Donna took the saltshaker and tapped a little out on the head of his cock, curving nicely downward and presenting a nice surface for the granules to sit. She grinned, reaching for a lime and placed it at the base of his cock, which Jessie judged to be about six inches long, and then reached for the Tequila and a shot glass that had seemingly appeared along with it.
"Lick it, slam it, suck it," she said, then lowered her mouth to his cock.
He grunted again, and she smacked her lips before slamming the shot and leaning over to bite the lime. It took a few seconds of maneuvering with her mouth and tongue, but she finally got it in and sucked, dropping it into her hands before raising them in triumph.
The girls cheered as Ronnie grinned widely.
"Who's next?" Donna asked, offering them the space as she stepped aside and pulled her phone out.
Sandy, unsurprisingly, stepped up and grabbed the saltshaker, starting to go through the steps. It didn't take her long to get everything set up, and Ronnie grunted in appreciation as she lowered her mouth to the head of his cock like Donna had. She didn't have any trouble getting the shot down but seemed to have more trouble than Donna did with the lime, and finally gave up and grabbed it.
Lacey went next, and Ronnie apparently felt brave enough to hold her head down on his crotch for a few seconds. She slapped his legs in her struggle but came up laughing anyway.
"Erin?" Donna asked, grinning.
"This is gonna be weird," Ronnie said, smirking. "My best friend's girlfriend just had my dick in her mouth, and now my roommate's girlfriend is going to."
Erin giggled, quickly prepping the spot, but then surprised everyone when she grabbed Cass and yanked her over, the group laughing. Cass smirked and surprised everyone again when she licked the salt from the head of his cock and took the shot, but skipped the lime, offering a raised middle finger to her sister as she stepped back.
"Hey, you," Jessie heard Cass say, moving behind her.
Lauren went after Erin, and finally Ronnie started to hop off the counter.
"Jessie's gonna go," Donna said, pulling her friend over.
Jessie giggled, sighing and shaking her head. "I don't need any more alcohol and Tequila makes me sick."
"Oh, okay..." Donna said, looking a bit disappointed. "You don't want to just give it a shot?" she asked.
Jessie looked at Ronnie, who was grinning and nodding. She raised an eyebrow at Donna, who nodded and winked.
"How about you just finish him off really quick?" Donna asked.
Jessie wasn't really in the mood for that, but Ronnie looked like he needed it. All those other girls had been practically torturing the poor guy by only teasing him with their mouths and half-hearted sucks. Plus, she didn't want him to think that she didn't like him anymore.
"I'm always happy to do that," she said, winking. In truth, she was a little down, having been thinking about the visions she'd had, but she was always happy to help someone feel better. "Are you close?" she asked, looking at him.
He shrugged, wavering a bit in his response. She glanced around, seeing that the others in the room were involved in their own conversations, save for Lacey, who was standing close and watching both intently.
"You don't mind?" Jessie asked.
Lacey shook her head quickly. "Go for it, girl! He said that you were the best he's had, so I'm anxious to see it for myself."
Jessie nodded, but didn't want to waste any time, so she leaned over and took Ronnie's cock into her mouth without pretense or hesitation. She ran her tongue along the underside for a second, but then sucked hard as she started to slide the shaft in and out of her soft lips. He groaned happily, and she felt his hand on the back of her head.
"Knock it off," Lacey said beside her, causing Jessie to giggle and sit back up.
"I don't mind," she explained.
Lacey laughed in surprise and let her boyfriend's arm go. Quickly, Jessie went back to work and took the shaft back into her mouth, her head bobbing up and down as she sucked hard. He groaned again, and she could tell he was getting close, and again felt the hand on the back of her head.
"That's it," he grunted. "I'm cumming."
She nodded and offered an "Mmmhmm," to him as he started to fill her mouth will the delicious warm goo. A whimper of pleasure escaped her lips, and she suddenly felt like she was back in Don's kitchen, doing something she wasn't supposed to. Shaking the thoughts from her head, she swallowed, waited for him to finish, and then swallowed again.
Focusing on the present, she stood back up and wiped her lips, sucking on her finger to get the rest of the succulent dribbles from them. Still, in the back of her mind was the thought she'd had a few seconds before.
"Thank you," Ronnie said weakly. He was grinning, though, and hopped off the counter before zipping himself up.
Jessie winked at him, but then paused when she saw some movement from Donna out of the corner of her eye. Seeing that her roommate was moving behind her, Jessie turned and saw Dex coming around the door jamb with Cass beside him. Erin's little sister was talking to him as Donna came up to him and looked like she was about to say something, but he interrupted her.
"Baby!" he said. "I heard y'all were doing some shots?"
Jessie nodded and quickly described the idea of doing a "Cock Shot" as Donna had called them.
"Well, I don't think I'll have one of those," he said, frowning at her.
She glanced over when she saw Cass take a step away and pull out her phone. She frowned for a moment, wondering if she'd interrupted something between her and Dex. Shaking the silly thought from her head, she turned back to her boyfriend.
"You should have been the one up there!" she said, poking him in the chest.
"I could do another shot!" Sandy called out, drawing laughs.
Dex chuckled but shook his head. He looked down at her as she stepped up close, then gave her a concerned look.
"You okay?" he asked.
She nodded, trying to look like she was. The truth was that she was still a little bothered by the times that she'd had the vision of Don being hateful and aggressive with her when they'd been together. She didn't want to let that ruin Dex's night, though, and looked as convincingly happy as she could.
"Babe?" he asked directly, looking at her pointedly.
She sighed then, realizing that it was useless to try and deceive him. "I'm okay. I just... I'm still bothered by... you know."
He frowned, nodding. Looking at his watch, he checked the time and looked back down at her.
"Why don't we leave and go back to my house and relax or talk? he asked. "We've been here for a long enough."
She wanted nothing more than to be alone with him again, to make love so that her stupid imagination wouldn't get carried away and make her think awful things that didn't happen.
"We can stay if you want to," she said.
"Oh, I'm good to go home," he replied. "Really. I'm just talking with Cass about stuff."
Jessie frowned. "I don't know," she said. "We brought everyone, remember? Plus, you look like you're having fun."
He shrugged. "You're the most important thing to me," he said. "If you're having problems, you're all I'm concerned about."
She nodded. "I know. I'm okay, I just... I'm all in my head and thinking of other things, you know?"
"What's going on guys?" Donna asked, stepping close to them.
"Jessie isn't feeling good," he said. "I think we're going to call it a night. Are you and John ready to go, or do I need to take him to go get his truck?"
Donna frowned and moved over to Jessie instead of answering Dex. "You okay?"
Jessie nodded. "I'm okay. But Dex is right. I'm just feeling kind of blah tonight."
"I'll stay here if you can go check with John," Donna suggested, looking at Dex.
"I'll be right back," he said, turning and making his way past a few people.
"Talk to me, Jessie," Donna said. "Is this about Ronnie? I hope that was okay. I wasn't trying to get you in trouble or feel like you had to do that or anything."
She shook her head, placing a hand on Donna's arm comfortingly. "That wasn't a big deal. I'm fine, I promise. I just don't really feel like being here right now."
"Jessica," she said, looking directly at her.
She knew better than to try and lie to Donna. She could always seem to tell when she was.
She sighed. "I'm fine, I just... I'll tell you about it tomorrow. I'm okay, I just can't get things out of my head. Okay? I don't want to talk about it right now."
Donna sighed hard but nodded. "Okay hon'," she said, frowning in that concerned way that she did.
Jessie pulled her friend in for a hug. "I'm okay, I promise. I'll tell you all about it soon." As she hugged her roommate and best friend, she saw Cass still standing close by.
After Donna released here from the hug, she stepped over to Cass's side. "Cass, I'm sorry," she said, drawing a glance from the young woman.
"For what?" Cass asked.
"Oh... I just... Dex and I are leaving, and I could tell that you were enjoying his company. I wanted to find out if you were hoping for some time alone with him."
"Oh... uh... no!" Cass said too quickly, and Jessie caught a frown.
She realized then that Cass really did want some more time with Dex, and immediately felt awful.
"It's not..." Cass started to say.
Jessie thought quickly, then remembered their mother asking where Erin and Cass were going to stay.
"You guys are totally welcome to come stay with Donna and me. I'll bet you can sneak some alone time with Dex there?
Cass started to shake her head, but then blushed and smirked at her. "Is it that obvious?" she whispered, stepping close.
Jessie giggled.
*****
Dex
The party was decently fun. Jessie seemed to be a little out of it though, and not her normal rambunctious self. He was sitting on a deck chair listening to John talk to another guy about something when Cass came out.
John excused himself, and the other guy turned to talk to a girl on the other side of him.
"This seat taken?" she asked, looking down at him.
"Be my guest," Dex said, gesturing to the empty seat.
Cass sat down, a drink in her hand.
"Having fun?" he asked.
"Yeah, I guess," she said with a shrug. "I'm sorry for how crazy my sister is," she added.
"She likes to embarrass you?" he asked, chuckling.
She nodded.
"Older siblings are always like that," he said. "I've got a brother that's a few years older than me."
"Yeah?" she asked. "What's his name?"
For a good while, they talked about their respective families. Her dad was still around, but out of the picture, and it was just her, Erin, and their mother. They liked to be open with each other and their mother was a really understanding woman.
She asked him about his family, and he was all too happy to tell her the details. She was nice, and he found her easy to talk to. There was a quiet sadness about her, and he supposed it was because she'd split up recently.
"I'm sorry about the girls and all that stuff earlier," he said when there was a lull in the conversation. "My girlfriend is... unique."
Cass snickered. "Well, Erin isn't that much different, and it seems like Donna isn't either."
He chuckled. "It just seems like we can't meet anyone that she doesn't want me to have sex with."
"Poor guy," she said, smirking. "Must be rough for you to have to deal with that."
Surprised that she was taking a bit of a shot at him, he grinned and stared at her for a second.
"Just kidding," she said. "You're cute, for sure. I don't know why Jessie wants to share you so much, though. I wouldn't."
He chuckled but didn't respond.
"Sooooo... do you really have as big a thing as they say?" she asked.
He glanced over at her again, hesitating, but then nodded. A blush was quickly covered up, and she looked the other way.
"Erin just infuriates me," she said. "She has to out my problems in front of everyone. I mean, if Jessie had been told in private, and then came and talked to me and given me her blessing, I would be all for it. I mean, I am all for it, I just... God... this is so embarrassing."
He laughed, enjoying watching her squirm a bit.
She took a deep breath before continuing. "I embarrass easily, and I just hate when she thinks she can control what I do, and thinks she knows what's good for me. Part of me doesn't want to even talk to you, but only because my sister told me I should."
"And the other part?" he asked.
"Oh... we're not discussing that part," she replied, blushing and looking at a random group of people talking.
"Well, how about you and I just be friends?" he suggested, as they looked at each other.
She nodded, looking happy for a few moments. "That sounds great," she said. "Plus, if our parents actually go out and start dating, it could get really weird, really fast."
He laughed at that.
The party continued, and he found that he really enjoyed having Cass as a party companion. She didn't hit on him or ask him about his dick more than she already had, and he found that he could open-up to her a bit more about non-sexual things that the other women in his life. It seemed like all they ever wanted from him was sex, which was fine, but did get old. After talking to her about trying to get to where he was okay to share Jessie and leaving out the part about her fucking his father, the two of them watched Jessie and a few others play a drinking game, safely from their chairs across the deck.
"So, you and Donna are trying to get her to get "flirty" as she calls it, with another guy, so that you can see if it bothers you?"
He sighed. "I know... it sounds nuts. Its just... I love Jessie and I know that she's a rambunctious and flirty girl. Something that could potentially bother me is going to happen sooner or later."
Cass nodded. "I get it. I may not be able to put myself in your shoes, or hers for that matter, but I get it."
"Still, I appreciate you keeping me company. I'm a tad bit nervous about what might happen tonight."
She grinned. "You're welcome," she said. "It's been nice talking to someone without worrying about them hitting on me," she said.
He chuckled. "I can imagine that it would be," he told her.
A few minutes of conversation later, he saw her stand and stretch. "I'm gonna go check on my sister," she said. "You and your dick gonna be okay by yourselves?"
He laughed, sighing and shaking his head. "Yeah, I think we'll be okay," he replied. "Talk to you soon."
She winked and turned, heading over to where the girls were chattering. Dex stood, then went inside and to the bathroom. Finishing up, he felt his phone buzz and checked it. It was a message from Donna.
"Kitchen. Watch quietly from the front hallway."
He felt his heart start pounding and took a deep breath. Opening the door, he stepped in and went directly to where Donna had told him to go. Luckily, the front hallway was darker than the kitchen, and he was able to sneak past the doorway to the bedroom beyond, and then back to the edge of the doorway and peered. No one saw him, and he took the opportunity to study the scene.
Ronnie was sitting on the counter, and he watched for the next few minutes as Donna, Lacey, and Sandy all apparently did a shot of Tequila by licking salt off the head of his dick. Cass was standing a few feet away with her sister, and she glanced over, looking at him sweetly a few times.
Erin stepped up, and prepped Ronnie so that she could take the shot, and yanked Cass forward. She'd been distracted, looking over at him again, and hadn't seen Erin coming. Cass shocked him again when she actually leaned over and licked Ronnie's cock, took the shot of Tequila, and skipped the lime altogether.
After flipping off her sister, Cass walked up to him, past Jessie, and came right up to him, saying, "Hey, you."
He winked at her and saw Donna turn and give him a meaningful look. Cass stepped behind him, peering around his arm and watching along with him. As they watched everything unfold, Donna told Ronnie that Jessie was going to go, but then he was surprised to hear that she didn't want to.
Donna could always be counted on, though, and a few convincing words later, he watched as his girlfriend stepped up and leaned over, taking Ronnie's dick into her mouth.
He and Cass both watched silently as her head bobbed up and down. For a few seconds, Ronnie held it down, but then was smacked by Lacey for doing so. Jessie said something to her, then went back to sucking. A few seconds later, he felt a surge of arousal as Ronnie's hand went back to her head, holding her tight against his crotch.
"So... what's the verdict?" Cass whispered. "Do you like seeing your girlfriend like that?"
Dex looked down at her. "I can't believe I'm saying this, but yeah, I actually do."
Cass giggled, rolling her eyes at him, then looked back at the scene. He kept looking at her for a few more seconds, then saw her eyes suddenly go wide, and was then yanked back around the corner.
"Pretend we're just walking up," she whispered, and he nodded in amusement.
***
After talking to Jessie and hearing that she wasn't really enjoying the party, Dex went and found John, updating him about the situation.
"Yeah brother, I'm good to go," John said. Dex turned, followed by John, and went back inside. Jessie and Donna were saying goodbye to Lacey and Ronnie, the latter thanking Jessie profusely. Dex chuckled, watching.
Turning, Jessie saw him and came over, looking up at him. "Is it okay for Erin, Alec, and Cass to come back to your place?" she asked.
He looked down curiously. "Of course, but I thought you weren't in the mood?"
"I'll explain on the way," she whispered. "Trust me."
On the way back to his house, there were only four people in the truck with him, Erin and Cass having rode with Alec. Jessie was in the front seat, spooned up to him, and Donna and John in the back, talking quietly to one another and laughing.
"So, what's the big secret?" he asked quietly.
"Well, when you left to go find John, I saw the look of disappointment in Cass's eyes. She wants a little time with my boyfriend."
Dex sighed. "Jessie, my focus is on you tonight. I already feel bad for not seeing that you were still reeling from what happened."
She nuzzled his arm and sighed. "Honey, I'm okay. I just need a good night of sleep. Candy was hinting that her daughters weren't going to be coming home, and I wanted to stay with you. We decided that they were going to stay with Donna and I, and I know Alec and Erin didn't want to stop partying yet."
"Yeah, but we're also all going back to my house now. Aren't you expecting things to get out of hand again?"
She giggled and nodded. "Totally, but Donna and I talked. She's going to keep Alec and Erin with her and John in the Den. I'm going to see if Cass wants to stay with you, and I can sleep in one of the spare bedrooms."
He sighed. This was the very thing he'd been talking to Cass about. Jessie just seemed to need to have him sleep with other girls. He seriously doubted that Cass would even want to, especially with her sister there. She certainly didn't seem to be in the right emotional place to consider sex an option.
But it wasn't like he didn't find the girl attractive or want to have sex with her. Of course he did, but that wasn't the point. He shook the thoughts from his head and focused on the present.
"Well, we still need to talk about what's going on with you, honey," he said.
She nodded, looking down at her hands. "I know. I just don't know what to do about it. I guess I just need time to think."
He nodded, squeezing her to him. A few seconds later, he whispered. "Do you think that maybe... part of you thought that what was happening between you and Dad was wrong?"
She immediately shook her head. "No!" she whispered. "I mean, it was wrong, but it wasn't. We shouldn't have done that, but he didn't like... force himself on me."
Dex sighed. "But... he kind of did, honey," he said. "Maybe..."
She shook her head again. "I'm serious baby, he didn't do it out of spite, or malice. It just... pure... lust."
Dex couldn't deny that every description he'd heard of the scene made it sound like that.
"I believe you baby, but you're still having those odd visions about it."
She nodded. "I just... I wish I could convince my neurotic brain that's what happened, you know? Like... I want to go back and be a fly on the wall in the room when it happened."
Something about what she said next, struck him, and he hesitated to respond. Then, the pieces fell into place and an idea popped into his head.
He knew exactly what he was going to do.
***
A few minutes later, he pulled up to his house, Alec pulling in behind. Once inside, Alec, John, Erin, and Donna were all pulled out back by the latter, and Dex figured that they were going to go skinny dipping again.
Cass shook her sister's hand free as she was pulled along with them and shook her head. "I'm just going to go to bed," she said.
Erin frowned and protested, but Cass ignored her and came back over to Dex and Jessie.
"Do you have a bedroom I can crash in?" she asked. "I'm just gonna go to sleep."
"Sure," Dex said. "You can use my brother's room."
Jessie took her hand and led her up the stairs, Dex following behind and definitely not looking at both asses bouncing in front of him.
Cresting the top steps, he glanced down the hall and saw the light still on in his dad's room. He walked up to the door and knocked, then opened the door when he heard him call out softly.
"Hey. Just letting you know that Donna, John, Alec, and Erin are out back in the pool. Erin's little sister is gonna crash in Jack's room."
"Okay, no problem. Y'all have a good time?"
Dex nodded. "We did. It was a lot more tame than other dates."
His dad nodded and gave him a happy wink, and Dex stepped back out of the room and shut the door.
Turning, he saw Jessie coming out of Jack's room.
"She all settled?" he asked.
She nodded. "I'm going to brush my teeth and go to the bathroom."
"Okay. I'm going to go make sure that Donna and the others are good and won't bother us."
"If you hurry, you can fuck me and give me a few orgasms before I go switch with Cass and make her come to your room," she said.
He chuckled, shaking his head at her. "You're actually wanting to fool around?" he asked.
She giggled. "Just because I had a few bad daydreams doesn't mean I don't want to have sex with my boyfriend. I'm still horny, I just have some stuff to work out."
"Okay," he said, shaking his head at her in mock dismay.
With a giggle, she stepped into the bathroom, and Dex headed downstairs and out the back door. He was happy to find that Erin and Donna were both nude. They were splashing and playing in the water while John and Alec watched, sitting on the edge of the pool, both nude as well.
"Hey guys," he said, walking over. "Jessie and I are going to call it a night. She's not feeling well and I'm gonna go take care of her."
Donna winked and nodded. "Okay. If you don't mind, we're gonna crash downstairs in the den and see what kind of mischief we can make."
Erin cheered at the suggestion, and the guys laughed. Satisfied that they were taken care of, Dex said his farewells, and went back inside and upstairs to his room. Several minutes later, Jessie emerged from the bathroom and came in, then made as if she was going to start getting undressed.
"One second," Dex said. "I've got an idea."
She grinned. "Ooo, I like ideas!" she said, giggling.
He smirked and rolled his eyes. "I'm pretty damn sure you're going to like this one, goofy."
She grinned, her hands dropping to her sides. He didn't really have much of a plan, though, so he took a deep breath and thought quickly.
"I want you to listen to me," he said, winging it. "Okay?"
"Okay," she said, nodding once and grinning at him.
"Good, now I want you to do exactly what I tell you to do. Okay?"
She giggled, nodding again.
"Good, now follow me."
She snickered, and he led her out of the room. Pausing just outside the door, he knocked softly, heard the quiet response, and stepped into his father's room.
"Hey dad," Dex said, leading Jessie in as she looked at him curiously and suspiciously. "Got a second?" Turning, he shut and locked the door to the bedroom, then moved up behind Jessie.
His dad was lying in bed reading his book but nodded as he set it on the bedside table. "Sure, kids, what's going on?"
"I need your help," Dex said, moving around behind his girlfriend as she stood, her head turning to watch him.
"Of course! What do you need?" Don asked.
"Well, I had a couple of things I wanted to talk to you and Jessie about," he said. Then, he leaned in and, using an extremely quiet whispered tone, said, "I saw you sucking off Ronnie in the kitchen."
As he spoke, he reached up and slid the left strap of Jessie's dress off, then slid the cup off the front of her breast, eliciting a gasp of surprise. One hand reaching around, he grasped her breast roughly and squeezed, pinching at the nipple.
Jessie whimpered, looking up and over shoulder at him.
"Baby... what... I..."
"Jessie and I are both okay with what happened between you and her," Dex said, looking up at his dad, but then leaned in and whispered, "I saw you swallow his cum, you naughty little slut."
His other hand slid the other strap of her dress off, and it slid immediately to the floor, leaving her standing nude beside him as she closed her eyes and whimpered in arousal.
"She's just had a few problems lately, and I think there's something you can do to help me fix it," he said.
He looked up and saw that his dad was staring wide-eyed at the two of them. Leaning in again, he whispered. "I wanted to make you suck another right after I saw that happen, slut," he whispered.
She moaned as he spoke the words, her entire body shivering for a moment, then whimpered pitifully.
"A few times when we've been intimate, she's had some bad images pop into her head. She's not bothered by what happened between you two, and neither am I; but something has altered the way she remembers the encounter and I really need your help to fix it," he said.
He knew in his rational mind that it sounded dumb but hoped that his dad was too turned on by the prospect of having this nubile young vixen again to be rational.
"Dex... Jess... I..." Don stammered.
Dex slid his hand quickly down between her legs, plunging a finger into her absolutely soaked cunt and pulling it back out. Bringing it up, he slid it into her mouth as she groaned in pure arousal as she sucked, her hands moving back to grab futilely for his erection. Across the room, he heard his dad groan in obvious arousal and approval at the sight of what was happening to her.
"Look at me," Dex said roughly.
She spun to face him immediately, and he felt the arousal emanating from her body like she was on fire and saw it in the piercing glare of her eyes.
"Yes, baby?" she whimpered.
"Jessie, in a few seconds, you're going to turn around. Then you're going to walk immediately over to the bed and suck his dick."
He didn't whisper that time and made his voice as commanding as he could. The effect on her was obvious. She moaned, her legs shaking as she stood against him.
"Is that understood?" he asked.
"Fuck... yes baby," she moaned.
"Dex... I shouldn't..." Don offered.
Dexter ignored him, kissing her and quietly whispering, "I love you," to her, before turning her around.
Jessie didn't hesitate and walked directly up to the end of the bed as he followed, crawling on her knees until she was in position, and pulled the blankets back as her head lowered.
"Jessie... Dexter... it's not..." he said.... "Oh... Christ..." he grunted, his protests falling silent. Dex moved around to a better angle to watch as his beloved girlfriend's lips slid around the bulbous cockhead.
She whimpered in happiness, sliding her lips down even as she pulled the sheets out of the way. Dex took them from her, and she wriggled her body over as he pulled them down. Don's reservations had ceased, and he was groaning in pleasure as Jessie worked her magic.
"Don't finish him off," Dex warned, causing Jessie to whimper in disappointment.
She moaned, an obvious begging whimper coming from her as she continued to suck, her lips sliding up and down his shaft at an impressive pace.
"I want you to fuck him," he said loudly, clearly, so that there wasn't any confusion about what he wanted to happen.
Jessie moaned in arousal, sucking ferociously and sliding her lips up and down a few more times before she sat up and looked at him.
"Then, you'll be able to see that he wasn't hurting you," he explained.
"Baby, are you sure?" she asked.
"I am," he said confidently.
"Promise?"
"Swear."
She whimpered, and then looked at Don. "Please Papa," she begged. "I really need you to show me that you can be nice and soft. I want that to be what I remember, not the rough time in the kitchen."
Don was at a loss for words, and Jessie took his lack of protest as a yes, crawling up and leaning forward, her lips finding his as Dexter watched. She moaned into him as he groaned in pleasure, her arms clutching at his head as he pulled her to him.
"Please," she begged, though Dex didn't see his dad slowing in the least.
As he watched, standing close by, his dad seemed to get lost in the moment and moved forward, pushing her onto her back, her legs spreading wide for him.
"Oh God, please take me! Please make love to me!" she begged.
Don grunted his response, his lips moving to her neck as his body moved over the top of hers. Dexter continued to watch, not weirded out in the least. Smiling confidently, he saw Jessie's eyes grow briefly large, and a serene look appeared on her face. His father was inside of his girlfriend.
She turned to look up at Dex, love clear in her eyes, and mouthed, "I love you," along with "thank you."
Dex nodded, mouthing, "I love you," back to her, and slowly turning as the two started to fuck, Jessie's moans quiet, but emphatic.
He desperately wanted to stay and be a fly on the wall but didn't want to ruin this for her. It genuinely felt like she just need to be alone with him, and he felt confident that it was the right decision for him to leave them alone together.
"Oh, God, yes," she whimpered, and he glanced back at her in contented silence as he unlocked and opened the door, then stepped out of the room.
The sounds of the two of them could be heard just outside the room but faded quickly the further he got from the door. Without hesitation or second thoughts, he went to his room and shut the door, then stripped down and crawled into bed. Happily, he pulled the cover over himself, intending to get some sleep as Jessie would probably be occupied for a while, if not the entire night. He figured he could check on them in a while, or in the morning if he were able to get some rest.
Surprisingly, sleep came swiftly.
A few hours later, something woke him up and he blearily looked over at the clock. It was barely 1 in the morning, just 2 hours from when he'd gone to sleep. He wondered if Jessie and his dad were done, and stood, needing a piss and wanting to check on them.
Yawning, he went to the bathroom and relieved himself, then turned and left the bathroom. Walking down the hall, he saw the light was off in his dad's room, and only heard snores from within. Amused, he opened the door quietly, and padded in. Jessie was sleeping, laying on her side with a look of happiness on her face. Not wanting to wake them up, he turned and left the room, shutting the door behind him.
Walking silently back down the hall, he went to his room and shut the door, the dim light of the moon partially shaded by the curtains. Sliding back into bed, he pulled the covers over himself, then realized he wasn't alone in the room. Someone was lying next to him.
"Hello?" he whispered.
"I know I said that part of me didn't even want to talk to you, but the other part of me won out," a voice whispered.
"Cass?" he whispered back.
She giggled. "Where's Jessie?" she asked. "I thought she'd be in here with you."
"No, she's sleeping in another room," he said. "She said she didn't want to be in the way if you wanted to come in."
Cass giggled again, and he felt her hand reaching out from the other side of his bed. A few seconds passed, and she scooted closer, moving up against him as he put his arm around her.
"Are you sure?" he whispered.
"Very," she said. "As long as you're okay with me being here."
He chuckled. "I'm very okay. You seem... different, and it's intoxicating."
She sighed happily beside him. "How?"
"You're not infatuated with the size of my dick, for one," he said. "I know that doesn't sound like it would be attractive to a guy. It is for me though, at least with you."
She giggled again. "Yeah, totally haven't been thinking about a big ole dick for whole evening," she said.
Dex laughed.
"No, I just thought it would be nice to lay here and snuggle with you since I had your girlfriend's permission."
"It sounded like she pretty much ordered you to," he pointed out, drawing more laughter.
A few seconds later, she whispered, "So, would you... be okay with holding me then?"
"Of course," he whispered.
He turned and put his arms around her, feeling her slide easily into him and sigh happily as she moved up close to him. He felt the fabric of her bra and the top edge of her panties as he moved his hands around her body. Lowering his face to the top of her head as she nuzzled his chest, he inhaled deeply. Her hair smelled like strawberries, and her skin was incredibly soft and smooth. Her hand was gently rubbing his chest, and she sighed deeply after a few minutes.
"This is really, really nice," she whispered. "If it's okay, I'm gonna sleep right here."
He chuckled. "I'm happy to be your pillow," he whispered, drawing another giggle.
"Good night, Dexter," she whispered.
"Good night... Cassandra?" he inquired.
"Cassidy," she replied with a snicker.
"Cassidy," he repeated.
He closed his eyes, quietly telling his dong that it needed to behave itself and not come out to play just because there was an enticing pussy a few inches away from it. He forced any thoughts of how incredibly soft and warm it would feel around his girth out of his head. At least he tried. He felt her breathing grow deeper and slower and was eventually lulled to sleep by her radiating warmth and the softness of her skin on his. Sleep would come eventually, but he stayed awake for a while, enjoying the simple pleasure of having this intoxicating young woman clinging to him like she was.
***
The next morning, he yawned and stretched, then realized that Cass was gone. He looked around the room and saw no trace of her, then saw a note on his pillow from her and grabbed it. Letting his eyes adjust for a moment, he read the note as he sat up.
"Dex. Thanks for being a great pillow last night. I really needed it. We'll continue this another time. -- Cass."
Dex chuckled, folding it and putting it on his bedside table, then yawned and stood. After pulling on a pair of shorts and flip flops, he stepped out of his room to go and check on everything. Checking on the others downstairs, he saw that Cass, Erin, and Alec were all gone, but Donna and John were still asleep in the den. Both were naked, and he grinned, briefly considering waking Donna up by sticking his dick in her mouth, but there was something else he wanted to check out.
As quietly as he could, he turned and left the room, then tiptoed back upstairs, then walked directly to his dad's room. Listening quietly for a moment, but not hearing anything, he pushed the door open and saw Jessie and his dad still sleeping and covered by a thin sheet.
Moving quietly over, he knelt beside his girlfriend and kissed her on the forehead, her eyes fluttering open.
"Morning baby," she whispered.
She glanced back over her shoulder and saw Don still sleeping, then held a finger to her lips and pointed to the door, indicating that they should leave and let him sleep.
Dex nodded, helping her slide from the bed as quietly as she could. As she stood, he looked over and saw the look of contentment on his dad's face and knew that what had happened was a good thing. Not everyone would understand that, but he didn't care. Jessie grabbed his hand and led the way, the two only pausing to shut the bedroom door behind them.
"Bathroom," she whispered.
He nodded, pointing at his room and receiving a nod in response.
A few minutes later, Jessie stepped into his room and quickly joined him in bed, sliding under the covers.
"Aww, you're still dressed," she said, frowning at him.
He chuckled and turned on to his side to face her. "I wanted to make sure you were okay," he replied.
She sighed happily. "You are so incredible," she said. "I know that was a big step and I love you so much for it."
"So... it wasn't something that you're going to regret, or didn't want to happen?" he asked, feeling like he already knew the answer.
She giggled and shook her head. "God... hell no, baby. I had so... so much fun last night. I just wish that you had stayed and joined us."
He shrugged. "I really did think that it was a good way to help you through your nightmare issue. I figured that you and him could be together and whatever part of you keeps giving you those visions would... I dunno... change its mind?"
She giggled. "I don't know if it did or not," she said. "I haven't had any bad thoughts, so that's a good thing."
"So... can I ask you about what happened, or would you prefer to keep the night a mystery."
"You don't want to hear it?" she asked.
He shook his head. "No, I do, I just thought that it might be something really special to you and you might want to keep it just for you."
She kissed him happily, and he tasted the fresh minty taste of toothpaste. A few seconds later, she broke the kiss and looked at him again.
"God, you're the most incredible boyfriend," she gushed. "I don't need to keep it a secret, honey," she assured him. "In fact, I can be as descriptive and honest as possible," she said.
"Oh yeah?" he asked
She nodded, reaching down and sliding her hand into his pants. "Mmm... my pussy is a little sore, but I'm not going to pass up a chance to fuck you while I tell you this story."
Dex raised an eyebrow, but then reached down to slide his underwear off and dropped them next to the bed.
"But first, did you and Cass have a fun time fucking all night?" she asked, her expression hopeful.
He nodded. "She came in around 1 or so and slept next to me all night. It was nice."
Jessie frowned. "She didn't want to have sex?"
Dex chuckled and shook his head. "I think she really just wanted to feel like someone's girlfriend again. She asked if I'd hold her and if she could sleep next to me, and I was happy to let her."
"Did you treat her like a girlfriend?" Jessie asked, looking at him sternly.
He paused, unsure of what he should say, and not sure if she was going to be upset by the truth.
"I... I did," he said, hesitantly.
"Good! I knew my perfect boyfriend would do the right thing."
Dex chuckled. "So... tell me what happened last night."
Author's note:
I know, I know. It's a mean thing to do to leave the story like this.