This is about an extraordinary evening that my wife Carrie and I experienced last year that changed our marriage. I saw a side of my wife of 17 years that I'd only suspected had existed.
First a little background:
My wife and I met almost 20 years ago at a week long business meeting. She was a young 23 year old and upcoming operations intern and I was in my early 30's, a divorcee with a new girlfriend. I met her and from the time I laid eyes on her I knew that I needed an exit plan for my new/current girlfriend. Carrie had a gorgeous face and a huge wide-eyed smile that was highlighted by her light olive skin and white teeth. She was also extremely intelligent and the side talk was that she was management material. She had a very quick wit and could pitch shit much faster than any of the men could dish it to her and could keep the room laughing as she did so. She took over our meetings that week with strong presentations and a self-assured manner that left us all of us so called experts extremely impressed. During the week, she and I became better acquainted and it was clear that she was as attracted to me as I was to her. Nothing physical happened that week, (despite my best efforts) as she insisted on taking things slow but it was clear where we were headed.
So often these stories, real or otherwise, begin with a description of a woman with the perfect 36", DD breasts and a small tight ass. Carrie had neither. She carried some weight in her hips and her breasts are small but well formed. Her upper body was, and still is, extremely well-toned and her legs muscular as she keeps in great shape bicycling, running and weightlifting.
Although we had been working for the same company, we were in different divisions a few hundred miles apart. After the ceremonial dumping of the new (now old) girlfriend, complete with the "I'd like to still be friends speech," Carrie and I spent as much time we could together the next few months given the long distance. When we finally did sleep together during her third visit, she was an animal. We were in bed the whole weekend, and when we weren't in bed, we fucked other places to include my car, in a secluded back room of a restaurant and in a department store dressing room. I couldn't believe her sexual appetite and couldn't believe she made me wait as long as she did. In discussing it later that week, she had admitted to being a bit promiscuous in the past (an understatement as I learned later) and liked me too much to fall into that trap with me. She made it clear that I was different and wanted to make sure I wanted her for more than sex.
I did.
I lobbied to get her a job with a different company, much to our managements chagrin, closer to mine. That eventually happened; we moved in together and were married a couple of years later. During this time I learned a lot more about my future wife.
Early on we had talked openly (at least I was fully disclosing) about our past lovers and sexual partners. Her "number" was quite a bit larger than mine (at least the number she initially admitted to) despite being 10 years younger, although I had been a faithful husband to my first wife for eight of them. A couple of years after we were married her college roommate (and partner in crime), Jenny visited for a weekend. After a few drinks the stories began to flow. Guys' names were thrown around and it became apparent that there was more to Carrie's past than she had originally thought to mention. The next morning Carrie woke up distant and nervous about what she and Jenny let out during the drunken evening before. I told her that I was fine with it - a bit shocked, very amused, but it had also excited the hell out of me. I actually loved hearing about her ex-lovers and details of their sex. It highlighted the contrast between her and her ultra-religious parents and gave me some insight on the total woman with whom I was in love. She was relieved, but puzzled a bit about my reaction, but in the weeks and months that followed, our sex life, which had settled into the routine, came alive with more passion than ever. Slowly I asked her to tell me more about her past escapades. She was reluctant for a while and shared only little bits and pieces. Finally one night as I pushed her for more, she gave me a resigned look. Then, with a sly smile she said, "are you sure you can handle the whole truth?"
"I think so," I replied. With that she went to a box in the back of our closet. I had noticed it in the past but it was full of older clothes and other knickknacks' and I had paid no attention to it. She dug through it and came up with a diary - actually two full books.
"Most of it is girly feelings stuff but the stuff you're probably interested in starts here." She leafed through it and found the day that her parents dropped her off at college for her freshman year. She had been a virgin all through high school which was in line with her religious upbringing. That very evening, after her parents had left their perfectly innocent and pure daughter, she met two guys, Randy and Trevor at the college kick-off dance. They were upper classmen and very good looking and had some tequila in a water bottle that she helped herself to. She "innocently" went back to their room. They introduced her to the art of pot (the first time she had smoked anything) as well as the art of porn and proceeded to get her more drunk. She ended up losing her virginity to Randy after Trevor passed out. Fortunately for Trevor, she made it up to him the next night.
She wrote a lot about her feelings and why she decided to lose her virginity with total strangers but it had excited her to no end. She loved every minute of it, especially Trevor as they fucked for weeks on end, sometimes in the woods behind the campus. After reading this first entry I paused and asked her more about it. It wasn't so much rebellion against her strict upbringing; it was mostly curiosity and the freedom that being away from home gave her. It was also total pleasure. She discovered in those first weeks in college that she LOVED sex and needed much more of it (as well as pot and alcohol) and it really didn't matter with whom. I read on for the next hour or so. She read with me and guided me past the "boring" parts.
Her freshman roommate did not approve of her new lifestyle (it was a small Christian school) and called he a slut. Jenny wrote that she was offended for about 30 seconds, and then said proudly out loud, " I guess I am." Her roommate was appalled and declared that she could not share a room with such a morally corrupt person. Carrie was amused and soon moved in with Jenny, who had similar "moral" values.
I read on. She wrote of conquests and contests between her and her new roommate. She didn't go into specific detail of each escapade but there were plenty of them to read. Besides the frat parties at a neighboring university, and other college guys at her school, there were professors (although she needed no help academically - she was a 4.0 student), a construction worker who was working on a new building on campus that she lured in like a spider (and then a few days later got his co-worker) and the father of a previous conquest who was visiting his son for the weekend. She even wrote of being bi-curious and acting on it. There was an occasion where both she and Jenny had "struck out" one evening and made up for it by fooling around with each other. They had contests over who could get which guys and then get each other's guy. There seemed to be a rule that if one of them was in a relationship, he was fair game for the other. That way they could tell if he was a "keeper." None, it seems were, but a couple lucky guys got both of them at once. I was trying to keep a mental count of lovers as I read but I lost count in the 40's.
"Did you two really argue over who was the bigger slut?" I asked.
"Yes" she smiled, "We actually loved the reputation and the power it gave us. We became quickly known as the campus sluts, which of course was perpetuated passionately by my first roommate. You wonder why I don't get a Facebook account. I really don't want to 'friend' anyone from that part of my past."
She did assure me that this behavior was well in the rear view mirror. I represented a new chapter in her life which was much more important than her college life. She was not ashamed of her "slut days" as she called them, but just a phase that she had experienced and moved beyond. In fact the diary did show that this promiscuity really only lasted until the middle of her junior year when she settled down with one guy that she thought was "the one"...that was until Jenny "bagged him." She went through and emotional break up with him, stayed celibate and dated no one for over two years, concentrated on graduating and getting a job. That's when she met me.
"What I'm most amazed about, Honey," I told her after reading the final entry, "is how you drank and fucked most nights, were stoned most days, and still graduated with honors." She just shrugged her shoulders. She really is that smart.
She seemed to have sowed her wild oats and admits that being drunk and stoned was at the root of most it. Her actions over the past 17 years have backed up that claim. She only drinks periodically, and on rare occasions has too much, and I've never seen her get stoned. I have no reason to doubt that she has been a loving and faithful wife and mother. She dotes on me and me on her. We have our occasional flare-ups and fights but we are both successful, type A personalities (she more than me) and it's bound to happen. Our love always conquers and we have two great kids to show for it.
That's not to say that there have not been some of those rare occasions where her old self has slipped out just a bit (which by the way, seems to coincides with the rare occasions that she drinks too much). A number years ago, at a friend's 40th birthday blowout bash, she had been dancing with one of our other friends and at one point I left them outside on the lawn. It was dark and I had gone in the house for a beer and was caught up in another conversation when Carrie stumbled in, pulled me aside and planted a huge kiss on my lips and stuck her tongue as far down my throat as it would go. When she came up for air she looked at me and said "I just did that to Steve."
She waited for nervously for my reaction and she was noticeably frightened. I laughed. "Did you both enjoy it?"
"Uh...yes..." she said hesitantly. I guided her hand down so she could feel the bulge in my pants. She smiled in relief and her drunken explanation was - "His wife is such a bitch and I felt sorry for him."
I smiled even more widely "You're right, she is. Go have some more fun. I'll see you in a while." I wasn't sure what "more fun" would entail but my heartbeat raced as I watched her rush back through the crowd as she grabbed Steve and took him in the direction of the side yard. They reemerged 10 minutes later when, from what she said, Steve started to get nervous that his wife would try to find him. They had only done some more making out.
The fact that Carrie immediately revealed her indiscretion to me confirmed that she did not do these things behind my back. I'm pretty sure Steve's wife was not subject to the same honesty.
Over the years we occasionally visited nude or clothing optional beaches, spas or resorts and she has no problem showing off her gorgeous olive skin that tans almost instantly. On one memorable trip to a clothing optional resort in the Caribbean, Carrie and I were lounging by the pool when an older gentleman, an Ivy League professor that we had met earlier in the trip, stopped by to chat. He sat down on a chair at the end Carrie's lounge chair and they began discussing industrial robotics, properties of metals and English Literature (there's that intellect again) while the entire time he gazed up and down her totally nude body. Every now and then my wife would open her legs a bit to give him a strait shot up her then shaved pussy. The professor started the conversation nude but slowly and discreetly (he thought) pulled a towel up over his waist to hide his hard on.
My wife laughed later about how much fun it was to tease the poor guy and she took it further late that evening on the beach, making out with him and playing with his dick under his shorts (she told me they would be there so I could watch from the shadows).
On another occasion we were on a ski trip with four other couples in a large cabin. One of the evenings progressed into a naked hot tub party which consisted of Carrie, one other wife and the five of us guys, including Steve. The three other wives went to bed early disgusted at the direction that the festivities were taking.
The evening progressed with Carrie and the other remaining wife drinking shots and smoking cigars with us and the abandoned husbands (all of us in various stages of undress). She and the other wife would periodically lapse into make out sessions just to tease us guys - she does like teasing. Unfortunately both women passed out before things had an opportunity to get really interesting. I felt sorry for the others, especially Steve. He had had a taste of Carrie's kiss a few years before, but then spent an evening nude with her with no touch and even witnessed her making out with another woman. His own prudish wife won't even let him see her naked, although at about 300+ lbs. it's probably for the better.
Other than the make-out sessions and exhibitionism, there had never been any sexual contacts outside our marriage. Anytime the subject or swinging, threesomes, or swapping came up, it would not go far. She made it clear that she was not interested.
That changed one evening and it all started because of an unfortunate accident, a borrowed dress, and of course, alcohol.
We had received a wedding invitation to her cousins wedding in another part of the country. She had only met this cousin a handful of times when they were young. We were just going to send a card and a gift but Carrie received a full press guilt trip from her mother and we agreed to go. We left the kids with my parents and flew in on a Friday night before the Saturday afternoon wedding. We checked into the hotel and met up with her parents and other relatives the next day. With less than an hour before the wedding we were presented with some news - one of the bridesmaids, another cousin, had been in a car accident. She would be OK but her injuries included a badly broken leg and she could not leave the hospital.
Apparently the bride didn't have that many friends. She had no sisters but wanted a relative in the bridal party so Carrie was asked to substitute. She felt a little weird about it but agreed, but then reconsidered when she tried on the dress that she had to wear. It had been fitted for the other girl who was much bustier than my small breasted wife. There was no time to tailor it as it was less than an hour before the ceremony so she had to make do.
The other bridesmaids did what they could with safety pins and double stick tape but the result was that the plunging v-neck plunged down almost to her stomach making it impossible to wear a bra. She looked like JLo at the Oscars. She balked and said that there was no way she would go out in front of people like that but a couple of glasses of wine and very discreet joint provided by the wedding planner of all people, relaxed her enough and helped her confidence. The bride and the other bridesmaids convinced her. The poor groomsman that walked her down aisle, a teenaged nephew of the groom, could hardly keep his eyes straight as he walked her up the short aisle. He kept straining them hoping to get a nipple shot.
Unfortunately the bride and the rest of the wedding party were not pretty ladies. They were very nice girls but were all very overweight and some downright homely. Carrie stole the show, especially in that dress. The ceremony was fine but Carrie felt bad and was uncomfortable at the reception with all the attention she was getting. Her father pulled me aside and asked me to get her out - he was getting more comments about his "beautiful daughter" than his brother - the father of the bride. We had a drink and some cake and politely made an early exit.
It was a warm summer evening in the south and the venue was downtown. As we walked back toward our parked rental car I began to realize that I could be wasting a perfect opportunity. I would never again get Carrie, my somewhat prudish wife, out in public dressed like this. As we walked past a lively bar I suggested we stop in.
She looked at me horrified, "I can't sit down in a bar with this dress."
"Why not?" I replied. "We're in a city that neither of us has ever been, and will probably never be again. We're far away from home and you will never see any of these people for the rest of your life. Besides, the tape seems to be holding fine so you won't actually be flashing anybody. It's still early and it's an evening without the kids. Plus, think of all the teasing you could do."
After a contemplative pause a sly smile came over her face.
"Those are very valid points." With that we made our way in.
It was a young crowd and bar was filled with professionals winding down after a week at the office. At 50, I was probably the oldest in the bar but Carrie fit right in. We found a dark booth, I got her a couple of shots immediately to get her over her half exposed chest and we settled into a comfortable chat for an hour or so. She was getting constant stares - lustily from the men, rolling eyes or disgust from the women but at that point we really didn't care.
As the evening progressed the bar became a little more crowded. When a live band came to the stage we decided to dance. Carrie danced quite stiffly as the alcohol had run its course and she was beginning to feel self conscience again about her dress and began to talk about calling it a night.
We returned to our table to pay the bill but I excused myself to go to the bathroom (which had a line). When I came out, a well-dressed blond man who looked to be in his late 20's, was sitting with Carrie at our booth with an empty shot glass in front of each of them. The waitress returning with a second round..."Damn, that was quick" I thought.
I stayed back and watched for a while. As the alcohol took its effect, I could see Carrie relaxing more and more. She was laughing continuously and it was obvious that she was very amused by this guy. She was no longer concerned about her dress and I'm pretty sure her new friend wasn't either. After about 15 minutes, I saw him hold out his hand as to ask her to dance. As she was being led out to the crowded floor she looked over her shoulder at me with a shrug and I gave her a big smile and the "go on" wave.
I settled back at the bar and started a conversation with the bartender that had just started his shift. His name was Chris and he was the manager. He noticed that I was watching a particular couple on the dance floor.
"That's Tony." he said.
"Who?"
"Tony - the guy dancing with the lady with the low cut dress." As we watched, they began to dance closer and closer and eventually ended up in a full body dirty dance.
In the middle of the song she turned away from him and rubbed her ass against his pants (and probably hard cock). He placed his hands on the elbows of her upward reaching arms and slid them down her body and quickly over her breasts. He even managed to get his pinky finger under the side of the dress for a quick nipple touch (probably obliterating the double stick tape) before moving down to her waist, and then around back to her ass - a motion he repeated several times, stopping longer around her tits when he thought no one was looking. Sometimes he moved his hands around to the front between her thighs and rubbed his fingers against her clit through the thin fabric of the dress. I failed to mention my wife never wears underwear (and I don't think she owns any), which had been another reservation of her wearing that dress - it was thigh length and she did not have time to go buy panties or hose. She only had the dress, high heel shoes and some jewelry on her body.
Carrie was fairly drunk at this point and seemed to enjoy every minute of Tony.
Chris went on. "Tony is from Canada and comes to town on business once a month and always comes here. He works the room like a master and seems to always get whoever he wants. He targets married women. The chick he's dancing with now - she's got a ring and by the looks of things, he's on his way."
Almost on cue, Carrie, still grinding her ass against his crotch, turned her head and lips up into him. He put his hand under her chin and pulled it to his mouth and a long kiss began that turned into tongues rapidly moving in and out of each other's mouth.
"See." said Chris laughing.
Carrie knew I was watching but from past experience also knew that making out with another guy (or girl) not only didn't bother me but turned me on.
"I wonder if her husband is here." Chris wondered out loud.
"He is." I replied.
"How do you know? Do you know her?"
"I do and it's me." I laughed.
Chris had a puzzled look and then smiled. "Does Tony know you're here?"
"Probably not," I answered.
Chris then asked a curious question. "Does your wife smoke?"
I was surprised by the question but answered, "Yes, well sometimes, usually only if she's been drinking. Why?"
"It's Tony's opening. There is balcony off the dance floor that looks out over the alley. My patrons go out there to smoke. It's legal because it's not technically attached to the building - there is a small bridge walkway in between. His next move will be to ask her out to join him for a cigarette. The porch wraps around but there is a door at the corner that separates the deck. I'm not sure why the door is there since it's just a wrap-around deck but someone decided that there was some need for privacy. Once you go through that door you're pretty much isolated. It's open air but looks right into the side of the building next door.
"Quite a bit happens back there" he said in a matter of fact.
"You should mount cameras back there" I said in a kidding manner.
Chris smiled widely and I laughed.
"They're for security, honest" he said in a mocked innocent voice. "Tell me if (smile) your wife ends up there with Tony. You can come upstairs and watch in my office if you want. You wouldn't be the first."
Chris went back to servicing his other patrons and I watched for a few more minutes. Since Tony had rendered the tape useless by copping feels during their dirty dancing, Carrie was having a hard time keeping her nipples covered, something other men were noticing much to the displeasure of their dance partners. I then saw Tony lean over and whisper something in her ear. My wife nodded enthusiastically and he took her hand and led her out the door to the deck, lifting a couple of drinks off an irritated waitress's tray along the way but she didn't stop him. They obviously all knew Tony.
The door had a big glass panel and I moved toward the back of the room and found a seat where I could see out over the small bridge and onto the deck. Once there Tony pulled out a pack of cigarettes, offered one to Carrie, took one for himself and pulled out a lighter and they shared a light. There were a few others out there and soon after Tony and Carrie arrived a well-built light skinned black man who looked to be just about 21 moved out to the deck. He didn't look like he had any intentions of smoking and I detected quick eye contact between he and Tony. Tony and Carrie spent a few minutes chatting, sipping their drinks and smoking. Just after they lit their second cigarette, Tony took her by her free hand and again led her, this time around the back of the deck where I could see a door open. They disappeared behind it and the black man stationed himself just outside it.
This concerned me now so I had another reason to get to Chris's office to see what was happening.
Chris saw me coming and pointed to the door that led to a staircase behind the bar. He was busy but said he'd be up in a second to turn things on. I climbed the stairs to the office and saw a couple of blank TV screens and it didn't take me long to figure out how to turn things on myself.
There were two cameras and as near as I could tell one was placed in the corner looking down at an angle at a bench, the other directly to the side just above the level of the bench. The bench was wide and the a back was the wood railing. The overhead camera was color but the side camera was black and white. There must have been a flood light because the small area was very well illuminated.
Carrie was sitting on the back of the bench with her high heels on the seat and her back to the open air with the side alley below and a windowless building next door. Tony was kneeling on the seat, his body between her legs, his mouth kissing and licking her now completely exposed tits as the dress had finally given way and fallen to her waist. Chris walked into the office.
"Woaw, sorry, I don't know if you wanted me to see that. I see you figured things out on your own."
"No problem. Stay and watch awhile. I'm OK with it. Many, many men have seen my wife naked so I'm not too concerned about it."
Meanwhile, Tony had pulled out his dick but my wife instead pushed his head down so he had no choice but to reposition himself with his knees on the deck. Carrie pulled her dress all the way down (she was now fully naked) and guided his head to her pussy. After a few minutes I saw the familiar euphoric look on her face, which meant that he had his tongue dancing around her pussy lips. She took a deep inhale of her cigarette and blew the smoke forcefully out as her body shivered in orgasm.
Chris turned a knob. "I have sound too," he laughed as we heard Carrie try to suppress her orgasmic cries, the same muffled sounds she makes when we're having sex and suspect that the kids aren't yet sleep.
Tony immediately moved back up her body but she pushed him back.
"No, I can't do this. I'm married and I have already gone well past my boundaries."
Tony looked up at her. "You mean you're going to leave me hanging?"
She looked down on his now pathetic, begging face and paused for a while. Upstairs, I waited with nervous anticipation of what she would do. On the one hand I was proud that she realized our unspoken limits even in her drunken state (although she had pushed them further than she ever had), and on the other my excitement level was incredibly high and I really wanted to see a glimpse of my wild "pre-me" wife. I'm sure Chris had no dilemma concerning what he wanted to see.
"I guess I can't do that. I suppose that would be pretty shitty of me."
With that she took one last drag of her cigarette, snubbed it out as she moved her nude body down to the seat of the bench and grabbed his throbbing cock. She lifted it with her hand, her bright red fingernails looking very dark over the black and white camera, and slowly blew smoke on him starting from his balls, up the bottom of his shaft and then engulfed the head with her lips, tongue and mouth. The side camera caught it perfectly. It was incredibly erotic and Chris shifted in his seat. "Holy Shit!"
Carrie expertly moved her mouth up and down Tony's cock which was average size, a little smaller than mine from what I could tell. It was the first cock she had tasted since meeting me and my lovely wife was enjoying the change of pace immensely. Tony moaned as she slurped but from the other camera I could also see her red nails reach down to her own pubic area and she began to move it back and forth.
Just as Tony looked like he was about to cum she stopped, looked up at him with a conflicted look. Then in a resolute voice she said "Fuck it. I'm blaming it on the alcohol."
She stood up, sat back on the bench; spread her legs while forcefully pulling Tony's body directly to hers. She wrapped her legs around his torso and pulled him down forcing his cock right into her pussy. Tony pumped with wild abandon and she pumped back just as hard. Within seconds they both shuttered hard as Tony unloaded deep into my wife.
My loving wife, company vice president, devoted mother of two, had just sucked the cock, and then fucked a total stranger (much younger I might add) on the balcony of a bar.
"Holy Shit!" was all Chris could muster again.
Down below on the deck Carrie quickly gathered her dress threw it on and kissed Tony.
"I've got to get going."
"Why?"
"I just do. Thank you so much, it was wonderfully exciting."
With that she scurried for the door. I headed downstairs and found a seat at the bar and sat there like I had been there all night. I saw Carrie hurrying through the crowd in my direction. Chris had followed me down and poured me a half of a beer so it looked like I'd been sitting there for a while.
It was my turn to have some fun.
"I have to talk to you." Carrie blurted out.
"It can wait," I replied. "Carrie this is Chris, he's the manager of the place. He told me about a place off of the balcony that's secluded." Chris nodded as he put out his hand in introduction. Carrie was flustered but shook his hand.
I whispered into her ear, "Honey, I'm horny as hell after watching you dance and make out with that guy. Let's go find that place."
With that I took her by one hand as Chris shoved a drink in her other.
"Wait," she said as I was pulling her away from the bar. "I need to talk to you. I went too far..." I ignored her and she had no choice but to follow. We passed Tony as he was headed back into the bar and I pretended not to notice him.
"Whatever it is, we can talk about it later." I said like a man possessed (which I was). I pushed through the crowd, out the balcony door, past a few smokers and to the door. Interestingly, the same guy who seemed to be guarding the door was still on the balcony.
"Hi" I said. "My wife and I are curious about what's behind that door. The manager said we could go back there. Do you work here?" In the excitement I had forgot to ask Chris if he knew who this guy was.
At the word "wife", the man perked up and made eye contact with Carrie and smiled. Carrie got a scared look on her face but I turned away pretending not to notice. She downed her drink in one swallow.
"No, I don't work here," he said and stepped away. "Please, go right ahead." Out of the corner of my eye I saw Carrie give him that "don't say a word" look. I smiled to myself.
Once behind the door I pulled the dress up and back over her shoulders, fondled her breasts and made directly for her freshly shaved pussy.
"Honey, you don't want to go down there!" she said frantically.
"I sure do."
"No, really, you don't. We need to talk first...I..."
"I'm not passing up a chance to eat another man's cum out of my wife's pussy."
Now I'm not sure where that came from. The thought of doing just that had never appealed to me in the least. I'd heard that some men get off on "cleaning up" their wife after fucking someone else but thought it fairly disgusting and never envisioned myself being that guy. At that moment, however, it seemed like the perfect thing to do.
"You know???"
"Yep - look up. I think it would be somewhere in that planter box."
"A camera?"
"And over to your left - must be between those wall boards."
I went back to her crotch. There was no mistake - man cum was abundant. Tony must have cum like a racehorse. I can't say I liked it but I didn't 'not like' it either.
Carrie relaxed. "And you're OK with it?... kissing is one thing but..." I shoved my tongue far up the canal where Tony's dick had just been minutes earlier. "Oh, you're actually more than OK with it," she stammered.
I looked up and said, "It was one of the most erotic things I have ever witnessed, especially the part where you blew your cigarette smoke from his balls and up his shaft and engulfed his cock in one poetic motion. I was impressed.
"By the way, so was Chris."
I looked up and she was bright red.
"Give a wave and hello to Chris; I think he's probably watching."
She gave a sheepish wave and I went back to my work. Actually, as we found out later, the other bartender Jason was the one watching. He had run upstairs to get something, couldn't help seeing what was happening on the screens that Chris had left on.
I moved up, kissed her with some of Tony's cum on my tongue while I removed my rock hard dick and rammed it into her very wet pussy. It slid in effortlessly - go figure. She moaned, both because it felt good and because of the massive guilt relief knowing that I knew of her indiscretion and was fine with it. I came faster than I ever had before and pulled out and moved away leaving her completely exposed to the camera and whoever was watching.
We lingered a bit and joked with each other before we dressed and made our way back through the door and onto the main deck. We were met by the black guy who stopped us and asked if we had a good time. I smiled.
He turned to Carrie. "Ma'am. Would you like to stay out and join me for a smoke?"
Carrie, who is a much quicker thinker than I, had already figured out his game. "Sure...Honey, go inside and get us a seat and another drink and I'll be there in a few minutes."
I did as I was told and got the same seat I had before where I could see onto the deck. I saw Carrie bum a smoke and a light from another woman since it was obvious her new friend was not really a smoker. He talked to her for a few seconds and came back in and disappeared in the crowd. She finished half of her cigarette, snubbed it out and came in and joined me at the table.
"What was that about?" I asked although I think I was beginning to understand.
"Poor kid thinks he's blackmailing me. He said that he'd tell you all about my rendezvous with the blond guy; ... Gaawed, I don't remember his name..., unless I meet him back there in 10 minutes."
"Did you tell him that I already knew all about it?"
She smiled widely. "Nope."
"You little slut," I laughed.
"Yes I am. Since both you and that guy..."
"Tony" I clarified.
"Right, Tony, only lasted ... like, seconds, I don't really feel that I got a fair deal tonight. I'm supposed to find a way to get rid of you. Go on your merry way. I think you have to go make a business call or something."
"I'm pretty sure there's a quiet office upstairs" I said laughing, and with that I headed toward the bar. Before I left I turned and asked, "Do I have to worry about the old saying about going black?"
She gave me a condescending smile. "Oh Honey, I've already gone black...a few times, and come back. Besides he said all he really wants is a blowjob. Not very ambitious that guy." I chuckled and as I turned I heard her mocking me "By the way, I've also had Hispanic guys, and Asian... and Middle Eastern... " I wasn't sure if she was kidding or not as her diary hadn't necessarily alluded to the race of her lovers. Later she told me that it wasn't completely accurate...the Asian had been a woman.
Chris saw me coming and had another beer ready.
"What do you know about that guy?" pointing to the table where he had quickly taken my place across from my wife.
"Oh, that's Freddie. He's a linebacker for the U. He's really shy and you'd think he'd have no problem picking up women but it's not the case. He made friends with Tony a number of months ago and seems to be content with his sloppy seconds."
I told him how he did it.
"So you're ready to go up and watch another show?" smiled Chris.
"Yep. Wanna come?"
"Not sure I can. It's pretty busy down here. I'll see if I can break away at some point. I think the equipment is still on."
"It is" said Jason as he walked by on his way to the beer tap. We both looked at him and he shrugged his shoulders. Up until that point I had not known that it was he that had watched Carrie and me earlier.
I headed toward the stairs but turned to look out at their table and saw that she had already vacated it.
I bounded up the stairs opened the office door and the TV screens already had "the show" on. Carrie and young Freddie were kissing madly and Freddie had one of his hands inside the dress cupping one of my wife's breasts. Within minutes, the dress that started this whole series of events came off for the third time that evening.
Freddie then began kissing and nibbling on her tits.
Upstairs, Chris bolted through the office door. "What have I missed?"
Carrie moved down and began unbuckling Freddie's belt and then pulled his pants to his knees. Out popped one of the largest monster cocks I have ever seen and the side camera got it in all of its glory. I'm not even going to speculate how big it was. Carrie didn't react. It was obvious that she had "been there, done that" and expected it. She told me later that in her experience, the stereotype is definitely true.
She immediately took him into her mouth and expertly alternated moving her lips back and forth, pulling out and tonguing his balls and shaft. The girl can give one hell of a blowjob. She ran her long nails up his six-pack abs and then digging them in on their way back down. It was all very familiar to me but I had never seen her do it done to someone else and it was wild. She began deep throating that massive cock and I couldn't believe she could handle it all. Freddie couldn't hold out much longer and shot a huge load down Carrie's throat, pulled out and shot more over her face and tits.
He stepped back, out of the sight of the cameras but we could hear him let out a "That was incredible. You can go find your husband now, I won't say a word."
She laughed. "Oh no you young stud, I'm not letting you take that monster dick away yet." She wiped her face and tits with the dress, pulled him back into the camera's view. We then saw her rise, pressing her nude body against his the entire way running her nails over his massive chest and biceps. As she stood up she looked over his shoulder at the camera she winked at us.
Jason had come in to join Chris and I minutes before.
"Do either he or Tony know the cameras are there?" I asked.
"Not as far as I know" answered Chris.
She French kissed Freddie passionately and ran her hands back down to his flaccid, 21 year old dick stroking it until it was hard again, which didn't take long. She turned him around and sat him on the bench and climbed on top facing him. She started with a steady back and forth motion with her small breasts rubbing against his face and protruding tongue. We realized she was only rubbing his cock against her pussy lips (camera limitations) because after a couple of minutes she rose up (way up), reached down and guided the massive member of this kid, who was half her age, into her wet pussy. She moved down slowly while both of them groaned. It took her a few strokes to lower herself completely onto him but as soon as she did I saw the familiar look on her face and her body tightened as her first orgasm rippled through her body. There was a second minutes later and after a few more she lifted herself off, turned around and faced the camera and remounted him. She bounced up and down as he reached around and grabbed her tits and was not long after that when Freddie unloaded his shot of cum into my wonderful wife joining Tony's and mine.
After a few moments she pulled herself off sat on his lap, probably pinching his tired dick between her ass cheeks, and stretched her back over his body. She reached back with her head and found his lips. As she kissed him she spread her legs a bit as if to put on a show for the camera. It was appreciated upstairs and after a few minutes of shocked silence in the office Jason said "My girlfriend won't know what hit her tonight when I get home."
"I just broke up with mine so it'll be just me and my right hand tonight" mumbled Chris. "By the way, who's watching the bar?"
"Jack. He's like Norm on Cheers" Jason said for my benefit. "He's always here and will monitor things for us. I told him we had some pressing business upstairs." And with that he left to go relieve Jack of his "duties".
Chris sighed. "This was by far the best, most interesting, most erotic, and most fun I've ever had since these cameras were installed."
We watched as Carrie dressed and then tongue-kissed Freddy passionately before she left him dazed on the bench. She looked back and winked again at the camera before she made her way out.
"Usually I just get to watch Tony or some other schmuck get a wam-bam-thank you ma'am with a Freddy follow-up. Sometimes a husband or boyfriend come up to watch but none have never felt comfortable with me watching so I go back downstairs... so thanks for that."
We talked some more and I was getting ready to head back down and leave Chris alone with his right hand when Carrie came through the office door.
"The other bartender said you would be up here. Did you both enjoy the show?"
"Actually it was all three of us," Chris blurted but then regretted it.
"Oh, that's why he smiled a lot and was so helpful."
Chris looked up at her. She had her dress on but there was no semblance of neatness. The safety pins were gone and so was the tape. One breast was pretty much exposed. She was holding a cigarette and lighter in one of her hands which she had apparently bummed from Jason.
"He happened to mention that you just broke up with your girlfriend."
"Uh, yes, that's true" Chris stammered.
She looked at me. "Honey, may I?"
"NOW you're asking me?" I laughed.
She immediately kneeled down in front of Chris, unbuttoned his shorts and pulled them to his ankles revealing his rock hard dick.
"I won't subject you to everyone else's cum." She lit her cigarette and performed the same trick she had done on Tony and then went to town licking, sucking and blowing smoke on Chris's dick. After a few seconds she stopped temporarily and turned around and said to me, "I have no problem subjecting you to all that cum since some of it is yours, so get the hell over here."
I hurried over, pulled the dress completely off, the fourth time since it was put on for the wedding, and entered my wife doggy style while she continued to suck Chris's dick. After another minute or so Chris managed grunt out sheepishly, "I really don't mind everyone else's cum."
Carrie looked up, smiled at him, turned 180 degrees barely giving me time to pull out, took a drag of her cigarette and performed the same smoky maneuver on me and then sucked my dick relentlessly with her ass now pointing in Chris's direction. He looked at me.
"Go for it," I said.
Chris entered Carrie sopping pussy. It was one thing to see her fuck another man on a TV screen but quite another to see Chris's cock move in and out of her, live and in living color, a few feet from me. It was what I had dreamed of seeing ever since I listened to her and Jenny that evening many years earlier. It didn't take long for me to shoot my load into her throat and she took it all as she had Freddie's. She then got up, laid down on the floor and pulled Chris onto her, wrapped her legs tightly around him and they fucked missionary style, her black high heeled shoes wrapped tightly around his ass, her red nails of one hand digging into his back with the other clutching the cigarette between her first two fingers with the other two digging into his ass crack, all the while she was kissing him and sucking on his tongue. He increased the pace, tightened his ass and added his deposit to ours.
"Sorry for smoking in your office" she finally said getting out from under Chris. "It's probably illegal and you'll have to call the police."
"I'll let it slide this time."
She got up, walked over to the window, still nude and still in her high heels. She stood there finishing her cigarette, flicking the ashes out the window. She knew she was presenting an image that both Chris and I would fantasize about for years to come. It was a half-length window that looked out onto the street and she got from cheers from a couple guys below as they could see her naked upper body. Jason poked his head into the office.
"Closing time," he announced as couldn't help but stare at Carrie, then at Chris who was sprawled on the floor with his pants at his ankles, his shirt still on and with my wife's juices (and four guy's cum) making his half limp dick glisten. Jason laughed and headed back downstairs.
Carrie finished her cigarette and flicked the butt in the general direction of the guys on the street. She turned back into the room as the guys below booed at her departure from the window.
"Thank you for an interesting but wonderful evening Chris" she said.
She turned to me. "The dress is pretty useless at this point," she observed. I gave her my suit jacket and she put it on and buttoned the two buttons. Somehow she looked even sexier it that than she did in the dress mostly because the coverage was pretty similar. I wadded up the dress and stuffed it in the jacket pocket.
"I think you should send it back to the poor girl in the hospital - as is - cum stains and all," I said laughing at my own joke.
I looked down at Chris. "I'll let everyone know that this is the best bar in town and must visit when they come to the city."
Chris didn't know what to say but smiled as we left him dazed on the floor.
We went downstairs, waved to Jason as the few remaining patrons did a double take at the lady that went upstairs in a dress and came back down obviously naked except a suit jacket with her well-toned legs with high heels protruding below it. It was 2AM and the bars were letting out. We left the bar and had to walk another three blocks to our car. Carrie, as she had since the moment she put on that dress that afternoon, was the object of stares and lustful attention.
When we got back to our hotel room we collapsed in bed but neither of us had had enough. We fucked one more time with more passion and vigor than I can ever remember. Afterwards, I licked more cum stew out of her and kissed her with it. As we lay there before falling asleep I asked, "Remind you of your college days?"
"My God no! That was waaay wilder than any night I've ever had. I've never had more than one man in a night let alone four... and never two at a time."
"Ahhh... that was your first? I'm so honored" I joked.
"You have to promise never to tell a sole...well, I'll have to tell Jenny of course..., but no one else. Promise!! If the kids ever find out through the grapevine when they're older..."
"That their mother is a slut?" I chuckled.
"Why do you think I moved so far away from my college town," she replied.
"Of course I won't" I said earnestly.
"Also," she continued, "don't plan on this EVER happening again. It was a one-time thing."
"OK." This was going to last me a lifetime of fantasies, especially since I planned to e-mail Chris and ask for the recording once we got home.
She continued. "You will again be my one and only from here on out until the day we die. OK?"
"Absolutely!"
We laid there waiting for sleep. Just before I drifted off I heard her say in a barely audible voice, "Although I do still feel sorry for Steve..."