This is part four of a fictional story based on stories my aunt told me years ago. It is not a story about losing virginity, but of a sexual awakening that led to many other sexual firsts for the main characters. All characters portrayed are over 18.
As far as how true the stories are, I can only attest to the fact that nude swimming by males was required as recommended in many swimming pools in the past. The origin of the rules came in 1926, from the American Public Health Association which adopted guidelines about swimming attire that indicated that because fibers clogged filters, bacteria count escalated. Therefore, all males using pools should bathe before entering and not be permitted to wear anything whatsoever, and that female swimmers should only wear suits that were not dyed or had loose fibers. I stumbled onto it one day trying to confirm what I had been told by my parents and other elders. No one knew exactly why but a simple search (males required to swim nude) confirmed this and gave some validity to the stories I had heard related to it. This national guideline was not dropped until 1962. But in some colleges for various reasons, it did not end until the mid-70s.
Some colleges even required that males swam naked at swim meets, while female team members in suits watched and waited to compete in their events. It also confirmed that, in some schools, adult family members of the competitors were permitted to watch them compete. I assume they kept those rules longer as college students are of adult age (18).
Reading at least part one of this multipart series would frame these following parts much better than reading them on their own. We will cut in where my auntie Chrisy left off. The actual stories she told me are told by her in the first person, but any of my dialog will be inItalics, and enclosed in(Parenthesis.)
__________________________
(Time for my monthly visit to auntie Chrisy's place seemed to come around real quick I assume since I was a little ashamed of what I let happen the last visit. Getting naked and a for, and getting a blowjob from an auntie is an event. I did go to see her though, as she was both my favorite aunt, and I look forward to her stories, and yes the thought of another blowjob drew me there. She had promised me a story about how she almost dropped out of school and followed the Dead, but first she brought me up to that point.)
Girls Rebel
Not only did I continue to teach swimming nude with my students. If they had to be nude, why shouldn't I, or you could look at it as to why couldn't I? I also continued to practice and compete with the swim team nude with the other girls protesting in solidarity. The pool was closed that summer to reconfigure it and the pool area in an attempt to make it more of a natatorium. The building was extended on one side and two new shower locker rooms were installed. A dedicated dive pool was added as well. You came in that side of the building, and there was an entrance to the pool and a door to the locker rooms on each side.
This construction could not have come at a better time, I had already considered going home for the summer. Things had hit a rough patch with me and the coach. I cared for him, I loved fucking him, and he was the most experienced lover I had my whole time in college. I have to take some of the blame as I was in control of when and how much. I think the taboo part of him being, older, a coach of my college, and married gave our sex a bigger thrill for both of us.
Looking back instead of adding the freshman 10 pounds by eating to deal with the stress, I chose sex. My willingness and enthusiasm showed when we did have sex caused him to miss read his feelings. Then again, maybe he was in love with me, who knows? I just started to get that vibe from him. He even started to hint to me that he was considering leaving his wife and kids.
Did the coach want me to express feelings I did not share with him? To this day I have never had a better fuck buddy than him, but I was never in love with him. I guess that is why my marriage failed, I expected too much out of it, someone you can cohabitate with is not always someone that can rock your world. The coach rocked it alright, both with his athletic build and big cock that felt so good inside me and with the understanding and support he gave me. I often wonder where he is now, did he stay married? Did he find another student like me to take my place?
Well back to the nude swimming part of the story. Because of the high ceilings that the pool area had already, they were extended over the addition, room for some spectator seating over top of the locker rooms accessed by a stairway. It worked as there is not much seating needed for swim meets. Few parents came for them, especially before the remodel when you stood or sat on removable benches that regularly subjected you to being splashed. The school could not host events because of this, even for a regional meet not much more than a hundred seats were needed. They were certainly not attended by many students.
The powers at be decided to leave the nude swimming for guys rule in place. The board consist of mostly male alumni that wanted to keep the status quo. They did not address any specific rules for COED swim meets. The girls' coach for the swim team did not care much about anything but the swimming, so most decisions were made democratically by us. We held strong to our position to be able to swim au natural during lessons and practice. I also decided to include meets regardless of what rules the opposing school had for their girls. We did however have more battles to fight, we even teamed up with our male counterparts for some of them.
It was the 70s and if our school was going to adhere to the nude swimming rules, now more a tradition than anything, we were going to make them more even. We were one of the few COED schools left with them, it was mostly male schools that held on.
Things came to a head when we had our first meet with a fellow COED school. Ironically it happened to be a school that held on to the males' naked rule, one of the reasons they scheduled us. The problem was that their females were told they must wear their suits. Quite bizarre-looking suits, very modest, and a little bulky for competitive swimming. We had our matching team Speedos, some of us naked showing it all like the boys. Then there were the males, with their not matching penises and their tight bare asses showing. We did all have to wear team swimming caps with school mascot and numbers on them for competitor identification purposes.
Some school officials objected to a few of us females choosing to go nude with the boys, but that was as usual for us. As you could expect, the males on the other team did not object, and I think their male coach's argument was the only one valid. He did not want his guys to be distracted by us naked females, especially when we were diving, but even when sitting on the bench waiting for our events.
The first problem surfaced, during warm-ups, when we joined the boys in the pool naked for some laps. At first, the gathering parents and opposing coaches went silent as they processed what what they were seeing, it caught them off guard. That was until we surfaced, and our bare breasts breached the surface along with us. A mild case of Ooos and Ahhs broke out. We expected a reaction and it was kind of funny looking up at the coaches and parents and seeing their shocked faces. We did not back down, we continued to swim our laps naked with the boys. Those of us doing a practice dive got more attention, seeing us up in the air as we prepared made our breasts and vaginas fully exposed. But why was that any worse than a guy's dick and ball's hanging down? When the whistle blew to signal warm-ups were over, (a rather quick whistle I might add.) We did not hurry as we exited to dry off and sit on the bench with our towels over our shoulders. Yes, it took courage, but we were dedicated to the cause of being treated equally.
Well, a meeting of the coaches, officials, and our athletic director ensued and we gave in some and agreed to wrap a towel around us between our events. Not required by the males who sat on the benches with their penises exposed to all. Keep in mind that this was the first year for both schools to compete in the women's events. So even though our guys were used to being naked during meets, they were not accustomed to seeing girls that way. They were going to have to adjust just like we had to, many had towels on their laps hiding their growing penises, some towels tenting more than others.
Word was out that the girls' team for the opposing school was upset. That turned out to be the biggest surprise because it was an issue with their school's rules that bothered some of them. I guess it proved that attitudes were changing nationwide with us women. They had several girls that agreed with the equal agenda we were showing and wanted to honor the rules in place at the host school. They had brought a little larger team and had 6, two more students that we had that were going to be naked with us, in protest, solidarity, who knows. It forced their coach to give in and go with our rules.
Once this issue was settled we ended up with us 4, and 6 girls on their team totaling 10 naked for the meet. I felt that this was the beginning of the end of all the nude rules, the freedom to choose was probably not going to fly in the long run.
Their nude girls were more hardcore and refused to cover themselves so neither did we. You would think there would be no more surprises right?
There was one more, well I guess you can call it two of the most unanticipated surprises after the first race, and their suited girls finished behind both our nude and suited ones. They blamed the losses on their bigger team suits, of heavy material and bulkier than ours. It was not valid, as I won that race nude, with my big tits that would have slowed me down from not being held down by a suit.
The solution for them was the biggest surprise, their team met with their coach and then voluntarily stripped off their suits, every one of them. Yes, girls are just as competitive as guys, as our remaining suited team members stripped off their suits then, and so did our female coach in solidarity. They had a male coach, he was reluctant, I guess it would be a tougher decision for him. But since our coach did, he did and had not just a fit body, he was hung better than most of our swimmers. He probably struggled with excitement problems like his swimmers, but was more mature and able to deal with it. He seemed to stay focused and only was showing a firm penis protruding in an arc. It was probably a bigger risk for him, as a random hardon that he could not get under control might just have cost him his job.
As far as the competitive part of the meet went, once a few events for each team were run, our competitors just went on like we normally would have. The small crowd in the stands shifted down toward the diving pool though. It was hard to tell if the cheering was for the dive or the body of the person performing it. For a lot of them, like the freshman and some of their parents, this was their first meet seeing anyone nude at a meet.
I think it did affect some performances, standing naked on a diving board for the first time in front of a mixed crowd of spectators was tough for me. My mom and dad were in the stands for this one. I warned them, but by the looks, on their faces, I don't think they believed me. They stuck it out, but I could tell my dad was trying not to look at me. Every time I looked his way he would turn his head in a different direction, especially when I was diving. I think me being naked in front of my father as a grown develop daughter gave us both some mixed feelings. I took some pride in showing him that I was a woman now, and I was proud to show him my breast had developed as well as they did. I confess, some of the feelings I had were strangely erotic. I guess in honesty, I wanted to look and feel desirable to all men, maybe even especially him. Dad was a breast man, growing up my mom was always yelling at him for looking at women's breasts. Not sure if anyone noticed, but my nipples were hard almost the whole meet, it is out of your control.
For some guys, it was a different story, like us, especially for the diving part. I watched this cute guy that I noticed had what appeared to be a small penis as he walked from the bench to the board. By the time he had climbed the board and was getting ready to dive, he was pretty hard. A guy with a hardon standing on the end of a high dive stands out. I think he realized that and maybe dove before he was ready, he made a pretty big splash, not good by judgment guidelines. Once he hit the water and was swimming to the side, he was relaxed.
It was not until the awards ceremony that things got a little, well for lack of another description, strangely enjoyable for all.
First of all, our male Athletic Director awarded all the medals, and I can tell you with me, that he carefully navigated around my Double D's to put mine around my neck. Secondly, no one told either team that hugging a fellow student after he/she got their medal was not a good idea. We knew, but can you blame the guys, or us for wanting to hug the opposite sex naked? Our hard nipples did not show up to the crowd, but the boys, well, some ended up with erections as we hugged them. We did not complain, in fact, it just led us to hug the others, and got some more of them hard. No better way to congratulate you after a win than to have a guy's cock pressed against you, or for him to have your breasts against him as his hard cock went between our legs parting our slits. The few students that were still there enjoyed it, but it was not a hit with some of the parents, and I am sure not some the powers at be.
I have to give credit to our coach, she was still naked, and when the opposing coach offered his hand to her, she showed solidarity with her team and hugged him. Her hug was quite long I might add, but then that might have been her motive, he was an attractive looking male that looked well hung. In fact, we got a pretty good confirmation of the size of his manhood, he did not hang around after that hug. Some of us girls could not help but giggle as we watched him get a hardon, and headed to the locker room.
Once word got out that we had held a naked swim meet, our crowds grew. Word got around if it was a school that they thought would be nude with us. It is amazing how news travels because our next one had a capacity crowd, more students than parents. Kind of like when male students would cruise us on our way from our original locker room to the pool. I would have thought the school would have been happy about that school spirit that was present. After that our meets continued to draw more than in past years, but each one was less attended than the last. Some people only stayed part of the meet, swimming is a boring spectator sport even if you are there for the nudity, it is in a different context after you see it a while. Then there is the chlorine back then, it would be in the air, and burn your eyes after a while.
(I could tell the swimming part of the story had run aground for my auntie, so I suggested that we smoked some of the pot I brought at her request. I was not a pot smoker then, but I was willing to try it to get more stories from her. We did and after I filled the bowl and we smoked the second, I could see a change in her. She did not even tell any sexual stories to get horny, but she was, I know her horny, she sucked my cock the last trip after drinking wine and telling fuck stories.)
(I was anxious to hear and asked her to tell the story about traveling with the Dead she promised me. She hesitated to start and I could tell she wanted something from me in return. She was horny and admitted it. Not only that, but she told me that there would be a lot of sex, drugs, and nudity in that part. She had motives and told me it would be better told if she could see me nude, it might help her recall all of it. In truth, my auntie loved my body, and I could not deny wanting to show mine to her. I wanted to see both her double D's and her pussy at one time, and I agreed under the condition that she joined me naked this time. I told her I had already seen her breasts, and some flashes of her pussy the last visit. I told her that it would help me in understanding the mood when this all happened, she hesitated again, I know she thought I would look at her as old, but she agreed to my terms to get me naked. So then we were both stoned, naked and still working on the wine.)
("OK," she said, "This seems to have set the mood for me, I know a lot of people would judge me for feelings of arousal I get while telling these stories to my nephew. Truth is you are so hot, and when naked you and my stories cause an erection, it turns me on to no end. You remind me of some of the guys I fucked that summer when I was your age. But My God, please don't deny me the chance to at least suck that big cock of yours later, I have pleasured myself to that memory many times.")
(Then she started to get back to the story, and none to soon I think. I was almost fully erect, and did not try to hide it. My auntie's complements added to my excitement.)
Joining the Deadheads
It all started when I went to my first concert with some friends from high school, I met them there, as I was still living in the dorm, I had taught some early summer classes. I agreed to teach some kids to swim in return for the free dorm cost and a food allowance, and yes I wore my suit for that as it was appropriate around children. It was as good as any other summer job I could get back then.
We met there and I was faced with the decision, to take or not some peyote someone brought from New Mexico. I knew little about it and had only smoked pot a couple of times. It fucked me up so bad I lost track of my friends and did not care. At Dead concerts you tended to make new ones easily, everybody was fucked up on something.
I woke up naked the next morning in a tent pitched behind an old school bus repurposed by some Deadheads. I was between two guys, also naked of course, and I guess I fucked them both most of the night before. My little pussy was sore and oozing cum that morning. There was another girl there with them, so then there were four. She was sweet, she gave me a tie-died shirt, which was what they sold to pay expenses. I had no ride back to the school, and no desire to anyway.
I had to make a quick decision, I did, and I was on the bus going to Peoria for the next gig. At the next gig, it was acid that I tried, you just went with anything available. There was always Quaalude's to bring you down afterward. It was Tina, Roy, Lou, and Chrisy. I used my short name with them. Tina and I hit it off, she had this awesome pussy, it was nearly bald and delicious, yep that is when I did my first girl. Nobody belonged to anyone was one of the rules we had. You were welcome to do anyone you wanted, but no running off our hiding to do it. I was glad I had some exhibitionist experience, I needed it to eat a pussy for the first time in front of the two guys with us. I kind of miss the girl-to-girl stuff, especially since I found I like fucking men better than living with them.
(That paragraph caused her to spread her legs and finger herself a little as she continued. I can't say it did not have an effect on me. I was hard and I decided to play with myself enough to make her not feel alone, and maybe encourage her to masturbation as well. That was a mistake as far as hearing more stories was. We both seemed to like what we were doing better than telling or hearing the story, it could wait.)
(Her nearly forty-year-old pussy was looking good to her much younger nephew. Soon my cock was in my aunties mouth again, and I was interested in maybe taking a shot at eating her out. I had girlfriends and had already tried eating pussy a couple of times at that point in my life, but I was about to have my first real 69. It did not last too long, I thought I was doing OK, everything down there looked the same, it was just upside down. But auntie was not getting much from it.)
(It is not like my auntie not to be upfront with a guy as far as sex goes. She let me know, and I ended up on my knees at her request and taking a pussy eating lesson from my auntie. There was more to it than I thought, she showed me how to find a clit, and how to stroke it with my tongue as I fingered her. It was not long after that when I felt her knees pressing against the sides of my head like a vice. She had quite an orgasm, and was pleased with my work enough to return the favor.)
(My auntie recovered and concentrated on my cock. She was the first woman to give me the impression that she liked what she was doing as she sucked it, and not just doing it for my sake. We changed positions, and she was down below me looking up. She did things to me I did not know women would do at that point in my life. Video porn was out, but the internet was not available, just AOL and some still photos being traded on a slow connection. She had her tongue in my asshole, and I loved it. Then she got to swallowing it like she did the first time, this time she was holding it longer, less wine, and more pot improved her performance.)
(While she was doing it I did not want her to stop. All good things must come to an end, and I could not hold my cumshot any longer. She was the first to suck me off to climax and take the load in her mouth and swallow it. I pretty much decided that I was going to fuck her, maybe not then, or that night even, but knew I would eventually get the courage to make the move needed.)
(We took a break, smoked another bowl, and told her I was sure I would stay hard if she resumed telling the story. I tended to my cock, as she did to her pussy as she resumed.)
I was enjoying myself with my tribe following the tour. I liked having sex with Tina, girls sex is different but special in its own way. What I loved was bi threesomes, mostly FFM's as I could get the best of both sexes. Our two males were straight, but having two men at once I already knew was special. Sometimes it was all four of us for a mini orgy I guess you would call it.
There were always parties in the campgrounds that would pop up at the venue. I learned then that our little tribe's rules about sex were shared. It was not unusual to see a couple or group start having sex around the campfire in front of others. Sometimes we would combine with another tribe like ours for a romp right in front of everybody else. It was an exhibitionist like myself moist dream. It sometimes involved some bi-sex on some males' part, but only, as in blow jobs. Nothing wrong with it then, or now as far as I am concerned. Others in the crowd did not always share that feeling, some things never change. Homophobia will always exist among the ignorant. I thought I could do or handle anything while fucked up in that crowd. I later found out I was wrong.
I fell for one of the roadies, not in love, I fell for his, cock, his line and his sexual prowess. He shared some exhibitionist tendencies, he liked fucking me in front of his friends, and so did I. I always thought they looked like they wanted to jump in, and found out later I was right. He promised to get me in to see the band, and maybe even set me up to fuck one of them. Even a bad fuck from a rock star was something you thought was a lifetime achievement. It worked, it got him some public blowjobs and fucks with him. I even agreed to suck his buddy while he was fucking me. I think that gave him the idea I would do about anything he wanted.
It was not until I actually had a fuck with him and some other roadie friends before I caught on. It would not have been so bad if it was not done for him to win a bet with his buddies. I made the mistake of walking around topless with him one hot day. I was not the only girl doing it, but I was with a roadie, and not with my friends. We were both pretty stoned and he dared me he to get naked for a bunch of his friends. Well I was not going to unless he did, and that is how it started I guess. Now that was unusual even around the crowd of crazies. Not that it did not happen about every concert, but during, and people that had any kind of sex usual had at least a little cover.
So there we were stoned and naked, why not suck his cock? Well, the choice to go along with him on doing it on the newly erected stage was the worst part of what was bad judgment. What I did not know was that this was all a setup for him to win a bet with other roadies.
He bet them that he would find a girl that would take a train on the stage after they had it set up for a show. It was not in front of the masses, but there was always a good crowd of deadheads around at setup, probably 100 or more, some were paid to help.
As I blew him, a crowd of roadies gathered, he fucked me first, then I did not object as a couple of his friends joined, then I was surrounded by naked roadies waiting their turn as they fluffed themselves. Even though I liked having that many guys taking me in front of people that were cheering,I knew it was stupid, I was just too fucked up to care right then.
I am ashamed to tell you this next part, but I promised to tell you this story, so I can't leave this turning point out.
I was up on the stage on an old mattress naked, sometimes doggie with my double D's hanging down as I was being fucked and sucking cocks, an unusual sight even in that crowd. I liked looking out from the stage as I was sucking cocks, being fucked by cocks, and taking a cumshot after cumshot on my body. A lot of the cumshots came from the deadheads that were temporary, hired to help the roadies. Well, they helped them alright, some naked, some only naked from the waist down, but all of them were fucking or just jerking off a load on me. I liked the feel and visual of it at first but once your entire body is covered in cum you would think someone would stop them. It was not until one of them turned me over so that he did not get cum on himself as he fucked me from behind until I was rescued.
My tribe finally showed up at the stage and somehow recognized it was me, one of them. They came up and wrestled me away from them, not an easy feat. There was no real resistance, but try picking up even a 100-pounder that is coated and slick from all the cum.
That was the end of that, lesson learned. I vowed not to fall for any more roadies or anyone on a tour of free love. I left for home as soon as I could get the funds together.
That summer I could only describe as a school of hard knocks, hard cocks, and cum. I sucked and hosted a lot of them. It was getting old, well, let's just say I knew it would get old, even though it seemed like I could never get enough cock. It was already just sex for sex's sake, not once did anyone get me off as you did a while ago, or like I was getting off with my guys and the coach at school. They were special, and you have always been special to me, your hot young body and hard cock have just been the icing on the cake. I guess what I am saying is, that I would never try to force you into something you did not want. But for the record, this pussy is yours to fuck whenever you want it.
We at least have to take a break so I can have some more of your cock. If nothing else let me fuck my pussy with my toy as you face fuck me with a real one. I am just dripping, and look at yourself you look pretty stiff, and are showing some precum, you're ready to go again, aren't you?
(Well our minds were back on each other's sex again at that point. She clearly liked having that train run on her at the time, as telling me about it caused her to open her legs showing me her shaved pussy the whole time. I had to take her statement, "If nothing else face fuck me," as her offering her pussy to me. I wanted it, but she was my aunt.)
(I said, "Well auntie, this is probably the most taboo thing I have ever done, but this hard cock is forcing me to accept your offer. This young nephew of yours is just as anxious to fuck his auntie, as she is to be fucked.")
(She had a hot tub in the backyard built into the deck, the house was the only good thing she got from my uncle in the divorce. She took me by the hand and we grabbed towels and headed out there. It was not private, it could be seen by a few upper floors of neighbors homes if they were looking. We would not be in the open either, so I agreed to join her there.)
(We took a full bottle of chilled wine and stayed in until we got a little pruney and a lot fucked up. Being naked with my auntie was even more taboo in the backyard. To this day I don't think I have ever been that turned on with a woman my age. I walked out there with my cock so hard I might have caught it in the sliding door. I was so turned on I would have agreed to anything, and did. Once she sucked my cock as I sat on the side of the tub we knew it was time to get out. I was spread out on a lounger on her deck as my auntie sucked my cock some more. She looked so good naked down below me, I wanted her bad. She stopped long enough to tell me she had an apple tree in her yard and she always wanted to fuck in the grass under, like she used to with the Deadheads. Yep, I agreed to that too.)
(I wanted to drag a lounger out, but no she wanted to just walk out naked to do it in the grass.We found out then that grass and some rotten apples did not make a great place to fuck, but I fucked her there anyway. One thing I found with her was no matter what happens during sex, she is not afraid to laugh about it, she taught me that sex should be fun. In this case she stopped me, reached down, and pulled a half-rotten apple out of her butt crack, we cracked up. If neighbors heard us, it was not our fucking, it would have been the laughing. She was such a good fuck though, she appreciated a guy's effort, she did it verbally and by latching on to me tight as I pounded her middle-aged pussy.)
(It was a special feeling being inside her as I could feel my orgasm building. I had started kissing her, and had my chest pressed against her breast when I came hard in my auntie's pussy without a condom, it was a cumshot I will always remember for sure. We took a shower and then I joined her in bed. My morning wood was too good for her to pass on I guess, and I woke up with my cock in my auntie's mouth. Once she saw I was awake, she rolled off me and spread her legs again. We fucked until we had to stop and laugh from hearing each other's belly's growling in hunger. I spent the day there, and found out she still had quite a sex drive. I also had my first anal sex ever with her later that day. Yes, I fucked my auntie in the ass, I hit all her holes that visit.)
(That was the last Story I got out of her, but not the last time I slept with her. We no longer needed the stories to get worked up, whoever was horny would just get naked. She was teaching elementary school and had that summer off as I did, idle time led to a lot of sex in about every room of the house, and sometimes in the hot tub or on the deck outside. I learned a lot from her, and I am guessing I gave her another summer to remember, I just hoped she kept that particular story to herself.)