Tuesday Morning...
"Moaning Mrs. McKellen."
Walking the halls before school on her way to meet her routine lover Coach Roman Crandell, Josie McKellen was on fire. She actually felt like a runway model in her borrowed tea green textured mini dress with spaghetti straps on her shoulders to hold up the thin material, buttons down the front. In the proper lighting the triangular gap between her legs and thighs could easily be seen, even behind the tiny buttons holding it together.
Cleavage as amazing as it was the day prior, she thrived on each jiggle of her stroll. After her liberating show yesterday during her classes, primarily first period she found herself more in tune with her students. Those that knew exactly what she did in class were playfully respectful, not a peep from Carl Manley gave her hope that none of them were talking to others about her. Thankfully a few new revelations last night from Carl's son Jesse about his Father gave her a more relaxed composure. Nerves still there but arguing adrenalin spikes shoved them aside.
She had a lot to lose over what she was doing. Of age students or not she was breaking the rules of student, teacher interactions. Not that she had fucked any of them, but her thoughts were certainly open to it. Her bestie, the school's new Counsellor Piper Cherry had bonded with her in ways that had brought out a nympho gene that just couldn't be contained. Her husband Henry, hell her lover Roman just weren't enough to satisfy her wiles. Risks would continue to be taken, her soul would not allow her to retreat.
"Good morning Logan. Ready to read some Willy?"
"Ready to shake my spear. Oh, right William...Willy...I'll shake that too."
"I won't tell if you and the others don't." She bats her eyes in passing.
"Panties today?"
"See for yourself?" She turns her back to him and faces an entire hallway of students, no one really focused on her at the moment. Logan slyly lifts her short skirt and sees only her tight heart shaped ass, no G-string slingshot bands anywhere.
"Can I rub it?"
"Be quick about it." He uses both hands and enjoys her soft cheeks, boasting a hard on from hell. She steps away from his reach the second students began shooting attentive looks their way. He groaned but she knew that prolonged touching would end badly. "I'll see you in thirty minutes Logan."
"I'll be right behind your behind."
She merely smirked and moved on, other students that had seen her flashing yesterday joined in greeting her on another bright and sunny day. The thrill of seeing how hopeful they were only stoked her future endeavors. She really needed to talk to Piper about things, she not only dared Josie to start wearing short somewhat revealing dresses but to forego bra and panties. Now that she had lived out her first day, her second day was that much more clear, Josie had to show off even harder.
Added to her desire was the fact that she let her favorite flirter Reese Teller eat her pussy between classes, shared with Piper's tongue herself. Going straight home yesterday wasn't easy, but her nerves were too on edge from what she and Piper had done. Passing on her usual meet with Roman wasn't normal, but she asked for a raincheck. He was fine with it as long as she agreed on a morning rendezvous. She wholeheartedly agreed.
The shows and her fingering herself in class just weren't enough. Today would likely be a repeat performance. With the thoughts of what her boy toy Reese had said outside by the FrankFurther's food truck she had a hunch she was going to get some from him. That fantasy was long overdue. Reese was a dreamboat for certain.
Not even Henry taking her to bed almost right after she got home yesterday and fucking the holy hell out of her satiated her needs. Only discussions of certain skeletons in her closet still hiding their keys prevented her from demanding more. That however would have meant ignoring her kids. If she only knew they were trapped right under their bed during the entire sexual encounter, overhearing far more than they should have, her heart might have broken. She was doing her best to keep an even balance between parenting and private lives, but her sexual appetite was consuming her. Today, it was even worse.
"I have to hurry and get in a quickie with Roman. I'm so wet I might leave a snail trail on the floor." She giggled and made her way toward the gym. Having spotted her, a number of Roman's boys on the football team knew exactly where she was headed. Maintaining a distance three boys Darryl Priest, Toby Mellon, and Angus Furlong followed her downstairs until she entered his office and locked his door behind her. Feeling safe now that she was inside they crept up to the door to listen in. Sure enough they heard the Coach compliment her on her dress. Josie in response saying, "Fuck me Handsome." The boys found it amusing. Seconds later she was moaning up a storm to Roman's guttural grunts of excitement.
"Coach is tearing that pussy up." Darryl whispers.
"That should be us." Toby added, hiding his laugh. "I bet that sexy ass Counsellor is louder."
"I bet Dakota sounds just like her Mom." Angus smirked, "I can't wait to rob that bitch..." It was in that moment of saying "Rob!" that reminded him of his girlfriend Robin Banks. Yes that was her name. He really needed to break up with Robin to satisfy Dakota that he was sincere, but he liked them both. Hell, he liked a lot more girls than just those two. A player at heart, not just on the football field.
While Robin was cool, yet almost a mean girl, she might actually work with him on a sucker punch he thought. Maybe just maybe he could persuade Robin to act as if they had broken up and remain his girl behind the scenes. Angus was on to something. Robin although hot was not all that brainy.
"She's having an orgasm." Darryl paused to listen to Josie.
Angus perused the idea that he could quietly use Robin to get Dakota, but perhaps on the opposite hand use Piper to nail Dakota's Mom. His dick was humongous just picturing it all. "I have an idea for after school."
"It's called Detention with Blondie. Didn't we agree to gang up on her first day covering Detention?" Darryl gripped his crotch envisioning the crazy Counsellor they all wanted a piece of, her flirty teasing in the halls driving their hormones insane.
"Dammit! You're right. Okay, let's skip Detention tomorrow and plan on something with Mrs. M. We all know Josie comes to see Roman before and after school." Angus plotted, "I say we sneak back here and when the time is right we get Josie naked ourselves."
"I did hear rumor she was showing off yesterday like Piper." Toby relayed, obviously she had someone in her fold that was not as respectfully quiet as Piper's pack, "I wish I had a class with her to know for sure."
"Find somebody in her class that knows and have them video her, I gotta see her." Darryl needed answers. A deafening snarl let them in on Roman's finale, her squeals only adding music to their ears. Knowing that in minutes Josie would have to head back up to class the trio raced to the stairs, going up to the gymnasium. Prepared to make it look as if they were coming down to see their Coach, they timed their backtracking perfectly. The second Roman's office door opened they began talking about sports and heading her direction. Josie hadn't heard them immediately and was actually adjusting her skirt outside the door as Roman saw her off.
"Hey Mrs. M." Angus smiled warmly, "Wow! That dress is...pretty." Roman already suspected they knew what he and Josie had done. Josie in reply feigned a blush and sheepishly placed her chin on her shoulder.
"You like?"
"Fucking love it." Darryl boasted.
"I'm glad Principal Manley allowed more freedom in clothes. Too bad it's only Wednesday's for the students. I only hope the girls around here take notice of how you and Counsellor Cherry dress." Toby voiced his opinion.
"Expect plenty more of this kind of dress, I feel...very free in it."
"You look free."
"What do you knuckleheads want?" Roman grumbled.
All three hesitantly point at Josie then retreat as if posing thoughts. Josie flared her eyes at their obvious lust, using a loss of temporary memory as an excuse. Finally Angus broke the trance. "Can we use the workout room after school tomorrow Coach? Gotta get buff for the ladies." He shared an already sizable bicep for Josie. She likey! Of course, it did dawn on her that her eldest daughter Dakota had a crush on Angus. She could see why, he was ruggedly handsome.
"I'll leave the door unlocked. Just lock it back up when you morons are done. Don't bother me after school tomorrow, I got...things to do." He winked at Josie.
"Quiet as a mouse Boss." Darryl spoke up.
"I have to get to class. Talk to you later Roman." Josie kept her composure so that the boys did not suspect anything, in her heart she knew they did. Until knowing for sure she remained cautious.
"I'll talk to Ruth for ya, about Counsellor Cherry's cheerleading schedule." Roman added his own mask of concealment. Piper already had that covered but he didn't have anything else in mind as an excuse.
"Good! That way I can talk with Piper about it, being her first week here. That, and give my daughter a heads up."
Angus smiled thinking, "I'd love to give Dakota a heads up." Even though he knew through talking to his girlfriend Robin that Josie referred to Sable McKellen her youngest. Piper had requested Sable join the squad. That was almost laughable but nobody was going to make fun due to keeping Piper Cherry happy. They needed the blond bombshell to trust them one hundred percent.
Stepping around the boys Josie headed upstairs with an expression of hopefulness that the triad of young men were looking at her behind, even more following her. After a thirty second head start the boys waved at Coach Crandell and told him they needed to get to class too. He merely grumbled and stepped back into his office.
Giving Josie time to climb a few more steps the boys got a glimpse up her skirt to see her butt cheeks. On purpose Josie halted at the top of the stairs and acted as if her heel was bothering her. One hand on the wall, the other lowered while bending slightly to remove her heel. She knew her skirt would rise a bit more under her downward reach. Sure enough another stunning inch of her well tanned cheeks exposed themselves. Fiddling with her shoe a bit with both hands she stood there waiting to see if the boys would pass by her or linger until she was done. Unsure she dared to peek over her shoulder and say, "Sorry! New heels, they're a bit shifty in the strap."
"No problem." Darryl spoke, "Ladies' first always. We've got a minute take your time."
"There's room to go around me."
"Rather not." Toby grinned, "Beauty before age they say."
"Aww! That's sweet of you Toby." She bends down and puts her shoe back on the floor allowing them an even higher rise of her skirt, this time her clam winked at them for the length of time it took to put her heel back on. She heard all three boys mumble incoherently. Once done Josie stood tall the skirt slipped back down. "All better. I won't hold you boys up any longer. Have a good day."
"Oh we will." Angus chuckled. All three young men were held up in more ways than one. Dicks were mighty high.
They followed her all the way from the gymnasium where students were entering for P.E. and down the first level hallway as she headed toward her class. She stopped multiple times to chat with students and Teacher's alike, always aware of her surroundings. Even when hugging her daughters she maintained a teasing posture.
"There's Dakota." Angus thought seeing her back to them, "No cami today." He recalled her camisole the other morning, one that her Mother told her to only wear on Wednesday's when the Principal okayed a more openminded dress code. Yesterday she was wearing a button down shirt wide open all day long proving she wanted to be noticed. Oh, she was noticed alright. Even Angus had a good healthy look, but chose to play coy to keep her from presuming he only wanted her for sex. That was exactly what he wanted, but he kept it cool until she trusted him.
Today Dakota was wearing white stretch pants similar to the black pair she had on yesterday, with a yellow button down shirt that touched her hips all around hiding sixty percent of her butt. The whole fingertip dress code rule was never enforced heavily anyway as long as the female students didn't get too risque in their choices. Wednesday freedom was going to be interesting with new Counsellor Piper Cherry getting away with murder in her own attire. Josie McKellen as well.
"Gotta go guys."
Leaving his buddies Angus found his way to Dakota's side, once her Mother moved on toward her first period class. Dakota noting Angus on his way toward her shyly lowers her gaze biting her lip. She was infatuated with the handsome jock but was trying her best to play her desires at arms length. Even though she had made a friendlier eye contact with his girlfriend Robin the day Piper Cherry was hired, there was still the worry of pissing the girl off. With Robin and the cheerleaders coming over to Piper's after school she stressed even harder fearing confrontation at her own home. She even kept her shirt buttoned up today to ward off her nerves. Angus wanted to talk. So did she...ever so awkwardly.
"Hey Kota."
"My daddy calls me that."
"I like it more than your full name. I just...like you."
"Thanks. I...have you talked to Robin?"
"No. I know it looks bad but she's got problems at home and I don't want to make matters worse for her by breaking up short notice. Can we...be friends until I can effectively free myself up?"
"I'd like that." She blushes.
"Me too. I wish we had classes together."
"I'm always here in the hallway."
"You look nice. Love the leggings."
"They're tight in the wrong places." She giggles.
"There's not a wrong place on this beautiful body." He lowers his gaze with swagger, noting as she lifts her shirt a bit to share in a faint cameltoe. Like her Mother, Dakota McKellen loved to tease in much smaller doses. Now she almost wanted to unbutton her shirt. Dang hormonal urges.
"I...didn't leave my shirt unbuttoned. You...didn't say anything about it yesterday. How come?"
"Trying to prove to you I'm a gentleman I guess. I'm sure it's hard enough to trust me because of my rep, that and Robin."
"You have a rep?" She blushed with skepticism , "Noooo!"
"I know, I've dated lots of girls. It comes with being a Quarterback. I'm...trying to change my ways. If you don't trust that I understand. Like I said...friends."
"Yep!"
"For the record?" He winks at her, she tilting her head inquisitively, "It was hell keeping my eyes up when I helped you pick up your things yesterday. I..."
"Liked my tits?"
"You know I did." He melted and attempted a blush, not his color though.
"These?" She dared to unbutton her shirt to taunt him further." Boys all around them salivating at each button being released.
"Awww maaan! Don't do this to me Kota. I'm trying to show you..."
"And, I'm trying to show you...that it's okay to look."
"Daaaamn! You have guts McKellen."
"I think my guts are down here aren't they?" She unbuttons her shirt completely letting it fan wide enough for a full shot from neckline to the waistband of her stretch pants. Pointing below her belly button at her skin. Gritting his teeth he stepped in closer to her and gallantly buttoned her back up to the halfway point.
"Let's meet halfway here okay? Love it, but I need you to like me for me Kota."
"Same here." She unbuttons one button lower than his fingers making him back off.
"Okay Miss Belly Dancer. I won't try keeping it cool anymore. Yes I love your fucking tits."
"You haven't even seen my nips."
"Oh, I saw them when your shirt fanned open while picking your stuff up yesterday."
"Oh, right!" She giggled, "I guess you did. So did Principal Manley...so creepy."
"He's gotta be a perv. He didn't tell you to button up did he?"
"No." She looked puzzled, "He didn't. I think it's because he's friends with my Mom. Although, she didn't bitch me out over it so he must not have mentioned it. Even creepier." She bulges her eyes.
"Sounds like it. I have to get to class, so do you. Try not to turn on too many guys."
"Jealous?"
"Maybe." He chuckled and went on to class. So did Dakota, she did leave her blouse open. She really wanted to see boys drooling over her.
********
Piper Cherry found her way back to the Teacher's lounge to find her handsome Science guy Roger Dundee sitting alone with Spanish Teacher Kevin Fowler. No newspaper in Roger's hands this time just his morning coffee. Wearing a red button down dress with tiny white flowers today, much like Josie's, but still incredibly short, she entered behind Kevin, and quietly stood up close to him, her hands in her long dirty blond hair. While secretly hiding there she chose to dance seductively. Her eyes locked on Roger, his on hers she blew him a kiss. He blew one back, only Kevin scowled thinking he was doing it to him. Realization made Kevin shrink in his seat.
"She's behind me isn't she?"
In just that withheld breath, Piper leaned forward giggling and hugged the weaselly looking Teacher from behind.
"Morning Mister Peabody." He shivered in her grasp, her hair tickling his cheek.
"Why do you call me Mister Peabody?" He nervously patted her forearm.
"Peabody and Sherman? You don't remember those old cartoons?"
"She's calling you a geeky dog, Kev." Roger chuckled.
Singing seductively in Kevin's ear he trembles, "And, they called it Puppy Love. I guess I'll never Knowles. Where is Dewey by the way?" She stood up straight and rubbed Kevin's back, "You know you want me Kevin."
"Dewey's probably in his classroom already." Roger pointed out, "I hear you dance a mean waltz."
"I prefer slow dances. Horizontally speaking!" She trails her fingertips along the edge of the circular table until facing Roger from the side. He hadn't budged an inch, his legs under the table but slouching in his seat. Eying his crotch she looks at Kevin slyly, "Time to get foggy." She combined her thoughts on froggy with the prediction of his glasses getting foggy like yesterday.
Lifting her right leg up she cast it over Roger's lap then plopped down hard on his manhood. Throwing her arms around his neck, but keeping a friendly distance she gyrated her thighs along his tenting membership. Panties on a second day it wasn't as much fun trying to mold her labia over his erection. It still felt good but the material resisted her true desires. It was good enough for what little time they had.
"Lap dances?" Roger chuckled.
"Slow lap dances. I think you missed me a little."
"Little?"
"Mmm! He's growing, maybe a lot."
"Much better. You do realize any Teacher could walk through that door and see you right?"
"They can wait in line for a lap dance."
"Even the female Teachers? Elsa? Lynette?"
"Don't ruin my moment Roger." She hops up and down on him three times roughly then crawls off, caressing his cheek in passing. Moving to the coffee machine she winces, "Why don't we get free coffee here?"
"We do. Just push the buttons." Kevin points toward her with squinting eyes as he cleans his steamed up bifocals.
"Oh now you tell me after I blew a dollar in this machine yesterday."
"In our defense, you had us all speechless." Roger chuckled.
"You just wait until Saturday handsome. That tongue will have my cat. And, no I'm not bringing Mimi's pussy. Not that, I'd complain, nor you if I did." She stuck her tongue out at him.
"Y-you've seen Mimi's p-p-p-puss..." Kevin couldn't even finish his sentence.
"She's showed me a photo of her cats." Piper smirked with curiosity, "Kevvvvin? Do you have a crush on Mimi Alexander?"
"I...noooo...noooo...I'm much too old for..." He blushed heavily, even his receding hairline grew red in tint.
"You old dog." Roger chuckled, "New tricks Buddy. Go for it. You're not that ancient."
"I couldn't possibly." He started to panic, standing up and trying to figure out where the garbage receptacle was, where it always was, but he was totally confused. Before he could leave Mimi Alexander herself rounded the corner from the hallway ran directly into him. Colliding Kevin dropped his finished coffee cup and chip bag to the floor. She too dropped her purse scattering content.
Amused by their awkward dance in joining forces to pick things up Piper leaned on Roger's shoulder with her chin on her arm, tits pressed on his upper shoulders. "This is getting interesting."
"You're telling me." He enjoyed her nipples grazing his back.
"I-I-I'm sorry Mimi." Kevin panted dryly as he helped gather the scattered items from her purse. Seeing a tiny pink remote, Piper jumped upright and knew exactly what it was, leaning back to whisper into Roger's ear she said, "Mimi has a silver bullet."
"A what? She dating the Lone Ranger?" Roger Dundee winced. He knew what she meant but was playing dumb. She slapped the side of his head playfully then stepped away in a clatter of high heels. Kneeling down to assist them Piper's skirt fanned wide and Kevin grew even more nervous. There were her panties pretty as they please. "Hey you two. Need some help getting together? I mean getting yourselves together."
"I think we have it."
"Are you sure Squeaky?" She winked at Mimi, "Oh, look Mimi wore a dress again today." Her knees however were tightly locked to avoid her skirt being easily looked up in her knelt angle. "Love the dress Squeaks."
"Why are you calling me Squeaky and Squeaks?" Mimi herself grew nervous.
"Ohhh! Maybe a lil' Mouse told me."
"Pardon?"
"We'll talk about that once Kevin stops hyperventilating."
"Miss Cherry...please...don't." He felt as if his crush was going to become known.
"Relax and breath Handsome. Isn't Kevin handsome in that blue button down Mimi?"
"You do look nice Kevin." She smiled and finished putting her lost items back into her purse.
"I-I-I-do?"
"I now pronounce you Tom and Jerry." Piper giggled and helped them both in rising to their feet. "Go calm your heart rate Kevin, I'll check in on you later."
Kevin discards his trash and bolts away in a hurried pace. Mimi uncertain what was going on fidgeted in confusion. "What was that about?"
"We'll talk about that later Miss Squeak."
"Okay...I think."
"Did you go shopping? I absolutely love this dress on you."
"No. I borrowed it from LeAnne. Frank's daughter from the food truck." She reminded Piper.
"I remember. You went to school with her." Piper studied the young woman's face while grinning suspiciously. "Something I should know about you two?"
"Kevin and I? No, he's nice."
"Not whom I meant, but now that you mention Mr. Peabody. You two would make a darling couple."
"Please don't play matchmaker." She pouted with worry.
"Just breath Beautiful...I'll behave. Now tell me about LeAnne."
"What's to tell? She's one of the only friends I have."
"Friends friends...or frisky friends?"
"Why are you so nosey?" Mimi blushed then hid her face from Roger's observing eyes, "I'm bi. We...used to...but not anymore...she was...just there for me when I was awkward."
"You're still awkward Sweetie. You know you can tell me anything, I adore you. So...you prefer the ladies?"
"I wouldn't say that." Mimi fanned herself, "I've only been with one man ever. Can we talk about this another time? Roger's...curious."
"Oh don't mind him, he's looking at my ass." She lifts her skirt up and lets him see her lace panties hugging her every curve, his eyes were lured away from Mimi in a second flat. "See how easy that was?"
"I could never do that."
"Sure you could." Piper manhandles Mimi whipping her backwards to hide Roger and swiftly lifts the girls skirt. To both their surprise Mimi was not wearing panties at all. Mimi squealed at being busted and tried to escape when Piper caught her and wrapped her arms around her friend for comfort. "I didn't expect that Sweetie. I'm sooo sorry. Just breath and try not to hate me."
"I didn't see anything." Roger lied.
"Yes you did." Mimi broke out laughing in her humiliation.
"Yeah...I did. Pretty cute there Mimi. I'll shut up now."
"You are so evil." Mimi huffed at Piper.
"You have no idea Squeaky Lou. Why the sudden change in you? Yesterday you were in a panic outside by the fountain. You wearing only the Titan's t-shirt in your class caught me off guard too."
"I'm adapting the best I can. A little each day. I...wanted to know what it felt like to...go without."
"Feels awesome doesn't it?"
"So why are you wearing panties today?"
"Detention this afternoon, I figured I should. They might not stay on though. It just depends on how the jailhouse responds." She laughed, "Listen to me Mimi...stop stressing out and live. I'm here for you whenever you need me. So is Josie."
"I know! I...need you guys. I'm so lonely."
"Cats just aren't doing it anymore?"
"No." Mimi giggled, "I need my own apartment too. Love my family but..."
"One day at a time Squeak. Want coffee?"
"I don't have time now. I'll survive until lunch."
"Sorry! I wuvs you Squeaks."
"I...kinda like the nickname." Mimi glowed suddenly. "It's because I'm mousy at times isn't it?"
"That and you're tiny." Roger offered up, "I could lift you over my head with one hand."
"Oh my God!" Mimi turned blood red and pulled away from Piper marching to the lounge entry way then stopped looking both ways before lifting her skirt bravely and mooning them. She didn't look back but Roger and Piper both whistled wolf calls. It definitely made Mimi's self-esteem soar.
"Wait for it." Piper winks at Roger then lifts the confiscated pink remote she had secreted away during the whole Kevin/ Mimi collision of blushes. Pushing the remote they heard an extremely loud yelp.
"She was wearing it?" Roger dropped his jaw.
"Oh, that was Mighty Mouse."
Mimi raced back to the doorway wincing at Piper, "Give it to me."
"I can do that." Another push of the button sent Mimi's back to the threshold frame, lips pressed to contain her shrill response to the vibrations. "Wow! Someone is pretty sensitive." She hands the remote to Roger releasing the girl temporarily to calm her nerves. Roger waving it in the air chuckled.
"This thing has some range to it."
"Why are you doing this to me?" Mimi stomped her foot giggling, "No one was supposed to know."
"Kinda late now." He laughed. "Hey Squeaky?"
"What?" She cringed just knowing Roger was going to press it again. He didn't but he did pass it back to Piper.
"Have a good day." He winked then lifted his right palm up as if her were lifting her in the air. Mimi whimpered at the possibility then just ran off. No more vibrations she just took the risk, hoping Piper would return it to her later.
"That was fun." Piper grinned.
"Five bucks says she takes the bullet out."
"That's how much you tip a stripper? Cheap bastard."
"Teacher's pay what can I say?"
"Buy me one of these I'll wear it for you." She leaned in to whisper in his ear.
"I can do that. I'll just apply the five bucks I'll get from you to the bullet dance."
"You're on."
"That's Saturday." He winked. A tongue razz later Piper wiggled away.
"Mimi Alexander wearing a wire. Who would have thought? Much less a dress. That was a sweet little ass though." Roger was glad to be of service.
********
"Hey gorgeous."
Sable McKellen bulged her eyes while at her locker sorting through books for her first two classes. She knew the voice well but never in a million years expected to hear gorgeous come her way. Turning shyly she blushes, "Hi Corey." Corey Samson was the Brad Pitt of Horton-Dexter, if Sable even knew who Brad Pitt was, too old for her reality.
"Hey! I heard you were getting your braces out soon."
"Friday. How did you know that?"
"I overheard your Mom tell Elsa awhile ago in the hallway. That's awesome. Did you know I wore braces for two years? Before I moved here from Memphis."
"Really?" She looked shocked as he grit his teeth to show her a perfect smile.
"Yep! Look great don't they?" Ego right out of the gate. "Anyways, I was wondering..." Her eyes bulged prepared to be asked out on a date when...
"This bozo bothering you Baby?"
Corey winced to his right to see Travis Herbert chiming in with a smug defensive expression.
"Baby?" She whimpered at her loss, but didn't know how to react.
"Go away Perbert. She's out of your league."
"No I'm not." She whined under her breath, she found Travis cute for defending her even if he didn't need to. Regardless she witnessed Corey palm the boys face and push him back until he tripped there in the hallway to a horde of laughter.
"Go find yourself a dark corner and whack off." Corey was being mean. Turning back to Sable he switched persona into charmer mode, "Sorry about that. As I was saying would you like to..."
"STEP OUTSIDE MOTHERFUCKER!" Travis was back on his feet trying to be a badass. Hearing a houseful of, "WHOAAAA's!" Corey closed his eyes at being interrupted.
"Give me a minute." Now rolling his eyes Corey picked Travis up like a ragdoll as another boy removed the top of a garbage can lid and let Corey toss Travis in upside down. Cramming him in the boy put the upraised garbage can lid back on as Corey dusted his hands off to cheers of loyalty to the jock. Sadly, even Sable found herself laughing, then just as fast felt badly. "Back to us..."
"No! I'm sorry Corey...I won't go out with you."
"Where did that come from?"
"Tawny said you liked me. I'm honored but...I can't."
"First off that slut doesn't know shit about what I think. Secondly, why would I wanna go out with a TV antenna like you?" He changed his whole personality just that quickly. Pouting Sable just ran off to weep.
Travis in the trash can kicked the lid off and cried out, "I'm not done with you Scumbag!"
The lid was put back on.
********
The McKellen home...3704 Epicenter Court, Hooters Crossing housing division.
"At least I didn't have to take the girls to school today." Henry McKellen stretched yawning vividly, having stepped out on to their off bedroom balcony for fresh air. He needed to wake up after a long night of working diligently on his RPG game Frisque. His game required that he keep at it to meet any form of deadline. Up all night actually working, even with his co-worker Tessa Harper actually helping by video conference without distracting him. They both knew there was a time and place for sexual appetite and last night was not one of them. She hadn't even pressured him about her earlier idea of incest between his main male character and his two daughters. While he was beginning to come around to the once taboo idea he just hadn't gotten the nerve to start designing it. One step at a time.
While peering out toward the street he noticed a familiar black Kia drive by. "That was Kelly Herbert. Must have just dropped Travis off at school and ran a few errands because it's almost 9:00. I really should drop over and check on her before she thinks I was bullshitting. I mean I did try but Sargent Slaughter was over there already." Her bodybuilder Master dominated both she and her time at his leisure.
"I wonder if Dom noticed someone pissed on his truck tire?" He chuckled. "I don't know what even possessed me to do that. It's not like I own Kelly..." Pondering his words he shrugged, "Not that it's a horrible idea, exploring BDSM. Heck I bet Josie would get into it if I exerted that idea on her. She has been hinting a lot about us pushing our limits just to improve our love life. I suppose I could incorporate that into Frisque too. Maybe I'll run the idea by Tessa and see what she thinks."
Peering out back over his property, and Piper Cherry's fence line at the Herbert house he puckers, "Let's go for a walk." Decision made he puts on a pair of sweats along with a black t-shirt promoting the old rock band Down, one of his first metal concerts back in the early 2000's he put his shoes on and hit the pavement. It didn't take long to round the block and head toward the Herbert home.
To his surprise he actually found Kelly outside preparing to work on the flower beds surrounding her home. She definitely had a green thumb. Watching her a bit from a distance he noted her tattered jeans, tight and ripped along her ass. A tank top worn certainly opened her cleavage to a sweet display of flesh. Bandana holding her hair back she looked almost biker bitch material. Maybe her Master Dominic had a Harley too.
Gathering his nerve he took to jogging to make it appear he was out on a morning run. Before passing her by he stopped in her drive and acted winded on purpose, mainly because he was. "Morning Kel."
She turned in her stance from deciding where to start and noted Henry. "Hello Sir."
"I'm still getting used to all that formality stuff. Not even my kids call me sir."
"It is respect. I must. With the exception of my son that is."
"Yeah calling Travis Sir might sound kind of twisted. You can keep calling me Sir. Getting ready to do some gardening?"
"Yes. I bought some mulch to surround the beds." She pointed at her opened hatchback with bags of mulch laying ready to be brought out.
"Need help carrying them over?" He pauses, "Nope! I'll try that again...let me help you." She warmly smiled as he went straight to her KIA and began unloading bags hauling them to her.
"Thank you Sir."
"No Master today?"
"He has not called. He works two jobs."
"Speaking of...weren't you a receptionist?"
"I was...released."
"Released? Why?"
"My past owner did not require this one any further."
"Owner? You mean past employer?"
"One and the same." She sheepishly sighed.
"Ah! I guess that shows how much I truly know about you outside of your..."
"My son's Father?"
"Right! Sorry if I brought up any bad memories."
"I'm fine Sir. I have moved on."
"So let me get this straight. You worked for your last Master, then when he set you loose you found Dominic?"
"He found me Sir."
"Where did you two meet?"
"Through my last Master. They go to the same gym. Lift KITty's on Dancer Street."
"Sounds more like an adult club."
"It has it's moments. The gym is right next to one. Dominic dances there. It's called Cashanova."
"Dancer on Dancer street." He shook his head, "Go figure. Wait! You're telling me that Dominic as huge as that bastard is...is a male stripper?"
"Yes."
"Wow! I'd never have guessed. Anyway, you look pretty hot today in those ripped jeans."
"I am glad you approve Sir."
"Oh, I approve. I have a question for you Kel."
"Yes?"
"That day we all pissed on Hardecker...I pissed on you. How did that make you feel?"
"Warm." She shyly spoke lowering her gaze to his t-shirt. Reading it she instantly dropped to her knees before him and placed her hands palms up toward her inner thighs. Henry was taken by surprise.
"You felt like dropping to your knees as if I were your...Master?"
"Forgive me Sir. I had not noticed your command until now."
"My command?"
"Your shirt Sir. It said Down. I went down."
"Uhhh! They're a band not a...right...it was a command." He thought quickly, "I wore it on purpose to see if you would notice."
"A delayed reaction Sir. I am here now."
"Tell me why."
"Because it is as my Master has trained me."
"Conditioning?"
"Yes."
"Yet, if he's the one you serve why would you drop like that for me?"
"I am to obey all men."
He just stared at her for a good minute processing it all, "Why would he expect you to obey all men? That's like stealing candy from a baby. Isn't he afraid he might lose you to someone else?"
"No Sir! I belong to Dominic when he is present. Not many know of his personal command over me. If they did...I would be forced to obey their wishes."
"How many know?"
"Only you at the moment Sir. That I am aware of."
"So...it's an open ended invitation yet not advertised."
"Yes."
"Sounds pretty dumb to me. You certain he's worth you getting used and possibly hurt by someone when he's not even around?"
"I would risk this. Dominic...takes care of me. He helps pay my bills. Puts food on our table. Please Sir...do not let on to Travis what Dominic does for us."
"I won't fault him where that's concerned, but I'm not liking this obey any man crap. We may not know one another well Kel but I do care what happens to you. Does he make you wear a collar? I don't see one around your throat."
"I wear an invisible collar Sir. I am instructed to feel his hands around my throat at all times, that signifies his ownership over me."
"Wow! Interesting theory." He considers the logic behind it, "I kind of like that actually. So, you obey every man that orders something of you."
"Yes Sir."
"That part I'm not happy with. If I owned you I'd think harder on who I shared you with. How does what he commands you with make you feel? Be honest."
"Honored."
"To fuck anyone that says spread your legs?"
"No Sir. That he would take care of me and my son. This is why I submit unconditionally. I have had no other man but him since I began serving him."
"That day I threatened him with a baseball bat he offered you to me sexually. You would have let me had I said yes?"
"Yes Sir!"
"Are you glad I didn't say yes?"
"Truthfully Sir?"
"Always."
"I was hoping you would accept."
"Really? You wanted me to join him in fucking you?"
"Yes."
"Only because Dominic offered you to me?"
"No Sir."
"Then why?"
She goes quiet for a minute as he had earlier to process. "I find you very handsome Sir."
"Goes both ways Kel. I find you sexy as hell."
"Thank you Sir."
"I think your Master and I need to have a talk. Until then..." He lowers his sweats and boxers to let his erection pop free. Eying it with a yearning gaze she prepares to give him a blowjob. "Ah! Ah! Ah! Did I say you could blow me?"
"No Sir." She pouts with disappointment in her eyes.
"Not today. Today...I offer you something to think about." He stands tall and looks to the sky in order to concentrate. She was uncertain what he was doing until a stream of urine came flying at her knees. Once he had a steady stream he wasted no time in peeing in a circle all the way around her not spraying her even once. Completed he pisses his finality out over her flowers. She merely sat there trembling.
"What does this mean Sir?"
"It means you're within my circle of life. Under my protection. I own what lies within, meaning you. Yes! I'm stepping on Dominic's territory. For now...this remains between you and I. My wife does not know I...just adopted you. Until I talk to Dominic about how he treats you, good and bad, you do not obey his any man command. It's too risky without guidance. Am I clear Kelly?" He puts his dick away.
"I...want to but Dominic is my real Master. I...will avoid other men as best I can. Should they want me...I must obey."
"Alright! I guess I can't overthrow his authority without confrontation. I'll find time this week to locate him and see what he and I can agree on. Is co-ownership even a thing?"
"I...do not know Sir."
"I'm not going to ask you how you feel about what I just proposed. You just let it sink in."
"Thank you for your concern Sir."
"For now...I only want one thing."
"I am yours to command if you want my body."
"I do want your body. Bet on that." He winks at her, "For now though, I'm settling on one picture a day of you, sent to my cell."
"Naked Sir?"
"Not yet. Try sending just you." She found his request refreshing, even if his urine scent was pungent around her.
"In clothing Sir?"
"Yep! Big beautiful smile that tells me you miss me."
"I will obey Sir."
"Good! I'm going to finish my run and start my day. Enjoy your gardening."
"Yes Sir. Thank you for your kind words."
"Hey? A push in the right direction is all the control you need."
"Sir? I worship sex."
"Doesn't everybody?" He took his leave. She sat there in his muddy circle for ten minutes pondering his words. What neither of them knew was that a very nosey neighbor had overheard their entire conversation.
Knox Hardecker was all ears.
"Hell yeah! She has to obey any man. I'm soooo tapping Pervert Herbert's mom."
Not today...soon enough.
No bed of roses Mrs. Herbert.
No bed of roses.
Only thorns.