As a six foot one inch, 190 pound MD (I conduct most of my practice in the hospital; technically I'm titled a "hospitalist"), I work too damned much. I was pulling into my driveway on this lovely summer morning after a particularly grueling three-day weekend shift. I'd "moonlighted" at my second job, and put in 72 hours straight in one of the local emergency departments. When I'd stopped at the ATM (for some "walking around with it" money) on the way home I thought to myself how nice my next paycheck would look as I took my cash from the machine.
As I climbed out of my Escalade I heard a commotion coming from Bill and Julie's house next door. Bill and Julie was a cute couple but were having tough times and were undergoing a "trial separation" to sort things out. I'd gotten the details over a beer with him and over coffee with her. It sounded like he just wanted some space to be free to shag his new girlfriend, but who am I to judge...?
The commotion was coming from the two kids, B.J. (short for Billie Jean) and C.J. (short for Carl Joseph) running across the yard in their bathing suits. They were calling out to me.
"Doctor Dougie, Doctor Dougie, come see what I can do...I can dive headfirst...I can swim across the pool underwater...Come see...!"
I looked over, said hi to the kids, and saw Julie, still in her nightgown, and her mom, Denise, in her housecoat, on the deck next to the pool.
Denise had moved in right after Bill left, supposedly to help with the kids. She drank and slept a lot, but was nice and, actually, kind of cute. She was a slender, middle-aged lady with really nice legs.
Julie was a cute five foot four inch, 125 pound mom. She'd had her two kids by cesarean surgery, but had lost weight at her gym with regular workouts before Bill stopped paying the dues.
They were having coffee. Julie waved to me, signaling me to come over.
I watched the kids do their things in the pool with the obligatory comments like, "Way to go, C.J.," and "That's terrific, B.J.," as they called back, "Watch me again, Doctor Dougie," and, "I can do that, too—watch this!"
As I turned to go, Denise, the mom, smiled at me.
"Doctor, have you been working a lot again, or what?" she asked.
"Yes, I have!" I said emphatically.
"Come. Sit. Have coffee with us."
Denise's housecoat was ankle length but the buttoning stopped halfway between the hip and knee. Sitting cross-legged (right over left) allowed much thigh to show.
Julie made my day. She was sitting on the lounge chair facing slightly away from Denise but directly at me. She had her feet up on the chair with her chin on her knees. She had demurely stretched her nightgown snuggly over her knees down to her ankles.
But not far enough.
Her feet were about twelve inches apart and her nightgown stopped just high enough to allow me an unobstructed view of her pussy. From her angle Denise couldn't witness what I was seeing; only I could enjoy that sighting. Pink and puffy, hairless and inviting, there it was. My eyes must have reacted—I know my cock did! Because of my crazy work schedule it'd been a couple of weeks since I'd gotten laid, and my cock was reminding me of that fact.
I got caught looking. As my eyes came up to meet hers, Julie was grinning shyly at me. More importantly, she made no move at all to conceal her pussy. This was my lucky day...little did I know what was yet to come.
"So what are you doing with all of your money?" Denise continued. "You're probably spending it on a lot of wild women, huh?"
"Mom!" admonished Julie.
"No time for that lately, I'm afraid," I replied.
"That's probably all Bill has time to do," retorted Denise.
"Mo-om!" said Julie strongly.
"Well, he certainly isn't giving any money to you, is he? Is he keeping current with the bills? No! I bet he's spending it all on his bimbo," declared Denise.
"That's enough!" said Julie. Then, dejectedly, she added, "Maybe I'll need to get a job to get us over the tough times."
She sat back, but her pussy was still winking at me.
I'd not taken my scrubs off after work and, being as light and thin as scrubs are; my hard cock was making an obvious lump down my leg. Julie looked right at it.
"A job? Doing what? You didn't finish college so you could marry 'Mr. Wonderful'. You didn't train to do anything. And what're you gonna do with the kids, especially since they're home now for the summer?" Denise asked.
"I don't know, I'll have to think of something," replied Julie.
I was getting a little uncomfortable in the middle of this family discussion. I got up and started to leave, saying, "Well,..."
"Oh, don't go yet," said Julie. "You haven't had any coffee. Come on in and I'll fix you a fresh one."
I wasn't sure it was such a good idea, but I've been wrong before.
She stood to go inside. Her nightgown was thin and silky. You could make out her areolas, and would've seen her pubic patch if it wasn't shaved.
When she got out of her chair her legs parted and, with her knees up like they'd been, I could see all the way to her navel. Her pussy was obviously hot and darkly pink. My dick reminded me how horny I was.
Denise also repositioned in her chair, crossing left leg over right. I was looking right up her housecoat seeing white panties. It slid even further up towards her lap, showing even more of those lovely thighs.
Mom's panties and daughter's pussy. Wow!
We got inside the kitchen and Julie poured me a cup of coffee. I stepped up, albeit behind her, to add a dollop of cream.
She got there first. She picked up the creamer and turned to lighten my coffee. She bumped my belly with her elbow and splashed cream out of her pitcher onto the floor.
"Oh, damn," she cursed.
Standing there in her silky nightgown she looked wonderful. Her nipples were straining to poke holes in the fabric. If I hadn't known it already, her lack of panties was made obvious by her hands on her hips pulling the gown tightly across her belly.
Always, the gentleman, I said, "Let me get that," and reached for a nearby tea towel.
She was quicker again. She grabbed a handful of paper towels and said, "No, I got it."
Simultaneously we squatted to address the offending mess.
As she cleaned the spill, she again spread her legs, and there was that luscious pussy. I had to say something.
"Julie, you are really looking good today," I said, never taking my eyes off her pussy.
"Oh," she said, making a slight but incomplete effort to close her legs. "Well, you probably couldn't afford it, anyway."
Continuing the banter, I laughed and said, "I bet I could—it's been a while for me now."
"Put your money where your mouth is," Julie challenged.
Was she kidding? Could this be possible? Would I even consider fucking my neighbor buddy's wife, even for money?
I started thinking with my little head instead of my brain.
Sure, I would.
I'd tapped my MAC account for three hundred dollars that morning. That had been the maximum cash withdrawal I'd authorized when I started the account. It was a security kind of thing, in case someone stole the card.
What the hell, I thought. The worst thing that could happen was she could say no, and then I'd just pass it off as a bad joke.
I touched her lightly on the wrist, looked her in the eye, and quietly said, "Three hundred."
She froze. She looked back at me, squarely in the eye. A pregnant pause occurred in our conversation.
"Three hundred?" she repeated questioningly. "You'd give me three hundred dollars just to get off in this old pussy?"
I wanted to believe I was picking up the right signals. I decided to go for it.
I pulled my wallet from my pocket. I took all the cash I had in it and put it on the floor beside my foot. It was the stack of twenties from the ATM and some fives and ones I already had. A little more than three hundred dollars.
Up until now it was like a comedy skit. She was teasing me and I called her bluff.
She looked at the money. She looked at me.
"You're not kidding around now, right?" she asked.
"You're not kidding around now, right?" I asked back.
Slowly she reached out and picked up the money. She stood up and put it in her cookie jar on the counter.
She looked me in the eye with a serious look, and then grinned. She went to the table and leaned over onto her elbows. Her adorable little ass was right under, and perfectly outlined by, her silky nightie. My cock was sticking out hard against my scrubs making a mountainous lump. There was a little stain on the front where I'd leaked precum.
Quickly peaking out the window to see that her mom and the kids were still occupied, she again bent over. She reached down to grab the hem of her nightie and pulled it over her ass onto her back.
There it was. Ass, pussy, thighs, the whole kit and caboodle. Her scent filled the area.
There's something about the scent of a woman. It's unique to every one, and, to me, it is highly arousing. I could almost feel my cum boiling in my balls. I inhaled her scent deeply as I stepped up to her offering.
Bill had drunkenly shared with me, over more beers, which since she'd NOT delivered her children vaginally he thought Julie still had a small pussy. "Little buggers didn't stretch her cunt out of shape," was how he put it. He sounds like a really loving husband, doesn't he? At least he was probably to be trusted because he was banging enough different women to be able to make comparisons.
"You'll have to be quiet," she said, "and we can't take too long."
Being quick about it or not, I had to lick her pussy. I love cunnilingus. I genuflected at the altar of her pussy and started tickling it with my tongue. Her juices really started flowing. She must've been hornier than me.
I concentrated on her clit, and very quickly her hips pushed back. She shuddered with an intense orgasm, and gushed onto my face. Her knees buckled slightly.
I could stand it no more. I yanked my scrubs and my boxer briefs to my knees. My rock hard cock slapped her on her ass. I didn't hesitate. She was so wet that when I pushed past her pussy lips I slid in all the way until my balls banged against her clit.
She gasped. Her pussy really was snug. The hot, soft, velvety box tightened around my cock and squeezed me as if it had a mind of its own. The sensation was so overwhelming that, like a young kid again, I didn't last very long. I shot my pent-up load deeply into her womb, all the while clenching my teeth to keep from calling out in ecstasy.
While I came, she rocked back and forth on my dick until I was through.
I pulled up my pants and she straightened herself a bit. We went back outside where I said my goodbyes.
Later, I needed to run some errands. Parked in Julie's drive next to my Escalade was Julie's friend, Evelyn's, car. Julie, Denise, and she were on the front porch consumed conspiratorially in some very animated conversation. They slyly regarded me as I came out. Their conversation stopped, but they all smiled broadly in my direction.
"Hello, ladies, you're looking especially dazzling today," I called, always the gentleman.
Evelyn and Denise looked at each other, then, together, as if choreographed, turned towards me.
They called back to me as if with one voice, and said,"Oh, well, you probably couldn't afford it anyway."
To be continued...