Disclaimer: Everyone in the story is 18 years old or older at all points. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is happenstance.
Miss Tina led me into the central part of the salon, which housed a handful of hair stations filled with various clients getting their hair done. Off to one side was an empty set of chairs for Mani-Pedis.
I just looked at the floor, blushing, as Miss Tina pulled me past everyone there and down a back hallway.
"Look at the new slut. Shit, wouldn't mind teaching that little white girl how to please a BBW," someone laughingly commented to my right.
One of the Asian estheticians we passed commented, "Nice tits on her, Tinna. Wouldn't mind playing with her a little if you get done early."
"We will have to wait and see, Jun," Miss Tina said with a wink.
"In here, Slut," Miss Tina said, pulling aside a heavy curtain.
I walked inside and nearly bolted for the door. The small dingy room, like everywhere here, had seen better days. In the center sat a huge Polynesian man covered in tattoos who glanced up at us from a porn magazine.
"Hey, Kai, I thought you might like to get this bitch," Miss Tina said, pushing me toward the man.
"You know just how I like them," Kai said as he put down the magazine he had been reading, smiling as he looked my nude body up and down.
I glanced at the cover of the mag Over Thirty Women. The cover image was an older woman with large breasts lifting them toward the camera.
I am not that old, I thought, but I kept my mouth shut.
"Chad wants her ready in a few hours," Miss Tina said, handing over a piece of paper she pulled from her pocket.
Kai read the list of things and looked over to Miss Tina.
"I can finish most of this, but it might take another trip."
I looked between the two of them, trying to understand what the hell they were talking about.
Miss Tina misunderstood my expression, "The place isn't anything to look at, but Kai is one of the best body artists in the country."
Some of my former self surfaced when I heard body artist.
"I don't want any body art!" I crossed my arms over my breasts, giving Miss Tina my best go fuck yourself look.
Instead of being upset, Miss Tina started laughing.
"If I had a nickel for every time one of Chad's sluts said that, I could retire in style," Miss Tina said.
Kai smiled as he sat back and watched Miss Tina and me.
Miss Tina held up her hand to forestall my response.
"Listen, Sugar. I have heard it all. Chad has something on you, or he threatened to do something nasty to a relative or friend. No one here cares. So, if you think your sob story will change anything that will happen, well, you can just get that silly notion out of your head right now.
Miss Tina turned to the man.
"Chad has a list of improvements. We will do everything on the list, and you will follow our directions like Chad gave them."
Miss Tina stepped close, pushing her large breasts against my arms.
"You know why you're going to do that?"
I knew. Chad would follow through with hurting someone I cared about. I dropped my gaze and nodded.
"Good, Slut. Now walk your ass over to the table and lay down."
I meekly walked over to the table and lay down on my back, not making eye contact with Kai as I passed him.
"Now, will you be giving Kai here any more shit?" Miss Tina asked.
"No, Miss Tina," I said, completely deflated. At this point, I felt depressed and terrified at what was coming next.
"Good Slut. Now you follow Kai's instructions, and I will forget about the attitude you came in here with."
I could feel tears trying to form, and I squashed them before they fell. I wouldn't give them the satisfaction of knowing how much this bothered me.
Miss Tina walked out of the room, glancing back at Kai and me before letting the curtain go.
After the curtain shut, Kai walked over to where I lay.
"I know you aren't exactly doing this of your own free will, so I will skip all the questions I normally have to ask. Here, sign and date each page."
Kia handed me a clipboard. I skimmed the pages. Just your standard boilerplate responsibility waivers. I didn't bother to read them. It wasn't like I had a choice in this.
"Now, let's get started," Kai said as he put the clipboard down and walked over to the table I lay on. He pulled out stirrups from under the table.
"Put your feet in these."
I spread my legs and put them in the stirrups. Kia fastened them with cuffs before moving to stand next to me. He pulled on the side of the table, rotating a section outward.
"Arm," Kia said, motioning to the section he had pulled out.
I put my arm on the section, and he quickly attached it.
He moved to the other side of the table and repeated the process. I didn't wait for him to tell me; I put my arm on the section, and he attached it.
"Now, just try to relax," he said, pushing a button on a remote, bringing the table to life. The table split under my legs, forcing me to stretch until my body formed an X.
Feeling very vulnerable, I could only watch as Kai picked up various tools and sat them on a tray.
Finished, he turned to me.
"I won't lie and tell you this won't hurt. Let's start with some piercings since Chad wants to see you have them. I will suggest that you stay still and breathe through the pain."
What followed was painful and humiliating as Kai pierced both nipples, inserting posts at the base of each.
After applying bandages, Kai patted my thigh, "The worst part is over. I am going to release the restraints so you can turn over." He watched me for a few seconds until I nodded.
He released me and helped me off the table to make a few adjustments.
While I stood there, I looked in the mirror at the piercings he had put into my body. My inspection was interrupted when he finished the adjustments.
"Ok, on the table," Kai said, patting the table.
I gingerly climbed onto the table, dropping my breasts into the slot he had exposed, letting them hang below me.
At least I don't have to lay on them,I thought.
I was strapped in again, with an additional strap across my back.
"Don't want you moving while I do this."
To be honest, I was terrified at this point. I had no idea what Kai was going to do.
I felt him doing something before I heard a buzz followed by what felt like a pinprick on my lower back.
The asshole is giving me a tramp stamp!I thought, fuming at the idea and somewhat surprised that this pissed me off more than the piercings.
Kai spent what felt like hours working on my back. He had just finished the tattoo when Miss Tina returned.
"Perfect, Kai," Miss Tina said, looking over his shoulder.
Kia helped me off the table, where Miss Tina inspected each piercing.
"Ok, that is all we can get done today," Miss Tina said, reviewing the request on the clipboard before turning to me.
"One of Chad's handlers will go over how to keep things clean and care for the piercings and the tattoo. Any questions?"
I asked the first question I thought of.
"What tattoo did he put on me?"
"Chad," Miss Tina stressed his name, "normally has his name tattooed on the slut, marking his property. For some reason, he chose a different design this time and a different tag."
It became apparent she wouldn't tell me, so I moved to the mirror and looked over my shoulder.
The tattoo was a series of interconnecting lines and circles. I had to admit that it looked beautiful. It took me a second to read the tag.
It read, "Fuck Slut".
I was shocked and pissed at the same time. As I worked through that, I realized I couldn't wear a lot of the clothes I owned without someone seeing the tattoo. I felt like crying before I pulled myself together. I wasn't going to let them see me cry.
Miss Tina watched the parade of emotions flow across my face, not saying anything until I had myself together.
"Now, before we let you go, there is the matter of payment."
I just looked at her, wondering if I could get my hands around her throat before Kai interfered.
She must have read my mind because she stepped closer to Kai.
"Chad paid for our services but refused to pay the tip. He said you could work for it. Wasn't that nice of him?" Miss Tina said, safely out of reach.
I have never hated myself as much as I did when I looked between Kai and Miss Tina.
"What do you want?"
Upon seeing me delate, Miss Tina moved toward me.
"You can start by pulling down my pants and kissing my ass."
I looked at her briefly before reaching for her yoga pants and pulling them down, exposing her bubble butt.
I can't believe I am doing this, I thought.
Leaning forward, I kissed the right cheek of her ass.
"Come on, girl. I know you know how to kiss ass better than that. Get your fucking tongue in there."
"That's it, lick my black ass bitch you little slut," Miss Tina said, moving her ass around before me.
"Spread my check, Slut, and get your fucking tongue in there."
I did what she wanted. I just wanted this over with.
"Right there slut. That's it. Put your tongue into my asshole. Oh, Fuck."
I pushed my tongue inside her, trying not to gag.
"Enough," Miss Tina said, stepping away from me.
Thank God that's over, I thought. I wasn't surprised when she pulled her pants off and sat on the table I had been strapped to.
"Come on, Fuck Slut. Mommy needs some love," Miss Tina said, putting her feet into the stirrups, completely exposing her pink pussy.
I squatted before her, licking the slit before sucking her large clit into my mouth.
"Fuck, get your tongue inside," Miss Tina demanded, panting from the feelings I was giving her.
She grabbed my hair, forcing my face deep between her thighs. I pushed my tongue inside her, trying to get her off so I could leave.
I heard a noise behind me and felt someone grab my hips, pulling out of the squat I had been in until I was bent over, eating Miss Tina's pussy.
I felt a cock pressed against my pussy, sliding between my slit, getting it wet. A moan escaped my lips into Miss Tina's pussy when the cock pulled away, surprising me because I wanted to be fucked.
Playing the part of a slut outside, giving blowjobs outside to a group of lowlifes, had excited me more than I wanted to admit.
There will be a lot of therapy in the future. That thought was followed byif there is a future.The walls I had built in my mind began to crumble as Chad slowly stripped away my humanity.
I thought about my daughter, her coming up to me and asking what a Fuck Slut was and having to explain why I went away. I felt tears leaking down my cheeks, adding to the pussy juice on my face.
Pressure built my pussy as I felt Kai slowly forcing his massive cock into my vagina.
Oh Fuck, that hurts!I thought as more of the massive cock was forced inside me.
"Almost feels like someone is shoving a pole up your twat, right?" Miss Tina asked, pulling my face to watch my expression as Kai forced his cock inside me.
"You would not believe how many bitches scream and throw a fit the first time he fucks them. The funny thing, once the bitch leaves, she keeps coming back for more. Kai won't fuck them unless they get more work done.
"Hell, over half his clients have most of their bodies covered in tattoos."
Miss Tina stroked my face as she watched Kai behind me.
"Of course, Chad's sluts rarely come back after the initial visit or two."
Miss Tina looked at me and smiled. "Kai has almost half his magnificent cock inside you, Fuck Slut. Won't be long before he is pounding that pussy," she chuckled and pulled my face back between her legs.
The pain in my pussy continued to get worse until suddenly, I felt his thighs touching my ass. Kai stopped pushing, letting me get used to his cock. The pain was slipping away, and I just felt complete. Well, that was until the asshole started moving his cock in and out.
My scream into Miss Tina's pussy sent her over the edge, and she came hard, squirting juices all over my face.
"That's it, slut. Keep screaming while Kai fucks you good," Miss Tina said as she held my face buried between her thighs while Kai fucked me in long powerful strokes.
Gradually, the pain gave way to a dull throb before I felt the first orgasm rip through my body. I was caught entirely by surprise, even more so when I experienced another almost immediately.
Miss Tina pulled my head from between her legs, laying my cheek against her stomach as Kai kept fucking me. I had never felt anything like this before. By the third orgasm in just as many minutes, I was just a limp doll.
"Now you see why the bitches come back," Miss Tina said, stroking my face as another orgasm ripped through me.
Kai pulled my upper body towards his chest, changing the angle his magnificent cock entered me, hitting spots I didn't even know existed.
Miss Tina left the room as I came again. I could feel my juices running down my legs, forced out of my cunt as Kai fucked me.
The only sound in the room for the next few minutes were the obscene squishing sounds my pussy made and my grunts when Kai bottomed out.
"Ahh. The little slut is getting a good fucking from my Kai," Jun said, running her hands over my side before cupping my sore breasts. She moved her hands up to my hair, grasping the back of my head and pulling me in for a kiss.
Jun released me and looked at Kai. "Pick the slut up. I want to taste her."
Like I was a toy, Kai grabbed both my legs and pulled them off the floor, putting more pressure on my sore pussy as he slowly fucked me.
Jun knelt in front of me, licking the outsides of my pussy before sliding her tongue between my nether lips. Each flick of her tongue caused electric shocks to flow through my pussy.
I lost track of time, riding from one orgasm to the next, and was surprised when I felt the hose inside me expand as Kai filled me with cum.
I felt the first jet as he coated my insides with his cum, trigging the best orgasm of my life. My body started jerking, and I must have passed out for a few seconds. The next thing I know, I am lying on the table with Jun's tight almond thighs directly above my face.
"Welcome back, Fuck Slut. I was beginning to wonder if my Kai had broken you."
It took a moment, but I realized my ankles were strapped in stirrups elevated off the table, keeping my legs wide open.
"Please let me go," I begged. My pussy was sore in ways I had not thought possible. Hell, even childbirth hadn't hurt this bad.
"I will let you go as soon as you get me off. It's only fair since you fucked my Kai," Jun said as she lowered her shaved pussy onto my mouth.
Without thinking about it, I pushed my tongue inside her folds, licking forward until it ran across her clit.
"Oh, Fuck. Right there, Slut."
Jun road my face for a few seconds before pulling her soaked pussy away.
"You are very good at eating pussy."
"Ahh, thanks?" I said, horrified that I had just started to eat her out without any thought. Worse, I enjoyed it more than I wanted to admit.
"You are welcome, Fuck Slut," Jun giggled. "I can't tell you how many straight moms come in here because their friends tell them how skilled my Kai is. It takes some persuasion to get them willing to eat my pussy."
Jun slipped a finger from each hand inside my sore pussy, gently sliding them in and out while her thumbs rolled my clit. The stimulation was pushing me toward another orgasm.
"I will let you finish what you started, and if you are a good pussy eater, I might let you cum again before you leave."
Jun lowered her pussy back to my face. I pushed my tongue inside her, pulling it out to lick her clit. Every few minutes, I would suck her clit into my mouth, gently biting it before returning to her vagina.
While eating her out, I felt her slowly finger fuck me, gradually adding more fingers until I felt her force one of her hands inside me.
Ok fuck that hurts, I thought, sucking harder on Jun's pussy, trying to get her off so she would leave my sore cunt alone.
"Oh, that's it. Right there. Get your tongue deeper, Fuck Slut! Oh, fuck. Just a little more."
Jun was rotating her hips. Pushing down as she ground her pelvis on my face, trying to cum. Her hand was moving faster inside my stretched vagina, driving rapidly toward a massive climax of my own. She stopped moving, shoving her fist deep inside me as she tightened her body and came, shooting her juices all over my face.
I kept licking her clit, eliciting another orgasm from her. After the second climax, she ripped her hand from my body, triggering a massive orgasm.
Colisping on me, Jun lay there as she recovered. Kai lifted her off me and sat her on a plastic chair by his workstation before releasing me from the table.
With my hands-free, I touched my pussy to assure myself that it wasn't broken from Kai's massive cock or Jun's fist. Everything was sore. My vagina felt swollen, but nothing was hanging out, and there was no blood, so things weren't as bad as I had feared.
I curled into a ball, waiting for the next shoe to fall. I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew, a fully dressed Jun shook my shoulder and stroked my face.
"Time to go, little Fuck Slut," Jun said, handing me the clothes I had arrived in.
I dressed carefully. Every inch of my body felt sore. Once finished, I followed Jun to an office where Miss Tina sat reviewing paperwork.
"Anytime you want more of my Kai, just come back and see us," Jun said, kissing me on the cheek.
"Ah, sure," I told her as she pulled away and left the small office.
Miss Tina ignored me while finishing up the invoice she was working on. Once satisfied, she looked up at me.
"I spoke with Chad, and he agreed to send you back in a couple of weeks to finish the rest of the work he asked for."
Miss Tina was watching me closely as she continued.
"He hinted that you would work to pay off the current bill. Maybe spend some time working for Pop or Felicity to recoup the costs for today."
I remembered the day I had worked for Pop and shivered. For some reason, everything came crashing down on me as I stood before Miss Tina. All the abuse, physical and mental, the threats, and the disappointment I felt with Rob being unable to rescue me from this nightmare.
Tears flowed down my cheeks as I held myself, trying to keep in the tremors.
"You know, Chad is going to eat you alive, and in the end, he will force you to watch as he destroys everything you hold dear."
"He said he would leave the others alone as long as I did what he wanted," I said, hating the whining I heard in my voice as I looked at Miss Tina, who gave me a sad look.
"He says that, but eventually, the threats won't be enough. People get numb with constant threats to have someone behave how you want them to. Chad knows this, so he will start carrying out his threats."
I didn't know what to say. Part of me hoped Chad would leave my family alone if I just followed along and did what he wanted. That is what he had promised, anyway. I remembered Alex telling me how some security details had vanished.
Shit, the asshole has already grabbed some of them,I thought. The idea that I was a victim, totally unable to do anything about my circumstances, had paralyzed me. It kept me from stopping the gradual destruction of my body, mind, and soul.
Miss Tina's frank appraisal of what was going on and the likely outcome galvanized something inside me, awakening the old me that had been sleeping in a corner of my mind.
"Good, I was hoping there was still some fire in there somewhere. Hold on to that, and you might just survive, Chad," Miss Tina said, smiling at me.
Miss Tina hugged me, burying my face between her ample breasts. After a few seconds, she pulled me out, and while holding me at arm's length, she looked deep into my eyes.
"The only advice I can give you is don't show Chad that fire. He will only make things harder on you. Also, don't trust any of them. He has something on everyone."
"Does that include you?"
"Especially me. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't shed a tear if the asshole got hit by a bus tomorrow, but until then, Chad owns me just like everyone else."
I covered my newfound resolve with a meek face. "I guess the only thing to do is survive."
"That's all that any of us can do," She chucked and ushered me out of her office and toward the front.
When the curtain opened, Alex glanced up from his phone, a look of relief on his face.
"You ok?"
"Do I have a choice?" I quipped.
"I don't guess you do," he responded as he stood.
"Be careful of her nipples for the next week or so as they heal. Use the ointments on the tattoo on her back. I put some instructions in there, but Chad's people should already know how to treat her," Miss Tina said, handing Alex an envelope.
"Tattoo?" Alex asked, keeping his face neutral.
"Spin around and show him," Miss Tina said.
I could feel the heat on my face as I turned around and let him see the tattoo.
The undisguised look of pity was almost enough for me to cry again, but I squashed that.
No more weak me,I thought.
Alex quickly replaced his regular neutral face and took my hand.
"Come on, Fuck Slut. Chad wants you back at the hotel," Alex said with a smirk as he pulled me behind him out of the salon.
The boys who had accosted me on the way in melted away with a single look from Alex as he opened the car door for me
After we left the lot, Alex turned on the jammer he had used the other day and glanced over at me.
"I'm sorry, Kate. I had no idea that he was going to..."
"He was going to do what? Mark me as his property? Stop the bullshit, Alex," I cut him off, not caring in the moment that he was maybe the only person I could trust.
He had the decency to look chagrined. The car was quiet for a few minutes, the only sounds coming from the radio.
"Chad sent a text while you were, ahh, getting some body art. He wants you back at the hotel."
"Any idea why?" I asked, trying to figure out what I had done this time.
"He said it was to review your training progress and that he had some important things to discuss with you."
"Great."
"It shouldn't be that bad. You have come a long way in hiding your feelings when you are made to do things," Alex said, trying to make it a compliment that I was doing well in my slut training.
I bit my tongue, not wanting to blow up at Alex, even if his words pissed me off.
I just looked out the window, thinking over what Miss Tina had said. The rest of the ride back was a blur, neither of us talking.
I was jolted from my thoughts as the valet at the hotel opened my door. I exited the car as modestly as possible, considering my outfit. The valet didn't bother to hide his leer as his eyes covered every part of me.
Alex grabbed my arm and steered me into the hotel and across the lobby. It was a lot busier now than when we left. I looked straight ahead, ignoring the steers but unable to block out the comments.
"What a slut," a woman said to her friends.
"I didn't know they let whores work out of this hotel," one of her friends said.
"Did you see the tramp stamp? It says Fuck Slut!" another woman said with a gasp.
"I will have to talk to the manager about the quality of people they are letting into the hotel," another biddy said.
Good luck with that, I thought, fighting back the tears. I started to turn when Alex tightened his grip on my arm.
"Let it go," was all he said as he pulled me onto the elevator.
"Your temper is going to get you into more trouble," Alex advised, glancing over at me.
I wanted to tell him to go fuck himself, but I realized he was right. I needed to keep my feelings in check until I could escape this mess. Otherwise, things would only get worse.
"Sorry, Sir," I said, looking down at the floor.
"We will talk about your punishment later. Right now, we need to see what Chad wants," Alex said as he pulled me out of the elevator and up to the reception desk.
"Chad asked me to stop by," Alex said, leaning on the counter and smiling at the receptionist.
"He is expecting you," She said, smiling back as she tilted her head.
The fucking slut is flirting with him, I thought. For some reason, I felt jealous. Alex wasn't my husband, so why would I care if she flirted with him?
Neither of them noticed my reaction, which I was glad of.
"Let's not keep him waiting," Alex said, guiding me toward the double doors that led into Chad's office.
None of the things I thought about what he wanted to see me for prepared me for what I saw when we entered the office.