It's late, after midnight, and I can't sleep. The moon is high and bright in the sky. It's the brightest full moon I think I've ever seen. I get out of the bed and pace through the house, the air cool against my naked body. I sigh, feeling restless, and decide to take a walk. I slip on a thin, cotton strapless dress, grab the bag out of my nightstand drawer, slip on my flip flops and walk out the front door.
I decide to go to the park down the street, it's not very far. It's a beautiful night, perfect temperature, cool yet not too chilly. I feel my nipples harden under my dress. A slight breeze blows and I feel my dress sway against my bare skin. A nightingale sings his song in the trees and there is not a cloud in the sky. The only other sound is my flipflops on the pavement and the quiet sound of music from a late night party a few streets over.
I arrive at the park and look around. A few street lights brighten the parking lot and some benches near the playground and basketball court. There is not a soul in sight. I spot a picnic table under some trees and blocked from light from either the moon or streetlights. It's near the fence and runs the risk of being seen from the street should someone happen to drive by. The risk turns me on and I feel a warmth between my legs.
Removing my dress, I lay it on the table. Opening the little bag I take out a bullet vibrator, an 8-inch long vibrating dildo and two clothes pins. I lay down and put my feet up.
The cool air has made my nipples as hard as little pebbles. I caress my left breast as my right hand slowly slides down my stomach. I feel myself getting wetter and I bite my lip. My knees spread as my fingers touch the outer lips of my shaved pussy. I gasp as they slip between and begin stroking my clit; I'm so wet. I reach over and pick up the clothes pins, pinching each nipple between two fingers and attaching the clothes pins to them. I gasp as what feels like an electric shock sends waves of pleasure from my nipples straight down to clit and my pussy gets even wetter. I let out a slight moan.
I pick up the bullet vibrator next and turn it on. I smile at the low hum. Reaching down I part my pussy lips exposing my clit openly to the night air and I press the vibrator to it. My hips raise as my back arches. I rub the vibrator back and forth across my little nub. I faintly hear an engine and see headlights coming down the road. I keep rubbing my clit, my feet propped up on the table, my knees raised in the air. I moan, louder this time, as I near an orgasm.
Before my orgasm peaks and without removing the little vibrator from my clit, I reach over, grab the dildo, turn it on and shove it hard and deep into my soaking wet pussy. The car draws nearer to the park and slows down as it passes by, but ultimately keeps driving. I don't know if they noticed a naked woman on a picnic table or not, but the thought excites me. I groan loudly as I cum instantly. Spreading my legs as wide as they can go, I begin to pump the dildo in and out, driving it as deep as it will go with each thrust. Faster and faster I pump the toy. I can feel my next orgasm building. Suddenly the pressure releases and I cum again. My juices shoot out of me and I feel the skirt become wet underneath my bare ass. I keep pumping the toy, raising my legs, holding them up and apart. I feel the pressure building again. In and out, hard and fast, my pussy hugging the dildo tightly. I cry out as loudly as I dare as I reach yet another orgasm. I feel cum shoot out of my pussy and the skirt grows even wetter.
My body twitches as I pull the dildo out of my dripping pussy and I turn off the little vibrator. I reach up and unclip the clothes pins and groan as feeling returns to my nipples. I close my eyes and lay there naked in the chilly night shivering slightly as I come down from the intensity of my orgasms.
I feel a breeze and hear the rustle of the bushes, but I do not see a dark figure emerge from the trees. I do not feel his eyes on my naked body. I do not hear him drawing closer to me.
I gasp as a strong hand covers my mouth. My eyes fly open and I see a face above mine. I try to cry out and push the man away. He easily grabs my two hands in his one and pins them above my head.
"BE Quiet," he growls lowly in my ear. "If you scream, I WILL Hurt you." I don't make a sound when he removes his hand from my mouth. "Someone's been a naughty girl," he says quietly as he reaches down with his free hand and grabs one of my naked breasts. He squeezes it harshly and I bite my lip. "I think someone needs to be punished."
He yanks hard on the dress I'm laying on and I hear the fabric rip as he pulls it out from under me. I whimper slightly as I feel the pieces of it wrap around my wrists. He gives it a hard tug and stretches my arms as high above my head as they will go. He wraps the other end of the dress around one of the legs of the table. I'm tied down and can't move.
"What are you going to do to me?" I ask in a shaky voice.
"Shut up," is all he says.
He slowly saunters around the table like is surveying his captured prize. I feel his fingers caressing my skin as he circles my body. He makes his way to the foot of the table and his fingers slide down my body. I lower my legs and squeeze my thighs together. He tries to pry them apart and slaps me across my breasts when I fight him. "Open up, bitch." My leg muscles relax when he slaps me again.
He lifts my legs and forces my knees apart. "Mmmm," he moans. "Look at that beautiful pussy. No wonder you were pounding it so hard." He leans down and I feel his thick, wet tongue lick all the way up my slit. "Yah, tastes sweet too." He flicks my clit with his tongue and my body shivers. He buries his wet tongue as deep into my pussy as it will go and I moan in spite of myself. He starts to rub my clit with thumb and it puts me over the edge. I cum into his mouth and he laps it all up. Raising his head, he laugh and wipes his mouth. "Delicious," he says. "Now, it's time for your punishment."
Grabbing me by the hips he flips me over. I'm bent over the table, my feet nearly flat on the dirty ground. He caresses my ass and then smacks it hard. I cry out. He smacks it again and again. "Keep quiet, bitch," he demands. "This is your punishment for being such a little slut... Out here fucking yourself on a picnic table." I can feel my ass stinging with each slap. Tears are running down my face. And then he stops.
He rubs his rough hands over my now sensitive ass. I'm sure I have handprints back there. I feel his fingers stroke up and down my slit, from my tight asshole to my sopping wet pussy. "MMmm, you're enjoying every second of this, just like the slut I thought you were."
I didn't hear him remove his pants, but he must have because suddenly I felt him step closer, but it wasn't fabric pressed up against me, but bare skin - his dick. I feel his hardness pressing into my tight pussy and entering me roughly. He groans and I cry out with the sudden force. I feel his hands on my hips as he pulls out and drives himself into me again, the head of his long cock hitting my g-spot. Again and again, in and out, he fucks me hard right there on the picnic table in the park.
He picks up the little bullet vibrator and turns it on. "This looks like fun" he says, and he reaches around and presses it directly to my swollen clit. I cry out as I cum hard, but he keeps fucking me, drilling me.
Suddenly he cries out and forces himself deeper into me than he had before, pressing his pelvis hard into my ass. I feel the pressure as he reaches his climax and his seed pumps into me. He collapses onto my back, satisfied. He pulls out of me and cum drips down my leg.
"Thanks for the good time, slut," he says as he pulls up his pants and undoes the fabric holding me down. Holding it up to his nose he takes a whiff. "I think I'll keep this as a souvenir. Hope to see you in the park again real soon." And with a final smack on my ass, he walks away leaving me spread naked across a table with cum leaking out of my used pussy.