Glass surrounded me. Icy windows separated the hot summer's day from the freezing office interior. Other offices glared into this one and the large building blocked any city views that may have been promised. Strips of blue sky was barely visible with the block of grey that stood in front of this block of grey.
The office was large and empty with strategically placed ornaments that must've cost a fortune just to stand. Most were made of glass, either stained or transparent. White walls mimicked the clean and sterile atmosphere, whatever walls there were. The floor seemed too polished. It resembled a hospital, without the smell of bleach in the air.
The world seemed like a million floors below my feet. I watched the cars drive by like leaves drifting on a steady stream. My knees remained pressed to my chest, my toes pressed against the soft cushion and my back pressed against the arm rest. My bubble of security.
My left hand faced palm up with my arm draped over both my knees, facing the window. The sunlight felt strange on my arms. The soft skin glowed with a bronze tint, like gold in the sunlight.
"Don't do that!"
The screeching voice of my sister didn't push my mind from peace. I sat there without a care about the real world. I watched as the beams came through the window, a little distorted, and tanned my new skin.
It was a strip of red and pink soft skin, held together by black stitches.
The doctors stitched up my wounds but they couldn't stop my heart from bleeding. Physically, they healed my body. However, my mind, heart and soul were far from the mend.
It had been two weeks after he left. Those two weeks were hell on earth in my house. I came to terms with my feelings for him immediately when I felt how cold my bed was after our night together. The wedding was over and reality set in. I never realised that the situation between my parents were that horrible. The constant fighting and arguing turned into a cold war between them, with me in the middle.
The day Nadinne and Yurik arrived from their honeymoon, my parents broke the news of their 'long overdue' divorce. I never had a perfect family and I was okay with it, but seeing them like that, made me see the extent of their hatred towards each other.
"What are you thinking about?" the doctor asked me. Did I mention that I was in the middle of therapy, family therapy, with Nadinne and her husband.
I looked over to the doctor. She was blond and pretty but her attempt to distract everyone from her wrinkles, with horrible purple lipstick failed horribly. "You're a therapist. How do you make people feel comfortable and trust you when your office is so fucking cold?" I asked honestly. The question didn't faze her.
"Mind your language." Yurik just had to chime in where he clearly didn't have any say. We barely spoke full sentences for the weeks I'd been there in Dallas.
"I don't think the ten frames of degrees on your little wall does the trick. Everything in here is so glassy." I stated my opinion quite frankly. "I don't trust you. He pays you for every hour I'm in here and I'm sure you're milking him for all he's got. However, I'm positive that you have more important patients to tend to."
"Patients that are on the brink of suicide?" She said. " You've already jumped off, Nala."
"Well played, Doc."
"Now that we have established where we stand, I have pressing matters to address." Dr Williams seemed very professional. I didn't appreciate it. "How are you adjusting to the new living arrangements?"
"She's doing well." Nadinne said. "We want to decorate the room as soon as possible. She's starting school tomorrow. We want her to finish up her last year so that she can start college straight away."
"How do you feel about this, Nala?"
"I'm sure she'll handle this well. We can't just sit by and let her ruin her future by going back to that place." Nadinne rambled on. It had been a long time since we had family sessions together.
"Mrs. Kryger, I would like Nala to answer the questions directed to her." Doc Williams did have a backbone after all. Mrs. Kryger was her title now. It didn't bother me as much as I thought it would've. What happened between her husband and I was something of the past.
"Finishing up high school is one of the requirements to stay with my sister. I hate it, to be honest. I don't feel like I need them to play parental roles in my life. I hate the fact that I'm not home, where I should be taking care of my mother." I said frankly. Lying or hiding small truths from any of my therapists in the past didn't help anyone, especially not me.
"Yes, I'm aware of your past."
"Being aware is much different than understanding." I snapped. "My birth mother is very ill and I need to travel back home and take care of her. I can't go back before the divorce is settled and my custody too. Nadinne has temporary custody of me."
"Is that why you've been acting out?" She asked and nodded to my arm.
"I'm not acting out!" I barked at her.
"She is acting out." Nadinne whined. "She's irritable and moody and mean. I don't know what to do with her. It's been two weeks."
That was why I hated family therapy. I refused to deal with other people's emotional issues because I could not even deal with my own. "This is bullshit!"
"Do you see that, doctor?" Nadinne let her head fall into her hands in defeat. "They confiscated most of her pills at the airport. She's imbalanced. Mental!"
"That brings me to another important issue that we need to discuss. You are on several prescriptions, mostly to deal with anxiety and depression. Two of those are illegal in this state, like Ketamine. They contain substances that are seen as uncontrolled..." She paused very dramatically and continued on. "We have tried extensively to persuade the government but it's completely off the table."
"I've been on those meds since I can remember." Strangely, I felt really calm about it. "What is going to happen know? Will I be off my drugs?"
"Oh God no!" Nadinne sobbed. I rolled my eyes at how dramatic she was. "I remember what you were like before those drugs. I don't want to see you like that ever again. Doctor, what are our options?"
"I assure you, money is not a problem." Yurik added. He draped his arm around Nadinne to console her. I curled tighter in my chair. Just hand over a blank cheque.
"Look at it like a scale. Your combination of drugs and dosage were all balanced. Now we have an imbalance. I will work alongside your doctors and previous therapist to find the correct combination of pills and the correct dosage."
"However?" Yurik asked her.
"It will take time for the trails to work, we need you to be clean. This will take about three weeks."
I sat there, staring at her. "I'll be off my meds, medication that I've been on since my early childhood, for three weeks?" I asked her.
"Maybe a month." She replied. "Your pills were very strong. I'm surprised that they prescribed it to you at such a young age."
"I assure you that it won't be a problem doctor." Yurik chimed in again and I felt like taking one of those silly little ornaments on the table and shoving them down his throat. He couldn't promise that. I couldn't promise that. "We will have eyes on her. I'm just not sure about school. Should we postpone it until she gains back control of her mental stability?"
"Can you juts shut up!" I screamed. "You will not control me."
"It is all going to be okay, Nala. We are all here to help you." Doc Williams said with an eerily consoling tone to her voice. I hated it when people talked to me like that. Hate. Hate. Hate.
"We just want to help. For God's sake, take it!" Nadinne really added her melodrama to the scene.
I turned my back to them, after I swallowed all the harsh words I was prepared to spit at her. My focus returned to the stream of cars. This was my life. I wished that I never boarded the plane a few weeks ago. So many things changed that I wished were nothing but dreams. My present situation was fucked up beyond the scope of sanity. I was alone in a room full of people.
Clean, for a month. How liberating and terrifying all at the same time. The thought seemed so insignificant. It was funny, actually. It was never an option. I wanted it to be for so long. The want was soon diminished when I heard the strict warnings of therapist in the past. It's hard to see the silver lining when you're the monster lying under your own bed.
"Do you understand that?" her voice was something I had to get used to. Dr Williams was my BFF, confidant. She was on his dime anyway. What type of friend was she really? I never trusted anyone who required remuneration to help people. "You will go through withdrawl symptoms until we get you back on the pills. You may experience anxiety, muscle spasms, tremors, insomnia. There are a few pamphlets on the table if you want to read more about it."
I wasn't paying any attention to her babble, but Yurik took the lead in answering her questions. Nadinne was in her own world of despair. It felt odd to have Yurik care for me in that way. It seemed genuine for a second but then I realised that he paid for discretion.
Mirrors surrounded us. I leaned against the steel walls that joined to form a corner. Above us was a speaker that played some popular elevator tune. I watched my feet. The elevator stopped with a ding. Just as I lifted my head, I noticed Yurik watching my reflection in the mirror. I retreated and watched my feet again.
The doors opened to a long hallway, paved with black porcelain tiles. White walls had burst of grey paintings. Above us, we had a view into the blue sky. The blue, with puffy clouds reflected in the tiles. It was like walking on the sky. I loved it.
The hallway opened up to a large living room. The sleek couches and fireplace wasn't really important. They were plain to force everyone who stepped into the space to notice the view. Two floors of glass windows allowed the most breath taking views I've ever seen. If I stood too close, it was scary and lonely. The window was cold too, even on the warmest Texas day.
Nothing else about the place screamed home. My room was cold too but I loved the lights which looked like little circular stars. At night, the lights reflected off the black floor. I paced back and forth until the late hours of the night just to walk amongst them. It felt like a fairy tale, sometimes. I was Rapunzel in her tower made of glass and nightmares.
"Family meeting." Nadinne said just as the elevator doors closed. She moved in front of the fireplace. Yurik sat on one of the couches and unbuttoned the ridiculous blazer he wore. I had to remind myself not to notice how hot he was. Hitting myself wasn't an option, but it would have to be.
I sat on my own to participate in the ridiculous scene. Nadinne took a deep breath. "Nala, we love you. Love surrounds you, even if you don't feel it all the time. I want you to see this house as your new home. We care. We only want the best for you."
"We just came from an intervention, do we have to do this again?" I asked Nadinne. Yurik chuckled. God, I despised him.
"I'm glad that you both find it so amusing." She snapped. She was angry and emotional. "Do not hesitate to ask anything from us. We are here to take care of you." Just as she was about to continue with her outpouring of love, the elevator door dinged open again. It was weird because you needed to have a special key card to access the floor. "Just keep an open mind, okay."
A man strolled in. He was very big, like a bodybuilder. He tied his strawberry blond locks into a ponytail. Tendrils hung loose and framed his face. A sharp nose resembled Yurik's but he had brown eyes. All in all, he was pretty. He looked like one of those typical gym models I saw on social media. They were obviously just for show, they weren't really strong or athletic, just muscular. His style mimicked Yurik's; black everything with a white shirt.
"Nala, this is Alfons." Nadinne introduced us. Alfons only nodded to my existence. "He's Yurik's cousin and your new bodyguard."
"New?" I asked with so much sarcasm that it irritated Yurik. "You're acting like I had one before. Why do I need a bodyguard that looks like he's from a bad mafia movie? I do not need a bodyguard."
"It's important that you are protected, especially now." Nadinne was content with being the bad guy. Yurik just sat there.
"Now that I'm a danger to myself. Is that what you mean?" I asked Nadinne.
"Now that you may pose a threat to yourself and others." Nadinne said calmly. "He'll be there to do the things we can't. Alfons will take you to school, pick you up, take you out wherever you want to go. He's there to help you. Dr Williams suggested that..."
"I need a babysitter?"
"The decision is final!" Yurik barked his orders and the room fell quiet.
I stood, without acknowledging Yurik, and walked toward Alfons. He stood his ground. I sized him up. He was tall, wore an expensive black suit. Family money? His eyes were distant, uninterested in what was happening. I took off my long-sleeved white shirt before him. "Nala! What are you doing?" Nadinne screamed.
Alfons kept his eyes on mine. "Do you see this?" I lifted up my arm with my fresh cut. "Fourteen stitches, it's my best work thus far." I held out my other arm up, which only had little scars on it. "Wanna see more? You have to know what you're dealing with."
Just as fast as I took off my shirt, I dropped my jeans. I pointed to the scars on both of my thighs, they were small too, compared with my new one. They faded nicely. However, Gloria did try her best to convince me to undergo lazar corrective treatment. I denied it, at first. The thing that got me though, were the stares. People don't care why you did it. They only knew that people who cut were insane and a spectacle. I hated being a spectacle. However, they were just cuts so that I could remember that could still feel.
"For God's sake, why do you do this to me?" Nadinne continued with her pity party. I was in the middle of my own.
"I haven't hurt anyone as of yet." I said to Alfons. Pity became clear in his eyes. "I think I hate you, but I'll think about it for now. I know you work for whatever he pays you. Everyone around here seems to have their checks signed by him."
My attention fell on him. Yurik seemed unfazed. "Is your money going to stop me from doing this again? Do you wanna take the role of my father? Keeping me in a prison isn't gonna help me."
"Go to your room." He said. "You are in my house and you will follow my rules. I'm not trying to be your father. You will respect me, none the less. Alfons will report to me at the end of everyday. He will inform me about everything you do, or try to do. There will be extremely harsh consequences to your bad behaviour. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sir." I smiled wickedly at him. Those words would not have had an affect on me if it came from any one else's mouth. They came from his. It wasn't a threat, it was a promise. Oddly, I wanted to test it. I feared him, I did. I wanted him, I did.
I stormed to my room with Alfons in tow. He was my shadow from then on but I knew he couldn't step into my bedroom, so I slammed the door in his face. My uniform laid out on my bed. It was ugly. A navy-blue plaid skirt, hideously pleated and a white shirt. The tie was black with the school's emblem stitched on it. They must've had a meeting where they decided on the short white socks to prevent us from looking like every pervert's fantasy. They failed.
Completing my final year was a requirement. After that, I had permission to see my mother for a month, then I had to return for college. I prayed that my father would win custody and I could twist his heart so that I could stay with my mother indefinitely. It was my only hope. I couldn't stay with them.
I loved Nadinne, but my betrayal was too much to bare. I remembered all the things her husband did to me and the fact that I liked every single one of them made me feel even worse. It made me sick, I made me sick. I don't regret it. Just like a razor to my skin, Yurik made me feel, really feel.
My coping systems were easy to the normal person. I identified what triggered my magnetic pull toward him. I refused to look into his eyes. Those damn green eyes got me every fucking time. One glance was like a bulldozer to the walls that surrounded me. I focused on his sharp nose but occasionally my eyes wandered and I watched his lips move. They appeared so innocent. Puffy and pink. However, I knew what fatal venom they spat. God, his scent was intoxicating. Just him walking by became a problem. My body shivered each time I inhaled that sweet and strong smell of Yurik. I made sure to leave the room with some lame excuse. I couldn't make it obvious for Nadinne. Being in the same room for too long wasn't an option. I had two weeks down, a year remained ahead.
The big day came too soon. Starring in the mirror wasn't the best idea. If I stood there too long, I always managed to break myself down. I tied my hair back and clipped a black bow just above my ponytail. Just as I stepped into my polished black shoes, there came a knock on my bedroom door. It was Alfons.
"Miss, we need to leave or we'll arrive late." He said. His Polish accent was more profound than Yurik's.
As I stepped foot in the living room, Nadinne had her phone in my face with the flash on. "You look adorable! How do you feel about going back to school?"
"Like I'm on death row." I smiled wide for the video and then she switched it off.
"Take your lunch money." She placed a few notes in my hand. Her smile was kind of contagious. "Have fun and behave. Remember that many of our clients' children attend the school too."
With that statement I bolted for the elevator. Alfons was already waiting inside. The doors dinged shut. "Alfie, mind if I call you that?" I asked him, breaking the awkward silence in the cramped space.
"My name is Alfonzo, really." He said with no emotion in his voice at all. "I never liked when my cousins called me Alfons."
"You grew up with Yurik and Yunnes?"
"We were raised like brothers, Miss."
"Has he always been so..." I paused to choose my words carefully. I didn't know how true his loyalty was toward Yurik. "... uptight?"
"He was the wild one." He chuckled a little, just a little before he caught himself.
"What happened then?"
"He took on the responsibility of being a Kryger." The sadness in his voice was clear enough to me. They were probably very close. More research had to be done.
I arrived late but turned out, the principal waited for me outside the large iron gates with ivy slithering through each loop and elegant design.
"I'm Mrs. James and let me be the first to you to St Matthews Prep." She said. "Nala, we are so excited to have you attending our institution."
The woman was in her late fifties and wore a hideous but sophisticated grey pant suit. She had jet black hair and big dark brown eyes. They didn't seem friendly to me and her hands were extremely cold, when I shook them. Her smile was too wide.
"Follow me."
We entered the school. Everything about it screamed rich. The design of cream walls with dark polished wood finishes suited it well. Glass cases of awards aligned the hallway. The kids were smart. Good for them.
Mrs. James went on about the school's history and such. I pretended to care. Honestly, all I really focused on was how tight my shoes were and how my tie was too tight. My palms were sweaty and my heart pumped irregularly fast. Thee throbbing in my head became a constant feeling. I was nervous, obviously. I forced myself to focus on my breathing which my body refused to do.
She opened a door to the auditorium filled with other students. There weren't a lot of kids but the auditorium wasn't that big either. It was quiet, except for the principal's clicking heels. I took a seat in the corner, avoiding eye contact with any of the other kids who seemed very curious about me.
Mrs. James was on the stage by then. Teachers sat on the chairs that aligned on the stage. Strict gazes and grouchy faces were plentiful. The principal spoke a few words and then everyone stood up and sang the anthem. I stood there like an idiot. A few minutes down, I had 7 more hours to go.
I kept to myself most of the day. I tried to memorise all the names of the teachers I had lessons with. Most of the kids tried to be friendly, I wanted to run. Social situations weren't my thing. The last bell rang and I bolted for the door, a girl waved at me but I forgot her name already.
Alfonzo waited for me inside the black polished SUV. We drove home in complete silence and it didn't bother me. I watched the buildings pass by slowly as we cruised through traffic. When we stopped in front of the building, he finally said something. "I'll be back in an hour."
"Shouldn't you be on me the entire time? You're slacking on the first day, Alfie that's bad." I joked. He did not laugh.
"Boss' orders."
He drove off and I headed up with the elevator. Oh my, I noticed something horrible. My hair was a mess. I had very long curly hair but my baby hair never really grew, so then they decided to stand straight up into the air, despite all the pressing I did. All the coconut oil in the world wasn't ever enough to tame it. I looked like that the whole day. Queue my dramatic sigh.
The penthouse was empty. Thank god. It was the first time I was alone. It felt weird but great. I took off my shoes and stared in the mirror for a bit. My clothes were hideous but I had to live with it for the next year. Hurriedly, I stripped down to my shorts and tank top and tossed the uniform in the clothes hamper.
As I walked to my large floor-to-ceiling window, I wondered if anyone could see me? I was very high up but there was a building across the street. I only saw figures of people moving but I could never make out any faces. It was a weird feeling, knowing that someone might be watching me whenever I slept or changed clothes.
While in the middle of my pondering, the telephone rang. I ran toward the kitchen and unhooked the sleek silver phone.
"Nala?"
Hearing that voice made my heart jump into my throat. It was him.
"Yurik?" I asked, making sure my voice remained calm.
"I need you to..."
"Does Nadinne know you're calling me?" I rambled in a panic. "I do not think this is appropriate. I need to hang up the phone. I do not think..."
"Listen to me, NOW!" he barked. That made me quieten down, for sure. "I want you to do a few things for me."
"You didn't have to yell at me." My voice was small, meek. Were my feelings actually hurt?
Yurik sighed heavily into the speaker. "I apologise." His tone was gentler and sweet. "We will have important guests over tonight, by seven. I sent for a chef, Pascal, he'll arrive at five. Buzz him in."
Was it bad that I fell into that spell he always put me under whenever he spoke to me? I thought so. His voice was so deep and his words were so precise and calculated. His tonne was firm and demanding. "Are you listening?" he asked me. Honestly, I didn't care about what he spoke about, only that he was speaking to me. It was rare to have more than a few words thrown my way, now I had full sentences, orders.
I imagined him before me, looking down at me with those green eyes that made me quiver. Seeing hunger behind his gaze was something of the past. I craved it.
"Nala?"
Just hearing him say my name was such a turn on. My skin felt hot. The room felt humid. "Yeah?" was all I could've said.
"Take the elevator to the 'C' floor and select a wine for tonight, white preferably. Do not take any wine or whisky from the glass cases. They're collectors items."
"Yes sir." That came out in a very sultry way that I prayed he didn't notice. I couldn't control my thumping heart and laboured breathing. What was he doing to me?
"I do not appreciate that. You don't have to be so proper with me. We live together and see each other everyday." He explained. "I imagined that being friends was an option for us?"
"Friends?"
"Yes." Yurik went on and on but I couldn't focus. My hands roamed over my breasts and stomach and it felt amazing. "Do you understand? You seem distracted. Anyway, this isn't something to discuss over the phone. We must talk."
There were far better things. "Okay." I spoke into the phone with such apprehension but he was totally normal. I lost my effect on him. What did he say? We had to talk face-to-face. It was that important. I didn't hear what it was about. Oh well.
The dial tone sung on the other side and I just stood there. I felt my own body sing. The tiny hairs on my arms stood on end. It was like my body radiated electricity. My hand brushed over the hair and my skin sang louder. My fingertips traced over my lips that were full and puffy from my constant biting. I wanted him to bite my lips.
I pressed my hands against my sides in protest. My thoughts and what I wanted to do were wrong. It was betrayal of the worst kind. I didn't want to hurt anyone. The memories of him hurting me came back. He hurt me because he didn't know how to deal with his desire for me. He was good at it now.
I walked toward my room with determination. I was a good girl and good girls didn't touch themselves while thinking of a married man. However, something caught my eye and made me stop. It was a picture of Yurik and Yunnes in matching suites.
Yurik looked so handsome in his suit with a little bow tie around his neck. My determination completely dissolved.
My hands travelled up my thighs and I touched myself. I slowly rubbed myself with one hand and held onto his picture with the other. My mind wandered.
I imagined his hands on me. The guilt shrivelled up and was replaced with lust. His hands were so strong. Just a grip would leave bruises on my hips and thighs. I marvelled at them. Knowing that he couldn't control himself with me gave me a sense of power.
Sweat droplets formed on my back. I was burning up. My legs felt weak and I felt my own wetness seeping through my underwear and tights. Leaning against the wall gave me a sense of stability. My thighs actually began to quiver.
Blood pumped into my swollen lips. I refused to release my lower lip from between my clenched teeth. Just a little noise from my throat posed a threat. Alfie could've been just outside the door. The penthouse was so big that I imagined my voice echoing through it and being heard by the other people in the building.
Breathing was one thing I couldn't control. It became harsh and laboured. It was too loud. The way that my fingers manipulated my body felt so good. I knew if Alfie walked in at that moment, I wouldn't care.
With all the shit that I went through, I deserved this. I deserved to feel this good. Every muscle in my body tightened and remained coiled like a snake ready to strike. My rubbing became fierce and urgent. I had to come. I needed to come.
Lips kissed along my neck and teeth grazed the sensitive skin. I yearned for his touch. His scent surrounded me and I inhaled, greedily. If I had him in front of me, my body would've exploded in seconds.
My eyes opened reluctantly to the picture in my hand. He looked at me. Those bright green eyes burned holes into my soul whenever he glanced my way. My weakness. His power radiated from the picture. Was it his posture or just his aura?
I needed him. It was obvious. I hoped it was only obvious to me and not to the people around me. I just had to steal one touch from him. Just one.
That feeling. It accumulated inside me but I felt empty. I ignored it. My brows furrowed in frustration. My face contorted as if I were in pain. I came slowly and softly. It was heavenly in a way that amazed me.
My muscles relaxed and I sighed with content. However, one thought didn't escape me. He made me come the hardest. It disgusted me that he knew my body better than I did.
For a few seconds I thought the ringing was in my head but it was actually the telephone. With weak limbs, I walked to the phone. I leaned on top of the counter and pressed the device to my ear. "Nala."
My heart went into overdrive and I almost lost myself again. "Did you do what I told you to do?"
"Do...do what?" I asked. The trembling of my vocal cords didn't go unnoticed.
"I asked you to choose a wine from my cellar. Did you do what I asked you to do?"
"Yeah." I lied. "White. You like white wine." The guilt didn't affect me as much as his voice.
"I hate white wine." Yurik said. "I like red wine, but I love whiskey."
"I hate wine."
"You haven't tasted fine wine, Nala." His voice was low and thick. "I'll take you down there one day and introduce you to it. However, we need to tune your taste buds before then."
Immediately my mind ran free. Imagining his taste buds against my clit was enough to soak my panties even more. "Yeah."
"Goodbye Nala."
He hung up and I listened to that dial tone for a few seconds longer. I felt lost. I couldn't control myself anymore. The dinner. How would I look him in the eyes? He will see it all over my face.
Those thoughts played on a loop in my head all the way down to floor 'C'. It was like an old red brick basement. There were no windows and a light hung in the middle of the room. An array of bottles aligned the walls. Each had their own little hole to lay in. The walls were high and each shelf reached until the ceiling. There were actual ladders. In the middle of the room stood a glass case, filled with velvet. I was too afraid to touch it so I just leaned in and took a peak. About seven bottles laid on that case, surrounded by velvet. I couldn't pronounce the names. One had a pretty buck on it with long horns
"The Dalmore." I said aloud. "Fancy."
I scanned the racks. I grabbed the first white wine I found and stepped into the elevator again. The place creeped me out. I felt real serial killer dungeon vibes down there.
I showered and wore a cute green dress. While combed out my hair, I heard the phone again. This time, it was the concierge. "I have Mr. Pascal Kryger at the door, ma'am."
Another Kryger? "Let him up, Paul." I said and then strolled to the elevator to wait for the chef.
Honestly, I found it irritating that Yurik only hired family members. Where there really no other people to hire out here? I shrugged off the feeling when the elevator doors slid open.
The chef, in his late fifties strolled in with a wide smile. I grabbed the brown paper bags filled with ingredients from his full arms. "You must be Nala, the magazines do not do you any justice." He said, with the same thick accent as the other relatives. Still irritated.
"You saw pictures of me?" I asked him. I appreciated the small talk. Yurik never spoke to me, up until recently. I found that very weird. Yunnes never put down the chance to insult me. Alfonzo was nice but too quiet. This family irritated me. Why was I so irritated with everyone?
"The wedding was all over the news back home in Poland. It was hard not to see your face there." Pascal said as he sorted the vegetables on the counter. I didn't fully understand what that meant but I didn't have the energy to confront anyone. I knew I was he only person of colour in those pictures, unless you counted the people with fake tans.
"Can I help with something here?" I asked him. I really didn't mean it. It was the polite thing to do.
He started to order me around and I just obeyed. Being left with nothing to do was the worst thing that could've happened. My mind would roam. That was bad. I realised that I could take the opportunity to ask about Yurik and his dark family past. "Are you Yurik's personal chef?"
"No." He said. I continued to cut the carrots. "I come in whenever he needs me. I love working for the family. Yurik works too much. He is just like his father."
"Kryger Shipping is a very large business?"
"The largest shipping company in Europe." He said with so much pride.
"I heard the wedding was strategic. Do you think so too?"
"Oh Sweetheart, everything his father does is strategic, Yurik is the same." He liked to gossip. I could tell. "Should I arrange all the puzzles for you?"
"My family has access to almost all the ports in the county. Yurik's company has a lot of ships... oh my..." it was like an explosion or something went off in my brain. It all made sense. What Yunnes told me at the wedding was totally true. I wondered if Yurik loved my sister or if it was just part of the strategy for her to fall in love with him. My parents obviously knew about it. All this made me ill.
"Do you think that Yurik and my sister are in love?" I'd have to pry until I crossed some imaginary line of confidentiality.
"Who really knows?" Pascal sighed. "That boy was practically forced into a suit before he hit puberty. Work is all he knows. If he loves her, that's great. If he doesn't, then he deserves an Oscar."
"I think you should come over more often." I smiled. "The stories are just as good as the smell in the kitchen."
"Wait until you taste it." Pascal brought the spoon to my lips with a little white sauce on it. I blew on it and tasted the creamy goodness. I hummed with satisfaction. "I told you. You're not like your sister."
"Is that a bad thing?"
"Honey, in a family like this, it's a rare thing. You're not so uptight like the rest of them. You should not let the Kryger family get to you. They are..."
"What are we?" Yurik's stern voice interrupted the wonderful conversation. He walked in, with Nadinne in tow.
"They are so serious." Pascal finished off with a sweet smile. He was like the uncle that I never had, with a young and playful twist. He joked around and I knew that Yurik couldn't correct him because of the age difference. Respect your elders.
"I thought we shared the same last name, Uncle?" Yurik said. I couldn't tell if he was trying to mimic Pascal's playfulness. I never saw Yurik being genuinely playful.
"Uncle Pascal, how have you been?" Nadinne gave him a side hug. Uncle Pascal didn't reply, he only focused on stirring whatever that was in front of him. "Are you ready?" Nadinne directed her attention toward me.
I starred down at my pretty green dress. I wore a cardigan because of the scar on my arm. The stitches were out already but it itched, so it was healing. "I looked fine for whatever you have planned." I said with a hint of disdain behind my words.
"Button that up." She said while pointing at the black wrap. "We need to set a good example. We need to impress Mr. Yung. He's on the board of directors of your school."
"Don't I go to a convent?"
"It's a private school. It took a lot of donations to get you into that school, Nala. Just behave." She meant 'donations'.
Uncle Pascal shook his head and chuckled. "She looks fine."
"What do you think?" I asked Yurik, who was quiet the entire time. He scanned me once. I saw his jaw clench, or I thought I had. "Cover up." It was all he said and then he disappeared into his office.
I huffed in defeat. I thought I looked presentable. I buttoned up the cardigan and continued helping Uncle Pascal. Yurik was his usual weird self. I ignored it.
After we finished, Nadinne changed and I saw Uncle Pascal out. He was so sweet. "Call me whenever you want to. I'll be over in a snap. I might be aging but I can outrun all of you." He laughed.
"You'll have to cook me something." I joked.
"I'll whip up a five course meal and I'll only charge you a hug."
I hugged him as tight as I could. It felt amazing to have someone around me that was kind. It felt weird that I only met him today but I already missed him as soon as those elevator doors slid shut. He was my friend. He was on my side.
Just when I turned to check on my phone, the concierge called. Our guests were downstairs. I confirmed and yelled for the 'family' to come out.
The doors slid open and a slightly older Asian man stood there. He wore a black suit with a blue undershirt. His black hair had hints of grey in it. His facial features were stern and upset. He looked down at me and assessed. "Is this the right floor?" he asked.
"Nala!" A girl came from behind him and hugged me. She looked familiar but apparently she knew me very well. "Yes. We are here Father." She said. When she smiled, I recognised her dimples. We were in the same class.
She had jet black hair that came down just below her ears. She had a bangs too, which complemented her huge dark brown eyes. Overall, she was very pretty.
I invited them in and, just then, Nadinne and Yurik emerged from hiding. They were dressed up. This dinner thing was probably very important. The girl sat next to me. The men sat at each end of the table. Nadinne sat opposite me.
I got up and served the people. I didn't mind. Actually, I felt very out of place. The girl kept staring at me and I felt bad that I didn't know her name. I would've felt like an asshole if I asked for it.
I sat in silence. The grownup talk didn't interest me at all. I just added whenever they asked me anything like how I liked the school and such.
"Nala, why don't you show Anne the view from your room?" Anne, there it was.
We excused ourselves and I took her to my room. When we entered, she walked to the full length window. It was dark already, so the lights were very pretty. "Does his mean we're friends now?" She asked me in the sweetest voice.
"I guess so." I stood next to her. I felt weird about it. I don't know why. "You're my second friend out here."
"Who's the first?"
"My new uncle." I said honestly.
"My father ordered me to be friends with you." Anne said, more like confessed. "I wasn't planning on it but when I saw you at school, you seemed so friendly. The people say that you have problems."
"People?" I asked her. Her honesty came off quite harshly. I knew she didn't mean it.
"The kids, the teachers. Father told the teachers to pay extra attention to you."
"I hate that people need to walk on eggshells around me." I said. I grabbed her pinkie with mine. "If we're going to be friends, you can't walk on eggshells around me. Promise?"
"Promise." She tugged on my pinkie and the promise became real.
After the grownup talk, Anne's father called her and they left. Anne texted me as soon as she got home. I had two friends and I felt on top of the world. I didn't feel crazy once. It was a good day.
I decided to top off the night with ice cream. Strolling down the hall, I thought about Anne. She was so sweet and honest. I needed honesty in my life. I hoped she would make a good friend.
"Nala!" His voice came through his office doors just as I passed them. I sighed heavily. "Yeah?" I called back.
"Come in, we need to talk." He said. Just what I needed. I was actually happy for like three seconds and now I had to be in his face. "Close the door."
I closed the double doors behind me and reluctantly walked inside the lion's den. Yurik wasn't a lion. He was like some kind of panther. He had the eyes to match. Yurik moved like a panther. Grace and strength, power and stealth.
The office mimicked the rest of the penthouse. All the furniture remained simple but elegant so that all the attention remained on the spectacular view from the floor-to-ceiling window. He looked very intimidating siting behind the black wooden desk in his dinner suit. He looked sexy as hell too.
"Sit down."
The tension in his face was evident. I became worried. He was nice to me a few minutes ago, or was it an act for the Yung's?
"Listen, I've been really well behaved considering that I've been off my medication for a few days now." I tried to clarify the situation, pleaded my case for a lighter sentence. "I didn't do anything wrong today, I swear."
Yurik just sat there with his elbows on the table and his fingers intertwined in a fist. He inhaled deeply and turned his computer screen without saying anything. It showed an image of the hallway leading up to the elevator. I didn't know what I was supposed to look at. "I think your screen saver is really great and all. I love your floors but I don't think it's that amazing."
"It's not a picture." He said calmly. "It's surveillance."
Just as those words came from his mouth, I walked into the frame. I wore my favourite black tank top and black tights. I paused and shifted my attention to the photo and I grabbed it.
I watched in horror. "The camera moved. Why did it follow me? Did you make it do that?"
"The cameras are movement sensitive. If you move, they will follow you. I have them set up in all the communal areas like the hallway, kitchen and balconies. All the vulnerable places in the house have cameras." I paused and grabbed the frame. It took almost a whole minute of staring before I moved again. It was like I didn't breathe for that whole minute. I changed, became someone else. I saw it. I felt it. Yurik paused the video just before I started touching myself.
"Have you watched the whole video?" I asked him. I couldn't look into those eyes right now.
"Alfonzo." He said like it meant nothing. "He is the head of my security and has the password to the security in the house. The others haven't see it. I'm sure."
"I don't care who's seen it. Did you watch he whole video?"
"It was live streamed to me."
"You watched me fuck myself with the picture of you. It does explain why that second phone call came in so fast after I came." I said all I had to say without thinking about what I actually said and to whom. "Why am I here?"
"You cannot do this anymore." He said this with a hint of authority.
"Explain this rule to me so I can decide if I want to obey it." I was calm. I just couldn't bring myself to look at him.
"You are allowed to pleasures yourself as much as you want. However, I do not want it on camera for other people to see." Yurik explained. "Your language is vulgar, change it."
"For other people to see?" I asked him. "You're bothered that other people saw me? You're not bothered that I touched myself while thinking of you?"
He sighed heavily. I couldn't tell if it was because of frustration or defeat. I remembered Yurik when he became angry. That Yurik made me wet. No, every type of Yurik made me wet. "I do not care who you think of whenever you do that to yourself..."
"When I fuck myself?"
"Yes."
"You don't mind that I imagine you're the one touching me, manipulating my body and making me come?" my eyes were on him this time. I felt bold and hot. It was like I was standing up to the bully. "How many times have you watched that video?"
"That will be all." He shrugged me off like I didn't matter. It bothered me.
I stood, but I didn't leave. "Does it bother you that Alfie saw me doing it?" I leaned over his desk and stared deep into his eyes. His jaw clenched when I licked my lips and I knew that I still had a little power over him.
Without breaking the imaginary connection between us, I straightened up and brushed my hair over my shoulder. My hands settled on my thighs and began bunching the green silk together as they slid further up my thighs. My nails dug into my skin, leaving red welts behind.
The further up I went, the more his gaze slanted. He kept his focus on my exploring hands. At the apex of my thighs, I revealed my cute maroon lace underwear. The breeze hit me hard and shivers ran all over my skin. I cupped my mound with urgency.
Nadinne was there, just a wall separated us from her.
The rubbing, it felt different. Every movement became intensified because his eyes were on me. He remained motionless but his eyes shifted from my hands to my eyes, which remained on his. My breathing became the only sound that seemed to echo in the room. I felt dizzy but I stood my ground. This was his show.
The muscles of my inner thighs flexed repeatedly and my body glowed from the slight sheen of sweat. I felt beautiful, sensual and powerful. I watched his adamsappel bob up and down and his jaw become more defined each time he clenched his teeth.
The silk felt tight and it seemed like steam rose all around me. I refused to stop. I needed it. I needed this. More importantly, I needed Yurik. Watching his fingers turned me on. I imagined what they could do to me. My heart pounded against my chest and exploded. I wanted it to last longer but I came too quickly. My thighs clamped shut around my hand. I refused to close my eyes.
Yurik watched the fireworks explode and fade into nothingness behind my eyes. I saw nothing behind his own. I remembered seeing want and lust. It was gone. His green orbs contained nothing but cold distance. Where had the fire gone?
"Are you satisfied?" he asked me.
The folds of my dress fell to my knees and I regained my breath. I searched in his eyes but found nothing. "Not yet."
Leaving quietly seemed like he best thing to do at the time, so I did.
While in my room, alone, I wandered. I sat with my face pressed against the glass of my window that stretched from the black floors to the white ceiling. Below, the cars passed me by on the street. A high rise apparent stared back at me, blocking the view that I wish I had. It was closer than I ever saw before. The window opposite mine had the light on and I saw straight into their living room.
I saw myself on that brown couch with my feet on the coffee table, I wore green socks and comfy pyjamas. The TV flooded the room with blue light so I could see my own expression. I seemed content.
Someone else came into the blue light. It was Yurik. He asked me something, probably what show was on. I bet I replied with 'our favourite'. He sat next to me, draped his arm over my shoulder and pulled me closer. I snuggled up against him.
Everything appeared to be normal. It was a normal that seemed impossible to obtain. We would never have the apartment across the street. Our life would never be normal. I had to come to terms with that. "Normal is boring." I said, but ignored the cracking in my voice.
Yurik and I would never amount to a 'we' or an 'our'. It was all too clear.
The next morning, I woke up in a foul mood. Everything and everyone seemed to irritate me just by existing. I stayed in my room until Alfie called. We rode to school in silence, I refused to press any conversation out of him.
I sat in English class and starred at the clock which seems extra slow today. My tie felt too tight and my right pinkie toe ached from the constant pressure it was under. Anne sat next to me, since she was my new BFF, and concentrated on what the teacher spoke about.
Just as the bell rang, I was the first out of my chair and out the door. I went to the bathroom to sort myself out. The few splashes of cold water on my face calmed me down and I actually felt better. I slowed my breathing but my hands kept shaking. I never felt like this before. What was happening to me?
Anne came in and hugged me out of nowhere. "What's wrong?" She asked. "Nothing, let's just go to class." I snapped at her. I kind of felt bad about it. It wasn't her fault that I couldn't control my anger.
She grabbed me by the arm and dragged me into one of the stalls. After locking the door, she held both my hands. Out of nowhere, I started crying. "I hate this feeling. I can't control my emotions."
"We can stay here if you want to." She suggested.
"Are you kidding me?" I laughed out loud while tears ran down my cheeks. "Miss Perfect-Attendance bunking class. Is the world coming to an end?"
"I'll just tell my dad that I got my period. He won't say a word about it." She laughed. We both laughed.
We sat in that stall for three periods, up until lunch time. I never talked so much in my life to one of my peers. I talked about my mental problems and how I got it from my mother. She spoke about how her mom died when she was seven and how her father mostly dictated her life ever since. It felt strange being so open with someone and not caring about what they thought.
"It must be hard to live under the public eye like that." Anne said.
"What do you mean?" I asked her. I was unsure where that came from. I wasn't under the public eye.
"Have you ever googled your family before?" She asked me. "I have." Anne took her phone from her backpack and typed in my family name into the search bar. Less than a second later, results popped up and she clicked on the first link.
"Your family has control over majority of the harbours surrounding the country. Kryger Shipping is a monopoly in European import an export. His family owns more ships than any other company in Europe." She explained it with so much enthusiasm that I found it highly amusing.
"Honestly, I don't know what any of this means." I confessed.
"When your sister married into the Kryger family, it was seen as the most important business mergers in the last decade." She said. "Your family is famous. Everything you do is in the papers."
"Like what exactly?"
"Take the time to research, Nala. I'm sure you'll find something about yourself somewhere. All I'm saying is that people are watching."
"You sound like Big Brother." I laughed it off but our conversation stuck with me, even throughout our lessons.
I survived the day and I was looking forward to binge watching this new series I found a few days ago. I threw my bag by the door and hurried to my room to change out of my hideous uniform.
"Nala!" I heard his loud and demanding voice. At first, I thought it was my imagination but then I heard it again. "Nala, my office!"
"Are you fucking kidding me?" I sighed heavily and marched to his office. It was like the day just went from awful to fucked.
I reluctantly opened the door and found him sitting behind his polished desk. My plans of ignoring him became impossible. Why was it so fucking hard?
"Sit, we need to talk." He said. I remembered the last time we had to 'talk'. It didn't work out so well.
"About what?" I sat down on the uncomfortable leather arm chair.
"Mrs. James called to inform me that you bunked three lessons today." His voice was calm for some reason. "You had a history test with Mr. Holloway today. Is there a particular reason why you felt like this was okay?"
"I didn't feel like going." The moment those words came out my mouth, I regretted them. I shouldn't have said it like that. I spat it out before thinking. I was fucked.
"You didn't feel like going?" His voice deepened but increased in volume. "Is that your excuse?"
"I could lie and tell you some other bullshit about how I wasn't feeling well, but I won't." I said.
"Your teachers have been complaining about your attitude in class. You're snappy and rude. I've ignored it because of your condition but this can no longer continue." I sat there and listened to his banter and waited for my punishment. "I know it must be hard to control yourself, but you have to try."
"You know?" the question came out very harshly, which was unintended. "Do not sit here and pretend like you understand what I'm going through."
"Have you ever opened up to me?" he asked me. He took a long moment to gather his anger. "It is difficult to establish clear boundaries that separate you and I. The things that happened in the past need to remain there and you have to realise that I am your legal guardian. I am not your friend or whatever you think I am."
"What are you trying to say?"
"What happened last night will never happen again." He said firmly without a doubt behind his words. "We are family and it will remain that way. I will not hurt your sister ever again. Our relationship matters too much to me."
I felt relieved, like he lifted a huge burden off my shoulders. Whatever was between us weighed me down and complicated my life. Life was not meant to be this difficult. Yurik was one less problem in my world but I had many more to face.
"What now?" I asked him.
"I cannot let you leave." Yurik said. "You misbehaved and I told your principal that I would handle it. Choose your punishment."
"If I choose my own punishment, will it still be a punishment?" I asked him. He seemed just as confused in the situation as I was, but obviously more irritated.
"I'm not experienced in punishing kids."
"I'm not a kid."
"My patience is wearing thin."
I thought about it for a few seconds. The need to feel his touch never left me. Although he continuously spoke about how we should keep our distance, I couldn't stop what I felt. "Spankings normally work."
"Your father spanked you whenever you misbehaved?" Yurik smirked just a little.
"No, never." I said honestly.
"How many?"
"Dealer's choice."
A long awkward silence passed before he said anything. Contemplating his next move seemed like the obvious thing to do. "Stand up." I did as I was told. "Now lean over the desk and place your elbows on it. Good."
He paused for a minute and just stared at me, then he stood and walked over. My eyes remained forward. I couldn't see him but I felt his strong presence. I felt the cold air conditioned breeze caress my thighs as he pulled my skirt up. I wore my usual black tights underneath my skirt. I wish I hadn't.
In the few seconds that I stood there, my senses became very alert. I tried to hear everything between the silence. I couldn't hear his breathing. My skin became sensitive due to anticipation. Each hair stood on end, waiting to be stimulated by the slightest of touch.
Praying for his touch fell on deaf ears. I heard his belt buckle being undone and panic took over. Fight or flight? I wanted to run as I heard him pull his leather belt from each loop of his pants. Then, as if to taunt me, he dragged the leather against my thighs and over my ass.
I heard the cracking of the belt against my skin more than I felt it. Only seconds later I felt the sting. I peaked behind me and saw Yurik with the belt in his right hand. Intimidating, was one word to describe him. Sexy, was one of them too. The second hit came down harder than the first. I felt it and everything became real. The third, fourth and fifth came so fast and hard that my elbows buckled and I fell onto the desk.
Not only my ass felt like it was on fire but my whole body too. In an effort to remain quiet, I bit into my arm. Just letting myself feel the pain centred all my wild emotions. My anger and anxiety faded into the back of my mind while I listened to my body sing.
After each blow his grunts became stronger and angered, I became wetter by the second. With all I had in me, I wished he would just rip my clothes from my body and fuck me like he had a few weeks ago. His rage fuelled my lust and desire. This felt nothing like punishment, it felt like a reward. I deserved to feel his wrath after seeing nothing behind his eyes.
As I blinked away the tears that clouded my vision, I saw that same fire in him as that night in the church house. He looked at me for a quick second and stopped. Yurik slumped down in the chair behind me, panting. I had lost count. I didn't move until I was told.
In one pull, my tights were around my ankles. I felt his green eyes assess the damage. His fingertips brushed over what I assumed were welts or bruises. I could only feel him pour gasoline on my already burning skin with his hard fingertips. Shivering like a wet dog wasn't the sexiest of reactions but I couldn't control my legs. I didn't feel like I had to.
"Shhhh..." he whispered. I calmed down immediately and my body settled. "Alfons?"
"He's ... in... he is in.. security room."
"Good." Yurik said in his deep hypnotic tone. "Spread your legs for me, Nala."
It was like my heart beat accelerated. "You just said that..."
"I know what I said. Do as I say. NOW!" I knew his bite was far worse than his bark, but he really scared me when he spoke like that. I wondered if he ever spoke to his wife like that? No. It was not the time for guilt. I wanted it. "See that, you can be obedient when you want to."
"Want?"
"It's just that smart mouth of yours that gets you into trouble." He almost sounded like a man possessed or under a trance.
Fingertips brushed against my lips and I almost leapt over the table. "You're wet. I'm not surprised, my little pain slut." Yurik said with a slight lightness in his voice. "Do you become wet whenever I'm around you?"
I peaked over my shoulder but I only saw his blond locks behind me. "All the time."
"And how does it make you feel?" He asked. I didn't try to understand where he was going with this. His touch was all that mattered. God, I missed it.
"It's frustrating because I can't concentrate when I'm around you." I answered quite honestly, but I wanted to drag this out for as long as possible.
"How many times have you fucked yourself while thinking of me?" Yurik asked while playing and caressing my pussy. "I need numbers. Count them for me."
"Every night since I have been here and in the shower, every morning." I confessed. "Three weeks."
"How badly do you want this?"
"More than anything." Desperation fit me well. "Please, please, please." Begging always came easily.
With that, he pushed two fingers deep inside me. My eyes rolled into the back of my head from how good it felt. Weeks of begging and craving his touch made just the slightest caress electrifying. I finally got my hit of the most addictive drug; Yurik.
He didn't rush, I wouldn't have wanted it any other way. I didn't know what would happen after this. All I knew, was that we had now. Honestly, I didn't care what happened after I decided to leave his office. I really didn't.
My legs kept shaking and my orgasm approached faster than I wanted it to. A finger grazed over my swollen clit and I let my body settle onto the desk. My nails dug into the desk and I dragged them against the wood. Yurik whispered something under his breath. Then he curled his digits inside me but kept up the slow and torturous pace.
"Mmmmmh..." I groaned into my arm, that muffled most of the noise that escaped my throat. Grinding against his hand didn't encourage him to speed up, but it didn't matter because I stood on the edge of pleasure. My stomach tightened and my thighs clamped shut.
Then, he stopped.
"No,no,no, please." I begged without any shame.
That laugh was something I never heard before. It was evil in some way. "I think this is a more effective punishment, don't you?"
In anger, I stood and faced him. My hand dropped to my pussy and I rubbed my clit vigorously. I regretted it immediately. Yurik lost all sense of control and grabbed me by the hair. With one push, I hit the window behind his desk. His hands were in my hair again, but this time he forced me down to my knees. Yurik opened his zipper and his dick sprang free and hit my cheek. Strong fingers forced my mouth open and in one thrust, he forced himself down my throat.
I gagged around his girth but it didn't stop him. Fingers remained in my hair to keep me steady. Trying to push him away only seemed to fuel his desire. Looking up, I stared straight into his emerald green eyes. Lust. I saw it as clear as day.
Minutes past and my jaw began to ache. He allowed me to breathe once in a while but I focused on not puking on him. Finally he sped up and I felt him swell in my throat. His grip tightened in my hair, he rammed his entire length inside my mouth and stiffened. The groans, moans and growls that came from this man's mouth was better than my favourite music.
I swallowed all that I could and when he finished, he pulled out. He wrapped his hand around my throat and dragged my limp body to a stance. I shook like a leaf but received no sympathy. It was almost if if Yurik found it amusing.
Green eyes assessed my condition and then something unexpected happened. Yurik licked the tears that streamed freely off my cheek. "If you fuck yourself without my permission, it will be one orgasm you'll regret." He whispered while looking me in the eyes. I knew it was a promise but the way he said it made my stomach turn. "Understood?"
I answered reluctantly. "Yes sir."