It was a normal ordinary day - sunny with the prospect of a tan!
As I wandered aimlessly through the supermarket I spotted a tanned beauty that I just couldn't let pass without saying hello.
Her tanned skin was an instant attraction. She wore a light thin dress. It was obvious her breasts were free under her dress and if in the right position a very nice glimpse of side boob was visible. I wondered if she had knickers on and pretended to look at an item on a shelf to get a better view.
She moved and began as if to go to the checkout so I knew it was now or never. I followed her and worked up the nerve to talk to her.
"I love your tan"
Her face was one of surprise! I think my comment shocked her but not in an offensive way. Her smile indicated that she was curious about my comment. She thanked me. We then discovered we were both keen nudists and were keen to share our passion for the sun together in each other's company. The jolts of excitement running through me were electric. Quite a stirring was going on inside my pants as well with my cock pulsing and beating with an erotic blood rush.
We exchanged numbers and agreed to meet and catch some rays together.
This prospect filled me with excitement that I hadn't felt since I was a young child at Christmas.
I sent her a text to let her know of my impatience and excitement and to my delight she invited me around.
I arrived at her flat not knowing what to expect. I noticed that there was no private place to sunbake nude which made me curious.
I nervously knocked on her door and was greeted with her naked. I enjoyed how liberated and comfortable she was - a true nudist in the sense of the term but also very sexy and enticing.
Her tan was amazing - a golden brown with no tan lines.
Her breasts bounced and swayed as she moved. Her nipples begging to be sucked and pinched.
Her pussy was smooth and pretty. But I was hypnotised by her arse. Her curve from her waist was incredible and her hips so good that I imagined holding on to them in future as I fucked her. And the shape of her peachy bum was such that I just wanted to bury my face between her cheeks.
She invited me in and it felt completely natural that I take my clothes off.
I wasn't self conscious at all and when I removed my underwear revealing very hard cock both of us weren't fazed at all. I fact I liked the way she took sneaky looks at it and the way it brought a little smile to her face.
She said "let's go get some sun."
Immediately I thought where? There were no fences inside her block of about 6 units. There would be no privacy. My heart starting skipping beats. As a self confessed exhibitionist I got a huge thrill out of showing off my body. The added bonus that I was here with this tanned naked beauty as well about to go sunbake nude.
She walked outside without a care in the world. I obediently followed. I asked about whether her neighbours minded and she said no one really bothered her. It was kind of an understanding her block had that she often sunbaked naked her and there was no real reason for others to be here. I was wondering what was wrong with her male neighbours! If I was one of them I would be constantly making excuses to "bump" into her out in this back area.
We settled our towels down and layed down in the warm energising sun.
She made no attempt to hide her body away. I glimpsed between her legs to see her neat smooth pussy with a hint of moisture on her outer lips.
Her breasts bounced and moved with her adjustments on the towel and it was like a signal to me saying "come play!"
Her hips and arse were something I could not take my eyes off and as I layed on my stomach I pushed and rubbed my hard cock on the towel I was laying on to self stimulate. Given the chance I would have blown on the towel.
We pleasantly got to know each other and spoke of many unknown common interests. She had a knowledge on things that I immediately related to.
After an hour or so I announced I had to go - I was actually on lunch break (if only my work colleagues knew!)
We kissed briefly on departure and hug a pleasant nude hug back inside with the prospect of more nude lunches and tanning.