His new life left Henry unprepared and vulnerable. He had gone from a failed marriage to whorehouse manager in what seemed like head spinning time and now was caught between the sexual ecstasy of three accommodating young girls and on the other hand the moans of his wife, Lana, putting out for customers. It was all such a big mixture of joy and torture that he didn't know how to feel from one minute to the next.
In their marriage, he had this idea that Lana had marginal interest in their sex life and so he pulled away and they rarely had sex. He blamed it on her. Now she was selling herself to whoever would pay the tab and appeared to be enjoying it. He knew anger was involved, anger towards him, but who prostitutes themselves to punish their mate? Rational people just leave.
He thought maybe he should just pack his belongings, sell the house and relocate far away from the incomprehensible. At least for the present he couldn't do that.
He knew it was messed up in his head and, as she pointed out, he didn't know much about her at all. Still, he clung to the idea of loving her and the possibility of reconciliation.
In the dark of the night, with only the light from Abigail's pool, the girls were entertaining a group of customers and in the middle of it all was the distinct shadow of Lana taking cock against the chain link fence that separated their yards. Her body shook with the fence at each thrust of his excited shaft. And as Henry watched them, with the rhythmic metallic sound of the fence, he found himself aroused and wanting to be the young man who was fucking his wife so happily.
This vision meant he would need to be serviced.
Per their agreement, Henry texted Abigail requesting that one of the girls come over when the pool party ended. He watched her reply, 'Got you a little charged up? One of us will see you soon!' He liked that it was a surprise as to which of the girls; Candy, Ginger or Abigail, would appear.
About an hour later Candy came to his back door, still in her bikini, and he roughly took her by the wrist and pulled her inside. He kissed her hard and grabbed her ass with both hands.
"Wow," she said, "working something out?"
"Just shut up, bend over and spread your legs."
She held onto the kitchen counter and he didn't so much fuck her as assault her, his banging knocking the wind out of her. It didn't last long. His ferocious energy took him from 0 to 60 immediately and in less than ten minutes he laid a cum trail up the curvature of her back.
As if coming out of a trance he said, "Sorry, Candy, I'm a little emotional."
He reached for the paper towel and wiped the cum from her back. "Lucky for you I like it hard," she said smiling. She put her arms around his neck. "Now I'm gonna take a guess that you're having a tough time with Lana's new profession."
"I just don't understand it."
"I never knew her before now but it seems to me she's acting out and what better way to rebel than control your own pussy. She's beautiful, men want her and she's going to make them pay for it. Don't ever tell her I said this but I think it's a combination of liking it with a pinch of revenge. If you can hang in there you never know"
"How did you get so wise, Candy? What are you? 23? 24?"
"I had to grow up fast and that meant learning to read people. But thanks for the compliment."
He hugged her and kissed her sweetly and she left with, "See you next time you need a nurse, hehe."
***
He began doing minor repairs around their house which meant occasional Lana encounters but he disciplined himself to stay to the task at hand. Only a few times did he accidentally walk in on the girls displaying their wares for a potential customer and then he kept on moving. He mowed the lawn, trimmed the hedges, planted flowers, repaired the plumbing and devised a way to keep the back entrance fairly discreet with some clever fencing. He even cleaned the pool.
For the inquisitive neighbors he came up with some sorority nonsense that was just this side of believable, making Lana the house mom and tutor. The main thing was that they eventually blended into the neighborhood with fewer and fewer questions.
His reward was more pussy than he could possibly handle and staying close to Lana. He gave himself a psychological out just in case he couldn't handle her being so close but so far away...but he was going to try.
Most of the men wanted the younger girls but Lana had her fans and as much as he didn't want to know about it, sometimes it was too close to avoid and their worlds collided.
Coming home from work one day there was a man on his porch knocking on the door. Coming around from the garage he asked the guy if he could help him.
"Ya, I'm looking for Lana."
"She lives next door," Henry said, pointing to the cathouse.
"I know, I've tried but nobody answers."
"Well maybe she's simply not home."
"She's gotta be. We had an appointment," said the man, getting more agitated by the second."Do you know her?"
"Yes, you could say that."
"I'm gonna wait up the street at the bar. If you see her, give her this note." He quickly wrote something on a piece of paper, folded it and handed it to Henry.
After he left, Henry read the note: 'Need you bad, baby. Answer my text. I'm waiting. Frank.'
It was another one of those bizarre moments and this time he's supposed to deliver a note to his wife that some sex desperate guy wrote her? What? He texted her the note and she texted back, 'Busy. Last one ran long. He'll have to wait.'
Now he was the cathouse wrangler.
Each time he inadvertently stumbled across one of her admirers his mind immediately went into hyper mode, imagining the guy fucking her. He decided either he would become numb to it or the 'for sale' sign would go up.
A day later Abigail came to the back door wanting to talk and they sat in the lawn chairs. Having Abigail over for any reason made him happy.
"Henry, I know you've done a lot for us but I need to ask more."
"There's more?"
"There is now. We initially took on Lana as our madam; scheduling, handling the financial and keeping everything in order. We also gave her the option of taking on a few clients if they were interested. Turns out she's popular with guys who like older women and now she's got as many customers as the rest of us and so nobody's steering the ship. So, I want to ask..."
"No..."
"Henry, at least hear me out..."
"No...you want me to schedule my wife's customers? It's too weird."
"I know, Henry, but we love having you around and there's the trust issue and we know we can trust you. We'll put you on the payroll and, of course, three beautiful girls will fuck your brains out."
"Isn't there that display thing you do for new customers...the lineup...wouldn't I have to be involved in that? I'd be shopping my own wife!"
"Yes, but we don't do that often. Most guys make appointments online. Please, even if it's only a little while, consider doing this for us. And for Lana too."
After a long pause, "You're going to make me hate myself, aren't you? Do you know how hard it is to say no to you?"
She reached over and put her hand on his thigh. "I hope very, very hard." Then she giggled. "Would it help to make up your mind if we went inside and I applied my charms to the decision making process?"
"You think you can get a man to do anything by spreading your legs?"
"Yes," she answered confidently.
He laughed a little. "Wanna prove it?"
She took him by the shirt collar. "C'mon, stud." She led him inside and they got as far as the kitchen, pulled down his pants and swallowed his cock. "Ummfffffff" As she removed it, "Please help us out and there's way more blowjobs like this," and she swallowed it again, licking his balls and jerking him off. He was in blowjob heaven.
He was about to say yes when he decided he needed more Abigail. "Pants off, Abby."
"Yes, sir, Henry!" she said with a charm that made him smile. For whatever path she had chosen for basic survival he understood her strength of intelligence and adaptability. He knew, in a world of unrelenting resistance, she was successful because she was special. He was growing to admire her more every day.
"Cum in my mouth," she offered and he unloaded onto her tongue. "Of course I'll do it. I care about you girls. It's not what people do for a living that impresses me it's who they are, and you are a special person, Abby."
As she was leaving she said, "Love you, Henry."
***
And so began Henry's 2nd career as a madam. He had grown weary of his office job but it would likely still be waiting for him if he wanted to return. In the meantime, he treated his new job like a vacation from boredom. They had fun with his title since there seemed to be no male equivalent for the position other than pimp and nobody liked that one. It was Ginger who came up with the classiest name. "How about 'Monsieur'?"
After that it was referred to as Henri's House and if you wanted to see one of the girls, whether you booked online or not, you eventually had to go through Henry. He made sure fees were paid up front and ran interference if the guy got out of line.
Booking Lana's appointments was about as weird as he expected but he came up with the convoluted idea that this brought him closer to Lana and proved his love for her.
The jury was way out on that one.
One day a 'John' came in wanting to spend a bundle on a girl and wanted the lineup. He called down the girls who weren't busy which amounted to Candy and Lana and they posed.
"Well I want everything on the menu and I want two hours."
Henry handed him the literal menu and as the customer read down the list and cost he was disappointed not to find anal sex.
"Sorry about that but it was the girl's decision although that is negotiable with each individual girl."
He looked at both girls for the longest time before crudely asking Lana if she'd "take it up the ass from a big cock along with everything else on the menu?"
Lana said seductively, "If you pay me very well you can fuck me any way you want."
"I'm Mitch, what's your name, gorgeous?"
"Lana."
"Well does two thousand for two hours work for you, Lana?"
"Absolutely. I'll go upstairs and get ready while you pay Henry."
"Looking forward to it, baby doll."
Lana went upstairs and Candy left to tease patrons as a cam girl.
As the guy peeled the bills off his roll he leaned into Henry. "Do you see the ass on that girl? I'm going to be up to my balls in her."
"We hope you enjoy your visit," said Henry through clenched teeth.
As the guy turned to go up he stopped for a second to warn Henry that, "When I fuck a girl they tend to get a little loud," and he went up.
For everyone's security Henry had a camera monitoring setup in the bedrooms and backyard around the pool, anywhere sex might occur. He was supposed to occasionally make sure everything was fine but, this time he couldn't stop himself from switching Lana's bedroom from the matrix to fill the entire screen.
He knew what he was doing wasn't quite ethical but fuck ethics, he kept the sound just high enough to be heard at the desk and kept one eye out for the other girls.
The show started...
Mitch sat on the edge of the bed. "Bring that hot snatch over here and let me undress you. I like that."
"Sure, whatever you like," she said, slinking towards him.
He went about joyfully removing every article of man-bait she had on until she stood before him with nothing but her stilettos. "Mmmmmmm, I'm going to enjoy fucking you, Lana," and he jammed three fingers up her pussy and leaned in to tongue her clit.
"Is that good for you, bitch?"
"Oh, fuck, yes..." moaned Lana.
(Henry was locked in, unable to look away, his hand unconsciously massaging his bulge.)
Little time passed before she exhaled and with a shudder released some of her juices onto his face. He smiled, "Now my hot bitch is ready."
He unzipped his pants, then removing his clothes completely he stood over her in his shorts. He sat her on the bed where he'd been and at eye level let his huge cock fall out before her eyes and he held it in his hand.
(On Henry's monitor it looked like a chunk of PVC pipe. "Oh, Lana," he said to himself.)
"Fuck..." she said in slight fear and amazement.
"Suck it, girl!"
Lana struggled to take it even halfway down. As the tip of his shaft kept hitting the back of her throat. Her eyes watered and she gasped for air.
"That's it, girl, take it down...and look up at me while you do it..." "Gluuukkkk, gurrrff, ucccckkkk"
After letting her up for a breath. "Take it ALL the way!"
"I'm not sure I can," she pleaded.
"All the way!" He took her head with both hands and forced it down her throat, then held it. "There you go. Good girl." Finally he let her up and she coughed and spit out saliva, trying to catch her breath. "Ohh...god..."
"See what a great little cocksucker you are?!"
"Lay back, girl," he said, grabbing her ankles. More than the length of his cock was the girth that stretched her to the max as he put it hard to her pussy. "Oh my god...fuck, you're huge...fuck." The orgasm once again welled up in her and "uhnnnnnnnnn" her juices covered his shaft.
(Henry couldn't stop jerking.)
When she mounted him her glorious tits fell into his mouth. Looking up at her face he watched her vacillate between the pain and pleasure of his meaty member. He felt her already stretched cunt tighten and knew she was orgasming again. "Uhhhhhnnnnnnnnn!!!"
"Like that, bitch?"
"Fuck, yes!"
"Ride that bone, baby."
(Henry had never seen her orgasm so repeatedly.)
***
Henry muted the monitor feed. "Ya, hi, I've got a 3pm appointment with Abigail?" said the lanky client.
"I'll let her know you're here and she'll be in to get you. You pay me first."
Abby soon whisked him away and he unmuted the feed.
***
Not much had changed except that Mitch had reached up and was choking her. He was getting rougher with her.
"On all fours, bitch!"
She dismounted and presented her rear to him as he ordered.
"I'm gonna love this..."
He stuffed his oversized meat in her from behind and she screamed again as it filled her so completely. There were moments it hurt and she would yelp but the overwhelming pleasure took her mind off of any discomfort.
He pulled her hair, spanked her ass, pounded her pussy raw but nothing prepared her for the anal sex. She readied as best she could for what she knew was coming, but he was going to sodomize her with something the size of a man's fist. It didn't seem possible but he mercifully spread the lube over her anus and entered slowly.
As he pushed harder she screamed, sounding like a wounded animal.
(Henry, looking on, was worried she would break but never stopped jerking off.)
Lana yelled out each time he stabbed her hole but then from out of nowhere "Oh fuck, I'm coming again!!! Oh shit!!!! Uhnnnnnn!!!"
"Look at you! You love getting ass fucked don't you, bitch?!"
She cried out as his rhythm picked up. He had been fucking her for over an hour and still managed to hold back an orgasm of his own. She noted his stamina until...
"I'm cumming...oh fuck, you little bitch...I'm cumming..."
He put her on her back and fucked her ass even harder if that was possible and in the midst of her screams he pulled out and launched an incredible stream of cum on her face and neck.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuuuuccccckkkkkk!!"
(Henry came underneath the desk, shooting his spunk everywhere)
He laid there while she cleaned up and came back to lie with him. She stroked him gently and soon his dick came back to life and he entered her again, fucking her exhausted body. He was rougher, slapping her tits and at one point slapping her across the face. She instinctively reached up and slapped him back.
A satisfied smile came across his face. He reentered her ass and while she screamed he demanded she, "Twist my nipples hard!" and when she did he shot his cum in her ass. Uhhhhhnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!
"Fuck, girl," Mitch said, "I'm gonna have to see you and your pussy on a regular basis. Interested in more?"
"Absolutely," she said. "You bring that tree trunk back here and fuck me, baby."
He tipped her $200, kissed her and left.
She lie back on the bed still breathing hard.
***
As he came down the stairs still zipping up his fly, he said to Henry, "Put me down for that girl every two weeks, same time. She's fucking hot shit."
A few minutes later, Lana came down in her robe. "Hi," was all she said.
"Hi, Lana."
She just looked at him..."You watched didn't you?"
"Yes."
"What did you think?"
"I thought you were incredibly hot."
"Really?" A slight smile came to her face.
"Really."
"Aren't you angry at me?"
"I try to be...but the cum I sprayed on the carpet under my desk says otherwise."
She put a hand over her mouth and laughed. It was a sight he hadn't seen in so long it made him nostalgic.
"You masturbated to me fucking that guy?" she giggled.
"Yes."
She sat down in a chair across the room from him. "Maybe I don't know you so well either," she admitted. "Did you like the way I looked?"
"You were more sexy and beautiful than I can ever remember."
Suddenly, Lana got uncomfortable. "I have to get ready for my four o'clock," and she ran back upstairs. He sat there in her wake and wondered why life had to be so difficult.
He went and got something to clean the carpet and while he was under the desk he heard Lana say, "Thank you." and when he got up she was gone again.
When he went home for the night he sat out in his backyard and had the oddest feeling...like he'd just come home from a first date.