Chapter 1
Many years ago, I dated a woman named Hannah. She was about 5'4", Asian, a cute body with size B breasts. Her nipples were usually hard, which was difficult to hide unless she was wearing a heavily padded bra.
When we dated, we often talked about our sexual past. The following is a story that she told me several times. I believe it to be true because while over time, she revealed more of the story, it was always pretty consistent.
Hannah always had an exhibitionist side to her and loved it when guys did a double take when she walked past them.
Hannah was in high school in the 1980's, and dated a guy named Chris for about three years. Chris helped Hannah explore her exhibitionist fantasies through relatively innocent activities like wearing shorter skirts, having her perform a strip tease for him in private and having sex under the high school football field bleachers. She was always worried about her reputation, and even though she fantasized about showing off her body, she could never go through with it, because she was always afraid of getting caught and discovered.
Hannah and Chris decided to break up their senior year since they were going to college in different cities; she was staying in Chicago and he was going to school in Boston. They kept in touch, talked regularly and saw each other when Chris would come back to Chicago to visit family. When they did get together and they weren't in other relationships, they would still fool around just for old time sake.
Chris often asked Hannah if she still had fantasies about showing off her body. Hannah would confess that that was still a fantasy. She even told him that after her junior year in college, she spent part of the summer in the South of France, and she would get so wet going topless on the beach and having male beach go-ers checking out her breasts.
Towards the end of their Senior year in college, Hannah got a voicemail from George. It said, "Hi Hannah, this is George. I'm Chris Jacob's best friend and best man. You probably know that he's getting married this summer and he asked me to reach out to you and chat. Please give me a call back at 617-xxx-xxxx."
Hannah thought, "Damn it, what a weasel, Chris wants to invite me to his wedding, but doesn't want to call me directly about it? He's having his best man do it?" She was tempted to call Chris and just harass him about being a coward, but instead she thought she'd play along and call George back.
When she got a hold of George, the conversation went like this..... "Hey George, this is Hannah. You called me about Chris' wedding?"
George told Hannah, "Oh yes, I know you heard that Chris is getting married in July after graduation. I'm his best man and I'm planning on throwing him a bachelor party in NY the Friday before his wedding."
"That's pretty nice of you, but I don't think I'm going to the wedding. I haven't received an invitation," Hannah told George.
"Yeah, that's not why I'm calling. Forgive me, if I'm crossing a line, but Chris told me that one of your biggest fantasies...," he paused, "...is to strip in front of a group of guys, but you could never do it, because you are afraid of impacting your reputation."
Hannah was in shock and replied, "What the hell. Why is he telling you that? Does he tell everyone about my fantasies?"
"No no no, sorry. He only told me, well because... he wanted me to ask you if you were willing to come to NY and strip for his bachelor party."
Hannah stopped him and said, "This is a joke right? What the hell?"
George paused a minute, "No, it isn't a joke, and I'm so sorry. This is such a weird uncomfortable conversation for me."
"Uncomfortable for you? You are asking me about my fantasies and asking me to be a whore," Hannah said in an irritated tone.
"I'm so sorry. Chris nor I think of you as a whore. Chris thinks you are beautiful and he's shown me past photos of you and he's right, you are incredibly beautiful. He just thought that maybe this was a 'safe' way to play out a fantasy."
"What do you mean 'safe' way? I don't get it," Hannah started to calm down but was still confused.
"First of all, I really don't mean to offend you. So I'm sorry. But honestly, this was something that Chris thought you might find intriguing."
Hannah replied, "Ok, I get it. I won't take offense that you just asked me to be a prostitute at a bachelor party. Seriously, I'll just take this as horny boys that want a sexy woman, and I'll accept the compliment of being a sexy woman."
George said, "Yes, please. Thank you, that's exactly what it is. We honestly think you are super sexy and Chris really does think you would enjoy this. So when I said it is a 'safe fantasy,' here is the thing. Everyone at the bachelor party will be Chris' college buddies. No one from Chicago nor in your social circle will ever know about this. If it is true that you have exhibitionist fantasies, you can totally act out the fantasy, as far as you want, and no one will ever know that you did this."
Hannah was stunned and speechless as she heard George continue, "And we would pay for everything. I'd send you a round trip plane ticket along with some funds for you to buy some sexy outfits ahead of time. We are having the bachelor party in a large hotel suite, two bedrooms connected to a living room, and you will spend the night in the hotel suite. We would pick you up at the airport on Friday and drop you off on Saturday.... You've been quiet, are you still with me?"
Hannah replied, "Yeah, I guess I'm in shock. I can't believe he told you about my fantasies. I can't believe you are asking me to prostitute myself out. And frankly, I am shocked that I can't hang up on you. I am a little intrigued. How do I know that the guys will like me?"
"Please, he's shown us photos of you and we all think you are super hot," George replied.
"Wait who did he show pictures to and what pictures?" Hannah was starting to get really turned on and really nervous.
"On no no, none of your nude photos, just photos of when the two of you were dating in high school. Just like date and event photos. And only myself and the other two groomsmen saw these."
"How did you know that there were nude photos?" Hannah asked.
George paused trying to figure out how to respond, "Uh, well ok. Chris did show me some of the nude photos you sent him over the last few years. Without trying to sound creepy, I loved them and I have had a few personal fantasies about you myself."
"Well I appreciate you being honest, and I guess I always knew that there was a risk in sending Chris those nude photos, but I also knew that Chris hasn't kept in touch with any of our old friends. I do like the fact that you enjoyed them." Hannah replied.
George said, "Well I'm glad. You are so beautiful, you should be proud of your body. Look, I understand that you haven't done anything like this before, nor would you ever do anything like this ever again. We know you aren't a slut. Everyone has fantasies, and not many people have a chance of living out their fantasies in real life. We are only young once and if we ever do anything which is 'wild' we should do it when we are young so we can use the excuse, 'well I was young and dumb.' So what do you think? I assume that this conversation and the fact that I saw your nude photos is turning you on. What do you think, are you willing to do this for Chris and for yourself?"
Hannah replied, "Can I think about it for a week? I mean yeah it sounds safe, and it sounds like an amazing opportunity, but I am not a slut, but it might be fun being treated like a slut for an evening. Can I think about it?"
"Of course. If you make up your mind quickly, give me a call and we can get things arranged, if not, let's talk this time next week?"
So they ended the conversation and Hannah realized that she was super turned on and very wet. She knew that she had to do it, but she wanted to enjoy thinking about the possibilities first.
Hannah and George talked a week later. Hannah said, "Ok, let's do this. I have some questions though. First off, what are you expecting me to do? I mean, do I just show up to the party and take my clothes off?"
George replied, "Honestly, I haven't thought about it. I know Chris wants the chance to fool around with you one last time. I assume he means that you two would do that in private. But I think at the very least, we want to see you strip. I'll probably pick you up from the airport, then take you to the hotel, you can get ready and we will all go to dinner as a group. Then we'll come back and play poker. I assume you would strip during this time, and afterwards, you and Chris could enjoy some time alone in the bedroom."
Hannah replied, "That all sounds good, but what if after I strip, I'll put Chris in the middle of the room and you all can see how good I am at giving Chris a blow job?"
"Uh, yeah, that would be amazing. I'd love to see you suck on Chris' cock and check out your nude body as you do it."
"Ok, so let's do that. Are you expecting anything else? I mean, I assume you know this is NOT a gang bang." Hannah replied
"No no, this won't be a gang bang. Just strip and do Chris. I promise you, we will respect your boundaries." George said.
"Is there any preference on outfits? I assume I should dress sexy but classy for dinner. It should be a warm night in NY, so a skimpy dress that shows a lot of skin would be good?"
"Yes, that sounds good. As far as other outfits, I think some sexy lingerie to strip out of, and maybe some other racy sexy dress or shiny leggings so that you can wear something to socialize with the guys if you finish with Chris before everyone leaves the room. Maybe a bikini to strip out of as well, just leaving options open."
"All that sounds good. So I'll look out for the flight information and the clothing allowance and you are going to pick me up at the airport."
"Yes, that's all correct. We'll talk a few days before your flight just to check in, but if you need anything in the meantime, just let me know. Thanks Hannah. This is going to be so sexy."
"Thanks for asking, I have to say that I've been thinking a lot about this for the last week and I've been super turned on about this." Hannah replied.
George then said, "Can I ask you one last favor? Can you send me a few sexy photos of yourself? I've actually been fantasizing about you stripping at the bachelor party and I wish I had some actual pictures to use during those fantasy times. Obviously Chris won't share his nude photos of you, could you send me a few?"
Hannah laughed, "Sure, as long as you promise not to share them with anyone."
"I promise Hannah." They ended the conversation there. Hannah, as promised, sent a whole set of super sexy nude and semi nude photos to George.
Chapter 2
In the next month, Hannah went back and forth wrestling with the idea of going through with the bachelor party. She knew that all they were expecting was a fun strip tease, but she also knew that they were hoping for so much more. Well at least she was clear, no gang bang.... She probably picked up the phone a dozen times, dialing George's number ready to back out. But she decided to be prepared, just in case she would really go through with it.
She went shopping and bought a few outfits. Hannah figured that she needed a sexy dress for dinner. Hannah decided on a dress that would be short enough to tempt the guys to try to look up her skirt when she sat down. And something that was backless so that it would accentuate the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Then it had to be something satin and show as much skin as possible.
She found the perfect royal blue satin mini dress. It barely covered her crotch, showing off her long legs. It also was completely backless and gave admirers a little side view of her breasts and chest. In front, it had a deep plunging neckline that showed off her cleavage nicely. She knew that NO ONE in her friend group could ever see this dress, but she was super excited to wear it for the guys. When she tried on the dress in the dressing room, the sales girl came knocking on the door. She said, "How's the dress fitting? Can I get you a smaller size or anything?"
Hannah replied, "It's perfect, I love it."
The sales girl said, "I love that dress, can I see it on you?" Hannah opened the door and stepped out to find the 3 way mirror. The sales girl said, "Wow, that is such a sexy dress and you look so good in it."
Hannah replied, "Thank you. You don't think it is too much?"
The sales girl said, "Well where do you plan on wearing it? I mean I wouldn't wear it to church, but to a night out, that would be perfect."
Hannah laughed. Without thinking she said, "No, an old boyfriend is getting married...."
The sales girl stopped her and said, "Damn, you are going to make him think twice about the wedding and the bride is going to be so pissed.... You are going to steal all the attention away from everyone."
Hannah thought, crap, I should have said I was going to Vegas. "Well the wedding is in Vegas and my girlfriends and I were planning on going to Vegas a few days early, so I thought I should have a dress to go out in that was Vegas appropriate."
The salesgirl laughed and said, "This is the perfect dress on you then. Just make sure you don't run into the bride, she'll be pissed."
Hannah decided to look for a few other outfits at the store. In addition to the dress, she also bought a white see-through cami and tight cream colored pants. She figured the cami would allow the guys to stare at her nipples and breasts while still being covered and the pants would allow the guys to stare at the shape of her ass. She also found a gold thong bikini which she thought would be fun to strip out of, and a pair of silver panties to go with her new blue mini dress. She figured if guys were looking up her dress she wanted a pair of panties that contrasted with the blue so they knew that they were staring at her panties.
Hannah paid for her items and two sales girls were at the register. One that was helping Hannah in the dressing room, and another girl. Both of them were saying, "Oh, I love this outfit," or, "You are going to look so hot in this." Hannah felt a little embarrassed, worried that they thought that she was a professional escort going on a trip. As Hannah left the store, she saw a couple of other sales girls come up to the two girls at the cashier. They were all whispering quietly and staring at Hannah as she left. She knew they were gossiping about her. Probably calling her a "slut" or a "whore." But she knew she wasn't a prostitute.
She thought about this for a second and realized that yes, she was being a slut for the weekend. While technically she wasn't being paid money, she was getting a free trip and getting free clothes in exchange for stripping in front of a bunch of guys and getting them sexually charged. She also had to fuck her old boyfriend in exchange for all this. So she was being a prostitute. "But NO NO NO." She thought in her head. "I'm not a prostitute. I'm just going to NY to have fun." She asked herself "What am I getting out of this?" and the answer was fulfilling a fantasy. She wasn't getting paid, she was doing this for her own fun. Sexually turning on guys, having guys admire her, was a huge turn on for her. So she said to herself, "I'm not a prostitute. I'm totally a slut. I'm totally going to turn on those guys. I'm totally in control of that party. But I am not a prostitute."
The week of the bachelor party came fast. George called Hannah on Monday to check to make sure everything was still on.
George said, "Hey Hannah, just wanted to make sure you got the plane ticket.
Hannah replied, "Yeah, I got it. I should land at 3:00 in NY."
"Good, I'll pick you up, I'll take you to the hotel and that will give you a few hours to settle in and get ready for dinner."
Hannah replied, "That all sounds good, but I have to tell you George, that I'm super scared. Except for old boyfriends and the photos I've sent you, NO ONE has ever seen me naked. And I've never gotten naked in front of a room full of dressed guys."
"Hannah, that's totally fine. There is nothing to be scared of. Nothing bad will happen, Chris and I will make sure of that, and these are all old college friends that we totally trust. They are all gentlemen. And frankly, the fact that you haven't done this, is one of the big reasons why we asked you. We could have easily hired a stripper for this, but knowing that you aren't a professional is super sexy. Knowing that you are getting naked in a room full of guys who are fully dressed and just watching you is super sexy. Knowing that this is your fantasy and that you are truly enjoying it, not just doing it for a professional fee, that is what makes this whole thing so sexy, Hannah, this is a safe place. We will totally protect your boundaries and we just want to make sure everyone has fun with this."
"I know, I know. I am super turned on just thinking about living out the fantasy. I am just a little scared, but I guess this is my only opportunity to do ANYTHING like this. You can count on me, but dang I am nervous."
They talked about her outfits and some of the guys that would be there, but Hannah couldn't get her mind off the fact that she will be totally naked in front of a group of 10 guys who would be totally dressed. She knew that they would be memorizing every curve of her body, the color of her areolas, the stiffness of her nipples and the folds of her pussy. She got wet thinking about the event.
Friday rolled around and as she got ready for the airport, she knew that this would be the first time George would be seeing her in person, and she was kind of hoping to see Chris with George, so she decided to try to wear something conservative but slightly sexy. She ended up going with a pair of cut off denim shorts and a white satin cami without a bra. She thought that would do a great job of showing off her nipples for the guys picking her up from the airport. And as long as she was going to be a slut for 24 hours, she might as well get started at the airport.
As planned George was there at the airport ready to greet her. Chris unfortunately wasn't there, but George did give her a huge hug and broke the ice by being a bit over the top outgoing and sexually forward. "Dang, you look so sexy in those tiny shorts and that satin top. I'm sure every guy in the plane could tell that your nipples were hard and ready."
Hannah laughed and said, "Aww thank you, but ready for what? Do you think the guys on the airplane know that I'm coming to NY to be a slut? or do you think that they believe I'm a prostitute meeting a client for the weekend?"
George, "Well honestly, you look way too classy to be a prostitute, but I'm sure many of the guys know that you are going to NY to fuck a friend."
They laughed at that. It was a pretty quick ride from the airport to the hotel. Hannah was a lot less nervous than she expected. She told George that she appreciate the fact that he turned the conversation sexual right away, that broke the ice and allowed her to just accept that she is going through with this whole event.
When they got to the hotel suite, she saw Chris in the living room alone. She dropped her purse and gave him a huge hug and said, "Congratulations, I'm so happy that you are getting married tomorrow."
Chris replied, "That's sweet of you. I wasn't sure if you would be happy or jealous. I mean, we were a good thing for a long time."
Hannah said, "Sure we were, but that was a long time ago, and I'm glad you are going to be happy. And how could I be jealous when your last sexual encounter before marriage will be me? And knowing that you are helping me fulfill this fantasy, well that just says a lot about how sexy you think I am."
Chris replied, "Babe, I can't believe you agreed to this, but I also kind of knew this would be a huge turn on for you. Thinking about you stripping in front of all my buddies and fucking me one last time has been a huge turn on for me. Having you as my personal slut for the last night, that is amazing. Thank you for agreeing to do this."
"What the fuck, what did you call me?!?!" Chris and George got stone quiet. Hannah laughed and said with a smile, "Chris, I am your slut. But just for tonight."
Chris, George and Hannah made other small talk for a bit while Hannah settled in. Soon Hannah said, "Hey I should get ready for dinner," and paused.
Chris replied, "Go ahead, we'll just watch while you shower and change."
Hannah laughed, "Yeah, that's not going to happen, you will have to wait for me to make my entrance when the other guys get here. So get out of here so I can get ready." Chris came up and gave Hannah a hug goodbye, and reached up and pinched her nipples through her white cami. She laughed and gave him a light slap on the face.
Well Hannah went to the bedroom to shower and get dressed.
Chapter 3
As Hannah was showering she decided to shave her pussy. Normally she had a full bush, but since she was playing the slut this weekend, she wanted to make sure guys knew that she was taking care of her private parts for the show and have a clear view of her pussy.
Then as she dried off and did her make up, she put on the blue dress, you know the satin blue dress that barely covered her crotch, completely backless except for a couple of small straps with a plunging neck-line. No bra, no panties, just the dress and a pair of sexy heels.
She looked at herself in the mirror. It was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. First off, her back was bare and totally exposed. The plunging neckline showed that there was no bra between her breasts. And since she was nipping as usual, you could see her pokies pushing against the material. Looking to her side and saw that there was plenty of side boob showing. "I need to be careful. If I want to show the guys my breasts all I have to do is bend over a little and everyone will get a clear view." She pulled the makeup chair in front of the mirror and sat down. Crossed her legs and uncrossed them. The dress was so short it cast a shadow down only half of her pussy, but she knew that if she really wanted guys to see her pussy lips, she would have to open her knees a few inches.
She thought, "Damn, I look like a slut." Hannah was nervous, she was sweating a little and then just said, fuck it, and left the bedroom to meet the bachelor party in the living room.
All the guys were laughing and being pretty loud until Hannah walked in. They all stared at her, she stopped, and wasn't sure what to do. It was a weird feeling having 10 guys openly gawk at you, looking at every inch of your body. She was dressed in the blue dress, but she felt totally naked.
Chris finally broke the silence and told everyone, "Guys, this is Hannah. She and I used to date in High School. She has an amazing body and is amazing in bed. She's agreed to be our entertainment for the evening. It's kind of a fantasy come true. She's always wanted to be stripped in front of a bunch of guys, but could never do it because she was always afraid of protecting her reputation. Well today, she will be our slut and NO ONE back home will know that."
That gave Hannah full license for the night to be as slutty as she wanted. She went around the room meeting each of the guys. Giving each of them a hug, just to break the ice with each of them individually. Most guys reached down to feel her ass in her dress during the hug, a few got even bolder and caressed the side of her breast along the top of the dress. This made Hannah super wet.
The party decided to go down to the hotel bar before dinner. She sat on a bar stool and Chris stood next to her with one hand on her bare knee. A few guys were sitting in lounge chairs in front of her so she decided to spread her knees slightly to give them a view of her legs and up her dress. She noticed that the guys wouldn't stop looking at her, so she figured that they had a good view of her wet pussy. She knew that she was a hit. She was their perfect slut.
Just before they left the bar, Hannah excused herself to the restroom. She was so wet she had to wipe up her pussy before it became uncontrollable.
They ended up going to a nice dinner at a steak house. Most of the patrons were guys. There were a few women there, everyone was dressed nicely. Hannah felt like she stood out in her overtly sexy dress, especially since she was being escorted by 10 guys.
A few guys who sat next to her started asking Hannah about herself. It started off as small talk, then turned into what she thought of Chris, then what kind of lover Chris was, then what was the wildest thing she and Chris did. She confessed to fucking several times under the football field bleachers in high school. She even told them how Chris loved getting quick blow jobs in his car in high school.
One of the guys from the far end of the table asked Hannah about her fantasies. She was feeling a little nervous telling the whole table and everyone who sat at the tables around them. All the guys at the table were staring at her waiting for her to respond and finally she decided that she was anonymous in NY. No one knew her. So the only thing the restaurant patrons could get out of this was a sexy conversation from a hot anonymous woman. She took a deep breath and said, "Honestly, I like that guys find me attractive. Well sexy. I like that guys get turned on by my body and want me. I know that probably sounds desperate, but I wouldn't have a relationship with a guy who just wanted my body. But I do get turned on by knowing that guys like what they see...." She paused as she surveyed the room. Everyone at the table was listening intently and she could tell that a few tables around them started listening to their conversation as well. "When Chris and I used to fool around under the bleachers at school, I secretly wished that someone was watching us. Whenever I wear something sexy, like this dress, I secretly hope that every guy in the room is getting turned on. I don't want to be raped or have guys all over me. I do want respect, but it is a turn on knowing that you all find me sexy. Does that make sense?"
She could see everyone nodding and a few of them adjusting their pants as they moved a little in their seats. "When I went away for spring break a few years ago, I really wanted to join a wet tee shirt contest, except I was there with my girlfriends and I didn't want them knowing that I have this secret slutty side. An old boyfriend who knew about these fantasies asked me if I would strip for a local strip club amateur night. But I was so afraid I'd run into a college friend or worse a friend of my father. That would be devistating."
Hannah paused again and knew that she had everyone's attention. She felt this strange mix of being uncomfortable with everyone's eyes on her and excitement that all the guys wanted to watch her in a wet tee shirt contest.
"So I guess tonight is the perfect fantasy come true. I get to be slutty, you all will be entertained by me, I get to see your reactions, and no one will ever know what happened tonight." The table was speechless. Finally Chris leaned over and gave Hannah a huge hug.
"Thank you for being here. I can't wait to see you strip for all my friends. And EVERYONE loves how sexy you are." Then, Chris slid one hand from her back, pulling aside the top of her dress showing a few friends her bare breast. Instinctually, she pushed his hand away and they both laughed. She then felt Chris slide his hand up her mid thigh touching her wet pussy. He pulled his fingers away, showing her his wet fingers, "We all know you are enjoying this, look at how wet these fingers are."
Hannah pushed his hand back down to his lap and said, "Trust me, your cock will soon slide in there."
Well after dinner, the guys and Hannah went to a few more bars. Next door to one bar was an adult toy store. The two other groomsmen told Chris and George to just. hang out The two of them took Hannah next door to the adult shop. They told her they wanted to buy her a dildo. They asked if she does decide to strip tonight, that it would be sexy for her to rub the dildo on her body. Hannah agreed and said, if she was really drunk she might be willing to use the dildo on herself in front of the guys. They showed Hannah the largest dildo in the store, it was too large to put in her purse. Her first reaction was, "No way is that thing going in me. It will break my pussy." She finally agreed they bought the dildo and some lube. The guys told the shop owner to keep the dildo box and give them a small bag for the lube. They handed Hannah the dildo and she said, "Can I get a bag for this?" They said, no, that she should carry it around for the rest of the night. She protested, but then the guys reminded her that no one in NY knew her and even if everyone thought she was. a slut, there is no way this would impact her reputation. She reluctantly agreed.
They caught up with the other guys and Chris said, "Where did you all go? Did you just buy that dildo?"
"Yeah they forced me to. I don't think I've ever had anything this big in me. You know Chris, you are tiny compared to this." They all had a forced laugh, but what they really wanted to see was Hannah taking that dildo.
Chris said, "Question, are you wearing panties?"
"You shit. No, I'm not wearing panties. You caught me. I am 'slutting' it up tonight"
"Guys, can you all come around Hannah, form a circle around her." Hannah looked confused. Chris took the dildo and smiled at her and whispered, "Trust me." Then he took the dildo spread her legs as she stood there, and slid the dildo up into her pussy under her dress. Chris said, "Tell me when it is too much."
Hannah winced a bit but really enjoyed having the dildo in her. She looked at all the guys as they stood there just staring at her. She said, "Why isn't anyone smiling?"
Someone said, "Uh, we are too shocked and turned on to smile."
Chris pushed the entire dildo inside Hannah and told all the guys, "Look she's taking the whole dildo."
"Yes, I am, and I could take more if anyone had more than this, but I guess I'll just have to be satisfied by what this dildo is giving me tonight."
They all gave her a big hug and she took the dildo out and they left to go back to the hotel. When they got back to the hotel the group wanted to get another drink in the lobby bar. It was super crowded. Another party was going on in the bar and a few guys from the other group was asking Chris' party what they were up to. They found out it was a bachelor party and one of the guys said, "Wait this is a bachelor party? So this hot Asian chick must be your entertainment for the night."
Chris proudly said, "Yes, she's our little slut tonight. She's not a professional, she's just an old girlfriend that wants to be slutty for us." Of course the new guys immediately asked if they could join the party.
Hannah yelled out, "No way" when George said, "Of course."
They all sat in silence for a minute or so, and Hannah said, "Damn it, ok. you can join us." So pretty soon the crowd of 10 turned into a crowd of 14 and they went upstairs to play poker.
Chapter 4
So all 14 guys escorted Hannah up the hotel room. She helped them settle in by getting them drinks and making small talk with them. As she would come by guys were getting bolder and bolder and would reach up her skirt to touch her bare butt cheeks. One even went between her legs and grazed her pussy lips. Another reached forward and lightly touched her freshly shaved pubic area. One guy tried to wiggle his fingers into her butt crack and she jumped and said, "None of that. That's a one way hole."
All the guys turned to look at her then, and one said, "Nice to know that is the only one way hole tonight."
She laughed and was getting too comfortable with the guys.
Hannah finally went up to Chris and George and asked what they wanted next. "What do you want to see? I brought a pretty sexy blue form fitting bodysuit. I also brought a gold string thong bikini."
Chris looked at the guys and yelled out, "Hey, there is an indoor pool on the fourth floor. It's about 11:00 PM, I don't think there are children at the pool at this hour. What do you all think about having Hannah change into a sexy bikini and watching her swim and maybe convince her to do other sexy things?" The group went wild and Hannah smiled and stepped into the bedroom to change.
She came out of the bedroom in the gold thong bikini and the white terrycloth robe hanging in the bathroom. About half of the guys already left for the pool. George came up to Hannah and said, "No way. You need to leave the robe here. If we are going to the pool, everyone in the hotel needs to see you in your bikini. I don't want them thinking that you are going to swim naked." She knew that George just wanted to show off her body to anyone they ran into. Luckily as she walked down the hallway with half a dozen guys, they didn't run into anyone.
Then the elevator door opened, and two slightly older men were in the elevator. The guys recognized them, since they said, "Hello" to them. It turns out they were men who were invited to the wedding. Chris told the other men that they were going to the pool for a quick swim. The men said, "Seems like the only person ready to go swimming is your escort in the gold bikini." They all laughed.
Well they left the elevator on the fourth floor where the indoor pool was located. They met up with the rest of the bachelor party there. Luckily there was no one else in the pool area. Hannah looked around and felt a bit weird being the only person dressed for the pool and about 14 guys were completely dressed.
She turned to Chris and George and said, "So you want me to swim in the pool alone and you all just stare at my wet body, is that what's going on? You know if I do that, my hair will go flat and I'll have to take some time before my next outfit change to dry and do my hair again."
George replied, "That's totally fine. I have an idea about what we can do when you are getting ready after the pool. But how about this...." He looked at Chris for approval, "Hannah, you take Chris over to the hot tub. I'll have the guys gather around there, although most likely they are just going to follow you. Then you strip Chris naked and you give him a blow job in the hot tub."
"Here? What if someone comes in?" Hannah protested.
George replied, "It's 11:30. No one is coming in tonight. If a guy comes in he can watch. If a couple comes in, most likely they are coming in to fool around or get ready to fool around and they'd want to watch too. If a woman came in alone, well maybe we can ask her to join us."
Hannah had a fake look of disgust, stared at Chris, "Well I guess this is just like fooling around under the bleachers in high school." She took Chris' hand and led him over to the hot tub.
She slowly unbuckled Chris' belt and pulled his tucked shirt out of his pants. She noticed that the whole bachelor party was now surrounding Hannah, Chris and the hot tub. Chris looked at Hannah, "Are they watching?"
"I have no idea, I can't bring my eyes to look at anyone's reaction right now. I'm pretending like we are the only two people here."
Chris laughed and took Hannah by her waist, pulled her in close to him and turned her around to the crowd of guys. He moved her hair away and whispered, "Look at the guys. Open your eyes and just watch them." Hannah opened her eyes and stared at all the guys looking at her. Soon she felt Chris' hands on her back as he untied the bottom of her bikini top. He let the strings fall to her waist and Hannah knew that the sides of her breasts were in view. She looked down shyly and felt a little relieved that her nipples were still covered. She could feel a rush of wetness around her pussy and she knew that she loved what was happening.
"Oh my god, everyone is just staring at my boobs. I am so turned on Chris."
Chris brushed Hannah's hair away from her neck and he kissed the back of her neck which drove her crazy. He reached up and untied the top of her bikini in one quick move. For what seemed like an eternity, Chris held on to her bikini strings keeping Hannah's breasts covered. Then he reached around with his free hand and rubbed her nipples under the small gold bikini top. He covered both breasts with his free arm and then moved the bikini strings off of her neck and he threw her top into the crowd of guys watching.
The only sound that could be heard in the pool room was jets in the hot tub. No one could say a word as they waited to see what would come next. Chris finally moved his arm away from her breasts and moved his hands down to her flat tone stomach. Hannah kept her eyes closed not wanting to watch the reaction of the guys when Chris said, "Why aren't you watching their reaction?"
"I don't want to see their reaction. I kinda believe if I keep my eyes closed, I won't really realize that fourteen guys will be seeing my breasts for the first time."
"Open your eyes please." Hannah opened her eyes and looked at the guys. As her eyes went from guy to guy, she noticed that their eyes would move up from her breasts to her eyes, looking almost guilty that they were staring at her naked top.
George broke the ice and said in a voice that echoed through the pool room, "Hannah how do you feel, are you enjoying this? Are you wet?"
"That's not something you would ask a woman." Hannah replied.
George said, "I'm sorry Hannah, but you are almost naked, and if I'm not mistaken, this is the first time you've been topless in front of a guy that isn't your boyfriend. And this is the first time you've been topless in front of a CROWD of guys. We all know this is your fantasy, so I think its probably ok to ask you a question like that."
Hannah smiled and said, "Yes, I guess so. I feel like a total slut right now. I feel like I am a new toy for all of you. I also feel a little empowered since I have to believe that every single one of you is starting to get hard right now. This isn't going to turn into a gang bang, but I love that you all are locked in to my body right now."
George said, "Are you wet?"
Hannah closed her eyes again. Chris kissed Hannah's neck, and ran one of his hands down over her bikini bottoms and between her legs. He slid his fingers under the crotch material and into her pussy. Then he pulled it out to show the guys.
Hannah looked at his fingers which were on display, then at the guys and said, "I guess I am wet. And strangely, I'm wet because you all are using me as a live porn model."
Hannah turned herself around as Chris' hands landed on her thong covered booty. And I say thong covered, it was literally covered by one gold thread that went down her but crack.
She started to unbutton his shirt and stripped him. She got down on her knees as she was pulling his pants off. She left his boxers on, pulled his waistband down a little to free his cock when she gave his cock a nice light lick. Every guy erupted in applause and cheers. Hannah all of a sudden got embarrassed, smiled, laughed and looked at the room of guys. She blew them a kiss and while still keeping her face at Chris' cock level, she straightened her legs pushing her butt into the air. She knew that the thong string didn't provide a lot of coverage on her butt and she knew that most guys could clearly see the creases on her butt hole. She also knew that the wetness of her pussy could now be clearly shown soaking her thong bikini bottoms. Then she pulled Chris' boxers off completely, and she led him into the hot tub.
They started kissing in the hot tub while he was feeling up her breasts. She tried to keep her breasts out of the water so that Chris could breath while he sucked on her nipples, and so that the guys could stare at her bare breasts. And it also helped to keep her hair nice and dry. Then Chris put his hands around her waist and lifted her up so that she stood on the hot tub bench. The water came up to her upper thighs, a few inches below her pussy. Hannah felt like she was on display for the guys. She said, "Hello guys, I'm so glad that you are enjoying my body." Chris reached up and pulled her bikini bottoms off exposing her clean shaved pussy. Hannah could see everyone's eyes move from her nipples to her stomach and then down to her bare pussy.
Chris said, "Babe, put one foot on the edge of the hot tub and leave the other foot on the hot tub bench."
Hannah lifted her leg onto the side of the hot tub bending her knee and exposing her pussy to the guys, "You mean like this? Are you trying to get me to show off my pussy? You know it's really hard to tell if I'm wet down there right now since my whole body is wet."
George took the initiative and stepped up to the hot tub and slid his fingers up her vagina and felt her wetness. He pulled out his fingers and rubbed them together feeling the silkiness of her wetness and said, "Well that's definitely not hot tub water on my fingers."
Hannah's mind was racing. She kept thinking that this was the first time she's had two different sets of fingers in her pussy in the same day ever. This is the first time she's gone totally naked in front of strangers, and this is the first time that she's been so open about her true hidden slutiness. She was loving the experience.
Hannah looked at Chris and said, "I keep forgetting that this is your bachelor party." And she went down and pulled him up and sat him on the edge of the hot tub with his feet and legs in the water. She bent over and started to give him a nice long blow job with her butt in the air. She made sure that guys behind her could get a clear view of her pussy while she sucked on Chris. Hannah isn't sure if guys were taking pictures, but she was sure that they were doing everything they could to get a clear view of her pussy and her mouth around Chris' cock. In the middle of the blow job, Chris said, "Damn Hannah, this feels so good. Your blow jobs were always amazing, but this crowd has brought you to just another level."
Hannah paused for a second and said, "Are you sure it's me? Isn't it the fact that all your buddies are watching us. I mean the last time we were doing this, we were two friends fooling around. Now I'm your own personal slut tonight. And by the way, it is a little hard to carry on a conversation while I suck you."
Chris laughed and said, "Yeah it is super sexy seeing Hannah the slut come out in public. You are a good whore."
Pretty soon Chris exploded in Hannah's mouth and she just took it all into her mouth. She kept at the blow job until Chris' convulsions completely stopped, then she slowly pulled herself off of Chris, turned towards the guys and showed them his cum in her mouth. Then she swallowed the load and again opened her mouth to show them that she swallowed the whole thing.
George said, "I hope that isn't the last cum you swallow tonight."
Hannah smiled and said, "I'm pretty sure it isn't the last load that goes in my mouth tonight."
Hannah stood up and looked around the hot tub for her bikini top and bottom. Then she giggled, "Ok who has my clothes, well I mean those strings that you all call a bikini?" Everyone in the room pretended not to know what she was talking about. "Really? No one has my bikini? Are you expecting me to go back upstairs like this? I mean at least my hair still looks ok., I hope."
As Chris was getting dressed he said, "Ok, well we don't want to get you in trouble, but I think you look better naked than borrowing my shirt or something like that. So let's do this. There's 14 of us, and it's well past midnight. No one is around, we'll surround you as we go upstairs and if we run into anyone, then there is little chance they will even notice that you are naked in the middle of all of us.
They all agreed and laughed a bit at the situation. Then Hannah noticed out of the corner of her eyes, some guys passing her bikini bottoms around. Everyone was checking out the wet spot, and she was wondering who would be the lucky owner of the night's souvenir.
As they got in the elevator, one person pressed 'L' or lobby and Hannah freaked out, "Why are we going to the Lobby, we should be going up to the room."
The guy who pressed, 'L' said, "Oh, I'm sorry, I thought we were going to the bar for one more drink."
"No way, I'm not going to the lobby naked," Hannah protested. It was a little too late, the door of the elevator suddenly opened up to the lobby which was slightly busy. The guys got out of the elevator and Hannah had no choice but to flow with her protective circle of guys. The guys stopped in the middle of the lobby and George handed Hannah her bikini and said, "Here go ahead, you can put this on. We wouldn't seriously have you prancing around the lobby bar naked."
Hannah a bit annoyed and intrigued said, "I appreciate that, but a gold thong bikini or any bikini would still not be appropriate for the lobby bar."
George replied, "You are probably right, but it isn't illegal. We are at a hotel and at a resort in Hawaii, many people come out of the pool and head to the restaurant."
"This isn't a beach resort, this is NY City. And the women who are doing that always wear a sarong wrap."
George replied, "Look, we told you we would respect your boundaries. We said we wouldn't do anything you didn't want to do, but we all know that you love the attention, you are an exhibitionist at heart. This is the perfect chance with the safety of all of us and the anonymity of being hundreds of miles from Chicago, to just do it. If you don't feel comfortable then we'll go to the room. If you are uncomfortably turned on and bold enough, then let's go have one drink with you in this sexy thong bikini. You will be the center of attention and conversation at the bar and we all know you'll enjoy that."
Hannah pretended to be upset and took the bikini out of his hands and got dressed. As soon as she had her bikini thong on and started to tie her bikini top behind her neck, the guys started to walk on, this time without surrounding and hiding her sexiness. She all of a sudden realized that everyone in the lobby saw that she was wearing a gold thong bikini.
They got to the bar and one of the guys lifted her up onto a high stool. The bartender came by and said, "Guys, this is a classy hotel bar. 'No shoes, no shirt, no service.' I guess that gold top will pass as a top, but your girlfriend isn't wearing any shoes." They all laughed and the bartender continued, "Honestly guys, I'm happy to serve you all, actually I'd love to come party with you after my shift, but if management sees your escort dressed like this in the bar, they will ask you to go upstairs. So if I have to be the bad guy in a little while, I'm just doing my job. Other than that, what do you want to drink, and can I bring some free drinks to your party after my shift?"
Chris replied, "Totally understand and definitely come by our room after you shift. And just so you know, her name is Hannah. We aren't offended but she's not a professional escort. She is my ex-girlfriend and she just likes being a slut for us." The party didn't want to push their luck too far, so they just had one drink, gave the bartender their room number and then they went back upstairs to the suite.
Chapter 5
When they got back to the suite, Hannah looked around and said, "Wait a second, we started out with 10 guys, then we went to 14 guys, now there are 18? What the heck. Do you all think you could just show me off to anyone you want?... I think we are good. But I have to excuse myself and freshen up."
George stopped her and said, "Hey, are you showering or just changing outfits?"
Hannah said, "Honestly, I'm a bit sticky down there, so I was just going to shower real quick without getting my hair wet."
"So except for the four new guys, we've all seen every inch of you at the pool. You have nothing to hide anymore. Its a glass shower, what if you leave the door open. That way we can come in a few at a time and watch you?"
"Seriously? You guys want to watch me shower? I guess it would be fun to shower in front of you all, but I have to do more than that. I need to wash my pussy. Well it would be fun to have an audience for that too. But I haven't gone to the bathroom all night and I've had quite a bit to drink. Peeing is something no one wants to see me do."
George turned to the party and said, "Does anyone want to watch Hannah pee?"
Just about everyone raised their hands and one guy said, "I'd watch her pee and I'm volunteering to wipe her afterwards." A lot of other guys laughed and nodded in agreement.
"Well there you have it. Yes, we would love to watch you pee." George smiled at Hannah.
"So I get basically ZERO privacy tonight. I feel so vulnerable and yet it is such a turn on. Ok, but if I need to poop, I'm shutting the door for that." They all laughed and Hannah went into the bedroom and just about every guy that could fit in the bathroom piled into there to watch Hannah shower.
Hannah felt totally vulnerable as she got naked in front of the crowd. She decided that she wasn't going to make a show of stripping out of her bikini and getting ready. She'd just go about life as normal. She had no idea how to make peeing sexy, "Sorry guys, I've never done this even in front of previous boyfriends. I don't know how to make peeing sexy." The guys said not to worry about it, but Hannah tried her best to spread her legs as she peed.
Then she hopped in the shower and looked at the body wash and said, "Ok, do any of you want to lather me up? I can offer that." A few brave guys stepped forward and tried their best to roll up their sleeves and lather up her breasts, her ass, and her crotch. Then pretty much out of no-where, the dildo from earlier, ended up being passed to her. She looked at the dildo and laughed, Yes, I think I need this right now. She sat on the bench in the glass shower and spread her legs. One of the guys opened the shower door wide open, and she started to use the dildo on herself. She masturbated for about five minutes. Meanwhile she noticed that one by one, guys would excuse themselves. At first she thought they were disgusted by the dildo show. "Are you not enjoying this? Why is everyone leaving?"
One of the guys replied, "Hannah this is awesome. I think guys are going to the other bathroom to jack off."
Hannah felt relieved, "Oh so you do want me to continue." They all said yes in unison. "You know you all are welcome to masturbate in front of me. I love that you are enjoying my body. I'd love to see the effect it has on you." She didn't have to ask twice, at that point about five guys stepped forward and started to pull their hard cocks out and masturbated in front of the shower. One guy shot his load right in front of Hannah on the shower floor, the other guys ended up unloading their cum on the glass walls of the shower surrounding her. Pretty soon she started to orgasm as well.
After she was done with the shower a couple of guys stepped up to dry her off with towels. They were such gentlemen.
Then she turned to the guys in the bedroom, while still being fresh and naked, "I'm going to put on white pants, and I have two panty options. These nude ones are nice because they are satin and they won't show through the white pants. The blue ones are also nice because they are soft and satin, but they will show through the pants. Girls don't like to show off the fact that they are wearing panties with white pants, but I know some guys like to see what panties they are wearing through the material.
"Which panties should I wear?" The guys generally agreed that she should wear the nude colored panties.
"Ok, I'll wear the nude ones tonight and then I'll wear the blue satin panties on the plane ride home tomorrow."
Hannah got dressed into her next outfit while the guys just stared and gawked at her sexy body. She wore white satin pants and a see-thru white cami without a bra.
Hannah finished getting ready and went back out to the living room with all the guys. She saw that the bartender from downstairs was there as well. "I'm so glad you made it, and I'm sorry if we caused any scandalous issues downstairs."
"Definitely not a problem. As a matter of fact, I think a lot of male patrons stayed a little longer and bought more drinks since you were there. But I have to say, I'm a bit torn."
"Why do you say that? What do you mean?"
"I mean when you were downstairs you were in the tiniest bikini that I've ever seen. It was super sexy. There is an upside and downside. The upside is that you are wearing a see through top and I can see your sexy nipples, very nice, but you are also wearing a conservative pants outfit which hides that booty I saw downstairs." The bartender continued.
Hannah laughed and said, "Well does this help?" as she stepped closer to him, and took his hand and rubbed it on her butt cheek and then down between the butt crack of her pants into the back side of her crotch.
"Damn, that's nice, and I have to say, I know you just freshened up, but you are a little moist down there. Either you are super turned on or you didn't do a good job drying yourself," the bartender replied.
"The nice guys in the bathroom gave me a LARGE new dildo we bought tonight so I did get off in the shower while they masturbated, but I guess I am still turned on and wet down there."
"Wait, you played with yourself with a dildo while a bunch of guys masturbated on you? And you aren't a professional escort?"
"No no, they masturbated in front of me, no one came on me. Well Chris the groom, he came in my mouth earlier, but no one came on me. And yes, this is my first time doing anything in a group setting," Hannah said with a smile.
"I really hope you aren't going too far, and by the way, if you are enjoying, this I can definitely hook you up with other future parties in this hotel where you can make some real money."
"Thanks but this is a one time thing, and I'm actually from Chicago. These guys flew me in just for this."
The bartender then said, "Well I'd be happy to fly out to Chicago to visit you and have this same fun out there."
Hannah laughed and said, "Sorry, this is a one time thing. But don't worry, I'm sure you will get off before the night is over. I promise you, I'll do my 'job'"
Hannah spent a little while mingling with all the guests as they settled in to start playing poker for the night. She went around and served drinks and gave guys a close up of her breasts through her top. A few guys felt Hannah up, pinching her nipples and grabbing her booty.
The group kept begging Hannah to get naked again. George said, "Hannah, you are such a tease. Half of the guys haven't cum yet and you are totally dressed in some sexy classy outfit. What do you think about getting naked again and allowing a few others to cum. We can save myself and the groomsmen for last but at least let three of four guys cum now."
"And who would they be? And how should we do that?"
The bartender chimed in, "Why don't you go to the bedroom, get naked for us, well maybe leave on your sexy panties for us to play with, and I'll bring a few guys in?"
"Wait a second, I'm not doing a gang bang, you all aren't going to just jump on top of me and fuck me."
"I promise, it will be fine. We will not fuck you, but you have to let us masturbate and touch you a bit," the bartender replied.
"Ok, well give me a few minutes and I'll be call out to you when I'm ready,"
Hannah went to the bedroom, shut the door and put on her blue satin bodysuit.
She laid on top of the bed and told the guys that she was ready. The bartender and three other guys came into the bedroom, they left the door open so anyone could just come by and watch. The bartender said, "Damn you look so hot." The guys immediately got undressed and hopped on top of the bed. They all got their hands on her body and started touching and exploring every part of her front. They slowly took her bodysuit off and played with her nipples, rubbing their cocks on her nipples, while another guy rubbed his cock on her cheeks. Another guy went down between her legs to lick her sweet wet pussy. Then they turned her over and started to explore her back. As they started to pull her butt cheeks to get a closer look at her butt hole, she clenched and said, "One way hole guys."
They laughed and someone said, "Come on, we just want to look and feel. We don't penetrate, but we want to rub our cock on it." She reluctantly agreed.
As they started getting close to cumming the bartender pulled out a champagne flute. Hannah asked, "What is that for? You aren't putting that in me."
The bartender replied, "No way. This is a bachelor party. I brought everyone champagne to celebrate. This is one of the glasses I brought. I think the four of us should come in this champagne flute and you should drink it when we toast the groom."
"What the fuck are you talking about. I'm not drinking cum from four guys out of a glass."
"I was told that you already swallowed the groom's cum and you also promised that you would have more cum in your mouth before the end of the night, so what's the difference?" The bartender replied.
"Oh shit, I guess I am exploring just about every slutty thing to do," Hannah replied. Soon each of the four guys filled the champagne flute with cum.
At this point, Hannah decided it just wasn't worth getting dressed again. So the guys got dressed and Hannah went out to the living room naked. She had some precum stains on her skin but she looked incredibly hot naked. All the guys stared as she came into the room.
Soon the bartender started pouring champagne for everyone, and he handed Chris the special glass of cum. Chris said, "What the fuck and I supposed to do with this?"
The bartender said, "You sir, give that to Hannah. We should put her on top of the table, on display. We'll toast you and she'll drink the cum for all of us to see."
Chris said, "Dude, you are one fucked up pervert. I love that." He handed Hannah the champagne flute.
After drinking that, the guys went nuts congratulating her (not Chris). Giving her light slaps on her booty and pinching her nipples. George stepped in and said, "Ok guys, let's not totally turn her off. If you want to touch her, do it lightly and sweetly."
Hannah spent the next hour just chatting with all the guys. It was strangely normal, until one of the guys would awkwardly just reach out and touch her nipples, or reach down and touch her wet pussy.
The party started to wind down. A few guys went home. Pretty much everyone orgasmed to Hannah's body except the three groomsmen including George. Chris pulled Hannah aside. "Hey, the groomsmen have been my best friends for most of college and they have worked really hard to make tonight happen. Can you help them get off?"
"Of course babe. What do you have in mind? More masturbation in the bedroom? And by the way, are you and I fucking? I want to know if I should save my big orgasm for you, or if I should get off with these guys?"
"Well honestly, I've cum three times tonight. At the pool, I masturbated twice up here. So I think I'm spent. But I do want to sleep with you and probably wake up to some fun."
"That could be arranged. I'll take the guys into the bedroom and we'll do a mutual masturbation session," Hannah said.
Chris replied, "Well I had something else in mind," as he watched to see Hannah's reaction. "I was thinking we would move all the furniture aside here in the living room. You can suck on each of the three guys, fluff up their cocks a bit. Then they could take turns fucking you while we all watch."
"Uh, what did I say about a gang bang?" Hannah replied.
"Well let's see, you had the dildo in you twice tonight already. You had George's finger and my fingers in you. You drank my cum and the cum from four or five other guys. I'm not asking for 18 guys to do you one at a time. These are my groomsmen, my best friends. And when will you EVER have a chance like this again?"
Hannah looked at Chris, "This would make you happy right?"
"I'll remember this forever. And I'm pretty sure you will too."
Hannah said, "Ok, but instead of being fucked one at a time, I have a better idea."
The guys moved all the furniture to the side per Chris' instructions while Hannah took her time undressing the three groomsmen. Soon she got on her knees and motioned for all three of them to get in front of her. She was expecting to suck on each of their cocks to help them get hard again, but there was no need for that. They were fully erect at attention. She said, "Well let me clean up some of this pre-cum on the three of you," and she proceeded to lick each of them just a few licks at a time. Then she pointed at each of them giving them instructions.
Hannah got on all fours with her butt in the air. George stood in front of her and slid his cock in her mouth. Then another groomsman got behind her and slid his cock into her pussy. This was the first real cock in her pussy all night. Then the third groomsmen got underneath her and started to suck on her nipples. Pretty soon Hannah started to see flashes. She paused a second and said, "Hey no pictures!! Well at least pretend and turn off your flashes."
As soon as the first person orgasmed in her pussy, she made them all swap positions. Each of them got a chance to get their cocks sucked. Each sucked on her nipples and each guy came in her pussy.
After the three rotations the other guys just stared at each other. Hannah sat on the floor trying to compose herself. They then looked at Hannah and George said, "Damn Hannah that was so hot. Could we do it again?"
"I mean I don't know how many times I have to say this. I'm really not a slut. But that was super kinky and fun. Ok, but this time how about if you three just stand in front of me and I'll suck you all off."
Immediately the three guys stood in front of her. They were semi hard, spent from their last go around. But with a little licking from Hannah, their cocks were each hard again. In a short time she was able to get all three of them to cum in her mouth again. As each guy came, he would step away and blend back into the crowd of guys.
The night was pretty much over. All the guys helped to clean up while Chris took Hannah to the bedroom to help her shower. She loved showering with Chris but she was also incredibly tired. They both fell asleep on the bed together, and they had no idea if anyone left or not. In the morning, they both got up and walked around the suite and realized everyone was gone. Chris looked at the time and told Hannah that he has to leave soon to get ready for the wedding. Hannah laughed and said, "No way. I'm going to let you get to your wedding, but not before we fuck properly. I want you to cum with me and your new bride on the same day."
Chris led Hannah out to the living room. They laid next to the large picture window and Hannah started to suck on Chris' cock while he pinched her nipples. Soon Hannah couldn't take it any longer and she got on top of Chris and rode his cock until they both orgasmed. Afterwards they both fell to the floor exhausted.
About 15 minutes later, George comes into the room. "What are you guys doing? Chris you have to go get ready." Chris got dressed as fast as he could, kissed Hannah goodbye, Thanked her and ran out the door.
George said, "Hey we should get to the airport soon.... Or I have an alternative idea. I really enjoyed last night and I really like you. I know there isn't any real possibility for an 'us', but would you be open to being my date to the wedding today? I can take you shopping for a dress for tonight. I can move your flight to tomorrow. And tonight you can spend it with me and we can just be slow and intimate together."
"What? This whole weekend has been one shock after another, but that's probably the biggest. I know Chris' family. If I stay, they will know something weird happened. And all those guys at the wedding will be looking straight through my dress remembering what my nipples and pussy looks like. Let me freshen up and think about it."
As Hannah was showering, she was thinking about what she would say to Chris' family. Obviously she wasn't invited to the wedding.... "Well, I met George a few years ago while visiting Chris in college and over the years...." All of a sudden she felt a cool breeze of air in the shower. She turned around and George was there naked getting into the shower.
Hannah smiled at him and welcomed him in. She had an amazing night and George was so sweet and attentive all night. Obviously he was enjoying himself so it wasn't selfless, but Hannah really started to feel close to him. She wrapped her wet arms around his neck and pulled him in for a kiss. Her bare breasts were pushing up against his chest and she could feel his slightly hard cock on her lower tummy. She put some body wash on her fingers and started to give George a slow hand job. George whispered to her. "Well this is a good morning."
Hannah told George, "I'm sorry, my pussy is a little sore. I fucked you, the other two groomsmen, I used the dildo twice and Chris and I fucked this morning. I'd love to give you a blow job, but I can't take your cock in my pussy again today."
George replied, "Hannah, I would NEVER turn down a blow job from you. You are such a sexy woman."
"And maybe my pussy would be rested enough so that we can fuck after the wedding tonight or tomorrow morning before my flight."
George smiled and said, "Oh wait so you are going to stay today and go with me. I'm so excited."
Hannah replied, "Yeah, I think it will work, and I can get my own dress, but I'm NOT going wild tonight like last night."
George laughed, "I totally don't expect you to. I was just thinking you'd just entertain myself and the groomsmen, so just three of us tonight, not the whole crew. I'm joking. It's just you and me tonight. But you don't need to get a dress, I think that blue one you wore to dinner last night is really nice."
"I'm sure you do. I'm sure all the guys at the wedding will like that, but I think I need something a little more conservative. Tell you what, if we get done with the wedding early, I'll change into that dress and we'll go out for a few drinks."
Hannah got down on her knees in the shower and she gave George a soft and slow blow job. He didn't need much help, he came quickly and shot his load in her mouth. She smiled at George, swallowed his cum and came up to kiss him. They both finished up and got dressed quickly. George took off to do his best man duties, while Hannah went shopping for a dress. They agreed to meet at the wedding around 4:00.
Chapter 6
Hannah had a wonderful day running around NY and shopping. But she was torn as to what to wear to the wedding. She kind of wanted to wear something super sexy and continue her slut reputation with the guys, but she also knew that Chris family was going to be there. It was still a relatively safe place since Chris family didn't know Hannah's family, but she just wasn't sure how much she wanted to risk.
Finally, she found the perfect dress. Something not black, something not white, something sexy, but covered everything. Something long enough that would allow her to sit down that wouldn't tempt the bachelor party guys to look up her dress. But at the same time, something sexy and bold. It was a blush pink latex dress. It was pink but kind of a light pink, almost a blend of white and pink. It was strapless, pushed her breasts together nicely, and covered about half of her breasts, leaving a lot of sexy cleavage. It came down about mid-thigh, and since it was latex, it was skin tight from her breasts to her thighs.
She raced back to the hotel, showered, did her make up, and put on the dress. It was a bit difficult, but she made it into the dress. Then she looked at herself in the mirror and took this photo and sent it to George for his approval. She immediately got a text message back saying, "Damn that is so hot. Every guy at the wedding will be focused on you."
Hannah got to the church by 4:00. There were a few people there, but Hannah didn't recognize any of them. She was hoping that the only people she'd know is Chris and his parents, and of course the guys from last night.
She found a nice quiet spot to sit in the sanctuary, towards the back. She figured that if she sat in front, she couldn't see people's expressions as they either sneered (women) or smiled (men) at her dress. One of the groomsmen came into and noticed Hannah. He went over to talk to her. She didn't know his name. He said, "Hi, I'm Jim." Then he leaned in and said, "I had such an amazing time with you last night. You are super sexy and amazing. I especially appreciate how you took care of us at the end. That was really nice and I'll never forget it."
Hannah responded, "Thanks, I had a lot of fun."
"Based on that dress, it looks like you are hoping for more fun tonight."
"Well I have to tell you, given how hard it was to get into this dress, getting out of the dress will NOT be a graceful strip show by any means. I honestly don't know if I'm having an audience of one (George) or if he's thinking that we might do some group fun."
Jim asked, "Are you open to some group fun tonight?"
Hannah replied, "This is the last night that I will probably ever do anything wild. This is probably the last night of my life that I might be in front of a group of people who don't know me. I'm not saying that I want to fuck a bunch of guys, but I might be open to something interesting. But you have to check with George. He invited me to stay longer."
Jim smiled at Hannah and got back to taking care of things for the wedding. In a little while a few of the bachelor party guys started coming into the church. They were all shocked to see Hannah. Some were with their girlfriends, some were with other friends. None of them dared to talk to Hannah, but a few smiled at her and she smiled back.
Hannah was torn. She wasn't sure if she should be annoyed that none of the guys were talking to her, or turned on by the fact that they all think she's a slut and they can't talk to her for fear of being found out. They think that Hannah's a total slut but in reality, in Chicago, she's never gone beyond straight sex with a committed boy friend. She never even had a one night stand with anyone before this event.
Pretty soon, Hannah heard someone say, "Hannah, how are you?" It was Martin, Chris' dad. He came over and Hannah stood up to greet him. She could see him look her up and down, staring at her latex dress that barely covered her areolas. He gave Hannah a big hug and she felt him running his hand back and forth on her back. She guessed that he just wanted to feel the rubbery material on her dress. "You look amazing Hannah. And that dress is scandalous. Chris' bride is going to be super jealous if she finds out who you are. How are you?"
Hannah and Martin chatted for a bit. She told him that she was dating George now, that they met when she came out to visit Chris. Martin told Hannah to just enjoy herself at the wedding and that he would check in on her later.
George came by next. He gave Hannah a huge hug and said "Damn, that dress is just as sexy as the blue one yesterday. I'm so turned on by you and so happy that you decided to stay." Hannah laughed and they chatted for a bit. George said, "Hey, I was talking to Jim in back, and he said that you might be willing to party with a few guys tonight."
"Only if you were ok with that. You invited me to stay, and I figured tonight's probably the LAST time in my life to live out this fantasy. I'm sure I couldn't have sex with multiple guys, but I'm happy to help a few guys get turned on."
"Damn, I think that would be amazing. Most of the guys from last night are married or dating. They were able to make it to the party last night because it was Chris bachelor party, but I'm not sure they could make it tonight given that they are with their spouses/dates. Let me see what I can do. I do want to reserve the right to make love to you one more time, so please save me that opportunity."
"Definitely, for you George, anytime."
The wedding and the reception was awkward for Hannah. The guys from the bachelor party kept smiling at her, she thinks they were just picturing her naked again. Other guys attending thought that Hannah was just a professional escort hired by George to be his date. And every woman there just sneered at her. All that made it uncomfortable, not to mention the fact that going to the restroom was a major ordeal given how tight and unforgiving the dress was.
Towards the end of the reception, George looked at Hannah and said, "Well what do you want to do tonight?"
Hannah replied, "Oh, I thought you were going to have something planned? I'm open to anything."
"Well yes, I do have something planned. I want to surprise you if you are ok with that."
"What do you mean?" Hannah asked, a bit afraid but excited.
"It wouldn't be a surprise if I told you about it now. How about this? I have a limo reserved for the night. How about if you and I take the limo back to the hotel suite and we'll have fun there."
Hannah a bit excited said, "Ok, I'm up for it." And they proceeded to leave the reception hall.
When they got to the limo, they spent about 20 minutes in the car kissing and feeling each other up. George couldn't keep his hands off of her. Then all of a sudden, Hannah realized that they were back at the reception hall. She saw a number of people leaving including Martin, Chris' dad (the groom's dad).
As they pulled up, Hannah tried to fix her dress the best she could, but it already had issues covering her breasts, she just felt like more was overflowing than was appropriate. George opened the limo door, looked at Martin and waved him into the car.
Hannah was unsure what was happening and looked at George. George said, "Oh we're going to give Chris' dad a ride back to his hotel."
Martin looked at Hannah and said, "Is that ok?"
Hannah replied, "Of course. Glad to have you along."
"I was hoping you'd say that. Actually, I'm staying in the same place as Chris' bachelor party. This morning a couple of my friends told me that they ran into Chris and his bachelor party last night in the elevator. They said that Chris had some high end escort with them wearing a gold bikini. I laughed when they told me and I told them, 'Well sounds like a fun bachelor party.' But then I saw you this morning and realized that you are the high end escort. So I confronted George and he confessed that it was true."
"Uh, I don't know what to say. I've never done anything like this before. Please don't tell my parents about this, Mr. Jacobs."
Martin laughed, "Oh you think you are in trouble. Well first off, call me Martin. You aren't in trouble. You could be in trouble if you don't go along with the surprise tonight."
"I guess the surprise is something that changes our relationship from 'Chris' Dad' to 'Martin'?"
Martin smiled, "Well sure," he laughed. "Look Hannah, seriously, I would never tell anyone anything and I'm not going to force myself on you. If you don't want to hang out with me tonight, just tell me. I know I'm a lot older than you. I know I'm the same generation as your dad, but hey I alway thought you were cute. Now that you are in your 20's, I can say that you are HOT. So Yes, I'd like to fool around with you. Well pretty much everything that the guys did to you last night, I want that tonight. And George will be joining us. What do you think?"
Hannah was silent for a bit while they rode to the hotel. George was sitting on one side of Hannah and Martin on the other. George put his arm around her and whispered, "I promise we will have fun tonight." Then Martin put his hand on Hannah's thigh. She looked up at him.
She finally said, "I don't know how to say this without being insulting. I've never been with a man as old as you. And you aren't old. But I mean, everyone I've been with has been under 25 years old. Yeah, I'm up for it. I find you super hot. I don't have a Daddy Fetish, but I do find older men sexy. So yes, I think we will have fun. How do you want to start?"
Martin leaned closer to Hannah as George was watching him. Martin took the strap of Hannah's dress off her shoulder, "Wait, we are doing this here? I mean the driver is right there and people can see through these windows."
Martin replied, "A group of total strangers touched every inch of your body last night. George told me that you were a total slut last night. You can't pretend to be shy now. Don't worry, we'll get you dressed again before we go up to your hotel room." Martin looked up at the driver and said, "Driver, can you do me a favor and just drive around for an hour or so. No highway, just local brightly lit streets around NY, like Time Square. And feel free to watch, but don't get into an accident."
George and Martin both worked together to get the latex dress off of Hannah. They all laughed at how hard it was. Hannah stopped them and said, "This is really difficult material. Let me do this." She pulled down the top to expose her breasts. "Let's leave it at that until we get back to the hotel. It will be easier for you to strip me when I'm standing, like when we're standing in the elevator, that would be a good place to do it," She laughed and then went down to the ground and undid both George and Martin's pants pulling out both of their cocks. "Guys, in order to make this work, you two have to give up any homophobic fears and father/son's best friend awkwardness and just realize that you two will be close to each other, maybe cocks accidentally touching each other in my mouth. In other words to make this work, you two need to sit right next to each other." George and Martin smiled at her and moved close to each other. For the next 30 minutes, she went between the two cocks. One hand on one cock and her mouth on the other cock. After a few strokes/licks, she would switch to sucking on the other cock and stroking the other cock.
Martin touched Hannah's face and said, "Hannah, Hannah, Hannah, you have to stop. I'm getting too close to cumming. If I cum here, I'll be pretty much done for the night."
George laughed and said, "Babe, I'm just about the same right now."
Martin leaned down and helped Hannah back up as he kissed her. The driver laughed and said, "I'm nowhere close to cumming so if you want to jump up here, I could use some help. That was so HOT, I'm sure I'll explode pretty fast."
Hannah laughed and said, "Sorry, I don't know your name. I kind of like the anonymity of that. How about I just call you Joe Driver. Well Joe, I'd be happy to help, but in my experience when guys cum in my mouth while driving, they usually black out for a second and often lead to an unfortunate accident. If Martin and George are ok with it, I'm happy to take care of you when we get back to the hotel."
"Well then I'll be sure to take us all back to the hotel as fast as possible," Joe Driver responded.
The guys started to put their cocks back and Hannah reached down and said, "Guys, let me take care of that." She reached down to George's cock, grasped it lightly, and went down for one last light kiss. Then she slid his cock back into his pants. She let George tuck in his shirt and zip up his pants as she moved to Martin. She leaned into Martin and said, "I know you told me to stop, but I'm in control and I'm going to make you cum now. I'll just have to do something special to get you hard again." She went down with her fingers at the base of his cock and started to stroke and suck on his cock at the same time. She increased her pace so that he would start to cum. She grabbed George's hand and put it on one of her breasts and took Martin's hand and put it on her other breast. They were squeezing her nipples and soon Martin closed his eyes, held his breath and shot his load into her mouth. Hannah took all of his cum and swallowed it. Then she went up and kissed Martin deep. She leaned back on the seat, trying to catch her breath when all of a sudden in slow motion, she saw the side door open. She was in a bit of a daze but realized that they arrived at the hotel and the valet opened the car door and got an amazing view of her breasts exposed since her dress was still pulled down halfway. Martin scrambled to put his cock away as she tried desperately to pull up her latex dress over her breasts again. "Shit, this is the problem with wearing a skin tight latex dress. It is so hard to get in and out of." They all nervously laughed.
The valet smiled at Hannah and offered her his hand to help her out of the car. She took his hand and decided to open her legs slightly to give him a little proof that she wasn't wearing any panties. After staring at her crotch, the valet said, "Thank you. You are so sexy. I think the three of you are in for a fun night."
She smiled at the valet and said, "Well the driver is joining us, so if you could give him a ticket and park his car, I'd appreciate it. And if you get off early, maybe you could come by my room and get off late."
Joe Driver overheard this and looked at Hannah and said loudly, "Oh, I didn't think you were serious about me fucking you tonight. I'm definitely joining you." He hopped out of the car and started to follow Hannah, Martin and George.
As they were going through the lobby on the way to the elevator, Hannah was walking between Martin and George holding their hands while Joe Driver was following close behind her with a massive smile on his face. Hannah thought that the lobby was really crowded especially since it was around midnight on a Saturday. She could see the eyes of all the people watching her walk in that skin tight latex dress with three guys. Hannah assumed that everyone thought that she was a professional escort and knew that she was going upstairs to fuck all three of them. When they got to the elevator lobby, there was a small crowd waiting to catch an elevator. As all the people stared at Hannah, she could feel her pussy get even wetter. Finally the elevator door opened, everyone started walking towards the elevator. Then Martin stopped Hannah, George and Joe Driver and said, "It's too crowded. We'll catch the next one." Hannah felt a little relieved. Soon the next elevator came and the four of them got in. As soon as the door shut, Martin turned to Hannah and said, "Remember you said we could get you naked in the elevator," and before Hannah could protest or accept, Martin grabbed the bottom of her dress and started to pull it upwards.
"Hey, I'm not totally sure about this here.... But if you insist, it is easier to roll the latex dress down off my breasts and pull it down to my feet inside out." Martin smiled and started to do that as George and Joe stepped in to help. Soon the elevator stopped at the fourth floor.
Hannah looked at the door, completely naked, and said, "Who pressed four? I'm not going swimming naked." The door opened and a husband and wife couple stared at Hannah. Apparently none of the guys pressed four, but the couple just finished a fun time at the pool and were heading up to their room.
The husband said, "Uh, I think we'll catch the next elevator."
The door started to shut and the wife threw her hand between the door to stop it from shutting and said, "Come on there's plenty of room in there." He looked confused and concerned, probably worried that his wife would get jealous of the fact that Hannah was naked in the elevator and that he saw that. She looked at her husband and said, "Come on, it isn't your fault that she's naked, don't feel guilty. And she looks like she has an amazing body. So if you want to look, I'm ok with that and I hope you'd be ok if the other guys look at me too." She ended up lightly pushing her husband into the elevator.
Hannah looked at her and said, "I'm so sorry that we are in this awkward...."
The wife replied, "Please, it's well past Midnight on a Saturday. Everyone's having a good time. Look, we aren't swingers, but we both love watching porn. I'm going to be bold and say, could we watch whatever the four of you are going to do and we'll keep to ourselves?"
Martin answered for Hannah, "Sure we'd be ok with that. But if you watch us we have to be able to watch you two."
The husband pretended to be concerned as his wife said, "Sounds good to me."
As the elevator went up the hotel, the wife took off her robe and left it on the floor. She said, "It's a bit awkward that your girlfriend is naked and I'm wearing a big hotel robe. At least let me do this." Everyone stared at her, and still the husband didn't saw a word for fear of saying the wrong thing. "Honey, tell me, are you worried i"m going to get jealous or are you mad?"
The husband responded, "I'm scared to death. There is a naked woman in this elevator and I don't want you to get jealous. I love that guys check you out, you know that."
The wife responded, "Well just pretend that this is a scene out of a porno and we are just watching it. But remember, we don't get to re-watch this over and over, so you better start memorizing every detail of her body." With that he took that as permission to stare.
Soon they made it to the suite. Martin took a look at the living room and told George and Joe Driver to move the couch to one side of the room and put the coffee table in the middle of room. He told the couple if they wanted they should take advantage of the couch, it should be a good place to watch. Martin went to one of the bedrooms and brought out a comforter and pillows. He covered the coffee table with the comforter and put the pillow at the far end of the table. He took Hannah's hands and led her to the table, laying her down on her back. Then he motioned to George and the driver to give him their ties as he untied his own tie. Using two of the ties, he bound Hannah's hand's to two legs of the table. Then slid a pillow under Hannah's butt, pushing her pussy up a bit. Then he tied her two legs to the other two legs of the table with two belts. Pretty soon George and Joe Driver were naked watching Martin bind Hannah to the table.
Hannah was completely silent during this entire time, watching Martin work and watching the couple staring at her body. She also saw that George and Joe Driver moved down towards her pussy staring at her bare pussy lips. Then she saw Martin come up to her hands, and he checked that they were bound tight enough so she couldn't get out but softly enough so she wouldn't get hurt. Finally, Hannah nervously laughed and said, "Shouldn't we have a safe word for when to stop?"
Martin said, "No need, we aren't stopping. You are our slut for tonight. I've watched you date my son for years in high school. I knew that you two fucked around and while you were a kid and while he is my son, I did wish that I had a chance to fuck someone like you. Now you are older and my son is married, well you are our slut tonight." Martin pulled out his phone and started taking photos of Hannah.
Hannah said, "Wait what are you doing? You know a lot of people that I know in Chicago."
"Don't worry, I have a reputation as well. I would never do anything that would damage either of our reputations. I mean, sure I'll share these photos of you with Chris and maybe a select few buddies, but it will never impact your public reputation." With that Martin gave George the last tie and motioned for him to cover Hannah's eyes with the tie.
Just before George blindfolded Hannah, she saw Martin making a phone call. Martin put on some background music and in the darkness of the blindfold Hannah could only make out the fact that she has multiple people touching her. She knew it was more than one person, but she couldn't really tell how many people or who. At one point in the night she did feel a pair of softer hands on her pussy, and assumed it was the wife, but she couldn't tell for sure. For the next two hours, Hannah laid there while multiple people took advantage of her body. She knew that she was never left alone with only one person. Usually there would be a cock or a mouth on her pussy, while someone would come along and rub a penis head on her mouth, which she gladly licked, and usually someone had their hands on her breasts. She really enjoyed not knowing if it was a guy or a girl licking her pussy. but she was pretty convinced she could tell when the wife was touching her breasts.
Hannah orgasmed several times. Soon she lost count of how many times, not because it was so many, but just because there were so many sensations going on she was totally confused. She also let multiple guys cum in her mouth.
Around 3am, Hannah realized that everyone slowed down and stopped playing with her body. Martin took off her blindfold and unbound Hannah. Most of the guys were dressed again and the couple had left. As she looked around the room, she realized that there were several older gentlemen there that she didn't recognize. She looked at Martin and said, "Uh what just happened?"
Martin laughed, "Well, we tied you up and you enjoyed it."
"Well, sure, but how many guys did I actually fuck?"
"That's a little hard to answer. A few fucked your pussy, the some got blow jobs from you, and well that woman licked your pussy for a while."
Hannah was in a bit of a daze as things were winding down. Many of the guys wanted to give their naked plaything one last hug, grabbing her naked ass, or touching her bare breasts as they said their good-byes. Hannah just sat on the couch when George and Martin came over to sit next to her, George on her left and Martin on the right. Both of them were fully dressed in their pants and shirts, but not fully cleaned up from the night while Hannah was still naked.
Martin finally said, "I know that we totally used you tonight, but I'm hoping you had a good time. I mean it really looked like you orgasmed at least five times."
Hannah responded, "I am so sore. My pussy is super sore, and my legs feel strained. I feel like i"ve been riding a horse for a long time. But yes, I did have a really good time. I can't believe I did all that this weekend. I also can't believe I'm talking to my ex's dad while being naked. George, thank you so much for arranging all of this. And Martin, who were all the guys tonight?"
Martin replied, "Well there were only three other guys that joined us tonight. Two of them told me they saw you yesterday in the elevator on the way to the pool. All of them are my old buddies from Chicago. But I'm pretty sure they would never tell anyone about what happened tonight."
At this point Hannah didn't really care. She just wanted to get some rest. George chimed in and said, "I think we need to get to bed. Then in the morning I can drive you to the airport."
Martin said, "Yeah, I should get back to my room too. I have to pack still and have an early brunch with all the wedding party. Hannah, I assume I won't see you until we get back to Chicago, so I'll say my good-bye right now."
"Wait, what do you mean you'll see me in Chicago? I haven't seen you since I was in high school. It isn't likely that we will see each other again. This was a one time deal."
"Oh trust me, we'll see each other. Honestly, I know that after this experience, you are going to tell yourself you will never do this again. But you will remember how sexy and how much fun you had. You will remember how it felt for all these men to lust after you, and you will start thinking about how you could do it again. Trust me, you don't think you will want to do it again, but you will. Here is my card. Call me when you are ready." With that, Martin gave Hannah a long hug, while pinching her nipples and caressing her butt. Then he got up and left.
George took Hannah's hand and led her to the bedroom where they both just collapsed on the bed. In the morning, George woke up earlier than Hannah and started to play with her breasts. She woke up, and put her hand on his hand and said, "I'm so sore George. I can't do anything today. How about if I shower up and then you can take me to the airport and you can get to the wedding party brunch." With that, Hannah jumped up and showered. George got ready in the other bedroom and soon they were off to the airport.
Hannah decided she had one last time to look scandalously slutty. So she decided to wear a pair of cut off shorts and a tight white satin camisole without a bra. She knew that this would give people at the airport and the airplane a clear view of the shape of her hard nipples. It would also give George one last view of her chest and be easy access for him as they would say good-bye at the airport.
On the way to the airport, George had a hard time balancing between watching the road as he drove and staring at Hannah's chest one last time. Hannah asked for George's phone, which he willingly gave her. She put her phone number in his phone and then took a selfie of herself in the satin camisole. Then she said, "And one special photo for just you" and she pulled down her camisole baring her breasts for anyone on the highway to see, and she took one selfie of her face and her bare top.
George laughed and smiled at her and said, "Strange but I'm going to miss you." Then he saw Hannah put her knees on the passenger seat and reach over and buckle his belt, unzip his pants and pull out his cock.
Hannah said, "Pay attention to the road, getting into an accident now will have long term consequences over your ability to have children in the future." And she went down and gave him a blow job. As they pulled up to the airport George still didn't cum. So George pulled over to the side of the road and Hannah started to suck harder and faster. Soon George orgasmed in Hannah's mouth, she swallowed, and said, "And that is how you should remember our last good-bye."
George dropped her off with an expected last feel up of her body and Hannah walked through the airport fully aware that everyone was staring at her chest. She boarded the plane and sat next to a really well dressed gentleman. They started to make small talk and he asked her, "What were you doing in NY?"
Hannah smiled and said, "I was there for my ex-boyfriend's wedding."
"Wow, that's pretty bold. Wasn't it awkward to be at your ex's wedding? Did the bride give you dirty looks all night?"
Hannah had so much fun over the weekend. She was so excited about what happened and she had NO ONE she could share this news with. So she decided to share it with this gentleman. "Well actually, umm.... I did go to the wedding, but I was really invited to the bachelor party."
"Oh so you are kind of like a girl who is best friends with guys."
"Not exactly. My ex-boyfriend knew that I had this long time fantasy of stripping and showing off my body in front of a bunch of guys, but I'm always worried about my reputation. So since all of his friends are on the East Coast and I'm from Chicago, and we don't run in any of the same friend circles, I was invited to be the entertainment at the bachelor party."
The gentleman stared at Hannah, looking at her nipples through her top, then her legs, then her crotch. "Damn, that is so sexy. So you stripped in front of a few guys?"
"Well more like 14-20 guys, but yes, it started out as stripping. From Friday evening to Sunday morning, I sucked on at least 10 cocks, a few more than once, and had at least 7 cocks in my pussy, and the cocks that I didn't touch, I know they all masturbated, either in front of me or in private.. I mean I was a secret slut for two nights!"
"Damn, did you love it, or did you feel used for a fee?"
"Oh no money was exchanged. They did pay for all my expenses and give me money for some outfits, but they didn't pay me for the weekend. It was AMAZING. I loved that all those guys got hard looking, touching and playing with me. They think that they used me, but honestly, the look in their eyes when they saw me got me so turned on and excited. I really feel like I used them all weekend."
The flight went quick as Hannah described in great detail what happened. Before they landed, the gentleman excused himself to the bathroom, with a clear hard-on that tented his wool slacks. He came back quite relieved since his visible hard-on was no longer there. He tried to get her number, but Hannah said that she couldn't. She went way too far over the weekend and had to close that event. The gentleman was disappointed but understood. When they left the airplane she gave him a hug good-bye. Hannah went home with a huge smile on her face and a sore pussy.
I have a couple of other stories about Hannah, but that is for a future thread. While I made up the dialogue and the nitty gritty details, pretty much everything happened in this sequence many years ago. I'm pretty confident of that, because Hannah told me this story numerous times and it was always the exact same story, scene by scene.