We walked back to the inn crestfallen for dinner. What could have happened to them? If it had been some sort of in-game event, then their stuff should have still been around. But they wouldn't have left without telling us unless it was an emergency.
We grabbed our food and sat in silence, picking at it. None of us had an appetite. I looked over at the staff table. They should know what was going on.
They were all eating normally. Smitty and Jason were talking and laughing at one end. Meaghan and Samantha...weren't there. I looked again. Meaghan and Samantha were gone too! I stood up and walked briskly to the table. I placed my hands firmly between the two guys and stared at them. They stopped talking and looked back at me, slightly embarrassed. I realized my breasts were right in front of their faces and my ass was hanging out in the aisle, but I didn't care. "Where. Are. They?"
"Where are who?" Jason asked, as he kept glancing back and forth between my face and my tits.
"The rangers. Meaghan. Samantha. Where are they?"
Smitty smiled. "Well, Meaghan and Samantha are getting things ready for an event later. Last I knew the rangers were off looking for clues. I'm sure they'll turn up eventually." With that he turned back to his food, dismissing me.
I marched back to the mages and sat down with a huff. All eyes turned to me.
"It's obvious that he knows something and isn't telling us. I guess that's good because it means nothing bad happened to them. But...gaah!" I growled in frustration and stabbed at my chicken which flew off my plate and landed on Rushwillow's across from me. Everyone started laughing and the mood was broken. We managed to finish our food then headed out again.
For the rest of the evening, we wandered around, somewhat aimlessly, looking for any sign of our friends and talking about what to do when we found the necromancer.
"We have to assume he has all of the orbs at this point. Which means he'll be really powerful. I think we're going to have to take him by surprise."
"How are we going to do that?"
"Hmm...well, we could always send the naked girl to distract him while we come around from behind."
I glowered at Khitano. "Maybe we should send you in naked and we come around from behind. It would definitely be more unexpected."
"Nah. I'm not nearly as attractive to corpses."
"And how do you know that?"
"Um..."
"That's what I thought. But seriously, how the fuck are we going to take down someone with the power of six orbs and six nymphs?"
"Five nymphs. He doesn't have you yet."
"And you better make sure he doesn't get me."
With that, I left the guys and headed back to my room at the inn. I wanted to talk to Meaghan and see if she would tell me anything about what was going on.
But the only one in the room was Jason, sitting and reading a book. He looked at me briefly when I came in, then went back to his story.
"Meaghan?" I asked, still standing in the doorway.
"Still busy." He responded absently. "Won't be back all night. You should sleep though. Big day tomorrow."
I wanted to ask him more, but he was obviously not going to tell me anything. I laid down on the bed and closed my eyes. It felt so wrong not having Meaghan next to me. I knew I was going to have a hard time falling asleep, but I knew I had to try.
***
The next morning I woke up alone in the room. I got up, showered and made sure my jewels were all in place. I walked up to the inn, distractedly, trying to not feel lonely.
I didn't need to worry about that, since as soon as I arrived I was surrounded by five eager guys talking at once and waving a piece of paper at me.
I raised my hands. "Hold on guys. Let's get food and sit down. Then we can talk one at a time."
They quieted down, and I took my time grabbing my breakfast. They all looked like they were dying to start talking again, and it amused me to keep them in suspense for a little longer.
"Okay," I said, digging into my eggs, "what's going on?"
The cacophony began again as they all started talking and I rolled my eyes. "Guys. Stop."
I looked at Jaimor who was holding the paper eagerly in front of me. "Why don't you tell me what's going on."
He took a big breath and let it out. "When we woke up this morning, a messenger arrived. He had a note from Rozan." He held the paper out to me and I took it.
***
Dearest Jaimor,
Sorry we couldn't get this message to you sooner. We were asked to go with a caravan to the kingdom of Sarentha and they were leaving immediately. It was the price they were charging for the information below.
Nerath the Necromancer was seen near the Caves of Solitude. He has six orbs with him. He doesn't seem to have an army yet, but that could change at any time. Please hurry and destroy him. I know that you and your friends will be able to handle him before he gets stronger.
I love you my darling, and I look forward to returning to your arms.
Rozan
***
It was my turn to take a deep breath. "Do we have any idea where these caves are?"
The table looked at each other and shook their heads.
"Excuse me? Did I hear you mention caves?" A slithery voice came from behind me.
Smitty was standing next to the table dressed as a vagabond.
"Yes. Um, the Caves of Solitude." I reread the note to make sure I was correct. "Do you know where that is?"
"I might. For a fee of course."
"How much?" I asked warily, wondering if he was going to make a claim on my body.
"Fifty gold?"
"Done." Khitano reached into a pouch and handed the beggar some coins while I relaxed. Smitty was the decent guy I knew him to be. "Let us finish eating, and then we will follow you to the Caves of Solitude."
He nodded and sat down.
"What can you tell us about the caves?" Cidane asked, and we all focused our attention on our new guide.
"Well, what do you want to know?"
"How easy would it be to sneak up on someone in the caves?"
The man laughed. "Sneak up? No. You can't sneak up on anyone in those caves. Only one main entrance and exit. Further in it splits up, but by then you'll have made yourself known."
"But that also means that he can't sneak out the back."
"Which means he will probably have traps set up to keep us from getting in. We'll have to be extra careful."
We finished up and the mages cast some protective spells over us and the guide to protect us from any dangers that might be ahead. Smitty took up the lead and we followed him to an area of the campgrounds I had not been to before.
Despite our preparation, or possibly because of it, we got to the caves with no incident. The "caves" were a group of old cabins with one large one in the middle that Smitty headed directly towards.
He pointed at the entrance and stepped to the side. "Everfrost, you feel like you're being pulled towards the door."
I started walking towards it, and Taleran grabbed me by the arm. "Where do you think you're going?"
"It doesn't take you any effort to hold her back, but if you let go, she will be heading for the door again."
Rushwillow and Cidane headed to the door while the other three stayed with me.
"Checking for traps or anything out of the ordinary."
Smitty shook his head. "Nothing unusual. Just a regular cave entrance."
Rushwillow reached to open the door.
"You're stopped. There seems to be an invisible barrier of energy that is keeping you from going forward."
"I cast mage sight."
"You see a shimmering rainbow of every color known and a few that you've never seen before blocking the entrance. Dancing through it is a thread of grey magic."
"So necro magic holding together...Nymph magic?"
Smitty shrugged noncommittally.
"You guys, bring Everfrost here slowly. I want to see if she can get through the barrier."
I walked towards the cave, everyone crowded around.
"The pull gets stronger the closer you get."
I started fighting against their grip, but they kept a hold of me. Finally I reached the door and tried to push it open. I looked at Smitty for confirmation.
"There doesn't seem to be anything blocking you from going in."
"Maybe if we're all holding on to her, we can go through too?" They all put a hand on me and I continued forward.
"Anyone that's not a nymph hits a barrier."
"Quick pull her out. We can't lose her."
They pulled hard on me and I pulled hard back, pretending to be sucked into the room. But five boys were more than strong enough to pull me away and we moved back to a grassy area a distance away.
"So what now?" Jaimor pulled up some grass and started playing with it. "We can't let her go in alone."
"Wait a second." Taleran exclaimed. "We've already gotten through a nymph barrier before. Remember going to Everfrost's home? She can kiss us all again."
I could tell from the look on everyone's face that they were remembering that adventure fondly. But I had something else on my mind. I started thinking about the dream on the rock, and my body responded.
I shook my head slowly. "No. This is going to be more powerful. Remember it has the power of five or six nymphs. It will take more than a kiss."
They looked at me, confused, so I moved towards Jaimor. I kissed him softly at first, then pushed him down on his back. As I continued to kiss him more passionately, I began to remove his clothing. Soon he was naked, and my hand was stroking his stiffening cock.
Slowly I kissed down his body, tasting his skin until I reached his shaft. I kissed the tip, then slowly opened my lips, feeling his warmth enter my mouth. He moaned as I lowered my head further, then rubbing my teeth lightly against the underside as I came back up. I repeated this a few times, but my body wanted more.
I crawled up and placed his cock against my slit, rubbing it up and down before pushing it in as I straddled him. I slid up and down a few times to make sure he was deep inside, then looked around at the rest of the startled crew. I rocked back and forth and sighed. "If you guys are going to make me take you one at a time this will take all morning. Get naked and get over here."
The males quickly disrobed and stood in front of me. I grabbed Rushwillow in one hand and Khitano in the other and began stroking them. Jaimor had his hands on my hips and was now in charge of thrusting me down on his shaft. I kissed one cock, then the next, my body getting warmer.
Cidane had the thinnest of the cocks, and I looked at it like a hungry animal. Squeezing him gently, I pulled him closer. "I want you behind me."
He looked at me quizzically, then a light went on. "Are you sure you...?"
"Get in my ass now." I growled at him as I continued to keep moving.
He knelt behind me and pressed his staff, still slightly soft, against my rosebud. I forced my body to relax and had a strange sensation as the tip entered for the first time. As he pushed in, I felt him growing, and I moaned loudly. Taleran took that opportunity to step up to my mouth and suddenly I had all five cocks going at once.
Jaimor started grunting and thrusting harder beneath me and I knew he wouldn't last much longer. I clenched my muscles around his shaft and felt his spray inside of me. I rolled over on my side and both boys fell out. Raising my leg, Cidane quickly buried himself back in my ass, and Rushwillow took over for Jaimor. I felt hands squeezing my tits as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the boys using me.
My body started shuddering and I felt my first orgasm rip through my body. No one stopped. If anything, they started pounding me harder. I felt Cidane push in deep, then his cock twitched inside me as he came. He pulled out and someone else moved behind. This one was bigger, but I had been loosened up and took it eagerly. My mouth was empty for a moment and I screamed for more. "Don't stop. Please don't stop!"
I lost track of the switching, just wanting all of my holes filled at once, and I came at least three more times before I lost all sense of awareness.
When I woke up, I was surrounded by five tired and naked boys sitting around me looking concerned. "Are you okay?" Cidane asked cautiously.
I sat up a little groggy. "I don't know." I looked over at Smitty. "Did it work?"