Author's Preface: Everyone in this story is over eighteen years or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
This is a continuation of the Tammy series. It works as a standalone story. Tammy is a cute girl from a small town in Texas.
There is one more part in this series about Tammy's first year in college. It will be added in about a week.
Enjoy.
After dinner at the sorority house one evening, Pam came over to talk to me. She told me that a friend, Chris, was an art student that had a big photography project to finish. He had the studio time booked, but at the last minute, his model canceled on him. He begged Pam to find him one of her sisters that was willing to be his model for a couple of hours.
I asked her why she didn't pose for him. She told me that she had offered, but that she didn't have the right look for this project. Besides, she was already his model for another project.
"He needs someone cute with long hair, and I thought of you. He'll even pay you one hundred dollars for two hours of work," Pam said.
I never thought of myself as a model, but Pam kept on begging me and the money would come in handy. I told her I'd do it, and after thanking me, she said to be at the art building at 9:00 pm, Photography Studio 1.
That didn't give me long to change, and to do my hair and makeup, but I put together a cute outfit. I got there just before nine.
Chris met me at the door. He thanked me for doing this at the last minute and told me how I was saving his life by doing this for him. He seemed nice. He was a bit skinny for my tastes, but he was tall and nice-looking.
Inside the studio, he asked, "Where's Pam?"
"I don't know. She just told me to be here at 9:00."
Chris said, "Most models bring someone else along as a chaperon."
"I guess you'll just have to trust me," I said and giggled.
"OK, great. You can take your clothes off in the changing room. There's a big robe in there for you to wear."
"What do you mean, take my clothes off?" I asked. "What am I going to wear?"
"Nothing. This is a nude shoot. Didn't Pam tell you?"
I stared at him. "Nude? Pam just told me you needed a model. There's no way you're taking pictures of me naked."
"Oh, crap. I'm going to kill Pam. Without a model, I'll never get my project done on time. This was the last studio slot open before my project is due. My teacher's going to fail me."
Chris started to hyperventilate and was getting panicky. I went over to him and tried to calm him down.
He looked at me with panic in his eyes. "Please pose for me," he begged. "I'll do anything. I'll pay you two hundred or three hundred dollars. If I don't pass this course I can't graduate." All the blood was gone from his face, and I thought he was going to faint.
"But I can't. Everyone will see the pictures. They'll see me naked."
"No. No they won't. It will just be my professor and the students in the class that will see the pictures. There are only eight of us," he said.
"No way!" I said.
He thought for a second and asked, "What if your face isn't in any of the pictures?"
"What? How?"
"This is a figure study, and we can only use one light. I can control the light and camera angles, to be sure your face is not showing, just your body. You can view the pictures after I shoot them to make sure."
"Can you do that?"
"Yes. Easily."
"I don't know. I'd feel so exposed," I said.
"From what I can see, you have a fantastic body. You'd be perfect for my project. I'll give you copies of all the pictures I take. I'm sure your boyfriend would love to have them."
"I don't have a boyfriend, and if I did, I wouldn't give him naked pictures of me. They could get out."
"Please Tammy. What do I have to do? I'll get on my knees and beg if you want. I can't get a bad grade. Dr. Abbott won't take any late assignments."
I thought about my biology professor, but I guess he couldn't fuck Dr. Abbott...well, wouldn't.
Being naked wasn't a problem for me. I was going to work at a nudist resort over the summer. But I didn't want my pictures all over campus or the internet.
"Well," I said, "I was in a tough spot with a professor once, so I understand. You'll give me three hundred dollars and my face won't show? I get to see all the pictures and if I don't approve you won't use them? You promise? And no one will see them besides your class? You wouldn't trick me, would you? I've had people trick me before."
"I'll do everything you said, and I'm not the kind of guy that would 'trick' you into anything. No one will ever have possession of the pictures except you and me."
"How do I know I can trust you?"
"I don't know. Don't I look honest?"
I thought for a second and said, "Pull your pants down."
"What?"
"I'm going to take a picture of you with your pants down."
"I can't."
"Then I'm leaving." I picked up my stuff and headed towards the door.
"OK. I'll do it."
I got out my phone and said, "Anytime." He pulled down his pants and shorts, but his shirttail was in the way.
"Open your shirt too."
He did and I took several shots. He turned bright red. Maybe he'd understand how a nude model feels.
"OK. If my pictures show up anywhere, yours will too. Pull up your pants. By the way, I'm impressed," I said. "Where do I change?"
"Back there," he said as he pulled his pants up.
He looked so harmless and cute begging, that I couldn't resist him, so I agreed. I didn't think I'd need the pictures of him, but I knew that very soon I would be naked while he stared at me. At least I had something to keep him honest and for my personal collection.
I was really nervous. I was no stranger to nudity, but this was different. This place was huge and had a big, bright light that he would point at me like a spotlight. I wouldn't only be naked, but this stranger was going to stare at me and tell me how to pose while I was naked, and he was dressed. He was going to take pictures too. Those would last forever.
I went to the dressing room to change, or more accurately strip. I put on the robe that he left me, but I wasn't sure why. In a couple of minutes, I would take it off in front of this guy. The robe was nice, but was way too big for me, so it dragged on the floor behind me.
"When I got out to the studio, Chris asked, "Did you wear panties and a bra when you came here?"
"Of course!"
"That might be a problem. Can you show me your body?"
"What?" I looked at him like he was crazy.
"I need to look for marks your underwear may have made."
It felt strange and a bit creepy, but I took off my robe and turned around for Chris to inspect me. He told me that the marks were not bad, but we needed to wait a few minutes before shooting. He and I both were glad that I had shaved everywhere today. I put the robe back on. I could tell what he thought of my body by the way his eyes bulged. I still liked it when he told me that I was gorgeous and that I was perfect for this shoot. He acted like a professional, and that calmed me down a little.
He offered me a glass of wine, for which I was grateful. We sat and talked for a few minutes while my marks went away. I found out he was a senior art student planning to be a professional photographer when he graduated. He checked my marks a couple of times and kept my wine glass full. I asked him why he didn't use Pam for the shoot. He explained that he used her for some headshots once, but this was a figure study. He needed someone with a figure. Pam would pose nude, but she had no hips or breasts. He thought that Pam had a little crush on him too, and he didn't want to encourage her. He liked Pam but wasn't interested in a relationship with her. He was a pleasant guy and, after being with him for a while, I wasn't nervous about only having a robe over my naked body.
After one final check, he declared my marks had disappeared and told me it was time for pictures. I polished off my wine, and he showed me where to stand. He had me remove my robe, and he took a couple of test shots. He looked at those, then scurried around to reset the light and fiddled with the camera settings.
I had thought that he wasn't terribly attractive when I came in. Now that he was working in the studio, he looked much better. Nothing makes a man more attractive, than watching him do something he's good at. Of course, I'd already seen what was in his pants and that looked good too.
He walked over to me and told me to stand on a big piece of white paper that came down the wall and curved under me. He explained how he wanted me to pose. I needed to face away from the camera and move my hips, shoulders, and legs to shape my body like an 'S.' He demonstrated for me, but I felt clumsy. He placed the light to the side and to keep my face out, I lowered my head on the other side and hung my hair over my face. Since I had never modeled before, it was a hard position to get in. He took shots from several angles, but I couldn't seem to stand how he wanted.
We were both getting frustrated.
He asked, "May I touch you?"
That took me by surprise, but I told him that would be OK. It was polite of him to ask.
He gently guided my leg, hips, and shoulders into position and went back to his camera. My body felt more balanced. After taking and looking at a couple of shots. He came over and adjusted my hips, rotated my body towards the light, and moved my arms a bit. After his next shot, he said "perfect." Having him position me was starting to turn me on a bit. I half expected him to accidentally let his hands slip and touch me in more sensitive areas. That never happened and he acted like he touched naked women all day long.
Once I was in position, he took pictures of me from all over the studio, constantly moving all around me. From this basic position, he had me change the pose slightly by raising my arms over my head or arching my back. He would occasionally come back to me and move my hips, shoulders, or thighs slightly, and then go back to shooting. He adjusted the light sometimes to bring out one curve or another. It was getting to be demanding work maintaining a pose for that long.
We took a break so that he could show me the shots he'd taken. He put the card from his camera into his computer and got me some more wine while they loaded. He called me over. I tried putting the robe back on, but it was so big on me, it was a hassle. He'd already seen every inch of me, and touched a lot of me, so I gave up and I walked over naked.
Something about doing that made me very horny. There was a difference between being a nude model and a naked girl walking around in the studio. He was sitting at the computer, and I stood over his shoulder. He looked surprised to see me naked, and I told him that the robe was way too big. We looked at the pictures, and he showed me how he was hiding my face while still capturing the curves of my body.
The pictures were beautiful, and I was able to see how the pictures changed when he had moved himself, me, and the lights. Seeing the images made me feel more comfortable about him showing them in class. I saw the lines of my figure, parts of my boobs and butt. They showed as shapes and there wasn't much sexual about them. He made me look damn good. I felt proud of my body. I was so engrossed looking at the pictures, I forgot I was naked. When I bent down close to examine one, I realized that my big tits were hanging right next to his face. I glanced at his crotch and could see his assets bulging in his jeans. It excited him, but he was still able to control himself, alone with a naked girl, in a studio at 10:00 at night. That impressed me.
After another few glasses of wine, I was feeling a bit frisky and wanted to have some fun with him. There was an hour left to take pictures of me. I wondered if I could make him break his professional facade with my girlish charms.
When we went back to work, he put me in a different pose. In this one, I was sitting on a large white platform. He had me sit cross-legged with my bare little pussy spread wide open.
I looked up at him with my big blue eyes and asked him, "Are you going to take pictures of my pussy?"
He looked flustered and said, "No, it will be in the shadows."
Chris could see it, and he was starting to sweat. He moved my head down to one side and moved my hair over my face. The light was above me, shining down. He came over to make an adjustment. I couldn't see what he was doing, but I could feel it. He was moving my thighs and calves. His hands felt warm and wonderful, and I felt a little tingly.
He shot me in this pose for almost fifteen minutes, moving the light multiple times. In some, I arched my back making my boobs stand out and in others I would lean back so that my boobs stretched across my chest. This pose was easier because I had more freedom to move, and I was sitting. At one point, I needed to stretch my legs out, so they wouldn't cramp. I moved them out wide in front of me, hoping he would take a picture between my open legs. But he stayed professional.
Displaying myself like this made me more than wet. I'm sure Chris could tell. I wanted to go and shove my hand in his pants and feel his cock, but I was a model right now. I wanted him inside of me before the end of the night.
We did one more sitting pose. I sat facing forward, with both knees pulled up against my boobs. I crossed my feet at the ankles, covering my pussy. My forehead was down on my knees with my hair down one side. He lit this one from the front. I had to be careful with this pose because if my feet moved, my pussy would show. I wasn't always careful, and he had to move my feet back to cover me.
We took another break. I went and refilled my wine glass and as I was walking to the computer, I saw him adjust his pants. At least I was having some effect on him. He was already looking at the pictures. I stood right behind him. If I leaned forward, my boobs would hit his head. That was very tempting. The pictures were beautiful and true to his word, my face was not in any of them. A few, with my pussy on display, slipped through.
For the final shots, he had me lie on my front with my arms stretched out and crossed in front of me. My head was between my arms, pointed away from the camera. In some, I stretched my legs out behind me, and crossed my ankles or left them uncrossed and slightly apart. In others, I held my feet up, with my feet crossed or uncrossed. For the last shot, he had me turn over and put my arms by my sides and my legs spread slightly. He bent down with the camera, above and behind my head, and shot down the length of my body.
By the time we finished looking at the last set, our studio time was up. But no one had arrived for the last slot. Since we had extra time, I asked,
"Chris, would you take some pictures just for me? Nobody else could see them. Except for you of course. I want my face to show." Chris, of course, agreed.
Chris got out another light and set it up.
"Is the door locked?" I asked and he nodded.
The floor was a little cold and uncomfortable. I saw a couch over on the other side of the studio and asked if we could use it. It was on wheels, so it was easy to move. Chris set up the lights. I asked him if I could do my own posing. He agreed and manned the camera, standing at the end of the couch.
I grabbed a red satin sheet that I'd seen earlier and held it over my chest with one hand. My other hand rested in my lap. Leaning back against the end of the couch, I slowly lowered the sheet exposing my breasts one at a time, until they were both on display. My nipples were already hard, but I pinched them to make them really stand out. My other hand slipped under the sheet. I lowered the sheet further and further until it covered only my hand under the sheet and part of my legs. The sheet continued down until my hand showed between my clinched legs. I bent the leg closest to the couch and pulled it up. I lowered the other foot to the floor, spreading my legs exposing my hand on my pussy.
Chris started to sweat more. It could have been the hot studio lights but that wouldn't explain the swelling in his jeans. I know I was getting hot.
I looked at him with my eyes wide, smiled, and said, "Chris if your pants are too tight, I don't mind if you take them off. You might get better pictures if I had something fun to look at. I saw your cock before, but it was soft. I liked it and I bet I'll like it hard even better." I wondered if any other models asked him to take off his pants.
He looked at me for a second then took his clothes off before he continued shooting. It was fun to see him moving around with his rigid cock bouncing around in front of him. I continued running a finger up and down my slit, only pausing to push it in me, or to rub my clit. I stared at his cock, and it stared back at me. My pussy was dripping. I put my feet on the floor, my legs spread wide and leaned on the back of the couch.
"Take a close up of my nipple," I said. God, it made me hot to have his big lens focused on my stiff nipple. As the took the picture, I grabbed his cock. It was hot and heavy, and I ran my hand up and down its length making him moan. What can I say? It inspired me. As he stood up, I leaned forward and asked him to take a close-up of my mouth. He turned the camera down, just as I slid his cock in my mouth and looked up at him. He took the picture then almost threw his camera to the ground. I pulled off him and licked his shaft from below his balls to the underside of his tip before engulfing his shaft again.
I released his cock from my mouth, looked up at him and said, "I want you to come on my tits." Tell me when you're ready. I knew he wasn't going to last long after looking at me naked for two hours. I swallowed his cock all the way to the hilt, and he groaned. My lips slid up and down his cock as I pulled on his butt. He hit the back of my mouth each time I went down. As he approached his climax, it was tempting to let him come in my mouth, but I wanted a picture of his cum covering my chest.
"I going to come!" he said.
I pulled my mouth off him and finished him with my hand. His first spurt hit my face and the rest hit my tits. He had built up quite a load. His cum ran down my tits to my nipples. I had never had a man come on me before.
"Take another close up of my nipple," I said. There was a big drop of his cum, sliding down my tit about to drip off my nipple. He shot that drop as it fell, then my whole chest where his cum landed, then my face. The final shot was of the tip of his cock pressed against my cum-covered nipple. He put down his camera.
Chris knelt and pushed me back. Leaning in, he grabbed one of my big tits in each hand and sucked the cum off my rock-hard sensitive nipple. He loved sucking them and licking his cum off me. He kissed lower on my body, working his way down to my wet pussy.
I put my feet on the edge of the couch, spreading my legs further. His hands parted my swollen pussy and licked long and hard up my lips. His tongue penetrated me, then moved up to my clit. He slid two fingers into me to replace it. His tongue touched my clit and then he circled around it as he drove his fingers into me. He sucked it into his mouth and flicked it repeatedly with his tongue. He reached up and squeezed my nipple covered with his slippery cum. I loved the feeling as he squeezed it and then it slipped free from his grasp. I grabbed the back of his head and pulled it against my pussy, stifling a scream as I came much harder than I expected.
Chris was as hard as ever. He turned me over so that my chest was resting on the back of the couch with my thighs spread and looked back at him. He could see everything. My pussy ached for his cock. He ran his hands up my thighs and spread my cheeks. I shivered in anticipation. Getting fucked from behind is so wonderful. A man can get his cock so deep inside and thrust so hard when I'm bent over for him.
He rubbed himself up and down my slit to get his member nice and wet, then wasted no time plunging into me. I was dripping wet, so I offered little resistance. In one long slow thrust he was completely inside me. I couldn't help but moan. He began long slow powerful strokes into me. His thrusts became faster and harder until he was pounding into me like a madman, assaulting my pussy. He reached under me and rubbed my clit. I gasped in pleasure as my body moved with him. My tits rubbed against the fabric of the couch stimulating my nipples and wiping his remaining cum into it.
As much as I was enjoying what he was doing to me, I had to see his face when he came. I turned over and had him sit on the couch, and I straddled his legs. He reached down and guided his cock to my entrance and pushed himself inside me. It was wonderful having his cock fill me deeply again. I leaned forward and kissed him. His mouth tasted like my pussy and his cum. I began rolling my hips, grinding my clit against his pubic bone. His face told me that he loved this.
He gasped as I rhythmically contracted my inner muscles around his throbbing prick. His breathing was ragged. He was right on the edge, and he began thrusting hard enough to lift his hips, and me, off the couch. Over and over, he lifted me with his thrusts. His face froze in ecstasy. His hips hovered off the couch as his thigh and butt muscles remained rigid. He shot his load deep into me. I love the look on a man's face when he comes. He fell back onto the couch. He was still hard, so I resumed grinding back and forth, rubbing my clit against him until I came.
He grabbed his camera from beside the couch and took a few more pictures of me. While still impaled on his cock, he took a picture of me with my hair matted and stuck to it. My face had a "just been fucked" look on it. Then, he lifted me off him, turned me around and put me on the couch. My pussy was right at the edge and my body was leaning back. He sat on the ground between my legs and took a final shot. It showed my body from my pussy up to my tits. His cum was leaking out of me and smeared on my chest. My face showed between my tits.
The intercom buzzed and we both jumped. The guy scheduled for the next studio time was late and was waiting outside. I ran to the changing room. Chris dressed as fast as he could and ran to the intercom and said we'd be out in a minute. He said his model was changing. Running to his computer, he backed up his files and turned off his laptop.
As we left, the guy waiting with his model must have known what had been going on from our state of dress and the studio. It smelled like sweat and sex in there. His model looked at me with disgust in her eyes. Talk about your walk of shame.
#
When I got back to the sorority house, I told Pam what a wonderful time I had. I gave her a big hug and thanked her for recommending me.
I said, "When I found out I was going to be naked in the pictures I almost backed out. But Chris talked me into staying. He was in a real bind with his teacher and begged me to pose. He was so cute that I finally said OK. He said he wouldn't use any pictures that I didn't approve of. He seems like an honest guy, and he always acted like a professional. Well...until the shoot was over."
"At first, I didn't find him attractive, but he grew on me during the shoot. Maybe it was all that walking around him without clothes. It was strange being naked in front of a clothed man. By the way, he was mad that you didn't tell me about the nude part. I'm glad you didn't. I wouldn't have done it if I'd known. Now he's invited me to spend the weekend at a cabin to go over the pictures. I bet he wants to take some more pictures too. That'll be fun."
Pam had an oddly intense look on her face.
#
The cabin was great. It was deep in the woods with no one around for miles. His goal was to prepare his project for presentation in class and to get out of town for a weekend. We went through each of the photos so I could take out any pictures where my face showed. It took a long time to look through all the pictures. I kept getting horny as I looked at them and remembered how I felt when he took them. I kept dragging him off to the bedroom for a "break." After a couple of "breaks", we stopped bothering to put our clothes back on. But then I'd looked over his shoulder to see the pictures, and my boobs would brush against him, and his dick got hard. He'd drag me off to the bedroom again for a break. I couldn't believe how much stamina he had.
Sometimes we walked around outside. The weather was perfect. It felt like I was at "Back to Nature" except that Chris was constantly taking my picture and then taking me. He couldn't get enough of me. It was late Sunday afternoon before he finished selecting the final pictures for class and we drove back.
The pictures he submitted to the class, were far better than anyone else had taken. His professor was so impressed by them that he offered him a slot in a public exhibition, normally only open to graduate students. Chris explained he would only do that if his model agreed. He promised her that her pictures would only be shown in class, and he would not break her trust. His teacher was impressed by his integrity and told him to let him know by the end of the next day what his model's decision was.
He called me right away and told me all about how well the pictures went over in class. He not only had the best pictures but the prettiest model too.
"Everyone wanted to know who you were, but I wouldn't tell them. I have their names and numbers if you want to call them. I can also tell you the ones that are serious and which ones are pervs."
"I think my modeling days are over," I said.
Umm, he said, "The teacher was so impressed with the pictures that he offered me a spot in a public exhibition. It was an honor to be asked. I told him I wouldn't do it without your permission. What do you think? They would be large prints of you."
"I don't know, I don't want anyone to recognize me in the pictures. How many will there be?"
"Three."
"I could come over to your place. I want to look at them again before everyone in Austin gets a chance to see them."
We met at Chris's house and went to his room. I looked at the three he had picked out. They were beautiful. There were only a few freckles on my body that would allow anyone to know it was me. And they'd have to know me pretty well. The only other person that knew anything about the pictures was Pam. I did this as a favor for her, and she was a sorority sister so I didn't think she would be a problem.
I was still nervous. The idea of large prints of me naked in a public art exhibit was both terrifying and strangely erotic.
I said, "Chris, I need to clear my head and think." I pulled him onto his bed and kissed him.
An hour later I said, "If you get rid of those freckles, you can show them."
"Oh, thank you Tammy," he said and kissed me. At least I'd decided, for better or worse. I lay back down on the bed so he could thank me properly.
As we lay resting, I said, "Did I tell you that I'm working at a nudist resort this summer called 'Back to Nature'?"
"No, I would remember that."
"Well, I am, and you should come out there. I've invited a bunch of my friends. I bet I could set you up with one of my sorority sisters. I can get you a discount. It's a fun place but you can't bring your camera."
#
Pam was shocked that I had posed nude for Chris. She thought that I would leave when I discovered it was a nude shoot. Pam wanted Chris to beg her to pose at the last minute. She had waited near the art building for his call. She had a crush on him and wanted to expose her naked body to him and to let him do anything that he wanted to her. She thought that it should have been her weekend in the woods with Chris.
She swore to get back at me for stealing him away.
#
The opportunity for Pam's revenge came up a couple of weeks later at the art show. Pam thought that if the president of the sorority saw me nude, in big prints at a public exhibition, that she'd at least suspend me from the sorority. Pam told Brooke about the exhibition. She dragged Brooke, along with some other sisters, to see the nude pictures. I wasn't recognizable because of the lighting and posing.
Brooke asked, "Pam, where are the pictures of Tammy?"
"These are of her; you just can't see her face."
"How do you know that's Tammy?"
Pam didn't know how to answer without telling her that she'd set me up.
Brooke said, "What made you think that Tammy ever posed for any photos, much less, nude photos?"
"I...I thought I recognized her."
"You just happen to come to this exhibit and looked at three out of a hundred pictures and thought that the faceless shapes were Tammy, your sorority sister?"
"I...I guess I was wrong."
Pam set me up and Brooke knew it. She explained to Pam that if she falsely accused one of her sisters of something, she would throw her out of the sorority in disgrace, no matter how rich her parents were. She already had one strike against her when her professor had her on video trying to trade sex for grades. Pam had to drop the whole thing.
Brooke knew it was me through her campus network but wasn't going to let Pam know that. She really liked the pictures and got one of the art professors to get her some good copies for her personal collection.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. I plan to continue adding more "Tammy" stories. If you have any suggestions for new adventures for Tammy, please let me know by public comment.
Please vote below. You don't need to be a member to vote or comment.