Back in the late 90's after Mike had retired from the Air Force, he decided to celebrate by taking me to Yellowstone. I was so excited and even planned on doing some flashing on the way there. It was a very long drive. We left early and I flashed a lot of trucks along the way. We never stopped or pulled over to get acquainted. We were on a mission to reach Yellowstone Park in time to check into a hotel that night. Shortly after the sun went down the car started making a terrible sound. It was something to do with the front end. We limped along until we came to Scotts Bluff Nebraska. It was a small little town and mostly closed down due to it being Labor Day weekend.
When we got to the town it was around 9 p.m. and nothing was open so we started driving around to find a hotel to stay in. What we didn't know was that the town had been hit by a massive hailstorm earlier in the year and the town was full of roofing contractors. I mean 1000's of them. It took us over an hour to finally find a hotel room. It was one of those old horseshoe-shaped hotels and they had one room left and it was right in the middle. The place was packed full of workers and their trucks. We didn't care. At least we found a room. The next day we headed to the dealership in town and found out the maintenance people were all off for the weekend. The manager and owner saw we were in desperation mode and had his son drive it into a maintenance bay to check it out.
When he came back in, he said we had a bearing and something else that needed to be replaced but that they didn't have the parts in town. We'd have to wait till the parts arrived on Tuesday. We were stuck not having our vacation and walking the town until we could get the car fixed. We walked around town for a bit then headed back to the hotel. When we arrived, there were all these guys sitting in lawn chairs and BBQing. They were all out of roofing materials and they had to wait until Tuesday for the next shipment of shingles. Some of them were checking me out as we walked past and said our hellos.
When we go into the room, we opened the windows and curtains leaving only the sheers left. When we left to walk down to a fast-food place, we had passed Mike checked out the window and discovered you couldn't see in, but it was the middle of the day with the sun sinning. Later we'd find out it was a lot different with the sundown.
I was wearing my favorite sundress and flats and nothing else. It was the perfect weather. It was cool enough that my nipples were very obvious and I got plenty of stares from everyone as we walked past. I loved the attention and it was making us both hot. At the restaurant, I made sure to face the counter and flash the young man taking orders. I could see him peaking and trying to concentrate on taking other patrons' orders. I was loving it. Mike even put his hand on my thigh and was rubbing the hem up higher and higher, brushing my bare pussy with his pinky causing me to almost fall off my chair. I was so wet now. He was whispering to me that the guy probably would love to take me to the back and fuck me. I was getting hotter and hotter with every word.
When we left, I smiled and winked at him and he just smiled and said come back again. I told him I looked forward to it.
On our walk back to the hotel we talked about all the fun we could still have. I told him as long as we were together it was still fun to me.
He kept his hand on my waist occasionally wandering down and squeezing my nearly naked ass and goosing me once or twice as well. We stopped 3 times to kiss and hug each other.
When we got back to the room, we noticed the guys all lounging around and BBQing and drinking. We got a few hellos and nods as well as one whistle. We noticed the window was open but we couldn't see in. As we opened the door Mike let me go in first and he goosed me once more. I let out a low squeal and it got a couple of chuckles from a couple of guys sitting in the room next to ours.
Mike and I were all over each other once inside. He laid me down on the bed and we made out like teenagers. About this time, I was very aware the window was open and shadows started to appear outside the window. I was getting my pussy eaten and I'm not quiet when stimulated. I asked Mike if we should close the window and he attacked my clit with even more abandon. OMG, I was cumming and moaning even louder now.
When I came back down and we started to kiss again, Mike asked if I wanted to close the window. He said you couldn't see anything from outside but if I wanted, he'd close the window and d****s. I was so wet thinking the guys outside could hear us, I told him it was hot and making me even hotter knowing they could hear us. With that, we just started back up and fucked each other in every position and on each bed and even the floor. I was covered in cum and sweat by the time we finished. I could see the shadows outside the window and hear talking as if they were inside the room. We got up and went to shower and made love again while cleaning each other in there as well.
It was getting late and we both were getting a little hungry so we dressed and headed back to the fast-food place to get a bite. I put on my white wrap bodysuit and a flowered wrap skirt. All the guys we passed as well as our neighbors said hello as we left. They all smiled and asked if we needed a ride. We just said no, but thanked them. I was really getting a lot of smiles now. I guess they all talked about the sound show we put on earlier.
I was really excited again. We talked about the afternoon's entertainment and the results we got from all the guys. We both came to an agreement that it was very hot and couldn't wait to get back and do it again.
My cashier wasn't there on our return visit but I flashed the new one and got the same results. Mike had his hand on my thigh again and even unsnapped my crotch to the bodysuit I was wearing. He stuck a finger in me and rubbed my clit for my new audience. What a great trip this had turned out to be.
When we got up to leave, I had to go to the restroom and Mike followed. He came into the lady's room and locked the door. He put me on the sink and ate me till I came again. I was so hot it didn't take long. He helped me down and quickly left before we got caught. When I finished freshening up and putting my clothes back to normal, I opened the door to find a lady standing there patiently waiting and smiling at me. Mike told me as he left the room a lady walked around the corner just as the door closed. She had caught him leaving the lady's room. She had a bigger smile than you'd normally have I thought. My pussy just tingled again.
We walked slowly back to the hotel kissing and acting like newlyweds all the way. He always had a way of making me feel like the world revolved around me. One of the major reasons I love this man.
Upon return to the hotel the crowd of men had thinned out but our neighbors were still out sitting in their lawn chairs drinking and BBQing. My God, how much can guys eat? LOL
When we passed them, they all greeted us with hellos and smiles. Once again once inside the room, we acted like rabbits. I was so hot from the restaurant, walk and now all the stairs and smiles acknowledging my presence back at the hotel... We never turned on any lights. The bathroom light was on and put out a little light into the room but not much. You could see the sun almost going down over the corner of the building and the sky's purplish color now.
We laid down on the bed with my bodysuit unsnapped and my tits on display with Mike sucking and pinching my nipples. His cock was hard as a rock and he was teasing my pussy with the head. The shadows once again showed up outside our window and the whispers started up again just as Mike pushed the head into my wet pussy. I let out a loud surprised moan. He slid in all the way with one swift shove. I was so turned on knowing we had an audience listening. Had I known they could look down into the room and see my leg d****d over Mike's hip and seen his cock pumping in and out of me I would have been even louder. The light from the bathroom now lit the room enough you could see through the sheer curtains. I couldn't really see the shadows anymore but could hear the comments.
"Oh wow!!!" "Look at her." "Wish that was me." "I'd love to give it to her like that."
The light went on in my head at this point, God, they can see us now!! I was so turned on I climaxed right away. I was almost screaming. Mike thought he was really doing a great job and he was but the added excitement of knowing we were being watched put me over the top immediately. I was soaking the bed with my cum.
"Oh, baby give it to him." "Cum on his cock baby."
The comments kept coming. Mike gave out a loud moan and I felt his cum filling my pussy with his hot sperm. I was really thrashing around now. I could feel his cum squeezing out of my pussy. It was amazing.
When we came back down, he was snuggling me holding me in his arms. I was still spread open but his cock had pulled out and he was kissing me and lightly rubbing my breasts now. He whispered; did you enjoy giving them a show?
I was shocked. You knew they could see us?
He said after hearing some of the comments and compliments on her body he figured it out and since we couldn't see out the window anymore thought the dim light from the bathroom made the curtain transparent now.
I turned on my side and buried my face into his chest. I asked if he was okay with it and was he mad I didn't say anything.
He said he knew something was going on because I had turned into a squealing, bubbling sex machine and it was awesome. He said he couldn't believe how wet I got once the comments started. I smiled and we kissed for what seemed like forever.
For the next two days, we even opened the sheer curtains. We didn't see any reason to be modest anymore. They guys had all seen all there was to see. We were watched by about every guy at the hotel. They saw me take Mike doggy facing the window, pussy fucked and ass fucked, blow jobs, and once I even put my elbows on the windowsill while he did me doggy staring right at a cock on the other side of the screen as it squirted cum all over the window frame late the second night.
We had so much fun. The guys even brought us BBQ to the door so we didn't leave to go to the restaurant the second day.
Sorry, we didn't invite any of them in to join us but I had a lot of fun being an exhibitionist anyway. All in all, it was one of the hottest vacations we ever had together.