This is Part 4 of "From the Curtains." In Part 3, Melanie pleasured herself again out on the patio. A short while later, her neighbor, Susanne, who owns the colonial house with the clear view of Melanie's patio and pool, stopped over to introduce herself. Over coffee, Melanie discovered that Susanne's husband has been away for a month and won't be back for a long time. But she didn't find out if Susanne had been watching her from behind the curtains. The two women have decided to go for a swim. Susanne didn't bring a bathing suit.
"You don't need a bathing suit."
Susanne hesitated for a moment. "Oh, I can run home and get one."
"Why bother?" said Melanie. "I never wear one. Besides, it's just us girls. Who would see us?"
Susanne became somewhat nervous. "No one, I guess. But I don't think I can. You, see, I've never gone swimming in the nude before. I've never even been naked outdoors."
Melanie couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Never?"
Susanne shook her head. "I've never been in a situation where I could just take off all of my clothes and not worry about being seen. At pools or at the beach, there always were children or other men around – besides my husband, of course."
Melanie thought for a moment. Her nipples hardened and she felt a tingle all over. She didn't want to make Susanne do something she didn't want to do. But the idea of being nude outside with another woman – perhaps a woman who had watched her pleasure herself – excited her.
Then again, at this point, she really wasn't sure if Susanne had, in fact, seen her. And she wasn't about to come right out and ask. "There's a first time for everything."
Susanne thought a moment, and then said, "Oh, why not? Let's go!"
Melanie smiled. "Great! There's a spare robe in the pool bath. You can hang your things in there." Susanne stepped into the pool bath, emerging a few minutes later wearing nothing but a short white terry cloth robe just like Melanie's, which tied at the waist and came down to just to the middle of the her thighs. Melanie couldn't help but notice how shapely but oh so pale Susanne's legs were.
"This time of day, you'll be needing sunscreen, especially if this is your first time sunning those never-seen-the-sun-before body parts."
Melanie stepped over to the closet near the pool bath, which was stocked with several types of sunscreen and tanning lotions. "Your skin type should tan well, but we don't want you to burn," she said, handing her a bottle of SPF15 lotion. "Let's go outside and get some sun."
Melanie opened the sliding door leading out to the patio. The two women stepped outside in their robes, spread towels down on two lounge chairs and sat down. Susanne looked around. From where they were sitting, even the window of her colonial house was obscured from view. "Very private," she said.
"Yes, very."
Melanie took off her robe, hanging it over a chair. She stood there totally nude, her bald pussy and totally tanned body on display for Susanne to see up close.
Susanne looked at her, mesmerized, her heart pounding. The thought of being nude outside was beginning to overwhelm her. Anticipation turned to excitement, even arousal. Feeling comfortable in their privacy, Susanne slipped off her robe, revealing dark shoulders, arms and legs and a tan line that looked like she had never worn a bikini in her life. Both women were totally nude now. Melanie couldn't help but notice Susanne's breasts, which were pear-shaped and firm with large nipples, and a pubic region that needed a good trim, if not a complete shaving. The young woman was in very good shape, with a slim waist, solid abs, and a firm butt with good muscle tone.
"Do you work out?" asked Melanie, admiring her neighbor's fit body.
"I try to go to the gym two or three times a week."
Melanie smiled. "We should go together some time."
"I'd like that," said Susanne, squeezing sunscreen onto her palm.
"Just do what I do and you'll cover everything," said Melanie, applying lotion to her shoulders and arms first, then to her tummy and breasts. Susanne did the same.
"Be sure to put a lot on your nipples," said Melanie, rubbing lotion onto both of her breasts. She put a dab on the tip of her fingers, transferred it to the nipple of her right breast, and then slowly massaged it in. Then, she squeezed out another stream of lotion onto the palm of her hand, rubbing it into her left nipple. As she massaged her nipples, a wave of pleasure spread through her. She rolled her head back and enjoyed.
Susanne squeezed lotion directly onto both of her nipples, rubbing it in slowly in a circular motion, alternating from one breast to the other. She moaned softly.
"Now, do your butt," said Melanie, standing and then reaching behind herself with a handful of lotion. She rubbed some onto both cheeks, bending over slightly to give Susanne a good view.
Susanne stood up, rubbing lotion onto her left cheek, then her right cheek, massaging it in deeply. She finished the application by squeezing the creamy white liquid onto her inner thighs, massaging it in slowly with her fingertips.
"You missed a spot," said Melanie. She squirted a stream of sunscreen onto her the palm of her hand, slowly rubbing it onto Susanne's butt. "Now, let's do your back." She rubbed lotion onto Susanne's back. When she was done, Susanne did her back, massaging the lotion in deeply.
"Ooh, that felt good!" said Melanie. "I haven't had a good back rub in a long time."
"Neither have I. And with my husband gone, I haven't had a good front rub either."
Melanie chuckled, knowing exactly what she meant. "Neither have I."
"I feel so relaxed," said Susanne, lying back on the lounge chair, bathing her entire body in the sunshine. Melanie did the same.
"Is that comfortable?" asked Susanne, pointing to Melanie's bald pubic region.
"Oh yes," she said. "You should shave. It makes it easier to apply the lotion."
Susanne rolled her eyes. "I didn't bring a razor."
"Well, I have a spare," Melanie replied. "You can do it right out here."
"Okay," said Susanne. "Maybe later."
The two women lay on their backs in the sun for about thirty minutes, and then turned over onto their stomachs. "Mmmm," said Susanne. "I never knew how good the sun could feel on my bare bottom. Makes me warm all over."
She arched her back slightly, tweaking both nipples with her fingers.
"Being nude outside makes me feel so sensual. I should have done this years ago!"
After about 30 minutes on their tummies, Susanne said, "I'm getting hot."
"Me, too," said Melanie. "Let's cool off in the pool. The water temperature should be just right about now."
Susanne stood up, covering her body with a towel. The two women walked over to the steps leading down into the pool.
"You don't need that towel," said Melanie. "The only clear view of my pool is from your second story window."
Melanie looked up at the window. The curtains were drawn shut.
Susanne smiled. "Yes, I know."
"You know?" asked Melanie.
"Yes. I looked out my window yesterday and discovered that if I stood on one side, I had a clear view of you in your pool. And if I stood on the other side, I could see the corner of your patio where you were exercising this morning. I saw everything you did."
"Everything?"
Susanne nodded, moistening her lips with her tongue. "Everything."
Melanie's nipples hardened with excitement. There she was, standing nude in front of another woman who had seen her pleasure herself several times. The thought made her tingle all over.
"Did you enjoy watching?"
Susanne blushed noticeably. "I'm almost embarrassed to say that I did."
"No need to be embarrassed. It was exciting for me, too." Melanie hesitated for a moment, and then smiled. "Would you like to watch me again?"
Susanne also hesitated. Then, she shook her head.
"No," she said, dropping her towel, stepping into the water, wading in up to her breasts. She enjoyed the feeling of wetness all over her body. She swam over to the pool jets, the same ones Melanie had used to pleasure herself yesterday. She straddled the stream so that it hit between her legs, letting out a small moan as the pulsating jets repeatedly massaged her clit.
"I want you to watch me."