"Careless Violet. I'm getting too comfortable in my parading around naked. As I filled you in last adventure I had a huge fantasy fulfilled at the mall. Kind of my retracing my steps by going further than I did the first time I was there. Unlike the first time I needed to push my limits and with the help of my many admirers I took it beyond what I expected. Right in front of freaking everyone. OMG! I just can't stop. If I could live naked every second of every day I would. After as many cocks as I've had the last month I shouldn't be able to walk. LOL. Who needs to walk when I can dance.
After Jason and Fred dropped me back home I started for my house. Halfway across the yard our sprinkler system activated. The water attacking me felt wonderful. I certainly needed a good shower, I had dried cum even in my ear canals. LOL. Tossing my clothes and clutch purse out of range I danced in the rain as if I were ten years old again. All I needed was a bar of soap.
I didn't think I had been goofing off so long but obviously so. In my frolicking I heard something land next to my feet. Yelping at the unexpected arrival I cringed behind a two hand cover up of my tits and twat. Before looking around I found my skipped stone. Sure enough it was a bar of Zest. Where in the hell did that come from? What a cooinkydink. Trajectory meant it came from behind me so I shivered and turned slowly. I have zero idea how I missed our next door neighbor Lyle out washing his fancy sports car. Lyle was a Lawyer so he had money coming out of his Jaguar's ears. LOL. Cringing a bit I saw him grinning and waving at me. Welp! Fun times over. No way would Lyle keep his yap shut. He and my Mom were friends. Of course, even though he flirts with her, he does look at me quite a lot when I see him out or he sees me.
Before I could even say OH SHIT out loud, Lyle yelled across our properties and said BRING THAT SOAP BACK WHEN YOU'RE CLEAN. I wondered why he even carried a bar of soap. Who uses a bar of Zest to wash a car? I'd find out later that he spotted me while inside his home grabbing a beer. He had a powder room close to the front door and he snatched a new bar up just to catch me off guard. That was why I didn't see him when I got dropped off. He had been inside but on his way back out. Perfect timing. RIIIIIGGGGHHHHTTTT!
There was no lying about why I was outside streaking, he saw me getting dropped off. I could just run indoors but dammit, now that I see him toasting me with his beer bottle I feel obligated to see where his minds at on ratting me out. I decided to work it a bit first. Bending over in front of him I grabbed the bar of soap and followed the sprinklers. Sudsing up I did my best seductive outdoor show that I could, under the circumstances. Mainly just looking pretty and trying to get as clean as I could before walking over to talk to him. I know darn well the odor of sex was horrid. I was so sticky I felt like a human latex glove. Nothing to be proud of. Well, kinda. LOL.
Washing my hair would have to wait for a real shower. Zest was not going to get all the matted strands clean. Way too much dried jizz in my platinum locks. Wet at least hid some of it. I washed my pussy with fingers up inside of me right in front of Lyle. He nodded his approval so I was feeling fortunate. So far.
Showered enough to feel as if I wouldn't repulse him I skipped through the grass and over on to his property. HI was all I needed to say, he took it from there. FIRST TIME FOR EVERYTHING he said. I didn't want to ask him if he was going to tell my mom. I wanted him to tell me he would keep my secret on his own. MY FRIENDS AND I JUST HAD LOTS OF SEX I admitted nibbling a fingernail nervously. He puckered his lips saying LUCKY FELLAS. I giggled and said I KNOW RIGHT?
YOU HAVE A PRETTY SEXY BODY VIOLET he looked me over as he ceased spraying his car. FUCK IT I thought and replied with AS SEXY AS YOU PICTURED I WOULD LOOK LYLE? I know darn well he's pictured me naked. He nodded as if pondering his answer before adding BETTER ACTUALLY. YOU'VE DEFINITELY GROWN UP. THOSE TITS ARE PERFECT. His mouth was watering more than his garden hose. LOL.
I HAVE HAVEN'T I? I lifted my tits for inspection, more so for my own amusement than for his eyes checking them out up close. SORRY I'M A LITTLE MESSY. I JUST GOT FUCKED REALLY HARD. I bragged just to see his response. If he wasn't repulsed I might just pursue a little more fun. As long as I have time to get inside my house before Mom gets home. David would get me in safely so I had an ace in my holes. LOL! Four of a kind if I had my way. I love poking hands. LOL!
ROUGH DAY, EH? Lyle looked suspicious of my mentioning sex. It might be because of all the dried cum in areas I had missed washing. Namely, my back and shoulders. SKIN LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE PEELING BACK HERE Lyle laughed. I replied with NOPE! LOADS OF CUM. I HAD A GANGBANG. He dropped his jaw and visualized that mental porno. I nodded playfully the entire time he stared at me. Finally, I lifted my bar of Zest and asked him to wash my back. Taking the soap he cleaned me off really good. It was fun being pampered outside in broad daylight where people living around us might see. I knew for a fact nearly every house on our block had at least one horny guy in it. Most of the people around here were divorced or should be. LOL! I've heard my Mom talk about some of them so I'm sure she's made her rounds flirting shamelessly. That, or they've stopped her one time or twenty.
All clean Lyle rinsed me with really cold water. I shivered and watched my nipples grow right before our eyes. Pinching them I winked at the lawyer. SO IF I EVER GET ARRESTED I CAN CALL YOU TO DEFEND ME? He chuckled at my jest and nodded with OR JUST CALL ME. As he lowered his hose I decided to be bold and rush into his arms. Standing on tiptoe I gave him a big wet kiss. My whole body did seeing as I was dripping in tap water. LOL! He dropped his hose and held me close eager to maintain my kiss. Older guy he may be but WOOHOO what a good kisser. I apologized for my breath tasting like jizz. He didn't care in the least. That only made me hornier.
WANNA COME INSIDE? He asked. I told him YOU CAN CUM INSIDE. LOL! I did make a stipulation though and hoped I didn't turn him away. YOU CAN FUCK ME BUT IT HAS TO BE OUTSIDE. I wanted the thrill of people watching. Damn my exhibitionist side. LOL! He had to ponder that request, looking all around him. He noted activity had increased since bathing me. Luckily, he felt comfortable in using his body to block cars that he knew might see me. All good! I wasn't thinking that's for sure. I just lived for the wet dream Big Daddy. LOL!
Lyle turned his back to traffic and unzipped his cargo shorts pointing for me to do the rest. Crouching in front of him I looked up with my best erotic gaze and fondled through his zipper until I found gold. Stroking a fairly large cock for effect I observed his facial reaction. The older guy definitely needed a good hand job if nothing else. We'll see if I can push that further. LOL! Come on I'm barely 18 this is his lucky day. He knew I was of age because Mom threw me a birthday party just before I graduated High School. Banner and balloons on the front lawn. He even wished me happy birthday and gave me $20. I was rich. LOL! I wonder if I could get $200 for this hand job? Dang I sound like a hooker more and more.
Bringing out his cock it was at least six inches. Small by my usual standards. LOL! The guys I've encountered were all beasts. It's nice to know there are a few smaller economy sizes out there. LOL! I massaged him nice and hard until his mushroom got really purple. Just to make him sigh I puckered my lips and kissed it saying THERE I KISSED YOUR BOOBOO. He huffed back with MIGHT TAKE SOME CPR TO KEEP HIM GOING. I fidgeted a bit as if studying it before an intentional pouty face HE LOOKS AS IF HE IS IN PAIN. Lyle nodded and replied with EXCRUCIATING. I shook my head goofily with a childlike voice I CAN FIX THAT. Mouth wide I swallowed as much of Lyle as I could. Come on six went in easy. LOL! After a few minutes the lawyer used both hands and held the back of my head and face fucked me a good five minutes. I took it like a good little slut. As he unloaded down my throat we both heard whistles. Only my bulging eyes darted about trying to locate my wolves. It wasn't until Lyle released me that I could look, if I could only see due to my weeping eyes. He fucked me so hard they were watering like he'd sprayed my face with his hose. Close enough. LOL!
As Lyle put his dick away he motioned me to look toward the next door driveway. Outside stood neighbor Bill and his friend Colby. They had just come home from a jog by the looks of sweat and breathing heavily. That or they were just happy to see me nakie after my living next to Bill and being sexy hot 24/7. LOL! I think their run was the real issue. Recognition of me made the two friends share a grin. I heard Bill say, WELL IF IT ISN'T MAGGIE CALLOWAY'S KID. Colby barely knew me having only seen me once or twice coming home from work in my Park District outfit. All he knew was that I was a hot piece of barely legal ass. YES I AM!
Bill kept to his property line as he struck up a conversation with Lyle, YOU SURE ABOUT THIS LYLE? Too which the lawyer confirmed, SHE'S OLD ENOUGH TO MAKE HER OWN DECISIONS. SHE WANTED MY DICK, I GAVE IT TO HER. ISN'T THAT RIGHT VIOLET? Remaining on my knees I nodded excitedly, wagging my tongue at them as if a dog suffering from heat. My dog routine went over perfectly, Colby bending forward as if holding a Scooby snack in his fingers, coaxing me to their side of the yard. COME HERE POOCH. LET'S SEE YOU WAG THAT TAIL.
Bill wasn't sure what to make of things. I could tell as he looked up and down the street at nearly a dozen guys casting favorable thumbs up that it still worried him. I focused on Colby, Bill could still open up more. On my way Colby. LOL! On all fours I seductively crossed Lyle's yard wagging my heart shaped ass from side to side. With my attention on Colby, Lyle caught me off guard with a squirt from his garden hose, his target my butt hole. It made me jump and yelp laughing. That lightened Bill's mood more he was smiling now. Of course, Lyle's squirt gun spicket got them wet too. DON'T COOL THEM OFF LYLE. DAMMIT BOY! LOL!
Here I go again playing canine cunt, just like I did for David's boys when they made me seduce their Professor. He had me doing far worse, even drinking from a dog dish. Here and now I was in charge, so PUPPY POWER! this was fun, volunteering my invisible flea collar just for kicks. RED ROVER, RED ROVER, BEND VIOLET RIGHT OVER. LOL! Woof! Woof!
Reaching their feet I reared up on my knees and licked Colby's hand like a dog, that led to my sucking on his finger like a cock, needs to be a cock Colby. LOL! Patting my hair with a goofy tone of voice Colby blatantly asked DOES PUPPY GIRL WANT A MILKBONE? I yelped playfully and again wagged my cute ass from side to side. Bill halted Colby from dropping his jogging trunks, seeing his reluctance I grit my teeth and snarled at him. Nobody...NOBODY was getting in my way of a meaty treat. LOL! I added I BITE BILL. That made him soften up enough to smirk. Finally, he spoke up, DOES YOUR MOTHER KNOW YOU'RE LIKE THIS? I responded with another growl and I snapped my pearl whites at him viciously. Colby laughing came to my rescue, gotta love the Humane Society. LOL! He said I DON'T THINK VIOLET CARES BILLY. I shook my head negatively and barked at Bill. He chuckled and finished his thought with WE WEAR THE MUZZLE THEN, RIGHT FELLAS? Yessssssssss! I trained my owners well. LOL!
Colby wasted no time in lowering his shorts, another healthy six by my galculations. LOL! Five of that flopped out half erect, six soon enough, as he swiftly began stroking it in front of my face. Whimpering all puppy faced as I watched him I moved closer and nuzzled my nose on his crown, pre cum getting my left nostril wet. I ignored it and opened my jaw under him, he abandoned his beast to let me take him into my mouth. Still timid I playfully thrashed his cock from side to side as if playing Tug O War. Bill and Lyle behind me laughed. Colby shook his head and felt his beast rile up. I felt it too, he was literally growing in my throat. I'M SO FUCKING TALENTED. LOL! MILKBONE! MILKBONE!
SHAKE IT TRIXIE Colby chuckled under mild discomfort. I couldn't resist laughing and it made me abandon him just long enough to get over my giggles, then I went for his balls. Dogs like playing ball, right? So...I fetched. LOL! I heard Colby coaxing Bill with COME ON BILLY GET IN HERE. LET'S TRAIN THE POOCH TOGETHER. Train me, huh? We'll see whom trains whom. LOL!
As Bill grew more intrigued he turned his back to the street and blocked me from being seen. Whipping his pecker out I found him full throttle ready. I didn't expect that old fart to be so hung. Damn Oldman. LOL! He was easily 8.5 on the Dictor scale, meaning if that guy fucked me I'd be shaking like Andreas and it would all be his fault. LOL! Reaching up for that big dick I made certain he knew I was in awe of it. He grinned from ear to ear until he finally said INTIMIDATED VIOLET? I fidgeted a bit before shaking my head no and gripping a hold of him. His girth was nearly a pop can in diameter. Wow! BOWOW even.
I can do this guys. No problemo! I'll just jerk both of you off until you cum then I'll chase the next car. Maybe even a firetruck. LOL! BIG RED TRUCK. LOL! Colby missed my blowjob so I offered him a little more. In my peripheral I could see Bill saddened that he wasn't getting the same attention. Breaking from Colby with a wagging tongue to his urethra I challenged myself to give Bill my best. HANGING WITH THE BIG DOGS I giggled then wrapped my lips around Bill's mushroom. Definitely a mouth full but I pressed onward, taking as much of Bill as I could. He showed his appreciation with fingers petting my platinum blond fur. Then, it happened. Bill grew some balls and grabbed the back of my head and face fucked the literal snot out of me. Even I got tired of hearing my gags as my face turned beet red. Bill was on a mission. Colby resorted to just jacking off over my ass as he knelt behind me. DAMMIT COLBY. MY DOGGY DOOR IS RIGHT THERE FUCK ME. Not in the cards, like a good male dog he just sniffed it. LOL!
Five long breathless minutes I heard myself go AWK AWK AWK AWK under Bill's determination. Eventually he nutted in my throat and forced me to swallow every drop. Overheated I felt woozy until Colby shot his load. I didn't even have time to enjoy it thanks to Lyle and his damn water hose. Keeping it clean I guess. LOL! Cold water just chilled me to the bone. I shivered and noted cars honking while driving by. Even with Bill in the way it did look really obvious. Honk away fanboys. Girls maybe. I guess I was Best in Show.
Exhausted but hornier than ever I lay back in the wet grass and act like a dog scratching its back, after a healthy laugh I settled within their circle and began masturbating. MY TURN I giggled and looked up at them as if begging for more attention. I got it as Colby crouched next to me and rubbed my belly, his hand slowly creeping down toward my pubic area. Avoiding my playing hand he merely said THAT'S SUCH A GOOD GIRL. Fuck yeah I am. Moaning as my fingers dipped deep I arched my back while Lyle turned his hose on gentle mist over my chest. So erotic. Guys on the sidewalks now circulated for better views. Bill looked stressed by the gathering but I needed their attention. Whimpering until Bill looked down at me I yelped at him. He caught on to my needs and let the group of three neighbors move in to watch me. No more dog tricks, as the three joined our fun I looked up at them and said SOMEONE FUCK ME PLEASSSSSE.
The three men got spooked yet lingered. Nobody wanted to take the risk so I just continued fucking myself until I squirted out toward their feet. Wore out in the moment I just laid there convulsing and looking totally sexy. I did get applause as the three men opted to run off instead of getting too involved. PUSSIES! Sitting up I let Lyle rinse my face of sweat with that fine mist. Thankful I found the energy to rise and give Bill and Colby a big wet hug. Lyle I gave a smooch to before wiggling away toward the street. I couldn't help myself I danced right in the middle after looking both ways. My neighbors loved me. OH MY GOD! I'VE STARTED A NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH GROUP. LOL!
I won't deny I peed a little knowing the lust they all had for watching me. Guys mowing yards were looking down the street at me. Older guys checking their mailboxes knowing it was getting close to delivery time just to look at me. WHEN YOU GOT IT, YOU GOT IT. LOL! HELL I WANT ME.
Dare I prowl too far from home? While I love the risk, sooner or later someone that doesn't approve is going to raise hell. Do I risk the fact one of them actually does rat me out to my Mom? Lyle said it best I was old enough to make my own decisions but, I like my home. Old enough to be booted out on to the street too. Which is where I just happen to be dancing at the moment. LOL! I feel like my body is listening to that old song Girls Just Wanna Have Fun. At least I'm dancing to it. LOL! Screw Mom. I just wanna have fun too. So do all these horny men. Men just wanna have fun...with cute little me.
OOOOO MAILMAN. He's running on time today. If it's our usual mailman he and I have already met. LOL! He delivered a package David ordered two months ago before I took my teasing to the next level. I was practicing and he was my test subject. That particular day Mom and David were gone to some business matter meeting so I was free to roam in my bra and panties. Slingshot G-string and tiny pirate patch nipple covers. LOL! Only my yummy stuff was covered. It was glorrrrrious.
Yep! That's my male order kind of guy. He's probably 45 but who cares right? Almost every guy drooling over me right now is around that age. I kinda like older guys anyway. Even though my gangbangs have been mostly in the 20-30 range. I've had a good few oldies but goodies. LOL! Still a block away I just lingered at our curb side mailbox and let him discover me posing sexy for him. I'd just kill time waving and blowing kisses at my onlookers. I could still hear Lyle, Bill, and Colby giving me tips on how to flaunt my stuff. As if I needed advice on my slut skills. LOL! At whistles from across the street I mooned them literally bending over and spreading my cheeks. I call this my Hunter's moon, just waiting on dull arrows of the meaty kind, only in this target, maybe this one too. LOL! Yup my fingers took turns pointing at my pussy and my butthole.
Two more mailboxes between me and my cute package. He discovered me because I can see him grinning. His sunglasses couldn't even hide that fact. I planted my elbow on the top of the box and touched my sweet pussy so that I could suck on my taste for him to watch. He did because he was licking his lips. Maybe I'll let him sample my juice. AWESOME IDEA! I CAN OPEN A HIMONADE STAND. LOL! Here he comes...
I REMEMBER YOU The mailman chuckled placing our mail in the box as I opened the door for him. I replied with NO UNDIES THIS TIME. He recalled with I CAN SEE THAT. He lowered his shades to check me out. Boldness kicking in I moved between my mailbox and his postage buggy. Lifting my tits I stood on my tiptoes and offered him a sample. "NIPPLE? I offered. DON'T MIND IF I DO. He laughed and licked both nipples before sucking the left tit. I cooed. LOL! He lifted away just as I let my boobies go in favor of rubbing my wet pussy. Showing him glossy fingers I tempted his lips. He bought it and tasted me. I could not stop smiling. Nervous suddenly, he accidently hit his horn. HONK IF YOU'RE HORNY? I giggled. He smiled and told me that he needed to go before anyone reported this. Saddened I said NOBODY HAS CALLED THE COPS ON ME YET. He fidgeted and added YET. He was right. Dammit. DROP BY SOMETIME AND LICK MY POSTAGE STAMP. LOL! Pulling away I danced in a circle at how fun that was. Whistles all around me drew me like a moth to a flame. FLIT! FLIT! LOL! Okay the fire is everywhere which flame should I fly toward? LOL!
A four man cluster three houses down and across the street seemed to call my name. That and the fact they were actually calling my name. LOL! VIOLET OVER HERE. I didn't know any of them really but come on they knew my name. SMELL THE FLOWER BABIES. I grew careless in my bubbly state and darted right into the middle of the street. A car horn tooting once made me freeze and turn to face the car slowing up to await my exit. In the car was a younger woman who shook her head at my behavior. Through the windshield in her backseat I saw a young child in a car seat, luckily he was asleep. Still, Mom was pointing at him then wagging her finger at my perversions, still even she winked at me. I felt really bad suddenly and clasped my palms together as if apologizing. If the child had witnessed my stupidity that would have been awful. That by itself made me want to go home and cry. Before I could even move out of her way a massive set of arms snatched me up and threw me over his shoulders. MY HERO. Suddenly, my shame just faded away and the woman drove off.
GOTTA BE MORE CAREFUL WE NEED THIS CUTE ASS ALIVE. He palmed my ass cheek as my tits crushed against his shoulder blades. He was in pretty good shape if I say so myself. Carrying me over to his three buddies he stood me up and they surrounded me for safety reasons. I was really nervous, still at tad upset over the child thing. It took the men to calm me with compliments and telling me not to let that incident get to me. How could I not? A sturdy hug made my emotions relax. That and a really hard erection pressing into my lower abdomen. OH MY GOD! I'M BACK. LOL!
THANKS FOR RESCUING ME. I told my muscular man in a tank top. He replied back with ANYTIME. YOU PUT ON ONE HELL OF A SHOW VIOLET. I smiled and blushed a bit, peering around at the other three to see them looking at my ass. Who needs a pretty face when they never look at it? STARE AWAY BOYS. STARE HARDER. I grew shy for some reason and thought about what to say. I went with, YOU KNOW MY NAME? Muscle boy confirmed how, I KNOW YOUR MOM'S BOYFRIEND'S SON BRAD. SAME GYM. HE'S SHOWED ME PICS OF YOU. GOTTA SAY YOUR BODY IS SEXIER IN PERSON.
BRAD IS SHOWING ME OFF? He nodded YEP! Wow! Thanks Brad. LOL! I need the exposure. The gym? Why did I not think of that? Perfect place to tease guys. I reached out and touched his bicep with an astonished expression, telling him I MIGHT NEED A PERSONAL TRAINER. Smirking he nodded with DROP BY GOLD'S AND I'LL LET YOU PUMP IRON WITH ME. I lowered my gaze to his magnificent tent and gravitated my hand toward it I LIKE PUMPING IRON. His friends laughed at my mischievous tone. CAN I LIFT HIM? My voice went babylike for some odd reason but it even made me wet.
SURE YOU CAN. He unzipped his cargo pants and let out POPEYE. That sailors wink was too cute. He must live on spinach. LOL! OH MY GOD! Even his veins looked like an anchor tattoo. LOL! I was trickling olive oil down my inner thighs. LOL! Yeah, I know my funnies weren't that funny. I grabbed that sailor and used both hands to charm him. Sheepishly I looked around at his friends and saw them no surprise...still eying my sweet lil ass. It made me use one hand to reach behind me and slap a cheek to break their trance. That did it, now hands were rubbing my back and my butt. FINALLY!!
YOU SURE KNOW HOW TO GET WHAT YOU WANT VIOLET, Muscleman told me. I shivered and said I WANT IT ALL. As I said that I used my hand to cup his balls adding...ALL. He puckered up and said BEND OVER. I obeyed instantly turning to face his friends, fluttering my fingers toward them as I bent forward. Feeling Popeye stick his eight incher up to roll amid my labia made me tremble hard. I was finally going to get fucked again. YAY! He entered me slow but once inside hit me hard. His friend sturdies my stance by holding my tits. Go figure. LOL!
As Popeye's fingers encircled my throat it reminded me of the sunbathing in the park. I love being choked. His strength made me want to be abused. FUUUUCCCCKKKK YEAH. I let him know his efforts were welcomed. His friends merely watched and fondled me. Nobody volunteered more, not even a dick out for me to suck. POO! LOL! In my thrilling torment I saw more cars going by. We were right next to the curb and it was incredible knowing I could be seen being fucked hard. I just hope no more kids were looking. There actually wasn't many kids on this block. I never see them at least. Fluke earlier maybe? I'm over it.
Turning me to face traffic, cars driving by slowed up to watch his aggression being taken out on my pussy. I know my facial expressions were pure awe and ecstasy. The drivers waved. I waved back. SO AWESOME. Two cars bumper to bumper pulled over to the curb and watched more closely. My lover took things and me closer. I was a ragdoll in his clutches, beet red at his strangulation as he lifted me by my throat and carried me the ten feet until I was face to face with one driver. SAY HI. Loverboy told me. I couldn't form words so I just puckered my lips and blew kisses without the use of my hands. They were holding on to the drivers window sill. GIVE THIS BITCH A KISS he directed the driver. Sure enough he did. Mmmm! Nice lips.
I was moaning hard even as I shared the drivers kiss. I could tell he loved this. My pussy was screaming to cum hard. Girth Brooks was telling me TWO PENIS COLADAS. LOL! Awww maaan! Now i want DP. LOL!
Moving me to the car behind this one I didn't give it a second thought. I was ready for anything...EXCEPT THAT...OH MY FUCKING GOD! My eyes bulged bigger than I've ever had them and I immediately struggled against my lover. He wasn't having it. Neither was I...I handled it the only way it could go down as he planted my upper body over the car hood forcing me to look at the two in the car. Ready for this? I'm not.
DADDY! In the black Camaro sat my real Father and my brother Chad. The look of disappointment in me was obvious. My lover was so into fucking me it took a louder DAAAADDDDY to get through to him. Of course, he was pretty dense. THAT'S RIGHT CALL ME DADDY. He pounded my cunt so hard I couldn't resist cumming all over his dick, while terrified all the same. My Father had never seen me even in a bathing suit let alone naked in a sexual position, out in the open like this. Panic mode led to my clawing at my lover to draw blood. As he gripped my hair kinda pissed off I gushed a second wave due to adrenalin. Maybe I peed. LOL! Yeah, I definitely peed on him.
It took my Dad to get out of his car and offer a deadly glare at my lover to make him release my hair and finish up. It was a testosterone showdown that I didn't need to see. YOU DONE WITH MY DAUGHTER? Dad growled rolling his sleeves up threateningly. My lover actually grew arrogant and hit my pussy harder, I bawled my eyes out totally humiliated by this turn of events. My Father is a pretty big guy but not big enough to challenge Popeye. Worse yet, even as Popeye held me firmly I couldn't help but moan at how much it felt good. Sorry Daddy. Please forgive me.
Even my brother watching me hit home. He's three years older than me and lives with Dad. Watching this must be horrible for him. Hearing the car behind us screech off in a panic, and muscle boy's friends scatter at hearing DADDY and MY DAUGHTER in the same breath brought a fearful realization that this was not going to go well. All I could think of was how Mom and Dad were going to fight over how I was raised to be some slut. Okay, that wasn't the only thing I was thinking. HARDER! HARDER! FUCK I'M GONNA CUM AGAIN.
My brother looked really uncomfortable sitting in the front seat. Worried I was being hurt. More worried that Dad was gonna get beat up if he pushed this guy. Me enjoying this monster cock draining me dry. LOL! Sorry nervous laugh. Dad had his cell out and putting up a good argument 911 IT IS. That made my guy friend loosen up on me. NOOOOOOOOO! CUM IN ME! I accidently yelled just that. My Dad shook his head and paused to explore my situation. Why was my brother trying not to laugh? Don't do that Chad or I'll start laughing too. FUCK!
Snarls behind me I knew Popeye was ready to punch out Brutus. LOL! HIT ME HARDER! OH SHIT! Put your cell down Chad. Stop recording me. Not cool. Baby sister getting tagged was gonna go viral to all his friends. Hash tagged even. Oooo! Do that Chad. LOL! I'm hopeless. Even in front of Daddy and my brother I couldn't stop being a whore. Dad gave up throwing his hands in the air disgusted by my actions leading toward pleasure over respecting him. I'm such a dumb bitch. Yeah, you readers can agree with me. Go on call me one.
Popeye came really hard inside me. I know Chad recorded my climax as my body leaped directly into convulsion territory, my facial expression like some Pornstar faking her emotions. I wasn't faking though. My yelps faded into lost voice territory. Even as I quaked Popeye wasn't done. Turning me to face him he lifted me up and sat me on Daddy's car hood defiantly. Grabbing my ankles Popeye forced me on to my back with my legs wide. He buried his face into my cum soaked pussy and literally sucked his own cum out of me. OH MY GOD! This was a first. Once his mouth was full he leaned over me and spat his jizz on my face. Was I stupid for opening my mouth wide as if catching it? LOL! No doubt.
Grossed out Dad had seen enough. Aggression finally took over and Dad advanced grabbing Popeye and pushing him away from me. While they pushed each other Popeye nearly tripped over his lowered cargo pants. Too funny. Me? I rolled over facing Chad and let him record me wiping cum from my face and licking it from my fingers. His reaction was better than expected. I even heard him say FUCK YEAH! Acknowledging his verbal response I rolled my eyes and razzed him with my tongue.
The fight over behind me I felt Daddy's anger first hand. He yanked me from the car hood and bent me over, blistering my ass right there in the street. I let on I was sorry but he knew better. Even his spanking my ass red only fueled my desires. CAREFUL DADDY. I don't want...do I? NO I DON'T WANT TO FUCK MY DAD. EWWWW!
DON'T EVER LET ME CATCH YOU DOING STUPID SHIT LIKE THIS AGAIN. I cried for effect...no I really cried. My ass was on fire. Daddy literally grabbed me by the cuff of my neck and forced me into a long walk down the street to Mom's house. At the front door he let me grab my bag and unlock the front door. Entering, he followed, leaving Chad outside. Slamming the door behind us he grilled me on why I felt the need to be this stupid. I clammed up pouting as he grabbed a blanket from the sofa to cover me up and sat me down on the couch. I tried not to laugh knowing that just a few days ago I sat naked under the same blanket with Mom and David. All three of us nude. Ironic, huh?
I DROPPED BY TO TAKE YOU OUT FOR SUPPER. WE HAVEN'T TALKED IN AWHILE. NOW I JUST NEED TO GO BEFORE I TAKE MY BELT OFF AND REALLY LET YOU HAVE IT. Whoa! My dirty mind jumped at hearing that. HOLD UP VIOLET. NOT WITH DADDY. BEYOND WRONG. STOP THINKING LIKE THAT. SO NOT GONNA HAPPEN. THAT WOULD CRUSH HIM. I nodded that I understood him and apologized again. That led him to calm down and sigh. PLEASE DON'T DO THAT EVER AGAIN. I LOVE YOU VIOLET.
I stood up crying and rushed into his arms and said I love you too right back, with my arms outstretched that blanket hit the floor. I was hugging Daddy naked. Ohhhh boy! Apologizing again while still embracing him he did the fatherly thing and rubbed my back. Ummm! Little low there Daddy. My eyes bulged out feeling his hand lowering until it patted my bare bottom. I'M SORRY I WHIPPED YOU. I wasn't. LOL! I held him awhile longer just to sense his reaction. Finally, he kissed me on the forehead then expressed a gross look. Oh yeah. Popeye just spit cum all over my face. Poor Daddy.
LET'S TRY THIS AGAIN NEXT WEEKEND. Daddy released me and bent over in front of me to pick my blanket up. Whoa! Did he just look over his brow at my pussy? NO WAY! He swiftly stood back up and covered me again. DINNER ON SATURDAY? I nodded yes and shuffled to walk Daddy out. I waved at Chad who sat laughing because as soon as Dad's back was turned I dropped my blanket and danced in the doorway.
Closing the door I looked through the peep hole until they drove off. Sighing with relief I heard my cell ping in my bag on the floor. Rushing to look at the text it was my brother Chad. He wrote SLUT!! with a hugging emoji. I giggled and typed back SHOW YOUR FRIENDS. He immediately answered back with ALREADY DID. YAY! I ended my text with WIPE YOUR CHIN. LOL! He ended his with WIPE YOUR ENTIRE FACE. Too funny.
That actually went better than expected. Daddy might keep this to himself instead of bickering with Mom over it. I stood there nude looking over other texts when the doorbell rang. Jumping at it I crept over to see who it was. Whoa! The three guys that was with Popeye. Opening the door I smiled. YESSSSSS? I presumed they were here to apologize for Popeye's arrogance. NOPE!
CAN VIOLET COME OUT AND PLAY? The chosen leader winked. Blanket snatched up I took it to the front lawn and rolled it out as I had at the park. Laying down I spread my legs and said WHERE WERE WE? Yeah, the guys took numbers and fucked me on the lawn. All three led to a fourth showing up late. My screams were probably getting too loud. LOL! Thanks to Lyle's hose I took the hint. LOL!
THANK YOU LYLE.
"It was the neighborly thing to do."