For graduation from high school her mom and dad had bought her a Cinelli Gazzetta Della Strada touring bike. It was light weight and high-tech. She put a bike rack in the back of her old Toyota pickup and spent most of the summer participating in bike rallies and competitions.
Emily was a month away from her twentieth birthday. As a former cheerleader and gymnast, she was both physically fit and mentally tough. She'd been sexually active since the weekend before her eighteenth birthday. The day after her high school graduation party she went down to the mall and got her hair cut short and dyed jet black. She left a long blonde ponytail and her blue-eyed Pollyanna appearance on the salon floor at J.C. Penny's.
Emily met him three weeks ago at the bike shop. She watched David while he repaired her bike. They talked while he worked. She thought to herself, "Oh, and David when you're finished with my bike, I want you to fuck me over there on your work bench." But she didn't ask him, she would never be that bold with a stranger. While she waited and watched she worked on a personal check-list.
She raced high-tech bikes and he did too; check. She was tall, and he was taller; check. She was old enough and he was older; check. She was going to the university just up the road and he was a local; check. He couldn't keep his eyes off her body and she noticed; check. She was horny, and he was single; check.
"I have Tuesday and Wednesday off," David said casually as he carried her bike out to her pickup. "Would you like to do a 10K run with me on Tuesday?"
"Where do you want to meet?" Emily said with a confident smile.
"How about the University parking lot next to the soccer field ticket booth at seven a.m.?
'It's a date. I'll see you Tuesday at seven by the soccer field" She replied.
Emily hit it off with David right away. They'd been on five runs in three weeks, to McDonalds four times and had missionary position sex in his apartment twice.
****
They rounded a corner with Emily following close behind David as they started a slight downhill run. She had been in the trail position for the past twenty minutes admiring his tight beautiful ass. Her admiration turned to wonder.
David's cycling pants were made from a black formfitting fabric that was both practical and revealing. The red pin striping and patterns accented his powerful legs. David stood half crouched over his handlebars and started peddling like crazy. He sprinted to gain momentum that would carry them up the small hill in the distance. Emily did the same and matched his pace as they swept down the hill.
There are three contact points on a bicycle: The bicycle saddle (or seat), the pedals (or stirrups) and the handlebars. Every serious rider equipped their bicycle with the saddle, pedals and handlebars that ergonomically complemented their bodies and riding style.
Emily had chosen a saddle designed especially for women. The Selle Italia Diva flow women's saddle was designed for the long-distance rider. But most of all, it had a shock absorbing system that kept an unexpected bump in the road from pitching her seat into her bits.
Emily was wondering how it felt for guys to sit on all their stuff. She tried to imagine what it would be like if her clit was nine inches long, as big around as her bicycle grip and her labia was as large as a big set of balls.
"I've got a really fucked up question?" Emily said into her headset.
"Go with it." David replied, without letting up on the pace.
"Well, I've been watching your magnificent ass bob up and down on that seat for the past five miles wondering if it hurt?"
"Wondering if what hurt?" He replied quizzically, as he sat back on the seat and began to coast.
Emily hovered over her seat, while shifting her weight until her clit was rubbing against the saddle. She peddled to match his speed, still in trail behind him.
"Well, I don't know just how to put this. But here goes."
'I can see that your, ah, marvelously large package clearly extends along your right inseam inside your pants. Does it bruise your cock or balls when you're sitting on the seat and peddling like crazy? She asked with a completely serious tone.
Emily watched David's back straighten and legs close as he continued to pedal at a comfortable pace
"Thanks for the complement and no, they don't get bruised." He said, as he laughed into his microphone.
"How about you, is your labia bruised and sore after a 15K ride?"
Emily's laughter was loud enough to voice activate the microphone. Hearing David used the word labia had taken her by surprise. Guys she knew weren't so spot on with their language.
"Sometimes," She replied honestly.
David was surprised by her answer, but he didn't respond. She had sounded hesitant, like she wasn't finished with her answer.
"I have to apologize for being so crude," Emily said contritely, "I should have said penis or scrotum instead of cock and balls. And by the way, your use of labia instead of pussy was spot on. I'm used to boys saying pussy."
Emily again heard laughter in her headset.
"Thanks for clearing that up for me. However, guys use the word pussy for eating and fucking because it means the whole enchilada."
"Ok, that sounds like guys," Emily chuckled, "But if you're going to use a food reference, taco would have been more accurate."
She decided to spice up the banter and pulled out to pass him.
"PASSING!" Emily called out.
David didn't slow while Emily took the lead. He lustfully watched her as she passed by on his left. Emily's short black hair was striking against the backdrop of her neon green and black trimmed touring pants. Her ass was high. Her head was down, and her long legs stopped abruptly at the three-finger gap in her crotch. David never had any complaints about letting Emily lead.
As Emily passed David she laughed and said, "Watch my pussy."
"OK, it will be difficult," He teased, "but I'll try."
Emily's pedals and handlebars were adjusted to easily accept her weight. She used the saddle for resting and making the ride more interesting. Whether she was peddling fast or slow, all she had to do was push her clit onto the saddle with as much erotic pressure as was needed to keep her happy spot happy. She was center stage for David and dramatically emphasizing her movements for his benefit.
After Emily found her happy spot she peddled faster.
David easily matched her speed while he continued to focus his gaze as he had been instructed. He watched lustfully as Emily lowered her crotch to a hover, just above her seat. It looked to him as if she was adjusting her pelvis to find a comfortable position. The old joke about wanting to be reborn in the next life as a girl's bicycle seat entered his mind.
"I've got to admit that on a good run I can rub one off in about three miles." Emily announced boldly as she grinded away against the saddle.
"Holy shit Emily, you can't tease me like that while I'm wearing these pants and watching you grind against your seat. There's no room in these pants for a colossal hard-on." He scolded.
"OK. Point well taken. It's break time," Emily said with a grin.
"How about we take a break at the lagoon up ahead next to the large rocks. I've warmed up a taco for your lunch."
Laughter and the phrase "Absofuckinglootly!" Filled her headset.
Emily stood on her pedals and turned down the beach access road. There were a few ruts here and there, but she negotiated them easily.
***
Emily stopped at the edge of the sandy beach and carried her bike to a secluded spot around two large rocks below a forested cliff. They could hear the cars passing on the highway above them, but they were out of sight of the road. The sun was almost directly overhead.
"This place is perfect." Emily said as she unzipped her form fitted jersey.
David watched as Emily shucked her day pack, shoes and top. He admired her bold confidence. He watched her pull and tug on her pants until they were off as well.
"Now, that feels much better." Emily said with satisfaction.
Down to her black trimmed neon pink sports bra and matching boyshorts she looked as if she was about to walk into a fashion shoot. Emily was five-eight, had a long neck, high collarbones and legs that seemed to never end.
"Get with the program!" She shouted at David as she turned and ran towards the surf.
Emily ran down the gently sloping beach and into the surf until she was knee deep.
David quickly stripped off his clothes and walked to the waterline.
Emily turned to splash water on David and squealed with delight as she watched him wade towards her with his cock swinging left and right as he walked. The first time that she had seen his cock she was shocked by its length and girth. She had never seen a flaccid cock that was nine inches long. She almost blushed just thinking about how cool his cock was and how confident he carried it.
"OMG! Here I am fully dressed while you're playing Mr. Nude America."
Emily quickly stepped out of her shorts and pulled her bra over her head. She tossed her undies onto the dry sand and splashed back into his arms.
She initiated the first kiss. She gently parted his lips and let her tongue go on auto pilot. They stood embraced, chest to breast and cock to mons while they made out like young teens. Emily broke off the kiss with a moan.
"Ok. Let me know how this feels." David whispered.
"Oh baby," She murmured in his ear.
David had placed his righthand thumb above her clit, slipped his second and third fingers past her slippery inner lips and gripped her firmly. The sensation of him taking command and holding her so firmly made her wiggle her g-spot against his fingertips in delight.
Emily teased, "You're going to have to take me bowling. It feels like you could roll me down the alley with the grip you've got on me."
David tilted his head forward for another kiss but did not bring his lips down to hers. Instead he started to lift her with his two-finger bowling ball grip.
"Oh My!" Emily exclaimed as she quickly popped up onto her toes
"Perfect." David said as her lips came up to his. David kissed her with a passion that she'd never felt before. His tongue erotically probed and darted, he nibbled and licked. But mostly he just kissed deeply and lovingly.
Emily had totally succumbed to his kissing.
David was turned on by the feel of her breasts and nipples against his chest and the vaginal grip she had on his fingers. He felt her spasm through his right hand and knew she was on the verge of losing it. He continued kissing her senseless while holding her firmly in his grip.
Emily was squirming her tight little ass and rocking his fingers into her g-spot. She was so lost in his embrace that she didn't have an inkling as to whether they'd been kissing for five minutes or five hours.
David surreptitiously lifted the fingers of his left hand to a position about two inches below Emily's right ear. Then with a feather light touch he brushed his fingers up her neck and lightly pinched her earlobe.
Emily's climax was so intense that her knees buckled. David held her tight against his chest with his left arm and maintained his grip. Emily buried her head in his chest and shook.
David removed the grip on her sex and carried her into the sun-warmed water of the little lagoon. When he reached waist high water he immersed them to their shoulders. His legs were between hers and his cock floated freely. It occasionally brushed against her thighs and stomach.
Emily leaned forward and swam up against him. Her perky breasts drug along his body from his navel to his chest. When his face was almost close enough to kiss, she wrapped her arms around his neck.
"Welcome back." He said.
Emily looked into his eyes and pursed her lips.
He took her face in his hands and kissed her gently.
David stood and slowly left the water.
Emily lazily watched his sculptured butt as David walked to the dry sand at the water's edge.
"Emily, the sand is really nice and warm."
"Ok." She answered.
Emily paddled until she was waist deep in the little lagoon. She noticed that David's eyes were fixed on her every move. She decided to give him a show.
With slow deliberation she rose from the water like a goddess. With her shoulders back and breasts held high she walked forward giving him a full-frontal profile. Emily was fully aware that every part of her cleanly shaved pussy was revealed. She could feel the water running down her body and trickling over the outer and inner lips of her slightly parted labia. She stopped half-way to him, raised her hands over her head in a full stretch and shook her short-wet hair from side to side.
David stood and walked slowly towards her. His cock had fully responded to her performance. He approached her with a big grin and said, "I'm ready for that taco."
"Let's find a good place for my picnic basket and I'll serve it up." She replied with a naughty grin.
David watched as Emily ran a finger through her folds, put her finger to her tongue and tasted. She responded to his gaze with a big smile.
"Yes, it's seasoned perfectly." She said, almost blushing from her own brazenness.
Emily and David walked hand in hand to a secluded spot on the warm dry sand next to their bikes. Demonstrating more of her newly discovered boldness she dropped to the sand, put her knees up and spread them invitingly.
"Your taco is ready, bon appetité." She said, as she laid her head back with her hands clasped behind her head.
***
Emily pushed herself up on her elbows. Her voyeur inner-self was not about to miss the show. She watched and felt his strong hands push her inner thighs out as he took command of her fully exposed vagina. Emily gasped in anticipation as he continued to push until her labia parted and exposed her inner lips and the entrance to her center.
David blew his warm breath the length of her folds up to her clit. He deftly moved his hand and fingers to her outer lips and gently opened them until her clit showed its tiny head to the world.
Emily was transfixed by David's tongue. She could feel the texture of his tongue as he drew it slowly from her anus through her folds, over the exposed milky white covered opening and up to her clit. When his tongue dipped into her opening a bolt of electricity shot up her spine. Her head snapped back and with an involuntary jerk she attempted to close her knees.
"Holy Fuck...!" Emily muttered under her breath.
David's arms contained her knee jerk while he held her firmly. He waited for her to catch her breath before returning to the scene of the crime.
She tilted her head back up in time to witness his assault on her outer lips. He was alternating left and right as he hummed and nibbled, pulled lightly with his teeth and probed with his tongue. As he bobbed back and forth she could feel that he wasn't touching her clit nor probing her opening. The feeling was exquisite.
Emily watched as David released the grip on her thighs. He placed his left palm on her mons with his thumb slightly above her clit. He shifted his hot gaze to her eyes for a moment and then back down to the center of his idolatry.
Emily gasped as he inserted two fingers from his right hand into her vagina. She could feel him searching for her g-spot.
"Yes...You found it...That's it!" She whimpered.
"Brace yourself." He said with a calmness that did not foreshadow his next move.
David then brought both of his thumbs into play simultaneously. One thumb pressed firmly on her anus as the other thumb lightly stroked her clit. He ratcheted up the intensity by sucking gently on her nub. He continued to work is fingers in and out of her soaked vagina.
Emily's eyes rolled to the back of her head and fell back to the sand as a series of spasms pushed her over the edge. She could feel David's hands release and the cool sea breeze move across her wet and exposed vagina.
"No... Don't stop!" Emily moaned out the plea with her eyes tightly shut.
"Who said anything about stopping." David said as he impaled her with his fully engorged cock.
"Oh My God! That is so nice..." Emily murmured.
David was stroking her pussy when his hands went to work.
Emily was grooving to the piston action of his cock. Then she felt David's hands on her breasts.
Emily's inner cheerleader threw her pom poms in the air and yelled, "Touchdown".
During David's assault on her taco, Emily had forgotten completely that she had breasts.
David sucked her left nipple, tugged and pulled on her other nipple without missing a stroke.
Emily felt David push all the way to the hilt and stop. She felt the first wave of an orgasm approaching.
"I'm half a click to the finish line, shift gears now!" She commanded.
David jumped on it, balls slapping, cock thrusting and pelvis rocking. By not focusing on hers and going for his, he hoped just to finish. It wasn't a competition, but he didn't want to lose by a mile. He backed off on his thrusting for the final hundred meters and crossed the finish line with her.
They laid on their backs basking in the sun. David had draped his shirt across his eyes. A cool breeze was blowing across their naked bodies. Emily rolled over onto her stomach and up on her forearms. She positioned her head over David's basking cock.
"Do you mind if I touch you?"
"No, it's all yours." He said lazily.
Emily lifted his cock with two fingers and let it drop. She took her fingernail and drew it from the base of his balls to the base of his glans and then up to the slit.
David didn't flinch during the five minutes that she lightly push, pulled, rolled and stroked it. However, he let nature take its course.
"My oh my, it's growing pretty fast." Emily reported as if David didn't know it.
Emily had attempted a blow job only once and it had been a disaster. The boy wasn't circumcised. His cock was soft. They both were inexperienced. He came immediately in her mouth. And the taste was terrible.
She hadn't felt the urge to try again, until now.
"Promise me you will tell me before you come." She said tentatively as she looked down on his huge erection.
"Of course," he said,
Emily kissed the head of his cock and took a deep breath. She had listened to her girlfriends talk about how to do this and she was about to put their advice to the test.
She let the saliva pool in her cheeks and lubricated her way down his cock. He was so big that she only got about two inches down his shaft. She pumped her lips up and down a couple of times.
"How was that?" Emily asked, "I didn't get down very far."
"You're doing great. Use your fist ahead of your lips, it will take up the slack until you can go further down with your lips." He said with encouragement.
She took his advice and gripped is cock in one hand and again covered the top of his cock with her lips. She squeezed her lips tight and hummed as he pumped and sucked his cock.
Emily didn't stop to take a breath. She quickly mastered breathing through her nose. She was going down on him until she couldn't go any farther. She was in the zone, going at it with all her might, when David abruptly grabbed her hair and slowed her down.
"You're doing great, lets do this together." He said, as he pushed on her head and pulled on her hair.
Emily thought, "It's so smooth, and hard. And his hand on my head feels good, he's really getting into it."
Then it happened. Out of the blue, Emily lightly clawed his tight balls. And David yanked her head off his cock an instant before a huge load of cum slammed into her neck and chin.
"Let me go," Emily shouted.
David immediately released her hair and was surprised by her instant reaction.
Emily went straight back down on his come covered cock and redoubled her efforts until he was completely spent.
"Where did that come from? You said to tell you before I came. I had to pull you off to avoid coming in your mouth." He explained.
"You tasted good. And you didn't have any problem licking up mine. So, I was thinking what the fuck when you almost ripped my head off. I was in the middle of a down stroke when you yanked your lollypop out of my mouth."
"You get an A+ for that effort, I loved every second." He replied.
Emily smiled and said. "Let's go for a swim, it will be time to head back in a little while."
"Sounds great."
***
Emily started classes the following Monday morning. Nobody noticed as she positioned herself carefully on the hard classroom chairs. Somehow, she suffered a slight bruising.