The empty glasses on the dining table in Dan's parents house drew attention to the dimming evening but the laughter and merriment the four of us were emanating opposed. I turned my head to Dan beside me who's face beamed light. He was holding court as he always does, and I could feel his pride as he looked me up and down between jokes, resting his hand on my knee. We had been dating now for a little over four months and this was the first double date we had been on together. Our relationship so far had mostly consisted of wasting our days locked away with one another, sharing stories, conjuring jokes, and appreciating what we had found in one another; both in words and actions. Phil was a mutual friend of ours that we had each met through separate avenues and his on and off again girlfriend Hayley was a friend of mine from school. We were all eighteen.
The dinner was over, we were reaching that point of the evening where the well of stories was running dry and the humour was getting increasingly debasing. I sat with my legs crossed, Dan's fingers pressing against the inside of my knee, tensing against my skin any time I managed to contribute to the conversation: a subtle reassurance. I had always been a little reserved when it came to kissing or seeming inappropriate in front of others out of fear of annoying them. On this occasion, as the liberating alcohol smoothed out the inhibitions of showing public affection, both couples were holding one another at any open moment, sharing soft kisses on cheeks and then lips.
The fire roared in the sitting room joining the kitchen calling for us to gather round. Dan got up from the table and, taking me by the hand, continued laughing at the latest punchline Phil had performed. I slid from behind the table with Dan's hand guiding my lower back. Hayley and I giggled lightly as Phil mocked Dan's gesture of chivalry. Pointed at the fire were two grey leather sofas. Phil and Hayley rested down on one, Hayley's bare thighs pressing onto the warm leather. Dan and I sat on the other, Dan's arm draped over my shoulders, pulling me in tightly with the other hand. Phil whispered inaudibly into Hayley's ear, provoking a giggle from her flushed chest that echoed against the hum from the fire. He was kissing her neck as she started to close her eyes and rest her head against the sofa.
I could feel Dan's eyes on my long legs which were intertwined with one another as he moved his hand to my chin. Pulling my mouth to his, I felt his hot breath against my lips. Warmth poured over my skin, Dan's hand gliding down my neck and over my chest until he found my legs again. He kissed me gently. His soft lips pulled back while his tongue traced over my lips and slid inside to greet my tongue eagerly. I could feel the shift in the air. The calm, slow tension was ready to burst into a passionate, grasping need for one another.
When he moved his head away, my eyes were met with Phil tracing his hands all over Hayley's thighs up to her waist. He pulled her on top of him and her smooth pink thighs spread over him. He skimmed his hands over her dress and pulled it over her body, revealing her pink laced underwear that hugged into her curves. They fumbled as the urgency surged through them.
I looked back to Dan who hovered over me; his black hair glittering in the heat. He moved his hand to the back of my neck and lay me down on the sofa, swinging my legs up as he pressed himself between them. The glow from the fire lit his tanned face as his gaze followed the ebbs and flows of my body. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt, throwing it to the floor. I could feel the need in me growing, the desire to feel his warm, bare skin against mine. I lifted my hips towards him, and we clumsily pulled off my dress, my small breasts now on display before him. My breath escaped me as I ran my hands over Dan's back and pulled him into me until I could feel the heat of his chest and the light tickle of his chest hair against my nipples.
He arched his back as he leaned his head into my neck and traced his tongue again but this time from my décolletage to my nipples. The wet from his tongue sent tingles from my navel to my clit. His warm breath turned cold against my moist nipples. I could suddenly sense my exposure, the openness, and the freedom of this taboo. I took a glance at the adjacent sofa where Hayley's naked back moved seamlessly up and down as her arms moved over Phil's now naked chest. She lowered herself gracefully to the floor beneath them and pulled at Phil's trousers until they were facing each other; baring all. She smoothed her hands up his thighs and pulled her face between his legs.
Dan's back glistened and glowed before the bulging flames. I ran my hands through his hair, just stopping myself from urging him too strongly to where I wanted him to be. Instead, I savoured the appreciation; his desire for me. He was kissing my stomach, each kiss firmer, each touch closer and closer. I finally felt his warm breath against my clit. It was heavy and quickening. I could feel his restraint and attempt at suspense fall apart as he kissed my clit. His tongue rolled over it until it slipped inside me. I gasped for air as I whimpered, 'Fuck me.'
Phil's groans were growing before Hayley spread her legs over him again. Sliding herself on top of him until she let out a gasp and threw her head back in pleasure as he entered her. Her red hair flowed down behind her, meeting the beads of moisture rolling down her back. Phil's hands held her ass. His muscles flexing as he lifted her up and down in a slow, guided rhythm.
Seeing their bodies come together hastened my desire. The air hot in my chest was racing in and out with every move of Dan's tongue until his face came up to meet mine. I stared into his green eyes, his cheeks flushed, and lips wet. My arms, wrapped around his neck, pulled him in, tasting me on his lips. I felt his firm dick brushing against my inner thigh before he thrust himself inside me. The pleasure spread through my hips down to my feet. His arms outstretched on either side of my head for balance, I kissed them; taking all of him in. He continued weaving in and out of my pussy as he pulled my knees up to his shoulders, my feet hung down his back. His deep green stare devoured my body, evoking a husky groan from his chest.
His dick deeper inside me than I ever thought possible, I could feel his tip kissing the inside of my pussy. I moved my hips with his, consuming more and more of him with every thrust. Our bodies moved in sync, as one.
Hayley's whimpers we're increasing, calling out, 'Phil,' in between each caught breath. Strong hands held her waist, pulling her up and pushing her back down over and over. Her supple ass rippled each time it met his thighs. One hand supported her against Phil's chest while the other reached down, massaging her clit.
Watching them, I felt a hot wave building from my pussy. I turned my gaze to Dan, his chest wet with sweat. My hands reached out for him, my fingers running through his hair, over his open lips, down his chest and finally settled firmly on his ass. I pulled his hips in, demanding more of him and now. His thrusts got faster and harder. His hips smacked the back of my legs and ass. My pussy stretched around his wide dick. The wave was growing until it suddenly burst through my entire body, coursing through me in unbearable pleasure. I groaned uncontrollably as Dan groaned with every thrust.
Phil and Hayley simultaneously cried out in intense pleasure. Phil's legs trembled. Dan gave one powerful thrust, pushing his dick deep into my pussy. His cum exploded inside me. His dick pulsing with every burst, he filled my pussy with his warm cum. My legs wrapped around his waist and we both moaned with a sigh of exasperated pleasure as Dan's wet body pressed into my breasts. He pulled away, his arms shaking as his muscles tensed. He slid his wet dick out of me and lay down next to me, holding me close.
Phil and Hayley were sat next to one another but still intertwined with Phil's arms wrapped around her, his dick laying exposed on his lap. Hayley's knees were pulled up and pressed against her breasts, exposing her trimmed red pubes and pussy.
All of us, filling the room with the musky scent of our hot bodies.
"Well... we should do that again some time," Phil ejected as we released a relieved chuckle.