Kaye heard the front door close, the sound of bottles clinking together, and the deep swell of male laughter float down the hallway. She sat at her dressing table finishing her makeup and applying perfume. Her green eyes were cat like with their smoky black eyeshadow, and her lips sparkled with a wet slick of strawberry scented gloss. She was just straightening her long caramel coloured hair when the text came from her friend Alisha.
Sorry hunny, I can't make it! Something come up :(
Txt u in the morning k? hope u have gd night xxx
Kaye swore silently at the phone. She knew that the "something" which had come up was Alisha's ex Darren who turned up randomly with grand gestures and empty promises, swept Alisha off her feet (and into bed) only for her to remember what a pig he was the next day. Kaye was annoyed: Alisha knew there was no-one else available to go out with her this weekend.
Sighing heavily, Kaye headed to the kitchen to get a drink. She waved to the men in the open plan kitchen living area, who glanced up as she stalked in in a clinging black dress. Her black heels clicked on the kitchen tiles as she headed straight to the fridge, bending from the waist to yank a bottle of Smirnoff from the deep freeze. As she straightened up she noted was being watched by four sets of eyes.
"Pre-drinks?" Asked Jason, her boyfriend in his slight Scottish accent, focussing again on the tv screen where he and his friends were playing a PS4 game.
"It's off, Alisha had a better offer" Kaye made a sex motion with her fingers and thumb that Jason didn't notice.
"That's shit, babe. Ohhh, you fuckers!" He yelled at the tv.
His mates were Gary, a cheerful fellow mechanic from work, Jon, a sweet shy IT tech, and Daniel, a sexy dark haired guy who was an old friend of Jason's from school who had recently reconnected. Most got back to their game but Daniel kept his dark eyes on her as she downed her drink and slid off her shoes.
There was something intimate about his gaze as it slid up her legs and over her curves. She blushed and turned so he wouldn't notice. Fixing another drink, she glanced back to see him staring at her ass. She felt arousal stir low in her belly at the heat in his eyes.
As she walked back through the flat, drink in hand, a Bad Idea occurred to her. A tiny, delicious What If. The vodka cranberry was going down far too easily, and the Bad Idea painted a wicked smile across her face.
She lay on her bed on her front to text Alisha back, and it wasn't long before one of the men trailed past her open bedroom door to go to the bathroom at the end of the hall. She glanced up to see Jon, who waved hello but had his eyes on her ample cleavage displayed through the sheer panel of her lace topped dress.
On his way back Kaye called him in. He stood on the threshold of her bedroom awkwardly looking embarrassed, as she lowered her head, held her hair back and asked if he would mind unzipping her dress at the back for her.
"Oh, ok sure" he spoke nervously. His cool fingers accidentally stroked the back of her neck as he fumbled with the tiny zip, but eventually slid it down her spine to mid back, exposing her shoulder blades and distinct lack of bra. The dress now sagged open at the front as she brought her head back up, and he caught a glimpse of soft creamy breasts and the edge of one dusky pink nipple.
"Thanks Jon" she smiled. He all but ran back to the safety of the living room.
Kaye chuckled quietly to herself, and closed the door a little more but not all the way. It wasn't long before she heard the voices getting louder as the living room door swung open again. She stood at her open wardrobe and slipped off the dress with her back to the bedroom door.
Whoever went past it to the bathroom would have seen her pushing the dress down over the lush curves of her hips and over her round bottom, clad in purple satin knickers. She didn't turn round to see who it was, but turned to the side a little and bent over to pick up the dress and put it on a hanger, her soft heavy pink tipped breasts swinging as she moved.
As she closed the wardrobe door she heard quick, discreet footsteps walking away. The thrill of this game was already making her a little wet. She had no idea who had seen her almost naked. She pressed her thighs together and eyed her empty glass. Damn. She'd have to go back for more already.
Kaye slipped Jason's white tshirt on over her head. It covered her to mid thigh... just. Normally if the boys were round she'd put on some shorts too but not tonight. Feeling daring, she slid the purple knickers down her shapely legs and playfully carried her glass back to the kitchen.
As usual Jason was too busy playing his game to notice what she did, or what she was (or wasn't) wearing. She pretended to ignore the men as she pottered around braless with her hard nipples poking the fabric, but she could feel eyes boring into her, and she wondered if Daniel was watching.
She wasn't the tallest of girls at 5' 2" so she had to stand up on tiptoes to look in the upper cabinets for another carton of cranberry juice for her drink, and she was quite conscious that her bum might be on show as the tshirt rode up. If Jason turned round right now...
"Hey Jason" She heard Daniel say "Have you got any of that spiced rum left from last time?"
"Uh yeah, yep, I think so." Kaye scooted behind the kitchen island just as he turned and spotted her "Oh babe, can you get Dan the Morgan's?"
"Sure" Kaye met Dan's hooded gaze, she knew exactly what he was doing, because he knew exactly where they kept their booze. He looked amused. Jason was furiously pressing buttons on the controller as he manipulated a giant ball on screen.
Kaye walked to the cupboard under the counter and biting her lip, bent from the waist as she looked for the rum. Daniel could see the lower half of her ass and the shy plump lips of her pussy framed underneath. He grew instantly hard. Kaye felt so exhilarated showing off like this for the first time, she felt sure that if he looked closely he could see how wet she was.
She deliberately avoided his gaze as she fixed him a drink and took it to him, not letting him decide whether her flash was intentional or not. As she wandered slowly back down the corridor with the bottle of vodka swinging her hips, she knew someone was watching.
She took a long swig from the bottle and lay back down on her front on the bed, allowing her fingers to sneak down underneath her, brushing through the soft fuzz between her legs to touch the velvet softness of her pussy, slick and eager for her touch. Her clit was hard and she let out an involuntary gasp, the first touch felt amazing.
Just then she heard movement, and her boyfriend call "Right then, lager run, who's coming?" She heard them putting on their coat and keys jangling and then the door suddenly opened. Jason stood in the doorway "Do you want anything?"
Kate's fingers froze in place on her clit. "More cranberry juice? We're all out." If he noticed her slightly strange position on the bed, he didn't mention it.
The flat door shut but she could still hear the game's background music. Someone was still here. She knew it was Daniel, and from the way he'd been staring she knew it wouldn't be long until he wandered this way.
She carried on circling her clit, and opened an erotic story on her phone. As as she read she got even bolder. Getting up on her knees and rubbing her fingers over her open wet pussy, rubbing around the hard nub of her clit in circles and dipping into her wet hole. Soon she was so lost in the story and rubbing her pussy she forgot to be quiet and was gasping and moaning softly.
Gradually she became aware of someone behind her. She knew he was there watching her slide her glistening fingers over her wet pink pussy and the thought was driving her wild. She couldn't stop now, not for anything.
Arching her back, she spread her lips with her fingers, showing him everything, feeling her orgasm start to build.
Just then she felt a soft kiss on her ass, close to where her hand moved. She gasped in shock and pulled her hand away. She knew he was watching but somehow she wasn't expecting him to touch! In a fit of sudden indecision she was just about to climb off the bed when strong hands lifted her pelvis and pulled her to the edge.
Kaye gave a surprised squeak which turned into a moan as a hot mouth enveloped her hard clit. He licked the soft smoothness of her lips up and down in long flat licks, before returning to the little bud demanding his attention, sucking and licking insistently, expertly pushing her over the edge as his wet fingertips stroked her entrance and upward towards her ass like a second tongue.
"Oh god, oh god... oh my god, I'm going to come..." she moaned helplessly through his relentless licking. Just as she was about to lose control he stopped and stood up behind her. With one hand in her hair keeping her head down and ass up, he fumbled with his fly and released his hard cock which burned against her cool flesh a moment before he nestled it against her and buried it in her hot cunt.
He drew back a couple of times then set about a punishing rhythm. Her orgasm finally overtook her and as her pussy contracted and fluttered around his bone hard cock he held her still and just felt it, covering her open mouth with his hand to silence her ragged moans. He pressed his damp fingers into her open mouth and she sucked at them, tasting herself on him and feeling the hard ridge of a ring against her lips.
Just then there was a flash of headlights turning through the bedroom curtains as a car parked up. The man behind her suddenly pulled out and left her melted to a puddle on the bed. By the time she'd pulled her sweaty hair off her face to see Daniel he'd gone.
She went quickly to the wardrobe mirror and looked at herself, her eyes were dark with her secret and maybe a tinge of guilt, face pink with the afterglow of a well fucked woman.
She quickly swiped at her smudged mascara and ran her fingers through her dishevelled hair. Her inner thighs felt slick and her hands smelt deliciously of her musky scent. She had just closed the bathroom door when she heard the guys get back.
After a quick shower she emerged in a towelling bathrobe and warily entered the kitchen. Jason was in fine spirits as he unpacked the beer and selected another game. She dared to steal a glance at Daniel, expecting to see him as quietly flustered as she was, but he didn't seem to acknowledge her at all.
Then just as she was about to go back to her bedroom he turned and spoke "Oh, by the way Kaye, we did look but we couldn't find any cranberry juice so we brought you orange juice instead, is that ok?"
Shock flooded her face and she blushed and tried to cover it with a cough. "No problem" she managed.
She eyed the other guys. She'd known Gary for years, he was Jason's most loyal friend but more than that he was chronically single and not the most sophisticated of men, she doubted he could be the one who had brought her to the best orgasm she'd had all year.
Then she remembered the ring! Both Gary and Daniel's hands were bare, so obviously that left Jon the IT guy. Jon? Sweet, shy Jon was quiet and often blushed. Surely not...
Yet as she made eye contact with him she saw it. The heat, the knowledge of her in his intelligent grey eyes. He brought his fingers to his nose and discreetly inhaled, and Kaye felt arousal throb inside her again. Oh, fuck. Was no-one else seeing this?
She saw him take out his phone and appeared to be ignoring her now. She turned her back, her face was still burning. She heard her phone's message tone and went to the bedroom to check it.
"I think I'm going to finish in your mouth." The text message read.
"Don't text me!" She quickly typed back, switching onto silent mode.
Immediately her phone lit up again in the darkness.
"I'm so hard still."
"I can't stop thinking about tasting your pussy again."
"You looked so fucking hot I almost came just watching you playing with yourself."
Kaye's breath was coming in tiny pants in the darkness. Her pussy was wet again and she felt so aroused she was reckless.
"Oh fuck. Come here"
As soon as she'd sent it she knew she'd fucked up. Surely this was where they got caught.
Seconds later she heard soft footsteps coming down the corridor. As he got to the door she pulled him inside and pulling the dressing gown belt open she pressed her naked body against him. His lips met hers in a passionate kiss, his tongue curling into her mouth as his cold hands ran over her hot velvety breasts, pinching both her hard nipples gently.
His hands ran down over her ass and pulled her against his erection.
"We've got to be quick, let me suck it" she whispered, getting on her knees. He quickly got his zipper down and grabbed his stiff cock in his hand, holding it out for her in the darkness. Eyes closed, she was all sensation as she let her soft lush lips lead the way.
She pulled back his foreskin and swirled her tongue all around his tip getting him wet. Holding his thick cock at the base she slid her wet lips down his hot hard shaft and sucked enthusiastically, getting a bit further down with each down stroke until her nose was touching his body, and licking underneath the head on the upstroke, pulling on him with her mouth, giving him the best blowjob she could. She felt him get even harder, his hips jerking as he fucked into her mouth desperately.
She reached up to stroke his balls with her free hand and suddenly he was coming silently in powerful jerks in her mouth. She sucked between each jerk, milking his cock until he was trembling and spent. He leaned back against the wall as he rearranged his clothes and tried to get his breathing back under control as quietly as he could.
Kaye jumped as her phone lit up the dark room again from the bed. Her hand flew to her swollen lips and her stomach flipped as she read the text.
"I'll be there as soon as Dan gets back from the bathroom," Jon said.