"I wonder how many of my neighbors saw me fuck this pretty little girl-cunt?"
A half-smile lifted his perfectly sculpted lips. I tried to work up some sense of shame, but I was lost in his world, the thrill of knowing that other people had seen me in such a wanton state took me out of reality.
"Time to get upstairs, little wet pussy. You can shower. I will pour some wine. Then we fuck again," He sucked my nipple.
"And again," He flicked his finger across my clit.
"And again." Stepping back and buttoning his jeans, his gaze swept over my wet thighs, my exposed tits, and settled on my mouth, wet and kiss-bruised.
"Yeah, little Annika, we definitely have a lot of fucking to do. And lots of places to do it."
The elevator doors opened again, and a group of couples heading out for the night stepped out. The two young men, looking to be in their early twenties looked me over, gaping at my titties, and my ass showing from the hiked-up back of my skirt. Cord smiled a devil's smile, took my hand and pulled me into the elevator. As he leaned against the wall, my back to his front, he wrapped his arms around my middle, pinching a nipple in each hand. Looking over my shoulder at the stunned group, he kissed my neck and looked up. The last thing the horny group of partiers saw as the doors closed was his hand sliding down between my thighs. Once alone in the elevator, I shuddered at the feel of his fingers against my soaked pussy.
"Cord, I c-can't stand up anymore....please....." My knees shook and I clutched his forearm, unsure whether I wanted him to hold me tighter or let me breathe.
"Nikki baby, you are such a hot little thing....Jesus, like a river of honey running over my fingers." He turned me around and picked me up, cupping my ass in his hands. I wrapped my legs around his waist like I had known him forever, automatically rubbing my hungry clit against his waist. He chuckled low in his throat, patted my ass lightly, and walked out of the elevator and down a warmly lit hallway. His stride was as efficient as everything else he did....brisk and strong, somehow lazy at the same time. I ran my lips down his throat as he unlocked a deep oak door, and he groaned and pressed my weeping cunt down on his cock, somehow even harder and longer than before, throbbing and hot. He set me down as the door shut, turned me around to lead me into a beautiful living area, decorated in rich leathers and warm fabrics.
"You are mine. I want you naked. Now." He slid his palms into the waistband of my skirt, sliding it down as he went down on his knees. Kneeling behind me, he kissed and nipped at my ass.
"God, look at this ass, baby-doll. Fuck, you are beautiful." He pulled the strap of my thong tight against my ass, running it back and forth in my crack, making my knees buckle.
"Easy, little pussy, I'm right behind you." He slid up behind me, letting me feel him against my bare ass as he rose. Taking my earlobe in his mouth, he began to nibble and suck as he undid the tie of my halter top, lowering it in an effortless sweep. I stood in my thong and my heels, Cord pressing firmly against me from behind, his perfect dick nestled in my ass cheeks, throbbing against me and making me even wetter and hotter.
"I have plans for you, little honey-cunt. Go down the hall, there is a bathroom on the right with everything you need for a shower. Take your time, Annika, because when you come back, I am going to wear your sweet little pussy out." He pinched my pouting clit and gave my ass a stinging slap, then nudged me down the hall.
I found the bathroom and it was warm and comfortable. I showered, washing my tender and swollen pussy thoroughly, trembling at the thought of Cord in the other room, ready to fuck me with his long, hard cock, whispering hot words to me with his raspy, sexy voice. I left the bathroom 15 minutes later, soft and smelling like soap, but already dripping pussy juice. I left my panties and heels in the bathroom, knowing somehow that Cord would want me naked.
I found him in the kitchen, pouring some wine. He was barefoot and had un-tucked his shirt. His hair looked as if he had run his hand through it a dozen times. My nipples hardened at the picture he made.
"The shower was nice," I said, smiling at him. I felt somehow shy, even though his fingers and cock had already made me come countless times in less than 3 hours, the same amount of time that I had known him. He turned and looked me over, his eyes growing hot as he saw my bare pussy and tight, high nipples. He reached out and pulled me against him, running his open palms down my back and over my ass. His fingers delved into my pussy from behind, finding me slippery and swollen with need.
"Your hot little cunt has been wet since I met you, Nikki. I wonder if you ever stop making this sweet girl-juice?" He brought a hand around to my mouth and painted my open mouth with my pussy cream. The glittering green desire in his eyes brought even more liquid running between my drenched cunnie-lips and I ran my tongue across my bottom lip to taste what he had rubbed there.
"Jesus. You're going to kill me. Come, Annika. I have some friends I want you to meet."
I hesitated, locking my knees. Had Cord invited people over?! I hadn't heard voices, but he definitely had no problem with others being around while he fucked me, that much was certain. Cord felt the pull of my hand and turned, raising an eyebrow.
"Surely you know that I wouldn't hurt you, Nikki. I promise I will have you begging for more within the hour. If you don't like what I have for you, just say the word 'home', and it all stops." He lifted my chin and ran his tongue over my lips lightly.
Stepping back, he looked me over, grazed a hard nipple with the back of his fingers, and smirked.
"Come be my little fuck-doll, Annika. You know you were made for this."
I couldn't argue with that, since my clit was peeking at him through wet pussy lips as we stood there. I took his hand and let him lead me into the bedroom. The room, it turns out, was empty. But at the foot of the bed was a desk with a laptop, next to the computer sat a camera and microphone, aimed directly at the bed. I immediately put the image together in my mind of Cord and myself on the bed, playing to the thousands of voyeurs who tuned in to watch us fuck. I sucked in my breath and gripped his hand tighter in response to the gush of cream that warmed my cunt.
I heard Cord laugh softly and felt him pinch my ass. "C'mon, little sexy pussy. Let's start the show."
He reached for the hem of his shirt and tugged it over his head, leaving him bare from the waist up. My breath caught at the sight of him, hair rumpled, green eyes hot and glittering with lust, his lips kicked up in a sexy smile. His chest was as powerful as it had felt, with just enough hair to make him look sexy as hell. A trail of soft downy hair led from his chest down into the waistband of his jeans, where a sizeable bulge formed and demanded attention. I fixed my eyes on the length of hot cock ready to burst out of faded jeans and went to my knees automatically. Cord sucked in his breath and his hands went to his fly, pulling the buttons free with one swift tug. As soon as I saw his hard long cock high against his stomach, I slid my lips over the plum and started sucking like I needed it to live.
"Jesus. Christ. Nikki. Yessss." Cord wrapped his fingers in my hair and guided me over his cock, fucking my open mouth with barely leashed lust.
"That's my baby-girl, Nikki. Such a good little mouth-fuck." He held me steady, sliding the head of his impossibly long shaft deep, pressing against the back of my throat as I relaxed and took him past my gag reflex and swallowed.
Cord growled low in his throat and released me, stepping back to look down, breathing like he had just run a marathon. I looked up at him and smiled, bringing my hand between my legs to press against my soaked pussy to relieve some of the ache that was building.
"Good-God, Annika, look at you. So fucking hot you are going to burn me alive. Get on the bed, baby." I climbed on the bed, swinging my bare ass and looking back at Cord as he logged on to the computer.
"We can chat via mic and cam, choosing who we want to talk with. Others can just watch. If I chose to open chat with someone it is someone I have talked to before and I trust them. You will do anything they ask, understood?" I nodded, breathing heavily at the idea of being not only at the command of Cord, but possibly of many others, as well. Partly scared and nervous, I was without a doubt more turned on than ever. I stroked my clit lightly as Cord removed his jeans and joined me on the bed. He positioned himself behind me with his legs apart, and pulled me in between his thighs facing the camera, my back to his front.
Draping my thighs over his, he scooped my hair back and began kissing my neck. "This is Nikki, everyone. She found me tonight and is here to do whatever I want. Maybe whatever you want." Grinning, Cord ran his hands down my arms and around to my tits. He began playing with my hard little nipples, making then longer and redder as he pulled and plumped. I began grinding my pussy against the open air, trying to find relief from the swelling ache that built there. Cream flowed from my puffy slit down into my ass crack, making my bare pussy look shiny and slick on the computer monitor. I looked at us and saw how sexy we were, my legs spread over Cord's, his brown arms wrapping around me and his big hands playing with my titties as he licked my neck.
I moaned and he chuckled lightly. "Nikki is fucking horny, so I am going to go ahead and let her come for you so she can relax and settle in...what do you all think?" Cord slid his hand down and let his fingers play over my dripping pussy lips, pinching and pulling the begging lips with just enough pressure to have me squirming.
"Her hot little cunt is as soft and warm as it looks. Sweet and slick, Jesus, it creams with honey for me non-stop. And when I slide my dick home..." He fucked two long fingers into my sopping channel, making me cry out.
"...She squeezes me like a little glove." He started fucking me with his fingers, creating a slow, tortured rhythm that kept me panting and creaming, grinding on his hand in a mindless trance. When he added his other hand to barely flicker over my pulsing clit, I screamed and started to come. Cord relentlessly kept on playing my pussy, drawing out my orgasm until I was shuddering, my legs shaking and tits quivering.
When I slowly came back to reality, I was sucking the fingers of one hand and pinching my hard little nipple with the other. My eyes were glazed and my hair was sticking to my face with a sheen of sweat. Cord was gently pulling the lips of my pussy apart to show the creamy results of his work to our fans. My pussy had gushed a new rush of girl-juice, and my thighs and his hands were shining with wetness. Cord kept sliding fingers in and out of my slick hole, scooping out my cum and rubbing it all over my puffy little lips and clit. I started to grind against his hand again and he gave my pussy a sharp slap.
"Not yet, baby-girl, let's get some friends in here with us and see what they want me to do with you." Cord got up and with a couple of clicks of the mouse, we had some windows open with faces smiling back at us.
One window held a man about the same age as Cord, fairly good looking although not as built. He was long and lean, with warm eyes and sun-streaked blonde hair. It hung long over his shoulders, and he was sitting on a bed in a pair of boxers. He looked like he had just stepped off the beach.
The second window revealed two young men, seemingly in their early twenties. They wore jeans and t-shirts and sat on a futon, each with a beer in hand as if it were a permanent body part. They each made the "rock-on" symbol with their hands, making us both laugh.
The last window showed a couple, laying on a bed like we were. He was older, in fair shape for his age which was probably early fifties, and she seemed to be in her late twenties. She had on panties and knee socks, her hair in braids. Probably playing out some school-girl fantasy, I decided, and got warm at the idea.
After a few adjustments, Cord re-joined me on the bed, kneeled in front of me and stroked his cock, offering it to me. I went up on all fours and let him feed me his long dick one inch at a time, so that our audience could see him slide into my mouth from the side. I heard a groan from the computer, followed by the voice of surfer-dude.
"Fuck yeah. That's nniiiccce."
I released Cord's cock to look over while I licked the shaft. Surfer had his boxers pulled down and his sizeable dick in hand. He looked into the camera and winked. My pussy fluttered at the sexiness of the act of sucking one man while another watched, encouraging me for his own need to cum.
I looked over at the dorm-boys, and they were stroking themselves through their jeans, probably a little more inhibited since they were not alone. But the heat in their young eyes fed my need to show off. I stroked Cord slowly, squeezing him at the tip and licking off the drop of pre-cum that appeared. Opening my mouth, I slapped the head of his cock against my tongue and lips. Then I slid him all the way home, deep into my throat, swallowing the head.
"Fuck!" Cord gripped my head and I could feel him trying to hold himself in check so he didn't go too deep. Sliding my head back, I looked up at cord and kissed the tip of his cock and smiled.
"Witch. You're mouth is fucking heaven," He rasped.
I looked over at the screen and the college boys had their cocks out of their jeans, stroking in earnest, mouths open and eyes glittering with lust. I felt a gush of cream and ground my hips in response.
Surfer-dude was boxer-free and sitting back on the bed, stroking his cock lightly, alternately tugging on his balls. He kept running his other hand over his chest, which I found to be so sexy.
Cord sat back facing the cameras and draped me across his lap, once again my back to his front. This time he lined my pussy up with his cock and spoke to the camera.
"Who wants to see me fuck this perfect little girl-cunt?" I got a perfect view of our 'friends', and heard each response.
Dorm-buddies called out first with, "Fuck yeah, man. Give it to her!"
Surfer groaned and stroked harder. "Do it, man. I want to see her come like that. She is way hot."
The couple was settled on the bed with the woman sitting sideways on the man's lap, his hand between her legs inside her panties. "Lillian here would like to see what sex looks like. Her pussy is getting nice and wet and ready for me, so I can fuck her later." Yep, definitely a school-girl fantasy going on there.
I felt Cord's dick-head at my pussy, sliding back and forth, hitting my clit with each stroke. I raised up and slid down onto his cock, moaning as he hit the back of my cunt. He reached around and started playing with my pussy lips as he began to fuck me, grinding in and out with long strokes. My pussy started gushing cream as I watched us on the screen, fucking in this position where every detail was visible. Cord's cock looked impossibly huge as it squeezed into my swollen pussy, the head appearing and disappearing with each stroke.
As I sat and rode Cord's dick, I could see the reaction of each of our private viewers.
The Dorm-buddies had put down their beers and had their pants down around their ankles. One had a long cock with a perfect plum-shaped head. The other was more stout, and his cock was shorter, but Thicker and powerful looking. They both pumped their rods with the energy of the young, uttering curses now and then, like "Fuck yeah," and "Fuckin hot." Once in a while one of them would have to stop stroking and take deep breaths, holding his cum, making me giggle lightly. I loved the idea that they were ready to shoot their load watching my pussy get fucked with a huge cock.
I was jerked back to the present when I heard the 'daddy' from the school-girl fantasy couple speaking. "Play with your clit Nikki. Show Lillian how to play with her cunnie." My gaze went to their screen and I saw that Lillian had her panties around her ankles and he lover was holding her knees apart. She was biting her lip and had her hand resting just above her trimmed mound.
I heard Cord whisper hungrily in my ear, "You heard James, Annika. Play with that pretty little clit for us." I moaned at his sexy voice, creaming all over his slowly pumping cock. Reaching down with my hand, I began to play with my needy clit, rubbing in circles and pinching gently. I began to pant and grind on Cord's dick, hard and so fucking thick it almost hurt.
Surfer barked his order next. "Spank your clit Nikki! Slap it until you come for me. I need to see you come baby. So nnniiiccce." His voice was shaky and I watched as he came up on two knees and faced the camera, stroking in earnest now, his long cock purple and veined, looking tortured with the need to cum.
I gushed and squirted a new batch of cream and started to slap my clit, hearing Cord groan deep in his throat from behind me. His pace picked up and he started to piston in and out of my sopping cunt, lifting me off the mattress with his strong thighs.
I heard one of the dorm-boys shout and looked over to see him shooting cum all over his stomach and t-shirt, his friend watching avidly from the side. Then his friend looked at the screen, saw me getting fucked hard and working my cunt, alternately spanking my clit and rubbing my pussy lips around Cords massive cock, and he came with a long groan. His Spunk shot with a strong force, hitting his chin and neck as he reared his head back on the couch. Both young men sat sprawled over the couch, pants down and cocks laying limply in their hands, covered in cum.
I looked over at the couple and saw that James had his cock out and was stroking it over Lillian's face while he fucked her with two fingers, pulling them out once in a while to rub girl-juice all over her tits. James looked into his camera, his eyes seeming to look right into mine and smiled. "If you were here, Nikki, I would have you lick Lillian's tight little slit. She tastes like sugar and spice. I could fuck that hot little cunt of yours while you make her cum. Let me show you what she looks like when she comes, honey." James leaned over and began licking Lillian's clittie with quick flicks of his tongue while he continued a slow deep fuck with his fingers into her pussy. With his other hand he toyed lightly with her nipple. Within a few short minutes, Lillian was writhing and shaking on the bed, a keening cry wrenching from her pouty lips.
Watching the sexy scene was enough to set me off. I came with a gush of cream that ran down Cord's pumping dick, quivering and calling out Cord's name over and over. Cord lifted me off his cock with a groan, pushed me forward and went to his knees to shoot his cum all over my grinding ass.
He began rubbing his cream into my ass-cheeks and I heard surfer-dude grunt, "fuck yessss!" Raising my head off the bed, I could see him pumping his cock until sperm shot toward the camera, a seemingly endless stream of cum. He collapsed on all fours and whispered, "Damn."
I fell to my side and rested against Cord's strong chest and let him stroke my tits and pussy lightly as he whispered in his hot voice, "Hot little Nikki, my pretty little pussy-girl. You burn me up with this perfect little cunt, baby."
After a moment, he covered me with a light blanket and I heard him say goodbye to our friends, click the mouse and power down the computer. The mattress moved as he lay behind me, scooped my hair off my face and molded his big hand around my tittie. He squeezed lightly, and kissed my neck. "Rest, baby-girl. I will get our wine. Don't sleep, though, because I plan to come back and get back into this wet, tight, hot little cunt. He slid his finger into my still-quivering channel and began a slow-fuck that made me moan in spite of the fact that I had just had my brains fucked out a few minutes before. I opened my thighs to make room for his big hand and Cord moaned.
"God. Incredible. I am ready to fuck you again." He nudged my hip with his hardening cock and turned my face toward him for a deep kiss. Pulling his finger from my slit, he slipped it between my lips and gave me one of his burning gazes.
"Suck." His whiskey-smoke voice came back to me, a few hours earlier in that bar, his first word to me ringing in my ears.
"Suck." He repeated, a little more firmly when I didn't respond. I started to suck, knowing I would always do what he asked. He climbed between my legs and slid his long, perfect dick into my weeping pussy while I continued to suck his cum-coated finger.
"Perfect. Hot, tight juicy pussy. Baby-girl, I am so fucking glad I found you."