This story includes characters from Pugzilla's Wandaverse. Pugzilla has given me permission to use his characters in my stories. If you enjoy this story, make sure to check out the source material. All characters are over the age of 18.
Wanda's Plane Ride to Fiji
Wanda leaned against the plane's window and watched as the ground pulled away from her. She didn't think that she would be fortunate enough to spend some quality time with her husband out on the open ocean after his busy work schedule. Recently he had been tasked with finding the location of an offshore safehouse, frequently used as an in between with criminals who were fleeing from their court summons. Julie ended up being successful in his hunt, and as a result he was in Fiji with a nice big bonus for his great work.
Wanda got on the plane as soon as she heard the news, and was now enjoying the sight of the passing South Pacific from the sky. She leaned back in her seat, bumping the armrest she shared with a larger man who was busy reading. The man's elbow slid off the armrest and right into the side of Wanda's boob. He noticed this new development and set the magazine down on his lap, leaving his elbow pushing into her.
Despite the intrusion into her personal bubble, Wanda didn't mind the contact this stranger had stumbled into. She was in too good a mood to let this little mishap ruin her emotional high. Wanda rationalized her breast being prodded by recalling all of the times the same breast had been revealed to many ongoers and spectators alike. At least this wasn't intentional, and so she would let it slide for the time being.
The man craned his neck as much as he could to get a better look at the golden territory his arm had intruded upon. He saw Wanda's ample chocolate cleavage pushing through the window in her forest green sweater. Her outfit was a bit fancier than she normally wore. Wanda decided on a nice black pencil skirt, and a pair of black stone earrings to complete the look. She had chose not to wear one of her normal bras for risk of being frisked if her underwire set off any beepers. The man was glad that he had covered his lap as he felt himself grow solid watching Wanda's nipples protrude from the previously flush front of her sweater.
Wanda realized the mistake of her erotic daydreaming as she felt her nipples harden. She knew her audience was enjoying the sight as she saw the magazine shift in the mans lap, and she bit her lip slightly at the thought of arousing a stranger while on the way to meet up with her husband.
A flight attendant brought Wanda and the man both back to reality when she offered menus to the both of them. Wanda had forgotten just how big Julie's bonus was, and was very appreciative when she realized that he had chosen to spoil her with dine-in flying. The man sitting next to her didn't seem to be as positive, as he recoiled when seeing the prices of all the luxury cuisine. Wanda decided to take advantage of this rare occasion by ordering a lobster burger with extra garlic butter, a meal fit for a queen.
Her breast rubbed against the man's elbow as she leaned to return the menu, and she shivered as her headlights perked up from the stimulation. She again noticed the magazine shift on the man's lap, and decided that a little teasing wouldn't hurt anyone. The food would be out in a little bit anyways, so what's the harm? Wanda very carefully lifted her chest out from the man's elbow, before dragging it back down the back of his elbow slowly. Even her titties were wanting in on the action, as the bottom of the window in her sweater dragged slightly on the mans elbow. This exposed a bit more cleavage, not going unnoticed by the lucky stranger.
Wanda basically wrapped her cleavage around the back of this mans elbow as she watched the magazine covering the man's crotch like a hawk. Normally she felt helpless when the men around her became aroused, but this time she was in control. There wasn't a huge crowd of people, so there wasn't the same level of concern and worry over public exposure. She was just teasing this one guy, and she got to watch him squirm in his seat as she brushed her chest on his arm. He didn't seem like a creep, and she knew that he wouldn't be one to complain with such large breasts pressed into his elbow.
"Here is your burger ma'am, do you need anything else at this time?" Wanda was pulled out of her daydreaming as the flight attendant set the plate on the half table in front of her.
"Ummm... I think I'm good for now, thank you." Wanda shifted her torso out from behind the man's arm and began focusing on the delicious meal in front of her.
While enjoying the buttery lobster burger, one of Wanda's earrings loosened and fell from her earlobe. It took the path of least resistance downwards, straight into the opening in the front of Wanda's sweater. The man hadn't taken his eyes off of Wanda, and witnessed in awe as the earring sank between her boobs. Wanda felt the earring press into her chest, and when she turned her head to look it shifted further down. The small piece of metal scrapped between her large boobs, and Wanda knew she had to get it out before it became more uncomfortable. As she set down her burger and moved her hands to retrieve the intrusive accessory, she realized that her hands were covered in the garlic butter that saturated her meal. Her clothes were brand new, and much fancier than what she was willing to soil with dirty hands. While normally she would never put herself in a vulnerable position, Wanda wanted to see what would happen if she were to tease this man a little more.
"Excuse me sir, I seem to have dropped an earring, and my hands are completely covered in butter. Would you mind quickly grabbing it for me?" Wanda pushed out her chest toward the man and tilted her head up.
The man was too stunned to speak. Here was this goddess who he had prodded with his elbow, now encouraging him to feel her up to retrieve a simple piece of jewelry. He brought his hand to her chest and slowly pushed his fingers in between her warm chocolate boobs. His throbbing erection turned the magazine in his lap into a pop-up book.
Wanda knew that this was crossing a line, but all she felt was a tingling sensation in her nipples when his skin came into contact with hers. She realized that she didn't want him to find the earrings so soon, and she was relishing the feeling of another man's hand in her bust. The mans rough fingers wiggled their way into her cleavage, pushing through her large breasts. After pushing his fingers in almost to his knuckles, he stopped and him and Wanda made eye contact. Wanda knew the look he was giving her was one of uncertainty.
"Do you not feel it? I can feel it in there moving around. Can you see it?" Wanda wiggled her chest slightly with the man's hand still embedded in her chocolate mounds.
The man felt his penis throb in response to the pleasure that his hand was receiving. It felt like his hand was melting between to heaving marshmallows. He knew that this kind of torment couldn't keep up for fear of creating a mess in his briefs right next to this beautiful woman. He pressed his hand further between her boobs until he could actually begin to feel the underside of her breast with the ends of his fingers. As he made this revolution, he slightly clasped his hand around Wanda's warm tit. There was no way he could stop himself from squeezing slightly and Wanda's breath hitched in response.
The cabin of the plane shook suddenly, and the seatbelt icon flashed red above both of their heads. Neither of them expected such a sudden change in environment as they felt the plane drop suddenly before stabilizing just as quickly. This change in positioning threw the passengers around, and while most everyone else was safely secured to their seats, Wanda and this man were only attached by a hand lodged between her chocolate cleavage.
The man watched in slow motion as his wrist caught on the window in Wanda's sweater. The soft cotton material pulled down her chest, until the hem passed by her hardened black nipples. Her heavy breasts dropped out of the sweater, all while the man held onto the inside of her cleavage. He couldn't believe his eyes as he was shown the most perfect set of tits he had ever seen in his entire life. His cock was hanging from the edge of a cliff, needing only the slightest gust of wind to send him over the edge.
Wanda felt the cold air suddenly attack her nipples as she was thrown around by the turbulence. In a panic, she threw her arms out and gripped her surroundings to try and stop herself from tumbling over. Her hands landed on the plane's window ledge, and the other under the magazine of the man sitting next to her. She looked down in surprise and realized that her green sweater no longer contained her tits, then turned towards the man who's hand was squeezing them. His face looked contorted, and Wanda wondered why before she felt what she had grabbed swell and begin throbbing uncontrollably.
The man felt the tension in his manhood release as Wanda squeezed his cock. He gripped her warm breast, and felt its weight in his hand as he finished in his pants. Never again would he feel such beautiful ecstasy. Wanda knew that she had pushed him past his breaking point, but she couldn't help but feel a little pride in getting this stranger off unintentionally.
"Excuse me sir? Could you please cover me up a bit? I'm kind of poking out right now." Wanda lifted her hand from his crotch, and shifted her torso slightly away from the aisle. The man extracted his hand from her bust, and quickly returned the hem of her sweater back to it's original position.
Having her breasts now guarded, and the plane no longer at risk of causing another malfunction, Wanda called over the flight attendant to get some napkins. The flight attendant quickly returned with them, and handed them to Wanda. He noticed how hard her nipples were protruding as she cleaned off her hands, as well as the concerningly large buttery stain on the man's pants sitting adjacent to her.
Wanda finished cleaning all of the butter off of her hands and the window, and gave a quick apology to the stranger who had she allowed to grope and expose her. Next time she would have to be a bit more careful if she was going to go teasing strangers. As she saw the airport come up on the horizon, Wanda rested her hands on her lap.
"Well there you are... you sure got me in trouble." Wanda held the missing black stone earring between her fingers for a moment, before returning it back to her ear.