We flew home from Jamaica the next morning after Joan had fucked James with my enthusiastic approval. We were both excited by what we had done and knew we wanted more. That night remembering fueled our sex talk we both came explosively.
Over the next few weeks when we were horny we'd talk about how we could make it happen again. I had a business trip scheduled the following week. It was to New Orleans. Joan said she'd like to come with me.
The flight was late Wednesday. The plan was for me to work Thursday and Friday and we would have the rest of the time to play.
Joan spent Thursday in New Orleans shopping, eating some great Cajun food and scouting for sex opportunities. We were alone at dinner that night and she told me about her day. She said she had heard a lot about Mardi Gras and the wild things that happened there. While she was talking her face got all red and flushed. I asked her if it gave her any ideas.
She said, "The idea of flashing my tits at a lot of strange men gets me hot and wet."
That night we had wild sex at the hotel. I was whispering about her flashing her tits and meeting some guy and fucking him while I watched. Joan responded by moaning and talking dirty.
"Look at my tits. Look at my cunt. Ohhhh look at meeee."
We both came explosively. We hugged, smiled at each other and drifted off to sleep.
On Friday I worked hard all day. A few times I daydreamed about Joan's sexual explorations.
At dinner I asked how did her scouting go.
Joan said, "I found a club where it is Mardi Gras all year. Women flash their tits and compete to win beads."
She said, "You have to pay a $100 membership fee."
I said, "Sounds like a bargain to me."
Joan did a little happy clapping.
We went there that night. It was a very nice old French Quarter mansion. The interior was luxurious. Beautiful polished hardwood floors, glittering chandeliers, several Romeo Balconies and multiple bars. The place was crowded and there was some New Orleans jazz playing. The women were all scantily clad.
Joan was wearing a crop top with the sleeves cut off and a very short billowy skirt. She wore no underwear. As usual she was excited about what was planned. We got drinks and mingled. Joan was very flirtatious with all the men.
The band switched to dance music. We held each other tight and I could feel her excitement building.
A man who introduced himself as Jack tapped me on the shoulder to dance with Joan. She leaned into to him and pressed her breasts into his chest. He ran his hands along her side and brushed the back of his hands on her tits.
He said, "They feel very nice."
Joan blushed and said, "They are."
They danced to another slow song. Joan put her arms around his neck and ground her pantyless cunt onto him. I knew she could feel his growing erection. She humped it and he groaned. She danced one more slow song with Jack and Joan rubbed his cock with her knee. After the dance we went for a drink and she told me about Jack's erection and her naughty conduct. I kissed and hugged her and could feel her arousal growing.
Around midnight the room started buzzing. A bartender announced the beginning of tonight's beads contest. The ladies should line up underneath the romeo balconies. There was a man at each balcony with a lot of beads and they all shouted "Show us your tits."
There was a scramble of all the women to stand in front of the balconies. There must have been thirty women jostling for position. Joan pushed her way to the front of a large balcony. She immediately pulled up her T shirt and flashed her tits. She looked around and saw there was a lot of competition for the beads.
Joan upped the game. She pulled her T shirt completely off. Her nipples were taut and her tits flushed with excitement. She pinched her nipples making them more prominent. She was immediately rewarded with several strands of beads.
The men in room were yelling and clapping, "Take it off." A few of the other women looked at Joan and followed suit taking their T shirts off. Game on.
It was a wet dream for the men with a crowd of women flashing and shaking their naked tits. The men were all enjoying the scene and the men on the balconies kept encouraging outrageous behavior from the crowd of very excited women.
Joan quickly realized that there was a lot of competition from all the other beautiful women. She got in front of the main balcony and when she had the attention of the men with beads she reached down and pulled her skirt over her head. There she stood naked and glowing. The crowd exploded with applause. Joan made her rounds of the men, giving several of them hot kisses. Joan won.
She came back to me glowing with excitement, bedecked with beads and with a hint of moisture at her cunt.
Jack came over and asked if he could have another dance with Joan. Joan danced naked with Jack, humping his leg until there was a visible damp spot on his slacks.
After the dance Joan whispered to me, "Can we take Jack back to the room with us?"
I smiled and said I'd ask him. Jack nodded yes his head with a big grin.
We Ubered back to the hotel with Joan draped in her blouse and nothing else. On the way Joan and Jack were excitedly making out. Hot tongue kissing and wet fingering.
We got to the room and Jack said, "Show me your tits."
Joan pulled off her blouse, tweaked her nipples, held her arms open and took him into a tight embrace. She moaned into his mouth while her ran his hands over her body. Joan looked at me, smiled and mouthed an I love you.
Jack said, "Let's go slowly. I want to enjoy every second I have with you."
He stepped back and skimmed his hands all over her face, neck, shoulders, and breasts, taking in her beautiful skin and perfect curves. Her whole body glowed with arousal.
Joan walked over to the bed and sat on the edge. She started fingering herself. She said both of you take off your clothes. She said stroke your cocks.
Jack's erection stood straight up and his cock's veins were red and pulsing. Joan's eyes were riveted on his cock.
The scene was so erotic blood rushed to my head and cock. I felt dizzy.
Joan said, "Isn't this what men want, watch me finger fuck. I bet you'd like to suck my wet fingers. Look at meeee."
She fell back on the bed sweating, flushed red, her cunt lips glowing with moisture.
She said, "I've been so horny all night. I loved pressing on your cock, Jack."
Jack walked over to the bed and pulled her into a tender embrace.
He said, "I've been horny since I met you."
His cock was bobbing wildly. He put his hands under her ass and pulled until she sat on the edge. He knelt and buried his face in her cunt and drank deeply of her juices. Joan started fondling her tits and pulling Jack's face hard against her. I could hear Jack's slurping and Joan's moans.
Joan started humping her cunt against his face and talking dirty, "Ahhh, suck my cunt, Ohhhh, Ahhhh look at meeeee."
Her eyes rolled back in her head and she trembled through an orgasm.
Jack stood and pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply. His face was soaked with her juices.
I sat in the chair in a sexual haze.
Joan pulled Jack to her and took his cock in her mouth. She twirled her tongue around the sensitive head. Jack moaned. Joan moaned with her mouth full of cock.
Jack stood back slightly and positioned Joan on her hands and knees.
He groaned and said, "I need to fuck you now."
He shuffled forward and rubbed his cock on her cunt lips getting it wet and ready to fuck, Jack slowly pushed his cock into Joan.
Joan whimpered, "Ahhh".
Jack groaned. I groaned. I saw his cock slick with his pre cum and Joan's hot juices. Once he was all the way in he stopped. All three of us were savoring the excitement and sexual moment we were sharing. I walked to the bed. I wanted to see every second of this fucking.
Joan started fingering her clit while Jack fucked her. Jack started speeding up. His cock plunged deep into her cunt. He gripped her by the hips and pulled her back as his cock thrust into her. He slapped Joan's ass leaving a red hand print on each cheek. Each slap made Joan groan louder.
I kept watching with an open mouth at Joan's lust and Jack lewd enjoyment.
The room smelled of sex and sweat from their passionate fucking. They were both lost in a paradise of sexual oblivion. There was nothing else in our moment but pure sensual joy. There was no other reality that Jack's cock in Joan. Jack started to plunge in a fever of lust. Joan's finger was plunging into her cunt and strumming on her clit. My cock was pulsing and dripping pre cum.
Jack froze and pulled Joan tightly to his cock. The veins in his cock started throbbing as he shot cum after cum deep into Joan.
Carol cried out, "Ahhhhhh, fuck, meeee, cumming, cumming."
My cock shot lightening bolts of cum that covered Joan' ass and dripped onto Jack's cock. The moment seemed to go on and on. No one wanted it to end.
Jack collapsed on Joan's back crushing her to the bed. I wrapped my arms around both of them while we all basked in the afterglow of sexual satisfaction. After a few minutes Jack's cock retreated from Joan's cunt. He stood up smiling and bent to give Joan a farewell kiss.
He dressed and left quietly. I lay down on the bed, pulled Joan into my arms and sighed.