Authors note: This story isn't one of my usual ones, either in length or by category. Just a little shorty for some fun. Enjoy!
***
It's hard to believe that it's January and the last weekend of bow hunting season. Usually this time of year I'm bundled up against frigid cold, shivering in one of my tree stands. Not today though. It was well into the forties by the time the sun started peeking through the bare trees. I'd already peeled off my heavy outer clothes and was sitting in just my base camo layer.
Now that the sun was up, I could see the new house they were building just to the north of my property. I was disappointed when they started, bulldozing a good portion of the fifty acres of woods that adjoined my two hundred. Actually I was more than disappointed. More like irritated. It sounds petty, but I'd been working on my property for years to get really good deer hunting spots, and this one, one of my favorites, overlooks the small pond I'd worked so hard to dig. Now, instead of being deep in a woods with a heavy thicket slightly to the north for them to bed in, it was almost on the edge of a small field. Then to add insult to injury, they built a huge two story house less than a hundred yards from the pond, and my stand. I had little doubt that this was going to be the last season for this stand location.
As hunting season progressed since late September I'd watched the house go up, and now, other than the landscape work, it looked done. Just half an hour ago the orange flush of the sun cast itself on the bottoms of the early morning clouds from below the horizon. In just minutes it gave way to long orange streaks and then the first tinges of the huge orange disk crawling up into the sky. It was probably one of my most favorite times of the day, sunrise. I'd watched the disk grow in size until it seemed stuck to the horizon, unable to detach itself and continue its crawl into the sky until finally it broke free and its orange gave way to bright yellow and then stark white as it crawled higher in the sky. Its disk was now clear of the tops of the leafless trees after spending almost half an hour winding its orangish rays through to me.
Hunting wasn't done just because the sun came up. It just changed now. I could see farther and deeper into the woods. I pulled out my binoculars and scanned the woods, the glasses allowing me to focus on the depths of the woods instead of the closer trees. I didn't see any deer, and for fun switched to looking for the unfortunately out of season turkey I could hear calking.
Unable to spot the elusive bird, I aimed my glasses at the house to check out the progress, wondering how soon the new occupants would be moving in.
The house was built with passive and active solar, almost the entire south face built of windows and sliding glass doors. I could see easily into two first floor bedrooms, a large bathroom and kitchen, all exposed to the huge back deck with nearly floor to ceiling glass. I briefly wondered if the owners planned on curtaining the windows or if they felt they were protected facing nothing but woods. I hadn't expected an answer but found one anyway, in the form of a tall thin blonde woman standing at one of the bedroom windows, staring at the sunrise.
Her body was obviously curvaceous, even in the thin green thigh length robe. The lime green material was see-through enough even at this distance to make out the twin dark circles against her lighter breast skin as she stood with her arms crossed under what had to be D or larger breasts, occasionally lifting a cup of coffee to her lips. Her legs were long and sculpted, clearly muscular, but not overly so. Her blonde hair hung down over one shoulder and part way down her left breast as she stood surveying the sunrise. She was distinctly good looking in anyone's estimation, even at a hundred yards away with fifty power glasses.
I was so busy checking out her that I didn't even see the other woman at first, crawling from the big bed behind the green clad beauty. She pushed herself out of the bed and stepped from behind the green clad beauty. Stunning! That was the best word to describe the second woman. Clad in only a small pair of white lace panties, she stepped to the window next to the first woman. Her brunette head was maybe two or three inches taller than the blonde, her breasts slightly larger, though sagging down farther under their own weight, each taking the shape reminiscent of a large water droplet. Her brown hair was cropped moderately short, barely reaching half way down the back of her neck. Her nipples were already hard as they protruded from large, round, puffed out areolas. Her body was slim and toned and I had little difficulty imagining her spending significant amounts of time at a gym to maintain her sexy body.
She turned her body after a few moments watching the sun, turning to face the blonde, and slipped her hands around the blonde's waist, gently turning her so they faced each other.
I sat and stared as the two embraced, clearly the embrace of lovers. Their lips pressed together as did their bodies, the brunette's hands wandering around the blonde's body, both over and under the robe. Before long the robe was pushed off her shoulders to slide down her arms, revealing her completely nude body beneath.
The coffee cup was taken from her and set on the floor as the brunette sunk to her knees in front of her lover. Her kisses started on her stomach, and slowly, tantalizingly, inched around the blonde's mound and thighs until the brunette's face pressed between her legs. The blonde's hands moved to her lover's head and an obvious gasp escaped her lips. It took no imagination to know where the brunette's tongue was.
I felt slightly guilty, sitting in a tree a hundred yards away, unknown to them as they shared their private moment, but I was unable to tear my eyes away from the stunning sight. I touched the focus on my binos and sharpened the image, focusing on the blonde's rock hard nipples and puckered areola as she moaned and mouthed something to her lover.
The brunette pulled her face from the blonde and stood, wrapping her arms around the blonde again, their big tits pressed together. The blonde's hands moved around her lover's body, stroking and caressing as the two kissed again, a long slow, passionate embrace. Her fingers found the panties of her lover and worked them down until her fingers could find their way under the curve of her ass. The sudden movement of the brunette told of the blonde's fingers finding a target, either her ass or pussy. She pulled away from her blonde lover and pulled her back toward the bed, wiggling her legs to dispose of her panties before she sat and then lay back on the bed. Her ass was barely on the bed as she lifted her legs high, spreading them wide to give her lover access and at the same time an unfettered view. The blonde moved between her lover's legs giving me only moments to view of her shaved pussy, her full round smooth lips framing a significant amount of darker flowery inner lip protruding out sexily.
The blonde knelt between the legs of her lover and lowered her face to the pussy I'd just seen, her ass pushing out at me as she enthusiastically began licking her lover's shaved pussy.
I really couldn't help myself at that point. My cock was straining for release from their confinement and I knew I was the only hunter in this part of the woods. I undid my pants and pulled my dick out, wrapping my free hand around it and slowly stroking its hard length as I watched the blonde. She pulled her hair aside as she bobbed her head up and down, driving her lover to the heights of ecstasy with her tongue and fingers. I watched her spread her own knees farther apart on the floor beside the bed, her ass pushed out at me as she reached between her own legs with the hand that had just been moving her hair. She stroked her pussy with her fingers for several moments before withdrawing her hand, leaving me with a view of her spread and wet pussy, her big tits hanging down beneath her, visible between her pushed apart knees.
I imagined myself kneeling behind her and pushing my fat hard cock into her as I slowly stroked myself with one hand, staring at her round lips, only a little inner lip protruding, but glistening wetly in the morning sun. My attention was split between the blonde's pussy and the sudden thrashing of the brunette on the bed, clearly falling into the throes of orgasm. I imagined that I was kneeling with my cock deep in the blonde's pussy, watching her brown haired friend climaxing on her face and clearly talented tongue. I could see her arch her back and push her pussy into her lover's face, her hands moving to her own breasts to squeeze and pull each hard, distended nipple.
"Fuck yes," I mouthed quietly as the brunette climaxed on the blonde's face.
Having climaxed, the brunette moved her feet off of the blonde's back and let them hang down over the side of the bed as she coaxed the blonde up onto the bed with her. She captured the blonde's big tits as she climbed onto the bed and crawled up her body. Her hands cupped and squeezed the big soft tits as the blonde lowered her face to the brunette's for another long wet kiss. Both of their pussies were completely exposed to me as they kissed, the brunette letting go of one breast to slide her hand down between the blonde's legs. Two fingers slid into the blonde's pussy, slowly working in and out as they kissed. Her strokes worked in and out of her pussy, sliding across her clit in the process and causing her to arch her back in time with the brunette's strokes. Minutes passed as the two embraced, the blonde's excitement growing by the moment.
I took my eyes off the pair long enough to stand up in the stand, my cock sticking straight out from my open pants, which tried to slide part way down my thighs. I focused back on the pair and went back to stroking my excited cock, knowing that my own climax was moments away. The blonde began to rock her hips more energetically, helping to drive the brunette's fingers in and out of her pussy, the two never breaking the long kiss. I could feel the warmth spreading through my body and the tingle in my groin grow as my own body prepared for release. I was completely engrossed, watching the blonde being finger fucked by her lover, her climax apparently moments away, as was mine. My mind imagined me standing behind her, pumping my hips to and fro to drive my cock in and out of her hot wet pussy, replacing the brunette's fingers. I saw her legs tremble and I let go of the climax I was holding back, my dick spurting shot after shot of cum out into the air to fall the sixteen feet to the leaves below. I stood until my dick had emptied its load and only an oozing drool remained before I sat down, lowering the glasses while I sat and caught my breath.
After a few moments I aimed my binos at the pair again, the fingers no longer in the blonde's pussy. The two lay half on and half off each other, their legs intertwined as they , touched and caressed each other, their pussies still completely exposed to me.
I felt more than a little guilty at having invaded their privacy and pulled my binoculars down from my face again. I hadn't ever done anything like that. I wondered how I'd feel if someone had spied on me having sex with my wife. Ultimately I decided that it wouldn't matter if I didn't know about it. Just the same, I tried not to look back at them, but couldn't help myself from looking back at the house, though this time without the binoculars. I wondered if I should somehow clue them in on their privacy, or lack of it, when motion at another of the floor to ceiling windows caught my eye. This motion in a window on the second floor at the far end of the house from where the two beauties had just made love.
I lifted my binoculars and focused on the window.
She stood behind a telescope, completely nude, her hands gently teasing across her own body, one hand stroking across from breast to breast, teasing her nipples while the other hand stroked her fingertips across her mound and occasionally between her legs. After us watching each other for what felt like an hour, but was probably only two or three minutes, she stepped from behind the tripod mounted telescope and let me see her. She gave a small wave, letting me know that she did indeed see me watching her. She couldn't be more than twenty or so, where the other two women were more likely late thirties or a little more.
She stepped behind the scope again, watching my reaction. I'd assumed that I was unnoticed in my full camouflage in the woods as I invaded the privacy of the two female lovers, only to find that my own privacy wasn't nearly as assured as I'd assumed. I still sat with my dick still exposed, wondering what to do next.
"Put away your dick!" I mumbled to myself as I pulled the glasses down and let them hang by the strap around my neck. I stood up and gave the young woman one more look before I tucked myself away and zipped up. I sat back down in my stand and focused my glasses on the second floor window again, disappointed to see the young woman gone. I looked down at the first floor again unable to see the two women in the bedroom any longer. A quick search of the first floor windows found them in the bathroom, washing each other in a large walk-in shower, their bodies mostly blurred out by the steam on the glass doors of the shower. I looked back to the second floor window again, finding my young woman again, this time at the window, rather than behind the telescope. She bent over and leaned something about the size of a large book on the window before sitting on the floor in front of the window. She sat on the floor only a few short feet from the window and spread her knees, exposing her pussy and the small neatly trimmed blonde bush on her mound. She leaned back and pulled an overstuffed pillow behind her back, leaving her reclined in front of the window. I watched as she reached between her legs with one hand and teased her pussy, her full round smooth looking lips glistening with her moisture. She pressed a finger slowly into herself before pulling it back out and spreading her juices on the small amount of inner lip protruding. After stroking herself and dipping her finger in a second time she reached for something and drew a long slender pink dick shaped vibrator between her legs. She turned it on and pushed it slowly into her, working it deep into her pussy. She lay there, sliding it in and out a few dozen times before pulling it out and lifting it to her own mouth. She licked and sucked it for several seconds before setting it aside. Sitting up, she reached for what looked like a piece of cardboard that she'd set against the window and turned it around to expose a white side with writing on it. I was still reading the writing on the paper as she got up and walked to the telescope. She stood behind the tripod, focusing it again on me. I looked back to the cardboard and reread the sign.
"Show me again!"
Seriously? She wanted me to just whip it out for her? I lowered my glasses, unsure what to do. Watching someone else was one thing, but intentionally showing off? I'd never done anything like that. Hell, I wasn't sure I could.
I looked back up, planning on saying no, but found her not looking, but moving the scope tripod so it was lower. I watched her maybe C cup tits wiggle as she worked, making my dick swell in my pants once again. With it adjusted, she picked up the board and carried it to the telescope. She sat down so she could see through the scope from her half reclined position on the pillow, and wrote on the board before turning it to show me. She looked through the scope, apparently expecting a reply.
"Not shy are you?"
I put down my glasses and nodded exaggeratedly.
When I looked up again she was erasing the board, which must be a dry erase board, not cardboard. She wrote on it again and then leaned to set it against the window for me to read. The message was much longer and smaller, taking me a bit longer to read in its entirety.
"Please? I want to watch you come when I do! Unless you want to come here and fuck me!"
She was expecting this to be a two-way event. I knew there was no way I'd go there and have sex. I'd never cheated on my wife of forty years and I wasn't going to start now. I was still pretty damn turned on though. What could it hurt to jack off for her, especially if she was playing with herself at the same time?
I stood up and undid my pants, pushing them and my briefs down my legs, letting them bunch up on my boot tops. I skimmed my long sleeve t-shirt off and stood for long seconds, letting her examine my nearly naked body, my hard-on sticking out toward her. I picked my glasses up and sat back down so I didn't fall out of my stand. I pushed my knees apart so she could see as much of me as I now could of her as she sat with her legs spread, pushing the vibrator into her pussy.
She was clearly the daughter of the blonde woman, her features strikingly similar. I sat and watched her push the toy in and out of herself as I sat and stroked myself in time with hers. It didn't take much imagination for me to pretend it was my dick going in and out of her obviously wet pussy. In and out she pushed the long pink dick shaped vibrator. Up and down my hand went, keeping time with her strokes. I let my hand roll over my engorged head to spread my precum over my shaft, my body getting more excited with each passing minute. In and out she pushed the vibrator, watching me watching her. Up and down my hand went, watching her and imagining me pumping my cock in and out of her young wet pussy.
I knew I was getting close again, as was she. The tingle of urgency spread through me and I stood up, letting the binoculars hang from the strap around my neck, freeing my hand to hold the tree as my climax approached. I stroked my dick, imagining pushing in and out of her pussy, the urgency growing rapidly. My hips pushed in time with my strokes and I briefly hoped I was giving her a good show.
I felt my cum race up the length of my cock and jet out into the air as my hips bucked toward her. Shot after shot erupted as I stroked myself, imagining pumping it into her young pussy, filling her deep wet tunnel. Over and over my cock spurted and my hips bucked as I stood with my eyes closed, holding the tree branch for balance as my cum fell to the ground below me.
Emptied and momentarily exhausted, I sat down and lifted my glasses back up to see if my admirer had climaxed as well.
The young lady lay against the pillow next to the telescope, the vibrator sticking from her pussy, her fingers stroking up and down her body gently. It took several seconds before I realized that someone else was kneeling behind the tripod, her knees spread wide to get her body down low enough to look through the scope. I saw the head move from behind the fat tube, seeing the face of the blonde woman look past the scope toward me. I saw her look down at her daughter and say something before stepping over her to the whiteboard. She bent over, still completely nude, her tits swinging and swaying as she picked it up, and staying bent over, erased what was there. She bent farther to pick up the marker laying on the floor near where the board had sat and spent a few moments writing on it. She set it down against the window before straightening and walking across the room and out the door.
The writing was small, but I could still make it out.
"Nice cock. Didn't know we had neighbors. Feel free to watch, but you have to fuck me before you can fuck my daughter. Stop by any time."
I'd been caught! Worse, she had to know I'd watched her earlier as well. I suddenly worried about what she had to think of me, jacking off to the sight of her daughter doing the same. She had to think I was some kind of pervert, though the message on the board left little to the imagination. Did she think I was going to come fuck her daughter? Was having to fuck her first a challenge, or an invitation? Not that I'd take it either way. What a way to meet new neighbors!