"So, Kitty... I bet you're wondering what exactly I have planned for you today, hm?"
Alex squirmed in her restraints. She currently had her hands tied to the ceiling of the Museum, her legs shackled to the floor in front of her, her wet slit and perky breasts forcibly thrust forward by a small back brace. She was completely naked- she wasn't even wearing her kitty costume, which made her feel somehow even MORE naked than usual. The cool air made Alex's skin tingle in anticipation.
Yuri giggled. "Mmm, you're not used to being without your paws, huh, kitty? I bet you wanna touch yourself sooo badly now that you're free... What a dirty fucking slut you are..." She delicately brushed Alex's inner thigh with her hand teasingly.
Alex blushed and looked at her feet sheepishly- she was, in fact, daydreaming about sticking her fingers deep into her pussy, fulfilling her libidinous urges... She had gotten so used to being stuffed full of phallic toys that she felt achingly empty without them. She gyrated her hips in a futile attempt to stimulate herself.
"Well," Yuri said, "Today I'm presenting a new art exhibit here at the Museum... and the exhibit is gonna be you! That's right, your curvy, seductive, feminine body, all naked and on display for all to see... but with a few added touches, of course~"
Yuri held up a paintbrush and some body paints. "See, I've really gotten into painting recently... and I've been thinking that you would make SUCH a sexy, sexy canvas... and I'm having a biiiig audience come in to watch my masterpiece come to life! Oop- here they come now!"
Alex's eyes widened as a crowd of a few dozen people came streaming into the room. Feeling the gazes on her body made her shiver- she felt really embarrassed to be showing off like this...
Yuri began to speak to the crowd. "Welcome, one and all, to Painting with Yuri! Today, I'll be walking you through the artistic process of creating an erotic masterwork!"
Yuri gestured towards Alex, who was beet red. "This lovely art piece here is going to look VERY different once I'm done with it. And I already have a title in mind- 'The Painted Slut!'"
Alex had never felt so humiliated, being treated like a mere decoration for the audience. She whimpered, a bit afraid but also excited to be turned into a piece of art.
.Yuri plopped a beret on her head and began thoroughly examining her "canvas". She spread open Alex's labia for all to see, causing Alex to gasp a bit. "Now as you can see, this canvas here is a huuuge slut, who's used to having all sorts of naughty toys stuffed into her pussy. That's very good, since this will be an erotic piece. However..."
She playfully brushed Alex's bushy pubic hair. "We need to do a bit of... preparation first. Really clean up this canvas..."
Alex's eyes widened, seeing the electric shaver in Yuri's hand. "Wha- no, no, no, please don't shave my pussy in front of everyone, please...!"
Yuri slapped Alex on the cheek, causing her to flinch. "Now, now... canvases don't talk. You didn't even meow like you're supposed to when you normally talk... bad kitty! Just cause you're not wearing the costume doesn't mean you're not my Kitty."
Yuri turned the shaver on. It buzzed and whirred as Yuri gently dragged it across Alex's pubic mound, carefully removing all the hair from Alex's vagina. The vibrations made Alex moan a bit, even from just a slight touch.
Yuri giggled. "Stop squirming... we wouldn't want that soft, supple skin to get cut..."
Alex panted heavily. "No... please don't look, nya... ah, ahhhh... mmm..."
After a few minutes, Yuri stepped back to admire her work. Alex's pussy was now clearly in view, unobscured by any hairs. It was dripping wet with lust, much to Alex's humiliation, and she desperately tried to close her legs, but to no avail- her womanly flower was blatantly on display for all to see, spread open and thrust out towards the audience. Alex felt the cool air even more distinctly on her crotch, making her even more horny.
Yuri smiled. "Good! Now, time to begin with the paint... stay still, now, or I'll have to spank you as a punishment!"
Yuri started slow, starting from the hands and going up the arms. She was painting with mainly light hues of purple and blue, curling and spiraling up the arms, creating sensuous and mesmerizing patterns. Alex did get a bit ticklish, sheepishly giggling and squirming as little as possible.
Alex had a much more difficult time once Yuri made her way up to the shoulders and neck. The horsehair brushing along her neck reminded her all too much of Yuri's soft touch, caressing her neck gently before she would inevitably attack it with bared fangs filled with lustful intent. But no attack ever came- just the endlessly tickling sensation of brushing, brushing, brushing, in those agonizingly slow, twirling patterns...
Alex began to breathe heavily once she started feeling the brush on her cheeks, painting small flowers and other feminine patterns. She began to pant heavily, wishing that Yuri could just apply a bit more force, be a bit more rough with that teasing, teasing brush...
Yuri giggled. "Alex... you're squirming around too much. Pay attention." She smacked her on the butt, leaving a red mark. Alex gasped and whimpered, feeling the sting slowly fade into a warm, tingly feeling. Impact play ALWAYS made her horny, but the pain also made it a useful deterrent.
Now done with the face, Yuri went down a bit, decorating the neckline with some more patterns, and stopping at the chest. "Now, the breasts are a VERY important part of female anatomy, and the eye is drawn to the nipples immediately... So we should put something eye-catching here." She rubbed Alex's nipples in her hands playfully.
Alex cried out. "Myaaaan... Ahhhhh... Mm, please, please, please, please-!"
Yuri laughed cruelly. "Well, we need to get them hard so that they're easier to paint. Gotta cover the entire areola. C'mon, lil' guy, pop out! Don't be shy..."
Yuri continued poking and teasing at Alex's nipples until they shyly poked out.
Yuri smiled. "Good. Now- luckily for me, this canvas is relatively flat- these boobs are only B-cups."
Alex blushed, humiliated at that statement. "T-they're not THAT small... they're still growing..."
Yuri first covered most of Alex's torso in a gradient of blue. She then painted a purple spiral, teasingly brushing closer and closer to Alex's left nipple. Alex began to moan and hump the air more and more. Finally, Yuri painted a bright pink heart over Alex's nipple, making Alex let her voice out again.
"Mmmmm! Myow! Myaaaan! Oh, please, more, please kiss me, please suck on it, bite it, please I need more more more more... I'm so hornyyyyyy..."
Alex continued pleading and begging to nobody in particular as Yuri did the other breast in the same way. She finished it off with the word "SLUT" written in big, black letters across Alex's upper chest.
Yuri winked at the audience. "Gotta label your artwork, after all!"
Alex shook her body left and right. "No, no, please dun look, I'm not a slut, nya, I'm not-!"
A few quick slaps to Alex's ass made her stop complaining, her whining reduced to cute, submissive whimpers.
Yuri did a bit more painting- she coated the stomach, the back, the legs, the thighs, and even the feet in beautiful patterns, and accented them with gold trims here and there. Alex began to get used to the teasing sensation.
Finally, all that was left to paint was Alex's freshly shaven pussy. Yuri smiled. "Now, we want to paint the whole pussy, and decorate it so that it stands out... a good slutty painting emphasizes the naughty parts. The problem is..."
She brushed her finger up against Alex's slit, coating it in her love juices, and forced her finger into Alex's mouth. Alex moaned as she was forced to taste her own lust.
"...that we can't paint this cute lil' vagina if it's already covered in fluid! So what I like to do is to stuff in some cotton to absorb it."
Alex gasped and squirmed as Yuri carefully inserted a puffy cotton ball into her vagina. She couldn't help but squirm- the tickly cotton made her desperate to fuck herself with her fingers, just to relieve the tingly sensation.
Yuri smiled. "There we go- nice and dry. Now for the finishing touches!"
Yuri painted a large orchid around Alex's pussy, turning the labia into the petals of a beautiful flower. Alex desperately tried to hold still, knowing that Yuri would have to start over if she so much as flinched, but she was starting to build up to an orgasm thanks to Yuri brushing over her clit on occasion.
Alex moaned. "Please fuck me, please, please, please, harder, please stop teasing me, oh, please fuck me fuck me fuck me..."
After calming Alex down a few times by smacking her butt, Yuri painted the finishing touch- the words "Fuck Me" with an arrow pointing to Alex's hole.
Yuri smiled, taking the cotton ball out. "Aaaaaall done!" She brought a mirror so that Alex could see.
Alex gasped. She looked both incredibly beautiful and scandalous simultaneously. Her soft curves were only emphasized by the painted lines and swirls on her body, the cute hearts on her nipples playfully flirted with the viewer's eyes, and the blooming flower on Alex's pussy brought the whole thing together. Alex blushed, realizing that she was to be put on display like this, with the words "SLUT" and "Fuck Me" written out on her- but she was alright with that...
As the body paint dried rapidly, Yuri walked up to Alex, grinning. "Hehe... I bet you're REALLY horny now, huh, Kitty?"
Alex dreamily replied, "Yes, Master..."
"Do you want to cum, Kitty?"
"Nyaaaa! Yes, Master, please...!"
Yuri kissed Alex, grinding up against her painted body and gently rubbing her flower with her thigh. She began to press and rub it a bit harder, while forcing her tongue into Alex's mouth. Alex moaned louder and louder- she could feel how wet she was, she could feel the pleasure building up-
And then Yuri stopped.
Alex begged for her to continue. "Myaaaa! Master, please, oh, please don't stop, I'll do anything! I'm sorry I squirmed around Master, please, don't leave me like this...!"
Yuri smiled. "Aw, but Kitty, you look so beautiful when you're horny like this... it would ruin the artwork if you came! Don't worry, though- you're an interactive art exhibit. I'm sure you'll have lots of fun feeling aaaaaaaall the visitors putting their hands on you..."
Yuri watched as all the visitors swarmed around Alex, teasingly rubbing her stomach, caressing her hair and neck, kissing her eyelids, and fingering her delicate, blooming flower. Alex's moans became muffled and desperate, and she began to convulse, humping anyone and everyone her desperate, needy pussy could reach. Hanging there on display for hours, she exposed herself for the rest of the day as a piece of artwork for others to enjoy...