The wife was on a sleep in at work. I was alone and horny, I went upstairs to the small bedroom and logged on the computer. Back then I used three different webcam chat sites, I searched each one until I found a guy from Blackpool he and his male partner worked in a bed and breakfast. But he told me his partner didn't finish work till 11.30 pm, We chatted for about 10 minutes then he asked me what turns you on, at that time I thought a lot about an ex girlfriend Brigit so I told him about her, He asked if I had a picture I said I don't normally send them he said shame me and my partner could have had a good look at her, mm I thought that did turn me on...I sent it.
The picture showed me and Brigit sitting side by side in the club her tits straining at a gold boob tube a mini skirt and a big black belt. I told the Blackpool guy I'd return at 11.30pm,to chat to them both. I had a bath shaved my balls trimmed my pubic hair oiled my chest, cock and balls and put on a dressing gown and went downstairs and made a cup of tea. I sat on the sofa wondering if they both would be online or if I'd be let down. I could feel my big oily balls rubbing on my leg my cock started to rise.
11.00pm I could wait no longer, I entered chat room he was still there I sent a message but he replied no he's still in the bar.11.40pm I was giving up but at 11.50 pm the message came were both here.I opened their cam the guy I was chatting with thin tall with long hair his partner shorter with short hair and stockier. My heart was pounding the were sitting on a four poster bed and i could see they had printed off the picture of me and Brigit i was excited and horny, they started by telling me what they would do if we both were there.
They told me the story as they both looked at her picture, as was sat by the bed while Brigit was on the four poster bed with them they told me the shorter guy would hitch up the mini dress and lick her pussy as she sat on his face, as she moaned the taller guy wanted to remove her belt tie her hands behind her back to the post of the four poster bed he said it would push her tit out leaving him to slip down the boob tube and play with her huge tits, my balls were feeling so full my cock was twitching with shear excitement.
Now they turned their attention to me, up till now my camera had only shown a bit of my arm and the bedroom I was in, now they wanted more and they were calling the shots. Can we see more of you they asked. I put the camera on the floor, you could see my legs up to my neck, ok came the next command open dressing gown, I loosened the belt and opened, looking at the screen I could see the Blackpool guys had dropped their pants and on my camera I could see my big oily balls my semi hard cock and my oily chest, the next command came start to play with your nipples, I did and I started to feel so submissive, next command get that cock nice and hard. I started wanking watching their camera we wanked in time. After a few minutes, I could see them chatting to each other, they told me to stop.
Then came the next command can you do us a favour, by this time I think they could get me to do anything so i said yes, next command lift the camera we want to see your face, I hesitated, my heart pounding. Next message if you do it we'll do you a favour just ask, I thought for a few seconds and replied. Can you both make me a video zap of you both Cumming on Bridget's picture, sure came the reply. I lifted camera and felt total submissive, I started to wank again when they stopped me again, you don't know why we wanted to see your face. My heart pounding again, No i replied. The command came back we want to see you wank cum then eat. This turned me on even more, I started again after five minutes my cock was throbbing my balls felt so full I knew I'd cum very soon.
They both egged me on eat it eat it the kept messaging me. I was thinking of them Cumming on Brigit's big tits. My balls tightened and bounced as I wanked and it erupted hot thick cum up my chest on my belly, a heavy load, I scooped it up and ate as they both shot their cum. It was 12.45am.I was drained.
We kept in touch on the chat line and we even had a weekend when I was at work we had phone sex, I gave them my works mobile and at the time I worked on a big site often alone, when they rang i was outside next to a fire exit. They wanted me to start wanking straight away so for a brief time I was in a fire exit with my pants down wanking there was no one on site but if felt really horny, but I stopped headed back into a boiler house where we chatted about the video zap they had sent of them both Cumming on Brigit's picture, the night we had on the chat programme, I moaned and wanked and they made me eat again. But a few weeks later we lost touch. But who knows a guy reading this might want to use me again and I still from time to time get back online.