Chapter 06
---The Breastie and the Dawgs---
Hello everyone, it's Tia! Your fierce fashion reporter with another deep dive. As you know, I'm an industrious investigator who digs deeper. And so, I wasn't done researching the different types of marketing. So far, I had focused on the existing customer base, but it was time to broaden the perspective. So, I tackled the topic of market development to find out how to target new customers.
Before I was able to start this project, however, I first had to solve an urgent problem. I had to find my way back to the mall. Remember, I was standing in a carwash bay wearing a soaked, see-through green crop top, tiny skintight black wetlook booty shorts, and sky-high black matte platform boots with 7.5" heels and 3.5" platforms. A saucy head-turner of an outfit? Absolutely! A suitable pair of shoes for long walks in public? Absolutely not!
And so, I became frantic as time ran out. What was I supposed to do? In this outfit, I could hardly ask the staff at the carwash without making them suspicious, nor could I stand on the street to hail a cab without attracting unwanted attention. I was out of options! But things got worse! The situation escalated when the roll-up door opened. Oh fuck! The staff had discovered me! They were about to throw me out or call the cops or whatever!
I was in full panic mode! But there was no way I could hide. My eyes grew wide! There were no employees. Instead, a gray minivan pulled into the wash bay. Where did it come from? And what was it doing here? When the van came to a stop, the driver rolled down the window and stuck his head out. It was a young guy about my age.
"Hello, lady! How ya doin'? Welcome to the banger bus!" The youngster greeted me with a bright smile.
What the fuck? The guy seemed to know me. That confused me because I had no clue who he was. But then again, I had met so many new people lately that it was hard to keep up with all the different faces and voices and all that. Consequently, I became even more confused when the side door opened. Three more guys jumped out and greeted me enthusiastically. Indeed, they knew me! It was the group of greenhorns who had inspected and labelled my pussy. Holy shit! I had hoped never to see these phony punks again. Correction! I had never seen them, so I had actually hoped they'd never see me again.
Anyway, I was finally able to check them out and found that they were all in their early twenties. My hunch had been correct! Not only were they young, but they also looked like a cross between wannabe gangsters and jersey shore loudmouths, so the term 'wangsters' was a perfect fit. Definitely so!
And then I had to laugh. The absurdity was too much. This was no fucktruck, it was mom's minivan! Can you imagine? It made the boys look even more ridiculous! I bet they were dealing weed in their posh neighborhood, feeling like real tough guys while living their lives all sheltered and protected. Coming from humble beginnings, I had grown up under opposite conditions. That's why I couldn't stand these type of wannabe thugs. Not at all!
"Told cha, dawgs! The booty's hot but the rest's hotter! She's a banger n ya can't teach that!" The guy with the white basecap exclaimed.
Oh god! The loudmouths sounded like they had bets on what I looked like overall. They probably had money on my hair color or even my cup size! So objectifying!
"Then it's good the banger boys are in da house!" The guy wearing his basecap sideways replied with a hammy gesture.
And with that, the wangsters informed me that they had spent more than 300 bucks in the Vonderstore. That was why Mr. von Stein had promised them an extra special service. Since I hadn't returned in time, the boss had gotten impatient and sent them looking for me. How nice of him! But surely not out of pure charity. As if it mattered! All that mattered was the result! And since these wannabe tough guys were already here, they could play cab and take me back to the mall in their minivan. That was better than nothing!
But stupidly, the boys didn't let themselves be fobbed off so easily. Instead, they continued talking trash. And I can assure you that I had zero nerve for that bullshit! It had been a long day, and I was exhausted, so I wasn't playing along. My lack of cooperation didn't make things any better, though! Quite the contrary! The wangsters responded by calling my boss and putting him on speaker. As I said, real tough guys!
"Hey, pumpkin! Good to hear from you. I was getting worried. What took you so long?" The Vonderowner greeted me over the phone. "Looks like you found some fans! Ain't that great? Everybody knows you millenitards can't have enough followers. So you don't wanna let them down, do you?"
"Remember, sweet cheeks! You said your ass was for sale to regular customers. That was a helluva motivation for your fans." He elaborated. "Damn right! The boys became members of the Vonderclub. They're regulars now."
Oh jeez! That left me dumbstruck! I felt totally misunderstood. I hadn't meant it that way! My remark about regulars had been nothing more than a throwaway line. In fact, it wasn't supposed to be taken seriously! But on second thought, I can see how it could be misinterpreted. And I oops!
"Gotta say, pumpkin, you've got our motto down pat. 'Sex sells'! Damn straight!" The old-ass owner praised me. "Not gonna lie, I'm a little bit proud how well you're doing as a promo puppet."
"So I've decided to expand your foray into the marketing department. Time to spread our slogan to reach new customers. Hell yeah!" He continued. "But don't you worry your pretty little head, blondie! The boys will help you do it. Have fun!"
And with that, the patriarch hung up. What the fuck? He caught me on the wrong foot! I didn't expect that! And yet, his compliment reverberated in my head. And we all know that I'm a sucker for praise. For this reason, I wanted to prove my boss right. I was determined to show him that he had backed the right horse. I was going to slay this marketing campaign. No doubt about it!
"So again! Welcome to the banger bus! Badaboom, badabang, let's get in the van!" The guy with the backwards basecap interrupted my train of thoughts.
And with that, the special service had begun. And I had brought it on myself. My silly saying was turning into reality! In the future, I must be way more careful with my words. For the moment, though, I had to deal with the consequences of my actions. But first, I had to get my feelings under control, because the term 'banger bus' made me cringe. I understood the innuendo all too well! I'm not that stupid! On the contrary! The endgame was clear!
And so, I found myself in the minivan. With their sweatsuits and basecaps, the boys were dressed so similar that I could barely tell them apart. That's why I didn't even ask their names. If I had learned one thing from the 'booze-n-bitches' party, it was that anonymity cranked up the impact of exhibitionism, making it that much nastier. This was some real kinky shit!
Whatever! There was a fatboy sitting across from me and he slammed the door shut as soon as I sat in the back seat. Since he wore a basketball jersey with 'Real One' written on it, I simply used it as his name. With the door closed, the driver sped off. He was the only one without a basecap, probably because he wanted to show off his manbun, so I called him Bunboy. That left two guys who were sitting to my left and right. One was incredibly thin, earning him the name SlimJim. The other wore a shirt in snakeprint and a matching cap turned sideways, so I named him Sidewinder. And that must be enough of an introduction. Full stop!
But here's what really matters: The guys around me couldn't keep their hands to themselves. Instead, their greasy paws were on my thighs as soon as my butt hit the seat! And those sticky fingers didn't remain on my legs for long. Real quick, the wangsters moved their paws up until SlimJim's fingers were on my pussy and Sidewinder's hand cupped my titties. They didn't even ask but treated me like fair game right away.
And for good reason! After all, my boss had given them permission. Anything else would have been silly. Truth be told, it would have made me doubt whether they were really hot-blooded men. Obviously, this was part of the job description for a promo puppet. And I can't deny that I was beginning to like this type of work. With every passing second, I felt more suited to be a billboard bimbo than a salesgirl. Promise!
So, my top was pulled down real soon. A heartbeat later, I found myself groaning as the wangsters worked my titty meat and pussyflesh like they were dying of thirst. Sidewinder kneaded my bomb-ass boobs as if he were trying to squeeze milk out of the glands while SlimJim fingered my twat as if he wanted to make me squirt. The sheer amount of stimulation was too much for me. And so, my mind got fuzzy as my vision became blurry.
"Whoop! Whoop! Tell me, how long ya been doin' this? Workin' as a customer cunt?" The fatboy asked me. "With them looks, ya could be a fuckin' model, man!"
"Nah, dawg! With them whoppers, bitch can't be a runway model. Glamour model maybe. I say sinstamodel at best." Sidewinder objected in between a bunch of titty squeezes.
"Oh, boys! Oh, gee! Cut it out!" I clapped back because I wasn't going to take that nonsense. "Sounds like you dunno shit 'bout the model business!"
Believe me, folks, I wanted to sound strict and rigorous to set these punk-ass pricks straight. In my sensual frenzy, however, my words sounded much softer and way more bubbly than intended.
"Look at me! What you think I do?" I tried to clarify. "It's obvi! I got all the skills you need. I'm personable, outgoing, familiar with the product. I'm, a promo model for Vonderstone. A hundo p!"
"Yeah, right! Like we ain't heard ya boss callin' ya promo puppet!" Sidewinder interjected. "Shit ain't sound like a model! Sounds like a hoe for hire."
Jesus! That hit different! It was way too presumptuous for such a group of greenhorns. And thus, it couldn't remain unanswered!
"Bullshit!" I hastily clapped back.
But it failed to have an effect, since my voice reverted to a high-pitched drawl that made me sound more ditzy than determined.
"I'm a real model!" I insisted with a pout. "But I'm new to the biz! You know, like a side job."
Of course, I knew that modeling wasn't part of my official job description. But the way these noobs denied my abilities pissed me off. And so, I stubbornly stuck to my imaginary career. Judging by my looks, it wasn't that unrealistic. Not at all!
"Guys, you heard the boss! He told me I wasn't flashy enough to generate a buzz for the brand." I started to interpret Mr. von Stein's words. "Any publicity's good publicity, rite?"
"So the deal's simple! I wanna get rehired, I gotta prove I can make some noise! For sure!" Once on a roll, I began to babble off the cuff. "So that's what I'm doing right here. Generating a buzz!"
OK! I must admit that I was convincing myself more than the wangsters. In a way, I tried to talk myself into the situation. And so, a whole torrent of words gushed from my mouth until I babbled like a waterfall.
"Side job? For real?" SlimJim asked incredulously. "Don't cha tell us you're a fuckin' coed earnin' cash on the side to pay for ya tuition. That shit's fuckin' cliché!"
Au contraire! If anything was clichéd, it was the loudmouths' look and demeanor. But of course, I couldn't throw that at the guys. Upsetting regulars was a total no-go for a promo puppet. The days of clapping back were officially over! It was inappropriate for a bimbo anyways.
"Nah, dawgs! Them shit can't be real! Listen to the hoe! Bimbo's never seen a fuckin' lecture hall from the inside!" Sidewinder agreed with his homie.
"Wait, man!" RealOne interjected. "Look at the hoe! She ain't gotta go to classes. She's fuckin' her profs to get a degree! Betcha!"
Oh no, so not true! Quite the opposite! I was a diligent student who studied hard to get good grades. I had to make that clear! But the wangsters wouldn't have believed me anyway. It would have taken forever to explain everything about my free semester and internship. But I didn't have that kind of time. Instead, I wanted to check off the topic real fast! So, the alternative was much easier and much more believable. Priorities!
"Hihihi! You got me guys! For real!" I decided to play along. "You look like me, you don't have to go to class sessions. There are easier ways to pass exams. No cap! Hihihi!"
Oh my god! I couldn't believe I was doing this. It felt like a whole other person was talking. I had always been so proud of my accomplishments in college. And now, I was betraying all my hard studies. But this wasn't Tia-the-Coed talking, it was Blondie-the-Billboard-Bimbo. And for her, mani-pedis were more important than good grades. Facts!
"Haha! That's what cha look like, bimbo! No curvy coed, just a shameless slut!" Sidewinder exclaimed as the bunch of braggarts cheered.
And that was the end of the subject. My answer sounded logical enough, so the banger boys believed me. As if it had any meaning for them!
---Billboard bimbo goes on a promo tour---
Four young wannabe tough guys had taken mom's minivan to go to the shopping mall, and on the way, they had picked up a blonde bombshell in hoe rags and prostiboots. Nobody will believe that tale if you try to sell it as reality. And yet, it was happening!
"Fuck it! Nuff with the bullshit!" SlimJim eventually interrupted the general exhilaration. "If I got shit right, the bitch's beggin' for a public stabbin'!"
"Badabeat! Bimbo wants sum public mischief... to prove a fuckin' point n end her boss beef." Bunboy concurred from the front. "You're up to get lewd n crude, my dudes?"
As you see, we had clarified why I was the face of Vonderstone, but we hadn't yet determined how we were going to spread the slogan. As if I had any good ideas about that! Definitely not in my current state! As it turned out, however, the bragger boys had already cooked up a solution. Finally, they were useful for something!
"Simple! We combine them shit. Promo gift n promo tour. Like a one-two punch. Bang bang, banger boys!" RealOne exclaimed.
"Yeah, man, let's turn them shit into a fuckin' thrillride, for real!" SlimJim added. "Gotta keep shit interestin'. Whoop! Whoop!"
Come again? I must say I had no idea if it was my horniness or their silly slang, but I didn't understand a word they said. Anyway, the hypebeasts didn't expect the billboard bimbo to understand a thing in the first place. Instead, they relied on showing me in practice. Show don't tell. Bet!
"Yo, dawgs! Wanna know why I stop? A red light's coming up!" Bunboy suddenly announced from the driver's seat. "Everybody's ready for the hoedown? Cuz shit's 'bout to go down!"
And then everything happened superfast. RealOne pulled out a coin and all the wangsters watched in excitement as he tossed it in the air. They remained silent until the coin landed on the floor of the minivan. And then they cheered at the decision.
"Tails it is! Whoop! Whoop!" They shouted across each other.
"C'mon, dawgs! Gotta be quick!" SlimJim took the initiative and opened the side door.
What the fuck was going on? I didn't get to ask. Next thing I knew, there was a tug on my arm and a shove on my back. One second, I was sitting in the minivan, and the next I was standing on the sidewalk. Oh shit!
"Spread the slogan, promo puppet!" RealOne called out to me. "That light won't stay red forever."
And with that, I woke up from my stupor. My eyes widened and my jaw dropped. I was supposed to shout out the promo slogan? In the middle of the street? In an unfamiliar neighborhood? They had to be joking! But they weren't.
"Yo, bitch! Ya want us to drive on without cha?" Sidewinder affirmed that they were serious.
Oh no! I didn't want that. Definitely not! And so, panic seized me. Looking around, I noticed that we were standing in front of a mini-mall. Like the shopping center, it was in the commercial district. Like the rest of the area, however, it was rundown and desolate. There was a dollar store and a pharmacy along with a hair salon and tattoo studio. I wasn't so sure this was the right place to promote the Vonderstone brand, but I had to take what I could get. Period!
"Sex sells, peeps! We sell sexy fits, you buy sexy time. Never forget: Vonderstone means Vondersex! Yay!" I shouted out loud.
Oh my god! If I had waited a second longer, I wouldn't have done it at all! In my excited state, however, my spontaneity came in real handy. And so, I noticed people peeking out of the stores. Even though they were staring at me, I was standing too far away, so they only saw an interchangeable big-boob bimbo in saucy clothes. That totally triggered me! I was anything but interchangeable, I was unique. Damn straight!
So, I shouted the slogan a second time. After all, I needed to make sure that the potential customers had understood it correctly. Involuntarily, I even started walking up and down in front of the mini-mall, doing a dramatic pirouette before returning to the banger bus. As if it were a runway! But whatever! I had gotten the message across. Definitely so!
And then the traffic light turned green. Three pairs of hands grabbed me and pulled me into the minivan. I huffed in exhaustion when I was back in the bus and saw the mini-mall disappear in the rear window. This had been embarrassing, alas super exciting!
Nonetheless, I scowled at the loudmouths. They could have told me earlier. It hadn't been that bad! If I had known beforehand, I probably wouldn't have refused. No need to give me a scare like that! But I didn't get a chance to scold them, because Bunboy was already announcing the next red light. Jesus!
This time, I was just as excited as the boys. Just like them, I held my breath and watched in silence as the coin flew through the air. It was heads! And I had no idea what it meant. Actually, I would have preferred the familiar program. But instead, the fear of the unknown was real!
As soon as the dice were cast, SlimJim and Sidewinder put their hands back where they belonged: on my pillows and my pussy. This time, though, they kneaded my titty meat fiercer and fingerfucked my twat deeper. And the result was as visible as it was audible. My moans pierced the air and my body wriggled on the seat. The sheer amount of stimulation was too much for me. And so, I slid off the bench and landed on the floor of the minivan. Before I knew it, I was on all fours and my head was right between RealOne's manspread.
"Whoop! Whoop! Just in time!" The fatboy exclaimed. "Our college cunt might be new to modelin', but she ain't new to sluttin' it up. The bitch knows her shit! Heads can only mean one thing, of course. Time to give head. Haha!"
Oh god! How presumptuous! But also, how obvious! I should have thought of that myself. So, I let the wangsters believe that it had been my plan from the beginning and fished his dick out of RealOne's sweatpants. Jerking the realest rod, I noticed that his boner started with a slimmer shaft and ended with a wider head. He was literally shaped like a hammer! Swear to god!
And so, I decided to give him a heavenly hummer, because my lips barely fit over his hammerhead anyway. I gleefully let my tongue twirl around the tip of his dick before gently sliding my lips up and down his shaft. Grabbing his balls, I massaged them with the long, red tips of my French nails. Then I opened my mouth and let my lips softly glide over his hammerhead. Instead of taking his shaft deep, I focused on sucking extra hard and vibrating my lips extra wild. My intent was clear. I wanted to add so many sensations that the filthy fatso was overcome with feeling and didn't even think about drilling his wedgehammer down my throat.
And it worked! RealOne sat back and let me do my thing. Believe it or not, he even folded his hands behind his head. What an arrogant gesture! And yet, he exuded so much male dominance that it totally spurred me on. Despite my efforts, however, I didn't manage to finish off the fatboy.
"Badaboom! Callin' the backroom! Time to breakup, 'nother red light comin' up!" Bunboy announced from the front in the cringiest way he could.
Again? I was so engrossed in my work that I didn't even notice how far down the road we had gone. And yet, the coin toss happened before I had a chance to look at it. Whatever! The guy's screams quickly told me that it was heads again! Truth be told, I couldn't even tell if I liked it or not. I didn't get time to think about it anyway, because the wangsters grabbed me by the shoulders. Spinning me around, I found myself between the legs of SlimJim.
Of course, his sweatpants were long gone, and his raging hard-on stuck up menacingly. Letting my fingers glide up and down his shaft, I felt a slight upward bend, like a fucking banana! The curved cock was impossible to deep throat, so I had to come up with an alternative to keep the loudmouth entertained.
And I did! Without any dilly-dally, I slipped my lips over the tip of the dick and let my mouth glide all the way to the curve. Then I started to bob my head up and down while vibrating my lips vigorously. This was a cracking combo of sucker and hummer! Even though my lips only slid as far as the curve, I moved my head all the faster. This shit was intense! And the slutty spectacle was further enhanced by the slurping sounds that echoed through the banger bus. The extra effort convinced the slim reaper. And once again, I was allowed to do my job as I liked. This was going great!
"Badabang! It's a stop for the van! Hold on tight, here's the red light!" Bunboy probably couldn't even talk normal.
Whatever! I wasn't here as a language teacher, I was here as a billboard bimbo. And so, it came to the fourth coin toss of the day. And this time, it was tails again! So, the shape of Sidewinder's dick remained a mystery... for the moment at least. Instead, I ended up on the street again. This time, though, I was prepared and knew what was coming. That was a clear improvement!
Or so I thought. And yet, I was totally perplexed when I stood outside the minivan. We had left the commercial district. Instead, I was standing right in front of the main building of the local college. Holy shit! The clientele was much better suited to the Vonderstone brand, I give you that. But the risk of being recognized was infinitely higher. Many of my high school classmates studied here, among them most of the people I had met at our reunion. If they saw me in my saucy slutfit and prostiboots, I'd die right there at the traffic light. Promise!
As a matter of fact, the probability wasn't so small, because there was still a lot going on, even though it was quite late in the afternoon. And so, my arrival hadn't gone unnoticed. The spotlight was on me and my outfit! Accordingly, one thing was clear! The longer I waited, the worse it would get. Soon, the whole campus would be buzzing with rumors. So, this was a case of 'grin and bear it'. Period!
"Sex sells, peeps!" I shouted the slogan. "We sell sexy fits, you buy sexy time! Never forget: Vonderstone means Vondersex!"
Without wasting another thought on it, I struck up my slogan and blared it across campus. I saw the heads turn! I noticed the stunned faces! I observed the fingers pointing in my direction! I felt the blush on my cheeks! I sensed the sweat on my forehead!
Jesus Christ! I hadn't even realized it, but I had been jumping up and down as I had recited the slogan, so much so that my fabulous funbags had almost popped out of my tight green crop top. It must have looked super slutty, but it fit the promo perfectly. Think of it as an added bonus! In this elitist area, however, it raised a riot! And the danger escalated! I bet somebody had already alerted campus security. So, how did I react? I had done my job, so I could get back on the bus. But the red phase wasn't over yet.
"1, 2, 3, 4 come to the Vonderstore! Bone in Vondestone! Flex your Vondersex!" I brought out an old cheerleading chant, albeit slightly modified.
Believe it or not, I didn't stop with the chant, I also performed the matching dance routine. And I finished it all off with the spread-eagle jump. It happened totally off the cuff! I didn't plan it. Following my impulse, I did what felt right at the moment. Have I mentioned before that I tend to get carried away once I get going? Safe to say, I was on a roll and took it to the extreme! Definitely so!
But then I suddenly heard a whistle! Campus security had arrived! They rushed towards me. They were getting close! Oh shit!
---Stand-up slut turns the promo tour into a public campaign---
Lucky my, I got by with a little help from my friends. I was no more shy with a little help from my friends. Just when campus security reached the sidewalk, I felt a tug on my shoulders pulling me into the minivan. Falling backwards, my butt landed in the bus. At the same moment, Bunboy stepped on the gas and the vehicle sped away. Damn! That had been close!
"Whoop! Whoop! That's sum street meat, like literal! Actin' like a treat, like visceral!" Our driver exclaimed in low-key admiration.
"Yo, man! Bitch ain't no stand-up comedian, she's a stand-up slut! Fuckin' unpredictable." SlimJim was full of praise... sorta.
"Nah, dawg! More like an impro-hoe, rollin' with them punches." RealOne added to the compliments.
"Whateva! Just a bang-on bimbo. Simple as that." Sidewinder ended the discussion in his typically brusque way.
And yet, the bragger boys were so excited by my provocative promo they could barely contain themselves. They couldn't believe to be so lucky to have such a spontaneous 'bang-on-bimbo' at hand. Even though their trash talk made me cringe, I couldn't help but bask in their compliments. Besides, there was a good side to their excitement. It gave me the chance to take a breather. And I certainly needed a break. Absolutely!
"Them shit was so tight... ya actually took two red lights!" Bunboy exclaimed with another ridiculous rhyme. "You're the perfect promo pet. Cuz ya can't teach that!"
Say again? I had been standing on campus for two whole red light phases? I couldn't believe it! I had been so engrossed in my cheerleading chant that I hadn't even noticed. Holy shit! The odds that someone had recognized me had just exploded! The blonde billboard bimbo would be the talk of the town, no matter if anyone could identify her or not. Definitely so!
"Yo, bitch! Two red lights mean two coin tosses." Sidewinder eventually informed me. "Got no time to waste. So we already flipped the coin for ya!"
Oh wow! They didn't even give me the shortest of breaks. Apparently, a promo pet had to be ever ready. That was so nice of them ... not!
"For what it's worth, it's heads." The snakemate told me. "But I ain't give a shit 'bout a blowie! Gotta fuck sum stuff. Anything's fine for me! Rubber doll, billboard bimbo, arby barbie, whateva. I fuck it all!"
Oh jeez! His disrespect was next level! And I needed to let him know. But instead of clapping back, I shrieked. Sidewinder had made his announcement come true. Grabbing my black wetlook pants, he pulled them to my knees. Tugging on my blonde hair, he made me kneel laterally between the benches. And then he stepped behind my butt. Casting a glance over my shoulder, I noticed that he had already lost his pants, so his cock was finally revealed. Believe it or not, it literally looked like an angry dart pointing at my bullethole. In fact, his dick was dead straight from shaft to glans, like a fat sausage. No kidding!
And then the action started! Tugging on my hair, the aggressive archer made me look forward as he thrust his ramrod into me. In response, I grunted deep and guttural! Not only because the air was driven out of me, but also because I was looking right out of the side window. Oh my god! I hadn't noticed it before, but we had stopped! We were standing on an overpass across a freeway. And I was looking directly at the cars below us! To make matter worse, the traffic was so heavy that the cars were stopped. Anyone looking up could catch a glimpse of me, aka my face!
This escalated quickly! The danger was too much! Anybody could be standing in the traffic jam. What if it was a family member? I'd be an outcast forever! What if it was one of my profs? I'd be kicked out of college! In panic, I tried to get away from the window. But the snakemate was having none of that. He held my loose locks in a vice grip. He even tugged on my blonde hair to make me arch my back until my big-ass boobs were right in front of the window. Oh no! This made matters worse! Anyone looking up could catch a great glimpse of me, aka my face and boobs! This was ill-advised, alas an ill thrill!
And then Sidewinder rammed his rod into my twat harder than ever. As a result, my body lurched forward. Frantically, I put my hands against the window to stop my movement, but I wasn't strong enough. It was inevitable and a few thrusts later it happened. My arms gave way! I groaned out when my fantastic funbags got pressed against the glass. Anyone looking up could catch a perfect picture of me, aka my bulging boobs getting savagely squashed!
The danger was killing me, and the thrill was making my cunt explode! I was dripping so much pussyjuice that a puddle formed on the floor of the minivan. I couldn't believe it, but I was going to cum in front of a crowd of randos and normies. But it didn't come to that. Sidewinder had overpaced himself. The savage screwing made his balls boil over. As his cock started to squirm, he pulled out, leaving my cunthole twitching with desire.
At least, the aggressive archer released my hair, so I could move away from the window. Finally! A moment later, his spunk spurted out of his cock. And my eyes grew wide! He sprayed his splooge all over the side window. You can't make this shit up! It must have played out like a porno for the people waiting in the traffic jam. Unbelievable!
In total astonishment, I watched the sack sauce splatter against the glass. And then I shrieked as the snakemate reapplied the hair grip and pulled me forward. My arms flailed as I tried to hold onto the backseat to stop my movement. I wanted to stay away from the window as far as possible. But to no avail! The wayward wangster had his way with me, pressing my face against the window. Of course, I needed no prompting to pucker my lips. And so, I found myself slurping his spunk off the glass pane. Un-fucking-believable!
I must say, the banger boys worked like a well-oiled machine. Once again, Bunboy waited for the perfect moment to step on the gas. As we sped off the overpass, I felt like I was in a dream. As if none of this had actually happened! Truth be told, I had no idea if anyone had looked at the minivan and seen me. But most of the time, my titties had been on display, so it was highly unlikely that anyone had recognized me. That was some reconciliation at least. And yet, the excitement kept reverberating, keeping me on edge. Good grief!
When Sidewinder was done, he dropped onto the backseat, panting with exhaustion. In comparison, the rest of the rowdy rookies was totally fired up. The public performance had obviously animated them.
"By the way, ran a red light on the getaway." Bunboy suddenly interrupted the general excitement.
What the hell? I had no idea what he was talking about. The bragger boys, on the other hand, cheered and hollered even louder than before. And the next moment, I saw the coin flying through the air. Oh shit!
And so, there was no respite for the promo puppet. I was still looking at the coin lying on the floor showing heads when SlimJim grabbed my loose locks. Positioning me on the floor, he drove his dick straight up my slit in doggystyle. Feeling his shaft slide in and out of my pussy, I grunted when I felt his bent boner. Remember the banana shape? It didn't look like much, but it had a major effect. The curved cock covered more space, stretching my snatch real wide! It actually felt like it was double its size! For fuck's sake!
Lucky for me, my twat was so wet that the bent boner plunged inside like greased lightning. The beanpole banged away even more ferocious than his snakemate. As if he were trying to outdo his buddy! As a result, his thighs clashed against my butt cheeks while his balls banged against my soppy snatch. And the smacking sounds of sex filled the banger bus. This was becoming a running theme. Damn straight!
In their youthful enthusiasm, the rowdy rookies kept upping the ante... until they took it too far. And that was the case when the minivan stopped! At the same moment, the door slid open. Holy shit! This thing was out of control! The punk-ass pricks were pushing our luck!
"Badabim! Bimbo don't be grim! Tried with all my might, couldn't escape 'nother red light. Without a fail, the coin said tails." Bunboy explained the situation although I barely heard his words.
Instead, I was busy looking at a public park. Bunboy had stopped right in front of a green space that separated our rundown commercial district from the city center. It was pretty ragged and totally overgrown! But at least, the trees and bushes had grown wild enough to provide a bit of protection. Thank god, there was hardly anyone in the park at this time of the day. That was a relief! But then I saw some benches at the other end of the green space where a group of guys was sitting! We had spectators! That was a catastrophe!
And yet, SlimJim kept steamrolling my snatch in the banger bus. The savage speed in combination with the sick stretching drove me crazy! Keeping an eye on the men on the other side of the park, I tried my best to stay silent. Watching their every move, I noticed that they looked worse for wear and were drinking cans of beer. Oh gosh! Not the company I was used to keep! No way, I wanted these greasy guys to get in on the action. Definitely not!
And it was totally up to me to keep it that way. Unfortunately, though, the powerful pounding was starting to work its wonders. Whether I liked it or not, I had to scream out my pleasure. But I couldn't do it! Not with the door open! No way! So, I pressed my lips together, but it wasn't enough. I bit my lips, but it didn't help. My mouth opened and I moaned out loud. Shit!
And that was the end of my anonymity! The men heard me! They turned their heads! They saw me, or rather, they saw a blond bombshell on all fours getting dicked down in doggystyle while her tremendous titties dangled off her chest swinging and swaying wild as hell. Of course, it was a super sexy sight! Too sexy for the men to look away. And who could blame them? Not me!
Apparently, they weren't the only ones turned on by the public mischief. SlimJim was so excited that he needed to change position. Grabbing my hips, he fell backwards until he sat on the floor of the minivan. Pulling me along, I ended up sitting on his lap in reverse cowgirl. Hardly in position, he started thrusting again. And with that, my bomb-ass bangers began bouncing savage as sin. That was an even sexier sight!
And the greasy guys reacted! Rising from their benches, they approached the minivan. Oh fuck! They were still too far away to recognize me. I was just an anonymous big-tit bimbo to them. But a few more steps and they'd be close enough to identify me. A step forward... and a thrust up my cunt. Another step... and another thrust.
And then the bent boner popped out of my pussy. SlimJim had made the same mistake as his snakemate and thus met the same fate. Pushing me off his lap, I landed with my knees on the floor. All the while, I kept staring at the scruffy sleazebags approaching the van. From the corner of my eyes, I saw the curved cock starting to squirm and I reacted accordingly. Cupping my tits, I pushed my fantastic funbags into position. And a second later, the cum began to rain down on my fluffy fleshpillows. The spunk splattered all over my tremendous titties. Taking the term pearly necklace literally, the beanpole covered my collarbone with a ton of man jam. What a hefty load! But at least, it was over!
"Badaboom! Bimbo don't fume! Don't cha forget, ya still a promo pet. Say ya slogan for the parkmen!" Bunboy exclaimed from the front.
Seriously? Oh fuck! I had totally forgotten about the second coin toss. Looking up, I saw the greasy guys in front of me. They had come close enough to see me and my cum-covered cans real clear. Oh jeez! They could identify me! But whew! At first glance, I didn't know any of the scruffy sleazebags.
"Sorriiieee!" I apologized, not realizing how ridiculous I sounded.
Of course, these parkmen weren't the right clientele. But whatever! I was so in the flow that I didn't even think about it. The wangsters had praised me to the skies for my last provocative promo, so I wanted to top that. Since I couldn't do any cheerleading moves in the minivan, I reached under my bomb-ass bangers to make them bob and bounce as saucy as salaciously.
"Sex sells, boys!" I recited my jingle while my titty meat jiggled. "We sell sexy fits, you buy sexy time! Never forget: Vonderstone means Vondersex!"
And then I waved at the scruffy sleazebags as the banger bus drove off. So much for not getting identified. Now these men knew where I was working. Oh damn! But it was too late to play the timid tart. Bimbos ain't bashful, right?
"Oh phew! Time out, boys!" I asked breathlessly when RealOne had closed the door. "Can we, like, take a break or something? Like pretty please?"
"Yo, bimbo's right! Time for a break, dawgs!" Sidewinder agreed.
And with that, I breathed a sigh of relief. Real slow, I realized how long the day had been and how much action I had seen. Safe to say, I was getting real tired.
---Impro-hoe orders à la carte ---
The bragger boys had promised a timeout. And yet, the break didn't include the billboard bimbo. Instead, the air stuck in my throat when I looked around. It was only a 5-minute drive to the car wash. So, I had thought we were cruising aimlessly. But we weren't! Bunboy had steered the minivan to a specific destination. Oh jeez! I shrieked in shock as I watched the driver pull into the parking lot of a seedy burger joint. This couldn't be happening!
"Yo, bimbo! Ya ain't here to eat, you're here to fuck." RealOne drew my attention back to him.
And with that, the fatso focused on me while the rest of the wangsters discussed their food order. At least, one of the guys realized they didn't need fast food when they had a five-star menu on hand. It wasn't much, but it was better than nothing!
Impatiently, the loudmouth grabbed my arm and turned me around. Once again, I found myself kneeling laterally between the seats. My only response was an exhausted groan as I was too tired to argue. Glancing over my shoulder, I got reintroduced to his wedgehammer! It still looked as impressive as the first time. Putting his legs to the left and right of my knees, the fatso towered over my ass, which made his dick point down like a jackhammer. How fitting!
If it doesn't fit, get a bigger hammer! That's what they say, right? And that's why I froze when I realized that his fat cockhead was about to enter me. As if that bothered the banger! Since when are a barbie's worries important? It's all sunshine and bubblegum to a bimbo, right? That's what the phony punk must have thought! After all, he took full advantage of the position. Dropping his jackhammer, he didn't penetrate me, he impaled me. Bet!
Despite his weight, RealOne was amazingly agile. And so, he started pumping my pussy super savage. Every thrust went balls deep and every impact was massive! I moaned totally unrestrained as his thighs slapped against my butt cheeks and his balls bounced against my clit, filling the van with a sick sound of sex! All these different sensations assailed my senses, to the point that it overwhelmed me. The curved cock had already brought me close to climax. But now, I was dancing on the edge. A major orgasm was about to come crashing down on me and I'd embrace every wave of it. Promise!
But then it was over! Oh no! Just a little more! One more thrust! That was all I needed! But I didn't get it. Instead, I sighed when the wedgehammer plopped from my pussy with a loud squelch. I didn't know if I was more confused or frustrated, but I knew that the climax was gone. Another ruined orgasm! Fucking hell!
And yet, I froze before I could complain! Looking up, I noticed that the door was open! Again! For fuck's sake! We've been through this! The wangsters were playing with fire! How many more times did they want to test our luck? Definitely one more time!
"Check it out, puppet! Ya were distracted, so we got ready to order!" SlimJim informed me with a chuckle.
OK! Good for you! But what did I have to do with it? Why did they have to parade me in public for this? Questions upon questions and I got no answers. Instead, I noticed that we were standing in the drive-thru lane. I was staring straight at the menu board. What the fuck?
"Go ahead, bitch! Make yourself useful! Order for us." Sidewinder instructed me.
Come again? He had to be kidding! But it wasn't a joke, he was dead serious. I glared at the rowdy rookies, but they just grinned back at me. My look became pleading, but they started laughing in anticipation. Damnit!
"Ya wanna be a college cunt, or not?" Sidewinder asked cunningly. "Any coed's gotta be able to order!"
Oh jeez! Can you say pressure? The shady hunk took away all my excuses! After all, I had looked stupid enough for the day, so I was desperate to prove my competence. And yet, I didn't know what was more ridiculous: the idea that the guys wanted me to order naked or the fact that I'd actually do it. With my feelings torn, I huffed in disbelief while I crawled to the side door. Poking my head out of the banger bus, I got ready to order. Once in position, the phony punks began to tell me their requests one by one so I could shout their orders into the speaker.
Only then did I realize that this was a Hardcore Hamburgers joint. Oh my god! I had never set foot in this breastaurant chain before because it was famous for its sexist burger names and skanky waitress outfits. And of course, the loudmouths chose the burgers with the nastiest names. What a surprise... not!
"A vertical bacon sandwich with randy rings." I repeated the first order.
The innuendo was so on the nose that it made me shudder. Of course, the boys were hinting at my snatch with the floppy fuck flaps sticking out like bacon falling out of a vertical sandwich. Damnit! This was so cringe, alas it made my pussy throb!
"Two tuna tacos... oh oh... with sour... ow ow... with sour cream n French fries... ay ay..." My second order got interrupted by groans.
Hard to believe, but RealOne picked up where he left off. Placing his fat boner at my leaking lovebox, he skewered my snatch with no effort. I wrenched my eyes open as I felt the wedgehammer split my slit. This time, though, the filthy fatso slowed his pace to let me feel the full length of his shaft. This was fucking intense! Distracted by the sensations, I could only stammer and moan. In my dickdaze, I kept messing up the order, making a ton of mistakes. Gawd! As if the guys needed any more proof that I was too dumb to order food.
"So oh oh... sorriiieee... eeeh eeeh!" I corrected myself. "It's two tuna... ah ah... tacos... oh oh... with sour cream n tater twats..."
"One... ah ah... one sausage wallet n one... ah ah... one cherry muffin. I mean peach muffin. I mean sorriiieee... eeeh eeeh!" I repeated the third order while cringing from all the sexist names.
Needless to say, I made another mistake. And that surprised exactly no one! To save face, I insisted that it was caused by the distractions, but the wangsters knew better. They persisted that I was too stupid to do complicated things.
"Face it, bimbo! Ya can barely order food." Sidewinder harshly criticized my performance. "You'll never pass all exams with ya cunt. Just drop outta college already."
"Yeah, better start workin' here, pushin' fries n beer!" Bunboy added as cringey as ever. "Hardcore Hamburgers! Backdoor gangbangers! Shit looks up cha alley. Ya can do a promo on the daily. Get cha fame, cheerin' them burger names!"
"Yo, man! Them shit deffo fits! You're a hardcore hambanger already. Hehehe!" SlimJim picked up the thread to make another joke at my expense.
Oh man! This was outrageous, but I didn't have any counterarguments on my side. After all, it took me three attempts to place an order. When all was said and done, I was most relieved but didn't get any breathing room. While the minivan rolled up to the second station, the fierce fatso kept pounding my pussy. And of course, the guys left the door open. Fuck me!
And so, I stared at the food counter while we waited to be handed our order. To make matters worse, the banger bus was reflected in the glass pane, so I could see myself on all fours with RealOne towering over me and drilling his fat boner into my sopping snatch. With his full weight on me, I felt like he was literally nailing me into the floor of the van. With each thrust, my knees got pushed further apart and my body came closer to the floor. It was inevitable and there was nothing I could do about it except watch it happen! And so, I soon felt the rough carpet scraping the soft skin of my bomb-ass boobs. With another sensation added to the cocktail of feelings, it was too much! My orgasm came back knocking! After edging before, it was so powerful that it got me dickdrunk. My vision and hearing became blurry as my climax kept building until I was close! So close!
And then RealOne shot his spunk. Spurt after spurt splashed against the walls of my vagina until my cervix was clogged. As soon as his balls were empty, he lost interest. One second, I was flat on the floor with a fat body on top of me, the next second he was gone. And that was the moment I noticed movement at the food counter! The waitress was coming over. Oh no! The shock went through me and killed my climax! Damnit! Another ruined orgasm!
But that was the least of my worries! Plopping down on a bench, RealOne got out of sight. With the other wangsters occupying the second bench, I had no way to escape. And thus, my panic escalated! There were so many things to do that I didn't even know where to start. As dickdrunk as I was, it was hopeless anyway. And yet, I managed to reach for my top and pull it up. Just in time before the waitress arrived at the counter. At least, that was something... for a bimbo!
Of course, it was clear that it was my job to accept the order, so I leaned out of the minivan to take the food bag. To avoid causing a stir, I tried to act as normal as possible and smiled as friendly as I could at the waitress. But the woman frowned. I felt her gaze slide from my face to my neck. And that's where my smile ended. I had totally forgotten about my pearly necklace! Oh my god! Remember? SlimJim had spread his ball batter over my collarbone. The jizz had long since dried, but it still stuck there like pearls on the thread. And as cherry on top, there was Sidewinder and his cumshot. Even though he had busted his nut into my mouth, some spunk was sticking to the corners of my mouth. For fuck's sake!
The waitress saw my cumface! I was dying in the minivan! My embarrassment was boundless! I wanted the ground to swallow me up, but it was too late. As soon as I had accepted the package, SlimJim slammed the door shut and we drove on. But the damage was done! Now, I had definitely gotten a full dose of exhibitionism! Abso-fucking-lutely!
---Hardcore Hambanger acts lewd and crude in the nude---
That had been a hell of an adventure! And it had become clear that public exposure boosted my desire. So, my sexploration was complete. My promo tour, on the other hand, wasn't over yet. Understandably, the wangsters were hungry after all the banging. And so, they parked in the Hardcore Hamburgers parking lot before wolfing down their fast food. After the long day, I could have used something to eat too, but nobody asked me. So, I had to watch and sit idle.
At least, the bagger boys were nice enough to give me an extra task. Kneeling on the floor of the minivan, I had to play with my pussy and make myself cum before the guys finished their food. But it was no real contest! I was far too horny for that! After edging twice, I was more than ready to cum. So, I started wriggling and squirming on the floor real soon. I only needed one more flick of my clit and the climax would crash down on me! But then I felt a slap to the tit that stopped me in my tracks. Grabbing my arm, my hand got pulled from my leaking lovebox. Oh shit!
"Yo, bitch! I'm fuckin' finished! Don't cha see that?" RealOne chided me.
That was a total lie! I could see a few more fries in his bag! So, I raised a complaint! But the loudmouth had an excuse. Supposedly, the rest of the fries were meant for me. After all, sharing is caring and all that! Yeah, right... not! Since I didn't believe a word he said, the filthy fatso proved it by feeding me with his 'tater twats'! But first, he used the fries to scrape some spunk off my collarbone. And believe me, folks, the cold cumdip was yikes! It tasted gross as fuck and killed my climax for good, bringing the number of ruined orgasms to three. Jesus! At least, the boys got a kick out of it! And happy customers are the goal of every marketing campaign, so that was a plus!
Whatever! The wangsters had their fun, they had eaten and cum, so we were done. But wait! That wasn't true! The driver hadn't shot his seed yet. And that was a major faux pas on my part. After all, the gift was valid for all four guys. That's why I offered a nice, sloppy hummer, but a simple blowie in the minivan wasn't enough for Bunboy. Instead, he was in the mood for dessert. So, he decided to head into the burger place and get himself some sweets. Of course, I argued that he already had all the sweets he could handle at the ready, but he didn't go for it. Bummer!
And so, I found myself walking across the parking lot surrounded by four brazen braggarts. To be honest, I literally walked on eggshells. Not so much because of my high-heeled platform boots, but because I was nervous as hell. And for good reason! I was about to enter a restaurant with a group of wannabe gangsters by my side. Who knew who'd see me there! And who knew what I'd be doing there! These loudmouths were definitely taking exhibitionism to the next level! And I had put them up to it! This was like a self-fulfilling prophecy! Damnit!
Entering the Hardcore Hamburgers joint, I looked around anxiously. At first glance, I couldn't see anyone I knew. That was a good start! But it could change with a snap of the finger. Anyway, the boys bought themselves some soft serve. And when it was my turn, I came face to face with the waitress I knew from the counter. Her look said more than a thousand words and it made me blush. Considering the fact that she was wearing a super saucy breastaurant uniform, she was hardly in a position to judge! What a hypocrite! And yet, I had to force myself to order while the waitress was whispering with a colleague. It was all too clear what she was telling her, and it reinforced my embarrassment, so it took me even longer to order. What a vicious circle!
At long last, I had my order in hand, and it was a special sweet. Of course, I hadn't been allowed to choose myself, because the punk-ass pricks had given me clear specifications. And so, I had bought a 'twollipop'. The combination of twat and lollipop was totally obvious and so unsubtle that it made me roll my eyes. But whatever! I wasn't here for sophisticated sweets. Bet!
In the meantime, the wangsters had found a place to sit in the seating area. Occupying the booth, they only left the aisle chair for me. Whether I liked it or not, I had to sit on a silver platter for all the other guests to see. But I couldn't complain! That's what you get for begging a group of random rowdies to help you with your public disgrace. It figures!
So, it's safe to say that all eyes were on me! No wonder! After all, I was doing the most to suck the lollipop as obscene as possible. In truth, I was so dickdrunk that I couldn't even think of any other way. There seems to be a connection there. The more excited, the more vulgar! But my lewdness came in handy! After all, I figured that's what the boys wanted to see from the promo puppet. And I think that's my secret of success. I'm such a brilliant billboard bimbo because I'm a people pleaser. Period!
To make the most of it, I pursed my lips to a pouty mouth and sucked with smacking noises. Letting the lolly plop from my puckered lips, I created a loud pop and didn't stop until everybody could hear it. This was practically the definition of public indecency, wasn't it? I don't know why, but somehow, I was overcome with the urge to push my exhibitionism to the extreme. I guess, the attention made me do it! I'm that kind of attention whore!
"Ya like 'em lolly?" RealOne asked mischievously.
And I held my breath. I knew what he wanted to hear. But he couldn't be serious. Not in a public place! I looked at him pleadingly, but all I got in return was a shit-eating grin. So, I pushed the twollipop through my lips, deeper and deeper.
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" I choked in affirmation.
As you see, I remembered the gag code. The wangsters, however, had no clue what I was doing. And yet, it still had a huge effect. My gagging was loud enough for the guests at the neighboring tables to hear it. I could literally feel their astonishment. And then their surprise turned into outrage! Believe it or not, the people to my right got up and left the store. But not before giving me a bunch of indignant looks. Jesus! I almost fell off the chair in shock but caught myself by bursting into a loud giggle. Whatever! Haters gonna hate, right?
"Ya know why the lolly's called twollipop?" SlimJim asked me when the guests to my left had left as well.
Oh, come on, boys! Of course, I knew that it was a word combination. And still, the loudmouths laughed at my explanation.
"Hehehe! Ain't just a fuckin' combo." Sidewinder told me. "What's them shit called again?"
"A portmanteau n it ain't just for show!" Bunboy helped him out. "Them shit's for real! Got a specific meaning, not just a spiel."
"Yeah, man! It's a lolly shoved up a cunt n twisted till it's drenched in nookie nectar." His snakemate explained. "Should be easy enough to understand, even for a bimbo."
"Nah, dawg! For this bimbo, ya gotta spell shit out. That cunt chutney gotta get licked off, for real!" SlimJim added when he saw my quizzical look.
Holy shit! Up to this point, I had cooked up the tease myself. But this was a whole new level of salaciousness! And so, I panicked! Frantically looking around, I noticed that no one was sitting close by, so I was out of excuses. If I didn't do it now, I'd never do it at all! Period!
To be honest, this escalation of exhibitionism felt like the fitting conclusion to my day. After all my edging, I needed to get closer to my orgasm. It was so long in the making that I couldn't stand it any longer. My craving was overwhelming! I was ready to take the next step, no matter how dangerous or obscene. And so, I slid to the edge of the chair. Pushing my black booty shorts aside, I exposed my pussy. With one last look over my shoulder, I made sure that no one was watching. Then I slid the twolly in. As instructed, I turned it around several times while staring at the phony punks. As an extra tease, I even raised my eyebrows provocatively. Oh gawd! I looked so vulgar! And I can tell because it felt like I was watching myself from the outside. This was like an out-of-body experience. Promise!
And then I froze! With my legs open and the twolly in my cunt, I saw a pair of new customers heading in our direction. They couldn't get any closer! No way! They couldn't take a seat next to us! Please not! That would be the end! It would blow my cover. I hadn't escaped the police, only to be caught the next week. You couldn't have that kind of bad luck, could you?
With every step they took, my pussy pulsed. With every inch they advanced, my orgasm came closer. And then they turned around and sat down on the other side of the seating area. They were too far away to see me or my pussy. And so, I got lucky for once! Reacting fast as fuck, I pulled the twollipop out of my cunt. That was enough excitement for the day! But wait! The lolly was coated with cuntjuices and it couldn't stay like that. My pride as a promo puppet forbade it! So, I didn't hesitate. Acting on impulse, I began to suck.
"Aight! No time to dilly-dally! Time for the finale!" Bunboy exclaimed as he finished his soft serve.
And with that, the driver grabbed my hand and pulled me off the chair. It wasn't until he was standing next to me that I noticed how big he really was. Not just tall but also real ripped, like a Lankenstein. That only made it more surreal to hear him constantly dropping rhymes. Usually, the small ones are the loud ones, right?
Anyway, he instantly led me through the burger joint. Taking me by surprise, I could only stumble along. Of course, my sky-high platform boots made loud clacking sounds that didn't go unheard. And so, all eyes were back on me! This screwed up the guy's plan to slink away unnoticed. Stopping in his track, he improvised. Whispering into my ear, he told me his grand plan. And he didn't even rhyme it! The lanky loudmouth wanted me to head for the restrooms while he went out of the restaurant. Walking around the building, he'd reenter from the other side, so we could meet in the bathroom unnoticed. Damn! That was a hell of a bold plan! But it could work! I must admit that the boisterous blowhard was smarter than I gave him credit for. His idea was a lot more elaborate than anything I could think of, dickdrunk or not.
Unfortunately, Bunboy didn't tell me where to wait, in the men's or women's room. But fortunately, there was an accessible toilet. So, I stepped inside and left the door ajar. Waiting for the big braggart, I sat on the toilet lid and pulled down my top to free my boobs. If that wasn't a warm welcome! Staring at the door, I hoped that no other customer would enter. No way, I could take another embarrassment! And rightfully, my heart was beating superfast. Bet!
Finally, the door opened. I held my breath! My anxiety was at an all-time high! What if it was an employee? I'd get kicked out and banned from a breastaurant! What if it was the waitress? I'd die of shame sitting on a public toilet! Imagine that!
But it was the lanky loudmouth. What a relief! I never imagined I could be so happy to see a wannabe tough guy in the flesh. With my nervousness draining away, I realized that my horniness was at its peak. The danger of the situation mixed with the orgasm denials and made for a combustible cocktail! This public exposure was the perfect stuff to bring my excitement to an all-time high! Facts!
As I was distracted by my pulsing pussy, Bunboy closed the door. Pulling down the zipper of his sweatpants, he took out his cock. When I saw his stiff shaft, I slid right off the toilet and fell to my knees. I couldn't help it! In my dickdrunk state, a boner was the same to me as a carrot on a stick was to a donkey. Honestly, the sheer sight was enough to make my mouth water. What a Pavlovian reaction!
And so, I hastily crawled towards the tempting tool. Even though I had been waiting in the restroom for quite a while, I hadn't noticed the floor. The tiles were ultra-greasy and totally rancid! The floor hadn't seen a mop in way too long. It was fucking disgusting! But it was too late now. Even if my hands got dirty, I could always give the wicked wangster a no-hands blowjob! And so, I crossed my arms behind my back and lunged forward like I was literally snatching at a bone.
"Hehehe! Ya like that, don't cha?" Lankenstein remarked as he watched me slurp away all too eagerly. "Give a bitch a real sucker, she'll start waggin' her tail like a good fucker."
Damn, this was belittling as hell but also motivating as fuck! And it worked! I began to suck on his cock as vigorous as I could. Truth be told, the term carrot was a perfect description, because the shaft was thicker at the base and became narrower towards the head. That made it real long, so it quickly found its way into my throat.
"But damn! What a shithole, man!" Bunboy suddenly exclaimed. "Can you explain... why this place's gone down the fuckin' drain!"
Please, what? There was a beautiful blonde kneeling in front of this boisterous blowhard sucking his dick. And yet, he had nothing better to do than look at the room and give decorating tips? So disrespectful! But it made me realize a simple truth: Even though I looked like an unattainable supermodel, the punk-ass pricks saw me as nothing more than a freely available fucktool. After everything that had happened, they took me for granted and barely paid attention to me! Seen one billboard bimbo, seen them all, right? Not right! I couldn't let that stand! I was too good and too pretty for that! Bet!
So, how did I react? I fucked my face even harder and deeper on the fuckstick. Real deliberate, I sucked super sloppy and gagged extra noisily, hoping the sick sounds would get the big boy's attention. But far from it!
"Good maneuver, suckin' it like a certified hoover." The wicked wangster exclaimed. "Still ain't wanna touch a thang... with a pair of pliers in here, man!"
And that was it! I'd had enough! No one could listen to this whining.
"C'mon, dude! You care so much 'bout your surroundings, then bend me over n fuck me! No cap! Take me hard n get it over with! A hundo p!" I threw a hissy fit.
Oh wow! That was totally out of character for me. But it was justified! After all, I was the main attraction here and deserved the full star treatment! Accordingly, I was totally infuriated. But more than that, I was extremely horny. I couldn't wait to get my snatch stuffed. After all the denials, I needed an orgasm. Period!
"So, ya look like an arby barbie. That's for real! But cha wanna be treated like a filthy fuck. That's the deal!" Bunboy took up the thread.
"It's settled then. Place looks like a shithole, it's only fittin' ya take it up ya stinkhole." The big blowhard deducted.
Thanks, but no thanks! That's not what I meant! His conclusion was totally wrong!
"Oh yikes! You're confusing something! You wanna go to pussy paradise. Bet!" I tried to convince him otherwise. "You wanna enter my velvet vault n find my treasure trove. A hundo p! You gonna forget all 'bout shitholes! Promise!"
"Nah, ya filthy floozy! No sloppy seconds for me." The lanky loudmouth called me out. "Too much greed, ya got cha cunt loaded with seed. Them shit's on you! That's so true!"
"Make no mistake! I'm a bonafide stud, lettin' ya quake." His voice got implacable. "But my way, it's the Hershey highway!"
And that was the end of the debate. There was no more time for discussions because the ungentle giant pushed me forward until we reached the sink. For a second, I looked at myself in the cracked mirror and saw the panic on my face. But then he bent me over the sink until I had to grab onto the wash basin. It was just as dirty as the tiles but better than kneeling in front of a toilet bowl. Definitely so!
But then my attention was diverted from the restroom to the long dong between my butt cheeks. Even though my cute, little butthole was nice and tight again, I had sworn to save it for special occasions. And this was the opposite of special! It was a public restroom, for fuck's sake! It was a wannabe tough guy, for crying out loud! There was so much wrong with this. Facts!
In panic, I grabbed the sink real tight. As I brazed myself, Lankenstein pressed his cock against my butthole. And I held my breath! But my ass muscle was too tight! Like a springboard, the tip of the dick bounced right off. As if it were a trampoline! That was a near miss! But I wasn't so sure if that was a good or a bad thing! Of course, Bunboy retried. He stabbed and he stabbed again. Repeatedly, he rammed his stick against my sphincter, but each time my assring bounced the intruder off. With every push, his dick stretched my stinkring wider, but it wasn't enough. Looks like the anal training made me stronger or rather made my ass muscle stronger. Who'd have thunk it?
And yet, the big braggart didn't give up so easily. Changing his approach, he went for pressure instead of speed. And so, he placed the tip of his dick at my reardoor. Slow and steady, he increased the pressure until his dickhead slipped into my rectal portal. He was in! And instantly, he resumed the stabbing. With more force than ever, he slammed his battering ram against my postern gate. And then my escape hatch gave way. I screamed as the long dong slid inside. This was savage! But it was successful! He had conquered my mud dungeon!
And now, there was no turning back! Bunboy began to pump away. After the a-train at the 'booze-n-bitches' party, me and my bunghole knew the feeling of getting stretched open. But it was still an unfamiliar sensation that made me grunt deep and animalistic. With the resistance broken, however, my anal walls gave way real quick. Faster than expected, the long dong slid smoothly in and out of my loosened ass. Gawd! There was no denying it. My butthole was broken in! Jesus! What a nasty thought. And rightfully, it was enough to bring me to the brink of orgasm. Promise!
But it wasn't enough to push me over the edge! Mostly, because the shape of the dick came into play. The deeper the cock entered my butt chute, the more it widened my ass pipe. The harder the blowhard pounded my bunghole, the wider he stretched out my dirtring. My ass muscle struggled as it clutched the stem fiercely and squeezed the shaft savagely. Gosh! That was fucking intense! The pleasure in my pussy and the intensity in my booty hit different! It created an all-consuming cocktail that made me forget my surroundings! I could only focus on the boner ravaging my rectum. It was intoxicating and made me crave for more. And so, I loosened my grip on the sink. My hand crept between my legs and began rubbing my clit fucking furious. It took my arousal to a whole other level! At the same time, though, my knees became wobbly, and my legs began to give way.
And that's when it became real inopportune that I had only one hand to hold on to the sink. My torso slowly sagged down until my terrific titties were hanging in the dirty sink. That shit was gross! Yikes! But it didn't matter because I no longer cared if the restroom was a dirty shithole. Quite the opposite! I was totally dickdumb! And so, I only cared about my personal shithole. I even began to encourage the big braggart to properly ravish my rectum. In fact, the sordid surroundings only reinforced the lewdness of the situation, heating up the pleasure and making me even more dickdumb. Facts!
And then it happened! I lost my balance and slipped off the sink. My face landed on the tiles while the lanky loudmouth continued drilling my dirtbox without interruption. Feeling the grime on my cheeks was the ultimate trigger! All the pent-up passion broke out of me. Like lightning, my climax hit me. Like thunder, my orgasm rippled through me. Wave after wave of pleasure washed over my body. It made my sphincter spasm so hard that it practically milked the blowhard's shaft.
Of course, the ungentle giant couldn't stand the heat. The pressure was too much, and he erupted with a loud groan, unloading his sticky spunk deep into my ass. Never before had I felt such a flood! My bunghole quivered as I bucked my ass, grinding the ball batter deep into my ass pipe. Once again, my anal tank got filled to the brim! Jesus Christ!
But wait! Suddenly I felt a tug on my hair. Rough as fuck, I got pulled up and turned around. Something hit my face! It was the long dong! And surprise! It was still hard! How could this be? I didn't get time to ask. Instead, Bunboy took a step forward, forcing me to lean backwards. First, my naked ass hit the floor, then I braced my hands on the tiles behind my back to stop my fall.
What a nasty position! My fantastic funbags stuck out from my chest, looking obscene as hell! And yet, Lankenstein wasn't in the mood for titties. Instead, he concentrated on my mouth. Standing over me, he drove his cock right through my lips. I yelped when I noticed the bitter taste. The dick was coming straight from my ass! Shit, like literally! I had never done ass-to-mouth before! And I never wanted to start it, either!
But it was too late now! The rancid taste assaulted my senses while the big braggart drove his long dong down my throat. In his position, he dropped his dick from high above, like a plunger into a clogged toilet. How fitting! Believe me, folks, this was as disgusting as it sounds! And for good reason, since it caused my mouth to overflow! I gagged and whimpered! I drooled and slobbered! Throat slime erupted from my face, sprayed out of my mouth, and splashed down onto my cheeks like a fountain of spit. This wasn't just gross, it was perverse!
And yet, it didn't feel like it. Instead, I took it as a compliment. Obviously, I made the wicked wangster so horny that he had multiple orgasms and came twice because that's exactly what happened! He didn't take long but came a few thrusts later. With a loud grunt the blowhard blew his load hard. Pulling out, he blasted a second spermshot onto my face. Oh wow! It was massive... for a second cum charge! The first glob of goo exploded on my right cheek. The second jizz jet left a long, thick string above my nose and the third spunk splash hit my upper lip. Now, I definitely had a cumface! Facts!
"Ya know, tacky tart... every public banging got an inherent part!" Bunboy told me when he got his breath back.
"Let cha face do the talk! Shit ain't complete without a cumwalk!" He enlightened me. "Ya ain't no spitter! Ya ain't no quitter... rite?"
Oh boy! No pressure! Once again, I had rushed headlong into ruin. Let this be a lesson for you, girl! You have to get your babbling under control and fast. You can't go on like this, talking off the top of your head whenever you're horny. This is going to get you into hot water sooner than later. That's what I should have told myself, but I was still too dickdumb for that. Sorry, not sorry!
Anyway, I didn't have time for lessons. I had to finish what I had started. Otherwise, I'd lose face, like literally! And that would be even more embarrassing! Besides, I couldn't risk the wangsters snitching to my boss. I had a marketing campaign to slay, or I'd lose my job! Period!
And so, my exhibitionistic experience came to a fitting end. It was beyond surreal when I got up from the ground and stepped out of the restroom! I felt like I was in a movie when I walked through the breastaurant! As if I had walked into a Hardcore Hamburgers Hut and woke up in an amateur video on pornhub. The thick, white cum was sticking to my face and slowly dripping down onto my green crop top. And yet, my feet took one step after the other. It happened on its own, without my doing. Safe!
Of course, I went straight to the wangster's table. I wanted to look down at the ground to hide my face, but I couldn't move anything except my feet. The brazen braggarts noticed my cumface immediately. Reacting with loud cheers, they made all other customers aware. And with that, all eyes were on me! Again! These fucking punks!
Even from afar, some of the customers must have noticed my disheveled appearance. No doubt about it! But I couldn't tell because I simply blanked out the rest of the people. Instead, I focused all my attention on the banger boys. With the guys in tow, I left the hamburger hut on the shortest path possible. I would have expected to run, but the opposite was true! For some reason, I was walking extra slow, letting the heels of my prostiboots clank extra loud. In the end, I was pretty sure that all the customers noticed my cumwalk. But whatever! I started to bask in the smut, and it made me horny again. Oh man! I was such a greedy girl!
I'm not proud of it, but I was low-key disappointed when I was back on the banger bus. The walk of (cum)fame had been amazing! I had no idea who had seen me! I had no clue if somebody had recognized me. But I was sure the blond bimbo would be the talk of the town! The uncertainty was next level! And the suspense turned me on tremendously. That's the kind of freak I am! Deal with it!
---Cumface gets caught---
The drive back to the mall was almost boring. The punk-ass pricks were exhausted, and their balls were empty. So, they chilled while letting me scrape the sperm off my face and swallow it. By contrast, the smuttiness had reenergized me. And so, I was ready for another round. Promise!
Back at the mall, the stores were closing. And yet, Mr. von Stein was still there, having a drink with his golfmate. Believe it or not, they knew all about the action. The guys must have formed a chat group or something like that. Whatever! He informed me that his fat-ass luxury car needed a good wash. Apparently, I had spilled some pussyjuice over his fine leather seats. So, I got the order to take his SUV to the carwash and have it professionally cleaned. The emphasis was on professional because he didn't trust a bimbo with his expensive toys. Go figure!
But damnit! Still no closing time for the promo puppet. Marketing was definitely hard work! With little motivation, I found myself walking across the parking lot. As I was about to get in my boss' car, I felt a hand on my shoulder. Turning around, I saw a man standing behind me.
And my heart stopped. Oh fuck! My jaw dropped. Oh shit! It was my neighbor! And he had seen my cumwalk...
Nuff said! My day with the dirty dawgs was over. But the consequences would linger for a long time! I had been exposed... by a neighbor! Now, I have to find a way out of the discoveryzone. So, I'm asking all my followers out there: Do any of you have an idea on how to keep a neighbor silent? If you do, please share it with your friendly spermwalker!