I was picking up my briefcase to get ready to leave my office when the phone started ringing.
An implosive hollowness was enunciated inside me when I heard Melina's voice on the other end of the line, who was inviting me to a dinner, she was very specific when she said that it was a matter of strict etiquette and emphasized that she expected absolute punctuality from me to meet her at her house at 10 pm.
I had a couple of hours left to get ready, go home to get my tuxedo and then go to Melina, with whom I had only gone out on two occasions, and this took place in very crowded social events and it was impossible for me to deny the immense attraction that this beautiful architect exerted on me.
It was during a charity event in which a mutual friend made the introductions, the elegance and sophistication of that beautiful brunette, added to her gifts of great conversationalist and her sensual manners produced a deep and fantastic dreamlike state, which went from fascination to rapture and back.
A minute before 10 p.m. I was at the door of Melina's beautiful house that she herself designed with elements of the Bauhaus school and some evocations of Frank Lloyd Wright's style where the construction merges in an organic way to the landscape integrating the unity of those elements with the human being.
Melina personally greeted me at the entrance, she emanated the iridescent essence of the golden age of Hollywood, seeing her in that black dress that exposed the beauty of her shoulders, smiling radiant and looking at me with those expressive eyes, it was inevitable for me to think of Greta Garbo, beautiful, sophisticated and at times unattainable. She smilingly invited me in, I felt like a privileged mortal entering the Olympus.
She poured me a drink and gave me a tour of that beautiful house where everything kept a respectful relationship with its surroundings, balancing the organic and the manifest beauty expressed by human creativity.
"To dwell means; Docility to the gods." -Said Melina while she held in her hand a glass with scotch on the rocks and her face induced me to the feminine charm of the adjacent enigma in the grammar of her spirit.
My eyes were recreated in the contemplation of Melina, in the voluptuous harmony immersed in that environment that meekly adorned the beauty of this interesting woman, who for some reason privileged me with her choice to keep her company in an intimate and elegant evening that would take place precisely in the Olympus of her personal creation.
Melina got up from the soft leather sofa to answer the phone that began to ring, she kept her calm elegance unchanged while she spoke and gave directions, she walked around the room sounding with her heeled footsteps on that fine wooden stave, my eyes did not stop escorting her in the cadenced movement that pivoted in the lightness that outlined her waist over the resolute femininity of her hips, in that point where the border between her elegant and tight dress was traced, with that dream enunciated in the softness of the skin of her back.
At the end of her call, I could feel her so close to me as she whispered in my ear;
-The telephone can be so inopportune at times! It doesn't respect how intimate the moment between two spirits recognizing each other can be. It just randomly chooses its advent to barge into your moments. It's almost violent the way it comes to break an atmosphere." -Melina said as the distance between our faces was delimited by the scent of her perfume, immediately her right arm stretched haughtily across the room wielding a small device, Insensatez would begin to play in Astrud Gilberto's voice.
Melina sighed with her eyes closed, as if the music were the waves moved by the tide of time and she somehow could rule them at will as she flowed through that dance of fleeting reality.
"One moment we are, we love, we lose ourselves after we belong.
We scatter like stardust, contemplating an instant in the infinity, of the wilted silence in your eyes and from here, I watch as you enter the brightness of mine."
Melina finished pronouncing those caresses, while I surrendered to the sway of the enchantment of her eyes. She was leaning over me, close enough to confess a secret. She immediately stood up at the sound of the door and headed in that direction to greet a smiling presence, whose spontaneous arrival and irrepressible gaze would light up the evening.
"Honey, I hope you don't mind giving me a few minutes to settle a matter of my work with Marlene, I promise to make it up to you!" -Melina said in a kind tone to which I couldn't refuse.
My eyes met those big brown eyes of stunning brilliance framing the face of the beautiful newcomer. An electrifying sensation vibrated in the atmosphere indicating something that could be defined as; Lust at first sight.
Melina was introducing me to Marlene, a talented architect recently graduated from the Technische Universität Münich, whose virtues and skills were matched by her beauty. Her wavy brown hair flashed in an updo and a brooch, her big eyes in complicity with her luminous smile seemed to have no intention of letting go of me.
There was a great energetic vibration in that room as I watched from the sofa as Melina pointed out some things to Marlene on the plan she was presenting to her. Silently I noticed the way in which both women, for an instant, seemed to separate their gaze on the plans that occupied them to direct to me each one separately, smiling, a luminous glance, Marlene's at times could feel incisive and even penetrating, as if she had the firm desire to find the foundations of the architecture of my mind with the intention of analyzing them. Melina's gaze opened up different readings that my silence could not fully interpret.
I continued to recreate my gaze on those two women leaning over the table analyzing some blueprints, for an instant I seemed to hear the rubbing of the nylon of Marlene's stockings, under the table I could appreciate the subtle movement of her thighs coming together, echoing in her legs, at the rhythm in which she was biting her lower lip when she looked at me.
You could be dazzled by the glittering sparkle of the diamond choker that hung around Melina's neck, a fraction of the enigma housed in her cleavage revealed itself, we exchanged smiles and her eyes suggested a hefty reward for my patience before the necessary pause to our evening, I felt the way she hinted with her expression how unforgettable it could be for us.
-"Honey, could you get Marlene and me a glass of wine?" -Melina said and then stood up to point me in the direction of a nearby small wine cellar located down a corridor, she asked me for a bottle of Spanish wine; a 1982 vintage Marques De Riscal. I went to comply with his request, it would take me a few minutes to find a couple of bottles that matched the request. I was so focused on the wine that it was impossible for me to hear anything beyond my thoughts, until I felt the soft caress of Melina's hand on my arm and heard her voice whisper in my ear:
-"Do you mind if Marlene joins us for dinner? She is a very sweet girl as well as an excellent conversationalist."
I couldn't refuse, I just felt Melina's body very close to me, her velvety hands caressing my arm and the delicate touch of her breasts on my back while her lips left their imprint on my cheek.
- "Thank you sweetheart! We're almost done, I'll go set another place in the dining room." -Said Melina As my eyes followed her gliding in the partial darkness of that corridor in the direction of the room, the way her sensuality was manifest in her gait, I could get nervous just glimpsing her feminine silhouette. I sighed and set out to continue with my errand.
In the same way I could easily find some glasses, I went back to the room where after opening the bottle, I got ready to pour the wine, and I could feel Marlene's gaze on me, as I approached with the glasses, the sparkle in her eyes intensified and at the same time I could perceive a certain nervousness in her who began to blush as Melina smiling approached me, and extended her hand to receive the glasses.
I felt again the imprint of her lips on my other cheek as a sign of gratitude, our eyes met and a luminous expression on her face stopped the time around us, I was at the mercy of the empire of her smile.
-Now dear, pour yourself a drink and come to the table, dinner is almost ready, first I want the three of us to drink a toast," said Melina.
I poured myself a drink and was standing by the dining room, and in a blink attracted by Marlene's gaze, I stopped my attention on her, I saw her blushing, emanating a peculiar air of shyness with certain hints of resolution, it was very peculiar how perceptive I was at that moment, I could describe that instant as a flow of emotions that emanated from Marlene at first, they vibrated in the strings of my being and resonated in contrast with Melina's at the instant I noticed a surprising change in Marlene's attire.
Her wavy brown hair rested freely on her bare shoulders, the spell of her eyes captured mine, a shy expression on her face invited me to contemplate the rest of her angelic and partial nudity, barely covered by the brevity of a light fabric that let me glimpse the firm presence of the water lilies adorning her breasts and a humid secret in the temple of Venus was eager to reveal itself, despite some confusion and the reticence of its bearer.
Moved by an impulse of Chivalry, I was unable to comment anything about our guest and her attire, I only sketched a jubilant smile that showed my uncontainable contemplative joy. Melina looked at me with a certain playful expression, moving with feline movements until she was right behind Marlene to whom she seemed to whisper something in her ear and then looked back at me with a mischievous smile.
In the blink of an eye, Melina's hands made the lightness of the fabric that provided a subtle garment to Marlene's now naked figure fall, filling my eyes with her stylized feminine forms of glorious nature, it was exquisite the sensation that she transmitted of shyness and at the same time it was evident in her the pleasure that being observed produced in her, her smile manifested the enjoyment of the way in which my emotions appreciated her.
Melina's voice brought my attention back to the mischievous eloquence that radiated from her beautiful face with expressive eyes.
My perception of time seemed altered, again I felt as if it stopped its march for an instant, inside me was manifest the absence of that fraction of time which would have escaped with Melina's dress, who walked towards me, smiling with nothing else on her porcelain skin but the scent of her perfume, the sparkle of her diamonds and a glass of wine in her hand. The absolute freedom of her skin was matched by the freedom of her brown hair waving glistening in her gait.
The divinity of her hips swayed in contrast to the calmness of her well groomed reddish brown pubic bush, the syncopated agitation of her soft round breasts with pink areolas, emanated an influx over the harmonies of my concupiscent heartbeat dulling any sound that could manifest itself.
We were a breath away from each other, Melina would place one hand on one of my shoulders and the other, she took my hand. I let myself be carried away by the empire of her gaze and we found ourselves wrapped in a waltz, immersed in the dream of her skin.
My hand was recreating itself on the soft texture of her hip and our eyes seemed to melt in a shared glow.
-"Let's go back to the table dear, dinner is served." -Melina said as she took my hand and I led her to her chair in the dining room.
The qualities of the dishes were only surpassed by the generous company of Melina and Marlene who regaled me with the opulence of their glorious nudity and a pleasant conversation that would cover the fine arts up to the classical period, where the divine presence was palpable in every artistic expression.
My hostess got up to lead me by the hand to a room where I could carefully contemplate some paintings from Melina's collection, all of them with motifs in the classical period and were lovingly arranged in such a way that you could read a story in them. In the center of the room was a peculiar sculpture, which was a very free interpretation of Atlas and by that I mean that he was not carrying the world on his shoulders. He stood upright with his arms in a position very similar to an embrace, in front of the pedestal was another of equal dimensions and I found intriguing the absence of the complementary sculpture to that Atlas, which by logic would be wrapped in the strength of those arms.
- "Isn't my Atlas a marvel?" -Said Melina as she approached me raising her glass in an express sign of making a toast, our glasses met as did our gazes as we said Cheers!
- "Marlene, don't be shy and come and toast with us!" -Said Melina.
We were in front of the sculpture of Atlas whose dimensions and shapes perfectly resembled those of a strong adult man, it was incredible how even the smallest detail of the male anatomy was reproduced on a block of Carrara marble paying homage to the Greek style in the classical era and that would flourish again during the Renaissance.
Melina was too modest to admit the compliments I gave to such an impressive work, for a moment I saw her blush as soon as I came to hint to her with my eyes that she was the author. In response she lovingly embraced me with her nudity and the imprint of her lips, was molded on mine.
- "You are very perceptive honey, let's just say I got a lot of help from a dear friend of great talents." -Said Melina sweetly a whisper in my ear.
Marlene was already among us, holding her wine glass, standing just to one side of the sculpture.
-"Atlas was a titan in Greek mythology, condemned by Zeus to hold up the celestial vault, he would decant his passions into two women; in front is Pleione, a nymph daughter of the ocean and with whom Atlas would conceive the seven Pleiades, who would adorn the night sky."
During that part of the story, my eyes were lost under the charm of Marlene's voice and gaze, who was being silently caressed by Melina's velvety hands, I could marvel at the moment when Marlene introduced the sweetness of her naked body between Atlas' arms, the right one lodged the smooth back of the young woman who in her movements seemed to be caressed by the marble sculpture and stopped just at the instant, She adopted a very amorous position, lavishing caresses with her intriguing hands pregnant with a playful resolution, her firm breasts seemed to enlarge as her body became erect, her nipples hardened against the muscular torso of the bearer of the celestial vault on whose shoulder Marlene rested her head sighing and rested her pubis on one of the thighs of the Atlantean.
An attitude of resigned nostalgia was perceived for the days she would spend loving the mighty titan, prior to the fateful instant when Perseus showed her the head of Medusa, causing her petrified and perennial present condition.
-Atlas would also love Hesperis, one of the goddesses of time, under her power is the sunset, with whom he would conceive the Hesperides, nymphs of the sunset that reign the night," said Melina at the moment when the soft porcelain skin in sensual movements led to be on the pedestal located behind Atlas' back, where her feminine nudity basked in the touch of the corpulence of that mythological presence materialized in marble, she subtly shaped her breasts against the muscular back while her pubis drew caresses on the buttocks of the inert titan, her hands tirelessly toured that anatomy, one of them lingered on the scrotum and played with the marble penis, in a desperate dance to awaken the greatness of the titan at rest. "
Melina would finish the story and keep her right hand there, lovingly resting her head resignedly on the back of the motionless Atlantean and her left hand would rest on Atlas' shoulder, resigned to watch over his nights.
In the blink of an eye I was enveloped by the touch of those feverish bodies, just as they poured their passions on the marble before my eyes and now my senses perceived the intensity of the flame that two deities lavished on my spirit, taking me to the confines of the cosmos, pronouncing their caresses in an eternal luminous voluptuousness that consumed the accumulation of my virile yearnings in the playful hand of Hesperis and the incontinent lips of Pleyone, generated an intense radiance where I flowed impregnated by the mythology of their ecstatic unified femininities.
When the Aurora arrived, I witnessed the moment when they regained their human condition and I managed to understand that principle that says:
The eternal feminine, will always take us to the heights, burns in our passions and can sometimes transmute man from being a god to a sculpture.