He was sitting in the bar of a Chicago hotel on Michigan Avenue chatting with a young, married couple from California. Pete was a slim but thick-chested married man in his mid-40s visiting the city on business. The couple, especially the husband, was already ennroute to being shitfaced. Pete, on the other hand, was only beginning to feel loose halfway through his second gin and tonic. Alicia, the wife, had light brown skin, shoulder-length wavy black hair, and voluptuous breasts that bounced inside her lowcut black dress every time she laughed. Her husband Mark was tan, fit, handsome, taller than Pete, and an undeniable douchebag.
"Dude, look around this place. Is my wife not the hottest chick in here, bro?" Pete, realizing Mark was absolutely correct, simply shrugged and nodded in agreement. "She's fuckin' hot, bro," Mark reiterated, gesturing for Pete to take her in. Alicia smiled with feigned embarrassment and leaned over to reveal as much of her cleavage as she could while taking a sip of her drink. "Baby, stand up and turn around...show him your ass. Dude, she has a perfect ass you have to check it out." Alicia rolled her eyes and slowly slid out of her stool before turning around and seductively shaking her backside. Her dress was tight enough to form and frame the shape of her perky cheeks, and Pete could just make out the outline of a thong. "Isn't that nice, man?"
"Yes, it is," Pete agreed. "Wish I could see it better, though. It's a little dark in here." Alicia and Mark exchanged a glance that indicated an unspoken understanding. She smiled and widened her eyes as Mark smiled back, nodding.
"Do you really want to see it better?" Mark asked as Pete raised an eyebrow. "Babe, do you want this guy to see it?" She giggled and nodded. "Come up to our room for another drink, dude," he insisted.
Pete contemplated what they had in mind. "Don't get me wrong, I want to," he said. "But, I am married, and I don't think my wife would be too happy about that."
"About what?" he asked. "Listen, dude. You are not gonna fuck my wife, okay? That's not even gonna be an option. But if you wanna come be entertained, we both enjoy an audience. Especially when it's someone we're never gonna see again, you know?" He was slurring his words and seemed like he could barely keep his eyes open. "What your wife don't know won't hurt her, am I right?" Pete finally shook his head and laughed before finishing his drink and agreeing to accompany them.
In the elevator, Mark began kissing Alicia and feeling her up. "Mark," she sang, "just wait til we get to the room." He continued to kiss her neck and squeeze her tits, sliding the shoulder straps of her dress down until her huge, natural breasts spilled out. She let him kiss his way to her brown nipples and, as he began sucking on them, looked at Pete with delight and laughed quietly. When the elevator door opened she walked to their room with her tits bouncing and jiggling freely. Mark squeezed her ass as he walked behind her, pulling her dress up to expose her further. Her ass was smooth and flawless, with a small birthmark on one cheek, the strap of her thong invisible as she strutted seductively down the hallway. Mark staggered and swerved, practically falling into the door as he unlocked it.
Inside the room Mark poured shots of vodka, took his and collapsed backwards on the large king-sized bed with his legs dangling off the end. Alicia took hers, tits and ass still hanging out, and continued to dance around the room and bounce playfully as she searched through her phone for some music. When Rick James' "Give it to me, Baby" began, Mark yelled "Yeah, give it to me, baby!" as he kicked his shoes off and fumbled with his belt, attempting to undo his pants. Sensing her window of opportunity fading, Alicia quickly slipped out of her dress and kneeled at the edge of the bed between his legs to help Mark pull his pants and underwear off. "Hey, bro, you wanna watch her suck this dick," he said as he flopped his semi-flacid penis back and forth. Despite the fact that it was average at best, he handled it like it weighed ten pounds. Pete's cock was beginning to grow and swell in his pants as he gulped down the vodka and watched Alicia taken him into her mouth.
Her head bobbed up and down enthusiastically as Pete listened to her intermittently slapping her husband's dick against her tongue and mouth. She climbed onto the bed next to her husband and began stroking his shaft, but Mark was passing out. She fought to keep the cock hard as she began sucking on his balls and moved back to working on his deflating cock. Alicia glanced at Pete in annoyance, and after another minute of sucking the life out of his pathetically limp dick, she finally gave up. "Goddamnit, Mark. What the fuck." She looked at Pete and covered her breasts with her forearm, looking genuinely embarassed. "I'm sorry," she said. "I guess this isn't really gonna work out....Sorry." She covered her face with her hands and started crying quietly.
"Whoa, it's okay. You don't have to cry. I'll leave, don't worry," Pete said, even though he now had a raging hard-on.
"No, it's just that he has all these exciting ideas and talks so much shit, then gets so drunk he just passes out. What kind of guy invites a total stranger to a hotel room to watch him fuck his wife. No offense..."
"No, I get it," Pete said reassuringly. "I am a total stranger. I could be a total psychopath..."
"No, I don't think that," she said with a tearful smile. "You seem really sweet. Like when you said you didn't want to hurt your wife, that's so sweet. Guys just aren't like that anymore." Alicia wiped her tears and tried to laugh through them.
Pete tensed. "I mean, I don't think those were my exact words, I appreciate that...But I am sitting in a hotel room with a beautiful, practically naked woman watching her give what looks like a pretty fucking spectacular blowjob," he said. "Or trying to, anyway."
She tossed her hair and shrugged, wiping her eyes again. "Well, still...you seem nice. I kind of wish Mark was more like you honestly." Pete looked at her husband's limp dick as his own throbbed. Alicia looked Pete up and down and slowly moved her arm away from her breasts. Pete's hard cock stretched along the inseam of his pants. Her eyes widened as she noticed the bulging mass.
"Um...Maybe...I don't know." She was clearly searching for the right words. "I don't know even how to say it...can I watch you, you know...touch it?" Pete smiled, clearly enticed by the thought.
"And what about you?" he responded. "Are you gonna show me anything else if I do?"
"Maybe," she said, barely above a whisper, before gulping nervously. Pete moved closer to the bed, glancing at her passed out husband.
"Ok then..." He slowly undid his belt buckle and unizipped his pants, then unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it off, revealing a defined, strong physique. Alicia kneeled on the bed watching him, running her fingertips along her bikini line. He slowly lowered his pants to reveal his swollen, dangling cock. She made an audible groan when she saw it, then leaned back on the bed and slid her panties down. Her body was completely shaved, with perfectly shaped pussy lips that parted slightly to reveal her moist, pink softness. She stretched her leg out with her panties dangling from her ankle, attemtping to drop them to the floor. Pete reached out and pulled them off her foot, then held them to his face and inhaled her intoxicating aroma. Realizing the crotch of her panties was already soaked, he put them in his mouth and sucked the moisture from them as he jerked his hardening cock.
"Oh, fuck. You bad boy," she said. "Are you sniffing and licking my dirty panties?" She gasped the words between sharp breaths, her hands gliding unconsciously to her clit.
"Mmmhmmm. And you're the nasty little slut who likes watching me do it, aren't you..." He took her panties and rubbed them all over his cock and balls, then began jacking off with them, being sure to rub as much precum on them as he could.
"Yes...sir." She was already quivering as she rubbed herself more vigorously, lying on her back and staring now only at his bulging cockhead. Hearing herself call a man who wasn't her husband "sir" made her even wetter. Mark, meanwhile, had started snoring. "Tell me what to do, please," she whispered.
"Hmmm," Pete said, obviously beginning to enjoy her game. "I think you need to address me properly, young lady."
She caught on quickly. "Please, sir, tell me what to do to myself. I'll do anything you want me to, sir." He stepped closer to the edge of the bed until he was stroking his cock right above her spread pussy lips. She moaned.
"I want you to finger fuck yourself...hard." She began sliding her index finger in and out, then started fucking herself with two fingers. Pete stroked his long, thick cock and smiled. "That's it, baby."
"Like that, sir?"
"Yes, baby. Harder." She complied as her pussy gushed loudly. Pete unwrapped her panties from around his cock and held them out. She sat up and leaned forward until her face was inches away and stared up longingly at it. "These go in your mouth." She deepthroated her panties as Pete stuffed them in her mouth, barely grazing her tongue with his fingers. He put one foot up on the edge of the bed and nearly slapped her in the face with his balls as he jerked his veiny shaft.
Alicia could taste his cum on her panties and started wishing he was really going to fuck her. At that moment, she realized she truly would have done anything he said. "Spit on it for me," he said as he shook his cock dangerously close to her face. She continued to stare at it trying to resist shoving it into her mouth as Pete repeated the order with more authority.
She pulled her panties from her mouth. "Yes sir," she said with some hesitation before finally sitting all the way up on the edge of the bed. She begin to spit at his dick, tentatively at first, and then, after some encouragement, more enthusiastically. Her saliva dripped from his cock as he stroked harder, watching her slam her fingers into her soaked little pussy with one hand and alternating between pinching each of her hard nipples with the other.
"I guess it's not cheating as long as we don't actually touch, right?" She nodded in agreement, then maneuvered her hand so that her middle and ring finger were sliding in and out of her slit. With her husband's naked body splayed out beside her, she stabbed her fingers deep and gripped her mound, writhing her clit against the heel of her palm. Her fingers and hand glistened as her tits bounced rhythmically. "Actually, why don't you wipe your hand on mine," Pete said. "I want to feel your pussy juice on my cock."
She grimaced and moaned as his words excited her to the verge of orgasm. Her mouth hung incontrollably open and her hand continued to pound against her clit, as if she had lost all control over it. "Okay, sir!" Her husband made a sound and drooled. She raised her delicate hand and spread her fingers to display the strands of precious cream, and without hesitation Pete started slapping his cock against it. Alicia's own primal instincts then kicked in as she gladly gripped it and began stroking, moaning quietly as she did.
Pete came to his senses and tried to pull away, but she pulled back harder and started sucking on the tip of it. Before he could stop her, she had the entire head in her mouth and sucked on it while looking up at him with her big brown eyes for approval. "No...no, we can't," he said, but seemed physically incapable of stopping her. She slapped it against her face and moved down to suck on his balls, one at a time. Then, with her free hand, she reached over and began massaging Mark's flacid cock.
"It's not really cheating if he's involved, right? I mean, technically that's a threesome," she said.
"That doesn't let me off the hook, though, does it," Pete sighed. She gave him a pouty look and mouthed "I'm sorry" before putting his cock back in her warm mouth and gumming its head softly.
"I mean, as long as you don't put it in my pussy," she said between long licks of Pete's shaft, "it's not really cheating." Pete finally gave in and sat on the bed, Mark asleep next to him. Alicia spent several minutes on her knees worshipping Pete's cock, holding it between her tits and sucking the head. Then she turned around and started sliding it between her ass cheeks. Pete leaned back and balanced himself with his hands on the bed. "Oh my god," she whined, "you're cock feels so good...against...my...oh god..." She was leaning forward as much as she could, sliding Pete's cock between her wet pussy lips and ass, slowing down to savor the feeling. Then, before he could stop her, she grabbed it, said, "I'm so sorry," and sat down on it. Half of his cock disappeared inside her as she yelped and made little bouncing motions to work it deeper. "I just need you to fuck me...oh shit- it's so big." She was mindlessly tugging on Mark's penis as she took Pete deeper inside of her. He felt her tight young pussy gripping him with each thrust, her juice beginning to seep down his balls. She bounced harder until her ass slapped against him while he grabbed her by the hips and rammed it in as far as he could. "Owwww! It hurts!" But she didn't stop and wasn't slowing down, which Pete took as a sign that she was enjoying getting it rough. He was just trying not to think about his own wife while he fucked her. A flash of anger made him yank her hair and jerk her head back, but it only increased her pleasure.
A few moments later she stood up, releasing his cock, and guided him to stand behind her as she bent over teasingly onto the bed. She placed Mark's dick in her mouth and started sucking despite the fact that it rendered no effect, leaving her ass perched in the air. Pete spanked her hard and then dropped to his knees, shoving his face between her ass cheeks and licking her from behind. She began moaning, finally triggering a response from Mark despite his nearly comatose state. His dick began to harden as she took him down her throat, ramming her face against his pelvis.
Meanwhile, Pete was enjoying tasting her tight asshole and sucking her pussy while he wrapped his arm around her waist and played with her clit. She grinded hard against his face as he jiggled her heavy tits in his other hand. Mark's cock got harder, becoming almost fully erect. Pete stood up and shoved Alicia's head up and down on her husband's dick, thrusting inside her pussy as he did. "You like that, baby? You like having a hard cock in your mouth and one in your pussy?" She stopped sucking just long enough to reply "yes sir" before going back to working on Mark's dick while Pete's massive cock impaled her.
Alicia pushed back against Pete until their bodies were once again slapping together. She pulled Mark's dick out of her mouth and howled as her legs shook and shuddered with orgasmic waves. Pete fucked her harder. "Are you cumming on that cock you dirty little slut?" Her pussy was squirting juice and cream as he continued to pound her. "Yessir!" she screamed. Finally, he threw her on top of her husband, shaking and mumbling to herself, and watched her mount Mark to shove his saliva-soaked, half-hard cock inside of her gaping pussy.
She rode Mark's dick slowly as she groaned and kissed him, as if trying to fuck away any thoughts of Pete right in front of him. "I'm so sorry, baby," she said as she began fucking Mark harder and slammed her ass up and down on his balls. Pete reached around her and squeezed her breast, but she pushed his hand away. "No! Don't touch me," she sobbed. "Please just leave."
With cock in hand, Pete moved onto the bed beside her and tried to coerce her to help him shoot his load. "What the fuck!" she yelled. "Just get the fuck out! I don't want to look at you."
"Oh, okay. I see," Pete said as he slid off the bed. "Well, the good news is, you don't have to." He pushed her down onto Mark so that her tiny asshole was exposed, then shoved the head of his cock against it.
"Wait! Stop!" Pete rubbed saliva on his cock and pushed hard against her, pinching the head of his cock to make it fit. Alicia struggled beneath him but was held firmly in place by just one of his powerful arms. Mark's cock remained lodged inside her pussy, making her rectum even tighter. "No! No no no...please," she begged. "Please don't!" With one powerful thrust, Pete plunged his fat head into her ass. Alicia yelped in pain, followed with a sustained moan. He gripped the back of her neck firmly and worked his cock deeper into her ass, forcing her to continue bouncing on Mark's dick. She whimpered in rhythm with each forceful shove, her rectum slowly opening to accept more and more of Pete's thick meat.
"Still think I'm a nice guy?" Pete said through clenched teeth. "Huh? You fucking slut?"
"No..." she responded through her tears. "You're a fucking asshole!"
Pete laughed, pressing his cock as deep as he could into her, feeling her soft ass cheeks against his stomach and continued to thrust. Alicia lifted her head and reflexively opened her mouth, trying to control her body's reaction. "No, see, I'm not a fucking asshole. I'm fucking your asshole...while you ride that asshole husband of yours." Pete could feel his balls slapping against Mark's as he fucked his wife into submission. "And now his wife is my little anal whore." She went quiet for a moment as Pete continued drilling her, then slowly moved her hands to her ass cheeks and pulled them apart for him. "That's it, baby, see? It feels good, doesn't it."
Alicia hesitated before finally blurting out, "Yes sir!" as she pushed back on Pete's cock. He squeezed and smacked her ass cheeks repeatedly, his cock sliding against Mark's as he fucked her widening asshole.
Mark, who was oblivious despite his erection, began to come to and regain his senses. "Whoa, babe? What the...why does that feel so weird?" he slurred.
Gasping for breath, Alicia finally responded. "Um, babe you know... that guy we met...from the bar...yeah?"
"What dude? The old guy?" Pete continued smacking Alicia's ass as she spoke to her husband. "He gone?"
"No. Listen, don't be mad. He's fucking me...in my ass right now." Mark stared at her blankly, then began looking around the room trying to process what she was saying, his body being jostledin rhythm to Pete's cock ramming in and out of Alicia. "Just fuck my pussy, baby. Please don't be mad."
Mark started feeling around her ass with his hand and touched Pete's cock sliding in and out of it. "Whoa, what the fuck!" Mark said as he tried to push her off of him. Pete simply pushed back harder and pinned Alicia against him as she whimpered from the pressure and her legs began shaking. "Dude, what the...Get the fuck off, man. I'm gonna beat your fucking ass!" Pete just laughed and slowly worked his cock in Alicia's ass, being sure to keep Mark's dick from exiting her pussy. "Babe, how could you do this?" She convulsed harder until her entire body shook. "Oh my god, babe are you cumming? Babe don't cum! Please!"
But it was too late, she was moaning in extacy and begging him to fuck her pussy faster, which he did reluctantly. Pete yanked her by the hair. "Does that feel good you dirty little slut?" he said as he matched Mark's rhythm and thwir cocks worked like pistons sliding in and out of her holes.
"Yes sir!"
"Babe, don't call him that!"
"I'm sorry! I can't help it."
"Yeah, man," Pete added, "she can't help it. Can you, slut?"
"No sir!" She howled and creamed all over Mark's dick, continuing to grind on it as Pete shoved his cock deep into her and started shooting his powerful load. She could feel his warm jets of semen firing deep inside her ass as he grunted loudly.
Mark suddenly felt the irresistible urge to cum, too, just as Pete uncorked his cock from Alicia's ass and his thick cum spewed out of her. It ran down across her pussy lips and onto Mark's shaft and balls. "Fuck! Goddamnit I'm gonna fuckin cum!" Mark yelled. Pete's cum continued to drip and leak down onto Mark as Alicia jumped off of him and shoved his slimy dick in her mouth, licking up the remnants of Pete's load as she did. Mark ejaculated into her mouth as she sucked him dry.
Pete was already getting dressed as Mark fumbled for coherence, still half-drunk and now trying to muster up the strength to even lift himself from the bed. "Hey, you fuckin' asshole...we got unfinished business," he slurred. "I'm gonna find you...tomorrow. Where'd you say you were from?"
"No, I don't think you will," Pete said, knowing he would be checking out early. "And I didn't say where I was from, either. But you kids have a great life together." He winked at Alicia who was lying glassy-eyed beside Mark with her head resting against his shoulder. "Besides, look on the bright side- she won't have much of an excuse not to let you fuck her ass from now on, will you, honey?" Alicia responded by giving him the finger. He walked to the door, pausing just before opening it. "If you can forgive her, that is." Pete sauntered out of the room, into the hallway, out of their lives, and back into his own.