Fuck!
She needed a new man! One who wanted fun and more fun! A man with balls who would want to screw her more and appreciate a blowjob!
She didn't want to be anyone's fucking door -- maybe she could look into getting paid for her services -- at least then she'd be able to buy more underwear and more toys for self-indulgence!
On the other hand she wanted to explore more -- maybe something different -- a threesome! Mmmmmm...Maybe kissing and tasting another women might be more thrilling -- nothing ventured- nothing gained!
She packed her swimming things into her bag and set off to the local pool. As she drove she pondered at the thought of flirting with a couple.
When she arrived at the pool it was virtually empty. She slid on her suit, the one that was very high cut -- she'd show everyone what an amazing body she had -- she loved the admiring looks she got from men and the jealous looks she got from other women.
Walking onto the poolside she immediately caught the eye of the two young lifeguards - mmmmmmm -- two men. One could fuck her pussy and the other could fuck her mouth...mmmmmmm. She smiled, as the idea aroused her.
She walked passed the indoor pool, and headed for the outdoor swimming pool and the nicer looking life guard followed her. She slipped into the water and set off. Gliding through the water reminded her of the smoothness of a man's cock in her mouth. Her nipples hardened as the thoughts of a cock in her mouth aroused her senses and the coldness of the water spread across her warm body. She tumbled and continued to swim. As she reached the end of the pool she reached for her water bottle. The life guard was sitting on the pool edge with his legs in the water.
"Morning! You're new here -- I just wanted to tell you about the little extras I can offer!" he explained with a glint in his eye.
She smiled before turning and pressing her back to the edge of the pool. He moved eloquently as he manoeuvred himself so he was straddled behind her. He reached down with his hands and stroked her breasts. Her nipples stiffened as he touched them. He felt her immediate arousal, the nipples stiffening quickly was always a good signal to him. He moved his fingers quicker -- across and up and down, round and round. Her nipples felt amazing. And her tits were fucking ace -- a great size for a tit wank.
She remained motionless as he continued to stroke the stiff buds -- she was in heaven -- a young guy playing with her nipples -- she closed her eyes as she took in the feelings which made her twitch all over inside. His fingers felt fucking good on her nips -- across, round and round and then he pinched them one at a time, then together. She let out a quiet muffled murmur...tensed her body and moved back. She could feel his cock against her -- fuck he was a big boy and already stiff and ready for her. She spun around pushed her body into his -- her nipples rubbing against his chest -- he sat up a little as he responded. She was strong and forceful.
She pushed her tits into his body, as she slipped one hand into his shorts. She felt his balls -- playfully tickling them a little with her fingers. He felt her fingers making their way up his cock, she got to the tip and nothing. Fucking hell --she was a cock tease! He felt his body relax a little as the thrill of her fingers left his cock. Fucking hell....she had to touch him again!
Fuck! Fuck! Her thumb rubbed across his tip -- fuck. Across and round and round. He tensed. Fuck! Across, round and round his cock tip. He savoured the feeling...as he felt the rest of her fingers touch his hard, stiff manhood. She gripped him, just how he liked it and began to move her hand up and down. Fuck. Up and down. Up and down.
She felt the power of his cock in her hand, he was hers now! She had him fully engaged and wanting more. She thought about lowering her head down- she thought about the feel of the tip of his cock on her tongue...mmmmmmmm. She felt her own body tense as she tingled all over, she was wet everywhere now! She continued to stroke his cock. His hands were resting on the side of the pool. Fingers spread wide...he was putty in her hands. She had to let him explode -- in her mouth would be the best place.
Using her free hand she pulled at the front of his shorts like a hungry bitch -- starving and desperate to get a good sausage in her mouth. He helped her. He loosened his shorts and pushed them down at the sides and his cock popped out - like a wand ready for magic! He grabbed her head and pushed her down. She did nothing! He let go and she looked up at him, stared at him in the eyes and held her gaze. Fuck, fuck...he felt the sun on his back and the chill on his exposed dick...she stared at him.
She could see the frustration in his eyes. He held himself still -- tense all over he could feel the bursting sensation rising in his body as he glanced down at her amazing charlies. Her nipples pressed against the tightness of her swimsuit -- hard buds pressing hard to be freed and exposed. She stared at him.
She began to lower her head...as she did she noticed a shadow drawing close. A woman sat down next to him. She turned to look. Her eyes lit up as she saw firm titties in a skimpy bikini top and an exposed smooth pussy. Amy shivered at the sheer thought -- fuck me! She caught the woman's eye -- they sparkled like her own eyes. She was game!
She lowered her head down and took him in her mouth and pushed down hard and moved her tongue around the tip of his cock and round his stiff shaft. Someone pushed her head down, although the feel of nails against her scalp told her it was her. She pushed her down, pulled her up gently by the hair -- the rhythm was perfect. He pushed his hips forward and she went deeper. The pace picked up and Amy continue without any help as the woman let go. She slipped into the pool next to her. Amy concentrated on the cock as she felt fingers slide into either side of her suit, and firm tits touch her back. Amy moved her head up and down, as she had her tits fondled by a woman. She was ready to explode....fingers on her nips and tits and a cock in her mouth. He moaned out loud as he pushed Amy's head down hard. Amy gagged and lifted her head up. The woman slipped her hands away and jumped out of the pool, legs straddled with her feet in the water.
Amy ducked under his leg, positioned herself between her legs. He slipped into the pool. Without hesitation, Amy positioned her head between her legs, slid her tongue out and licked her outer lips. Mmmmmm.......she licked and licked.....fuck her pussy juice was lush! Amy slipped her tongue between her pussy lips, then pushed in hard. Fuck. Fuck. That was amazing. Fucking hell...she could feel the wetness in the woman's pussy gushing into her mouth. She heard her moan and pushed deeper. Her clit! Amy had to find it with her tongue.
The squeal from the woman told her she had hit the spot! The woman squirmed and thrust herself hard into her face. The life guard embraced Amy from behind, and urgently pulled her suit down. Amy now hand her tits exposed, fingers pulling and tweaking her nipples whilst her mouth was flooded by the taste of another woman's love juices. The other woman squealed out loud and thrust her hips forward, hard!
Amy pulled her head up, pushed herself back into the lifeguards' body as he continued to play with her tits and nipples. The other woman slipped into the water, moved her head down a little and sucked on one of Amy's tits as the lifeguard held them both up for her. As Amy enjoyed the feel of a new, smooth, wet and very eager tongue on her nipple she felt the life guard let go.
Fuck...both nipples were in different mouths! Fuck....she could feel him nipping her nipple with his teeth...the pain sent a new rush through her body! Her closed her eyes....she was in heaven!!
Suddenly, they both stopped and jumped out of the pool. He reached his hand out to Amy, she took it and climbed out. The other woman took her hand and encouraged her to lie down. Amy obliged! Fuck -- they both crouched down next to her spread eagled legs.
She felt a tongue lick her minge and fingers go into her love hole. The fingers were soft and gentle with a slight sharpness -- fuck -- they were her fingers -- at least two -- yes definitely two. She pushed hard -- fuck, fuck, fuck. Amy's body tensed -- she needed to explode! Fingers deep inside her pushing up higher and higher. Then the wetness of a tongue. Mmmmmm.... Her body wriggle a little as she clenched her fists. As she tried to scream out loud her sounds were muffled by something being stuffed into her mouth. She exploded, tingling all over...but she wanted and needed more.
It was like Amy's thoughts had been heard by both of them. The woman straddled across Amy and starting playing with her amazing tits - with her hands, fingers and mouth. She seemed to be mesmerised by her jubblies. At the same time she felt a finger stroke her pussy. The woman slipped off, and Amy was plugged well and good -- his fucking hard shaft was stuffed hard into her love hole. Amy mumbled a little -- as the woman stuffed something wet and pussy flavoured into her mouth, again.
"Let's see how long I can fuck her for, before I explode. Now, that we are in control!" he sounded more mature than he looked.
Amy felt him pumping himself hard, as the woman playfully played with her nipples with her soft, delicate fingers. As his cock pushed deeper into Amy, she felt a finger slide in too. She had the gag removed from her mouth and a finger slip in, one finger from one hand then another finger from the other hand. Mmmmmmmmmm -- the pussy juice turned her on more than she ever thought it would.
As Amy enjoyed the fucking she could smell and hear the woman...her legs were open wide and as she watched Amy being fucked, she fucked herself with a cucumber.
Amy's body tensed. She clenched her fists hard. Grabbed the wet bikini bottoms and put them in her mouth. He shouted out, FUCK ME...as the other woman murmured -- both women squirmed and thrust their hips forward.....Fuck Me ...she felt him explode within her. He pushed hard against her. Squashing her tits hard as he emptied himself out!
As she walked out to the car park, she saw them both leaving together. Amy smiled, as she read the woman's business card and slipped it into her purse!