PART II
My wife and I just finished the best sex we ever had. My cock was much bigger now and I could hold off my ejaculation for as long as I wanted. Basically, I could cum on demand. We were both spent after the marathon fucking session. We were lying next to each other and nodded off.
Some time later she woke up. I was asleep at her side. She could feel the wetness where a large volume of my semen had run out of her vagina down her ass and puddled on the sheets. She reached down scooped some of my semen out of her pussy with two fingers and touched them to my lips. I woke up and sucked her fingers into my mouth.
She looked me in the eyes and said, "That was incredible. Being with you is much better than that machine. I'll never use it again."
I said, "That makes me very happy. I've always wanted to make you orgasm through intercourse, but as you know I couldn't stay hard long enough to get you off. You told me a long time ago that when you climaxed with me inside of you that it felt special. I'm so glad I can do that now, and you won't have to go looking for it anywhere else."
"I didn't go looking for it with anyone else. I'm sorry that I did go looking with something else. The machine did its job, but it is no substitute for your real flesh and blood cock."
"Let me ask you something. When you told me that Harry helped you out exactly how did he help you. You said he showed you how to use it the first time. Did he just set up the equipment or was there more to the story?"
"I was going to tell you. Nothing happened between me and him if that is what you are worried about. He did help me out with the initial set up."
"He ordered it for me from his catalogue. He brought it to work, and he put it in the trunk of my car. When I got it home, I tried to set it up and I couldn't figure it out."
"I called Harry and he tried to walk me through it on the phone. It was too complicated. After about a half hour on the phone he asked me if I wanted him to come to our house to help me set it up. I said yes."
"I was trying to set it up in the living room. He said it had to be set up in the bedroom as it needed to be anchored to the bed. We moved it to the bedroom. He was able to put it together quickly and had it running in no time."
"He turned it on. We both watched the dildo move back and forth. He showed me how to adjust the speed and distance it moved with each plunge. My excitement level became elevated from the anticipation of thinking about trying it out for the first time. We were both watching it when he said, 'Go ahead try it out'."
"Initially I thought to myself no way not in front of him. Then I thought Harry and I had shared a lot in our conversations about sex. I felt comfortable in discussing sexual topics with him. He was gay and never showed any sexual interested in me. It was liberating to talk openly with him. Even though he was a man there was never a sexual connection between us. It was actually refreshing to be able to talk to a man, other than you, about sex without the pressure/burden of underlying sexual angst. To me he was a close friend I could confide in. I thought what the hell, and took my pants off. I only got naked from the waist down."
"I got on the bed on my back. I slid up and aligned the dildo between my legs. I positioned the dildo at the entrance to my vagina and was about to slide onto it when Harry said I should use some lubrication. I told him there was some in the nightstand. He got it and applied some to the dildo, I scooted forward on my back and moved around until the dildo was half inside of me."
"Harry controlled the remote. He asked me if I was ready and turned it on slowly at first. I liked it right away. I closed my eyes and quickly got lost in the feeling. He controlled the speed. He gradually turned the speed up and he adjusted the depth of penetration. I really started to get into it. I forgot Harry was there. I remember getting close and I was right on the edge of climaxing. I started to move my pelvis to get more action when Harry turned it up even faster. I didn't think it could go any faster, but it did, and I exploded in an orgasm right in front of Harry. I think I lasted maybe five minutes before that very intense orgasm. After I was done, I opened my eyes and felt embarrassed he was there. I got up, cleaned myself off, and put my pants back on."
"Afterward he told me he had it up to about three-quarter speed. He told me that he was surprised by how much I could take. He said he could only take about half speed. He showed me how to take it apart and he left after that. That's all he did was put it together, control the remote, and watched. He never touched me."
Strange but her describing how Harry watched her being fucked by the machine got me aroused. She saw my hard cock. She started stroking it. After hearing that story, I didn't want a handjob. I wanted to fuck her.
I rolled on top of her. My dick slipped into her easily. She was still stretched open dilated from what we did earlier and she was well lubricated filled with my semen and her vaginal juices. I started to fuck her again. She began grunting. I kept going and started plunging into her harder she started grunting loader with each thrust. I looked at her face and her eyes were closed tight. She was grimacing. It felt so good having her warm velvety smooth vagina engulfing my cock. I didn't want to stop. I think I could have cum in just a minute or so. I could tell she was a bit distressed, and I know I should have stopped right then but I didn't. I clenched her tight with my arms and moved my cock in and out of her vagina aggressively. She continued to grunt and flinched her pelvis from my lunges.
She couldn't take it anymore and said for me to stop. I kept going I was so close I wanted to explode into her again.
I thought to myself, "No just a moment more!"
She blurted out, "Stop you're hurting me!"
I stopped and pulled out slowly. I told her I was sorry I got carried away it felt too good to stop.
She said, "I'm sorry too. I wanted to try again that's why I woke you like I did, but after the rough sex we just had my insides can't take anymore. It just hurts too much, but I can still take care of you." She went down on me and started sucking my dick.
I laid back and watched her mouth move over my cock. My cock was so big she only took about three inches of it in her mouth. Before my transformation she could deep throat me. Now when she tries to take more it gags her; however, she wouldn't quit she sucked it for several minutes. She got to a point that her jaws were getting tired from being stretched so far. She wondered how much longer she could suck on it.
She thought to herself, "It took him so long to cum when he was fucking me that my jaws might not survive this blowjob."
She recalled how good it felt when I was pushing my dick against her ass.
She took my dick out of her mouth and said, "I have an idea."
I was somewhat annoyed that she stopped, as I was getting close again, but I asked what her idea was.
She said, "When you first tried to put it in me you were aiming to low and it started going into my ass and I liked it. If you want to do it in my ass, I'd be willing to try."
She still had my dick in her hand, and she kissed the head of it, she licked the length of my shaft, and then looked up at me innocently but seductively and said, "I trust you, so I'd like to at least try".
"You know I always wanted to try anal sex. I'm game if you are, how should we do it? Like what position should we get in?"
She kept playing with my dick licking the length of it and kissing and sucking it and said, "Keep lying on your back just like you are."
She continued sucking it. She was leaving a large amount of saliva on my cock. She stopped playing with it and moved up on top of me. As she climbed on top, she straddled her legs across my pelvis. My erection was positioned between her ass cheeks standing straight up almost touching her waistline.
She reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the lube. She squirted a larger amount on her hand. She propped herself up with her left hand on my chest and reached behind her ass with her right hand. She rubbed the lube on her ass. I was looking up at her. I saw that her firm hard breasts were stretched and on display. Her nipples were sticking out conspicuously. I've said this before, but the sight deserved commenting on again. Her tits are spectacular.
She arced her back, reach behind herself, and applied the lube. She was rubbing the lube all around her hole. She popped a finger into her anus and moved it around inside to spread the lube. She pulled her finger out, reached further back. and grabbed my erection. She moved her hand up and down the length of my shaft and applied the lube to my cock too. She gripped my cock tight and slid her hand up along the length of my shaft causing a large amount of precum to ooze out of the top. She let go of my cock and leaned over and started kissing me. She moved her hips up and down so the length of my shaft would glide along the crease of her ass. When the head of my dick got to the entrance of her ass she would stop and slowly grind her hole in a circular motion on my cock. I was leaking pre-cum all over her ass and with her saliva and the lube her anus was very slippery and ready for what was coming.
She continued doing this for several minutes taking in the pleasure of my well-lubed cock head pressing against her hole. When she got it centered on her hole she pushed down on my cock. I started lifting my hips up pressing into her downward motion. This movement initiated some penetration. The sensation of it being partially inserted felt very sensual to her. This erotic sensation gave her the will to proceed further.
She reached behind her ass, and with her fingers she pushed the head of my dick further into her ass. It started to go in. Just the head of it was in her and she liked the feeling. She started bearing down a bit harder and I started pushing and more of it went into her. Her hole started to open, the first resistance occurred, and it started to spasm and hurt. She told me to stop pushing let her control the penetration. She backed off a little until the pain subsided.
She started bearing down again. My dick was so long that she had to lean forward face to face with me. She reached back and adjusted it into a better position with her fingers. She was kneeling with her legs on either side of my waist. She moved her hips back toward my cock. It started going in deeper and she kissed me forcefully. It went in about two inches and the head was really stretching her outer muscle. She paused there and let the slight pain pass. The sensation started feeling good again. She started doing some mini up and down movements slowly and deliberately. It went in slightly deeper and started feeling even better to her until the inner muscle started opening. Another spasm hit this one was more intense, and she backed off quickly. My dick popped out of her ass.
She collapsed down on top of me and was breathing heavily. My cock was standing up rock hard leaning against the crease of her ass. She just laid on me breathing waiting for the pain to subside, but she was still slowly moving her ass up and down along my shaft.
I asked her if she wanted to stop and she said, "No I want to keep going it felt really good at first".
The pain passed and while she was resting her head on my chest she was licking and gently biting on my nipple. She reached around grabbed my dick and with two fingers pushed it back into her ass.
The first two inches went in much easier this time and she felt the large head of slip past the outer muscle. She started the mini humping motion again and felt the rim of my cock sliding back and forth in her ass and it felt wonderful. She was still lying on me with the side of her head resting on my chest. Her tongue was licking my nipple. She was licking me whilst she was concentrating on th shaft penetrating her.
She started moving with longer strokes and with each downward push she pressed a little harder. The head of my dick started exerting force on the inner muscle and it began to open. She felt it opening and she pushed herself up off my chest. She was in a full sitting up position her legs spanning my pelvis. Nearly three of my eight inches were in her ass. She started easing down on my dick slowly sitting on it as it gradually slid into her ass. She had her hands on my chest now pushing up slowly as the angle of my dick entering her ass was more upright. She was moving slowly back and forth and more and more of dick was penetrating her. It was quite deep but still meeting resistance from her inner muscle it hurt so she quickly stopped again, and she laid back down on my chest breathing deeply.
"Are you OK", I said.
"Yes, I'm just waiting until I get use to its size."
She only waited a few seconds as the spasms subsided quickly. She kissed me passionately and we made out with it halfway up her ass. She lifted off me and again pushed herself up by pressing her hands on my chest. She was nearly sitting straight up again. She started bearing down and got more penetration. the shaft started moving inside slightly faster. She sat straight up which changed the angle and it slid all the way in. The last four inches were in her quickly.
She now had my cock buried in her ass and she was in total control. She was sitting straight down and it was fully inserted. My cock was stretching her hole wide open. Having my cock buried in her ass was giving her a feeling that she though was incredible. She moaned deeply, and I let out a groan. She started moving her hips slowly at first leaning forward then rocking back to an upright sitting position. The whole length was moving in and out of her ass. To me it felt incredible. I never felt anything that soft and warm, yet so tightly enveloping my cock. I felt like I was part of her. She was in another world as the intense feeling of me spreading her ass and probing deep inside ignited an erogenous ache in her soul.
She sat straight up arched her back and started rocking on my cock. Her breasts were firm and upright and with her back arched they were magnificent and sticking straight out. I couldn't resist and reached up with my hands and started fondling them. I was pinching her nipples as she was gyrating on my dick. She reached up and put her hands over mine and pressed my hands against her tits even harder.
"Squeeze them hard," she moaned.
I was clutching them quite hard but squeezed even harder. She let out a loud shriek grabbed my hands and started grinding her ass on my cock. She removed my right hand from her breast and placed it between her legs.
She started rubbing her clitoris with the middle finger of her right hand then she said, "I want you to rub me while I ride your cock".
I took my right hand and shoved my thumb under her finger and took control of the rubbing of her clitoris. She leaned back and put her hands on the bed on either side of my legs. She moved her legs forward and planted her feet on either side of my shoulders. I had my hands inside her spread legs. I had free access to reach her into hrer genitals. Using her arms and legs she pushed herself up, started rocking back and forth, and she rode the full length of my cock. Her genitalia were in full view swollen and protruding from her dark pubic hair. I watched as her anus flexed in and out as it travelled the length of my cock while I was massaging her clitoris.
"Shove the finger of you other hand up into me", she demanded.
I did what she said and inserted my middle finger up into her vagina with my other hand. I couldn't believe what I was witnessing. I thought to myself I'm having sex with this incredible sexy woman. I have my cock up her ass, a thumb rubbing her clit, a finger up her pussy, and the most beautiful tits in the world arched up in complete view and she is humping that perfect ass on me relentlessly. How could I be so lucky to have married her? I'm thankful she approached me all those years ago. I remember her as a young 16-year-old girl from those days at high school and making out in my parent's car. Here I am now anal fucking this incredible woman or should I say being fucked by this incredible woman. I'd have to be an oblivious idiot to not know what I have and how lucky I am.
She was gasping now and had a determined look on her face and said, "Put another finger up my cunt and ram them in."
What was going on here! She never uses that word in fact she hates it?! She was really getting into it and loving what was happening to her. She was having great sex, lacking any inhibitions, completely lost in the act for anal fucking, and I was the one that took her to this level! I was so happy I was finally able to please her like this; like the way she deserved.
She was humping my dick and fingers enjoying the double penetration. I started bucking my hips now, and asked her if I should let it cum.
She said, "Hold off not yet!"
She started humping faster, she changed positions, dropped down on top of me, hugged me tightly, started biting my neck, and simultaneously rode the length of my shaft. She would lift nearly completely off it, slammed her ass hard down over it, and took the entire length at once. Once she started doing this slamming motion there was no holding me back. She slammed down onto my cock maybe three or four time, then she let out a screamed and erupted in and explosive orgasm. Simultaneously my body went completely ridged and tensed up I started to shutter, and my hips jerked as I left a second load of my cum in her. This time I came deep inside of her ass. We were cumming at the exact same time.
She screamed out, "Oh baby I love you so much...I'm cumming!!"
Still lying on top of me she pushed her legs straight out behind her and squeezed them together. She was amazed my dick was so big it didn't pop out of her ass. In fact, it was still in her ass and aligned between her legs. My cock was rubbing the length of her vagina and the base of it pressed on her clitoris. With my dick still up her ass she laid there with her whole-body tense and jerking on top of me. The more she squeezed her legs together the more pressure was put on her clitoris the more intense the feeling. She started to climax again, and it wouldn't stop. This went on for a long time. Every time she thought the orgasm was over, she would squeeze my dick in her ass by mashing her legs together and she would have another explosive orgasm. It wouldn't stop wave after wave of euphoric orgasms wash over her body. She lost count but thought she had well over ten of these. I was lying under her taking this all in and couldn't believe what I was witnessing.
I thought to myself, "My god this woman is unnatural she is some type of sex goddess she's a fucking Wonder Woman."
She was finally done not because the orgasms stopped, but because it was so intense, she couldn't take it anymore.
She lay on me resting motionless for several minutes. She was trying to get her breath back to normal. Finally, she said, "I can't take it anymore. That was fantastic."
We lay naked holding each other tight. I told her how much I loved her. She responded that she loved me too. We gently kissed and hugged each other for a long time, and we both fell asleep in each other's arms.
When we woke up, we had a long serious discussion. We talked about the last couple of months and told each other everything. We both knew that we were committed to each other for the rest of our lives, and all the things that transpired were motivated purely by love. I told her how I always wanted to hear her yell "I'm cumming" while I was inside of her. When she screamed it tonight, she made be the happiest luckiest guy in the world.
She said she had no need for her machine anymore and was happy to get rid of it.
We lived happily ever after, and she promised that whenever we had intercourse and when she got an orgasm she would always scream, "I'M CUMMING!"