My name is Emily; I've just turned 30, originally from upstate New York and have been married to Cliff for 6 years. We both travel a lot on business and for the past three years we have had the following arrangement when we travel. We both have a high sex drive so when we travel on business we allow each other to play with other partners but we seldom have penetrative sex with other partners. At Cliff's suggestion most trips I suck off at least one cock each night. I then often let them watch me make myself cum in front of them, often using vibrators, butt plugs or dildos improvised from fruit and veg'. I'm a particular fan of cucumbers and bananas! I sometimes let the guy's finger or lick me or push objects inside my ass or cunt. I have rules though.
First they have to be clean i.e. recently washed or preferably showered. Secondly they only get to see me and play with me, I usually keep my panties on to start with and if I do I don't often let them play with my ass or pussy whilst I'm servicing them, just my tits. Most importantly, I'm in charge. Oh and I usually try and wear a leather mask and collar, the collar makes me feel so naughty and the mask prevents me being recognized if my partner(s) that evening tries to take pictures to post on the internet, which happens with depressing regularity.
I've made many men cum this past three years, probably well into three figures, with this arrangement. I select a potential partner, usually a stranger in the hotel bar, restaurant, pool or gym. We will get talking and if I like him (or them) I'll ask them outright if they would like servicing. I sometimes get turned down but not too often.
I usually arrange to meet them in their room a quarter of an hour later but sometimes take them back to my room. I tell them to shower and wait for me while I go to my room to get ready. I take a quick shower and douche both entries, I often put on some fetish underwear like a waspie or a harness, put on my collar, freshen my makeup, get dressed select my toys and go to their room.
When I enter the room, if they are dressed I ask them to strip at least from the waist down as I like to see their cocks stiffen as I undress for them but if they are not comfortable with this I don't push it. I then strip in front of them, usually down to my panties which is usually a thong or g-string but sometimes some see through French knickers from What Katie Did but sometimes if horny I get totally naked straight away.
I let them caress me and suck on my breasts then I get to work on them, stroking their cock and balls, before taking them in my mouth. I can deep-throat cocks of about 10" long and still lap at their balls with my tongue. After I've made the guy cum, I let them watch as I take my panties off and make myself cum, sometimes using my improvised dildos (I'm too embarrassed to pack a sex toy in my luggage if I'm flying) such as bottles, hairbrushes, bananas, zucchini, carrots etc. in my ass and or cunt. If he's hard by the time I finish I often suck him off again. On several occasions I've let them come over and play with my tits whilst I suck them again as I frig myself. On a few occasions I've let guys push objects into my ass and cunt and fuck me with them as I diddle my clit. One guy got a banana virtually all the way up my ass then fucked my cunt hard and fast with a long cucumber. Occasionally I let them cum over my tits, cunt or ass or occasionally if I like them and I'm in the mood, my face.
Sometimes, (when I've had too much to drink) I've let them fuck me, usually in my ass as I like to save my pussy for Cliff. One of my best experiences was a threesome with a married couple at a hotel in Scotland, where I let the husband fuck my ass whilst his wife ate my pussy. At a conference recently, I took four men back to my room, stripped to my panties and sucked them all off twice before making them leave.
I frequently travel with two older male colleagues in their early sixties, both of whom I administer "executive relief" to, usually I give one or the other a wake-up call and catch him fresh out of the shower, the other one I have a "nightcap" with, neither knows about my ministrations to the other, even if we travel together. When I'm done, and on my own I like to take a pic or two on my phone to send to Cliff, telling him what I've done, before I bring myself off again. I also sometimes enjoy making the guys cocks ejaculate onto a mirror or plate or into a glass then slowly lick it off. I like the taste and it usually turns them on again, guaranteeing a second load! My record, on an early trip was six separate cocks in one evening! Cliff and I always have fantastic sex when I get home and I tell him what I've done!
The event that started my hotel adventures off was three years ago. I was going away on business with a colleague who was due to turn 60 on the trip. Cliff suggested I play with him as a birthday treat. He was in the adjacent room. At 6.00am I showered then I rang Alan next door. I'd woken him up but I wished him Happy Birthday and said I had a present for him. I went to his room and when he opened the door I entered the room, closed the door, slipped out of my robe, dropped to my knees and sucked him off, he was so grateful.
That evening after dinner I did a proper striptease for him in his room then I lay on his bed with my head off the end, I told him to kneel on the floor in front of my face so I could take his member in my mouth. I let him fuck me with my vibrator whilst I blew him and then let him watchr as I pleasured myself, he came over and licked my clit as I came then removed the vibrator, licked my juices off it then ate my pussy, giving me another small orgasm.
The funny thing was the following year we weren't away on business and he was cheeky enough to ask for the same birthday treat at work. I went for a drink with him after work and took him into the disabled restroom, stripped down to my boots and thong and sucked his cock whilst he played with my tits, he has a thing about facials so I let him cum on my face as a treat. In the cab on the way home he asked me to expose my breasts which I did and I let him finger my pussy whilst he sucked my nipples.
I sucked him off every business trip until he retired recently and on our last trip I even serviced him in a client's meeting room during a break and on our last evening away I finally acceded to his frequent requests to fuck me. I let him sample my pussy before making him finish in my ass. I'll leave it to your imagination what I gave him as a retirement present!