This is a continuation of the story about Merna. Really need to read part 1 to know characters.
*****
Merna's first modeling job
I awoke very excited about my first day modeling but there was nothing in my closet that fit my image of a model. I had either conservative business attire or old knock around clothes. I decided when my finances were less tenuous I would start shopping for a wardrobe. So, I chose my standard business attire. This did not give me a sense of being a model.
At the hair salon, a very talkative stylist was waiting for me with instructions from the Bound Sisters. She really wanted to do a lot more with my hair but I was adamant that nothing more should be done than Greta's instruction.
As I walked into the Bound Sisters building, Greta and Charles greeted me.
"Are you ready for the day?" Charles asked.
"Absolutely, I am very excited," I said enthusiastically. "But anxious to find out if I can really do this."
"You will do fine," said Greta. "By the way, you can dress casually on the days you model for us. Not sure Bertha told you, but many times the client will give you an outfit as part of the deal."
"Good," I smiled. "I need to upgrade my wardrobe when I can afford it."
"The studio is in the basement," Greta said leading Charles and I to the stairs going to the basement. When she got to the bottom of the stairs, there was a door locked with a keypad that required a series of numbers to enter. "The combination is 9154. We want to keep this area secure for these sessions with no gawkers."
As we entered, I noticed no outside light but the room was very bright as Charles explained, "The Bound Sisters spent a lot of money on this studio. It is one of my favorites. We can control backdrops and lighting very easily. You will also notice the floor is a very soft rubberized surface. I have to wear kneepads in other studios. They very generously allow me to use it for my own sessions."
A very young girl came from behind a partition. She had dark hair with an average figure and was not unattractive but certainly not pretty. Charles introduced us, "Merna, this is Marsha my assistant. She will take care of you today doing touch up, dressing, and organize both of us. If you need any thing let Marsha know."
I shook Marsha's hand as Marsha said, "Nice to meet you. It will sound like I am telling you what to do today but I am really assisting you. Charles said this is new for you and I want to do everything I can to make this a successful day for you."
"So good to meet you Marsha," I said. "I have no idea what I am doing so anything you can tell me is appreciated."
"We will start with these dresses," Marsha said as pointing to a rolling rack. "The dressing room is behind this partition. I will take care of any hair or makeup needs and assist you presenting the dress. When we are ready, then I turn you over to Charles. If you need a bathroom break it is over there. There is a small refrigerator in the break room that has water and soft drinks. If we eat here make sure to use the break room. Ready?"
Greta interrupted, "I will be checking in throughout the day to see how it is going. Mainly to make certain that Charles understands what the customer wants. But if you need anything from Bertha or myself let me know. We really do care that this works for you. I will be taking you and Charles to lunch at the Summit. It will be a working lunch. One of the dresses needs a backdrop like the Summit. Mostly, have fun." The Summit was a private club down town used by business people. I had heard about it but only knew it was at the top of one of the building close to here.
"I am ready," I said to Marsha. "And thanks again Greta."
Around a wall partition was a large dressing area with mirrors everywhere, tables and very comfortable chairs and couch. "Sometimes there are delays, you can come here and relax if you wish. Some of the models nap here. You are going to be surprised how tiring it is. My first advice is stay in shape not just for looks but stamina. Ok, remove your clothes and we will get you ready."
I removed my pants suit leaving on bra and panties to Marsha frowning saying, "Oh those will never do. Most of the dresses will be worn without panties, as we do not want panty lines. Of course we could Photoshop but easier not. The bra you wear will be matched to the dress with some without bra. Does that make you uncomfortable?"
"Not at all," I said as I removed my panties and bra. Marsha then did exactly what Charles and Greta did cupping both tits in her hand, but Marsha stared at the breast.
"Ok, I know," Marsha said as opening a door with many bras and picked one out. She did not say anything but put the bra on me not really letting me help. I found it strangely erotic to have this young girl placing a bra on me. It had a lot of support underneath but was very thin and almost invisible above the areola. The strap could barely be seen, making no indention in the skin. I looked in the mirror and I thought it looked sexy.
"Can I ask you how old you are?" I asked Marsha.
"I am 21," Marsha said. "I have been Charles assistant for 2 years. Are you uncomfortable with me?"
"Oh, I find this different but pleasant," I said. "And quite the opposite. I appreciate your help."
She handed me the first dress and it seem unexceptional to me, just a simple sweater dress. I did understand the bra and lack of panties. Either of the ones I wore would have been seen.
Marsha had me sit in front of the dressing table that had great light and mirror so I could see what she was doing. She touches up my hair saying, "You have beautiful hair. Mine is thin straight with a brown color where yours is a lovely warm auburn red. I imagine the body and color are natural."
"Yes it is," I said.
Marsha then touched up my lipstick saying, "You are going to be one of my easier clients. You are ready for Charles."
"Beautiful," Charles said before he started instructed me through a series of poises. Greta came in and observed for a while, whispered something to Charles and left.
"Greta is happy with what we are doing," Charles said smiling. "We will go to lunch at 12:30."
After several dresses that morning Charles said to Marsha, "Ok time to get Merna ready for lunch."
I followed Marsha to the dressing room where I again removed all but the bra. It was clear to me that we were moving faster as I understood the routine. "Remove the bra also," Marsha instructed. "The dress you will wear to lunch has built in support. Luckily you do not really need much. Great boob job by the way."
"Thank you," I said happily. Marsha then helped me put on an evening club dress. It was red with a wide black belt with a big fake diamond horseshoe under and between my breasts. It had a gather that exposed cleavage all the way to the bottom of my breasts. The support in the dress also pushed the breasts in to maximize cleavage. It felt very secure however making me comfortable that no oops moment would occur. The buckle also pulled the dress hemline up in front causing it to be V shaped between my legs. Without the gather the dress would strike me mid thigh, which it did in back. But in front it was almost exposing my pussy.
"We have to adjust that and you are going to need panties," Marsha stated as she knelt in front of me adjust the buckle. I was getting a sexual feeling from this attention so close to my bare pussy. Marsha could not help but rub against me as she adjusted the bottom of the dress.
Standing up she smiled saying, "Now that is sexy. Wish we could leave you without panties for the guys at the Summit; you would be even a bigger hit. But the photos have to be PG not R, so let's see if we can find something that works." She rummaged through another drawer and found a pair of red bikini cut panties that seemed to work well. So again I sat in the swivel chair in front of the mirror while Marsha fixed my hair and face again.
"There you are," Marsha whispered. "We may have to send in the police to get you the 2 blocks to the Summit. I cannot remember someone looking this sexy fully dressed. Look in the mirror and make sure you are comfortable with how I fixed the drape in front."
So I stood and looked in the mirror saying, "Oh that is fine. I show more skin in shorts. But I must admit it is suggestive."
"Make sure to keep the dress pulled down," Marsha instructed. "The dress is designed to drape like that naturally so just be careful if Charles tries to get you in one of his strange positions. Let's put on the jewelry," Marsha says as she opens a very pretty box. Marsha takes out what looks like diamond ear studs but I am sure it is glass and places them in both ears. She then places a large diamond looking necklace on me and a red stone anklet. She then placed a pair of red pumps on my feet. They fit nicely; with a wider low heal. I assumed they were built to dance in.
"Ok, thanks," I said smiling at Marsha. "You have been so good to me."
"No worries," Marsha said. "You are actually a pleasure. You would not believe how snooty some people can be just because they are beautiful."
"But I am not beautiful," I corrected.
"And that is why I like you working with you," Marsha explained. "Please don't change."
I went out to show this to Charles and he whistles. "Man, that is a picture I want to take. That dress just works."
Greta came in and took a look at me. "This is better than I thought. The client is going to love it. Marsha, when Charles gets back I want the raw pictures to send to the client to see if we are getting what they want. Charles let's get pictures of the jewelry now. Start with a headshot. Merna can use that as the start of her book also."
Charles had me stand in front of a blue screen while asking Marsha; "I want to just get the headshot with only her shoulders, not the dress."
Marsha unzipped the back of the dress about 6 inches and pulled the dress off the shoulders. She placed my hands where they would keep the dress from falling off, so I had my hands cupping the dress under my breasts. Most of my breasts were exposed. "Is this OK?"
"Sure, fine with me," I said emphatically. I think she was beginning to suspect that I liked to be exposed. Charles took a series of photos, turning my shoulders and face in different positions, each time touching me in various locations above my waist. Each time I had a most pleasant sensation. I liked this. I just hoped I was good enough to make this a second career and make a little money.
"Ok, that should do it," Charles said. "Marsha, fix Merna." Marsha pulled the dress back in position and re-zipped it.
She stepped back asking Greta, "Ok?"
"More than ok," Greta said with enthusiasm. "Could not be better. Merna, we will have security escort us to the Summit. You are wearing about 100k worth of jewelry."
"What!!" I exclaimed.
"Yes," Greta said. "And that is conservative. Ok let's go."
Marsha handed me a small cocktail purse saying, "Lipstick and mascara just in case up need to touch up."
As we got to the exit of the building, two large men joined us. They were wearing black slacks, black knit shirt, and a tan jacket with the company emblem on the pocket. They each had a visible pistol holster on their belts, not trying to hide them. One of them reached out his hand saying, "I am Tommie and this is Joey. Joey will walk in front with me behind you. You and Charles need to keep your bags in front of you not hanging beside you. Charles knows the drill. And please don't worry. Nothing will happen."
Tommie for some reason really caught my eye. He was about 6 feet 2 inches tall and probably 230 pounds. He was all muscles, large chest with a narrow waist, clearly in the gym a lot. He had a dark complexion, very Italian looking. No hair on his head with blue eyes and smooth skin. He was far from handsome but very interesting looking and I felt something like attraction to him. Maybe it was just that he was the protective type or maybe he was so different from Jake.
I did as instructed as we walked the 2 plus long blocks to the large building where the Summit was located. We did get attention from the well-dressed business people walking on the street. I felt like a princess being escorted to the castle. When we got to the elevator, Tommie said to Greta, "Just text me when you are ready to go and we will meet you here."
We went to the top floor of the building with the elevator opening directly to the Summit Club. A tall very good-looking man of about 50 was waiting for us, saying, "My name is Tony. I am the manager of the club." He was very lean with Italian features with salt and pepper hair that was slicked back. He was wearing a very expensive gray Italian suite. "Welcome," he said as he shook hands with Charles and Greta. "And you must be Merna."
"Yes sir," I said smiling with what I hoped was my sexy smile.
He kissed my hand. Again, I felt like a princess and probably blushed. "Ravishing," Tony said. A young girl was standing next to Tony waiting to be introduced. She dressed in a white shirt with a black bow tie and black slack. She was slim, average height with blonde hair. "This is Lynn, she will be your server for the day. Lynn, show them to the table.
As we walked away I heard Tony say over and over, "Ravaging, ravaging..."
Lynn led us to our table. "What would you like to drink?"
"I will have a vodka tonic," Greta said.
"Iced tea for me," Charles said. "I have to work this afternoon."
"Charles, should I also not drink?" I asked. I really wanted a glass of wine to help me relax. I was amped.
"Actually, I would encourage you to have a glass of wine if you wish," Charles directed. "You are working very well for a first timer. You just need to relax a little. So please have a glass or two if you wish."
"I would like a glass of Chardonnay," I told Lynn.
"Let me get the drinks while y'all decide what you want to eat," Lynn said.
Greta wanted to explain the business to me while waiting, "The club has given us permission to photograph without charge. I would be surprised if they don't want to purchase some of photos. If they do that is additional money. It they want to use your photos in advertising then an additional release is needed and you get more money. Often they don't know if they want to use the photos in advertising until they see the photos. Charles also gets additional money."
"That all sounds good to me," I declared.
Lynn arrived with our drinks but instead of a glass of wine she had a chilled bottle of Chardonnay, which she started to open. "I only ordered a glass," I informed her.
"Tony instructed me to bring a bottle of one of our better Chardonnay's," Lynn said. "It is yours to take with you. So drink what you wish."
I looked at Greta and Charles. Both gave me a don't make a big deal of this look so I said to Lynn, "Tell Tony thank you and I will enjoy it I am sure. Greta, do you want some?"
"I will stay with my cocktail," Greta responded. "Enjoy but don't drink too much."
"I won't," I committed. I took a sip of what was a very good wine.
"Are you ready to order?" Lynn asked. I just ordered a salad. I was too revved up to eat.
Charles got up and started taking pictures of me drinking and holding the wine. He made sure Greta was not in the photo and Greta knew to not get in the way. "Stand by the window, I want you silhouetted by the skyline." He asked me to move to different locations and positions until the food came. We were definitely attacking a lot of attention.
Our lunch arrived which we ate quickly. I finally had my glass of wine with the salad. Lynn came over and asked if she could pore me a second glass. I glanced at Charles and he made no sign not too. So I said, "Just a half." Lynn pored me just a little.
"Merna, we have a chill package that will seal the wine for later," Lynn stated.
As she said this Tony walked up and asked if he could sit. Greta agreed, "Please do."
"Thank you so much for the bottle of wine," I stated holding up the glass. "It is very good. I will enjoy finishing it tonight."
"My pleasure, my dear," Tony said.
"I would like to talk business," Tony said looking at Greta. Greta nodded. "We would like to put up a couple of your pictures in the club and maybe use them in advertising. Are you OK with that?"
"Yes, Greta has told me this might happen," I said smiling. "Greta will take care of it for me."
"Fine, fine," Tony said with a flourish of his hands. "Additionally, some of the business guys want a picture taken with you. Think we can do that?"
"We are really running late here," said Greta. "Charles and Merna have a lot of work to do today. We will have to make it quick. I will take care of all the paperwork while Charles and Merna finish taking pictures."
"Very good," Tony said. "Merna, I want you to come back at any time. The meal will always be on the house for you as long as I am here. You are ravishing!"
When we finished eating, Charles and I started moving around the Summit taking pictures at different locations including the ladies restroom which I had to admit was really impressive. Charles took several pictures of me reapplying lipstick in the mirror.
When we got back to the table, Greta was talking to 4 people. She introduced 2 partners in a downtown law firm, and 2 surgeons to Charles and me; each kissed my hand when I was introduced. "Merna do you mind having your picture taken with them?"
They were all as well dressed as Tony, so I said, "It would be my pleasure." Charles did the same picture we started with that showed the Birmingham skyline for each. Each had something to say to me that sounded something like a come on line but I was not sure.
"It is time the go," Greta said to everyone. "Tony will have your pictures tomorrow. And remember no use except personal use in your office or home. No use can be made of Merna's likeness without express written permission from her."
The two lawyer smiled saying, "Oh, we know the law and what we signed."
"Merna it was such a pleasure meeting you," they said in unison. I gave them one of my warmest smiles as we turned to leave.
Tommie and Joey were waiting for us at the bottom of the elevator to walk us back to the Bound Sisters building. I tried to get as close to Tommie as I could without being obvious. When we got back to the studio it was almost 3pm. Marsha was waiting, "You guys are very late."
"It was my fault," Greta said. "They all wanted to talk to Merna and Tony spent more time with us than usual. Merna you will be very late tonight. I will have dinner brought in around 6pm. At least you will have a good wine." I had brought back the remainder of the Chardonnay in a chill bag.
"Let's get you in the next dress," Marsha pushed. "Charles we are going to have to pick up the pace."
"Marsha, I need the picture taken of the jewelry and the Summit now," Greta instructed. "If you will put those on a thumb drive for me I will help Merna."
Marsha shook her head and went to a computer desk in the corner. Greta and I went behind the screen. Greta first removed the jewelry and placed them in their boxes. She then unzipped the dress, guiding the dress so that I could easily step out. "How do you like this work?" Greta asked.
"I just love it," I cooed. "I know I am getting older, so it is probably limited."
"Things have changed in modeling the last 10 years," Greta informed me. "Women who stay in good shape can model to 60. So you have longer than you think."
"Marsha advised me to stay in shape," I responded while wearing only panties. "I actually do work out now but not as regularly as I am going to."
Greta seemed to be staring at me. "You don't mind being nude in front of people do you?" She asked this while turning to get the next dress.
"No, but that is a recent tendency," I answered while stepping into a sundress. "Do you think I need a bra?" I asked, as I looked in the mirror as saw the hint of nipples through the thin material.
Greta responded after looking closely, "Yes, you do and I think you should lose the panties."
So I took the panties off. Greta pulled the top down and placed a very thin strapless bra on me. She brushed against my nipples as she placed the bra around me. I looked in the mirror when the dress was in place.
"Yep that looks good," Greta said. "I can't believe you don't need a touch up and your hair is still in place. Marsha must be taking it easy today."
"What do you mean?" Marsha said laughing coming up behind Greta. "You are right Merna is a dream to work with. Here is your thumb drive. You look ready to go. Greta, Tommie is here to pick up the jewelry box."
"Have him come in," Greta said.
As Tommie was coming in I stepped from behind the partition to greet him, "Hi Tommie. Good to see you again."
"You too, Madam." Tommie was smiling and obviously happy to see me. Even though that was all the conversation we had, it seemed like we were passing messages to each other. He had to leave immediately with the jewelry box.
Charles was ready for me so we started back for the afternoon. We really picked up the pace, so about 5pm we moved on to the lingerie. Marsha said, "I need to put these over your nipples. It covers the areola so they won't be seen through lingerie. I put them on with a theatrical adhesive. It will not hurt to take off if I do it but you should not try to take them off until you see how I do it."
Marsha very carefully placed a small amount of adhesive in each of the circular flesh colored material. The material was almost exactly my color and only barely large enough to cover the areola. "You can barely tell I have anything on," I mused.
Marsha grinned and opened a drawer that was filled with all different shapes and colors of the covers. "I have been looking at your tits all day so it was easy for me to pick the closet match for size and color."
Marsha then held each one with her hand until they were solidly in place. The first piece was a pair of silk pajamas. Charles did that quickly. The next one was a baby doll almost exactly like the one I wore for the Officers at Talladega. The thong barely covered my pussy. Charles in taking these pictures seemed to touch me more than he had all day. There was a knock on the door and a young boy of about 18 was let in with our food. Marsha directed him to the kitchen to drop it off. When he saw me his eyes bugged out. I decided to give him a thrill by bending over to pick up something off the floor. This gave him a good view. I was sure he would beat off thinking of my ass in the air that night.
"You gave that boy a thrill," Marsha said smiling.
Charles finished with the Baby Doll and asked, "Y'all want to have a quick dinner before we finish?"
Marsha and I both said yes. Marsha and I each had a glass of my Chardonnay while we ate. Marsha thought it was really good. So good we polished off the bottle.
Greta entered and said, "I like the Baby Doll for evening dining. If we all looked like you we would make that our standard attire."
"Charles, the client is very impressed with the work," Greta beamed. "And Merna you have real fans. They have another set scheduled in 2 weeks and want you to do the work. I can now tell you the client is Keene's in Dallas. These pictures are going in their catalog."
I was amazed, sure my month stood open. "I don't know what to say. You mean Keene's the high-end merchandise store in Dallas likes my work and wants me again?"
"Merna close your mouth," Greta laughed. "It is actually better than that. They may want you to come out for a show the following month."
I just stared at the 3 for a minute and started crying. I hugged Greta saying, "Thank you." Of course my ass was being shown to Charles and Marsha.
"What about me," Charles said. So I gave Charles a big hug, squeezing tighter than was necessary. I thought I felt a hard dick between his legs.
"What about me," Marsha said. So I gave Marsha a tight squeeze. Her hands drifted to the top of my ass. It felt good. I was excited in many ways.
"Ok guys, get finished up," Greta said. "Merna come in tomorrow at 9am. We have some graphics work to do. I know it is boring compared to today but it is money. Tommie the security guy will wait until you are finished and walk you to your cars."
Marsha helped me put on the final piece of lingerie. It was a very shire teddy. My tits were all but showing and the crotch left little to the imagination. Marsha looked at me and asked, "Are you going to be ok with this?"
"I'm fine but can this be shown in a catalog?" I asked.
"I will have to make it fuzzy in the appropriate places," Marsha stated. "But Charles is likely to get a hard on seeing this. He is pretty immune but this may be too much for him."
"I don't mind that," I said thoughtfully. "I would not mind messing around with him. This has made me horny. Oh no I can't believe I said that. Is he your boyfriend?"
"No, he is not," Marsha smiled. "I think I have a idea. Tease him will you."
"Really," I said.
"Really," Marsha said.
So during this session I made a point of having him touch and position me a lot. I rubbed up against him every chance I got. I let my hand brush against his crotch several time. I knew he was getting excited.
As I was putting on the red bikini, Marsha said, "I often give a model a shoulder message at the end of the day. I am going to give you a full body message with us nude. I am sure Charles will join us."
"What about Tommie?" I asked.
"You are a devil in a beautiful package," Marsha said.
"Only lately," I said with a grin. "I think he desires some consideration for staying late for us."
"I am good with that also," Marsha said. "I will call him in just before Charles finishes.
The red bikini was sure sexy but not very reveling so Charles breezed through the shot. It was after 7pm now.
As Marsha was asking as there was a knock on the door. "Do you want a massage Merna? These shoots can make people really tight."
"I would love it," I said. Marsha opened the door as Charles was putting away his cameras and equipment. Tommie stood inside the door waiting. Marsha walked over and started removing the bikini without going behind the partition. She had me lay on a sofa with no back or arms. It may have been a message table. Then Marsha removed her clothes and picked up a bottle of message lotion spreading it on my back and started a kneading my back and shoulders. Charles had gone into the equipment room.
"Tommie would you like to help?"
"Absolutely." He started to message my shoulders.
"No clothes in this message parlor," Marsha said. Tommie had his clothes off in a second. I look up at his body and he was big and ripped. His penis was large but nothing approaching Jerome but none the less impressive. "You take the legs and ass, while I work on her shoulder and back. This girl has had a hard day."
Tommie was already hard. He started at my feet and worked his way up. I am sure he was staring at a wet pussy from the time he started. I could feel his penis rubbing on my thighs as he began to knead my ass cheeks.
"What a great ass you have," Tommie said.
"What is going on here?" Charles said as he walked in the room.
"Merna's shoulder were tight and wanted me to give her a message," Marsha said smiling. "And Merna thought Tommie needed to be rewarded for waiting around for us and protecting us today. I just wanted to get naked and fuck. Think you can handle that?"
"Boy can I," Charles laughed. "I have been horny since the Baby Doll. I know Merna was teasing me the last couple of sessions we did. Glad to see she will follow though. I am ready to fuck any one but Tommie."
"Buddy don't even think about it," he laughed.
Marsha went back to messaging my shoulder while Tommie was applying more lotion to my ass cheeks, allowing it to flow to an already wet pussy. He was sliding his hands from the top of my ass down to my fat pussy lips, kneading all the way. Charles was behind Marsha rubbing her tits with oil. His now hard dick was between her legs applying pressure to her pussy.
"Turn over," Marsha instructed me. I did. Again, Tommie started at my feet and slowly moved up my leg and finally to my pussy. Marsha took one tit while Charles took the other. They were kissing while they did this. I was now afraid they did have a relationship. This was the kiss of lovers. But I could not stop now. Marsha then straddled me and held her pussy over my mouth to have me suck her. Tommie was sucking my pussy while Charles rubbed my tits and Marsha's ass cheeks. I was in bliss and having orgasm from Tommie's tongue.
Tommie straddled the bench and impaled his dick in my pussy. He pulled my legs up so he could get all the way in. I continued to work on Marsha's pussy while Charles rubbed my tits and Marsha ass cheeks.
"I am ready for a dick," Marsha said. "Tommie, let Charles have a little of that and let me take care of you." So Tommie picked up Marsha and bent her over the couches arm. He started pumping her from behind while Charles entered me with the same position Tommie had taken. Charles was small compared to Tommie but it still felt very good to have this man that had spent the day giving me so much attention screw me.
Tommie was the first to finish. He pulled out and spread cum all over Marsha ass. When Charles saw this he could not hold off any longer and filled me with his fluids. Tommie and Marsha were setting on the couch waiting us finish. Charles stood saying, "This was a good way to end a very good day."
"Wasn't it dear?" Marsha said and smiled at me.
"I thought you said he was not your boyfriend," I said with my consternation. Tommie was laughing hard. What is he laughing at I thought?
"I am her husband not her boyfriend," Charles said laughing also.
I set up with a shocked look on my face. "Have I screwed up?" Everyone laughed at this mistake in wording. "I am so sorry Marsha, I did not know."
"You did not know because I was afraid you would not do this if you knew," Marsha explained. "Charles and I have an open relationship. We very much enjoy these little trysts. Usually, we plan these together but I thought he would like to be surprised. Did you enjoy the surprise baby?"
"Yes I did," Charles exclaimed. "Thank you for the treat."
"Don't mention it," Marsha said. "Good to meet Tommie finally. Hi my name is Marsha." Marsha said this extending her hand to Tommie.
"Really nice to meet you," Tommie said. "And thank you Merna for thinking of me. You are one big-hearted lady. Now we need to get you all to your cars."
We all dressed quickly and Tommie locked up. He took Charles and Marsha to their car first. As we walked to mine he said, "Would you like for me to drive you home? You have had a long day and I would be happy to chafer you."
"How would you get back if you drive me in my car," I mused knowing the answer.
"I hoped you would let me sleep at your house and drive you back here tomorrow," he grinned sheepishly.
"I think that works," I smiled. "I do have a spare tooth brush and bedroom."
It took about 45 minutes to get home. As we were driving we discussed how to organize in the morning with Tommie informing me, "I have to be at the Bound Sisters tomorrow morning at 10am. They have a celebrity coming in from Florida and a top-level photographer arranged to do a shoot at their offices. They seem to arrange a lot of these and want our security company to handle security. Mostly we keep the press away. And of course we have to keep names secret."
"Oh, I don't really get into that anyway," I explained. "Do you work for the Bound Sisters often?"
"Probably one day a week," Tommie explained. "It is a little unusual to have two days in a row. Our company does work all over the southeast. Mostly Joey and I take care of Alabama but occasionally we have to go to other states in the southeast. Our firm is located in Atlanta."
"Do you like this work?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Tommie, do you mind calling me Merna not ma'am," I said with some exasperation. "I know you are a lot younger than me but don't remind me."
"That is not the reason!" Tommie said with panic in his voice. "I don't think of you as older, but we are taught to show respect for the client on the job. Anyway, I am 29, not so different from you I expect."
"How old do you think I am?" I asked knowing this was a trap.
"Ma'am, ah I mean, Merna I would be afraid to guess," Tommie smartly said. "Is there any way I can get out of this hole? If I have offended you, please forgive me."
I laughed. He also laughed. "You have not offended me. I was just picking at you. I am 37. Here is my house."
As Tommie pulled into the driveway it was almost 9 pm. Tommie unlocked the door and went in first. It then dawned on him what he had just done. "I did it again," he started, "I should have let you in first. It is our training to enter first and check security. I am so nervous around you."
"Don't be, I am just another girl."
"No you are not," Tommie said with admiration. "First you are a lady, you are kind and beautiful."
"Thank you," I said smiling, "that is quite a complement. I bet you say that to all the girls you fuck on the first day of work." We both laughed as Tommie blushed. It was strange to see this large strong man blushing. "Have you eaten?"
"I have not," Tommie answered.
"I have some left over Baked Ziti, bread and beer," I said. "How does that sound?"
"That sounds amazing."
"There is a small refrigerator on the back poach with some beer," I said. "I will warm this up in the microwave and bring it out to the table on the patio. It is such a lovely night, I think you will enjoy the view."
"That sounds great. Do you want anything?"
"There is a open bottle of white wine in the refrigerator," I informed Tommie. "You can pour me a glass."
So Tommie went outside while I fixed him a plate of food. He was sitting at the table with his beer and the pistol holster lying on the table. I glanced at it. "Does the gun bother you?" Tommie asked.
"Not at all," I answered. "I think I would like to know how to shoot."
"I would be more than happy to show you."
"I would appreciate it," I said. While Tommie ate I gave him the short version of my current situation. As he finished his plate I asked, "Want some more?"
"No that was perfect, thank you so much. But I will grab another beer. Do you want some more wine?"
"No that is all I can drink." I answered. "It is almost 10 and we need to leave by 8am tomorrow morning to get to the Bound Sisters by 9. I want to get up at 6am and swim some laps. It was obvious yesterday; I need to get in better shape. The lake is really clear and a great place to swim laps. It will be a little cold but you get used to it."
"Can I join you?" Tommie said. "I love to swim laps and don't get to do that often."
"Sounds good," I said. "There is not a clock in the guest room, I will knock on the door. I was serious that you are sleeping in a different room tonight."
"I knew that," Tommie said sounding a little disappointed.
"Can you tell me just a little about yourself before we retire to our bedrooms?"
"I joined the military when I was 18," Tommie started, "became a part of an elite unit, served in both Iraq and Afghanistan for multiple tours totaling 5 years, deciding I did not want to make the service a career so I took the opportunity to join this firm. The firm was founded by my first CO in Iraq."
"Thank you for your service," I said. "That is impressive. I did not realize how safe I was this afternoon."
"Joey has a similar story," Tommie said. "He did not serve quite as long as I did."
"Tommie, I am sorry but I am exhausted, let me show you your room and where your toothbrush is."
"I am ready to turn in also," said Tommie. I picked up dishes, took then in the kitchen to place them in the dishwasher and showed Tommie to the guest bedroom.
At the door, I faced him saying, "Want to kiss as older lady goodnight?"
"I sure would but here is a deal," Tommie said pausing, "I won't call you ma'am outside the office and you never mention your age. I just don't think about your age."
I did not say anything, just reach around his neck and pulled myself up to kiss him. This was not you ordinary perfunctory kiss. It lasted several minutes and shocked me to my toes. We broke apart not saying anything as I went to my door and closed it. I thought maybe sleeping in separate rooms was a bad idea. That kiss made me tingle all over. I shook my head, got undressed and got under the covers in the nude as usual trying not to think about Tommie. I really did need some rest.