I still wasn't sleeping well after my experience of seeing the ground rushing towards the three of us in that little plane, and it put a damper on my sexual adventurousness for a couple of days. However, I was looking forward to starting a new pose at the life class, wondering which part of me the Professor wanted the class to focus on.
Bill and I headed off that evening, and I left him when we got to the building. He went to join up with Peggy and the rest of his class, while I went to the changing room that opened on to it. Changing was a bit of an exaggeration, because I was only wearing slip-on shoes, and a loose cotton smock, and I'd hardly had time to slip them off before the Professor came into the room.
"Hi Prof. What pose do you want me in this time?" I asked.
"Well ... um ... Jo. Remember the Courbet and the Schiele when you auditioned?"
The Courbet painting was of a woman lead on her back, one leg off the side of the bed, and her face hidden under one arm, but it was the Schiele I remembered, because it was a similar pose, but with the woman pulling her labia wide open. A shudder went through me, as I remembered the fear and thrill the first time I'd let a stranger look at the full glories of my open cunt, and how I'd ended up fucking myself with my car's gear stick afterwards.
"Yes? Well, I think the Schiele is a bit much to ask, but ... um ... I was thinking ... um ... maybe you could get you labia to stay apart, so everyone can see inside your ... um ... vulva, but you could still keep your face covered."
Oh fuck, could I really let the whole class, still strangers except Bill and Peggy, look up my hole? My blood was pumping adrenalin around me, making me tremble, while at the same time, the thought of it made me tingle all over.
"Fine, Prof, let's give it a go then."
I followed him into the classroom, getting the usual thrill at letting everyone see my naked body, and I lay back on the bed, my head hanging over one end, my legs apart, with one dangling over the other side. I knew everyone could see the full length of my slit, and I used my hand to try to pull my lips open so they could see up inside.
"How's that Prof?"
"Well ... um ... I'd like you ... um ... a bit more open, Jo."
A wicked thought flashed into my mind, and my mouth spoke it, even before my brain realised just how wicked it was.
"Alright, Prof, why don't you arrange it me how you want? That way, you can make sure it's the same next time."
I heard a sharp intake of breath from him. "Are you sure you don't mind, Jo?"
I said no, but it was only as I felt his fingers touch my cuntlips that I realised quite how wicked this was. I'd had some pretty way out experiences, but a shudder ran through me as I realised that it was one thing to show pussy to the class, but quite another for them to see their Professor pulling my cunt open right in front of them, my husband included.
God, it felt the dirtiest, most shameful thing I'd ever done. I mean, what sort of woman would let a stranger pull her pussy around so that a group of strangers could look up her hole? I was disgusted with myself.
The problem was, though, that it was also one of the most intensely thrilling things I'd ever experienced. I caught the waft of my scent. I knew from the smell that cum must be pouring out of me, which was confirmed by the soft sound like Velcro being pulled apart as he separated my labia with his fingers. I had a vivid image of threads of white goo, taut across my vagina. I could see the bulge in the Professor's pants, and I knew that had we been alone, I couldn't have stopped him fucking me, and nor did I want to.
With my head over the back of the bed, I couldn't see the class. That didn't stop me imagining all of them staring, amazed for sure, disgusted probably, excited hopefully, as they watched the Professor's fingers pulling my cuntlips apart right in front of them, each time letting them see up into my vagina, repeating it until he managed to leave it gaping and open.
I desperately wanted him to touch my clit, because I wanted to come, and was sure even the first touch would send me over the edge. It would be fun to come in front of Bill, but yet it struck me that it would be a very unprofessional thing for a life model to do. It took me all of my determination to force myself to wait until the class was over, and just to lay back and enjoy knowing that the whole class could now see deep into my cunt.
Maybe it was my lack of sleep, or the pose of laying on the bed with my arm over my face, or just my imaginings of what the class were thinking about seeing right up inside me. Probably the combination, I guess, because I must have dropped off to sleep, sleeping right through the break, because the next thing I was conscious of was something sliding up inside me.
It took me a while for my brain to catch up where I was, and I kept still as I tried to work out what exactly was happening. I slowly lifted my arm, and opened my eyes part way. I could see that the class had left, all except the Professor, who was standing at the edge of the bed, his erect cock sticking out of his pants being stroked by his left hand, while the fingers of his right hand were pulling my hole open, then pushing deep inside, before being pulled out again.
I'm sure you'd agree, it was too good an opportunity to miss, wasn't it?
"Why don't you just fuck me, Prof? Shove your cock up my cunt instead of your fingers. I know you've been dying to do it since you auditioned me."
He pulled his fingers out of me, but for a few moments, I didn't think he was going to do it. Then I heard a second voice, in a loud whisper. It was Bill, of course.
"Go on Prof. You could see she was gagging for it earlier. I mean, what sort of woman would let you pull her around in front of us all? She's just a fucking slut. You take her cunt while I use the hole at the other end. You don't mind, whatever your name is, do you?"
He knew I didn't, of course, but I'd only just got my mouth open to answer, when Bill rammed his cock right down my throat, at the same time as I felt the Professor's cock forcing its way into my slippery cunt.
Oh God, it was so good to feel the Professor's cock pistoning in and out of me, while my husband, who as far as the Professor was concerned was also a stranger to me, was fucking my mouth hard. And when I say hard, I mean it. Bill had rammed his cock deep into my throat, leaving his balls and pubes against my face. I couldn't help gagging at first, but I'd had plenty of practice with the delivery guys, and Bill had learned from that just how far he could go to turn my mouth into a tight hole to get him off, while still leaving me enough air to breathe.
He'd watched me get fucked before, of course: the time with the janitor, and I'd told him every detail of the cocks I'd had in me in Chicago, and the experiences in the sex shop and that wretched little aeroplane. However, this was the first time he'd seen be being screwed while he fucked another of my holes at the same time. It was a wonderful sensation, my entire being buzzing from having sex with my husband and another man at the same time, their two cocks deep in my body.
I just hoped he was getting a good look at the Prof's cock tearing my pussy apart, disappearing inside me. In any case, he was also squeezing one of my tits, while the Prof was working the nipple of the other one between his fingers and thumb. I could see the fixed stare on his face as he watched Bill's cock fucking my mouth, but I knew he was focussed on the stimulation my cunt was giving his dick as it went in and out of me like crazy.
I knew he was never going to last, having fantasised about me for weeks, his fantasy now having come true. He was in me, and going to shoot his spunk as deep into me as any man ever could. I was enjoying the spit-roasting as much as him, so I could forgive him not paying as much attention to me as he should, and I used my own hand to rub my clit, getting hit against his pubes with each massive stroke.
The situation must have got to Bill as well, because I recognised the signs: the taste of his precum in my mouth, the tightening of his ball sac, and the pace of his strokes, pulling almost right out of my mouth, letting me catch a breath, then driving his cock past the back of my mouth and into my throat.
"Come right up that dirty cunt that the whore loves showing everyone, Prof. Fill her fucking hole with your cum."
I guessed that Bill did it partly to excite him, but as much to make sure that he didn't fill my mouth with spunk too long before the Prof filled my vagina. Of course, it worked on me as well. I did, I really did love people seeing my naked body, and my cunt more than anything, so as I felt the Prof's short strokes and the twitching of his cock as he jetted his sperm into me, I came.
I guess Bill was going to come anyway, but as the Prof and I jerked around as I took his spunk into my vagina, Bill shot his seed straight down my throat, making me struggle to swallow it without choking, as my climaxing body sought oxygen.
As I came down from my orgasm, I guess I was expecting Bill to point out that I was his wife, though I don't quite know why. Would it have made me seem any less of a slut that the cock in my mouth was my husband's, while I was letting the art teacher fuck me? But he didn't. It was the Prof who pulled away first, looking a bit guilty as he realised what he'd done. He stuffed his limp cock into his pants, then went to the changing room to get my dress and shoes.
"You'd better get dressed, Jo. The janitor will be around soon to lock everything up. And you ... uh ... sir," he said handing me my dress, and dropping the shoes on to the floor. "See you next week, I hope?"
"Yeah, don't worry ..." I started to say, but the Prof had already shot out of the classroom.
I went to put my dress on, but Bill snatched it from my hand.
"Oh no, Jo. If you want to let everyone see you naked, you can stay that way until we get home."
"What if the janitor or someone catches us?"
"I'm sure you could manage fuck him as well, to keep him quiet, Jo."
Shit, I thought Bill enjoyed me showing off my body, and even more watching me have sex with other men and women, but was I wrong? I started to worry, and started to ask Bill what he really meant, but he'd already strode off down the corridor, my dress dangling from his hand.
He was right, of course. The way I had been feeling before Bill's comment, I'd have happily let the janitor fuck me if he wanted, and could cope with me being full of another man's cum. I could feel the Professor's spunk running down my leg as I raced to catch up with my husband, and I was pretty sure I must still have some of Bill's around my lips and on my face.
As it happened, we didn't meet anyone. The classrooms were all dark, with just the emergency and cleaning lights on down the corridors, and the parking let was dark and empty. Bill was already in the driving seat, and had laid my dress on the passenger seat, as I got in and sat on top of it.
"Come on Bill, what's wrong? I thought you liked other people seeing me and even screwing me?"
"Shit, Jo, I did ... I do ... but there was something infinitely more shocking about watching the Prof pulling your cunt about. I know I don't own you, but it was as if he owned you, the way he was opening you up for everyone to see. Strangely, it might not have felt that way if he'd been having sex with you, but it just did when he was cold-bloodedly arranging your private parts.
"Hell, I don't think I'd ever seen that far up you before we were married, and even afterwards, except when you were giving birth, of course. I didn't even realise quite where your peehole was - I knew it was around there somewhere, of course - until I watched you piss all over the janitor that time. But all of the class got a good view of it when the Prof opened you up."
Fucking hell, that couldn't be right, surely? But I realised it probably was. When we were young, it was all about the action: getting a cock up me, and unloading it inside, rather than anticipation and visual foreplay. No, a good meal then was something filling, and we hadn't learned how the ambience, the description on the menu, the aroma and the visual appearance was as much of the fine dining experience as actually eating. Fucking was the same.
"God, Jo, it suddenly hit me what a slut you have become. I just wanted to ... I don't know ... punish you maybe, so rather than just watch the Prof fuck you, as I knew he was going to eventually, I wanted to use you like meat, the same way he was, and make you choke on my cock."
"I'm sorry, Bill, but you need to remember you don't own my body," I said, running my hands over my breasts, and down over my belly. "It's mine, and I'm going to do with it what I want, and let whoever I want take it, and use it like a whore's.
"It's my heart and soul you own. We fell in love, had children, and I still love you as much ... no, actually far more than I ever have before. I promise that no one else, man or woman, will get to fuck me more than you, but you'd better accept that in total, others will fuck me more than you. I don't expect any more of you. Fuck June or whoever as much as you want, as long as you tell me about it. God, Bill, I love watching your cock disappear up another woman's cunt. Yes, I'm a slut, a dirty whore, but I'm your slutty whore, Bill."
Bill didn't reply, but just drove on, looking serious. I was really starting to worry by then that I'd gone too far, but as we turned into our drive, and pulled to a halt, he spoke again.
"Fine, well, if your determined to be a slut, get out of the car, lay on the lawn, and let me fuck you out here in the open, where our neighbours could see if they look out."
He got out of the car fast, then came around to my side, pulling me out, pushing me into the middle of the circle of closely trimmed grass in the centre of the garden, then forcing me down on the ground.
"Now open your cunt again, Jo, and let me see the Professor's spunk still inside you. You might have had him first, but it's your husband's sperm that will stay in you overnight. Go on, open your legs, you fucking slut."
He was right: I was a slut. It was what I wanted to be now, so I decided that I might as well enjoy it. I lay on my back, my legs bent, as wide apart as I could get them, and I grabbed my labia and pulled my cunt wide open, wider even than the Professor had managed. I'd felt spunk still running down my leg when I got out of the car, so I was pretty sure that there would be plenty of it visible along my slit, and up in my hole.
"Come on then, Bill. Ram your cock up my cunt, my cunt full of the Professor's sperm, busily trying to make me pregnant. Only a disgusting, dirty slut would expect her husband to fuck her when she was still full of some other man's cum, wouldn't she? But I love it, and who knows, maybe from now on, I'll only let you fuck me when I've just been nailed by someone else?"
God, why did I say that? I didn't really think I'd do it, but the thought of it sent a whole fusillade of electric shocks shooting through my body, made more intense by knowing that we were within sight of the neighbours' houses. I wanted his cock up me more than anything, up me hard, filling me more than I'd ever been filled, and I wanted to come and come again as Bill's shaft squelched in and out of my cum-filled vagina.
What was certain was that whether I meant it or not, it had turned Bill on as much as me. He almost tore his pants in his rush to get them down, and he practically fell on top of me as they got caught around his knees. Still, I was so slippery and far open that although his cock hit against the front of my slit, it slid back and up inside me with a slurp. Then he started driving himself in and out of me, his balls hitting my ass with each stroke, and his cock stretching the top of my vagina.
"God, Jo, I love you," he gasped as he pumped away in me, his hand joining mine on my clit, as I soared upwards towards my first orgasm. "You can have who you want as often as you like, but just don't stop loving me, and letting me have you sometimes as well, however many men have come in you already."
Oh fuck, I thought one was enough, but the thought of being fucked by three, four or even five men, and then making Bill fuck my overflowing cunt was too much for me, and I came. I grabbed a breast with my spare hand, and squeezed on my nipple until my eyes filled with tears, as my hips bucked around, making Bill's thrusts up me even more forceful.
It was wonderful. The prickly grass tickling my ass underneath me, the thought of the neighbours watching, my husband thrusting away inside me, squeezing out the Professor's spunk with each stroke, and our two hands on my clit starting to move again as my first climax passed.
"I love you too, Bill, and I love knowing that you're fucking other women as well. Yeah, I want to watch you fuck June again, darling."
"Oh, Jo," he said, pulling his head back and looking me in the eye. "I'm fucking her now."
"Aagghh! FUCK!" I screamed, Bill grunting in my ear as he injected his sperm deep inside me, and the thought of it being in June sent both of us over the top.
The bastard! He'd found a way to get his own back at me, but in a delicious, dirty, amusing way. I dragged his head back by his hair, then pulled his mouth over mine, and we enjoyed a long, passionate kiss, our tongues inside each other's mouths as his cock softened, and slipped out of me.
"Goodnight."
Shit, we both nearly jumped out of skins. It was that dog walker again, I realised, as I heard the clink of the leash as the dog followed its master. One day, I'd actually get to find out who exactly it was. Indeed, was it even just one person who seemed to keep catching us?
We slowly picked ourselves up, Bill scuffed into the grass the pool of white that had leaked out of me, and we walked slowly to the house, our arms around each other. I found it hard to believe that only a few months earlier I had been well on the way to becoming an alcoholic, convinced I no longer had anything worth living for now our daughters had left home. When I thought back, I realised I was unconsciously trying to kill myself, and chances were, I'd have stepped the pace up within the year.
Yet now, I felt so energised, so grateful to be alive, knowing that I was still more than enough of a woman to attract men, bisexual enough to enjoy women, and that while Bill and I were more in love than ever, neither of us needed to be tied down by ridiculous ideas of sexual fidelity. No, we both were now enjoying sex with each other far more than we ever had, now we could freely sample the delights of fucking other people.
We showered, Bill wonderfully making me come again as between us we scooped the spunk out of my vagina, and cleaned off my pussy. Then we went to bed naked, and spooned each other to sleep.
It wasn't until I woke in the morning that I remembered that it was another special MILF night at the club. Normally I'd looked forwards to showing off my tits to everyone who came in, hidden behind my golden mask for anonymity, but I guess the Professor showing my cunt to the art class was such a greater thrill as to put my topless sessions at the club in the shade.
"You'd better get yourself something to eat, tonight, then Bill. I'll grab a burger or something before the MILF night opens."
"OK, Jo. Maybe I'll just stay in the office late, though. June and I have got a ton of work to get through."
Yeah, and no doubt a lot of fucking to catch up on after what he'd said to me the previous evening. Still, given that I would be flashing my tits at loads of strangers, I was hardly in a position to complain, was I? I wasn't really getting a teensy bit jealous of June, now, was I?
I was starting to feel the tingle again by the time I headed off into town, though, and that was probably why I got there a bit earlier than I'd intended. I'd said a burger, but I got tempted in to a fried chicken place as I walked past, and saw the black woman who was also one of the MILF waitresses, sat at a table on her own.
"Hi! Do you mind if I join you? It seems a bit strange that we've seen each other naked, but we've never really talked, and I don't even know your name. I'm Jo, by the way."
She told me her name was Glenda, and she'd be happy for me to join her, so I went to the counter to get my order, then went back to sit with her.
"So, Jo, how come you're flashing your tits in a place like this? You don't seem the normal sort of woman who ends up letting people exploit her body. It can't be for the money, surely?"
"It's a long story, Glenda. The question is, though, can I trust you not to spread it around to all the others, given I barely know you?"
"Yeah, I see what you're saying. I notice you didn't say I didn't look like the sort to be doing this either. Probably because I'm black, eh? I'm not, or I wasn't anyway, but you tell me your story, and I'll tell you mine, then we'll both have something on each other."
What she'd said had got me hooked. I remembered the look of her mammoth tits, and her large, dark labia hiding the brilliant pink of her slit, and fuck, I wanted her. It seemed a fair trade, and maybe she'd tell me enough that I could persuade her to let me suck those huge black nipples, and eat out her beautiful, colourful cunt. So, I told her how from depression I'd become an accidental exhibitionist, then moved through deliberately showing my body to being a full-blown slut.
"Motherfucker! I can see why you were nervous about telling me."
"Hmm. So now it's your turn, Glenda. Are your secrets as dirty as mine?"
"Well, it sounds like my parents had less money, but more morals than yours. They both helped out at the local church, and I was a singer in the Gospel choir. To their surprise, and mine, I did well at school, even though it was still segregated when I started, and I went to College to do a computing course. I was good, got top honours.
"Trouble was, well, it didn't seem like trouble at the time, these babies got a lot of attention," she continued, boosting her breasts with an arm, and giving them a jiggle. "I just loved the effect they had on boys when I took them out, and let them play with them. And I just loved cock, black or white was all the same to me.
"Anyway, that all changed when I fell in love with Aaron, one of the quarterbacks on the football team. We both finished our courses, and Aaron got a place on the local professional squad, while I got a well-paid job in an IT company. We had a couple of kids, and everything seemed great, but then, like every sob story, it all started to fall apart.
"Aaron had had a few injuries, but then he had a few more, and the last one ended his football career for good. He wasn't famous enough to pull in any favours, and whilst he had been athletic, brain work was never his strong point. His injuries stopped him doing any heavy manual work, and eventually he got a job as a barman in one of the big hotels.
"The pay was terrible, of course, but my job was paying well enough for us to comfortably get by. That was until the recession hit, and I was let go, just so some white bitch related to the owners could have my job.
"It's been tough, what with the boys going through school, and wanting to go to college. Truth is, I turned a few tricks to stop us going under."
"Hell, Glenda, didn't Aaron mind?"
"He didn't have a lot of choice, but being a barman, he was in a perfect position to hook me up with lonely businessmen, so yes, he was also my pimp for a while. Not only that, but I ran into a few other girls on their own, and Aaron would pimp them out as well. Hah, well, he didn't just pimp them, he fucked them as well, but I could hardly expect him to be faithful when I was fucking men for money, could I?
"So, yes, I am doing it for the money. Its not as much as I could get turning tricks, but I was terrified my sons would find out. It's bad enough being here, but I kind of feel better about myself. It might sound as if being on the game would be great for someone who likes fucking as much as I do, but believe me it isn't."
Shit, I could imagine she'd be even less happy for me to tell anyone else about her, than the other way around. However, the germ of an idea started growing in my brain
"So,. what so of computing was your speciality, Glenda, and have you been able to keep it up? Surely you could have found another job in IT if so?"
"Yeah, I've kept it up, and I keep going for interviews, but somehow no one seems to take a middle-aged BBBW seriously: colour, gender and size all seeming to go against me."
I suppose you think that I was hoping to persuade Bill to give her an interview, and hopefully take her on, giving him someone else who'd let him fuck her, to stop him getting too hung up on June, then her letting me fuck her through gratitude, and maybe even get Aaron's big black cock up me, because that was what I'm sure it would be like? You're right, of course, but I knew that Bill wouldn't take her if she was no good at the job, so I needed to speak to him, and get something set up before I could raise it with her.
By the time we'd finished out stories, we had to dash to the club and change in a hurry. I made sure I let her see all my private bits, and I didn't disguise the fact that I was looking at hers, as we stripped naked next to each other, before putting on our tiny thongs. Hell, that germ of an idea had not only taken root, but was growing like crazy, as I imagined my first experiences of sex with a black woman and a black man, and especially watching a huge black cock disappear into my stretched cunt.
My pussy was tingling so much, and my imagination running so wild, that I barely paid any attention to the customers, just enjoyed dangling my tits in front of them, brushing against them if I could, while in my mind I was seducing Glenda's black husband.
Well, I wasn't paying much attention until I approached a couple who must have arrived shortly before. They were sat in one of the corner booths, and I wasn't surprised to see that the position of one of the guys hands was almost certainly between the woman's legs, just the way I'd caught June with her son.
"Aren't you even going to say hi?" a familiar voice asked.
Fuck, it was Bill, and when I looked properly, he was with June. I couldn't believe I hadn't noticed, having just thought of her.
"Oh, hi Bill, June. What are you two up to? I thought you were working?"
"We finished early, so I thought we'd relax a little, darling." Bill said.
As he spoke, June had shuffled around in the booth a bit, sliding forward at the same time, and when she pulled her skirt up, I could see exactly why she had done it. I could clearly see her trimmed pubes, and Bill's finger disappearing inside her slit.
"By the way, Jo, I've fixed the bet with George's buddies, so it's time for you to deliver your side of our bargain. They're going to be in the changing rooms at school tomorrow, after some private batting practice," she said smirking. "Don't worry, they're all over eighteen, and like George they'll be leaving for university soon, so you won't need to see the others again."
That gave it away, and when I looked down, I saw Bill's finger moving around, clearly playing with her clit. Shit, had I really agreed to her conditions just so my husband could fuck her tight little cunt?
I knew that wasn't quite it, though. I'd agreed to it primarily to ease the guilt of exposing myself to strangers, then letting that janitor fuck me, by finding someone for Bill to fuck to balance things out. And as I'd discovered, she did have a gorgeous looking and tasting pussy, which I was determined to claim my share of.
I took their drinks orders, then carried them back over to their table. June, of course, had managed to open her legs a bit more, so I could see my husband's fingers in her cunt as I walked across towards them.
"Thanks, Jo. Come here, and I'll give you a tip," Bill said quietly.
I bent towards him, wondering what tip he was going to give me. A $10 down my thong, maybe? Oh no, it turned out to be nothing like that. As I looked into his eyes, our faces close, he smiled, and before I knew it, he pushed two fingers in between my lips. Two fingers covered with June's cum.
Fucking hell, what sort of man would think his wife would appreciate the taste of another woman he'd been fingering? My husband, of course, who knew me only too well. I sucked every molecule of June's slimy, perfumed secretion from his fingers, then gave him a quick kiss.
"See you later, darling. Who knows, if I've managed to find someone else to fuck, maybe I'll let you fuck me as well - if SHE hasn't taken it all out of you."
If nothing else, it reinforced my intention to see if I could get Glenda a job in the office. I wasn't surprised when I saw them leave not many minutes later, I mean, if it had been my fingers in her slit, I'd have wanted to fuck her properly as soon as I could as well. Fortunately, I had a lively collection of customers, and trying to appear as if I was stopping them grabbing my tits, when actually making sure they got a good feel, kept me amused.
I said goodbye to Glenda, admiring her voluptuous body again as we took off our thongs and put on our clothes, then I drove back home. The house was empty, and it occurred to me that perhaps I'd been a bit too aggressive, challenging him to fuck June until he was totally empty. Still, the image of my husband fucking my best friend every which way set me tingling inside.
I had my hand on my clit even before I got to the bedroom, keeping myself pleasurably aroused as I showered, brushed my teeth, and walked to the bed to await Bill's return. I don't know, maybe I was intending to keep myself right on the edge until he arrived, but somehow, I forgot that as I held my lips open with one hand, and danced the fingers of the other over my clit, and down to my hole.
God, I must have looked obscene, holding my cunt open, as I imagined Glenda and Aaron walking in and catching me like it. I had no reason to think that Glenda had any lesbian tendencies, except that often hookers prefer the touch of a woman outside work. Glenda had told me that Aaron had fucked his other girls, but I assumed they were black, and I had no idea if he'd thing a white woman disgusting, or a special attraction.
Fortunately, my imagination didn't care about reality. I just knew that I wanted to suck on Glenda's massive tits, with their deep black nipples, the width of my little finger, and in my mind, almost as long. I wanted to explore the undulations of her belly, the rounded swell of her ass, and most of all, to pull open her lips so I could reach the pink delights of her clit, her slimy slit, and her well-used vagina.
More than that, though, I wanted to tremble at the size of Aaron's cock. Not just its length, but its girth. I wanted to feel the rush of fear as he started to push it against my pussy, making me scream against his wife's breast that he was going to tear my cunt open if he forced it inside me. I wanted to watch it disappear up me, sending spasms of pleasure and pain as my hole strained to spread enough to take it.
I knew he'd have to use his arms to help him force his way up me, but with my vulva stretched wide, my clit was standing proud, throbbing, and as his cock stretched out my vagina, pushing way up into my belly, it was a joy for me to use my fingers on it. Oh God, he'd got it up me alright, but then he pulled back, dragging the opening of my hole outwards, until the extra width of his helmet caught against it, and he rammed back inside me.
I came, turning myself into a shuddering wreck, my hand gripped tightly between my legs, forced against my clit, so as I rolled around on the bed, wave after wave of pleasure flowed over me, and my cunt felt as if it was on fire.
I had to go the bathroom to get a drink of water, and to wipe the sweat off me. My cum had covered my pussy and the inside of my thighs, but I decided I'd leave that there for Bill to discover when he eventually arrived.
He still hadn't when I got back to the bed. Was he up inside June now, pumping his sperm into her for the umpteenth time? If only I were there to watch, and then to devour the gorgeous mix of his and her juices from her cunt. I didn't even realise I was playing with myself again until I came, only slightly less violently than the first time.
God, was he fucking her again, because he still wasn't home? Ah well, if he was going to be too shagged out to screw me when he got here, then I was going to enjoy myself with Glenda and Aaron again. One of the delights of being a woman was that after a bit of practice, I'd discovered that if I didn't go too wild and make myself sore, I could keep coming over and over, each time getting more and more intense, until even a gentle touch on my vulva became too much to bear.
I was miles from that, fortunately, as I imagined straddling over Glenda's face, pushing my leaking cunt down on her mouth, while I parted her thick legs, and let my tongue discover the taste and feel of her clit and her vaginal opening, oozing thick, spicy cum. Aaron was taking it in turns to force our mouths away with his cock, and plunge inside the saliva-covered hole.
He pulled out of Glenda, and I had to open my mouth as wide as I could to get the head of his cock in, and suck her juices off, before pushing him away, and going back to eating out his curvaceous, black wife. I was just trying to decide whether, even in my imagination, I could dream of taking Aaron's big black cock up my asshole, when I heard a noise.
"Hi Jo. I see you're warming yourself up for me, darling."
"And what makes you think I'm going to let you fuck me, Bill? As you can see, the only cum up me is my own."
"Well how about sucking some of June's off me, then?" he said, pulling his clothes off, and moving to kneel next to me on the bed.
His cock was stiff as a flagpole swaying in the breeze, as he watched my sticky fingers slowly working my clit still. It wasn't just stiff, though, it was shining with the half-dried juices from inside June's vagina, and even though I'd only eaten her out once, I recognised her distinctive aroma.
What an invitation! Surely no sensible woman could resist the invitation to suck off the cum of the woman her husband had just fucked, mingled with the spunk he'd tried to leave inside her? Perhaps you could, but I definitely couldn't. I lifted my head, opened my mouth, and savoured the intense mix of flavours on Bill's cock, as his fingers found my cunt, and pushed deep up inside me, his thumb joining my fingers on my clit.
"I knew you couldn't resist me, darling. Even as I was fucking June, I was imagining you laying here with your cunt wide open ready for me."
"You lying bastard, Bill," I said, pushing him away from me. "Just put your cock up it, then, before I change my mind. I bet you'll still be imagining you're up her again while you're fucking me, won't you?"
He just smiled, but took my advice, ramming himself into my well-primed cunt, then pumping in and out of me, though darling that he was, he kept one hand alongside mine on my clit. I could hardly object to him imagining he was fucking June again, could I, when I was imagining I was being well and truly reamed out by Aaron's far larger, black cock?
Some might think it strange, but being fucked by my husband while both of us imagined we were with a completely different person was wonderful. I came even harder on Aaron's black cock, and Bill certainly seemed to be enjoying being up June again. Still, he certainly must have come up June a few times beforehand, because he didn't leave much jism up me this time.
Still, given that the next day I was going to let June's son win his bet, by having him and his two school friends fuck me, I was going to have plenty of fertile young sperm up me in less than twenty-four hours. Bill hadn't asked about June's comment to me, so I assumed she'd told him about our agreement.
Although I was going to tell Bill every little detail, I didn't want to talk about it before I had succeeded, not least because I was still working on the details as I fell asleep. When I woke up the next morning, I found myself trembling a bit at the thought of carrying out the plan I'd come up with, but I just couldn't see any alternative.
I'd told Bill I might be a bit late home, because I couldn't set off for George's school until after everyone had gone home, except George and his two buddies, of course, who'd got permission to stay on extra batting practice. I knew the layout of the school well, because my daughters had gone there as well.
I parked the car as close as I could to the sports changing rooms, then carefully snuck around so I could just see the playing field, where I saw George and two other boys pitching and hitting a baseball. When I saw they were finishing, I dashed back to the car, pulled off my dress, which was all that I was wearing, and grabbed the towel from the back seat.
I was going to wrap it around me, but what the hell, there didn't seem to be anyone else around, and it wasn't going to stay on me long anyway, so I crept back into the changing rooms naked. I could hear voices from the male changing area, making the raucous sort of noise eighteen-year old boys normally do. When I heard the shower water running, I walked in on them.
"Oh, sorry guys, I thought this was the girls changing room."
"Aunty Jo! What are you doing here ... and like ... that?"
The first of my worries went away, as I noticed the way all three pairs of eyes were scanning my body, concentrating on my chest, and between my legs, naturally. I mean, not all eighteen-year-olds might fancy fucking a forty-two-year-old woman, though the fact they wanted George's mom had given me confidence.
"Well, a little bird told me that you had a bet going that George couldn't persuade his Aunt Jo let you fuck me instead of his mom. So, here I am boys. Come and get me."
I barely had time to loop my towel over the hook out of the way of the showers, before three sweaty young bodies were pressed against mine, six hands were fighting to claim ownership of my tits, my cunt, and my ass, and three suddenly rigid cocks were pushing against me.
"Calm down, boys. I've got three holes, and strapping young lads like you should have enough stamina that you can each have a turn at all three."
"Fuck ... you mean ..."
That was the second piece of bait taken. I guessed they'd all had blow-jobs, and I knew that George, at least had fucked someone - his mom - but I was pretty sure none of the girls they'd been out with would have let them take them up their assholes.
"Of course, boys. Now who wants it first?" I said, bending over and pulling my cheeks apart, so that the ring of my anus was stretched and exposed, and my cunt was gaping open.
Shit, they might never have seen an asshole that close before. I was glad I'd taken the time to lube myself up properly, with non-water-soluble petroleum jelly, because water isn't a good lubricant, and in their rush to get up me, I ended up under the shower, sitting on one boy's cock, while another had claimed my cunt and was kneeling in front of me. I was only just about keeping my head out of the spray enough to stop drowning, as George stuck his cock in my mouth.
It wasn't just the water I had to worry about, of course. It's hard to keep comparable movement going between the cock in my asshole and the one in my pussy, but I used my hands and my legs to lift and fall so my anus sphincter did the stroking of the one up it, and the other boy took care of pumping in and out of my cunt. I just about had enough neck control to work George's cock in my mouth, while avoiding suffocating as he forced it ball-deep into it.
What they lacked in technique, they made up for in enthusiasm, and whilst they weren't patch on how I'd imagined Aaron would be, they still managed to get me right to the edge. Then I felt George going to come in my mouth, and I pulled my head back as late as I dared.
I was just in time to see the little hole at the end of his cock burst open, as rope after rope of white spunk shot out, hitting me in the face, then the weaker ones landing across my tits.
"Fuck!" I yelled, "Now fill my cunt and my asshole, boys!"
The boys' strokes in me got shorter and faster, and almost as I felt the one coming inside my vagina, I came as well, twisting around on the other one's cock up my bum, which had the effect of pulling the cock out of my vagina, and giving the last bit of friction so that the third load burst into my bowels.
I should have been ashamed and horrified with what I had done. After all, although they were of legal age, they were younger than my own daughters. But I wasn't. I absolutely loved it.
It was the first time I'd had a cock up both my cunt and my ass, and it was far more thrilling than I had anticipated. I still wasn't wild about being fucked in my ass, but the effect of the two cocks pressing together, and rubbing against each other, separated only by two thin walls of flesh, was amazing. My whole belly felt as if it would explode, as the pleasurable feelings were so intense, so powerful, which was why I came so easily without me or the boys even touching my clit.
I could only imagine just how much more wonderful being double-penetrated by men with more experience, who knew just how to manipulate their cocks in me, stirring my guts around, taking me to totally new places. Trouble was, I couldn't immediately think of two men, men who didn't mind the feel of someone else's cock rubbing against theirs. Still, however unskilled they might be, I was going to make the best of two more chances to enjoy myself like this.
While I was mulling this over, the boys had softened and stood away from me, the last helping on to my feet. I was surprised to see that they all looked just a little guilty as they saw the spunk over my face and tits, and dripping from my holes, and their cocks were still soft.
"I thought you'd have more stamina boys! Aren't you ready to swap holes yet? Maybe this will get you stiff again?"
I knew there was a bit of a risk that I might just revolt them, but I thought it was worth the it, and I was going to enjoy it anyway. I leaned back, pulled my labia open, and pushed down hard on my bladder.
I'd deliberately drunk a lot before I got here, and even I was impressed by the distance and height of the glistening arc of pale-yellow pee that came out of me. As I peed, I turned, making sure I got all three of the boys, my pee hitting their legs, and splashing over their cocks.
"You fucking dirty bitch!"
I grabbed the boy who'd fucked my cunt, whose cock had snapped stiff as my pee hit him, and I pushed him back on to the floor of the shower, now running with my piss as well as the shower water. Then I sat down on him, reverse cowgirl-wise, not stopping until his cock as far up my ass as it could possibly go. Then I leaned back,
"Come on, George, your turn in my sloppy cunt," I said, as I managed to push out a final jet of pee.
God, the way he rammed his cock up me brought tears to my eyes, as his cock stretched my hole, then pushed against my vaginal wall to force his buddies cock out of the way of his. I opened my mouth the scream, only to have it filled by the spunk-coated cock that had come in my ass.
I started lifting myself up until my asshole almost lost the grasp of the cock inside it, then I relaxed, using my body weight to drive it up inside me again. George had grabbed my tits, and was squeezing them hard, partly for the pleasure it gave him, but also to help him keep his cock inside me, as my body moved around, and each time I dropped, the other cock tried to push his out of my cunt.
I heard someone whimpering, like a dog in pain, and I realised it was me, as my senses tried to deal with the unbelievable feelings in my belly, and the challenge of breathing with the third cock jammed down my throat.
Fuck, it was even better than the first time, maybe because I could work the cock in my asshole more easily, but certainly because it was taking the boys a bit longer to get to their second climax, now the shock of making me air-tight for the first time had worn off.
I can only struggle to describe the sensations it set off in me, my belly being stirred around as if a nest of snakes were inside it. Or even, dare I say it, the feeling of my daughter kicking inside me, but combined with the most extreme sexual pleasure. And that was even before the feel of the other cock fucking my mouth, the feel of a young, virile dick in it, sending thrills shooting down inside me until crashed into those going the other way from my cunt and my anus.
I came again, way before any of the boys, but I don't think they even noticed, because they just kept thrusting their three cocks into each of my holes, as hard as they could. There was no affection, no love in what we were doing. It was just pure, raw, extreme sex, and I loved it.
What a story they'd have to tell their friends! Or maybe they'd be too embarrassed, or think that no one would ever believe them. I knew the memory of this time would be burned into their brains forever, and I wondered if any other woman would let them take her like this, and whether they'd find a partner they would ever have the courage to tell about it.
My brain and my body seemed to be two completely separate entities, as I was able to think these trivial thoughts at the same time as my bodied was wracked with sexual pleasure, battered and overwhelmed so that I longed to come again, and get some release.
I'm not quite sure which of the boys actually came first, but whoever it was set me off again as well. I felt the salty first taste of cum in my mouth, and then I felt spunk hitting my face, and down over my tits again, as I arched my back and forced the cocks inside me even further, as their loads exploded in my vagina and my ass.
We pulled apart, and we managed to get back on our feet, as our brains reclaimed control of our limbs. I stood, panting, spunk all over my face and breasts, and leaking out of my holes.
"Well boys, do you think you'll be able to manage it again, so you've all had all three of my holes? Sorry, I can't help, as this time I'm all out of piss."
"No, but I'm not. Come on lads, lets get her back while we're still limp."
It was one of the two whose names I didn't know. He grabbed his cock, shining with his spunk and my cum, and pointed it at me. Even as the stream of piss shot out and hit right on my trimmed bush, adding to the messing stream running down my leg, I could see him starting to get hard again.
If it was going to happen, might as well make it the real deal, I thought, so I dropped to my knees, taking three streams of yellow pee on my face, dripping from my chin down on to my tits, taking with it some of the sperm from my face. I can't say I really enjoyed the actual experience, but the thought of what was happening was so disgusting, so dirty, that my cunt started tingling like mad again.
Then all hell broke loose, as we heard a noise outside.
"Fucking hell, it's the janitor come to lock up! You've got to get out so he doesn't find us, else we'll be expelled, and who knows what will happen to you Jo."
I clambered to my feet, and dashed over to grab my towel. The boys were trying to stop peeing, but it's never than easy mid-stream, is it? They went back under the showers, which they'd turned back to full, and started the noisy banter I'd heard when I arrived.
I clutched the towel to me, not bothering to wrap it around me, not least because I didn't think it would stay up, and ran out to my car. The doors were unlocked, of course, as I'd left everything inside, and I just threw to towel on to the seat, trying to soak up the pee, spunk and cum that was dripping off and out of me, and I drove off as fast as I could, not looking back once.
My heart was pounding, as it hit me just how risky what I'd just done had been. I hadn't thought of it in my initial panic, but I guess I could have offered that the janitor could fuck me if he didn't report me or the boys. Problem was, if he'd agreed, it would have given them a hold on me, and if he hadn't, then it would have made everything so much worse.
I'd have been fairly confident that had it just been him and me, he wouldn't have refused me. At least, not if I'd been clean, but I could imagine a woman covered in other men's spunk, her holes dripping with it, and the scent of pee on her, might not be an attractive proposition to everyone.
I was trembling all over as I realised that if we'd been caught, the boys would likely be thrown out of school, and would try to blame me. Maybe it would have been possible to keep June's incest quiet, but she and Bill would surely be dragged in. God, it would have been almost as bad as if I'd crashed in that little plane, and even in the unlikely event anyone had survived, it would have come out that we were all naked.
My pulse was still racing, and I was still fluttering inside as I drove into the drive at home. I was hoping to dash inside and get cleaned up before Bill came home, so I could just tell June that I'd deflected the boys attention from her, and when I talked Bill through it, hoping he'd be fucking me as I did, I could just leave out the way I'd only just avoided disaster.
Instead, as I drove in and parked, Bill came rushing out towards me.
"Fucking hell, Jo, are you alright? You look awful. You've got spunk running down your legs, your hair is a mess, and ... well ... it smells as if you've pissed yourself."
"Anyway, what are you doing here?" I said, as I got out of the car, and started walking towards the house.
"June told me what you were going to do. I can't believe that you'd have done this just so I could fuck another woman, Jo. I was going to try and find you, as I was afraid you were in trouble. And I can see you were. You shouldn't have done it, Jo."
"What, getting triple-teamed twice? The only horrible thing was that we were interrupted before each of them had every hole. It's done now, and after I watched you slide your cock in her for the first time, I know it was worthwhile. Anyway, why don't you just fuck me now, shove your cock up one of my holes and add your spunk to the boys'?"
"I don't think so, Jo. Not this time. I can't believe you did that for me, but I love you even more for it. Let me help clean you up, then we can eat, and after dinner, let's go to bed and let me show you how much I appreciate you, and how much I love you."
Part of me still just wanted him to use me the way the boys had, but my heart melted as I looked into his eyes, and the thought of a completely different experience with the husband I loved so much started to seem even more attractive. After all, how many other husbands would forgive, no, not just forgive, but enjoy knowing their wife had just been fucked hard in every hole?
That feeling only grew, as Bill soaped me all over with his hands, cleaning the pee and spunk from me, using his fingers to clean out my vagina and my anus, as gently, tenderly, and asexually as if I were doing it myself. Then he shampooed and conditioned my hair, kissing me on the lips as we both stood under the warm water, our bodies pressed together, making me feel as if we were one person, rather than two.
I was surprised when we left the shower that Bill held my dressing gown for me to put on, before he helped me dry and restyle my hair. When we went downstairs, I found that he'd put a chicken casserole in the slow cooker, and we ate it with some steamed rice. When we finished, Bill put the plates in the dishwasher, then walked back to stand behind me.
"Why don't we go upstairs, now, Jo?" he whispered into my ear.
As he'd bent forwards, he'd slid one hand inside my dressing gown, and gently cupped my breast in his palm. The odd thing was that it was even more arousing than if I'd been naked, which I would have been if I'd had my way. Arousing in the same way it was when I was so much younger, and the boy I was with had summoned all of his courage to put his hand inside my clothes, and I'd used all of mine not to object, but just enjoyed the thrill of having my breast touched by a boy for the first time.
I turned towards him, standing up from the chair, putting my arms around him, and kissing him gently on his lips. I could feel his stiff cock pushing against me, less frightening now, but just as thrilling as the first time I felt a boy's erectness pressing in to me, knowing that he just wanted to sink it inside me.
"I'm not really tired, Bill," I said, teasingly. "I'm not sure I could get to sleep yet."
"I wasn't thinking of sleeping, darling. I just want to show you how grateful I am for what you've become, and the way you have transformed our relationship."
I'd expected Bill to open my gown, and start fondling me, but instead he removed his hand from inside my gown, and gently steered me towards the stairs with his arm around me. It really got to me.
We'd fallen out of lust with each other, as familiarity and the pressure of life wore us down. In desperation, I'd changed all that by exposing myself, and then having sex with strangers with Bill watching. The raw sex I'd had was fantastic, but it also seemed to have rekindled something deeper in our relationship. I hoped that what he intended involved fucking me, but Bill's gentle approach took me back so vividly to the time we discovered each other first.
My heart was beating as fast as the first time I'd decided to give in to Bill's advances, and let him fuck me, just hoping the newly prescribed pill would work, and that he wouldn't find the wetness developing between my legs a complete turn-off. When we reached the bedroom, Bill undid the tie, and pushed my gown off my shoulders, before gently massaging my breasts, and kissing my lips.
"Lay on the bed, darling, and let me look at your gorgeous body."
I lay back on the bed, my arms behind my head, one leg bent, and flapping open so that my vulva was exposed ready for him.
"Fuck me, then, Bill."
"Oh no, Jo. I'm don't want to fuck you. I want to make love to you. I can never quite fuck you the way boys did, the janitor, or even the Professor. But I can give you something different, and knowing other men and women have explored that beautiful body, those lovely breasts, and that beautiful pussy of yours, makes me appreciate it even more."
Bill came over to the bed, kneeling beside me, then bent over and kissed me again. He moved his legs between mine, and gently lowered himself down. Oh God, I thought my heart was going to explode as I felt his cock touch my pussy. We looked into each other's eyes, and saw the thrill, the love, the satisfaction as he pushed my lips apart, and he slid inside me.
I'd read about tantric sex - some rock star used to go on about it, I think - but I never really believed the claims about how good it was. The idea is to engage in sex, but to stop short of an orgasm, and just hold your excitement right on the edge, sometimes for hours, before finally reaching a climax.
I hadn't believed it, but I was forced to change my mind, as Bill stroked me all over with his hands, touching all of my sensitive places, while he thrusted in and out of me slowly and gently. Shit, it was wonderful, my body feeling no longer part of me as it was kept on edge. We kissed, and even better, we locked our eyes together, and telegraphed our love to each other.
If I seemed to be getting too close, or I suppose if Bill felt it himself, he moved our positions, and we must have gone through most of the repertoire of Karma Sutra positions. Sometimes he'd withdraw, and just start kissing me all over my body, my feet, legs, face, everywhere, including my cunt and my asshole, but only kissing those potent areas briefly, to keep our arousal under control.
I could see the sky outside darkening, and it got to the point where I didn't think I could stand it anymore, my body tingling all over, but at the same time I wanted it to last forever. It must have been over two hours before it got too much for Bill.
"God, Jo, I've never loved you as much as I do now, and I want to come up inside you, darling."
I didn't need to reply, because as he started driving his cock in and out of me hard, his fingers found my clit, and I came instants before I felt his body twitching as he injected his sperm deep into my vagina. We rolled around on the bed, and for the first time I could remember, Bill's cock didn't get so limp it fell out of me, but as we both came down, he started fucking me hard again.
Neither of us could manage to keep it up as long the second time, but it was even more special, as our bodies were linked, and we both knew that at any moment my vagina could be filled with sperm again. After our second, explosive orgasm, we clung on to each other, feeling the love we had for each other, where the sex was part of its expression, but only part of it as we relished the knowledge that we could each enjoy sex with other people, and it only made us closer.
I suppose it was this experience, and the other sexual adventures, that had faded the memory of almost crashing into the ground. I woke up thinking about my experiences with Karen and Richard the next morning, and it wasn't the plane I remembered most, but my two experiences in the sex shop. I loved the thrill it gave me when I exposed my private areas to strangers, and that hadn't gone away.
No, but what I realised was how much more frightening and stimulating it had been when I was tied up, and unable to do anything about them seeing me, and even more touching me. I still had mixed feelings about Karen and Richard, but the time she'd handcuffed me in the shop, stripped me, and encouraged the customers to touch me all over, finger me, and even for one of them to fuck me, was amazing.
Even more, the way she'd tied me up and used me to demonstrate sex toys in front of an audience of women, was burned into my brain. I wanted to experience that feeling again, but without Karen totally controlling me. I wasn't quite sure what Bill would think about it, though, and I wondered if I could experiment with him before going out into the wild, wherever that might be.
I spent time looking at bondage sites on the internet, which turned out not to be just pornographic, though I enjoyed some of those if they weren't too extreme, but very informative. Even better, I discovered all sorts of guides on how you could tie yourself up, so that you couldn't get out until someone discovered you.
Oh fuck, the idea of tying myself up somewhere, naked, or course, my tits cunt and ass all on view, and having to wait until someone came along, found me, and explored every crevice and crack of my private parts without me being able to stop them. Perhaps they wouldn't even release me, but just leave me there for someone else to discover and take advantage of me.
Of course, my fingers were inside my cunt as I scoured the sites, and imagined all these wonderful scenarios that might happen to me, and I came over and over, grabbing a tit, and grinding on my clit. God, I was wet, and the thought of a stranger playing with me the way I was playing with myself now, looking into my leaking hole, set me trembling all over.
I knew I had to try it out. The only thing was, I didn't think I was ready to face Karen again, until I'd experimented a bit more. That ruled out using the sex shop in town, but luckily, I found online stores which sold absolutely everything. What I really liked were the timed padlocks, which once closed, could only be opened after a pre-set time, making it impossible to chicken out once they were on.
The following day, Peggy was coming over in the afternoon, and I spent the morning looking at self-bondage advice and gear online, ordering a selection of items, which they promised would be delivered in plain wrapping. By the time Peggy arrived, I was tingling in anticipation, and opened the door for her completely naked, not caring if any neighbours saw me. As she walked to the sun lounge, her hands occupied with carrying her easel, canvas and paints, I was already undoing the buttons of her blouse and skirt.
"Fucking hell, Jo, I'm sure Picasso didn't paint in the nude. Are you sure I have to?"
We'd been round this before, and from the smile on her face, I knew she was just teasing me again. She didn't resist as I undid her bra, and pulled her panties down around her knees, as she tried to set up her easel.
"Well, maybe, but I'm sure I read that Dali did. Anyway, as I told you before, I seem to spend so much time in these sessions showing you my cunt, that it seems only fair that I get to look at you a bit as well."
And I certainly did enjoy looking at her body, which was so different from mine: her tiny waist, the long, dark nipples that capped her almost non-existent tits, and her black pubes and the large, pigmented labia which hung between her legs. While I was laying back as Peggy worked on the painting, I was tingling all over in anticipation of getting my hands and mouth on her body when she had finished.
"I'm getting faster at painting, Jo," Peggy said, as she scrutinised my pussy, then started to apply paint to her canvas. "I've found I can block in a lot of the background at home, so I only need you posing when I get to the details."
To prove her point, I was surprised how little time it took until Peggy said she had done as much as she could on the painting, and even more so when I got up and saw how different it was from our previous session. I put one arm around her shoulder, letting my fingers tease one of her tight, dark, nipples.
"Hang on, Jo, I'm not completely finished yet," she said, brushing my arm away. "I'm sure now that I'm going to win one of the prizes from the class, and get entry into the country-wide competition organised by the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
"So, what with being faster, and more confident, I want to start working on a portfolio for MoMA. Remember the first one for the class was basically a yoga position? Well, I want to do a whole series of you in yoga poses. Nudes of course. Here's the table of the all of the different positions, with the ones I want you to do ringed."
I looked at the pamphlet she had given me, and a mixture of fear and anticipation ran through me. I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised, but the ones she'd ringed all either had my legs wide apart, my ass exposed, my tits dangling at odd angles, or some bizarre combination of all of them.
"Don't worry, Jo. I'll make sure your face is obscured."
Yes, but the angle that implied meant my cunt was going to be the focus of the picture, and in at least some of the poses it was bound to be pulled open, my vagina and asshole completely visible.
"I know, but just imagine the thrill you'll get when my paintings are hung as a winner in New York, all of the rich and famous admiring your pussy, while you watch them, without them knowing you are the model. The winners get to invite family, and since I've got none anyway, I'll invite you, Bill and the Professor."
Oh shit, she was right. I could imagine all of those men in tuxedoes and women in evening dresses, draped with jewellery, looking at Peggy's pixel-like perfect rendering of my naked body, and especially my inviting holes - for that was how I was going to imagine them when she painted me.
"Okay, Peggy, you've got me there, but the problem is that I don't think I can manage some of these. Look at that one, where I'm bent over at the waist, holding one ankle, my legs vertical, like I'm doing the splits."
"Well, you'd better sign up for some training, hadn't you? I'm going to be a famous painter, and you are going to be my model, darling. Still, I do want to try some more abstract, landscape-type paintings as well."
I don't know how much it was because Peggy had got faster, or whether because I was totally absorbed, imagining Peggy's naked paintings of me being inspected by New York society's finest, but it hardly seemed any time at all before she said she was finished with the main canvas, and ready to start on one of her new ideas.
My mind must have still been elsewhere, because when there was a loud knocking at the front door, I answered it naked, perhaps thinking it was a pizza delivery that I normally answered nude, even though I knew we hadn't ordered anything. When I opened the door, I could see immediately that it was George and his two buddies, and they pushed past me and came inside.
"See, George, she's already naked, and must have known we'd be coming to complete what she promised."
"What the hell are you talking about?" I asked, though I already had an inkling.
"Well, you promised us we could each come in all three of your holes, but we were interrupted, and you owe us the last hole, don't you?" George replied, as three pairs of hands were already kneading my tits, stroking my ass, and trying to get up between my legs to my pussy.
I let myself be herded back into the sun lounge that I'd just come from, forgetting that Peggy was still in there, maybe because I was moist and more than ready to be fucked in every hole after the scenes I'd had playing in my head as I'd posed. The boys were shedding their clothes along the way, and by the time we got into the lounge, all three of them were naked, their stiff cocks pulsating and inviting.
As the first fingers found their way to my clit and inside my vagina, I started to wonder where Peggy had gone, but then she popped up from behind the couch, presumably having been getting a new canvas from her bag.
"Shit guys, she's got a naked girl in here," one of the boys said, mistaking Peggy's lack of tits for extreme youth.
"No, look at the wrinkles on her face - and between her legs," George pointed out.
"What on earth are you doing, and what makes you think you can manhandle Jo like that?"
"It's alright, Peggy. This is George and his mates that I told you about."
"She must be a lesbian or something, so why don't we show her how much better it is with a cock up her," the third boy said, making a grab for Peggy.
That was a mistake, because it turned out that Peggy had honoured her Japanese ancestry by learning judo. She grabbed the boy's arm, gave it some sort of flick, and in an instant, he was on his back on the floor, and she launched herself on top of him. The three of the rest of us watched in amazement, as somehow her targeting was perfect, and we saw his cock slide up into her cunt.
"A lesbian, am I? Well, I'll show you how to fuck, kid. Suck these baby titties, while you discover how a lesbian like me likes to be fucked."
I couldn't believe it. She always made out that she wasn't that keen on sex, but here she was, bouncing up and down on the boy's cock, which was glistening with her cum every time she pulled up. She was forcing one of her tits into his mouth, while she pulled hard on her other nipple. God, it made my own cunt tingle, and I couldn't wait another second to have a cock up me as well.
I pushed George over to an armchair, and when he fell back on to it, I straddled over him. Just like Peggy had with the other boy, I pushed my tits into his face, forcing him to open his mouth and suck in a nipple. At the same time, I used one hand to guide his cock into my cunt, sending me wild as it hit my clit, then slipped along my wet slit before my weight forced it deep into my vagina.
"Bite my tit, George. Hard. And I want that other cock up my ass. Now!" I screamed, as my lust boiled over, as I kept watching Peggy's vagina entry being stretched and pulled out as she pumped herself up and down on the other boy.
I had no idea if either of the boys was in the right hole to complete their tour of me, but I didn't care, and nor it seemed did they. George had taken me at my word, and was biting down on first one breast, then the other, sending just the right balance of pain and pleasure shooting through my chest.
I was using my leg muscles to lift me off George's cock, then drop down hard, while the other boy was managing to thrust in and out of my asshole with as much energy, one hand pulling my hair and head back towards him. His other hand was around my throat, just squeezing enough for me to realise that my life was totally at the mercy of these two boys, to whom I was simply a sex object. A cunt, an asshole and two tits, totally there for their pleasure.
My belly felt stuffed. I could feel the two cocks banging into each other deep inside me, sending sharp stabs of pleasure up through me, meeting the ache from my bitten tits, and blocking out everything except the pleasure of being fucked by two boys with powerful, young dicks that just wanted to be in a woman's hole, any woman, any hole.
I could just manage to see Peggy still, even with my head being held back hard by my hair, and I could see she was enjoying herself, holding herself on the edge of her climax, and more importantly, not letting the boy come, so she still had him stiff inside her. I had less control of the boy in my asshole, but I knew I could control George the same way.
I slowed my riding of his cock, trying to keep him on the edge as well. I was close myself, and I knew that as soon as I did anything to my clit that I'd come. Oh God, it was fabulous: two cocks in me, my tits being abused, my very breath at the mercy of the hand around my throat, and watching my artist's tiny body taking the other boy's cock deep into her cunt, her dark lips seeming to wrap themselves around his shaft with each stroke.
It had to end, and when I heard from behind, "Oh fuck, I'm going to come in your ass," I put forced my hand between me and George, and rubbed my slippery, wet clit as hard as I could, and speeded up my pumping on George's cock inside my vagina.
When I glanced over, I could see that Peggy had got the message, and speeded her own movements. I felt the strokes into my ass change rhythm, and next minute I was sure I could feel the dose of warm, wet spunk shooting deep into my anus.
I struggled to keep up the motion on George's cock, as the other pushed hard into my ass, but my fingers, and the thought of one load of seed already in one hole, and another about to fill my other hole sent me over the edge myself.
"FFUUCCKKK!" I screamed, and as I twisted and turned, getting another sharp pain as I pulled my tit against George's teeth, the extra friction set George off as well, and I could feel his cock pulse, as he sent rope after rope of spunk into my cunt.
I could hear Peggy coming as well, and when I managed to gather myself together, when I turned, I saw her pulling herself off the boy, a trail of spunk hanging from her pussy, connected to his cock until she was right away from him. While I was posing, I'd imagined the delight of pushing my tongue inside her vulva when what was along it was just her cum, but the prospect of having it filled with spunk as well, set the tingling off between my legs in a big way again.
As it turned out, I was going to have to wait for that delight. I'd forgotten just how young and vigorous the boys were until I noticed that the cock that had just fucked Peggy was still half stiff, shiny with the mix of spunk and cum. As Peggy moved away towards the two that had fucked me, he grabbed my arm, and pulled me towards him.
"I always wanted to fuck your daughter, Mrs Lowenstein, but you were even better than I had imagined them being when we were in the shower. I'm going to fuck all of your holes again, you fucking cunt."
Shit, I didn't even know his name, and he must have been at least one year behind my youngest girl, in school, so even if Ellie were up for sex, I could see why he'd have had no chance. Still, he was just over the legal age now, and his cock was now already fully stiff again, so I couldn't say no, could I?
He pulled me down to the floor, and forced my head down over his cock. The taste of his sperm, and the now familiar taste of Peggy's vagina filled my mouth as he forced it deep into my throat, until I had to work hard not to gag. His other hand first grabbed a tit, squeezing it hard, before he transferred his attention between my legs.
I could hear squelching, as he slipped his thumb into my pussy and two fingers into my ass, working them around the sloppy, spunky mess inside me, as with the other hand he held my hair, and pumped my head up and down on his cock.
"Oh fuck, Mrs Lowenstein, how am I ever going to be able to equal the thrill of fucking you? I know you are even better than George's mom would have been, because you're such a dirty whore, aren't you?"
With his cock down my throat I couldn't really answer him with the "Yes" I was thinking. Shit, I really was a slut, wasn't I? But the sensations his hand was setting off in my cunt and ass, and the taste and feel of his cock going in and out of my mouth just filled me with pleasure, filled me to overflowing.
"Now the other holes, whore," he grunted, as he pulled my head up, then pushed me back down on the floor.
He caught my legs, and dragged me around, before lifting them up, bending me over so that my feet were touching the floor either side of my head, and my asshole and cunt were stretched open in front of him.
"Take a good look at my holes, then ram your cock up me," I said, the thought alone making my cunt throb.
Goodness knows where he'd found this pile-driver position from. I'd picked up a lot when I was young by peeping around Mom's door when she was with one of my uncles, but I was sure I had no idea of this position when I was eighteen.
He not only knew it, but he knew how to use it as well. Everything between my legs was splayed out in front of him, available for whatever was his pleasure. First he held his cock and forced it up into my asshole, slipping in easily with the lubrication from his friend's spunk, then he put both thumbs down into my vagina, pulling me open so far I was sure he could see the my cervix and the bulge of my womb inside me.
I revelled in the feeling of his cock inside my ass, and the image of him staring deep into my cunt, while at the same time he used his fingers on my clit, showing surprising skill in the way he sent bolts of electricity through me.
"Squirt for me, bitch," he said, and I had little choice but to obey.
I grabbed one of my tits, which was twisted against my face, and bit on my nipple until the pain matched the intensity of feeling racing through my cunt, and then I let go, twisting around, but unable to escape his hands on my pussy, and his cock still pistoning in and out of my asshole.
I felt as if I was suspended in mid-air, out of my body, which was racked with almost unbearable sensations of pleasure and pain, all mixed together, as I raced towards another climax. He'd asked me, but I was pretty sure I'd have done it even if he hadn't, as I felt my bladder release, sending a fountain of pee up into his face, running back down my body, and falling over on to my own face.
"You wanted it, now drink it, drink it like me," I yelled, as I licked the pee from my lips and swallowed it down.
I felt the cock leave my asshole with a massive slurp, and then his mouth closed over my hole, drinking down the last smaller jets of pee I was able to force out of me. Shit, I couldn't control myself, but came again almost immediately, as his tongue danced over my clit and invaded my triply wet vagina. I mean, even my husband had never drunk my piss as it came out of me. Yet.
"Fucking hell, Mrs Lowenstein, you're even more of a dirty cunt than any of the women I've seen on pornos," he said, as he pulled his mouth away.
Wasn't that the best complement I could ever have had? I could see the mix of my cum, my pee and George's spunk covering his face, sending another disgusting thrill right through me, but that was just the start, as he slid his cock back over my ass. I thought he was going to go back into my anus, but I was wrong. He kept going,and rammed it into my cunt.
Oh God, from this angle I could see every detail as it pushed my lips open, and disappeared inside me, and as he bent forwards, every inch of his cock went into my vagina, until his balls were hitting my ass, and his pubes were pressed hard against mine.
Then he pulled back, and as he did so, the flesh around my hole was dragged out so I could see it like a tight plastic wrapping around his shaft. I was so fixated on watching my cunt get fucked that I couldn't tear my eyes away to see what Peggy was doing with the other two boys, but I could hear the sounds they were making, and I imagined she was enjoying her first double penetration.
I was in heaven, enjoying the sight and feel of my cunt being plundered, and every so often when he pulled right out, I let out loud pussy farts as he drove back inside me. I was determined not to come too soon, but just to try to keep myself on the edge, but I added my fingers to his, circling my clit.
I was gritting my teeth, right on the very edge, and I could see that the boy fucking me was as well, when I heard the sounds of orgasm from behind me. I was just feeling pleased with both of us for hanging on, when another sound entered my consciousness. It was a mobile phone, but definitely not my ringtone, and I went back to enjoying the sex I was having. I heard noises, then the phone stopped ringing.
"Oh fuck! That was Mom. She says I've got to get back straightaway so I can get everything packed up before I leave for college tomorrow. Come on, guys," I heard George say, who had obviously driven everyone over.
I think it was purely in my subconscious that I stopped holding everything in and came. Maybe I took the boy by surprise, or maybe I just jerked around too much on his back stroke, or maybe it was just being brought back to reality by the phone call.
Whatever it was, his cock slipped out of my vagina, and rather than adding his seed to what was in there already, he managed to lay a perfect set of lines of spunk along my labia, which had closed over when I pressed down on my clit as I came and his cock was no longer pushing them apart.
Within seconds I heard the front door slam, and the boys had gone. My first thought was to find Peggy, sure that her cunt and asshole would now be an even more attractive meal for me, but she must have recovered first.
"Stay right there like that, Jo. Don't move a muscle," she said, bending over me, then adding "I want to sketch you like that," as her voice receded as she went to get her palette and the new canvas she had been setting up before the boys arrived.
Really? Did she really think that MoMA would let her put a painting of a freshly creampied cunt on their walls? Well, she would certainly be able to hide my face, given the position I was in, so I just lay back and replayed the last thirty minutes over and over in my mind.
I couldn't see Peggy from the position I was in, just the slow slide of a few runs of liquid down my belly, as the various fluids oozed from my hole, and I could feel another thread running down between my butt cheeks, so the first sign she had finished was her hand on one of my legs.
She pulled it over to one side, pushing the other one further apart with her own foot, then she lowered herself on to my face, her mouth closing over my messy pussy, and her hands stroking the rounded globes of my ass.
Oh God, it was another of those moments when I had to question what I was doing. Was I really using my tongue to lick another woman's asshole, an asshole leaking spunk, what was more? And my tongue didn't just lick and collect the messy goo from her asshole, but pushed between her labia, and tried to lap up a different boy's spunk from the inside of her vagina.
The answer, which both disgusted me, but thrilled me more than I can describe was yes, I really was, and I was fucking loving it. Not only that, but I was loving what Peggy's tongue and mouth was doing between my own legs. She was circling my anus with her tongue, pulling me open with her hands, and sucking as much sperm as she could from my shit hole.
Then, when she thought she'd got as much as she could, she pulled open my cuntlips, slurping up the cum, pee and spunk from my vulva, using her fingers and tongue to then pull out all she could from the depths of my vagina.
Once again it struck me how crazy my life had become. Apart from a few fairly innocent experiments with school mates, I'd never had any lesbian thoughts, but now only a few months after my transformation, here I was enjoying the taste and feel of another woman's cunt in my mouth, and hers on mine. More than that, both of us full of sperm. Surely this was as intimate a thing one could ever do with another woman?
I hadn't been paying attention to just how aroused I'd become, as I just luxuriated in the beautiful, sexual emotions filling my body, and I was suddenly hit by a climax. Hit with the force of a Category 5 hurricane, leaving me barely enough control of myself to nibble my teeth on Peggy's clit, and tip her over into her own orgasm.
We clung to each other in our strange positions, our cunts rubbing against the other's face, out of control, and feeling a new wave of cum pulsing out of our vaginas into the other's open, welcoming mouth.
"Oh God, Jo, that was so good," Peggy said, once she got herself under control, and climbed off me.
"It sure was Peggy, but I don't know what was best, getting double-teamed by the boys, watching you get fucked, or eating each other out."
"Hm, you're right. I'm not sure either. Maybe we need some more experiences like this to help me make up my mind, darling," Peggy said, kissing me on the mouth, "but I need to get back home, and work on the sketch while the paint is still wet."
When Bill came home, I'd cooked for him, wanting to tell him all about the afternoon, which I knew would mean he'd fuck me with even more energy than if he'd watched me give the pizza guy a blow job. And, of course, he did.
It was only when we were laid in bed, cuddling, with my husband's spunk inside me now, that he dropped his bombshell.
"By the way, Jo, I've told Dad he could stay over for a couple of nights next week. He's got to come down here on business, and it seemed stupid to have him stay in a hotel when we've got the girls' old rooms free."
"What, with his latest bimbo in tow, I suppose? I wonder how old this one will be, and how big her plastic tits are, after that last one, who had more plastic in her than I'd ever thought possible."
"No, he said that Simone was going to catch up with her family, so he's coming alone."
Actually, I liked Bill's father, Mark. He was the longest lasting of my 'uncles' mom brought home, and he'd been really good to her when she got ill. Not only that, but I'd fallen in love with his son Bill, and he'd supported us financially when I'd got pregnant and Bill was just starting to try to get his own business up and running.
"Great. It's been a while since we caught up with him, and I'm sure you've got lots of business things to talk about."
And that was pretty much the last I thought about it before I went to sleep, looking forward to a couple of quiet days to recover.
I'd forgotten all about the bondage gear, until there was a knock at the door onlyone or two of days later, when I was in the shower. I grabbed a towel, dried a bit of the water off, and was doing up the tie on my robe as I went down stairs. When I opened the door, I found it was a courier, with a large package.
I took it off him, and put it down in the hallway, before turning back to do the ridiculous scrawled attempt at a signature on his tablet. I swear that this time it was totally accidental, that the end the tie had got trapped under the box when I put it down, and as I stood up, the tie unravelled, letting the robe gape open. My pussy and tits were right out there for the guy to see.
"Nice," he said, handing me the tablet, "and I'm sure you'll enjoy these things from the Bondage Shack."
Shit, I thought they'd said plain brown wrapping, but then I noticed the name of the store on the return address above where I'd signed. I was enjoying him looking at my bits, so why the hell was I blushing at being caught out ordering bondage gear?
"Oh, I will. Come back another day, and maybe you'll find out some more."
I rearranged what I was planning for the day, and I spent the next few hours exploring how the locks and chains worked, and testing how I might use them. I practiced locking my hands up, then waiting for the lock to time out, but with only a minute or two delay.
Eventually, I decided what I was going to do. I knew roughly what time Bill should be coming home, and my plan was to have him find me chained up and naked. I'd got some strong chain I could link around one of the stair posts. If handcuffed myself, then stood on tiptoe, I could lock the cuffs on to the chain, leaving me barely able to get my feet flat on the floor, my arms stretched up above me, and I'd be right in the hall so he couldn't miss me as he walked through the door.
I tried it out a couple of times on a short time lock, and added a grab strap to the chains, so that I could pull myself up a bit more with my hands. Then, when the time had arrived, I locked the handcuffs, making sure the key was on the little table at the far side of the hall.
The biggest decision was how long to set the padlock for. I wanted long enough to allow for Bill to be a bit late, but since it couldn't be opened any other way, I didn't want to be tied up all night, so I set it for 90 minutes, which seemed a good compromise.
So, there I was, arms fastened high above me, which seemed to pull my tits up as well, making me proud of how they looked when I glanced down, and my weight was mainly resting on the balls of my feet. I hadn't realised, though, how fast this position was going to start feeling really uncomfortable, my arms and legs starting to ache in only a few minutes.
On the other hand, as the discomfort level went up, so did the tingling in my cunt, as I thought about what Bill would do to me when he got home, knowing that whatever it was, I would be at his mercy. Somehow, even though I knew I'd never refuse anything he wanted me to do these days, it was still exciting, knowing that there was no way I could stop him if he'd come up with some fantastic new thing to do, something different to shove into one of my holes, or whatever torture he wanted to give my nipples.
Shit, thinking of nipples, they were as stiff as iron, and I desperately wanted to play with myself, except I couldn't. I started trying to cross my legs, and rub them together, trying to work my clit as I did so. Well, it worked a bit, but nowhere near enough to get me off, just enough to ratchet up my desire, my pussy itching like someone had beaten it with poison ivy.
I was wriggling around, realising I had well over an hour before I'd be released, almost in tears with frustration in not being able to play with myself, when I heard a key turn in the front door. I was bursting in anticipation as the door slowly opened.
"Hi Jo! Are you there?"
At the same time as I realised that wasn't Bill's voice, a man walked into the hall. Oh fuck, it was Mark, my father-in-law! What the hell was he doing with a key, and anyway, he wasn't due for another day, surely?
"Fucking hell," I heard him gasp as he saw me, naked, tied up, right in front of him. "Hi, Jo, Bill said he'd told you I was coming for a couple of nights, but I never expected quite such a warm welcome."
It dawned on me that I was having another surprise. When I'd let strangers see my tits and pussy, I got a frisson of fear, and a whole bucketload of thrill, but this was no stranger, it was my father-in-law, and I'd never have dreamed of letting him see me naked. I felt ashamed and embarrassed like never before.
"This wasn't for you. You weren't supposed to be here until tomorrow. Anyway, where the hell is Bill?"
"He stopped off to get a takeaway for us all, because I knew I was a day early, and he said you wouldn't have anything ready. Fuck me, though, Jo, he was wrong, wasn't he? Why don't you let go, put something on, and we'll decide what we tell Bill when he gets back."
"Ha ha! I'm locked up here for another hour or so, until the timer runs out."
"Shit, so you couldn't stop me touching you or anything," he said softly, walking closer to me. "I guess I can figure out what you and Bill were intending ..."
"He doesn't know anything about it, stupid, else he wouldn't have given you a key."
"You know, Jo, you remind me so much of your mother. Her breasts were just like yours, and her nipples used to give her away as well," he said, quietly, coming right up to me, and moving his hand up towards one of my tits. His hand was still hovering, less than an inch away, when he looked straight into my eyes. "I used to love the feel of her tits, and I bet yours feel the same."
Hell, I heard myself doing that stupid whimpering like a beaten dog, as I looked at him, shook my head, and tried to say no, but all that came out was a sort of croak.
"Well, Jo, I really don't think you can stop me, can you, but surely you wouldn't begrudge your old father-in-law a reminder of your mother, would you?"
He was right about the first bit, that was for sure, and I was still trying to say no as his hand closed over my breast, and he started to roll the nipple between his fingers and thumb.
"You know, Jo, sometimes I could get your mom to come just playing with her like this."
Oh fuck, I wish he hadn't said that, because my pussy seemed to have got the same idea. A massive shock went through me, making me jerk violently against the handcuffs holding me. If I'd thought I'd been desperate to come before, it bore no comparison to the way I felt know, like a bomb primed to explode.
"Ah, I can see you really are like your mom, Jo, and I bet your cunt is as wet as hell, the way hers always was."
Oh God, he was sliding his hand up over my thigh, so gently it felt like the sheerest silk moving up my leg, but then he pushed my legs apart enough for him to slip two fingers between my lips, grazing my clit, then skidding back down my slimy slit, until he reached my hole, and he slid them inside.
If my clit had had a voice, it would be yelling out as loudly as it could, begging his fingers to come back. Instead, he pulled his fingers out of me, and brought them up to his face. As I watched him, I had another surprise, as I saw tears welling up in his eyes.
"God, Jo, you even smell like her," he said, before he put his fingers into his mouth, and sucked my cum off. "And you taste so like her as well. You know I loved her, don't you? She should have married me, and not your moronic, cheating father."
That was yet another surprise. As far as I knew, he'd only come into my life years after my father had left, after dozens of uncles who'd used mom, then walked off when they got bored with her, and not long before I discovered she was terminally ill.
"You mean you knew mom before I was born? And she gave herself to you way back then?"
"She was my first love, Jo. My only love, really. After she married your father, I married a previous girlfriend, I guess you'd say on the rebound. We had Bill, and I kept away, because I couldn't bear to be around your mom without, you know, being able to have her fully. I only came back, because she wrote to me, and said she thought something was seriously wrong with her."
"So, Mark, let me get this straight. Because I look like mom, and you enjoyed fucking her, you somehow think I should let you fuck me? I thought you liked all those young dumb blondes with plastic tits, not a flabby old woman like me?"
"They're just to stop me thinking about your mom, Jo. Always have been. Anyway, just because someone enjoys cheap burgers, doesn't mean they don't appreciate fine dining if they get a chance, does it?"
I was crying softly by this time, as I realised just how much Bill's father must have loved my mother. It's still not enough for you to let him fuck you, though, my brain was telling me, but my pussy was screaming out the opposite, telling me how dirty, disgusting and thrilling it would be if my husband caught his father fucking me, with the added excitement of being unable to resist, and to that extent having an excuse to give in.
"Come on Jo, let me recapture some of your mother," Mark said, as he unzipped his pants, and pulled out his cock, which he pushed up between my legs.
I knew it was wrong, but yet I wanted, no needed to be fucked. I'd tied myself up like this so that I would get fucked by my husband, pretending he was forcing me against my will, which alone gave me a huge buzz, so how much better would it be to genuinely be fucked, not by my husband, not even a stranger, but by my forbidden father-in-law.
I was still just making groaning noises, as my mouth tried to interpret the conflicts in my body, when Mark took the decision away from me. He'd always had a powerful physique, and he must have been keeping in shape, because he bent forward, put his hands behind my knees, and lifted me off of the floor.
Some of my weight was taken on my handcuffed arms as he pulled my legs towards him, but then he took a step forward, pushing my legs around his body. I felt his cock hit against my cunt, force open my lips, and sink deep into my vagina.
I couldn't help myself. I crossed my ankles behind his butt, and pushed him even further up inside me, pressing the lips of his pants into my thigh. Oh God, my father-in-law was inside me, something that should never be, but the thought alone sent my arousal soaring up, almost to the point of coming, especially when he bent his head forward, and started sucking on my stiff nipple.
"That's right, Dad. Fuck my slut of a wife, the way you did her mother. You know what a whore she was, and Jo's become even worse."
"Bill! It was supposed to be you that found me like this ... but your father came in and ..."
"I know, Jo, I've been listening. I came in the other way, and I've put the takeaway into the warming draw. You might have been expecting me, but I bet you would have preferred it if a stranger had caught you like it, and you'd have let them fuck you, whoever they were, wouldn't you?"
Mark had started to thrust in and out of me, and I knew there was no way on earth I could make myself stop now - and nor could Bill.
"Yes, darling," I managed to say weakly, as the sensations my father-in-law were triggering in my pussy took control of my body.
"And you told me how much you liked being double-penetrated by those boys, so now you can sample it with your husband and his father."
I hadn't really thought about how the position I was in was pulling my arse cheeks apart until I felt something warm, but also cold and wet touch my stretched anus. Bill had obviously lubed himself up well, but as his cock pushed into my asshole, forcing his father's cock to drag my vagina to one side, I felt as if I was going to be split from front to back.
"Aagghh! Fuck! No!" I screamed, which a bystander might have interpreted as wanting them to stop, when nothing further could be from the truth.
I was loving the feeling of the two cocks fighting for real estate inside my belly, sending electric shocks zinging through me, as they started to find their rhythm. I deliberately took more of my weight on my arms, letting my body twist and turn as the battle went on inside me.
"You've got no choice what we do to you, Jo have you? That was why you tied yourself up, wasn't it? Go on, Dad, fuck the bitch's dirty, cheating cunt. Fuck her the way you did her whore of a mother, and fill her with your sperm."
The thought that Bill's father was going to put some of the same semen that created him with his mother, was almost too much to bear, and I came, hanging from the stair post, my body being tossed around as my husband's and his father's cocks battered into my two holes.
"Fuck me harder, boys. Fuck me like the slut I am. Don't stop until both holes are full of spunk."
Oh God, it was marvellous. My body felt blown up like a balloon, stretched, on fire, ready to explode in another climax before the first one had even left me. I'd wanted to imagine Bill forcing himself on me, touching me in ways no man ever should touch a woman, but this was so much better. For a moment, I was my mother, being fucked not just by Mark, who I now knew fucked her a lot more than I'd realised, but by his son, my daughter's husband, and if only she'd been alive still, I knew she'd relish making me watch.
I was lost in that thought, when I felt Mark's cock squirting his cum into my cunt, which tripped me and my mother over the edge, and we both came together, screaming our heads off, and as I squirmed around, I felt Bill sending his own spunk deep into my bowels. It was wonderful. I was still imagining I was my mother, when the men pulled out of me, lowering me back to the floor so I could take my weight on my feet again.
Bill and Mark moved around to the front of me, and looked me up and down. To my surprise, Mark's eyes were full of tears.
"God, Jo, you look even more like you mother now. She used to love making me watch my spunk run back out of her cunt. She'd tease me that she'd stopped taking the pill, and I was going to make her pregnant. I used to wish I had, because maybe she'd have let me marry her, rather than that jerk she ended up with."
"What makes you think I'm on the pill, Mark? Didn't you know Bill's had a vasectomy, so I don't need it?"
Oh, the look of horror on his face then, with the thought that he might have just knocked up his daughter-in-law.
"Huh, don't worry, Dad, she's just kidding you - just as well given how she's started to let all sorts of men screw her. Anyway, Jo, how can we get you down?"
"You can't darling. What's the time? Oh, there must be another thirty minutes or so before the time on the padlock releases it."
"So, you're still totally at our mercy, then, darling?" Bill asked, with a wicked smile on his face.
He came towards me, and I was expecting him to grab my breasts, my pussy or my ass, but what he did took me totally by surprise. He started tickling me under my arms, which were stretched up high.
"Come on, Dad, join me," he said.
Damn, he knew how ticklish I was, and when we first met, we often enjoyed tickling battles, but somehow as life got more serious with work and bringing up children, it must have been years since we'd done it. But this time I had no escape, no retaliation possible.
I was twisting around against the restraints, doing that stupid sort of giggling mixed with protesting that I guess most people do when they are tickled mercilessly. Mark had joined in, working on one arm, while Bill sent me wild tickling the other one. Then the bastard started tickling me around my waist, while the fingers of his other hand kept brushing under my arm.
Shit, it was fun, but it was almost unbearable, as I tried to twist away from the tickling, while my whole body felt as if it was going to blow apart. Bill and Mark were laughing their heads off as I squirmed and twisted totally ineffectually.
It suddenly hit me, though, that the feeling I was getting from being tickled wasn't altogether different from getting sexually aroused. In both cases, my entire senses were completely focused on the sensations shooting through my body, although with tickling I didn't have the same explosive climactic finish to put an end to it, nor was the tickling affecting my pussy to the same extend.
It was almost as if Bill had read my thoughts, because he gave up on my waist, and moved his hand down to my other ticklish spot: my groin. He dug his fingers into the crease between my legs and my body, making me jerk my leg up, leaving me standing on the other one. I must have started yelling louder, because Mark spotted what was going on, and he started working on the other side.
They still were tickling me under my arms as well, but now I'd have done anything to get them to stop. My eyes were watering, and I my legs kept bending from the reflex action, leaving me hanging by my hands alone. Oh God, I hadn't experienced anything so intense for years, perhaps ever, except giving birth, and getting triple-teamed by June's son and his friends.
But this wasn't sexual. Or was it? In between everything else, I became aware of Bill's and Mark's cocks hitting against my leg, and their fingers had started moving further between my legs, though this didn't stop the tickling.
I felt Mark moving around me, then his fingers stopped the tickling, his hands caught my thighs, and my legs were lifted up from the floor. Bill had stopped the tickling as well, putting his hands around to my butt, and he thrust his cock hard into me.
"I love you, Jo, you fucking cunt," he said, looking into my eyes. "Go on, Dad, your turn up her asshole."
He bent forward and kissed me, his tongue pressing between my lips and into my mouth, as my father-in-law's cock forced its way into my anus, until I felt my husband's and his father's balls slap together between my legs.
All of the pent-up energy from the tickling seemed to turn into sexual arousal in an instant, as the openings to both my cunt and my ass were stretched and massaged by a cock going in and out of them. Once again, I experienced the delightful feeling of two cocks competing for space inside my belly.
"For fucks sake play with my clit," I screamed, wanting to come so badly it hurt.
Both Mark and Bill took it as a command to them, and in truth, I wasn't sure myself who I meant. Anyway, Mark managed to get his hand around my hip, and Bill pressed one of his between our bellies, and my husband's and father-in-law's fingers met on the slimy, stiff nub at the front of my cunt.
Oh God, I came! And I kept coming, who knows how many times, until eventually Bill and Mark both shot their loads up inside me, only just in time as I heard a click, the lock released, and I fell into their arms, all of us tumbling over on the floor of the hallway, bursting out laughing.
"Well, that was even more fun than I'd expected," I said, as I got myself to my feet, dripping out of both holes.
"It was a lovely surprise, that's for sure," Mark added, before Bill brought us back to reality, reminding us of the takeaway which was in the warming drawer in the kitchen.
Bill and I shared a shower, while Mark used the one in the other bedroom, then we went back downstairs for our dinner. While we ate, I went back to quizzing Mark about just how well he knew my mother.
"She was my first love. My only true love, actually. She was always a bit flighty, and I knew I wasn't the only man she went with, but I kind of learned to live with it, as I couldn't bear to lose her."
"But what happened, then, Mark? How come she married someone else?"
"I don't really know, Jo. She'd been on the pill, and I used to come inside her, and often I could tell she'd let someone else come in her as well. I'd asked if she'd marry me, and start a family, but she just kept putting me off, never saying yes or no. But for some reason, she came off the pill without me, and presumably the others knowing, and the next thing I knew, she announced she was pregnant, and she was going to marry my rival."
I could see from the expression on Mark's face just how much this had hurt him.
"I guess she had reason to think he was the father, and of course, you were the baby she was carrying. I was devastated, but I was dammed if I was going to let her ruin my life, so I proposed to one of my other girlfriends - no, I wasn't entirely faithful then either. We got married and had Bill, but the problem was we never loved each other, and I'd probably never got over your mother, and she left me."
"Then Mom invited you back? You said she thought she was ill, but she didn't say anything to me."
"No, she made me swear to keep it secret, else she wouldn't let me ... well, you know. I still loved her, and at least we made the best or our limited time together. We were both delighted when you and Bill got together."
"So, Dad, it wasn't really my wife I caught you fucking, but her mother? Hmm, and from what I remember, she was always up for it, so as far as I'm concerned, you can use Jo like that again whenever you want. OK, Jo?"
I could hardly say no, could I, so we all kissed and hugged, as I said I was fine with it as well.
When we all went to bed, Bill and I cuddled for a while, telling each other how much we loved each other, Bill drifted off to sleep first, but my brain was still replaying the events of the afternoon, and the whole of the previous week.
When the Professor fucked me, I was just a cunt, with no emotional attachment, but that was how I wanted it, and given the way I'd let him look at me and touch me, I'd have been upset if he hadn't given in and taken me. Hopefully, he'd fuck me again this semester.
I wasn't even that to the boys. I was just a warm object with three holes they could use to satisfy themselves. But again that was what I'd wanted, to be brutally fucked, enjoying the experience, and even more the satisfaction of knowing that even though I was so much older than them, my body could still drive them wild with lust, giving them a more extreme sexual experience than they'd ever had. And who knows, might ever have again.
The contrast was making love with Bill, something completely different. Even though his cock was up me, it was more about making a mental connection, just moving enough to keep aroused, but not to come. The beauty of it was more the knowledge that however much either of us fucked other people, the two of us had a far deeper love and connection, and when we both did come, it was a totally different experience to fucking the boys.
The strange thing was what had happened with Bill's father. I'd started out wanting Bill to fuck me like a slut, not make love, and with Mark catching me, then Bill joining in, on the face of it, it should have been more like the brutal fuck the boys had given me.
But it wasn't. Somehow, it was more like making love. But that was crazy, wasn't it? Maybe not, though. From what he'd said, Mark was more making love to an image of his first love, my mother, and I'd almost felt like I was my mother making love to him. The way Bill and then Mark had tickled me also made it feel more like making love than just sex.
Having Bill in me as well, just felt like giving me permission to feel like my Mom, somehow. I was just drifting off to sleep, still wondering how this would have been possible, when an unexpected thought jerked me back awake.
If Mark was still fucking Mom when she came off the pill, who was to say that he wasn't the father? It was before DNA testing, when paternity testing relied only on blood groups and eye and hair colours, so it wasn't used much.
Shit, that would mean he was my father, not my father-in-law, and my husband was also my half-brother! Had I just let my own father fuck me? What on earth would I tell the girls? That their parent's marriage was incestuous and illegal? No, it was just too awful to even think about.
The problem I was wresting with, as I went to sleep, was given the cheap and easy availability of DNA testing, including on family tree sites, and that I had access to all three of our DNA samples, could I resist the temptation to find out?