(Story contains italicized text)
If you are under 18 years of age, kindly leave and do not read any further. All individuals in my tales, both real and fictitious, are themselves, over the age of 18 years old.
The stories in The Dragon Chronicles are intended to be read in chronological order if they are to make sense to you, the reader. If you are just beginning here, I invite you to go back to chapter one and join Violet at the beginning of her story.
***
Violet led me to her car and tossed me the keys. "You drive," was all she said.
I took us into the park and drove slowly around the scenic ring road. She had completely turned the tables on me back at the patio and I was more than a little curious about what else she was capable of.
"Are you going to tell me what you said to those two on the patio?"
"Are you going to teach me the ways of being your slut," she shot back.
"Pupil, my dear... you won't just be a slut for me."
I looked at her and studied her face before answering her question.
"You seem awfully eager to become a naughty girl," I queried.
"You seem to need an awful lot of persuading. Were you this hard on Shirley Mickleson?"
I pulled into a small view point and stopped the car.
"How do you know Shirley Mickleson?"
Shirley is a high end real estate saleswoman who I had spent a lot of time with. Her husband wanted a hotwife and I had agreed to help her down that path. Gorgeous, sophisticated and a natural slut who merely needed a little tutoring to open both her legs and her mind. I fucked Shirley regularly and made videos of it for her cuckold husband. Great people, but how did Violet know her?
"I just know them. Are you always this pedantic?
"With this... yes, I am!" I said in an annoyed tone again.
"I promised them and I won't break my promises. That's something that should make you happy!"
This girl was a real puzzle and if I was going to really take her into the other morality, I needed to find out a lot more about her. And Shirley was where I was going to start.
Here... I know something you'll like!" Violet said with a giggle.
She reached into her purse and pulled out a small, red g-string pair of panties. She undid her seatbelt and cuddled right up against me. She took my face into her hands and gave me an incredibly deep kiss. When she broke away she held the balled up panties to my nose and instructed me to close my eyes and breathe in.
"Can you smell my pussy?" she asked.
"Cunt," I replied.
"Cunt?"
"That's right. When you are with me, you will only use the word cunt. Understand?"
She snuggled right up tight to me and rubbed her panties all over my face.
"Do you like the smell of my... cunt, St. John?"
It brought back memories of when poppers were popular in the sex scene. I didn't answer her. I just closed my eyes and inhaled the sharp smell of those panties. The pull off was sheltered from the main road by a row of dense trees and I knew no one could see us parked in there. I took Violet's panties and put them in my pocket and then took her in my arms and began kissing her again. She kissed me back with passion and took my tongue greedily. This woman was hot, so hot, but I wanted to see just how hot I could get her while we were here in the park.
Her breathing was deep and heavy. I played with her nipples and teased them to see which she enjoyed more... rough or gentle. By the way she squirmed and moaned louder into my mouth --I'd say rougher was her preference.
At one point she'd actually gotten up on her knees and was leaning over top of me as we kissed like two teenagers. I unfastened those skintight pants she was wearing and managed to get them down far enough to actually touch her cunt. Fuck! Those pants were tight! I managed to slip a finger between her thighs and along the crease of her vagina. Mental note at that point... she had a camel toe. I gently slipped my finger between the meaty lips and into her honey pot of excitement. It was like dipping a finger into warm oil. Violet was so wet I was surprised that she hadn't drug me from the car to fuck her naked ass right on the hood. Having had other women this sopping wet, they'd have been begging to pull a train of horny guys!
I found her clit with my finger --just a small nub, but I knew it extended down either side of those swollen lips. I fingered her cunt slowly and smoothly as I continued to tease her with my tongue.
"Stick your tongue out as far as you can," I whispered.
My breathing was as heavy as hers and there was no way that this was going to end in the front seat of her car! I kissed her harder and slipped another finger into the warm honey between her legs. She was screaming into my mouth as I worked them in and out. I'd found one of her spots on the backside of her clit and I was torturing her. She shrieked and squirmed and panted like a dog, but I was not going to let her cum. Not yet.
I settled her down a bit by breaking the kiss and softly sucking on her protruding tongue like I was giving her a nice slow blow job. I slipped my fingers out of her cunt and put them on either side of her lips. Not everyone knows that the legs of the clitoris run down either side of the vagina and pinching those two lips together could be even more stimulating than just rubbing and teasing the nub.
I squeezed gently to judge Violet's reaction... not much. A little bit firmer touch and her breathing started to get excited again. She was so lubricated with all of her honey, she was easy to pull and pinch together and rub those lips. She started to squirm again and pressed her mouth hard against mine with a more passionate kiss. She gyrated her hips and bucked back and forth as I worked her up. She was literally peeing herself she was so turned on... but I wasn't through with her yet. On the slutty scale of 1 to 25 she was barely off the ground. This was just teasing a horny girl.
It was a gorgeous evening and the golden yellow glow of the sun starting to go lower and lower was streaming through the giant cedars. The air was heavy with the smell of the ocean and forest.
"Let's take a little walk," I said as I turned away from her and opened the car door.
It was as if you'd pulled the plug on the patient's life support unit and she was suddenly left standing in empty space.
"Wha... what are you doing? Why did you stop?"
She was spinning in her head and hadn't landed yet. She would be fine, because I wasn't through with her --not by any means. But a little more teasing before giving her what she really wanted would only make it that much better. I think the colloquial term for it is... edging, and I had her teetering on the brink of a cliff!
Her face was flushed, clothes rumpled, pants undone and she had a glisteny look all over her skin. I thought, as I walked away from her, that she looked like a real slut in heat and if anyone would have seen her, they'd have thought the exact same thing. I smiled to myself.
We headed into the forest on one of the trails that splayed out from the parking area. She followed close behind and I could tell that she was out of her element now and a little uncomfortable.
"Where are we going?" she said in a whiny little voice.
"You'll see."
We walked for about 10 minutes and then left the trail and wondered far enough into the thick cover of trees that we would not have to worry about being disturbed.
I turned and took Violet into my arms and started kissing her on her lips and her neck and all over her face. As I kissed her, I felt her up. My hands went into the gaping arm holes where I helped myself to the treats a number of other folks had already enjoyed this evening. I pinched her nipples and pulled on them. I squeezed her soft, perfect breasts and milked her like someone would milk a cow. She whimpered and moaned into my mouth as she returned my kisses. I grabbed a handful of her shiny black hair and pulled her head back. When her throat was totally exposed, I lunged forward and started sucking and biting her soft exposed skin. With the whimpering and moaning, she was now shrieking as I devoured her.
I began to pull her clothes off, starting with her top. She resisted me and said, "No! Not here, St. John! Somebody might come along and catch us!"
I laughed at her and responded sarcastically, "Right... the little slut that just got felt up and suckled another woman's tits right in the middle of an outdoor patio. Get serious, Violet. I want to see you naked!"
My abrupt response seemed to settle her a bit and she took off her top and undid her ultra tight pants and started working them down her legs. As she wiggled and struggled, I slipped by hand in between her thighs again and over the mostly shaved mound of her quim. It felt fantastic... and as I slipped my fingers between her lips, I was pleased to feel that she was still just as soaking wet!
As I pushed two fingers easily into her cunt, Violet started to heave and exhale big breathes. This lovely sweetheart was on fire and if I had to guess, I would say that it had been quite some time since she had been fucked really good. I think she was having an orgasm before I had even really started on her!
I had to back off a bit and help steady her as she was in the final struggles getting her feet out of those pants.
"I've got a nice treat for you, slutty Violet," I teased once she was completely naked. "Would Violet enjoy seeing how big my cock is? I think you're going to really like it!"
She was almost hyperventilating and I was loving it! There were a lot of questions and concerns about what Violet knew and just who she was, living in the upper, upper class of the city, but she had me as horny as I had her and if I didn't fuck her soon, one of us was going to die of a heart attack!
It's rare to meet a woman who was not at least curious about a big cock and although many quip that size doesn't matter, I've never heard one of them repeat that thought after having been fucked by one. The trick when you're very well hung is a bit of psychology. Women see porn videos of horse-hung men jamming 9 inches up a completely ignored pussy (sorry... cunt) and they freak out. Who would enjoy that? Exactly. A little technique, a little charm and some expert foreplay and you'd be surprised how quickly they fall in love with a nice, big cock. Saddle up, ladies, it's time to ride!
I took one of Violet's hands and placed it on the bulge in my pants as I wrapped my free arm around her and pulled her in for another kiss. I could feel the surprise in both her kiss and her touch when she realized exactly how big of a cock she had provoked.
"Wrap your hand around it and just stroke it nicely," I whispered as I ran my tongue around the edge of her ear then sucked on her lobe.
I let her go and started to undress myself, moving my attention down to her neck again and licking it softly. She was cuddled right up to me making it somewhat challenging to get my own clothes off. I took a step back to get a little room to finish the job. As I stripped, I looked at her and could not believe just how gorgeous her naked body was. The uniform I had seen her in so many times had hid this beautiful sculpture of a woman from me completely!
Once naked, I stood there and let her look at my body. It was pretty average, especially for a guy with a few thousand miles on him, but what was far from average... Violet could not take her eyes off of.
"Come and stroke it... you'll like how it feels," I said to her gently.
She tried to wrap her small hand around it and just could not get her fingers to meet. She had a lovely soft touch though and although I prefer a stronger, more aggressive hand... this was perfect considering the situation. Seeing my cock for the first time must have been intimidating for her. She looked up at me with a bit of fear visible in her eyes. Trying to settle her, I stroked her head softly and whispered that I would go very slow and not force her. She took her other hand and wrapped it too around the girth of my cock and slowly jacked me.
I let her play for just a couple of minutes because, it was now into dusk and I did not want to get caught out there in the dark. Again I pulled her into my body, this time my ridged cock standing tall between our stomachs, and I rubbed my body gently against hers. I kissed and sucked my way again from her forehead, passed her earlobes, her neck and shoulders and down to her hard, brown nipples. I ran my hands over the beautiful spheres of her breasts and massaged their firmness with gentle fingers. I wanted this lovely lady relaxed and comfortable to take my cock for the first time and she had settled down considerably from the state she'd been in only a few minutes earlier.
I had lead her to a place in the trees were a giant had toppled down in a wind storm some years ago. The diameter of its trunk was huge and you could easily lay on it and not feel like any of you was hanging over the sides. I took Violet by the hand and helped her get up onto the fallen tree and positioned her so that I could stand on the ground and easily put my head between her open thighs and kiss her cunt. She stretched out, arms above her head, one leg laying flat and the other bent at the knee. Her quim glistened from the excitement we'd created earlier and I softly nibbled along the insides of her wide open thighs. I could smell Violet's womanly scent and it was intoxicating.
When my lips reached her swollen lips, she took in a sharp breath in. As my tongue pushed into the deep cleft of her cunt, she slowly let the breath out and made a soft moaning sound. I stirred her honey pot with my tongue and drank down a generous gulp of her readiness. As my tongue probed harder, she squirmed her ass against the rough bark. The deeper I probed the more she lifted her shapely ass up and pushed her cunt against my face. Normally, I don't like to rush the preparation of a lady to have sex, but this was just suppose to be a tease anyways and the next time, I'd help dear Violet into orbit.
She was panting again and pushing her cunt hard into my face. I could feel her close to cumming and did not want that to happen. Tonight, I was hoping that it would not take much to push my little Oriental, slut to be, over the edge with a nice penetration orgasm...
I took her hands and helped her get down off of the log. Standing now, I gently positioned her laying across the log, her body bend at the hips.
"Here, baby, lay here and spread your legs..."
As she moved her feet apart, I took a small bottle from my pants and squeezed a generous mound of it into my fingers. It felt cool as I pushed my fingers back into Violet's cunt and slowly worked them in and out. As deep as I could push my hand, I coated her generously with the lubricant.
Pulling my fingers out, I put my lips close to her ear and whispered, "Would you like me to fuck you, Violet? Would you like to feel my nice hard cock in your tight little slutty cunt? This is it, darling, this is how it begins..."
She groaned and pushed her ass against me and rubbed it against the hard shaft of my cock.
"Have you ever been bred by a horseman before?" I whispered in her ear as I licked it and brought the head of my cock right against her swollen sex.
"Nnnoooo...," she whined in her tiny voice. "GOD! Pleeease, fuck me! Pleeease... I'm sooo fucking horny!
"Relax, baby, here it comes. I'll just give you a little bit until you get used to it..."
And I pushed the large knob past her labia. I gave her about 3" and then slowly eased it almost all of the way out. Again, I pushed my cock into her cunt slowly and let her get used to the size. In and out, in and out... just a nice gentle motion.
I sucked her earlobe again. "Are you doing okay, baby?" I whispered.
"Uh huh..."
I pushed a little more in and withdrew it a little faster. In, again and deeper still. Faster now and she had about three quarters of my cock in her. I picked up the pace and she reacted immediately!
"Oh God! Oooh God!" she started groaning. Squirming her ass around and pushing back at me as I pulled it out.
"You still okay, baby?"
"Yeees, uh huh...OH GOD! OH FUCK! You are soooo fucking big!" she whined and groaned.
I gave her a bit more and started to ride her harder. She pulled away from me and started howling!
"FUCK! THAT'S TOO MUCH! TOO MUCH!"
"Easy baby, easy," I whispered. "It's okay... that's normal. Trust me it starts to feel really good pretty soon. Just relax, baby, I've got you."
I picked up the pace of my thrusts and with a stroke of luck, found her spot. Deep in her cunt, most women have never been penetrated deep enough to ever feel the explosions that touching that magic little area causes. This is orgasm nirvana and when you find it... you own her!
There was no mistaking what was going on if anyone had been close enough to hear Violet's pleading and begging. Just as I told her, the too much soon changed back to oh fuck! Oh fuck! and a few other moans and squeals that were more animal than female. I fucked Violet to an explosive, leg shaking orgasm that evening in the woods that left her sweaty, bedraggled and a right lovely mess. I filled a condom with cum and knew that I was going to sleep beautifully that night. And Violet... she collapsed back in the car like she'd be drugged. Well... she actually had been drugged. I treated her to horsecock... the preferred drug of sluts the world over.
I had awoken that morning without a care in the world. When I went to sleep that night, I was pretty sure I'd found a new project. Violet, however, still had a few things to explain and I had to talk to a particular lady before the good stuff was going to start... But, that's another story.
To be continued...