Juicy Lucy the Art Model, Part 2 continues with Lucy taking her turn at posing for her decidedly libertine art group. Please read Part 1 first. The poses get increasingly erotic as the evening progresses...
(In her own art work, Lucy's specialisation was intimate views of the female genitalia. Sort of like Georgia O'Keefe, who used flowers and plants of the American desert as inspiration for her paintings suggesting the vulva, labia, and clitoris. But Lucy chose live models, and reciprocated by providing herself as a model as well. When modeling, she made sure to present herself explicitly and unashamedly. Also, as one of the founding members of the group, she had a major say in setting the theme for each get-together. This evening she'd chosen Erotic Couplings for the second and third hours.)
But first, there were a few more solo poses, for which Lucy was ready:
One of the women took Lucy's robe and asked her to stand in a certain way with one leg on the stool, and came up on the platform herself to arrange Lucy's limbs, assuring that her legs were well apart, then teased her clit out of its hood. The second pose had Lucy reclining on the futon, for the third she was seated on the chair with her legs parted over the armrests, again with her clit prominent. I could see exactly which of the other artists were enjoying a perfect unobstructed frontal view of Lucy's exposed and open cunt. I noticed where Lucy's young student Michael was seated and that he was in a good position to be looking straight up at the nakedness between his teacher's legs. A student being treated to the ultimate beaver shot! Complete with pink!
One of the regulars came up to Lucy and asked permission to touch her to adjust the pose. With her consent, he first fluffed her individual pubic hairs out a bit, then used his fingers to gently spread her lips apart, as Lucy thanked him for the extra attention he gave her lady bits. I noticed Michael shifting uneasily at the improved view. I also noticed the wetness forming between Lucy's legs. Living up to her nickname 'Juicy Lucy'!
By now, Lucy's nipples were darker and appeared much more pointed than before. How I longed to approach her to kiss those nipples!
Lucy is very private about nudity and sex outside the art studio, but in the studio she's totally dedicated to art and will do whatever is necessary. Thus her ability to stand before us proudly naked, one foot on the edge of the divan, crotch open, telling us that now it was time to start the erotic couplings, and that the next pose called for a penis to be at least partially into her cunt. Perhaps mine?
Preparing for that pose, Lucy waited on the futon while George, a man in his thirties and thus about ten years Lucy's junior, ascended the steps to the platform, stripped off, and, semi-erect, stood next to Lucy for the desired pose: Lucy to recline on her side with George behind her, the two of them spooning, with George's arm draped across Lucy's breasts, the fingers of his hand encircling her nipple. George's penis would be just visible between Lucy's slightly parted legs. Two women stepped onto the platform to help arrange the models. Lucy reached between her legs to find George's cock behind her, and wriggled herself just over its tip and used her hands to put George's cock partway into her. She then set her arms and head into the pose.
One of the artists came forward to lift Lucy's leg higher to open her cunt a bit more, whilst I fed George's penis a little further into her. Once satisfied with the pose, we returned to our easels.
Of course, Lucy was quite capable of taking a cock into herself without assistance, but once her arms were set into a pose she relied on others to place the cock correctly. Sometimes she needed to have someone hold her labia open, other times it was to fit the cock properly. This time she needed both, for which she thanked me and the other fellow.
(Each member of our group occasionally posed nude, but only Lucy and one other woman, Sarah, ever consented to incidental penetration whilst modeling, and then only as needed for an artistic pose. We were all dedicated artists willing to sacrifice modesty, and to endure vulnerability, and possibly humiliation, for the sake of art. The only barriers Lucy respected were that she and her brother Louis, also an accomplished artist, and present this evening, had an agreement to not be paired together in any pose calling for penetration, and that she would not pose with her adult son Jonathan, also present. Her mum and dad, artists in their sixties, wouldn't arrive until later, as they were presently at a church dinner. She sometimes posed with Mum, but never with Dad.)
I could see George's penis slowly growing further into Lucy's cunt. She even commented on how it felt inside her, and wriggled a bit more to accommodate it better. Twice during the pose it fell out, and since Lucy had to keep her arms in the pose I came forward to stuff it back in. My one hand to hold her cunt lips apart, the other to work the cock into her. Then a final adjustment to fold the hood back to reveal her clit. We finally altered the pose to have George move his hand from Lucy's nipple to her slit, in order to keep her clit exposed.
For Lucy, having us arrange her cunt for a pose was as ordinary as arranging her arm or leg, the cock just made the pose a bit more complicated. Nonetheless, she maintained her dignity and set all at ease during these sexually-charged moments with light-hearted comments on what was going on, like "Don't be shy, maybe two fingers would work better", or "Perhaps use both hands, then you could pull my hood back a bit". Or, "Maybe diddle my clit a bit and it might stay out for the whole pose". And sometimes, just comments on nothing in particular, like what green grocer she favors. Or, she'll be lying there with a cock inside her, and tell us about a book she'd read. Or, look us in the eye and ask permission to orgasm, or to apologise if she already had. She was completely open, in more ways than one.
Sometimes she invited a first-timer to feel the smoothness of her skin to better be able to draw its texture.
Even though she wasn't actively fucking, the fact remained that, although motionless, she was lying there naked with a man's cock inside her, holding still while we studied the two nude bodies in an erotic pose. To a casual observer, she was certainly fucking, but to us artists she was holding a pose. But art or no art, I just wanted to fuck her myself!
The next pose called for Lucy to lie on the futon, her back supported by a cushion with her knees drawn up and apart. George knelt between her legs, his mouth just at her entrance, with his tongue on her clitoris. George's tongue wasn't the right shape to allow the clit to still be seen, so several of us, both men and women, tried in turn to place our tongue on Lucy's clit until the view was correct. When it came my turn to try, my tongue kept slipping off due to the excessive slickness there. The best turned out to be Phil, and once his tongue was on her clit, he held it there for the entire fifteen minutes as Lucy held his head in place. I saw that her breathing seemed to be heavier. As Phil pulled away when the timer sounded, his face appeared quite wet. (Unlike Sarah, Lucy allowed poses suggesting oral sex, as they'd be static--usually.) She was completely uninhibited if it was to benefit art. I saw that her clitoris was now out beyond the confines of its hood, projecting perhaps two centimeters, glowing pink and slick with fluid. At someone's request, Lucy stayed in position while two or three of us made quick close-up sketches. Depicting shiny fluid with charcoal or pencil is always a challenge, so a few minutes of practice was welcomed. Lucy kept her legs apart to afford us the best views of her clit, which now stayed out on its own.
After another short break, during which Lucy didn't bother with her robe, she was posed, again with George, lying on his back with his erection straight up. Lucy took up her position by squatting over George and lowering herself, taking in the full length of his cock. Then she set her arms on George's shoulders as he took one of her nipples in his mouth. Her other breast hung alongside George's face. She playfully teased him by poking him in the eye with that nipple.
My half of the studio had a rear view of Lucy, with her bum tilted up to reveal her anus just above George's cock disappearing into her cunt. Again, George's cock slipped out and I was asked to stuff it back in for the rest of the pose. I had to wipe my hands before resuming my drawing. I could see that Lucy's asshole was clean and, as usual, very pretty.
Before the next pose, George said he wanted to return to his easel. This meant someone else would take over the role of male model. After putting on her robe and walking around to see our work, Lucy asked Michael, her student, if he'd be willing to pose with her.
After some chiding by a few other young men his own age, he agreed--after all, this was his teacher! He was given a loaner robe and went to the changing area. Whilst he was away changing, Lucy told the rest of us that she made her choice after seeing that Michael's sketches showed that he'd placed great emphasis on her face, more so than the other artists' drawings that seemed to suggest more interest in her twat and tits. She appreciated that Michael saw and drew the tenderness expressed on her face, and sought to encourage him. She also told us that his depiction of her leaking cum and parted labia showed great potential for a budding artist, and that she might later arrange special classes to pose privately for Michael so he could become more familiar with the shape, colouring, and texture of female anatomy.
Finally Michael came out to join his teacher, and as he reluctantly removed the robe his erection sprang out. We had only just met Michael, and I was astounded by the size and implied strength of his dark, uncircumcised cock. It stood out nearly thirty centimeters, and had the girth of a beer bottle. Upon first seeing Michael's massive cock, Lucy stepped back, but then approached it and, using both hands to judge its size and strength, told us this wasn't quite the longest she'd ever had but it was certainly the thickest, and that she'd tell us more once it was inside her. The new pose was for Lucy to be on all fours, bum tilted upward and legs parted. She removed her robe and assumed that position, exposing her open tunnel from underneath. I could see her open pundenda between her legs, pink and wet. As he approached her upraised bare bum, Michaels' cock grew a bit longer and bulkier, standing stiffly upward, its tip stretching beyond the foreskin. Now revealed, the tip was shiny purple, distinct from the rest of him which was very dark mahogany, nearly ebony. With Michael kneeling behind her, she directed him to hold his cock level, then she backed onto it--carefully! Two of the women helped work Michael's oversize cock into Lucy, then pulled him back a bit to where the tip was just at her entrance. This again allowed a good view of both the male and female genitals at the moment of penetration.
Watching Michael's cock being worked into Lucy made me think of what a skilled plumber or pipe-fitter might do when on the job. Or, fitting a hose into a duct! Lucy seemed to remain passive, except that she mentioned that now she knew what the mare must feel like when the ranch hands stuff her with the prize stud's penis. I'd helped Lucy accommodate many cocks of various sizes, but never one this formidable!
Both Lucy and Michael told us it was difficult to keep this pose with only the tip of his cock in her, and she asked me to help. It kept slipping out. His tip was so big around that I had to ask one of the others to help hold Lucy open while I worked the penis a bit further in. This took four hands, and it really was like fitting pipes! To get an advantageous angle, I shimmied upside down under Lucy, and once I got past her dangling tits I was able to see better. So there I was, on my back, with my face under her, right where we were trying to maneuver an 18-year old's oversized cock into her cunt. Looking up I saw the folds of her inner labia stretched around the tip of her student's cock, and, trying to ignore his massive balls, I used this vantage point to manipulate him in a bit further. It was a bit like working on the plumbing under a sink inside a cabinet. We finally achieved a good fit. Then we had to wait a moment while she orgasmed. As she came her juices gushed out around Michael's cock and onto my eyes and mouth, for which she apologised. She tasted wonderful!
I extracted myself from under her and went back to my easel. Lucy was producing so much lubrication that Michael's cock still kept slipping out, so I went back and stuffed his penis into her a short bit further. This set off another orgasm, but somehow Lucy managed to hold the pose. Lucy's face is lovely as she orgasms, and this time I got to watch the changes in her face rather than the pulsing of her cunt at point-blank range!
I kept wondering if I'd soon be invited to have my own cock inside her. And if she'd be so stretched she wouldn't even feel me inside her!
Mechanically, the juncture of the two models looked like a dark tube with a pink seal stretched around it. But no professional plumber would have been happy with the excess of leaking fluid! Both models managed to hold the pose for the required time, but just as the timer sounded Michael let out a prolonged primal grunt, then rolled backwards behind Lucy. As he pulled out we could see the rope of fluid he'd pumped into her still connecting them, the excess beginning to flow out of her. On his back, Michael's erection pointed straight up, and he let loose with yet another powerful discharge. Some of it sprayed Lucy's thighs and bum, some arced over onto her back, and when she turned around more caught her on the face and tits. Michael was visibly mortified, but Lucy saw his humiliation and immediately gathered him up into her arms to comfort him and assured him that what had just happened was acceptable. One of the women exclaimed how tender this spontaneous scene looked, with the mature Lucy holding and comforting the much younger Michael, and asked if they could hold that pose, sort of a Madonna-and-Child composition, save for the cum on both of them. And that her vagina was still open from the recent intrusion.
For the next pose, Lucy was joined by her brother, two years her junior. Louis and Lucy, both naked, were directed into an upright pose, holding each other, face-to-face, with her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips, his hands supporting her bum. Once their bodies were pressed together Lucy asked me to move the tip of her brother's cock away from her cunt. I accomplished this by reaching under her bum and pushing Louis' cock above her vulva. Fifteen minutes later, as they pulled apart, I saw that they were stuck together by Louis' cum all over Lucy's abdomen and matted into her pubic hair. All, including Lucy, had a good laugh as the strands of his creamy cum stretched between them then finally separated.
Next, another woman, Nancy, disrobed and joined Lucy, still smeared with her brother's cum. And George's. And Michael's. And her own. The two naked women were directed to recline facing each other and to scissor their legs so as to press their crotches together, their shoulders supported by cushions, and to gaze into each other's eyes. Nancy was considerably younger, with leaner legs and smaller tits, the classic fashion model type. As they pressed their cunts together, each stretched their outer lips apart to bring their wet openings into contact. Nancy was totally hairless and Lucy's hair was only above her slit, so the view was excellent. Like two sets of lips in a passionate kiss, with plenty of pink on display! The combined scent given off by the two women was sweet and musky. As they pulled apart, there was a pleasant sucking sound.
After that pose, Nancy dabbed herself dry and got back into her kit to take up her pencils again, but Lucy remained nude, still cum-soaked, legs enticingly apart and ready for the next pose.
I wanted so much to stick my cock into that open, wet and vulnerable center of perfect womanhood.