It was finally the night when Tristan and I planned to meet. Planned to fuck. After months of playing and sexting, making pornographic videos to send to each other, I was ready to feel his 8 inch cock pounding my neglected pussy.
I slipped into the steamy shower, closing my eyes as the hot water trickled over my bare body. My brown nipples harden with each pelt of water. I cupped my breast in my small hands, tilting my head back, hissing as I pinched each stub. I gently rolled them between my fingertips, preparing them for tonight's adventures.
I slowly pulled my attention away from my breasts as I washed my reddish brown hair, then scrubbing my face and making sure my arms and legs were smooth as a babies bottom. I soaped up my luffa with my favorite body wash, 1000 wishes from Bath and Body hitting every inch of skin. The scent whirled around the bathroom giving hints of mystery.
After cleansing my body I soaped up my hand, propped my legs on the edge of the tub and massaged my pussy. I picked up the razor, carefully beginning to shave what little hair I had covering the puffy lips. I rid myself of the landing strip and little hairs playing peek-a-boo.
When satisfied it was all smooth, I rinsed the hands and soaped up again this time rubbing my asshole. It was not hairy but just in case it was to be penetrated, I wanted to prepare. It tickled as the tips of my fingers caressed the tight wrinkles surrounding the hole. I sighed in pleasure. Oh yes, he was going to fuck that hole tonight.
I quickly finished up, noticing the time. I rubbed my excited body off with the towel, tweaking my nipples one last time and rolling my swollen clit poking through the folds. Enough! I wanted my first orgasm to come as a result of Tristan's touch not mine. I brushed my teeth before heading into my room where the perfect out lay.
I knew my role was to play the slut, dress naughty for him. I chose my outfit wisely, his desires in mind. I slipped into a black satiny bra with full cups to fit over my 34C tits. I put on matching black satin high cut bikini panties with the idea of the darkness of the material catching my pussy juices. A witness to my excitement.
Next, Tristan's ultimate demand, black thigh highs. Gently smoothing them up my short trimmed legs, I smiled wickedly picturing his look as he pops a hard on in his pants to the thigh highs. He wanted to play, so play we will.
After smothering some matching scented lotion over the rest of my exposed body, I wiggled into a tight shimmering black camisole. I modeled it in font of the mirror to see how see-through it was. Just enough to flirt with the outline of my bra. Next I slipped into a figure forming black leather skirt that ended just inches below my ass and enough to teasingly show the tops of my thigh highs. What I loved most of the skirt was how it zippered up the side.
I finished up by brushing my still wet hair, pulling it into a loose braid and pouting my lips as I applied lips gloss. Pursing my plump lips, I gave myself one last look in the mirror, satisfied with how I looked. I only had one thing left to do, slid into my sexy black 4 inch booties. The extra inches gave my 5'0 frame a more seductive look.
As I began to drive to our meeting place, a hotel room, my thoughts began to swirl. I was nervous, never meeting Tristan. Yes, we have spoke on the phone, face timed, spoke hours on end daily but still, to meet in a room, just the two of us. In a room...just the two of us, his hard, long and thick cock. The barbarous mushroom shaped head demanding entrance into my weeping cunt. I couldn't rush quick enough to my stranger.
After a fifteen minute drive, I arrived. Checking one more time in the mirrors, puckering my lips and shaking out the braid, giving my hair a wavy look. My brown eyes were wide, with what I was not sure. I was terrified yet extremely horny, my vagina leaking. My body was ready to be consumed by my big man even as my mind was shying away.
I bravely exited the car, peeking at my phone to make sure I got the room number correct, 240. I silently slipped up the side stairs, not sure what to expect. Was Tristan going to welcome as a gentleman, moving slowly? Or was he going to play the big redneck biker he portrayed in our messages?
Knock! Knock!
I held my breath, waiting. I could hear his footsteps coming closer to the door. My body heated, my fingers opening and closing with every thump of his boots. My breath hitched as the door knob turned. This was it.
The door opened and time froze. I slowly looked up the 6'5 frame of the man I had been talking to for the past 3 months. He was magnificent. Tall, weighing about 300lbs and all muscle. Dark reddish hair that was shaved on the sides and shoulder length, a Mohawk that was slicked back. He had a matching colored goatee, longer and rougher looking reminding me a the men on Sons of Anarchy. His brown eyes met mine, shooting fire as he observed my body with the same interest as I had his.
Tristan was wearing a black Harley-Davidson t-shirt under a heavy matching jacket. He had on jeans that accent his long muscular legs before dipping into large black boots. I wanted him, my sexy, dirty minded biker.
"Hello, Munchkin." His gravelly voice pulled me from my trance. But too late I realized as he grabbed me roughly into the room, slamming the door.
I let out a squeak that was cut off by Tristan's fierce kiss. He held me bodily against the wall with a tree trunk leg plowing between my trembling thighs forcing me to straddle thigh. His large rough hands roving my body, woke up my muscles as I gripped his silky tresses, opening my lips to his in surrender. I was his to do as he willed.
Moaning in despair as Tristan's lips pulled away, trailing to my ear whispering harshly, "Mmm, my little slut." Nipping my ear, I toss my head back hitting the wall as he pushed his thigh deeper into my crotch.
"Please," I whimpered, clutching his jacket pulling him closer. I squirmed, attempting to feel his cock pulsing against my aching core. I couldn't wait any longer, I need my big man. I craved his domination of my body.
Tristan understood my silent plea as he shifted his giant frame between my legs. His hardened form stroking my burning body. Those large paws gripping my ankles, slowly stroking up memorizing the feel of the nylon material hiding my legs. The higher he goes the tighter his grip becomes, his thumbs digging into my inner muscles as they clenched in response.
"Fuck, Baby," He growled snapping the elastic tops of the thigh highs. His large frame shook as his lips devoured mine again.
I groaned as I shoved off the heavy leather jacket, hearing a huge thud as it hit the ground. I then attacked his belt thanking God that my hands were small enough to slither between our heated bodies. Once undone, the button and zipper were disengaged freeing that thick piece of meat my body begged for, had been craving for months.
In a hurry, I gave it a few quick strokes before pulling it to my wet entrance. I whimpered as the pulsing tip came into contact with the soaked barrier. Tristan chuckled as he slipped a finger in the side allowing me to slide onto his thick pole.
We both moaned in satisfaction, as my heated tunnel closed around the breast, sucking it in deep. He just held still within my hole, causing my frustration for completion to mount with every pulse of his cock. Each thump of his penis against my inner walls pissing me off more and more. I was not having it, he may have started it but I was going to finish it.
I gripped Tristan's shoulders in a firm hold, looking into his dark eyes as I smiled evilly. Clutching his wide hips with my legs, I raised my body slowly up his throbbing member, enjoying the hiss escaping from his lips. Time to take control as I began to ride the powerful biker.
"Oh fuck, baby," Tristan growled as I pulled his head to mine as I kissed him, my tongue stabbing past his lips and exploring the inner recesses of the hot cavern. I tightened my inner walls feeling every vein and ridge of the cock I was fucking. I wasn't going to be able to wait much longer. My body was thrumming, nerves sparking as my orgasm peaked.
I yanked away from Tristan's mouth trying to catch my breath, continuing the up and down stroke on his cock. The muscles in my legs getting their workout as I worked my tiny body along the Big Man. I was ecstatic as I felt quivers race along my pussy with each stroke against the veins.
With a loud grunt, Tristan pushed one last time, hitting my g spot causing the floodgates to open. I screamed, my body shuddering. Every long stream of his sperm splashing against my matching squirt of cunt juice. The battle, what felt like hours, lasting minutes until our bodies dried out.
I lay in Tristan's arms quaking, mini orgasms trickling down his still throbbing member. I shuddered as I whispered, " Hello, yourself, big man."
Laughing softly, Tristan gently carried me to the bed, dropping me on the covers with a wicked smile. I smiled back, my eyes drooping as I watched him strip. Lifting his t-shirt, his abdomen covered in a light dusting of hair, clenching as he raised his arms. Oh God his arms caused me to shiver as he flexed. Turning his back to me, muscles bulging, he bent over roughly pulling off each heavy boot. Oh did he have a great tight ass.
Catching me staring at his butt, he grinned, teeth flashing as he turned back to face me, cock hard. His eyes roved over my relaxed pose, body braced on my elbows, legs open and his semen leaking out onto the bedspread as it bypassed my panty line. Shoving down his jeans and boxer briefs, revealing strong legs also coated with light brownish hair, Tristan said, "My little slut, it is time to clean up your mess."
I crawled to his bobbing cock still glistening with a mixture of our juices. He took a handful of hair, bringing my lips to his member, grunting as my lips open. My tongue rolled around the head, lingering just underneath the tip playing along the seam. Swirl after swirl, I lowered my head, taking the full 8 inches into my hot mouth. My throat opened naturally, my chin tickling his kiwi sized balls with every swallow.
"That's it, baby," Tristan cooed, thrusting deeper between my lips. He twisted our bodies so that we were facing the window. I was too caught up with bouncing on Tristan's lap to really notice his agenda. He pushed my hair to the side, gaze looking through the glass, his lips twitching with amusement before being wiped away as I licked under his sagging nuts. I knew he was close to exploding.
Yanking me away, he kicked the coffee table in front of the window. Motioning towards the wooden piece, he ordered, "Up, now!"
I scrambled onto the table, body shaking with excitement, waiting for the next order. I didn't have to wait long as he pulled off my top, grunting in approval at my sexy black bra, filled with my swollen tits, nipples slightly viable through the thin material. "Face the glass, legs spread."
I stood, legs apart my chest heaving in excitement and a little fear knowing that the night was still young and anyone could pass by. My fear didn't last long as I felt long masculine fingers sift in my tresses moving my head to the left side, tilting slightly back exposing my graceful neck. His other hand snapped open my bra, letting it hang from my shoulders, the edges playing with my aroused peaks. I hissed a he gently tugged the back chaffing the sensitive buds further. The abuse to my breasts caused more leakage from my previously filled hole.
Trailing his fingers down my quivering body, Tristan hooked his index fingers in the sides of my panties, yanking them down my legs quickly, catching me when I was going to fall. Impressive. My hands flying to the window to brace myself further as he let go. I could still feel his heart, his body temperature radiating through the small space between us.
What felt like hours of emptiness came to a closure as he dragged the front of my skirt up, finger teasing my pouty lower lips and catching droplets of cum. I gasped as the other hand palmed my right globe, squeezing the nipple under the bra cup. Tristan probed the hot opening with an eager finger, sliding inside with ownership. His confident movements finding the perfect rhythm, taunting my hips to sway with the beat, begging silently for release, being denied each time.
"Please, please..." I begged pushing back into his touch.
"Please what, Munchkin?" He responded picking up the pace. I couldn't answer, my full concentration on his magical fingers, his nails tickling over my sensitive spot hidden within. I needed to come. And I did as he jammed two thick fingers deep into my pussy, the middle finger pressing up and out. Pussy juice squirted from between his digits as he flexed his wrist wringing every last drop.
"Good little slut, " Tristan praised still stroking my sensitive mound, thumb flicking my clitoris. "Our audience looks pleased with the show."
Flustered, I looked up out the window. Staring in were two gentlemen, father and son by the looks of them. Both tall, over six feet, dirty blond hair and shining blue eyes. The were stroking the front of their jeans, lust written all over their features. I looked down at the sons crotch where a wet stain was forming slowly, his pre cum soaking through the material. He smiled wickedly as I shivered in arousal.
The sound of a zipper being released caught me attention as my skirt floated to the tabletop leaving the lower half of my body exposed. Three sets of eyes, two blue and one brown, trailed to my shaved mound. The flesh shining from my recent orgasm. My scent wafting to my nostrils as Tristan's digits open the folds, nails raking over my throbbing clit before pinching it roughly, rolling it between his thumb and finger.
Nibbling on my ear, hard cock pressed into my ass crack, Tristan whispered, " I think our friends want more waterworks, my little slut."
That was my only warning as he penetrated my cunt again with two fingers causing me to cry out in pleasure/pain. My cry vibrated through the window exciting our watchers further. I didn't care, all my concentration was on the invaders within, coming for a third time. The sound of my pussy rupturing the only noise in the room.
Tristan withdrew his fingers, slapping my folds, splattering my juices on the window, my thighs and deep in the air. He gripped a fistful of hair forcing me to make eye contact with our peepers. "Do not take your eyes off them." He warned, fucking my hole again.
I lost count of all the orgasms, his fingers making me explode then withdrawing slapping the mess as if bragging the audience before starting the process over again. My muscle were limp as I was dropped to the table on my hands and knees, laying in my own pool of cunt juice my ass to the glass. My head was lifted, my blurry gaze connecting to the large 8 inch cock swiping along my lips.
Lazily, I lapped at the piss hole and along the ridges of the cap. I heard Tristan moan as I dipped lower, taking half of his man meat inside my hot mouth. Twirling my tongue, I hummed, the vibrations sweeping to his swollen balls. I felt powerful as I controlled the pace and depth of the blowjob.
That was until Tristan propped his knee on the table, tilting my head back as he began to fuck my face. I glanced to the side, noticing the duo had pulled out their cocks, jerking hard as they witnessed our play. The father had an average size dick about 6 inches. The son was another story with a 10 inch long, not so thick, cock with a massive blood red tip. Both slits were pulsing with the need to release their semen.
A sharp jab to my inner right cheek pulled me out of my thoughts as Tristan fucked my mouth deeper. At this odd angle, I could see all three sets of eyes watching my swaying tits hanging free from the bra, My nipples scraped the tabletop as I rocked back and forth. My heated mound was teased against the glass with every movement, leaving smudge marks against the coldness.
Tristan leaned over, pushing his dick further into my mouth as he swiped the tips of his fingers from my wet vagina to my wrinkled asshole. I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling as he tickled the same path, up and down. I could feel my stomach clench from my approaching orgasm, my arms trembling trying to keep my body from toppling. I sucked hard, swallowing the log between my lips as I pushed back trying to penetrate any hole.
"Oh no, my little slut, I am in charge." Tristan said, his fingers retreating slowly as a warning. I whimpered, swiping my tongue under the tender ridge of the cap as an apology. "Watch, Munchkin, as we create liquid fireworks."
With that declaration, he began to pummel my cunt with fierce determination, the slapping noise of his nuts against my chin with the beginning thrusts of his swollen member. I moaned around the pulsing muscle as I was pounded from both ends. I was trapped.
I slid my gaze to our viewers as the continued to fist their dicks, determination etched on their faces. The men had moved closer to the window as if beckoned by my withering form. I could see both sets of sacks tightening with the threat of release as their fist pumped up and down the shafts. The purplish veins streaking from the tip to the base, looking like angry snakes protecting their ground. What was humorous about this was both men stroked to the same rhythm, copycatting looks as well as movements.
Tristan jerked away from my pouty mouth, gripping my jaw in a strong hand, faced raised. "Hold still, Slut!" He ordered.
He jerked his anaconda like cock, the mushroom shaped cap aiming straight for my face. I glanced to the side watching the other men follow, their tips pressed to the glass all three males giving their members quick short jerks, daring their sacks to empty. It was time for the fireworks.
I lifted my waiting mouth, licking my lips as if beckoning its feeding time. Tristan grabbed his testicles in a tight grip, willing his body to last a little longer. He twisted his fingers in my sopping hole, his thumb entering my butt, almost as a warning to hold still. I yelped, pushing back ready to explode, mumbling under my breath, pleading with unintelligible words. My body shook as I ejected my cunt juice, teasing the men outside as it splattered against the glass.
The set off the liquid fireworks.
Tristan growled as his head was thrown back, ejaculating over every inch of my face, his second shot just as powerful as the fist, hitting my throat. The third, a little weaker, hit my swinging tits and the fourth coated the table. The older man cried out as his first stream smacked the window with a small echo. Two more streams following mixing with his sons cumshots. Through my blurry vision it looked like there was a cum shower outside.
The visitors quickly put back their penises and with a small wave . Tristan pushed my head gently to the table to clean up the mess we made, purring positive words with each swipe of my greedy tongue. He then turned me to the window, cleaning my pussy cream.
It was then I made eye contact with a light haired female with similar features to the younger man that was just outside. Oh my God! The mother! I grunted, shifting away before Tristan stopped my retreat. He saw what had startled me, and with a wicked wink, ordered me to finish as she scurried away in horror.
When I finish, he picked me up and lovingly placed me on the large king sized bed. He stripped my bra off, playfully touching here and there. He left on the thigh highs and heels. I sighed softly, enjoying his seductive pampering. Closing my eyes, I smiled tiredly ready for the next round...