Chapter 1
They like to call it "Chauffeur Night". Thursday is their favorite day for playing out this fantasy, and it usually means they both have taken Friday off, so needless to say, they are already in a pretty good mood when they start to prepare.
Nikki likes what she sees in the mirror as she applies her lipstick. Her black leather skirt isn't soo short that it screams "take me", but it provides opportunities if she chooses to indulge them. Her G-string panties are sheer baby blue. Her top matches that shade. It's cut square neck across the front, and that draws attention to her luscious cleavage. The steel barbells through her nipples poke through just enough to be suspected, but not at all obvious. Her pierced nose, eyebrow, and ears imply a daring that conservative women would never consider. These subtleties allow Nikki be remain free of judgment in her suburban world, yet communicate a playfulness below the surface that's there for those that know how to bring it out.
Dave loves to play along. He cleans up nicely in dark suit and tie. He completes the look with the Chauffeur hat and gloves. Dave dotes over his Nikki. He walks up behind her as she applies the final touches. He kisses the back of her neck. She smells great. He replaces her flute with another glass of chilled champagne. The bubbles make her glow.
He opens the backdoor of their nice luxury four-door sedan, and she slides inside. Dave has not-so-innocently volunteered as a sober cab for some of the local bars, and this is where Dave and Nikki start their fun. They pick men up between 7:30 and 8:00 to give them a lift home after having a few. In this timeslot they usually get the ones that have had one too many, and are responsible enough to know it's much smarter to accept the ride. Nikki plays the part of just another patron of the sober cab.
The app on Dave's phone buzzes right after he logs in, so they are immediately en route. As they drive, Dave checks out Nikki in the back seat. "You look hot as fuck baby" he says as their eyes connect in the rearview mirror."
"Thanks, baby. You know I do this for you" She coos. "You, and all the other hot guys I wanna get hard" she adds with a wink.
Whatcha gonna do when we pick this tipsy businessman up?" Dave asks.
"You know I can't share that in advance, you'll just have to wait and see."
Dave pulls up to the curb and lowers his window. "Got a passenger in back, you'll have to sit up here in front with me." The guy takes climbs into the front passenger seat and immediately offers his gratitude for the ride. His hotel in only a few miles down the road, but with all the stoplights, it's too far to drive and too far to walk. He smells of scotch, but otherwise seems like a pretty together 40-something guy in a pretty nice suit. "I have another passenger here, but your stop is much closer than hers. Nikki, mind if I drop him off first?"
"No, that's fine." Nikki replies with a bit of a pretend slur in her voice.
It's at that moment the man in front makes eye contact with Nikki through the strategically lowered visor mirror in front of the passenger seat. Their eyes lock, and Nikki immediately finds him attractive. She giggles and ramps up her tipsy act. "So where you from?" she asks as a starter.
"Kansas City" he replies. "Have accounts I call on here in the Twin Cities. Travel here monthly."
Nikki catalogues this information, then suggests, "Rather than hitting Happy Hour all alone like me, we should go together next time you come to town."
"Absolutely" he replies without hesitation. "I get tired of entertaining clients, and would love to make a friend here."
"Well, you can let me do the entertaining when you come to town then..." Nikki says with a wink into the mirror. This come-on is not lost on our buzzed businessman and he stretches to keep the conversation going. Dave fusses with the stereo as if completely disinterested.
It starts with a simple tease. Nikki looks left out the window and makes a comment about a club she suggests they might want to check out sometime. As she turns to point, her knees part oh-so-enough to expose a glimpse of baby blue. Buzzed businessman does not miss this. Nikki continues to encourage by saying how she has had many a wild night at a few places along the way. She talks about the places with the best Cosmo's. Truth is, she's a pretty light drinker, but she's trying to paint a picture for this guy.
"You must get a lot of attention when you go to those places" BB replies in his attempt to escalate.
"Let's just say I don't need to bring a lot of cash with me when I go out" Nikki admits with a smile. At this moment, she pretends to notice something wrong with her shoe and leans forward. This gives the passenger ample opportunity to look deep down her open top. This excites Nikki too. Her nipples grow hard and her pussy gets wet. He sees the piercings and flush in her chest.
He goes for it. "So what are you doing for dinner tonight? There's a nice restaurant at my hotel?"
"Not tonight, I already have plans, but here's my card. Make sure you give me a call next time you come to town". To soften the blow, Nikki gives him a sexy smile. "I really hope you dial that number next time you come to town" she says into the mirror. Buzzed Business guy strains his neck as Nikki directs his eyes lower to see her now parted legs revealing the mesh baby blue panties with the glistening shaved pussy beneath them.
Buzzed Businessman can't believe what he just saw. His eyes travel back up and see Nikki sporting a wicked smile. "You like?" she mouths without speaking. She moves her panties aside and shows him her dripping pussy. He gulps, then licks his lips. Nikki's fingers go to her clit, and she rubs is in a circular motion while maintaining eye contact in the mirror. Dave acts as if he still has no idea something is happening, but through the lenses of his sunglasses, he's taking it all in. His cock is rock hard. Nikki takes two fingers and pushes them up inside her sloshing pussy. She pulls them out and licks them off. BB is a mess at this point. His face is beet red, his heart pounding through his chest. He reaches back between the seats and touches Nikki's knee. She shoves it away. She sticks her fingers back inside her pussy, pulls them out, then reaches forward around the window side of the passenger's seat. She hooks those fingers around to his face, and he opens to accept her sticky, juice covered fingers.
"Here's your stop" Dave says casually as they pull up to the entrance of Buzzed Businessman's hotel.
"Don't lose my card" Nikki teases as BB exits the vehicle. Nikki straightens up her clothes. Before leaving the lot, Dave pulls over.
"Time to join me up front, you nasty tease." Nikki pops open the back door, and hops up front. By now, Dave has his fly down, and his cock out. Nikki needs no invitation, and immediately goes down on his cock as he pulls into traffic.
Chapter 2
"Oh yeah, suck that cock baby...", Dave says as he reaches underneath to grab a breast. "...by the look on his face, he won't need to jack off when he gets to the room, I'm pretty sure his load was blown before he left the car!" Nikki just groans "mmmnhmmm" while continuing to bob up and down on her man's cock.
"Get me to the club, baby..." Nikki orders while looking up to check her surroundings. Her hand continues to stroke Dave's big throbbing cock.
"Think you are ready?" Dave jokingly asks as his fingers find her sopping pussy.
"Fuck yeah baby, I'm gonna have a cock inside me about 20 minutes after we get there.
Dave pulls up to the entrance to the club and can hear the pounding bass pumping through its walls. Nikki straightens up, reapplies her lipstick, then says with a wink "See you inside".
Dave parks the car, removes his Chauffeur hat and gloves, then takes his time walking across the big lot surrounding the club. He knows it won't take long, but wants to see things already in progress when he gets inside. It's only been 5 minutes since he killed the ignition after parking, but to no surprise, he quickly locates Nikki down towards the end of the bar. Two drinks in front of her, and a man on each side. They are already engaged in what appears to be sexually charged conversation. Dave takes a seat at the bar and orders a club soda with lime. A new song starts and the bodies start to respond. One of the men having the animated conversation with Nikki simply takes her hand and pulls her off her stool towards the dance floor. It's a fast song, but they don't dance fast. They move to the music, but there is a lot of physical contact. Nikki's chest is pressed and rubbing against his. She turns and feels his erection against her ass. She reaches back and feels his muscly thigh while his hand slips up for a quick squeeze of her breast. She offers no resistance.
Dave observes as Nikki returns to the bar to cool off. Her dance partner cozies up behind her as she takes a pull from her cold drink. The other guy has patiently waited for her to return, and Nikki appears to be thanking him for that. While the guy behind her takes liberties feeling her ass and sliding his hands up over her breasts, she casually flirts with the man standing before her at the bar.
"I suppose I owe you a dance since you were nice enough to buy me a drink", Nikki offers to the second man while putting her hand on his forearm.
"Seems like you are pretty well occupied" he replies as he watches the other man kiss her neck and work his hand up the inside her thigh.
"No, I've got room here for more than one." She says while taking his hand and pulling him towards the dance floor. This disengages her from the handsy other guy, but he knows how this works and takes no offense. Appears Nikki has found guys with experience.
"Look, I'm not here to dance" Nikki says into the ear of her new dance partner as he starts to move to the beat. She grabs his hand and pulls it around her, just above her ass. Two beats later, his hand is on her ass, and she is pressed against his growing bulge. "That's better" she says as their faces move close together. Both of his hands are squeezing Nikki's ass when they first kiss. Nikki feels a trickle of juice leaking out and down the inside of her thigh. "His cock feels soo fucking big" she thinks while grinding against him. "I want that cock inside me now."
From down the bar, Dave quietly watches. He knows Nikki's body, and he can tell when she's ready to fuck. It's in her eyes, and it's in her body language. When she's ready; that means now. He watches as she grabs his wrist and pulls him from the dance floor. This time, however, they don't head back to the bar. They are weaving their way through the crowded dance floor toward the rest rooms. Dave loses track of them in the crowd. He smiles inwardly and finishes his club soda. The bartender asks if he's ready for another, and Dave gives him a nod. After the drink arrives, Dave figures this is a good time to track down Nikki. Down at the end of the dark hallway leading to the rest rooms, there she is. She's pressed against the wall. Dance partner 2 has his hand up the front of her skirt. He's clearly got at least two fingers up inside of her. Dave sees her hand covering the outline of his cock through his pants, she periodically squeezes it hard. His mouth is on hers. She is kissing back enthusiastically. Her eyes are shut.
Nikki is lost in her ecstasy, but still has the presence of mind to imagine her boyfriend is nearby, and just possibly watching. The very thought sends her over the edge and she feels her body start to cum. When the convulsions subside, she puts her lips to his ear and says, "Let's go back to the bar, grab your friend and get the hell outta here."
"Where do you want to go?" your guy asks.
"We'll go to my place."
"Want us to follow in our car?"
"No, you'll ride with me, I have a driver."
Nikki makes eye contact with her driver from across the bar and gives him a nod. Dave throws a tip on the bar and heads for the exit. Once back to the car, he puts on the Chauffeur hat and gloves. He starts the engine and cruises around to the entrance. Nikki exits with a tall handsome stud on each arm.
"Boys, this is my driver, Dave. He likes to keep me safe when I'm having my lady night out."
"Hi guys. Home Nikki?"
"Yes, but in no hurry here, baby. Take your time."
"You got it." And with that, Dave pulls the sedan out of the lot. Nikki is seated between the two men that have wasted no time in getting their hands all over her tits and legs. Nikki throws a leg up and over the top of each of theirs, spreading herself wide where they can get better access to her pussy. She turns her head one way for a kiss, then the other for the same. She feels a hand on each inner thigh, and feels them moving their way up to her baby blue sheer panties. She feels fingers over the top, and fingers snaking their way underneath from the side. Her pussy is soo wet, and soo wanting cock. Her hands reach for their crotches. She squeezes down on their throbbing members through their pants. She throws her head back, delirious, and sees Dave's eyes lock on hers through the rearview mirror.
Nikki feels a strong hand grasp the back of her neck, and although she doesn't need convincing, she feels her head being forcefully pulled over and down. She expertly unbuckles the belt, unclasps the pants and unzips the fly. He accommodates by sitting up and pulling down his pants. His cock springs up due North. Nikki's tongue immediately runs a few laps around his plump head. Her hand barely fits around it. She feels it throb in her hand. Meanwhile, the guy on the other side is positioning his cock at her dripping pussy. He pushes it in as her tongue runs up and down the other shaft.
"Oh fuck!" Nikki shutters as his cock hits a depth she is not used to. But she takes a breath and adjusts. Pleasure surges through her body, and she embraces it. Her body begins to rhythmically between the cocks she has on both ends. "Mmmmmhmmn" escapes her lips as she parts them to take a cock into her mouth. "oh fuck yeah, fuck that pussy!" Nikki orders. Her mouth full of cock, she opens one eye to connect with the eyes in the rearview mirror. Her cock-filled mouth forms a smile. She sees Dave's eyes smiling in the mirror. Nikki lifts her head up and takes a moment to appreciate the massive cock she's been sucking. She looks up at the owner and says, "I need THIS cock in me NOW!" She climbs up over him, reaches down between her legs, positions the cock at her opening and slowly lowers herself down. The other guy was big, but this cock stretches her even further. Nikki feels it fill her and starts to ride. The other guy rises up and Nikki gets to taste herself off his cock. She grinds down while sucking and stroking.
"Fuck yeah, ride me baby!" he growls while gripping her hips with both hands. The other has turned his attention to her pierced nipples and is hungrily licking, sucking, and biting down on hard steel. Nikki's pussy gushes, clamps down, and a rumbling orgasm starts to roll through her body.
As if scripted for perfect timing, Dave pulls the car into the drive. "We're home," he cheerfully announces as if nothing whatsoever was happening in the back seat. Nikki un-impales herself and reaches for the car door. The men pull up their pants, and follow her out of the car. Dave gets to the front door first and turns the key.
Chapter 3
Both men maul Nikki as she walks in the door. She leads them to the living room sofa. Dave removes his hat and gloves and takes a seat across the room. Clothes fly off and Nikki pushes a guy down onto the sofa. She bends over and takes his cock into her mouth. The other guy takes full advantage of her begging pussy and enters her from behind. Nikki looks over at Dave and sees he has one hand on his cock, and the other on his phone recording the action. This excites Nikki to no end, and she begins thrusting back harder on the cock that is pounding her from behind. The guy fucking her shows his appreciation by giving her a sharp smack on the ass.
"That's right, fuck back on that cock!" he says while removing his hands from your hips. He wants to watch you move. Nikki turns her head back to looks up at him.
"Come on, fuck me harder!"
Accepting the challenge, Nikki feels herself getting rammed so hard she has to stop sucking to get air. Nikki's lust level goes up another rung on the ladder, and she needs more. She pushes the guy on the couch onto his back on the floor. She climbs on and impales herself. Without hesitation, she turns back and orders the other man to join in.
"I want you in my pussy too! Yeah, you can do it. Stretch me. I want it. I need it. Fill me!"
From Dave's vantage point, he observes a moment where this appears to be new territory for the two men, but the second guy moves in, and Nikki arches her back in a way that gives him the angle he needs. This is clearly NOT new territory for Nikki. He pushes the head of his cock in alongside the other cock. Nikki's lips release a low-pitched moan.
Dave gets up from his chair to line up behind them. This is footage he does not want to miss. He captures the action as the three of them find their coordination. As Dave directs his iPhone around to the front, he sees the red flush of her chest. He sees her hands pressing hard into the carpet as she braces against to double assault on her pussy. She looks up at Dave through twisted eyes and says, "Come here!" Dave steps forward. Nikki opens her mouth and takes his cock into it. She feels it slide across her tongue. This final act brings Nikki to the level of ecstasy she's been reaching for all night. Her nipples contract and turn rock hard. Her pussy clamps down soo hard that both men are powerless against it. They simultaneously pump their loads inside her. Nikki shuts her eyes and convulses for a solid minute. The guys extract and give her room. Dave records the cum pouring from her pussy, down her inner thighs and onto the carpet.
"Mmmhmmn...thank you Gents, that was what I needed" Nikki says through closed eyes. "Dave, why don't you chauffeur the guys back to the bar. I'm going to clean up."
"As you wish, but the hat and gloves stay here. I'm off duty, and just giving a lift to a couple of new friends" Dave replies. "Let me get you guys a bottle of water, and we'll leave."
Dave and the guys make casual conversation on the way back to the bar discussing future plans for a gangbang and other shenanigans. He drops them at the front door then turns the wheel back towards home.
Nikki showers and prepares for bed. Her body is feeling a combination of contentment and rising new desire. Standing before the mirror in her plush white terrycloth robe, she smiles at the pretty face before her. She hears the sound of their car entering the drive. She drops the robe and skips down the stairs. Dave opens the door and Nikki is there -- naked, except for a pair of gloves and Chauffeur hat.
"Let me take you for a ride." She says through a wicked grin. She grabs him by the tie and pulls him in.
The End