An Alternative Universe
This story is strange and perverse there is no getting away from it. I do not apologize for it as its being driven by the protagonists' internal desires and whims.
As with several Bazzle stories there are various themes- smoking, drinking, and wetting. Some of the smoking and lifestyle choice are "darkside". Many of the actions that people will dislike. I am sorry.
It is also long. So, for that I do apologize.
But I hope there is enough exciting stuff in it for some to enjoy.
Feed back is appreciated but not expected.
B
Chapter 1
A few years ago, whilst in my last year at college, I met and dated this rather stunning girl called Tina. We used to hang out and party quite a bit at the weekends, even going to the cinema a couple of times mid-week. On our rather frequent weekend social occasions she would when she had drunk enough, she would smoke the odd cigarette or two for me.
She would class herself as a social smoker. As smoking was my kink, I liked pretty girls who smoked, and somehow, she knew it. She said she could tell by both my eyes and my cock. When she was nicely lubricated on a Friday or Saturday night, just for her own teasing pleasure, she played and tormented me with smoke from her mouth.
She shared a flat in town with her cousin Amy who again was equally easy on the eye. You could tell both girls had similar ancestry. Tina was brunet and Amy a natural blonde. They were chalk and cheese, yet somehow similar in temperament, they survived by living together as housemates. After a while of getting to know them a little and as I said I was dating Tina for a few months or so and for those couple of months life was fun, and we had a very intimate time. But with all relationships it's a balance of taking the smooth with the rough, and with those two it was certainly a rocky relationship.
Likewise, as Amy and Tina were living together, shared a grandfather and were relatives of similar age, they behaved as if there were sisters as they were always bickering and fighting each other. They had that delightful love hate relationship. So, at the weekends when I was around their flat the air was always filled with tension.
For reasons unknown my relationship at that time with Tina didn't last long it sort of fizzled out. I think my social group drifted to different bars, looming exams it all meant we never met up in the evenings. It could also have been on one of the holidays from college we never properly met up again afterwards. After all this time I cannot really put a finger on it. But all said and done, we drifted apart and effectively split up. We could say we remained "friends" as we never fell out, but then we could not fall out, as we never saw each other again.
Even though I was romantically involved with Tina, I had however always appreciated the attractiveness of both cousins, as a red-blooded male, it was difficult not to. As such I had always enjoyed watching both girls when rather relaxed on a Saturday night looked absolutely stunning with a cigarette between their rather beautiful hands and lips. I also got to see both girls in various stages of undress on the Sunday morning. Neither of the girls were prudish with their bodies. Amy would walk around their flat in just her tiny knickers. She really did not care. They were extremely comfortable with me being around them. Meant I got to see more than I should. That was always good fun. It was almost two for the price of one. If I had been paying.
They came from a small town and had very conservative families. The fact that they drank and when they were out drinking, they also smoked, it was either kept quiet about but was certainly frowned upon. Deep down they believed themselves to be rebels. But overtly, they were good girls. They were not the sort of girls when out getting drunk to where extremely short miniskirts and braless boob tubes. They dressed appropriately, but always had the hint of the tease.
The thing is, as time moved on, I never really managed to find a girlfriend afterwards. My parents, especially my mom kept asking me to date my work mates. Who I admit are rather sexy, especially Molly, she is stunning. But for reasons I have yet to put a finger on, I never really found the opportunity?

***

That is the background. Now we roll forward five years, I've graduated with a good degree and got a great high paying job. I was really lucky. I was slowly working my way up the management chain, by working hard and earning good money in a very good job. Life was fun. Money to spend on things I like. I could go away at the weekends or buy whatever I liked. Managed to save a deposit on a nice flat, with a bit help from my mom. Single life suited me.
That all changed the other evening, as I was driving home from work. It was late enough to be dusky but too early to be the dark of night. It was late spring, and I had been working far too late and was as much stressed as I was tired. I was changing the radio station over to a bit of rock to try and wake myself up as the banal chat was annoying me. Out of the corner of my eye I clocked something moving from the pavement into the middle of the road. My reflexes kicked in I put the brakes on fast and skidded to a stop. With my heart beating hard, I believed that I had just run over a dog that darted in front of my car.
As I am a caring sort of chap who rather like dogs, I stopped to check if it was ok. There was a little dog standing in the middle of the road, its long black leash trailing behind it. The cute animal's tail was wagging excitedly. I was just grateful it wasn't a busy road. I got out of the car rushed over and grabbed its leash and stroked it a couple of times, I have no idea what type of dog it was, with its large member I could tell it was male, and that it was all white except for its black nose and golden tip to its tail. I was about to call the phone number on the name tag when on the pavement beside me an old grey-haired lady with a red scarf over her head wearing a dark grey over coat slowly shuffled out of the shadows and almost painfully slowly came around the corner purposefully putting her walking stick with a thud on the ground each time in front of her.
"Oh, thank you my dear" she wheezed "for so much for stopping and saving him." She slowly took a deep breath "He just got away from me when we were coming back from our afternoon walk." She wheezed "What's your name?" She gently whispered, as her lips moved it revealed that she only had three brown, very wonky front teeth
"My name is Pete, and yours?" I was polite enough to introduce myself as my heart continued thumping.
"My name is Gloria." She rasped again "I'm just very grateful for saving my dog, I'm not a quick as I once was can never keep up with him." Her lungs rattled "Please; let me make it so, for you." She said, as her warm wrinkled delicate fingers decorated with gold bands around her narrow digits grabbed my arm. As she did, the world stopped the air disappeared. The road noise, even the yapping dog went quiet, the birds stopped tweeting. I could almost not breath.
There in front of me was an end of terrace house. Projected on the gable end for everyone around us to see where flashes of all my sexual fantasies. They were the images from deep within my brain. I was shocked. There was a far larger Tina, there was no getting away that she was rather fat. In a very small ill-fitting dress was squatting in the middle of the road jetting pee out from within hem of the dress, creating a puddle of urine across the street. Tina surprisingly had a burning cigarette between her fingers waving it around before bouncing swinging her breasts from side to side. As she finished, she jolted so vigorously and with such instability to dry off her wet crotch that in a fit of drunken giggles her huge breasts, clearly not contained within a bra, then popped out of her top. She did not care that they were jiggling around as she staggered on down the street.
She was about to grab my hand and the scene jumped. She was now on top of the bed, she was sitting with her chubby legs wide apart and with her cheeky grin she was teasing me- whilst smoking a cigarette. Her large cloud of exhales almost continuously bathing me in her thick smoke. It was a delightful vision. I was watching on from the other end of the bed as her chubby fingers of her other hand with bright red fingernails were busy disappearing in the darkness as she was clearly playing with herself. You could see her sweat and vagina juices glistening on her fingers, thighs, and crotch. She was seriously wet and inviting. As such I could see I was extremely erect. Before I could move forward to take advantage of the situation, the image on the wall then changed to her giving me a rather delightful looking smoking blow job.
Her deliciously large sagging breasts hanging down, swinging side to side like mesmerizing huge pendulums occasionally slapping against her chubby arms and against her equally large hanging belly. She crouched like a tiger ready to pounce at the end of the bed as her smoke-filled mouth consumed my whole shaft before releasing and continuing to exhale. My eyes watched as her hand slid up and down my glistening shaft. She regularly and teasingly paused consuming my member, to take ever deeper drags on her cigarette. I was mesmerized watching as she continuously and slowly exhaled the smoke all over me.
Before she again focused on devouring her cigarette, suddenly a surprise appeared. Amy, her cousin, who was now equally large and equally naked shuffled into view on the bed. She took a drag on her cigarette and subsequently joined in, as she passionately kissed her cousin on the lips, dragged on her cigarette and then put her smokey mouth over my shaft and exhaled before clasping her lips over me. I was shocked watching this amazing porno on the large wall. It was both embarrassing as it involved me and was equally enjoyable. I just wish all the scenes had actually happened.
But I know they never actually happened. I was standing there watching my dream threesome. I knew some of these images where a mixture of part memories from a few years ago, and some were definitely more recent dreams and desires. I forgot I was in public. I don't know how long that lasted, me staring at that brick wall. The whole process was scary yet pleasurable. Gloria and I could have been standing there for seconds or hours t when the wall finally went blank. I was standing there with very much a hard on pushing at my trousers looking at an extremely ugly and very old lady. All I could do was move my lips.
"No, wow, thank you, really, don't worry about it...I like dogs" I stuttered words tripping off my tongue, I was genuinely confused as to what was going on.
She threw her head back, her wrinkled skin deepened as she cackled "Its fine- too late," she wheezed, "It's already done... and thank you!" She smiled what were left of her brown teeth, then rasped again as in my state of confusion I automatically handed her the leash and with my feet frozen to the floor she nodded and then the dog pulled again and slowly shuffled off with the dog pulling her along, it was trying to go at a rate of knots faster than she could shuffle.
I was standing there my brain jumbled and a little scared, not knowing where to move. I kept checking the wall. It was still blank. Over the next few minutes. Standing there on my own, breathing deeply, my heart rate slowly calmed down enough that I slowly got back in my car and rearranging my crotch in the seat.
I then sat there for what could have been ten minutes. My heart was thumping hard. I was trying to process everything. It took a while for my heartbeat and breathing rate to back to normal. I then ensured that I had both eyes on the road and both hands almost glued to the steering wheel as I slowly set off towards my home in a daze. I was driving overly carefully. I really did not want to nearly run over another dog.
My bewilderment of the crazy situation was not further helped as I was driving along, my cell phone started buzzing. I briefly looked across at the phone on its holder on the dash, and to great surprise the screen said Tina. I dithered about picking up my finger hovering over the green button. It was too much of a coincidence? I took a deep breath, then as I was being ultra-cautious, I pulled over and finally took the call.
It was as if we had never been apart. She was talking as if we had spoken this morning as such, I was surprised that she was reminding me that I had agreed to her to dinner in an hours' time. This was the first of many great shocks. But as I knew I had nothing else to do, I joke with her that organising my odd socks in the drawer could wait for another day. She cackled a deep laugh, and I readily agreed.
"Don't forget on your way over can you pick me up a pack of cigs, I'm almost out." She asked to with her almost purring voice.
Again, I was confused, 'I must have heard her wrong' I thought, it was Thursday and not yet the weekend, but readily agreed. Still, I dutifully decided to stop at the corner shop and buy her a pack of Newports, the brand I knew that she only very occasionally smoked when she was out drinking.
Chapter 2
I was all of a dither, rushing my shower then trying to shave my face, and just about managed to not cut myself trying to make myself presentable. This was my first date in like years. I know everyone says never go back. But surely, she was worth it?
I thought about getting a cab, but time was getting on, almost far too quickly. So, I got back in the car and on autopilot found her place. It had been ages since I had been there. The full five years. Again, I was confused. They really should have graduated and moved on. But no, they were still at the student house. Everything was wrong. Why are they still here?
I parked up a few yards down from the front door and looked back at the building. I had gone in so many times. I was older that was for sure, but the building looked identical. It had not changed in the five years. I sat there and debated with myself about going to the door and inviting myself in. But nerves got the better of me. I called her on the phone telling her that I was ready outside to drive her to the restaurant. I am sure I heard the click of what sounded like a lighter, and I heard Amy's voice in the background.
As with everything that day, to my disbelief again they both Amy and Tina came out the front door. I had a double take; they were very different since I last saw them. First, I saw the brunette hair of Tina emerge exhaling a huge cloud of smoke, which was surprising followed by the blonde Amy, who once she had pulled the door too, took a massive drag on a cigarette before also blowing a cloud of smoke.
Imagine my astonishment when what I have always thought of as two rather gorgeous slim women. But before me where now the polar opposite. They were two rather large, chunky girls, but still with recognizable features of their slim past. Their noses, and chins. Tina opened the passenger side of the car, and shuffled in, and unprompted leaned forward, I could not help but glance towards her low-cut top, you could not see far as it just a skin shelf of her huge breasts. Then, to my honest surprise, she gave me a rather delightful, big smoke-filled kiss on the lips. Then the good girl inside her, wound down her window while taking another drag off her cigarette. I clocked that Tina was wearing an equally incredibly very short skirt. Amy then coughed and groaned as she jumped in the back of the car. I could be rude and say the car rocked as she got in.
"Amy wants to know if we can drop her off at the corner shop down the road. She needs snacks and drinks for tonight. She has an exam tomorrow and will be pulling an all-nighter!" Tina announced. Amy wasn't even speaking, just sitting there taking short repetitive frantic inhales and subsequent exhales on her cigarette quickly filling the back of the car with smoke.
"Ok, sure" I said, somewhat weirded out. I didn't know if I should be aroused or concerned.
"My finally mom just sent me some money for the smokes. Thank God for that. I already spent my cigarette budget for the week and its only Thursday." Amy eventually said nervously, smoke punctuating her every word. "But I need food too!" she exclaimed.
It could be argued neither of them really needed food.
Of the two of them, whilst still gorgeous Amy had always been on the chubbier side, but I could see in the rear-view mirror that like Tina she had filled out even more, she was certainly still chunkier of the two, and probably significantly heavier too. Her face was fuller her cheeks were rounded, and she had a definitive double chin. She looked even further out of shape than when I knew them. Her muffin top was now a large belly seriously hanging over the top of her short skirt. The belly seriously fighting her stretched cotton top so much so you could see her belly button.
Within the two minutes it took me to drive the short and what would have been easier walking distance to the corner shop they had dropped their finished cigarette butts out their open windows. With the car parked up Amy hacked a cough as she opened the door and slowly got out of the car I paused and watched in the wing mirror as she checked her handbag, then wiggled her hips as she tugged on her belt loops her denim skirt over her large bare buttocks only split by an impossibly small white thong which was digging into her fatty skin around her hips, the raising of skirt then and hit against her over hanging fat of her stomach, which wobbled sliding her stretched top up. She pulled it back down before she headed into the store. We waved goodbye, then I checked the road was clear and got the car in gear as Tina already had a fresh cigarette between her lips and was in the process of lighting it.
My world was spinning on its axis sitting beside who to me was a very much chubbier Tina in a short summer skirt that showed off far too much of her fat thighs and delightful low-cut top in which her breasts where squished into. She turned to me and as the smoke drifted out her nose she frowned.
"We need to go via your mom's!" She declared.
"Why?" I asked surprised and very much not sure what was going on.
"I spoke to your mom and said she found an extra pack of your Marlboros at the house, asked if we wanted to stop by and pick them up before we went to dinner." She said, blowing smoke recklessly all over the car. She clearly didn't concern herself with who her smoke bothered.
"Oh right, yes of course..." I was seriously muddled. Why is she talking to my mom?
"Are you ok?" she asked clearly noticing as was not.
"What? Yeah, why?" I replied unconvincingly. Still trying to work out why she was talking to my mother. She really had no reason to. Things were perplexing. Had she ever spoken to my mom before?
My focus instantly clicked back "Pete, what's wrong, Pete stop being strange?" She grizzled before taking yet another inhuman drag on her cigarette.
"Nothing." I replied
"You haven't even touched your beloved smokes. It's like just so weird, please cop on!" She stated, casually motioning with her cigarette, her burning hot cherry pointing down towards my lap the smoke from which crossed my face whilst scattering some ash across my car in the process.
"What?" I questioned watching as swung her hand back to her mouth and took yet another impressive lungful of smoke. I then glanced down to my lap, just where Tina had pointed and there wedged between my legs conveniently placed was a half open pack of cigarettes with ten filters all neatly lined up, a blue Bic lighter wedged beside them. Ones that I was convinced and knew had not been there just 2 minutes ago.
"I really don't want to smell like cigarettes if were gonna swing by my mom's house" I tried to make up as I went along, as watched out the corner of my eyes Tina her cheeks almost continuously collapsing then barreling out a continuous stream of smoke out of her mouth vaguely in the direction of the open window.
She dragged hard yet again and her chest and almost whole body rose up as the smoke filled her lungs. "What the fuck, since when has that ever bothered you?" She asked with her smoke again pouring out of her mouth and nostrils. "You should light up, and relax you look really tense!"
She was right, yes, I was tense. I was very much weirded out by the whole thing.
"Please for Pete's sake, just smoke, you're making me uncomfortable; I don't like being the only one smoking. I feel like I'm hanging out with goody too shoes Vicky." She said, sounding increasingly irritated, taking even bigger drags than I thought was possible.
Admittedly, I was also starting to feel irritated. All of a sudden, I got a wave through my body of what I think was an urgent craving a cigarette, in a way I never had before. I was getting totally wired out. As the open pack was between my legs I decided to cave in and have that cigarette. But first, I hurriedly swerved the car into the layby, ignoring the horn from the car behind and following my urges leaned in my hand landed on her skin of her thigh and I kissed Tina back. I had to. My hand migrated up and down her bare thigh as our lips engaged. The intensely was amazing, and just tasting the sweet ashtray of her tongue between her freshly applied lipstick and getting the full force of her sour tobacco fueled breath as we passionately kissed each other. It was special and it was if we had never been apart. Had we been
Then when the kiss broke, I took a deep breath to get my head straight in this twisted world and my hand moved so that the filter was soon between my lips, and I instinctively proceeded to light up just as she wanted me to. To my great surprise I felt an immense pleasure in filling my lungs with smoke. A great relief swept across my body. Something was up. I was now clearly addicted to smoking, even though I had only ever smoked socially, and not for a long time. Well since Tina and I broke up. I had not smoked since. Everything about the world I inhabited was very different now.
"So where do you wanna go eat?" I asked between hungry drags on my own cigarette. I needed it that was for sure. Why did I need to smoke?
"Anywhere, our usual?" Tina stated before using her current cigarette to chain lighting her next one, flicking the spent butt out the window as she exhaled.
I thought for a moment panicking as to what our usual was, and then suggested "Macaroni Grill?" I thought that was the last place we might have eaten. It had been a while.
She cackled a deep laugh "Cop on Peter darling, no, you can't smoke there." She tutted, annoyed at the suggestion, knocking her long ash on the open window.
"Oh, yeah, true." I mused trying cover for my lack of knowledge. It was in the town centre with now outside smoking areas. I was looking at my hand on the steering wheel with the cigarette burning between my fingers, the smoke drifting past my nose and out my open window, that should have reminded me.
"Pete, you know we need to be able to smoke. It's like you have all of a sudden forgot about our amazing addiction. My mom would be so disappointed in you." Tina informed me.
'What her mom is smoking too? What the hell is going on?' I quickly tried to think things though. "Ok right, yes, err, how about that burger place with the outside picnic tables?" I asked.
She smiled and nodded in agreement, "That's a perfect idea for sure." As she quickly pulled hard again on her cigarette.
I made sure to finish up my cigarette before we pulled into the parking spaces in in front of my mom's building. I was again surprised, I soon noticed that she was already waiting sitting on the front doorstep holding 'my' pack of Marlboros, and, in her other hand, she had a lit cigarette. 'What my mom is smoking too?' I thought as muddle about what was going on was growing bigger than my current erection. I really could not cope with it.
Tina flicked her current cigarette out the window and as it rolled across the pavement, she instantly started the procedure to light a fresh cigarette before saying hello to my mom but didn't have enough time before getting out. So, with a bit of a huff reluctantly she left the cigarette dangling as she kissed her on the cheek. As we were standing there, my mom kindly proceeded to light her cigarette for her. Blowing a huge cloud of smoke, Tina thanked my mom, who just nodded as she too took a huge drag from her own cig. I was amazed, and a little freaked out. The two women in my life smoking. This was surreal.
"So, where are you headed?" She asked.
"I think the Tricky's burger joint downtown." said Tina again billowing out smoke. "We can drink beer and smoke all we want!"
My mom took a deep drag, blew all the smoke out and then nodded in agreement "That's sounds like a good idea, the portions for food are enormous and have a nice patio for us smokers"
"Yes, err, that was our thought as well" I smiled going along with it. I took the single pack of cigarettes off her and got back into the car.
"We'll have fun you two!", she said happily waving as we pulled away. I saw my mom take one last drag before turning the corner away from the building. I instinctively slid another cigarette from my pack and soon lit up.
"What's up with you?" Tina asked. "Why are you scared of smoking in front of your mom?"
"I don't know. I did not realise I was?" I sighed. "I feel a little off. Maybe I am just hungry. Let's just get dinner." I stated and Tina nodded in silence as she just continued silently dragging hard on her cigarette.
It wasn't far drive and I surprised myself by actually finishing my cigarette as we were pulling into the parking lot of the restaurant. I flicked it out the window just as Tina had done, as she had already finished hers a few moments earlier. Presumably because her drags were phenomenal deep compared to mine, she literally powered her way through cigarette after cigarette. We walked inside hand in hand. It was sweet, and romantic, her fingers were definitely chubbier than when we did this last. However, we put on a show, we were obviously a couple. We were told we had to wait 20 minutes for an outside table.
"Are you serious? I'm starving." Tina moaned to me her hands patting her huge belly it jiggled and wobbled in her hands.
"It's not a big deal. It'll take longer for us to go somewhere else anyways. Let's get a drink from the bar and have a smoke outside?" I suggested.
"Great idea, yes after my day at college, I need drink and a cigarette now." She demanded, "I will have a largest beer they have!" She then made a beeline to a small bench outside the front door.
I was turned on by this whole situation, I queued up, and got the drinks and then joined her outside.
I have amazing memories of watching her smoke the evening in the bar when she would get a cigarette between her lips. She would look hot as hell to me. She smoked with that teasing style. But this new reckless devotion to nicotine Is amazing. She now smokes like she just needs to smoke. She used to smoke to turn me on, now there was no style, just pure need. There was no concern with how she looked, what people thought. She was just purely addicted and enjoying every second of getting the rich thick smoke in to her lungs. She took huge, deep desperate drags and blew smoke everywhere. To be fair to her, she still knew how to smoke politely. When a couple of people walked by, she would out of courtesy blow the reeking smoke out of the corner of her mouth, or let it out slowly, so as not to be rude. But it was not her new normal way.
Its more than clear that the last 'five years' had not been good for Tina. There was no denying she was now fat. Her posture was a way worse than it used to be, and her skin looked almost uncared for. She was paler, she had growing tired bags under her eyes, and her skin was a little dryer and she had slight acne on her cheeks and forehead. Her more than pronounced belly protruding and emphasized by stretching an overly tight top, which was equally matched by her breasts clearly squished up and out of the top as they were supported in a one or two size too small a bra. It was like she didn't care that she was fat. Her short denim skirt showed off her stout, dimpled and chunkier white thighs which were so big the skin swished together when she walked. When she smiled her teeth were definitely yellower, and her voice was extremely gravelly. She also had a noticeable more than occasional cough. I put this all down to the heavy smoking in five years since I last saw her. Except, I think time had moved on for me. She was still in college and exactly where I had effectively last saw here. This new world was strange.
I was noticing that things around me were also different. A lot more people seemed to be smoking than normal. I saw a couple two tables down, both smoking as they had appetizers. An old couple and two women in their 30's, probably their daughters, were all sitting there smoking. And a group of friends sitting next to us, were also either smoking, or had packs sitting in front of them at the table. Even the waitress coming to take our order was blowing wisps of smoke out of her nose from what must have been a recently finished cigarette.
Everyone was enjoying a drink and smoke.
Tina effectively chugged the beer down in one and loudly burped wiping her mouth with her arm. She didn't care. A fresh cigarette was soon wedged between her lips, and she was mid lighting it, when the hostess came outside and told us that our table around the back in the smoking section was ready.
We moved around the diner and took yet another outside seat. The food arrived and we eat, and almost predictably Tina certainly has no problems with appetite. She enjoyed devouring that large burger and double portion of large fries with onion rings. Then had the large chocolate cake dessert. I guess she still had that student mentality eat- as I was paying. Tina effectively kept a cigarette lit at all times during our time at the restaurant. Interspersing mouthfuls of food with several lungsful of smoke washed down with copious amounts of beer. She now obviously liked to drink!
When she got up to go inside to use the bathroom, she was annoyed that she could not take her cigarette with her. I joked that she could just sit there, and I wouldn't care. She laughed me off, but with a devious twinkle in her eyes. But to be fair I enjoyed watching her huge bottom with obvious large visible panty line move against her overly tight skirt as she got her fat chunky tree stomp type legs from under the table and made her way to the toilet. She was huge unfit unit, but fuck me, still sexy as. Or was that the beer in me talking?
I honestly stopped trying to keep track of how many cigarettes she was going through after a while, opting to just enjoy the spectacle instead. With some intense stares from Tina, I also smoked a few cigarettes. Clearly, I was also now addicted to smoking. When I went inside to pay Tina stayed outside to finish of her third pint as well as continue smoking. I couldn't believe how lucky I was.
As I was overly full of beer, the occasion had really got to me. I carefully drove back towards their apartment. Tina suddenly flagged me down and told me to stop before we arrived. We got out the car and found Amy on a park bench 100 yards down from their front door. She was of course smoking a cigarette. On the floor in front of her were her books and notebooks, and mountain of stubbed out butts and three tubes of empty pringles.
"We need to move soon. To an apartment where we can smoke, I can't keep doing this!" Amy said to Tina, dragging furiously on her cigarette and burying her head in her books again.
"We can start looking for a new place tomorrow after your final exam."
"Why can you not smoke in your apartment?" I asked.
They looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders. Had they ever asked.
I sat with them a while, smoked a cigarette, and left. For reasons unknown, or even discussed I was not invited inside their building, and the longer I stayed with them, I knew the hornier I was going to get.
When it was determined I needed to leave, I wrapped my arms the best I could around Tina's waist. Its circumference was far bigger than I remembered, and I kissed her good night and as I stretched my hands as far as they would go and grabbed and affectionately wobbled her large arse in the skirt, my hands were way too small to grab it all, but we still had in an amazing passionate embrace. Beer, cigarettes, and the hint of chocolate. Delightful kiss.
I then headed home, I was casually smoking a cigarette, as if it was a natural thing to do. Was it? I tried and struggled to process everything. I couldn't stop thinking about the whole day. The smoke in the lungs helped, and everyone around me smoking. The strange thing was that also back together with Tina. I wondered what work would be like in this twisted world. I knew one thing. It would not be normal.
Chapter 3
"And then I told him I don't care how hard it is, you said you would quit and you're still smoking behind my back!" Carrie said, venting angrily about her boyfriend John before gulping her mug of coffee.
"Well said." Molly, my best friend, and co-worker grinned, she had sadly quit smoking years ago, and was now a fervent anti smoker. They were both attractive women with very strong characters. Bonnie, a rather fierce creature of a women who was our boss walked down corridor into the office in her power dressing black suit and yelled at us to get back to work.

***

Then my alarm went off. I woke up, realizing that it was all just a dream. I glanced at my empty bed beside me, and then to the ashtray and open pack. This world was not a dream. It was, I think, my second day in this new reality. I was about to find out how things had changed at work. My dream hadn't exactly been a dream, but a twisted memory of something that had happened just a few days earlier at work.
I got up, had gulped down my morning coffee, I contemplated a second as I cursed myself. I really should not drink on a work night. I then smoked a cigarette. Then took a shower, brushed my teeth, got dressed, and strangely needed another cigarette before I drove to work. I fought the urge to smoke whilst driving, not knowing what I would be met with at work. Not even knowing if what happened the day before was also a dream.
My doubts were answered as soon as I got to the office.
My rather pretty colleague Molly who normally was wearing a dress suit or something formal, as her skirts were always below the knee. There she was in a short bright pink skirt just below the crotch, which really showed off her cute little bottom and a little pot belly before her non-matching green boob tube, her nipples were hard against the elasticated fabric. It was as if she was dressed for a night out. Not a day of work. She looked sizzling. Especially as she was taking a final drag off a cigarette right as she was walking towards the door. Just as I predicted, things were definitely not normal. Crushing her butt out on an ashtray on the wall beside the entrance that hadn't been there yesterday.
"Hey there" said Bonnie, walking up behind me, I did a double take. My normally angry cross boss looked foxy as hell. She was not wearing a bra and it was noticeable as her formal work blouse was very much translucent. My sick brain instantly questioned staring at her skirt if she was wearing any panties. But I noticed that she is smoking an almost finished Marlboro Red. My world was spinning rather quickly on its axis. Potentially the wrong way. My crotch is throbbing with excitement.
"Aren't you gonna go inside?" her gravelly voice purred, I could smell her exhale and her perfume mixing in the open air. I could not help but almost lap it up.
I glanced at my watch "I was thinking I still have 10 minutes left. More than enough time for one more smoke." I suggested as I pulled out my pack of cigarettes.
She smiled her bright white teeth "Good thinking" she nodded "I might just join you for another one" she said, tossing her finished cigarette and lighting what I was surprised was a long Marlboro Red 100.
"A smoke break just once an hour is just not enough." Bonnie was mesmerising in her high heels, black knee length leather skirt and translucent white blouse replied.
"Tell me about it." I said, not really knowing what that was like, but thinking I would soon find out.
We stood there chatting about the evening, me explaining in detail that I nearly ran over a dog. But avoiding the bit afterwards. Before too long we had finished our cigarettes with five minutes to spare and as we were reluctantly walking in, we turned around as with the clatter of heels on the pavement our other colleague Josephine had just arrived all of fluster, frantically smoking a cigarette which had clearly just been lit and was not close to being finished.
"Would you guys clock me in? I need to finish this". She called out through the open-door mid exhale.
Bonnie looked at her with empathy as she said, "Yes, of course."
I walked into the office that Molly and I share to find her already pulling her hair out, freaking at the day. The stress of the job always got to her. But 9:01 must be a record.
"We are so behind on the print campaign. It's due tomorrow and we have nothing. Literally nothing!" She almost hyperventilated.
"Well figure it out, don't worry." I told her trying to be calm and helpful.
"Fuck it, I just need a smoke." She said, pulling out an e-cigarette from her desk drawer. This was concerning. She was the calm one of the operations and would normally never swear. Or get stressed, or even contemplate smoking, let alone smoking inside. She sighed loudly again. "These awful things are really not the same, but it gets me through until my next break." I glanced at the clock, we literally had 58 minutes until our allowed break. She was exhaling the white, raspberry smelling vapour. "Make sure no one walks in" she said, taking a few puffs before calming down.
I sniffed the air and chuckled "Ok, let's get this done."
We worked for about an hour there was the occasional wafts of sweet raspberry vapour filling the room, however for the last ten minutes both of us had been staring at the wall watching the clock slowly tick around. As the clock struck ten there was another loud sigh from the desk across the room "Finally It's time." Molly stated already with her pack in her hand and rather quickly she had one foot out the door. I just had to follow, and we stepped out of the building Molly and Carrie were blowing out their last breath of smoke before walking back into the office. I wished I had been there to see the whole show. But I figured I still had something to look forward to at lunch.
"Are you gonna smoke or what?" Molly continued, interrupting me from my thoughts, "We only get 5 minutes and if you don't hurry you won't have time for seconds." She said smiling, smoke escaping through her nose.
She was right. There was my colleague of five years. We know each other rather well inside and out. There she was smoking fast, like a machine, lifting her hand up rhythmically, in perfect sync with her exhales. Whilst trying to watch I hurried to light my cigarette and do the same. I felt extremely relieved as soon as I took the first drag. Almost instantly my phone rang. It was Tina calling me on facetime. I answered just as she was blowing a puff of smoke.
"Hey sweetie, I figured I'd join you for a smoke here at college l. I set my alarm to go off at the same time as your break!" She grinned with smoke drifting out of her nose.
"Hey Tina" Molly called out on hearing her voice.
"Hi Molly, how's work?"
"Intense."
"I can imagine, needed the smoke break?"
"How could you tell, were thinking of taking a longer break and then having a third cigarette?"
"Wow that bad huh. Well, I sadly now gotta go, my class is about to start. Good luck! Love you honey!" Tina started coughing and with that the screen went black.
Class? She has graduated, surely? Love me? I was stunned as I was in a permanent state of confusion. We'd been broken up almost five years before and had not spoken at all since, until yesterday afternoon. What was going on?
"He loves you too!" Molly called out in a cute way to fill my shocked silence, and as my head turned, she seductively sucked on her finger, it popped out from between her lips, and she fluttered her eyes at me. I then started staring at the handset. Molly hit me in the shoulder to bring me out of my daydream.
"What's up with you?"
"What?"
"You seem a little off. You know since that call?" Molly asked, taking a drag, and exhaling before continuing. "Very off actually, I just teased you, and you ignored me babes!"
I sighed and rubbed my chin, "Sorry Molls, I'm having a strange week, I need time." I said getting annoyed and I then dragged rather hard on my cigarette I really needed to start playing it cool or for time.
Chapter 4
"Ew, did you just have a cigarette?" Tina screwed her face up and the winced in disgust after kissing me hello at a bar after work.
I shrugged my shoulders "Yeah, I've had a few drinks, and someone offered me one. Does that bother you?"
"No, but please don't kiss me again tonight, it's disgusting."
"You are only saying that because you're driving and staying sober." I defensively stated
"Still gross" she said.
Then the alarm went off and I woke up panting. I kept having dreams about my past life; they were almost full-blown nightmares. Apparently, I couldn't just completely lose myself in this new reality. There was still a link to the normal. I just had no idea how to get to it. I was still very much aware that something had changed.
It had been almost 3 days since the change, and I was quickly getting used to this new world.
I looked across my bed and the duvet had been stolen and there was Tina's large bare back, the fat and skin around her shoulder blades crinkled and sagging down as it was waves in the sea, as she was all rolled away from me, wheezing quietly as she slept. She had clearly stayed the night, but I don't remember the night before. Did we have sex? I thought I was alone last night.
As I contemplated that, a memory flashed back to me and Tina at the burger place drinking and smoking again. Was that last night or the first night? My memories and dreams are continually blending.
I had woken to my morning alarm for work. I had a cigarette and got ready, as I got dressed, she slowly and groggily coughed and spluttered into life as she woke up. It was a lovely sight to see. Tina in my bed with the duvet on her thighs on her belly on top of it, and of course her rather impressive large sagging breasts. I paused whilst watching her hungrily devour a cigarette. I was surprized to see her smoking in my bed. But she is gorgeous, just looking at me with her brown eyes, the sexy intent permeating her body as the smoke drifted around the room. My poor white bed sheets were getting a sprinkling of black ash.
"You wanna go up to my parents for the weekend with me? I'm kinda broke for the last few weeks of college. I need to kiss up to them for cash?" She said through an exhale.
"I am sure I can fund you..." I said under my breath "Sure, why not?" I said louder as I grinned.
"One thing though. You gotta stop it with your weirdness around smoking lately. They're not gonna like it if they think you're thinking of quitting or something." She then coughed hard.
"What? What gave you that idea?"
"The fact that I'm the only one like smoking, even though I get to stay here and smoke all day, and you should be the one loading up before work."
"Trust me, I'm not quitting." I sighed slightly before lighting another cigarette, even though I didn't feel like having one.
"That's good. Cause my parents take smoking very seriously. I don't know what would have happened If I hadn't started."
I took that opportunity, "Tina, yes, of course, would you tell me that story again? I really do love hearing it. I love to hear your smoking history!" I needed to know what was going on.
Chapter 5
"I had always been curious about smoking even though I had never smoked. Almost everyone in my hometown smokes. There was a big Marlboro factory there and most of the town was and still is employed there as you know. Even our priest encourages smoking, saying unconventionally that it brings us closer to God. And our school was extremely tolerant of smoking. We could even smoke in the classrooms. But you had to register as suffering from addiction and to do that you needed to be a pack a day smoker. And every day halfway between classes you had to light up and also in between classes. Otherwise, the privilege would be revoked."
This was an insane story. It wasn't just her family that had changed. It was everything about the world. What had that old lady Witch actually done to me?
"So my mom really wanted me to become addicted fast and I, so I then wanted that too. Growing up she had always let me take a drag or two from her cigarettes. And instead of gum, she would buy me Nicotine gum, but I didn't know that. So, when I turned 13, she got me my first pack of cigarettes and she switched me to regular gum. And she told me what she had done, and that I was now addicted and should just give in completely. It took a few hours for withdrawal to set in. So, for the next few months I was smoking about five a day- Which annoyingly wasn't enough to be considered an addict at school. I had to follow the rules.
So, I started begging my mom to buy me more nicotine gum. I wanted to get addicted faster, to keep up with all the cool kids. But the smoke still felt rough on my throat. I started chewing gum constantly all summer until I felt ready, and I told my mom I was ready to stop with the gum.
As soon as I did, I began smoking about ten a day. It was still not enough. But I went to school, and of course I lied and said I was a pack a day addict. So, I got a pass, and then I was forced to smoke every day about 16 cigarettes a day at school. It was really tough for the first half of the year. I almost got caught a few times not smoking enough during the end of day pack check. But finally, one day, I dint notice it but a pack a day just didn't feel like enough and slowly built my way up to thirty."
"And how much are you smoking now?" I asked, taking a drag from my cigarette.
"Oh, come on Peter, you know all this, sadly about 2 packs which is still no match for my mom."
"What...How much does she smoke?" This was getting stranger by the day. Can you actually do that?
"Enough." She cackled her laugh, "Four or five packs, especially when she is drinking. I don't understand Pete, you know all this, you've been there, you've helped her up. Why are you asking?"
I came around the bed and leant forward and kissed her again, just to stop her questions "Because I just love to hear about all the smoking." I grinned.
She smiled, her hand reached to pull out yet another cigarette which was soon lit with powerful deep pulls off the fizzing butt of her last one, she took yet another a huge drag, and with her amazing teasing smile blew the smoke straight into my face, I just had to inhale it and adjust my crotch.
I then trying to process everything continued to get ready for work. My head was hurting.
Chapter 6
We woke up from another great enjoyable night of heavy drinking and of course smoking I know we were both seriously hungover. Scarily it was almost noon.
I looked over at the rather beautiful hourglass figure of a slim Tina as she bent forward and hacked a cough. Her vertebrae were showing through the thin skin of her back. "Oh my god it's late! Hurry up my parents are gonna be here in an hour! Fuck!" She grizzled whilst jumping naked out of bed, coughing yet again. I must admit lying there enjoyed watching her perfect butt and tits bounce and judder as she coughed. She then bent over to pick up some panties from the floor. Her backside was perfect.
"So? That's plenty of time." I said calmly getting out of bed and picking up my trousers.
She wrapped her face in her hair and sniffed pulling a face of disgust, "No! My hair reeks of smoke! I also have to shower my thighs are rather sticky from you too, and it takes forever to dry my hair! Hurry up!" She barked angrily. "I really need to stop smoking when I drink" she then croaked as she pulled her knickers back down again.
***
I then woke up again. I kept having these dreams/memories every night when I went to sleep. I was starting to like it. It made the contrast between the two realities all the sweeter.

***

On my last cigarette break of the workday. It was not long until I finished for the week. Well in time it was not. But I knew it would be like an age. I Facetimed Tina once again, God she was gorgeous and I find her as addictive as our cigarettes, I just had to see her.
Especially when she answers completely naked- as she was.
"You, okay?" I asked.
"Yeah, back from college getting dressed for the drive to see the 'rents." She spun the phone around to her bed scattered with clothes.
"Oh right, you look stunning in whatever. I'm gonna stop get some gas before I pick you up. Are you good on cigarettes?" I asked full well knowing the answer.
Her latest cloud from exhale hit the screen "You should just always get me a pack no matter what. I always need more cigarettes, if they have any crisps, you can always buy me those too!" Tina gravelly asked as smiled sweetly before bringing the filter back to her lips.
"Is just the one pack of crisps for the drive enough?"
"Never, get the multipack!" She cackled and pulled hard on the cigarette, exhaling again at the screen for me. "Get two multipacks. And some bars of chocolate and a couple of chocolate milkshakes too!"
I rolled my eyes and agreed.

***

I got home, packed a small bag of two pairs of boxers, a shirt, deodorant, toothbrush and paste and that was about it. I then headed over to hers. She was still in the bedroom, and even after like two hours still rather deliciously naked. Apparently, she had been waiting as we just had to have sex before we left. Amy was out, it didn't matter. We were passionate, and she was very loud. The poor neighbours. Once I had come, and she had sat there crossed legged on the bed and smoked two cigarettes and eaten half of the pack of chocolate bars, we had got dressed and we were on our way to her hometown.
As summer was coming it was hot that afternoon so our windows were down, and it assisted her with her chainsmoking and eating crisps the whole way there so I couldn't put the windows up to turn on the air conditioning.
"Wow you're smoking more than usual today."
"And?" She said with the smoke pouring out of her nose before stuffing her face with cheese and onion crisps. The crumbs scattering across her top and chest.
"No I don't mind, it's just unusual."
"I'm just a little anxious. You've been so weird around my smoking lately; I'm worried you're gonna say something wrong." She continued to crunch away, the crumbs scattering from her lips, and tumbling down on her top disappearing down between her breasts.
"I'll be fine." I tried to be confident.
"I'd feel more comfortable if you were chainsmoking like me. You're usually the one smoking like a chimney on the way." She said taking another hit on her cigarette.
Confusion crossed my face "Well I'll try to smoke more. But have you thought that maybe I'm finally not nervous around your parents?" I said, trying to play it cool.
"With your current attitude I'd say you should be." She said.
I don't know if she was messing with my mind to get me to smoke more or if she actually meant it. But it worked, those simple words sent me into an anxious frenzy, and I lit up a cigarette for myself out of necessity to calm down. It would be another hour before we pulled up into her parent's house.
After what had become an hour and a half, it took longer for traffic, and we had to stop at a service station for pee break after she drank practically a gallon of chocolate milkshake...all to herself. We were then pulling up into their driveway. Both of us had lit cigarettes between our fingers, Tina had just crumpled up an empty pack, probably her second of the day, and thrown it with the several others scattered across the back seat. When did they all appear? I looked behind me, my back seat was covered in discarded packs of cigarettes. I normally look after my car, cleaning it regularly. Things were definitely strange. She coughed a little as she exhaled, and smoke came sputtering out, almost like an old car engine misfiring. But she wasn't fazed in the least by it she shrugged her shoulders; to her it was just a normal thing that happened several times every day, she expected it to happen.
"Yeah, we are finally here" She announced. I made an appreciated noise. I knew that. Honestly?
Before we could get even out of the car, her parents had already come outside, as if they had been eagerly waiting to welcome us. They both had cigarettes dangled from their mouths. Surprisingly her mom, Lucy, had clearly wrapped some gifts for us which I found surprising. Tina lit up two fresh cigarettes at once, and then forcefully stuck one in my mouth before we got out of the car. I didn't think I needed another one so soon, but as I dutifully inhaled the smoke, I was grateful to her. I think.
She wrapped her chunky arms around her equally large parents giving each of them a big bear hug. Then slowly made her way to the back of the car, she popped the boot and stared at the back of the car.
She shook her head, "Pete, help me unload my suitcase." Tina said around her dangling cigarette. "It's stuck." She grumbled, whilst tilting her head back and dragging on the cigarette, she made a token effort to gently pull the small suitcase out of the trunk. Tutting I went around and helped her unload it. It was not heavy; she just literally did not put any effort in actually lifting it. We were here for two nights. We didn't bring much. All she just wanted to do was see her parents. She headed in with her mum and dad leaving me with the two bags.
I was starting to notice how little lazy this version of Tina was; there was no interest in any physical activity at all. She sat down and either ate or lit a cigarette or both at every opportunity she could. She complained and nagged when she had to walk further than a couple of steps to the car. She even seemed to be weaker than she used to be. The Tina I really knew would have jogged out the car and in an overtly feminist way emptied the car. But for this Tina pulling out the small 'carry on' style suitcase was by no means been challenging. Yet not only could she not do it, but she had also become increasingly anxious with such a simple task. She had no confidence in herself. I could easily see that the heavy smoking had taken a toll on her, it was easier not to do something, she would. Bizarrely I was enjoying every second of it and her.
Whilst I unloaded the rest of the stuff from the car, going back and forth a couple of times the three of them chatted and smoked. As I was closing the boot of the car, I heard a loud squeal. As I looked around, I saw the source. Tina was incredibly excited as she opened her mother's gift. It wasn't clothes or money. It was two cartons of Marlboro lights. As I approached, I heard the conversation.
"You need to stop smoking those Newports." Her mom, demanded. Standing side by side with Tina you could not help but notice that she just looked identical to the fat Tina, brown hair, cute nose, wrinkled face and large breasts, with matching large stomach, and equally counterbalance of huge arse, but just the 20 or so years older than Tina. The moment where you undress someone in your head. I could instantly determine how sexy she looked naked. You could definitely tell they were mother and daughter!
"But mom..." Tina whinged through her latest exhale snapping my focus back to her.
Her dad was listening and smoking silently to the side. From what I gather he had never been much of a talker and clearly still wasn't.
When I got close Lucy pulled out one gift for me. It was also a carton of Marlboro lights. I now gather that it was supposedly my brand.
"Enjoy." Lucy said with her equally gruff voice and a wink.
I was thankful and more than a little weirded out. I still could not accept how much of a heavy smoker I was in this life.
With the bags out of the car we were invited into the house, and you could tell it was a smoker's house, it's like how my house now smells. The noticeable whiff of stale smoke was heavily present from the dozen ashtrays scattered around the house, you could move a few paces and find an ashtray and alongside that there were the vast quantities of cigarette packs and hundreds of empty beer bottles stacked around the furniture. I had an urge to help them with their recycling.
We small talked for a little bit. I finished the cigarette Tina had lit for me in the car as she finished her second.
It wasn't so much that I didn't feel addicted because I did feel near constant cravings for something. But that might because I was smoking so much, I did not get the chance to actually have one? Maybe the repetitive habit was there. I literally do not know. I wasn't confident in lighting up every 20-30 minutes Tina expected. I still had to remember to bring the filter to my mouth. It wasn't programmed into me. I was going to have to be more conscious about my smoking. I didn't want to disrupt this exciting life that was unfolding before me.
Tina then announced that as it had been a long journey and we both were going upstairs to freshen up. So, nodding in agreement I followed her to the bedroom, as I carefully lugged our bags up the stairs as she focused on smoking her cigarette. I love watching her buttocks swish and wobble in her tight fitted jeans as she moves. It must be said even for me it was an effort to carry the bags up the stairs.
As soon as I set our bags down, she disappeared to the bathroom out on the hallway for yet another pee, to be fair she did drink a lot of milkshakes. I then sat down on the bed. It was a really nice mattress, nice and firm. I noticed my cigarette. I keep having to remember there is this hot burning stick between my fingers.
The ash had grown, I flicked the tip and ash scattered over the spotless ashtray. I smiled as I clocked the matching ashtray on the other side of the bed. I took a deep breath and decided I should pause and rest. I really needed some smoke free deep breaths. But with a burning cigarette, inhaling smoke was the next best thing. It had been quite a rush hour drive. The traffic crawling. Sitting beside the smoky Tina as she happily demolished lots of food, drink, and cigarettes. I needed that a moment of calm and quiet to take in the pretty room, it was Tina's old childhood room, I don't think I had ever been in here before, but I got the impression I should have. It had done it up, and adultified it. It was stylish. I just had to finish my cigarette before doing anything else. I was practically spinning out.
The toilet flushed and Tina huffed and waddled to joined me in the bedroom. Her large waist high jeans were partially tugged up her thighs, her bulging belly hanging over the large pink bow of equally bright pink kickers. She grinned cutely at me as she took my short butt from my cigarette from my lips, and it was soon between her lips as she pulled hard on it and exhaled in my face as she then shuffled her weight on to my lap, the bed springs creaked under both our weight as she pushed me back on to the bed as she lumbered up my body before leaning over and kissing me hard. My fingers found her jeans and then her cotton knickers and with a couple of tugs pulled down hard and they easily peeled down her large backside. I grunted as the air in my chest exhaled as she landed the full force of her large sexy belly on top of me squishing her equally large breasts onto my chest and our smoky tongues locked in battle as her grabbed part of her cold wobbling buttocks.
I tried to protest mid kiss that her mom might walk in, but her eyes were alive, she did not care. She gyrated and I was very much turned on and suddenly all too soon, I was spent. I am not sure where my cock was, between her thighs or under her belly, between a fold of skin, I have no idea even now, but I was done. I love her. She stubbed the cigarette out in the clean ashtray. Grabbed some tissues and half-heartedly wiped herself up, dropping them on the floor. She then focused on me again. We kissed and hugged, before hearing Lucy downstairs banging and crashing pots. We slowly pulled up our clothes and headed down to the living room. Trying not to look too sheepish. I consciously lit up another cigarette as soon as I was downstairs before Tina could contemplate forcing one in my mouth. As such her mother, Lucy, who was identical in size and shape to Tina, looked me up and down and then smile once she clocked the cigarette in approval.
As the late afternoon and evening progressed, it was noticeable was a huge cloud of smoke, a proper fug hovering over them as if it was their personal rain cloud. They were talking fast in between drags, smoke spilling out of lips as they talked, ashes were flinging everywhere. Their regular flicks of the cigarettes towards the ashtrays were not particularly accurate and for the most part, they were falling on the floor.
Next to Lucy was two crumpled-up pack of her Marlboro Red 100's, and I could tell from the open pack she was halfway through her third of the day. It was only early evening. She smoked much faster than Tina and had as far as I was aware had not used her lighter once, going from cigarette to cigarette. Tina on the other hand had somewhat slowed down and was spending about 10 minutes or so in between smokes. Which was still a little faster than the norm for her. From her face you could tell she looked completely smoked out, and yet reluctant to actually stop
I came back from yet another bathroom visit, it was calm in there. Almost peaceful. I contemplated hiding there. However, as I got back to the living room Tina's dad Steve offered me a beer and some fresh air, I grabbed the opportunity to get out of the fug and outside. So, we sat outside had a drink and of course a smoke. For a man of few words, we managed to talk about the latest political news, some recent action movies that neither of us had seen. And then as the conversation dried up and we both agree that we were hungry we went back inside and suggested that we had food.
Tina and her mom together cooked up a large portion, practically a mountain each, of oven cooked deep-fried chicken and an equally large hill of oven chips dinner and we all sat at the table smoked and of course drank some more beers. The large chocolate trifle we had for desert was rather nice too. To be honest we drank and smoked a lot. I must have manged to smoke a full pack that night. Tina possibly two, in addition to the two she must have smoked during the day, she did not care, she was enjoying time reconnecting with her mother.
One thing I can say is a fat Tina is very heavy to steer up the stairs when drunk. It was not easy. I wish I had a cattle prod. I was tempted to joke I would by her some cow print knickers. But I ended up using my shoulder. She was all giggly and not wanting to climb the stairs at all. She just wanted to sit halfway up with one hand down her trousers and kiss me. But with Lucy shouting that she needed to go to for wee too, so we got up there. Lucy dived into her ensuite. Tina and I used the family bathroom at the same time, it was quicker and easier, swapping over once we had used the toilet. I had to sit down, my hard on would not let me piss downwards. Sharing the bathroom together was natural, I think we do it normally? I am not sure what is normal anymore.
We sort of fell into the bedroom, this time managing to close the door. I helped Tina undress, partly through her need for help, she was again wasted. There was a theme, she liked to drink. Also, I thought through my beer addled brain, important for us two was me to be romantic, as my drunk fingers fought the hefty three clips, I slipped the straps along her chunky arms, as the clips gave way, the cups loosened, and her large milky white breasts flopped out of her underwired bra. With a grin, I was soon ready again. I am practically permanently turned on with this girl. With a heave of tug, her knickers on the floor, we fell onto the bed and had lazy drunken and at best sloppy sex. Three times that day, it was a record. I hoped it was quiet enough with her parents next door. She has so much skin to play with, it was great fun. We had smoked so much we barely had the energy for sex, she certainly didn't. She just lay there and smoked as I did all the work. It wasn't a problem. I was so turned on by all her and her may I dare say it her mother smoking I needed a release again. She smoked all throughout as she lay there her whole-body reverberating and shaking as my balls hit her huge ass, before we soon passed out.
Chapter 7
I awoke to find myself extremely hungover and of course to the now regular tune of Tina and her obviously constitutional hacking morning cough. Her whole beautiful and very naked body juddered and vibrated as if an earthquake hit a jelly mountain before she shuffled a little further upright and pulled hard on a lit cigarette. She sat there for two minutes and then stomped out of the room. If I had a dream about my past life that night, I couldn't remember. I clearly had too many beers.
On sitting up I then surprised myself as I also hacked a cough, my head and throat felt awful, but I instinctively put my hand out and grabbed my pack and lighter and lit up my first cigarette of the day, which worsened my headache but definitely calmed down my cough and what could only be described as cravings. I looked to my side and Tina wasn't there, but there was a forgotten cigarette butt in the ashtray still gently smoking away. I leaned over and stubbed it out properly.
Tina had not returned, so I finished my cigarette whilst in bed, then slowly got dressed, my head was hurting. I needed coffee. I headed to the bathroom and then downstairs, lighting up a second cigarette on my way down. I could tell by from noise of excited chattering that they were in the kitchen. Standing in the stairway I overheard a conversation between the still naked Tina and her mother who was only just wrapped up in a dressing gown it was fighting her breasts and belly.
"I had the strangest dream last night." She said to her mom.
"Yeah, go on, it was probably just the drink!" Lucy chuckled, as she undid her dressing gown, flashed us both as she readjusted it tighter over her fat belly.
"Well mom, I was in high school. I woke up early in the morning and I didn't smoke. Instead, I went outside running for an hour. Then I came back, showered, had breakfast, and I went to school. And I came back home, did my homework, and went for yet another run before bed. No one was smoking in my dream. And the worry thing, I felt empty inside. I think it's because I didn't smoke."
Lucy nodded in agreement "That's understandable." Her mum agreed pulling on her cigarette.
"The crazy thing was you were a prude, conservative, religious. You didn't let me go out and have fun. You didn't drink. Dad spent hours in the gym. He also didn't drink."
Lucy laughed shaking her head and pulled again on her cigarette.
"But mom get this. You and I didn't talk at all. I lived like this for almost a week. When out and about I smelt cigarette smoke, I thought it was disgusting. I even yelled at a girl that was smoking close to me at one point."
"How depressing!" Lucy state flicking her ash into the nearest glass ashtray before nodding encouragingly.
"And all of a sudden, the dream shifted like the next day I woke up, late, and I lit a cigarette, and I just about got dressed in my nice, fitted Miss Sixty jeans, but mom I had like got well fat. None of my clothes fitted a T-shirt and jeans squished me in. I didn't bother to have breakfast otherwise I couldn't do my top button up. I didn't even shower. But I was good I actually brushed my teeth between my first and second cigarette, I came downstairs, and I could hear you coughing like now in the kitchen. You yelled at me that we were late. I got in the car. We smoked and talked all the way to school. I got out; you gave me an extra pack of cigarettes that day for some reason. I remember that day, actually, it really happened. Didn't it?"
A smile crept across Lucy's face as nodded encouraging her daughter to talk unable to speak that moment herself as she was pulling yet another lungful of smoke into her body.
"That was the first day I smoked more than a pack. I had an exam that day, so I was stressed. I smoked all day at school. When I got home, I had like the biggest coughing fit in the world, because my lungs still weren't used to so much smoke. But I knew I had to keep smoking. I was too stressed out. And you kindly kept feeding me cigarettes. That entire week I like smoked about 30 every day."
Her mom chuckled "That's less than now?"
Tina looked at her unlit cigarette between her fingers and then back at her mom. "It took that long to get our test results back. I got a B. And I was happy. And I wasn't stressed anymore. But by then it was too late I needed to smoke at least 30 a day. There was no going back after that."
"What's so strange about that? I do remember that too." Said her mom with her latest exhale "I saw as the perfect opportunity to finally turn you into a heavy smoker, and I jumped at the chance."
"What? Really?" Tina said in state of disbelief. I watched her the click of the lighter and her exhale. "Well thanks that was clever of you."
"No problem. But like I was saying, what's so weird about that?"
"Well the thing is. The first half, when I wasn't a smoker, it was a nightmare. How could I not smoke? But mom, it also felt like it was a memory. Like it was real."
"It's just a dream honey, I wouldn't worry about it. But go get dressed," she affectionately patted her naked bottom, "I will open the drinks, you will be cold walking naked like that." She stated in her motherly way.
"Yes mom," Tina nodded and saluted as she reluctantly agreed.
I was still leaning against the door frame as the naked Tina lumbered towards me on her way back upstairs to as ordered, get dressed. We smiled at each other, kissed, she grabbed my crotch, and I cupped her breasts and tweaked her huge erect nipples as revenge. We giggled as she made her way up the stairs.
Steve was outside smoking a cigar and drinking a whiskey and reading the news on his phone. The collective determined that they were too hungover to make lunch and had called for a pizza.
Tina had stomped back down the stairs and was dressed her jeans from last night and was clearly still cold as erect nipples were very noticeable through her extra-large baggy t-shirt. Her mom was flashing most of her body still in her dressing gown had already started drinking mimosas and they kindly offered me a drink. I looked the orange juice, and then to the wine, and my stomach churned, so I chose a beer. But in hindsight thought maybe a coffee would have been better...yes it definitely would have been. I really needed a coffee.
Throughout the day if I spent more than about 15 minutes breathing without a cigarette a smiling Tina would lumber over to me, kiss me, then stick a cigarette in my mouth and make me smoke it. I got my own back later in the day, when she was slowing down her smoking rate; I started doing the same to her. I could tell she was annoyed but with the wine and beers she was far too relaxed and couldn't actually refuse. We all drank heavily that day, and unfortunately, we were all extremely drunk and vary raucous. The house was a thick haze of smoke.
As beers cans and wine glasses were emptied, Lucy would huff and puff out the chair and then kindly stagger practically naked giggling her way across the room, being a very good, if pissed hostess as she lumbered and staggered her way in and out of the kitchen. More cans and wine appeared from the endless supply in the fridge. I never saw fresh cans or bottles go in, but nice cold ones kept coming out.
By five in the afternoon, four hours since eating the pizza, we were all not in a good state. We were having fun; the conversation was flowing as well as any drunken conversation could. But we were not pretty. I staggered back from the toilet drying my hands on my thighs. Tina giggled as she looked up at me realizing I was back, took a very deep drag on the last inch of her cigarette, exhaled, and stubbed it out. She was stunning, her eyes twinkled through the cloud of smoke. As I sat down and pulled a cigarette out the pack on the arm of my chair, she grunted, announced loudly it was her turn for a pee, and groaned as she pushed against my leg and the arm of the chair to get up. Her trousers were yawning showing off the scalloped green hem to her large green knickers as she attempted to stagger yet again to the bathroom. It took her a while just to stand up straight, she then shuffled and meandered a little, so she was pointing at the door. As like me, she was practically fucked drunk. A glorious afternoon of heavy drinking does no one any good!
As she was gone, I lit the cigarette between my fingers, as it was there, then thought I would try and carry on the conversation with Lucy and Steve, but I turned to talk to them and they were busy passionately kissing grunting and moaning with pleasure.
Then a few seconds later Tina shuffled, actually she waddled unsteadily back into the room as she had her jeans undone and then half pulled down beyond the top of her fat thigh nearly at her knees as her large belly hung down as she was effectively showing off her boring large light green cotton knickers squished into body with humungous delightful dark moist fat camel toe. Once she had leant over retrieved the pack on the arm of our sofa she declared "Oh my god I think I needed another cigarette more than I needed to piss!"
Lucy sitting on the other sofa wrapped in her husband's body nodded frantically in agreement that it was the right way around to do things, declaring the pee could easily wait and, even if it didn't, it really did not matter. Smoking always came first.
I could not take my eyes off what was happening. It was strange but I thought through my own drunken fug, rather beautiful.
Tina standing there wobbling as if she was a flower petal being buffeted by a gently breeze, with the next cigarette securely between her lips. There was then a bit of commotion with Lucy and lighter which had fallen down in the chair between thighs and was somewhere in her naked crotch. Eventually it was retrieved, and the cigarette was finally alight. Even in her drunk state she still pulled of a wonderful with a double pump inhale. The lighter was then thrown vaguely in the direction of the chair, and she slowly turned and waddled with the trousers tight against her thighs in the direction of the bathroom pausing to inhale on the cigarette.
Tina giggled momentarily as she stopped shuffling and the dark wetness started spreading out through her knickers and down all over her jeans told me she was now far too late for the bathroom. It was hissing and then gushing through the wet fabric splattering noisily on both her 3/4 pulled down jeans and on to the carpet. For me an incredibly sexy scene as her desperation had built so much that her piss gushed though her knickers, and her urine continued to trickle down her thighs. She looked at me, her grin told me that she was clearly enjoying it. So did I, it was an impressive scene. As, after watching that, I had a very large hard on.
Tina was one wet sexy babe. Clearly my wet sexy babe. By the time she got to the door to the hallway, her knickers and jeans were completely saturated, and with her hands moving down, her fingers had then realized too. So, with a tipsy giggle she fully turned around and with her hand still down inside her knickers investigating the impressive wet damage, with a lethargic sigh and cough, she flumped back down next to me on the sofa. Her wet legs slowly bicycle kicked her soggy jeans off using her chunky big toe to get them around her heels, and dumping them on the floor, and then with a naughty grin she gripped my left hand and guided my fingers ensuring that they very quickly massaged her very wet crotch as she focused on her all-important next cigarette.
It was strange sitting there in the living room with what I guess is my half-naked girlfriend in drenched knickers whilst watching her very drunken parents who were making out in the couch opposite. I know my hand was in Tina's warm wet crotch, it was fun to see Steve's hands would be permanently Lucy's crotch at every opportunity. I am not sure at what time her skirt and knickers came off, or I can't actually remember if she was ever wearing any. I do know that I could spend hours watching her delightful fat arse and belly wobble around. It was a pleasure every time she loyally went to the kitchen to get us more drinks. If they made it cable channel, I would subscribe. She would stumble and stagger across in front of me. She was absolutely identical to Tina; the two asses were more than a handful and edible as anything.
At one point Lucy stood up and staggered around the living room in just her bra, her breasts and belly jiggling and bouncing around with every uneven stagger, and at the top of her voice screamed "Fuck it, were pissed, I'm wery pissed it's Saturday night! Let's go to on to bar and dance!" and then proceeded to badly dance around the living room. It was hilarious, but equally sexy her breasts, bellies and thighs jumped, bounced and jiggled all over the place. Then in a tired state and in a fit of giggles she fell back into the couch with a tired groan. Smoking so much is not conducive to exercise.
It was obvious that Tina had given up going to the bathroom, she had not moved for what seemed like hours the sofa we were sitting in was now soaking wet. She emptied her wine glass, shook another cig from her pack and grinned "Oh my god I needed this so much" As she exhaled. She did not. She had only just finished her last one.
"Tina, Darlin', let's go to out drinkings!" Lucy slurred before smiling as she brough her hand back to her mouth as to drag on her cigarette.
"That's a very goose idea!" Tina equally slurred in reply, trying to get up as she took inhaled yet again on her cigarette. She turned and her full weight fell on my lap and gave me probably wettest lap dance in history before collapsing on me; her knickers and bottom were warm and very wet. I was not entirely sure if was actually peeing on me whilst trying to kiss my lips. To be honest, from the mess afterwards, I think she probably was. My crotch was soaked through too. She kissed me attempted to slowly gyrate her thighs pushing her wet fat hips against my growing hard on through my slacks. All whilst her parents were sitting in the room at the same time. She broke our very wine laden and smoky kiss as she then got distracted as she took a cigarette out of the pack and put in my mouth. She tried to light it but couldn't work the lighter, I took it from her and lit it myself. She smiled drunkenly and once I had exhaled gave me another kiss. I rolled her begrudgingly off me, she landed in her seat before I came in my wet pants.
"I don't think we should go" I said. Trying to sound organized and potentially more sober. But more likely failing. "But if we do, two things need to happen. Firstly, Tina needs to change however sexy she like it, she is extremely piss wet and secondly, and importantly we all need to sober up. Thirdly, I then laughed at my math, I am starving again; we need to get some food in our stomach!" I suggested as my hand gently massaged Tina's saturated kickers in front of me.
"Silly girl, should've taken those stinky wet knickers off, I have!" The practically naked Lucy tutted before taking another hit on her cigarette as there was a noticeable sound of hissing coming across the room. The poor furniture. But this was amazing. I was loving the whole thing. It was utterly degrading, but wow, what a thing to experience.
"Food, now that's a great idea. We better have some more pizza and water" Steve declared as he patted his wife's bare and very wet legs.
With that and a lot of giggling we rang the pizza shop and ordered exactly the same as we had lunch only 4 hours earlier.
"I is goings to gets dressed!" Tina announced said as she huffed, puffed, and groaned as she tried to work her legs to get off me, before flicking her wet knickers out of her buttocks and vagina, which I cannot lie may have accidently on purpose wedged them in there with my fingers when I was exploring. She then lumbered across the room dripping pee from her wet legs as stumbled upstairs pulling her heavy sagging wet knickers up over her hips before pulling them down from the hem instantly afterwards.
I chuckled just popped open a new beer and instantly regretted it. So left it alone. I concentrated on lighting a new cigarette. Whilst the half-naked Lucy staggered around the room, I must admit I spent far too long looking at her naked belly and equally wet legs, I then focused the best I could on my cigarette.
***
When Tina eventually came downstairs, she was different. She wasn't stumbling anymore, and she wasn't slurring her words. In fact, she had what could be said as magically sobered up. Did I suggest that, and it happened? Was I feeling sober too? She had even managed to change her knickers for a short pretty denim skirt, that showed off her dimpled untoned fat legs and thighs well. Her eyes were alive. She lit a cigarette before finishing the one she was smoking, looked at the first one, realized what she had done, smiled, and inhaled both at the same time. Following her cue, her mom did the same thing.
As she was dressed, she might have even done some makeup. As she was standing and fully clothed, as such she was nominated to answer the door, and then just about managed to carry the four large pizzas into the living room without dropping them.
"Oh man, I just love smoking it's so great. This pizza is amazing, remember that place we had pizza last Saturday Pete?" Tina rambled as she chewed on the food.
"We went for burgers this week?" I questioned.
"Nah it was definitely pizzas!" Tina countered. Oh, I cannot now remember what I thought I knew now.
Like pigs in a trough, we all attacked the fresh pizza. It was warm, greasy, and filled their alcohol filled stomachs.
The cardboard trays empty bar the little plastic tables were left on the floor stacked up with beer and wine bottles.
"Where are we going after this? The corner bar or to Charlie's place? I love Charlie's Place. Let's go there!" Lucy kept rambling like that for a while. She was far too drunk and far too naked to leave the house.
"Firstly, we all still need to sober up!" I declared. Almost wishing I could drink my open beer. Everyone sort of agreed and settled down to smoke.
Another hour progressed, and much groaning, complaining, and coughing, somehow as if by magic, and drinking plenty of cola, everyone got a lot soberer and proceeded to go upstairs and get dressed for a night out. I was grateful to get out my wet trousers and put fresh ones on. We all managed to look vaguely decent before heading out. I was definitely turned on again by the time we were about to leave. It may have been Tina's gorgeous fat arse in the high wasted short a skirt that did not really covered her sagging wobbling and clearly still wet buttocks; she had clearly not bothered to put knickers back on. I am still not sure how it happened. Or why I drove us into town my hand was clamped, almost wedged between Tina's fat thighs my little fingers were deep within her delightful soaking wet pussy. We really should have got a cab. But I did at least feel sober. I think it probably would have been best that we stayed at home. It would have been far easier.
We really should not have drunk more, but we did. We drank and badly sang as we danced on the empty dance floor; it was only 10 in the evening. We were probably wasted before we started, we were definitely wasted afterwards too.
With the bar filling up with sensible people we drunkenly staggered out.
"Aaaare weee at charliees plaaay alr-edy?" Lucy was slurring her words as she wobbled unsteadily as she squatted in the middle of street and peed right through her knickers and skirt. As Tina then did exactly the same holding her hand. Except I knew she was not wearing any panties.
"No," I sighed as both girls now weed over my foot, my shoes were soaking as I dutifully stood by prepared to help them get up again. Why they could not have gone when I suggested we did before leaving the building, I will never know. "We are going home now. In the car!" I declared. It was hard work trying to be the soberest of the drunks. No sooner had I got Lucy upright, Tina fell flat on her back in her puddle giggling away.
I think I herded my wet cows back to the car. Somehow, I was driving. I don' think I really should not have done. No I definitely should not have done. Steven was passed out with an unlit cigarette hanging from his mouth, Lucy was drunk out of her mind, her sexy large tits had also fallen out of her top and she did not care. Whilst I think Tina and I were definitely itching for more something, either sex or cigarettes.
"Buuut I waaanned to go to Chaarlith Place." She was struggling to light up a cigarette. Tina turned around and, in the darkness, lit it for her.
"We already went there mom, remember, you had a great time, now were going home and you and dad are going to bed. Your bed is great." Tina said quickly. "Hurry up!"
I stepped on the pedal and raced to their house. We woke Steven up as I went round a corner a little fast that once he came around, he finally lit his dangling cigarette.
I was again too drunk. I really should not have been driving. I got the car roughly parked straight out the front and then we all stumbled into the house, and Steve then swiftly passed out again on the couch dropping his cigarette on the floor which I quickly picked up and stubbed out. I helped get Lucy to her room; she was equally heavy like her daughter, but worse as a drunken dead weight, while Tina determined she had already peed in the car and did not need the bathroom she headed to the bedroom to get undressed. I sat with Lucy while she finished her cigarette and as requested, I kindly help her undress. As soon as she stubbed it out amongst the hundred other butts in her blackened ashtray beside her bed, she giggled and when I let go, she fell back until she was lying on to the bed and lay there in a star shape smiling and giggling at me before her hand landed on her wobbling fat stomach, her huge knickers where hugged up just under her cavernous belly button, her fingers pushed the elastic down below until her stomach flopped out over the top.
My eyes followed her hand as they migrated inside the grey fabric until she started stroking her huge crotch of her large grey piss-stained knickers. Who knows how many times she had wet them this evening, I guessed too many to count? She giggled once more as her fat fingers slowly worked her huge mound, the fabric squelching against her wetness as they moved, and then with a grin on her face, all of a sudden, her head fell to the side as she then started snoring as she passed out on the top of the duvet. I had to chuckle, she was just like her daughter, I left her with her with her hand still inside her wet knickers. I promise I didn't linger too long to stare at the snoring but equally beautiful practically naked Lucy on top of the bed. I must love large wet women!
I got into our room Tina was still fully dressed sitting on the edge of the bed, of course she was smoking a cigarette.
She looked up at me and smiled her voice was happy and very raspy, "I had a lot of fun tonight. You're the best. Let us fuck... now..." she started to wiggle her hips to pull her skirt down. She looked at me again, thoughts tumbled around her face "...Oh wait, actually shush...we, just us two could go back to Charlie's place. It was great. I wanna do shots. Let us do some more shots?" She practically begged.
I chuckled and smiled as I stepped forward and taking both of her hands. I stubbed out the cigarette and I heaved her off the bed with a giggling screech she landed in a hug. We kissed as I slowly fumbled undid her button of her skirt and dropped it to the floor. I then grabbed her cold, bare, wet arse, and squeezed it hard. I love her so much.
"It's going to rain again, let's not go out, let's go downstairs there is plenty to drink!" I whispered between frantic and sloppy kisses. She nodded in agreement and after dragging again on her cigarette, she exhaled and then holding my hand stepped out from her skirt.
Chapter 8
We were a mess, we never did leave the house, we sat in the living room drinking and smoking all night long. We chatted, we had fun. I have no idea what we chatted about, but it was fun.
I am sad to say come morning Tina and I were out of our minds in the kitchen I was just in my boxers and she was just in her bra. We had spent the night smoking, drinking, smoking, and drinking. We could barely stand. In fact, we couldn't, we had crawled closer to the fridge and so was sitting in the kitchen, could barely sit up straight leaning against the wooden doors of the counter opposite each other in our own puddles of cold stale piss. I am not sure why I didn't visit the toilet; I was a grown man sitting in wet boxers with my still hard cock hanging out the fly, from either pissing or a blowjob or both, I can't remember what. I think I just wanted to smoke.
At some point Tina's dad Steven paid no attention to us in our deranged state as he thudded into the kitchen, lit a cigarette opened the cupboard and bashing the bottle and glass on the counter poured himself a morning whiskey and then splashing through our puddles in his slippers headed out the back door.
In our stupor we paused as we heard Lucy as she started her morning coughing fit upstairs. Eventually she too stumbled down the stairs still in just her grey stained fraying knickers, pulled back up against her bulging belly. She was clearly still drunk from the night before, as she stumbled and blowing smoke, struggling even to hold the cigarette. She grinned as she took a bottle of vodka from the counter and drank straight from the bottle. Tina and I could barely speak to acknowledge her at this point.
"You'rrrruppp earrrrly" said Tina merrily, banging her head on the cupboard door on the counter. We both laughed. "Daaa issss ousside dink...drinki...dwinking whisk...wha'eve, he's o'er theeerree." Said Tina, trying to point outside, banging her arm against the kitchen counter door, as she struggling to keep her head upright.
"Tis okays!" Lucy exclaimed taking a swig from her bottle. "Arrree youuu guyyys doing brekky?" Lucy said.
"Nooooo." Tina grumbled wobbling her empty belly.
"I should cooks something?" Lucy slurred before taking a gulp of the vodka.
None of us were in fit state to cook, let alone eat.
Tina was also laughing and tried to shake a cig out of her pack only to find that it was soaking wet and empty. She had just stubbed out her last cigarette out on her puddle on the floor and was already itching for another. In a panic she said hurriedly "where arrrr daaa cigs? I need smoke. Oh, my goood I need a fuuuuckiiiiiiing, aaaa fuuucking cigarette so bad." She took the cig from my mouth and took a deep long drag. I was loving how the coke had turned her into an even bigger cigarette fiend. "Where di' we put the cart'n? I neeeeed morrr, more cigarettes now! Oh, my gaaah, where are they?" I started panicking too and started crawling around looking for them. We had been so drunk there was a lot I didn't remember.
Tina tried climbing upright but slid around on the wet floor as if she was a baby giraffe, but more of hippopotamus so she gave up and crawled to the stairs it took a while to get up them as we had undeniably no balance. I had to help her up to the room. After slow but frantic search we finally found the cartons. Her second carton was already half empty and the one I was given had two packs left. We sat cross legged on the floor and hurriedly lit up and then slowly on our bums one giggling step at a time took the cartons downstairs.
We tried to keep drinking for a few more hours but finally our bodies gave in at around midday and we just had to go to bed. We left Lucy passed out on the floor of the kitchen in her own growing puddle and her dad outside drinking and smoking by himself. We had drunk and smoked ourselves to sleep.
I woke up the next day at 7 am. It was Monday, I had work. I was two hours away and I had so fucked up. I called Molly and explained that I was sick. With food poisoning. She understood. I had a smoke and went back to bed and promptly passed out.

***

We woke up again extremely hungover. It was still daylight; I had a bad headache. Tina was in the foulest of bad moods.
"Every time I go out with you, I drink too much!" She whined. "I have another exam on Wednesday! I can't deal with this right now! Take me to my dorm!"
She was fuming. It was annoying. I didn't force to drink anything, yet she always put the blame on me. I told her as much, and quickly regretted it.
"Did I smoke last night? I taste like smoke."
"You had like two cigarettes maybe?"
"Maybe? Ugh so revolting and disgusting."
She didn't have a drink for almost a month after that and we almost broke up a few times during that time. I always hated that side of her.

***

Another one of those dreams, the first for a while. I woke up at around 4pm to Tina's body vibrating the bed as she heaving as she was coughing deeply and loudly.
"Oh my gooood." She exclaimed. "I am fucking needing an aspirin now!" She demanded before heaving once again.
I was exhausted. I could barely move my legs; my lungs were shagged. My body was spent.
"The weekend was crazy. We so have to do that again." She sounded tired. She kept coughing. After about a minute it hit me too and I had my own coughing fit. We had smoked far too much. We had drunk too much. How were we going to drive back home? I heard the click of the lighter. In between coughs Tina had managed to light a cigarette. Soon her coughing subsided. She handed me the pack and I happily lit up.
"We have to drive back today. It's gonna suck" I said. Her hand migrated to my flaccid penis and stroked it.
"I can suck you?" She giggled and the coughed again and continued stroking until I was erect again.
I shook my head "Tina babes, we need to shower and go home!" I declared.
"Peter, babes, call in sick again tomorrow, we will drive back then. We both need to recover. I need you cock!" She laughed then instantly regretted as she deeply coughed whilst still stroking my cock.
"I think we overdid it."
"Nah. We enjoyed ourselves that's all that counts. Let's smoke a few cigarettes wash and then go downstairs to get some food."
"Yeah, I'm starving" I agreed.
"Me too, but I need these cigarettes even more." She confirmed as her cheeks collapsed around the cigarette as she heaved the smoke into her lungs once more.
Her strong addiction and her continuous stroking kept turning me on, I had an almost permanent hard on, but it was scaring me a little to see that I wasn't that far behind myself. I knew exactly what she meant. I needed a few cigarettes myself before I got out of bed. This lifestyle was out of control. Was this world what I really wanted?
I turned around and saw Tina taking an intense last drag, bending forward as if she was being pulled by the cigarette using the nearly spent butt to light a new one. Then she handed me the pack. I still wasn't done with mine. But she looked concerned for me, as if she knew that I would need another cigarette as soon as I finished this one, and she didn't want me to have to wait even a second. Then she gingerly got out of bed and swayed as she stood up, she couldn't quite straighten up, before wobbling again, so neanderthal style staggered to the bathroom.
I got up and followed her. We had to get back to the flat.
The drive home was interesting. Lucy handed Tina an open bottle of wine to drink. Yes, that meant as we got back to our town, she was again tipsy drunk. She was also still teasing my cock; the minx did not bother to tell me that we needed to stop for a wee. Without looking I put my hand in her inner thigh just to give her an affectionate squeeze and it was delightfully drenched. Her jeans were soaked. My poor car seats were taking a battering and, yes, absolutely loved it.
As we got closer to home, I suggested and Tina agreed that we were hungry again as somehow, we had missed lunch. In our state I had determined that it was dinner time, I certainly did not want to cook. For ease we headed back to the Tricky's the burger joint for more beers, burgers, and cigarettes. Tina did not care one jot as she walked from the car to the outside seating with a huge dark wet patch on the back of her jeans. It was a delightful scene for me. It could have been embarrassing for her. As she walked slowly almost in the style of John Wayne, her buttocks and thighs glistened with fresh pee. She was being sexy and incredibly devious. I could only chuckle as she left foot prints across the carpark.
That evening she grinned at me lots and fluttered her eyelids as she did not move go inside at all that night, the waitress kept bringing out the beers and food, and with a stream of smoke from between her left-hand, and an equally large stream between her legs. Tina drank pint of beer, after pint of beer from her right. What had been her light blue denim jeans that she had put on at the house, were now an all over, rather deliciously completely shade of glistening dark blue, she completely wet through. I love her.
I could not say anything. My trousers were equally wet. Tina refused to let me go inside either. When I tried to move, she would stare at me with the greatest affection, grab my arms and hold me against the table tight. We were both a complete drunk mess; I had no interest in fighting my bladder or her. I love her so much.
Also as was her way now, she was again delightfully plastered drunk. Her eyes glazed over; she was staggering and swaying. She was a delicious mess. I was also drunk, so much so, that I forgot that we came by car. We staggered back into her house arm in arm. I know we both fell into a bush at one point, we had fun pulling the sticks from our tops. Her wet bottom picked up all the mud on the floor, I teased that she had shat herself. I remember that, but I really don't honestly remember much. Maybe she had done so? But, somehow, we got home, undressed, I think we had sex, then we both passed out. I know that I got to work the next day by taxi as my car was nowhere to be seen.
Chapter 9
Sitting outside of work on a cigarette break trying to focus my cigarette, the phone vibrated again. With a quick swipe Tina's bulky face loomed large on the screen.
"Vicky now wants to move in with Amy and I as at her new flat she's getting two new random roommates assigned. She doesn't want to change!" Tina grizzled.
"What's the problem I thought you guys had an extra room." I asked as I pulled on my cigarette.
It took a second for her to answer; I could tell watching her chin that she was taking a drag. The nonsmoking building was now clearly a smoking one. Things shift in this world as and when they want, or is it how I want them to?
"We do, but the whole point is to be able to smoke in the house and Vicky is always a pain in the ass about our smoking."
"How is she not used to it by now, she knows you smoke?" I asked. "You are now smoking in the house?"
There was again another long pause, for another long drag. "Yeah, true, we can now. But she's just being over dramatic. I just wish she smoked. It would make our life easier!" Tina whined. "Her mom's always is begging me to get her to smoke so she'll stop bitching about her smoking around the house. Maybe I should just do that." She said half joking.
"That could be fun." I said, intrigued by the possibility. "You know you've always said you think she's in love with your sexy tits. She might just do as you ask?"
There was another pause. "How would we go about that? I've tried offering cigs to her when she's drunk as a skunk. It's never worked before?"
"Then be more straightforward. Show her that you're not willing to hang out with non-smokers." I suggested "She doesn't have any other friends; she's not going to want to be cut off from you guys."
"That's a great idea." I heard Amy say from the other side of the room. "Tina, do you have a lighter? I can't find mine."
There was again silence on the end of the phone. "Yeah sure, here take it." The camera swayed and moved as Tina chucked the lighter across the room.
I heard a click, a long pause and then "Oh my god thanks, I used mine like 15 minute ago and now I can't find it."
Another pause and then "keep looking, I'm sure you'll find it soon."
"I hope so; it's not a good day to be losing your lighter."
"Is it ever?"
They both laughed, and those laughs then turned into deep lung busting coughs.
"I will be at yours after work. Love you!" I grinned and the screen went black. Yes, I told her that I loved her. Yes, in this world, I am sure I do.

***

I got to the house. Both girls were again drunk leaning forward their head supported by hands with their elbows digging into the dining room table as they had staring at the phone.
Tina's head unsteadily looks up and giggled at me. "Oh, waits Petey youse are here!" she screwed her face up again as she coughed "ohh Petey look, she's texting...She is texting me now." Tina drunkenly repeated herself.
I nodded, "How about tell her were having drinks at your house but tell her she can't come as she doesn't smoke." I said as I wrapped her arms around her squeezed her sagging breasts and kissed the back of her neck.
"Ok" said Tina moaned as she wiggled to my kisses. "She's asking why."
"Be frank, tell her we're all going to be smoking all night long, and you don't want to deal with her bitching."
"I'm gonna say that in a nicer way." Tina suggested.
"Suit yourself!" I leant forward and with one hand groped her breast and the other her belly.
"Petey stop, I can't focus on the screen." I kiss the back of her neck again and withdraw my hands. "She's saying she promises she won't."
"Ok, leave it read, but don't answer it. Let her beg." I said instantly going back and massaging her breasts, they are so saggy and large they make my manly hands look small, as Tina started moaning as her nipples were gripped between my fingers.
The phone vibrates on the table, I let go of the breasts they slap back in place as I reach across first, my reactions are completely sober. I nod as I read the screen.
"She's not gonna come tonight." I confirm.
"Fuck that, les' get mores wasted instead." Amy slurred before taking a long gulp of her vodka, then as the bottle sloshed, she burped loudly.
"Yesshh" said Tina, taking out a new cig from the pack. "Thatz gose Idea, ise alreadies on my ways!" She whooped as she jiggled and danced on her seat.
Chapter 10
The next day I got up late with a screaming hangover to work. I swore at myself trying to persuade me to stop drinking on 'school night'. I was hoping to slip into the office unnoticed. But got my timings wrong, I was so late, by the time I got there, Molly was outside on her first cigarette break. her black skirt was so short that her siting on the wall with her legs dangling down meant I could see her bright green knickers. They were like a homing beacon of interest for my eyes. She obviously saw me looking down at her and ever so briefly widened her legs even further, of course I was desperate to see her deep moist camel toe, she had pulled her knickers up tight against her body, and she knew it. However, as I got closer, she shut her legs tightly together locking the playground away for now. She looked me up and down and tutted at my appearance.
"Awesome night with your lovers?"
"Yeah." I shrugged my shoulders. "Molls, please don't go there. My head hurts. But yes, it was fun..."
"Don't worry I figured. I covered for you. You were at the doctors...blood tests!"
Relief crossed my face; I could have kissed her. "Thanks, you are so good to me!" I gave her a big hug, she moved her face, so we actually kissed. It was an amazing kiss. She was sweet and delicious. Life was getting confusing. I asked for it and got it. I loved it.
She sniffed and pulled a face of disgust. "But Pete, you really need a shower!" she looked deep into my eyes as her thumb glid down my stubble on my face once the kiss broke.
"Thanks..." I blinked trying to work out what was going on. "I was running late... I will tonight."
She leaned forwards and kissed me again. "Good, you gonna join me for a smoke or two?" she asked.
I glanced towards the front door, and nodded, "Sure, definitely, I need them!" I sheepishly replied.

***

Work was hard, Molly helped me a lot, lots of smiling and occasionally fluttering her eyelids. I am sure she was blowing kisses at me at one point between smoke rings. But it was difficult to work out. Cigarettes kept me going.
That evening as I was walking to the car, I stop in my tracks, my phone rings from my pocket as got a yet another facetime from Tina.
"I've been so hungover all day," I said, "aren't you?" I look for what should be a pretty happy face. Her hair is a mess and her eyes glazed. She is clearly drunk.
"No chance..." She turns her head and hacks yet another cough "I has been drinking only a little, since I woke up, hair of the dog and all." She slurred. It would have been Facetime, but after saying hello her phone camera was very much focused on her chest. She was not wearing a bra, the fat pillow of the breast was very much on show, I was not complaining.
"Awesome." I said with a wry smile.
"Tonight's the night we start Vicky smoking. I've set it all up." Tina said confidently "I even got her mom to send me money to buy her a carton."
"What did you get her?" I asked.
"Marlboro Menthols. They'll be nice for her." She stated taking a long pause her breasts rose almost hitting the phone as she dragged on her cigarette, and I heard her exhale "plus, she loves mints."
"Smart."
"I also got her some nicotine gum and switched it out with regular gum like my mom did to me. I so want her to get normal as quickly as possible.
"Do you think she'll do it?"
"I think she's really gullible, and she's loving me, but I have a plan B just in case."
"What's that?" I asked
"It's a surprise." She smiled, well her chest did. "Come over, I'm going to drunkenly make dinner for everyone, which will be fun. We'll get her started right after we eat". I heard another exhale. She then put the phone down on the couch without hanging up. I could hear the commotion in the room. I hung up on the call myself.
How is getting anything, she has clearly not left the house. She was not dressed. This world is seriously confusing.
As I drove home, I clocked up ahead a gorgeous blonde running along the pavement, she was wearing tight fitting blue leggings, they were practically sculptured over her perfect her cute firm buttocks. Her blond hair swinging like a pendulum down her glistening with sweat covered back. It was difficult not to stare. To enjoy her, as I slowly drove past, she took a gulp from her water bottle. We briefly smiled at each other; she raised her eyebrow as I flicked my spent cigarette out the window.

***

It only took 10 minutes, and I was over at Tina and Amy's house. The smell of the constant smoke wafting through their house was great. It stunk of beer and smoke. It was nostalgic for the old pubs. I was surprised it was noticeable seeing as I had been smoking all day. It was wonderful rich aroma. Amy was just sitting on the couch legs wide apart a huge bowl of potato crisps on her lap, chomping away. Her chest was covered in a carpet of crumbs. She was clearly naked with exception of just in her rather large bright pink cotton knickers high up, twisted and cutting into fat of her hips. Whilst she focused on watching TV. She was alternating mouthfuls of snacks with yet another lungful of smoke, working her way through her endless packs of cigarettes. She paused only intersperse this sequence with opening of beer bottles and gulping the contents. My head turned as she dropped another metallic the lid into her ashtray.
Tina was in the kitchen stirring the pasta with her left hand and holding her cigarette and beer between her fingers and beer of her right. It was rather precarious, what surprised me was she was wearing a pair of rather damp, but stretched blue leggings, almost the same pair as the runner, except these were so overextended around her fat legs that they were practically translucent and were being eaten by her sweaty and urine-soaked buttocks.
I had to stop. My thoughts were driving this thing. Was she wearing them because I saw the runner and then thought about her in them? Or is coincidence, I don't ever remember seeing her wearing them. Either way Tina that I now love, looked incredibly hot in her piss wet blue leggings.
She did not hear me coming in. "Tina gorgeous, how can I help?" I asked, wrapping my arms around her, and squeezing and jiggling her beasts with one hand and bare belly with my other.
"Oh hey Pete, oh, be careful, you know I will definitely pee again." She turned her head and fluttered her eye lids at me gave me a smoke laden kiss.
"What's new?" I asked. My left hand instantly grabbing her rather wet buttock in her rather tactile leggings, my fingers stretched between her squished thighs stroking her wet gusset as she clearly tensed and splattered urine around my fingers, as I then walked my fingers around her thigh and slowly massaged her wet mound, she then clearly squirted again as my hand and her leggings suddenly got very wet indeed.
"Told you...I would...oh...please don't Pete, that's really nice, really nice, but you will distract me, first things first, remove your fingers from there, light me a cigarette and put either the cigarette or your cock in my mouth." She said leaning over and dropping current cigarette into the sink. "I really can't work like this."
I complied with the former. Offering her my lighter so we could light the cigarette. My cock would come later. "Could you please do the dishes while I finish here?" She said, smoke pouring out of her mouth as she spoke talking around the cigarette still dangling it from her mouth.
"Sure" I said, putting out my cigarette and got to work cleaning the sink of what seemed like a pack of cigarette butts and then started on the mountain of dirty dishes that the girls must have ignored for days maybe weeks. I even cleaned the area around the sink too. It was filthy.
With the dishes done, Tina suggested she had murdered dinner enough and headed to the bedroom and disappointingly for me changed out of her wet sexy leggings and into her elasticated waist jeans and baggy t-shirt. She did have a giggle as the top was inside out. With a quick flash to everyone she got herself sorted.
A few minutes later Vicky arrived, she looked stunning in her fitted jeans and body-hugging red top. Tina served the food; she had managed to get most of it on the plates and had done an okay job seeing as she rather drunk. The food was actually edible, the pasta was not over done, and the sauce out of a jar was warm. The other bonus was that she had not burnt down the kitchen.
We all sat down at the dining room table to almost eat formally. As formally as you could with two drunk cousins trying to steer the conversation. Which to be honest did not make a lot of sense and repeated itself quite a bit.
When we were done Tina, Amy and I all promptly lit up. We chatted for a bit and when we finished the cigarettes and calmed down our cravings we began. Well, we would have done, but I needed to the use the bathroom, and then Tina did too. I should in hindsight have been gentlemanly and let Tina go first.
"It's now time Vicky." Tina announced with almost sober intent as she staggered back from the bathroom. It was obvious on her jean trousers that probably due to me that she had been late again and at a guess had not actually used the toilet.
"Can't I maybe get a little bit drunk first?" she asked taking a sip of her wine. "I am like real sober here?"
Tina shook her head "No, I think its best that you need to learn sober first." She demanded, coughed, and sighed. "Even if I'm very drunk!" she shook her head as her hand was distracted stroking her wet crotch.
"But we can get way drunker for the few after." Amy interjected taking a large gulp of her wine
"The after ones?"
Tina tried to be serious. "I don't hang out with non-smokers as you can see." As if to make her point her wet hands fumbled with the pack, until she got a cigarette between her lips. It was finally lit up. "If you are not a smoker, we can't be friends." Tina stated with a barrage of exhaled smoked all over Vicky.
Vicky didn't say anything, she gulped and stared at her wine glass.
Tina continued "You're so gonna smoke three cigarettes this evening. I'll give you a gum after each one so you can get rid of the rather nice taste." She almost cackled.
"Ok." Vicky said quietly as continued like a fish out of water gulping for air. She clearly wasn't happy about this. "What do I have to do?"
Tina smiled at Vicky and then looking at her hand "Here you go." She giggled as she tossed the pack of mentholated cigarettes over to her. "Take one out, put it in your lips and light it. It's actually very simple. You're gonna love it pretty soon, I promise!" She took a long drag of her own cigarette at that point, exhaling into the space between them.
Vicky nervously held the pack, and then fumbling eventually opened it took a cigarette out and put the filter between her lips; she lit it, took it out of her mouth and blew a puff of smoke out. Pulling a face in disgust.
The girls then spent the next few minutes in great detail explaining to her how to inhale, which, suddenly to Tina and Amy was frustrating because like driving a car they had been doing it for so long they couldn't even remember learning it. But after a few puffs and coughs, Vicky got it. She choked and coughed and wanted to stop and gulped her wine. However, Tina wouldn't let her stop. She had an aim and as such she forced her to finish the whole cigarette, right down to the filter. When Vicky did, she looked green and complained that she felt woozy and sick. Then Tina poured a round of shots for everyone, served us all beers and gave Vicky a nicotine gum, which she gladly accepted. Hoping it was freshening the taste in her mouth.
Vicky sat there chewing on a fresh bit of gum "This gum tastes weird." She said chewing away.
"That's because of the cigarette you smoked. I promise that you'll get used to it." Tina said dragging hard on her cigarette her cheeks caving as she inhaled deep into her fucked lungs.
Amy was just sitting there silently smoking slowly and surely, smiling drunkenly at the whole thing. We all sat there drank a couple more beers, Amy and Tina chain lit cigarette, after cigarette the whole time. After a while they finally determined that it was time for Vicky's second cigarette.
"I don't want to. Not yet please." She groveled.
"It is your time again, Vicky." Tina practically growled as demanded looking for a non-existent clock before banging her arm on the table, she was already pretty tipsy, seeing as she had spent the whole day drinking. I was realizing she now must have a very high tolerance for alcohol, but only was it finally starting to kick in. She rubbed her arms then took a long drag from her cigarette and stared at her "Light her up!" she demanded as smoke poured out of her mouth twisting and turning as it was punctuated by tongue moving.
Vicky gulped and then followed instructions. She didn't inhale on first drag; she exhaled the smoke instantly from her mouth. Tina tutted and scolded her for it. So, for her second try she inhaled a little, and though she didn't cough, you could tell she wasn't enjoying it. She pulled a face of disgust. Looking on I so wanted her to be able to enjoy it, but I was also loving the opportunity to see someone get addicted to the delightful pleasure of smoking step by step. I wish I could remember my journey!
Vicky slowly finished her cigarette in silence and as she stubbed it out then Tina poured another round of shots, and with them downed, she instantly offered Vicky another piece of gum, which she readily accepted.
We drank a few more rounds. Amy and Tina were inhaling more frantically the drunker they got as the night carried on. I kept noticing details about their smoking that kept making everything sexier. At one point Amy was so drunk she almost lit a cigarette backwards, but Tina noticed and grabbed it from her mouth just in time.
"Tha was a clooothe one" she said "I haaaate seeing a cigawettre go to wasthe." Tina stated pointing at Amy.
"I knoooow, right?" Amy said as she exhaled.
"I thing Vicks iss time for your next ciggie." Tina said before laughing, which turned into a short coughing fit. When she was done, she took another long drag.
"Oookaaay." Vicky nodded drunkenly. She spit out her gum into the ashtray and popped her lips forward. Tina unsteadily guided a cigarette into her mouth and then helped her light it. Vicky took a drag and exhaled. She smiled. "I didn't notice that nice buzz before." She said. "It's pretty nice. You are so naughty; you so should have gotten me drunken first." She slurred.
"I don't want you smoking just when you're drinking." Tina said, suddenly her thoughts sobering up. "You're going to be one of us. She said pointing her cigarette around the room. We were all smoking at that exact moment. It almost seemed choreographed.
"But I don't want to be..." she trailed off, realizing she had promised not to say anything negative.
"Don't worry; pretty soon you won't want to be caught without cigarettes."
"That's what I'm afraid of." Vicky said blowing a short stream of smoke.
"Trust me, after a while you really won't care." Tina said blowing out a large cloud of smoke threw her nose and mouth, putting out her spent cig in the ashtray and very quickly extracting another one from the pack.
"Oh."
Chapter 11
The next day we all as expected, we all woke up coughing and groaning, why we do it to ourselves I don't know. The effect of being extremely hungover again was not fun. We just could light our cigarettes quick enough. Tina and I were laying our feet entangled with each other under her duvet, we were both there, all loved up, smoking in her bed, it was bliss. Then we heard after the coughing fit in the room next door followed by the click of Amy's lighter.
I got up after my first cigarette and staggered to the bathroom for my morning urgent piss. I had drunk far too much. Before I moved, I needed to light my second cigarette. I walked out into the living room and noticed that Vicky had passed out fully clothed on the couch. She looked calm and peaceful asleep. She was really pretty. Even with bed head and dribbled saliva down her cheek. I know Tina was sad that she didn't smoke anymore cigarettes after those three. But had still kept drinking and she chewed on nicotine gum all night non-stop.
I staggered half asleep my cock hanging out of my boxers into the bathroom with the door wide open to discover Amy naked sitting on the toilet seat her elbows and arms digging into her chubby legs supporting her hungover head as she sat with a dangled cigarette between her lips. The initial shock meant she sat up showing me her equally gorgeous and large breasts and bulging belly. Her belly was so large and her thighs fat enough to cover her pubis. We giggled at the situation, especially as she a loudly farted as she groaned as she continued her morning constitutional. I soon backed out the way. I really did not want to see any more.
I was polite enough to wait for her to finish, I found some air spray, and sprayed the bathroom. Made it bearable. I was not surprised that she did not mind me briefly watching. It had happened before. She even remembered to flush before I then did my business.
The commotion had stirred Vicky to wake up with her own croaking coughing fit.
"Ugh, I need a drink and some of that amazing gum. My mouth tastes of cigarettes." groaned licking her lips. I gave her some of the secret nicotine gum from the table.
"Yes, the gum should help?" I suggested as I helped her sit upright on the sofa.
"Much better" She said between chews as she unsteadily got up and shuffled towards the bathroom.
"Hungover?" I asked.
"Yeah, the worst, my head is throbbing, and my guts are churning." She said holding her head and stomach whilst screwing her face up between chews.
"Go to the bathroom and I'll get you some aspirin."
I went into the bedroom to ask Tina where aspirin was. I know I should know, but I don't. Tina was just out of bed, dangling a cigarette and bent over rummaging in her clothes draws. I just had to grab her very naked and spectacularly huge arse in my hands and squeeze her overly ample buttocks, my fingers may have accidentally slid in her wet pussy, she squealed with pleasure and then hacked a cough, but hey ho. Her buttocks have always been a handful. Now the large fat dimpled ones make my hands look small.
"Oi, I will pee in the bedroom!" she playfully squealed and turned round and removed her cigarette and gave me an amazing smoke-filled kiss.
It broke and she shuffled back around and started looking in the drawers
"You know I won't complain!" I giggled as I groped her breasts and kissed her again.
"I know you won't!" she then wiggled her bare buttocks as she rummaged in the drawer.
"You know me too well Tina!"
She then batted my hands away from holding her stomach and breasts and turned around and looked at me with a cheeky grin. "It's a Saturday, right, and its hot, let's go to the beach today!" Tina announced as she produced a small bit of fabric that I assumed was her swimming costume from the bottom drawer. Let's be truthful here. It's her beach cossie. There is no chance she would swim anywhere.
"Are you sure?"
"I think it'll be easier to get Vicky smoking if we keep her distracted with drinking and get some sun on our skin. Also, we have to stay on top of her. If she has too much time to think about this, she is gonna quit on us!" She mused before hurriedly taking another drag on her cigarette
"How did you become so gorgeous and calculating?" I asked, smiling as I paused as she took a long drag, I then pounced and gave her a kiss before she could exhale, and for the three seconds I kissed her she held it in her lungs and then she blew out the smoke all over me. It was delightful. I am so lucky.

***

"Vicky! We're going to the beach!" Tina announced as she strode into the living room in just a pair of fluorescent green thong bikini bottoms, the top was hanging down from fingers of her left hand. Her amazingly huge belly, buttocks and breasts were bouncing and juddering as she confidently strode into the living room hiding her thumping hangover. The only clue was that she had to pause to inhale on her cigarette. She could not multitask.
Vicky shook her head "I think I'm just gonna go back to bed. I need to sleep!" she moaned whilst still chewing frantically on the gum I had given her.
"Don't be silly, you're coming along. It will be good fun, and you can sleep on the beach, make sure you bring cigarettes."
"Ugh." The green face of Vicky almost matching the bikini of Tina moaned and held her stomach.
Amy came out of her room in a fluorescent yellow bikini set that clearly matched Tina's green set, dangling a cigarette, furiously inhaling, and surrounded by a thick cloud of smoke.
She exhaled then coughed a deep cough her belly and breasts also bounced jiggled in the minimal bikini top she was wearing as she announced, "I'm coming too.".
From the kitchen I heard the click and the fizz of a can open I turned my head. Tina had started the day by opening a can of beer; guess I was driving them to the beach then,
"Just my breakfast" Tina announced, licking her lips of the beery froth, and then smiling, then burping loudly. She then walked over to Vicky, holding the can and cigarette in the same hand, and announced. "Get ready. You're gonna smoke 5 cigarettes today."
"Like hell am I, I am just not, my mouth tastes like shit, and my throat hurts." Vicky moaned still frantically chewing the nicotine rich gum.
"Then chew more gum. Its fine, that's what it's for. My mom told me it would help!" Tina suggested and gave Vicky another strip which she then popped into her mouth. Now she was chewing two at once. I smiled at the fact it was now double the dose of nicotine flowing around her blood stream. She might get addicted quicker than I originally contemplated.
With Tina and Amy drinking beers and Vicky chewing like there was no tomorrow. I got my orders to pack the car as the three of them sat there in the living room, talking and smoking doing nothing useful while I got the filled the cooler with ice blocks, beer and wine and put all the chairs blankets and vast quantities of cigarettes into the car.
"Hurry up!" Tina told me, as I scuttled around the house like a slave as smoke was pouring from her mouth. Amy was opening her second beer and Vicky was popping a third piece of gum into her mouth by the time I was finally done.
It was hard work climbing up and down the stairs carrying all their stuff. I needed a sit down and a cigarette. I told he the car was packed.
"Finally, everyone down!" Tina grumbled with annoyance getting up from the sofa and marching to the kitchen. "But I need to piss!" She announced as she reached the fridge. As there was the tale-tell sign of her wetting herself yet again as there was splattering on linoleum floor. She shrugged her shoulders. She did not care. All she cared about was drinking and smoking.
I watched the waterworks show as it flowed from her crotch wicked across her bare buttocks and trickled down both sides of her chunky thighs and on to the floor creating a puddle where she stood. I then lit my own cigarette, she looked at me with puppy dog eyes as if I was going to pass it to her. I kept it for myself. I actually needed the nicotine myself. I then helped her put her bikini top on and then she threw on an extra-large t-shirt over that. She needed that size to act as a dress.
"We gotta fix her." Tina said, taking a drag as she got in the passenger side door.
"I know." I said, also taking a drag.
"You know the best way to not smell the smoke is to smoke one yourself." Tina said to Vicky on the way over.
"Give me a break; I'm still smoked out from last night." Vicky said frantically chewing.
"Have a beer then." Tina offered as she opened the fridge and pulled out a can. She then lumbered over and offered it to Vicky, who gratefully accepted. I could tell she didn't want it, but she spat out the gum out the car window, opened the can, and as it fizzed it filled the car with the smell of warm beer. She then reluctantly drank from the open can. I know she didn't want Tina to keep pushing her. Amy kept smoking in silence.
Luckily it was an hour-long drive. Enough time for the girls to drink another can of beer. My car was getting to smell like a pub toilet. Boy was it hot. I dropped Tina and Amy off at the entrance to the beach with all the food, drinks, and the beach gear while I drove with Vicky to get a car parked up, at least she was still willing to walk.
The car park was huge, and rather full as the weather was hot, everyone was here. It took us a while to find a space, then unload and then get back to the beach. When we reached where I dropped them, they hadn't moved they were still there sitting on the cooler, smoking, drinking and from the large puddle on the floor from clearly one of them pissing.
"What took you so long?" Asked Amy, before coughing but she recovered by taking a massive drag, and long sip of beer, crushed the can and threw it against the wall, the opposite direction to the bin.
"Its busy out there. You guys couldn't take everything on to the beach?" I asked, annoyed, stopping to light my own cigarette. I needed that cigarette.
"It's all far too heavy to lift, we both agreed that can't do it ourselves and we need your help." Tina huffed through a talking exhale.
"Ok." I sighed tutting and then instantly hitting on my cigarette again. "Can you take those?" I pointed to the four the light metallic framed deck chairs leaving the coolers full of food and beers to me and Vicky. It was not a long walk down on to the beach and the soft sand. It was a long sandy beach; we could have gone anywhere. We walked about ten paces along the soft sand. It was too much like hard work for the fat girls in the hot sun.
We all paused to take a breath and light another cigarette. I spotted a space a little further along. With much grumbling we went another twenty difficult grumbling paces before we settled down, I had to open the deck chairs, the girls found it little too difficult in their lethargic beer full condition.
The t-shits were removed showing off the ill-fitting bikinis on Tina and Amy now on display. Their large fat bellies hanging over the small fabric on the crotch practically resting on their equally fat thighs. The skinny Vicky looked stunning in her red and white floral all in one suit. It fitted her curves beautifully. Compared to Tina and Amy with their large stretch marked white bellies on show. Both women had smallest of fabric triangles only just about maintaining their modesty of their nipples on the public beach, whilst not really functioning at either containing or holding up their large heavy sagging breasts.
You cannot help but stare, hell I know those breasts, I know every blue vein, I have covered them in kisses, but staring at them in that tiny bikini top is something else. You almost will the triangle of fabric to move. With the chairs set out, the girls soon sat down. Tina and Amy were almost too big for the chairs. Their hips squished against the metal handles. It was both embarrassing and rather sexy.
They of course were sitting down on their deck chairs drinking from the beer cans and exhaling their smoke. Once we all got settled Tina coughed as she got ready to make her announcement, the cough, shifted the triangle so her nipple of her right breast was now on full display. Did I make that happen?
The girls and I looked across at her. She smiled "It's that time to smoke again Vicky!" Tina stated then swallowed another gulp of beer. She then brought her hand to her lips took yet another deep drag on her cigarette. "Let me light it for you, it will be tricky with the wind at the beach."
Vicky reluctantly took out her cigarette pack from her bag and gave it to Tina, who quickly lit a fresh cigarette using her current one sheltering both tips with her hands and gave the freshly lit cigarette back to her. This time, Vicky inhaled without needing any reminders. She sat there focused and kept smoking the cigarette obediently and quietly.
After twenty minutes Amy crushed her beer can in her first, then burped loudly before she loudly announced to anyone listening "Fuck I need a piss!" She coughed and groaned as she got out of the chair and her thong was so twisted it now looked like a G-string lost between the voluptuous bouncing white skin of her huge wobbling buttocks as slowly as she unsteadily plodded down to the sea. With a bit of stumbling, she eventually sat down on the shore as the waves washed over her and turned and smiled back at us. Tina laughed, coughed again and tutted and with the tip of her finger just pulled her fluorescent green bikini bottoms to the side revealing her delightfully full on hairy unshaved bush, sighed with her exhale as there was a gentles splattering on to the chair before a jet shot across in front of her almost reaching the backs of people in front, as the flow quickly subsided, she released her finger shrugged as the elastic pinged back and letting the fluorescent fabric the crotch darken and wet once more as she focused on inhaling on her cigarette. "It will dry in a minute!" she declared with the exhale. She really did not care!
Looking at these girls, all bright white, you could dream of what they looked like with deep dark skin kissed skin of a European tan.
Amy slowly came back up the beach each step was with a large breath as she was panting from walking the relatively short distance. She had to rearrange both her top and her bottoms before lowering herself down in the chair. We all looked at her as there was a loud shriek as the cheap metal frame of the chair gave way under her weight. Amy flung her arms in the air as she and the chair collapsed into a heap on top of the sand.
At first, we all laughed and pointed, and then eventually I got up, and helped her off the floor. The good friend I was I offered her my chair, and I sat on the towel.
At that moment Vicky suggested to everyone that she was going to walk across the beach use the public toilets, as she had a little more dignity. I nodded in agreement, then lit a cigarette for me and then the gentleman I was, I got off the uncomfortable hot sand and carrying the broken deck chair to throw in the bins walked with her. Out of sight of the two cousins she grinned at me and offered me her hand, I took it and we walked hand in hand to the toilets and the bins. I bought her an ice cream once she had come out. Our little secret, the others wouldn't need to know.
She is a lovely girl; I am not sure why she really wants to hang out with Tina and Amy. She just was a pleasant person. It was good spend time alone with her.
When we got back, I did discover that I had one other the rather important job on the beach. Rather than just opening beers cans. It was probably the best job ever. That of regularly covering the girls in suntan cream. Both Tina and Amy let me be a bit more adventurous with my fingers. When out of the chairs and lying on their fronts they didn't want their rather white buttocks to burn in their rather small thongs. My fingers made sure they didn't.
When on their backs. It's amazing how big their bellies are and how large their inner thighs are when massaging cream into them. Like huge walls of skin. You need a lot of cream, and you have to be vigorous. My fingers only entered Tina's vagina once, honestly. They slipped with the cream, and she did not complain. I blame the slippage because I was being bathed in her exhaled smoke.
With Vicky, I just did her back. She did her arms, legs, and regrettably even when tipsy later on, her inner thighs all by herself.
I was not shocked as the day went on that the three girls within an hour of being in the sun, rather than going red-pink like the pigs they were, started to go that lovely dark mahogany colour as if they had been tanning for weeks, rather the first time out of the house for potentially days. I smiled at the tanned girls. My perverse thoughts in the bizarre world can have some positive changes.
The day whilst relaxing was hot and sticky. It was spent with the girls continuing to get drink with having a constant flow of drinks and the cigarettes and an endless stream of urine from the crotch. The third time the jet gushed across the sand, I just ignored the drunk Tina she was trying to show off in competition with Amy.
Vicky and I just kept trapsing across the beach to the public toilets. Even if towards the end, I had to hold the rather tipsy Vicky up, as she kept stumbling over on the uneven sand. She appreciated my help that is for sure.
However, with the sun, sea and sexy smoking girls who needed to be continually massaged with sun cream meant the day passed quickly but with only one short visit to the water's edge to attempt some actual drunken swimming. Neither Amy or Tina strayed too far from their cigarettes or beer. The swim lasted about a minute before they needed to stagger back up the beach and sit back down on the chairs to drink and smoke again.
Vicky was good to Tina and smoked at least three of the requested cigarettes at the beach, but Tina forced her to smoke one on the way back to the house.
The two cousins were far too drunk and too lazy to help us move the much lighter equipment back to the car. Vicky, whilst tipsy was an amazing if slightly giggly as help.
The car stank of sun cream, beach, sand, cigarettes, and that awful nagging smell of urine. It was hard to concentrate on the road as the girls were drunk, loud, and boisterous. Why they had to keep showing off their tan lines to each other was beyond me. It was difficult not to keep looking in the rear-view mirror as the breasts were continually revealed and compared. But I got us back safely.
When we got back to the house, rather than as I suggested that everyone goes to have a shower to wash off the sand. Amy and Tina with a loud groan instantly sat their fat piss wet and sand covered asses on the couch, still in their wet bikini's opened another beer and carried on drinking and smoking cigarettes as if they were still on the beach while Vicky kindly helped me and did the donkey work and unloaded everything from the car.
Before the rather smoked out, drunked out Vicky said goodbye for the day Tina staggered around the lounge in just her bikini bottoms and forced her to smoke a 5th cigarette. Vicky dutifully agreed. Five minutes later it was stubbed out, Tina triumphantly nodded with satisfaction.
"Vicky, you have to smoke at least 3 cigarettes every day. No matter what- one when you wake up in the morning, one right after lunch, and at night you will come here and smoke a third. Every time you light a cigarette, I want you to send me a WhatsApp of you smoking, and one of you putting the butt out. Vicky you must always remember to always chew gum right after you stub it out while you get used to the taste. Take the carton with you."
Vicky didn't say anything; she just left with her bag covered in sand, resigned to her growing addiction fate.
Chapter 12
I was starting to notice that since coming back from her parent's house, Tina had not slowed her smoking down to what I guessed was normal. She was continuously smoking at least three packs a day. And Amy seemed to be following suit. I also noticed that they seemed to be breathing heavily, like if they had just come from a jog. Smoking was clearly already having an effect on their lungs. I sat down to join them for a few cigarettes before bed.
By the time I woke up the next day Tina was already up smoking. The sheets were full of ashes and the ashtray was overflowing.
"Are you ok?" I asked.
"I had a nightmare; I woke up and then I could fall back asleep." She replied, smoke coming out as she spoke. She instantly hit the cigarette again, not even finishing exhaling before taking another drag. She was surrounded by a heavy cloud of smoke.
"Wanna talk about it?" I asked.
"I can't talk; I need to keep smoking until I calm down." She announced. I decided to light up and join her as she continually lit cigarette after cigarette. She smoked an entire pack before we got out of bed that day. We did not make it that far, we sat on the sofa. She didn't slow down at all. She checked on Vicky's WhatsApp and saw that she was in fact following the rules. But she kept smoking rapidly. Amy walked out of her room exhaling a huge cloud of smoke, got a beer out of the fridge and joined us in the living room. She saw how Tina was smoking and shrugged her shoulders. "You need to smoke two at once today, at our level that's the only way for you to calm down."
Tina didn't even say anything, she just lit up a second one, and kept on smoking.
Amy turned to me and said "Make sure she keeps smoking like that all day. It's what she needs. It's her medicine." She took another drag herself and took a sip of beer. "I better go get ready I have work in an hour." She chugged the rest of the beer in one and put the can on the coffee table and went to her room.
I nodded and lit up another cigarette. When did Amy work, and where? Things were still shifting again.
Amy did look rather stunning when she finally got dressed in her bar clothes of low-cut top with a Wonderbra lifting and separating her huge breasts, added with a black short mini skirt and heels she headed off to work.
I spent that entire Sunday sitting on the sofa with Tina both of us were very naked, we sat there watching the music channels in a daze. I was just watching her in awe of her ability to sit there and eat like a horse, drink beer like fish and chain smoke like a chimney, she was completely lost in a trance she hadn't bothered to get dressed. She did not move, for hours I was her slave. I got her the food and drink she wanted, she lit the cigarettes she needed and pissed where she sat, she was a complete utter messy disgusting slob. It was amazing. She was my utterly disgusting slob. I loved it.
As expected, that night Vicky came over to smoke her rationed cigarette. Totally did not flinch that we were sitting there naked. It was pretty uneventful otherwise, but I did notice that she was constantly chewing on the nicotine gum.

***

A little later that night as Tina had passed out some time ago, so I was sitting there watching TV as Amy got back from work at the bar, and she was completely wasted she had clearly got lots of tips. After struggling to open the door she stumbled in, took a sip from a bottle she was carrying and then had yet another deep drag from her cigarette, said something unintelligible as she walked sideways colliding with the opposite wall, away from her room.
I got up off the sofa and helped her as she was busy giggling at her inability to walk straight and get through her bedroom door. She was not that fat she could not get through the door. I got up off the couch and helped her go to the bathroom, she needed help undressing anyway. I then helped her into her room. She played with my cock for a bit, and then got distracted and fell onto her bed. I pulled her bedsheet over her the best I could and left her to it.
Tina must have smoked four packs that day at least. That night, she coughed a lot more than usual. (Even her lungs weren't used to so much smoke) until she finally fell asleep.
The next day I woke up and sadly had to go to work, but before leaving I got to see Vicky's morning WhatsApp on Tina's phone. She was apparently getting used to smoking, she certainly looked more comfortable doing it. She seemed to be soft of hiding in a corner, and not smoking publicly. But she was progressing.
Chapter 13
Work was rather exciting, and eventful, after lunch I had to give an important file to Bonnie that I needed her to sign before I could send it back to the customer. I would have asked Molly to do it for me, as she was always going to and fro the two offices. I had been mid trying to write and email and she had bizarrely without saying anything had disappeared. It was highly unusual for her. She normally told me step by step exactly what she was doing or often what inane things she was thinking.
I swiftly found the reason she had vanished. When I knocked on the door and heard a shout of yes, it had a very different meaning. As I found both Bonnie naked on desk her slim legs wide apart with Molly's blonde hair bobbing up and down between her thighs licking, kissing, and grunting.
They clearly did not mind me watching for a few minutes, I certainly did not mind, it was extremely enjoyable, especially when Bonnie who was sweating and panting seductively beckoned me over with her little finger. When I came over, I put the document down on the chair, she grabbed my hand. After kissing both of them, and getting fondled and groped, I stood there with yet another large boner in my trousers. As not really knowing what to do, I then backed out of the way and left them to it.

***

I sat back at my desk trying to focus on work and remove my hard on as the sheepish Molly eventually came back still adjusting what little clothing she had on. With a big grin she kissed me, letting me taste both her and Bonnie before drinking her coffee. The both of us could not help but stifle our giggles for the rest of the afternoon.
That evening after work I went straight to Tina's, I genuinely surprised that Tina had managed to get dressed, if only in her elasticated jogging bottoms which had a large damp spot on her arse and large grey t-shirt with drink spillages down. I wiped clean the sofa of cigarette ash and put a towel over the damp patches and stains on the carpet and sat down beside her.
She held my hand and looked at me with concern. And with a couple of beers, I finally teased out her what last night's nightmare was.
"Every night I keep dreaming that I am this other person. I don't smoke, I don't drink. I am a good girl, as all I do is study. I don't get along with my parents. You and I are like properly broken up; I don't talk to my friends. I'm depressed and unhappy." She took frequent drags while telling the story.
"But that's just a dream baby." I said and comforted her with my arm around her shoulders. Squeezing us together. She reeked of alcohol and cigarettes.
"It feels too real. I'm starting to wonder which world is real and which one is a fantasy. It's seriously fucking me up." She said, following it up with a deep drag.
I was starting to feel the same way, but I didn't want to say anything. I had to get some answers; I was starting to think this fantasy world I was living in might collapse on itself. But where could I find that magic old lady?
Chapter 14
That week due to work and other commitments my life still did not completely stand still. I wanted to have sex and live the hedonistic lifestyle. However, there was pressure at work. As we had to keep stopping for cigarette breaks, and Molly was spending more and more time in Bonnie's office. Things were piling up. Getting work done was not helped with Molly equally wearing very little and smoking lots and stopping work and wanting to kiss me on regular occasions. When she would come back after spending half an hour with Bonnie, she still so turned on that she would want to play with me, and then give me an occasional blow job as a way of dealing with my now raging hard on.
We had a huge print run to do, so unfortunately, I was working late, with Molly which was fun. I am sure that during that week her skirt got shorter and shorter. It was practically only a belt by Friday. I was so turned on; what little professionalism we had went out the window.
She had got in the habit of sitting on the edge of her desk and flashing me her knickers, well after visiting Bonnie, she tended not wear any. I was so turned on. That's when she would go down on me. I didn't get another chance to see Tina until Friday. I enjoyed the week of sleeping in my own bed. But I talked to her Facetime a lot, and she sounded calmer. I kept going over in my head different ways in which to find the old lady, to sort this world out but in the meantime, I wanted to know how Vicky was progressing. So that night I suggested to Tina that she invited all the girls out for drinks.
When I got to Tina's, they told me that we were all drinking, including me, so we should get a cab.
I was pleased, I did not run the risk of driving under influence, also it was impressive, as for they had for the first time in ages tried, it may have been a drunken fueled attempt as the makeup was particularly garish, but all three were in fitted dresses. For Amy and Tina in their red and green dresses which will have been at least a couple of sizes too small as their figures were definitely straining the seams and zip as when they moved the whole dress creaked. When looking sideways showed off their stunning breasts and huge bulging bellies, that were equally cantilevered by their backsides. In the tight dress, definitely made them looked almost pregnant. It has to be said my eyes were distracted as it did make their large full breasts look amazing though. As for Vicky she looked stunning with her contrasting petite frame with her hourglass figure. She looked lovely in her little black dress and Tina had proudly announced that she was already smoking her third cigarette.
"Ok, Vicky tonight cause were gonna be drinking lots you have to smoke at least three more cigarettes. If you want more that's ok too." She looked at her hand and counted out her three chubby fingers.
"I doubt I will." Vicky replied.
"We'll see about that" Tina informed.
Vicky stubbed out her spent butt and said somewhat exasperated "Where's my gum?! I need some gum right now!"
"Oh, I'm sorry, I think I took it by mistake." Tina said with a grin. She had clearly hidden it to test Vicky's addiction so far. She handed the pack across, and Vicky angrily took a piece and started frantically chewing.
They poured themselves a new round of sangria, Amy and Tina lighting their cigarettes practically continually.
An hour later after negotiating the Uber app and waiting for a car. Unsurprisingly I was at the bar ordering drinks for the girls while Amy, Tina and Vicky waited in the deck outside as they were obviously smoking. They were annoyed on the Uber ride over that they couldn't smoke, it was all of a 15-minute drive. But they were catching up on their nicotine, they were sitting outside talking while Vicky sat there quietly, chewing whilst looking a little annoyed.
When I got back outside with the drinks, they were discussing their favorite times to smoke cigarettes.
"The best ones are like the first five of the morning." Tina said confidently.
"I love the first few after eating." Said Amy
"Or the ones right after sex." Tina said looking at me lovingly with her big yellow teethed smile.
"At least you are getting some!" Amy suggested looking at me Tina grinned agreed nodding.
"I can share him if you want, he is fucking amazing?" Tina gregariously suggested. I went bright red at the thought.
"Oh, that sounds amazing Tina!" Amy replied and glanced at me and then pulled on her cigarette.
"I just love smoking so much." Tina suggested "it's hard to pick a favorite cigarette time, they're all perfect in their own way."
"Ain't that the truth." Amy said, swiftly lighting up another cigarette.
"That being said, it's time for you to have another ciggie Vicky." Tina loudly stated.
"I am happy not smoking, can't we do some shots first?" Vicky countered.
"I have just ordered a round; they should be coming soon." I suggested.
"Smoke now and you get the shot as a reward when you're done." Amy pitched in.
"Fine" Vicky reluctantly said. She spit out her gum and putting it in the ashtray, she extracted her menthol and lit up, pulling hard on the cigarette.
I turned to Tina and whispered in her ear "How much gum is left?"
"I checked her pack, at her pace, maybe a week?"
"You might need to refill her, I'm not sure two weeks is enough time to get addicted. I read somewhere it takes 21 days to get addicted to anything."
"Hmm, ok, I'll buy some more tomorrow." She grinned. I knew she wasn't going to move from the sofa. She meant I would have to get it for her.
Vicky was already smoking like she knew what she was doing. She still looked uncomfortable and slightly awkward with it, but other than that she looked like a natural.
"Oh my god, yes, I need smoke. Where are the drinks? I'm thirsty. This place is great, lets us smoke a few cigarettes and then go dance." Amy suggested her shoulders moving out of time to the piped music on the veranda without physically dancing.
"Or we can dance here and keep smoking." Tina suggested.
Vicky sighed loudly and looked at Tina almost begging her not to.
"Ah Vicky, yes, its again time for you to smoke another cigarette." Tina determined.
"That's smart idea." Amy encouraged.
"But I literally just smoked one?" Vicky moaned looking at the cigarette in the ashtray in front of her.
"Don't argue, I said its time, so its time." Tina demanded and then dragged hard on her cigarette; the filter popped from her red lips as she pulled so hard on it.
With the music being piped on to the decking Tina and Amy drunkenly danced in their seats, downed their drinks, and of course smoked, as the glasses were quickly empty, I went to get order a round.
Then another round.
Then another, and another, followed by one more.
"Isss time for yourrr thirrdd ciggyy" said Tina to Vicky, when I came out and placed the new drinks on the table. Vicky had just put out her second cigarette.
"But I just finished that one." Vicky wined pointing triumphantly at the butt in the ashtray.
"Bu' you won't get addictttteeed at that pace." Tina demanded, blowing out her exhaled smoke as she spoke
"And that's good?" Vicky questioned. "I don't want to be addicted?"
"Nooo that's very terrible. You'reeee gonnna need to smoke as many ash ten tonight" she demanded gesturing both hands out wide for all ten of her fat fingers whilst dangling the cigarette in her lips and stumbling back. "Or you go home now." She waved her hand dismissively.
Vicky sighed and bowed her head and with a deep breath nodded and obeyed and finally lit up. As the night progressed and we all got drunker and before she got glared at Vicky naturally started to look for her pack and light up with the others every now and again, without being prompted, but I don't believe she reached the ten-cigarette goal set by Tina. Neither of them could remember by the end of night, they were so fucked up on alcohol they couldn't count to two let alone ten.
By the time we left the pub the three of them could barely walk and Tina had a great idea of squatting in the middle of the street for a pee. Whilst forgetting on purpose to lifting the hem of her dress. As she squatted her fat thighs there was an almighty loud crack as she ripped the seam of the dress leaving a gaping hole by the zip as she pissed through her dress. She did not notice or care that she was splattering urine everywhere, she just kept weeing. I helped her stand up and then we staggered home, with every stretched step the fabric kept ripping. It was hilarious after so many drinks.
They managed to walk home, which at first was strange request, these girls do not walk anywhere unless they have to, rather than get a taxi. They argued that they can smoke if they walk. Who was I to argue? It was probably the one thing that made sense amongst the drunken nonsense we were talking about.
We eventually got into the apartment, it felt like hours were we staggering around town. Once in the door, for some reason, all three girls asked me to help them undress. Literally my dream job. For Tina that was easy as she had ripped both her dress and had very wet knickers. They literally fell off. For Amy, I was a little more sensual. Vicky effectively helped me. Then one by one then got them both to the bathroom, at least in attempt to wash their teeth and visit the toilet. Three girls all pissing in front of me I was in heaven. I then lit them all one last cigarette before all three. They told me that really needed that last cigarette. Like always. Once the cigarette was finished and before I could get them into bed they passed out on the sofa naked. There was no way in this earth I was going to carry them to bed!
The next day I woke up alone on top of Tina's bed and headed to the living room to find Vicky, Amy, and Tina still on the sofa and still very naked. Tina had a cigarette in her left hands and a freshly opened beer in their right.
"Already?" I asked.
"It's Saturday, let's get fucked up again, it was fun last night." Tina stated. I wanted to complain, but I knew it was fun I decided not to fight it.
The weekend was a blur, truly no idea what happened. Well, smoking, drinking and sex occurred. But when, with who, in what position, and where, I really cannot remember.
Chapter 15
On Monday I was back at work, exhausted, from a lack of sleep, or even too much sleep. I really do not know. When I was taking the first important smoke break with Molly.
"You've been smoking quite a lot today." She asked as she hungrily dragged on her cigarette. "Rough weekend?" her hand delicately stroked my thigh.
"Yeah" I smiled at her.
She giggled with almost embarrassment "Me too, way too fun with Bonnie." She laughed.
"I noticed you were having fun the other day." I said rubbing my hand along her bare thigh which was squished close up to me.
"We are." Molly said almost dreamily. We both jumped as the door flung open, our hands returned to our own laps
Our heads both turned as Bonnie marched out in her crop top and leather skirt, coughed, then lit her cigarette, and jumped on the wall the other side of Molly as she exhaled. They kissed each other. Then she looked at both of us. "You'd two betters be extra creative today."
Molly and I looked at each other and then giggled. The rest of the day passed in a daze. I don't know how many cigarettes we smoked that day, but I know we got reprimanded more than once, so it must have been too much. I really don't know what I am doing any more.
When I got to Tina and Amy's, I was surprised to find Tina's parents were there. Her dad was as usual passed out drunk in the couch, and Lucy was this time topless wearing just her large granny knickers dancing and singing badly out of tune. She was stumbling all around the room in her own little silent disco with a beer in her left hand and a cigarette in her right. Tina and Amy were standing in just a long t-shirt in the kitchen doing shots and smoking up a storm.
When Lucy spotted my arrival, she stumbled towards me. I just about caught her. Trying and failing stop her lovely large breasts from colliding with my chest."
I could not cope with another all-nighter with the family. Especially after the weekend. My lungs and head needed space to escape.
I looked at my phone, then promptly made an excuse about an emergency at work and left the drunken mess of the house.
Chapter 16
On my way home, I had a thought, as such, I took a deep breath and decided to call Vicky. I was pleased that She answered straight away, and without much persuasion agreed to go to dinner with me, all under the pretense that I wanted to voice concerns about the current state of Tina and Amy. She luckily agreed with me that there might be a problem.
When I arrived to pick her up, she smelt delicious, of fresh shampoo and perfume with the overly good smell of a recent cigarette. Her hair was done nicely, and she was dressed in a gorgeous figure hugging fitted dress and it has to be said she has an amazing hourglass figure. She was seriously petite when compared to the extremely large pear shapes of Amy and Tina.
She invited me into her flat, just as she took the lasting drag on a cigarette before putting out.
"How's your smoking going?" I enquired. "You okay with it?"
She pensively took a deep breath "I think I'm now truly addicted." She stated in a regretful tone. "I can't go an hour without smoking. I'm always winded and tired but the cravings are killing me. Tina is making me smoke ten a day, but honestly, it's not enough. I need about 15 to get through my day, minimum."
As I extracted a cigarette from the pack in my jeans for myself, she offered to light it for me and then lit one for herself.
"Fuck Tina for turning me into this." She said, taking a deep drag "but oh god, I need it."
I agreed. After a brief conversation, I decided that we should head out. For ease, I took her to the same burger bar I took Tina what could only be days ago. I knew that the food is good and the beer cold. The company with beers with Vicky was nice too. She is a sensible sober girl.
Vicky and I smoked all through dinner. She finished her first pack of the day off and pulled out a second one from her purse.
"I really can't survive now without these." She said to me before flicking the lighter and lighting up. We flirted, we smiled at each other. It was fun. No emotional stress or angst. It was nice. It was pleasant. The conversation flowed; I found the evening ended too soon. She was different. She refused desert!
She was also a delightful young girl.
As I dropped her off, she paused in the passenger seat and looked at me "You never asked me about Tina?"
"It doesn't matter." I replied. Vicky dug into her purse, extracted yet another cigarette, and lit it, her exhale bounced against the windscreen, and she turned to me and smiled with the hint of smoke from her nostril.
"Come in for a night cap?" She asked with the nicest kindest genuine smile I had seen for ages. If I was standing, my knees would have gone weak. I far too quickly agreed.
We lay there naked on her sofa. Both of us smoking a post coital cigarette. My spare hand caressing her small B cup breasts as we looked at each other. It was a pleasant handful. There was no excess, just enough. She was delightful. "You need to know that there's that old Gipsy woman." She said pointing down the road with her cigarette "She keeps asking everyone if they know about some guy named Pete. I wonder if she means you." She said jokingly.
I kissed her once again and whilst stroking her pretty face, I told her she was being silly. As thoughts tumbled around in my head, I then between further kisses, made my rather pathic excuses of needing to get home, and hurriedly got dressed and headed back to the car. Even though it was dark, as drove off a little and to my surprise the old lady and the dog were exactly where they were last time. Just where Vicky said they would be. I parked up and got out, the dog, barked and ran over to me.
"I've been looking for you." I said as I kneeled down and stroked the dog.
"I know. I realized I never explained the rules of this universe to you." She wheezed standing on the pavement.
"What about the dreams me and Tina have been having?"
"It's just a little reminder of how things were." She wheezed "it helps keep things in perspective. Do not worry, nothing bad will come of the dreams."
"Ok that's good to know. But what do you mean by rules?"
"This entire world is based around your carnal desires and because of your peculiar fetishes; your thoughts and particular wants move the characters and their actions." She stated.
"I realize things have been getting out of control." I said.
"That's becauseyourdesires are all out of control. You need to get a grip and control them." Gipsy woman said. "Concentrate on what you want, and who you want. You can mediate anyone's addictions and desires. If you don't manage it, the whole universe will consume you, beyond your control and then." She wheezed, I waited on bated breath "It will collapse."
"I don't want that to happen, how do I know where to start?"
"Like I said, this universe is run by your personal desires. If you are conflicted by many aspects of this universe, and that will cause great instabilities. You need to resolve your internal conflicts, or you need a resolution to the damage that has been caused by your desires."
"How do I get back to reality?" I asked and with that a car drove past and the dog ran off in the opposite direction and the lady followed. I never got the answer.
Chapter 17
The next day when I woke up naked on the Tina's bed. I was surprised. Again, I was confused seeing I thought I had left Vicky's place and gone home to my own bed, yet I woke up naked back in Tina's bed.
I lay there staring at the ceiling contemplating thinking about what I wanted from the girls. I loved watching and touching the smoking piss-wet- drunk Tina and Amy as they are staggering around the room but was it right. Was it what I really wanted?
After three cigarettes, I suggested that Tina that we got up and had a shower. I had to help her up, she was still drunk. I thought it best that joined her, we only just fitted in the cubicle together. It was fun squeezing soap on her breasts and vagina. I thought was the easiest way for us both to get washed. She was moody but together we got her now rather hairy legs and armpits shaved.
I wiped down the table of ash, wine, and beer puddles, and then set about drinking a couple of mugs of black coffee. I clearly cannot get pleasure in this world from milk. Tina kept smoking heavily, but sitting on the sofa, she broke down crying.
I got up from the table and hugged on her on the sofa.
"I don't want or feel the need to do drink, but I may have to." She cried, sniffed, the coughed before lugging more smoke into her lungs.
"Why?" I asked, wondering what I had done wrong.
"I have been smoking so much, I can't keep it up unless I'm drunk. When I am drunk, I am lazy. I sit and eat and smoke, and smoke and smoke. My body still needs all that nicotine." She said, weeping, lighting up, and smoking as fast as she could.
"Baby, how much were you smoking?"
"I don't know I can't count anymore." Tears poured down her cheeks.
"Baby, you know you can smoke as many cigarettes as you can a day. But only when drunk, should you smoke more. I know that you can't go more than a few minutes without a cigarette." I realized I could channel my desires through my words, and nobody realized what I was doing.
All of a sudden, she relaxed, she finished her cigarette in a few deep drags.
I suggested that we needed to talk to Vicky too.

***

That evening we called by at Vicky's apartment, she came out and quickly lit a cigarette. A look of relief washed over her face.
"Where are we headed?" She asked, the smoke drifting from her mouth.
"Somewhere we can sit, drink, and smoke." Tina informed.
"Perfect." Vicky beamed her delightful smile and then pulled on her cigarette once again.
It was fun driving the car three windows down, two gorgeous girls smoking singing to the music on the radio.
We got our table at the deck outside of the bar. All three of us lit up as soon as we sat down.
"I see what you meant about living in the dorms." Vicky said, blowing a long plume of smoke. "It's hell not being able to smoke in there."
"I'm glad you understand." Tina said.
"I'm still pissed with you!" Vicky said, "My life was much simpler before I started smoking"
"But were you happier?" Tina asked, "You can now stay with us?"
"That would be great, I can't even work out anymore. I can't go that long without a smoke, and my lungs hurt when I run." Vicky groaned. "I've gained about ten pounds in the last month from sitting and doing absolutely nothing but eating and smoking."
"But are you now happy?" Tina kept asking.
Vicky shook her head, "It's not about being happy anymore, I don't care anymore. I just need to smoke." She tilted her head back and took a long drag as if to make her point. The plume of exhaled smoke drifting off into the sky.
"Have you told your mother yet?" I asked.
"No."
Tina smiled "You should, she's gonna be so proud." she claimed.
"I bugged her so much about her smoking. I'm afraid to face her." Vicky sighed, rubbed her lips together, and took yet another deep drag on the cigarette.
"She will love you for it, I promise." I said, 'for support'.
Life was good, I think I had got these two girls to be my rather perfect, chilled but heavy smokers. They looked goods together, really good.

***

When we arrived back at Tina and Amy's place, we were right back at square one. As we found a very naked Amy who eventually opened the door for us. She was covered in drink, ash, and goodness knows what else. She looked a mess, her eyes were glazed over, her hair was like a bird's nest. She wobbled uncontrollably backward to let us in and staggering as she giggled and then yelped as she promptly fell flat on her ass, fating loudly as she landed. She was completely wasted.
"Hiiiiiiii" Amy said between bursts coughs and laughter. As she sat on the floor, she took a drag from her cigarette and then tried to stand up, unsuccessfully. Instead, she sat back down and took another sip from her beer.
With some effort, as she is rather heavy, I helped her up, putting my hand around her soft rather sticky and squdgy hips and with a bit of grunt moved her to the sofa while Vicky and Tina sat down, giggled at each other and smoked. For some strange reason once Amy was dumped on the chair, I got her and me another beer, she certainly didn't need it, I did. But when I got back to the living room Tina and Vicky were making out on the couch.
"What the...?" I said ultra-confused. It was spectacular passionate kiss.
The lips separated and their replaced their tongues. "Why don't you hook up with Amy while I finish with Vicky here?" Tina said exhaling a plume of smoke, as she casually caressed Vicky's chest through her top.
I practically panicked. This was not quite what I expected.
I looked at the fat mess that was Amy, my cock started bouncing around in my trousers. I took a gulp of my beer and nodded. "If you say so?" I asked Tina's permission. She did not answer she was kissing Vicky again.
I put down the beer and pulled Amy back up off the sofa. I carried her to her room, stumbling the whole way. The room was disgusting mess. There was an overpowering smell of piss, puke, alcohol and potentially shit. The floor was definitely soaking my feet squelched, empty liquor bottles and crumpled up packs of cigarettes all over the floor. I let go of her and she stumbled over to her equally messy dressing table, leaning her elbows on it as she gulped from a bottle of vodka she had found. She was highlighting to me her overly fat wobbly ass and wet pussy. She banged the bottle back on the table and then turned taking a drag on her cigarette as stumbled back onto her bed. She dropped her spent cigarette on the carpet, it was so wet the cigarette just fizzled out.
The bed was filthy I just couldn't lie on it. She tried to light the next cigarette backwards and I had to help her get it right. She blew smoke straight into my face and gave me an intense and sloppy open mouth kiss she tasted delightfully disgusting. I stopped and then managed before we got too naked and uncomfortable on her bed to pull her into the sanctuary of Tina's room which whilst dirty was far cleaner and less sticky.
Amy was far more adventurous than Tina. The sex was somehow amazing. Amy was lethargic and very sloppy of course. She was drunk. But she was totally uninhibited and smoked and drank all throughout. We had to leave the bedroom eventually. She needed to piss yet again. We finally staggered out of her room and back into hers where she peed sitting on the end of the bed. We then passed out exhausted not caring how smelly or wet the bed was.
The next day, I woke up uncomfortable my arm was dead from Amy's body lying on it, my head then hurt as Amy's hacking morning cough started in vengeance. What made it worse was the bed was wet. Rather than lighting her cigarette her first priority was to take a swig from a bottle of vodka and then made the bed even wetter as she had her first pee of the day sitting on the bed. It stank, but I was impressed as it jetted across the sheets. Once she had stopped, she then asked me if I had anything to drink, I said no. And she huffed and naked shuffled and staggered out of her room desperate. She huffed as she carried a beer can and laid back down next to me not caring for damp mattress. She drank some more and smoked in silence. Finally, she turned to me and announced, "I really hate being sober!"
"I had noticed" was my reply.
As she before pausing to chain light yet another cigarette, "It's been so long since someone wanted to have sex with me" She said as the smoke poured out from between her lips "That was amazing." She leaned in and kissed me. "Nobody likes my lifestyle except for Tina."
I nodded "I think it's sexy. You don't have to change a thing about your lifestyle."
Her eyes tried to focus on me, "I need to get drunk." She stated swinging the bottle back to her lips and took another gulp before licking he lips.
"Yes, you do. Do your thing. But I can't as I have to go to work
Amy shrugged her shoulders and banged the bottle back on the tabletop, before picking up and opening a can of beer. "Okay." Amy said. "I hope we do this again." She smiled, flashing her stained yellow teeth at me attempting a big smile.
"I am sure we will." I replied. "I'll bring you some more strong booze after work, I am sure I will stop by. As I don't want you to ever have to be sober again."
Amy smiled and gave me another smoky, vodka, and beer laden kiss.
Outside the room Vicky and Tina were very much naked still snuggling together in the couch asleep. They had not made it to the bedroom during night. There was a spent butt in Tina's hand, resting over Vicky's mouth.
I stood there, hands on hips and actually contemplated if I could find a way to just spend my days here with them, wasting away, not having to work. Tina had clearly been gaining more weight since she was not really moving anywhere but continuing to eat and drink. I wasn't sure if I preferred her that fat, and out of shape. At least I could get the darkest side of my fetish fulfilled with Amy.
Chapter 18
I got to their house that afternoon to find all three girls only just dressed in their knickers plopped on the couch watching TV and drinking and smoking. The room stank. Firstly, one of them had clearly left a "present" on kitchen floor. These girls are acting more like fat cows every day. Sitting there chewing, pissing, and... anyway. That was a lovely thing to deal with after work. The air of the room with three unwashed, chainsmoking, heavy drinking women stank. Vicky and Amy were holding hands and looked completely disheveled and grubby, their hair matted and stuck to their faces like they had just finished a crazy round of sex. Tina had her hand under her belly, moaning loudly as she was busy playing with herself. Her rather obviously piss stained knickers had been pulled them down around her now thicker thighs near her knees. She was staring at her cousin and her friend who obviously just been kissing.
They each had an overflowing full ashtray in front of them.
It was truly a sight to behold. I dug out a plastic carrier bag from the cupboard under the sink and like dealing with a dog, dealt with the mess in the kitchen and then eventually finding some wipes cleaned the floor. It was filthy anyway.
Tina groaned in pleasure and then coughed a deep cough and spit out some phlegm on to the carpet not caring. Vicky saw it and just turned to Amy and kissed her right on the mouth. Amy let out a loud burp and giggled before loudly farting, and took the opportunity for a long drink from her beer, crushed the empty can in her hand then announced that she needed a piss she then she got up to go to the bathroom, stumbling, crashed into the coffee table knocking all the empty can, cigarettes butts from the ashtray over the table and then whilst leaning against the table farted repetitively again and then whilst giggling uncontrollably noisily peed where she sat. I was grateful she didn't shit where she was. It would mean cleaning the carpet there too.
With a seat vacated I double checked it before I sat down next to Tina, and I kindly lit both her and I a cigarette while she put hers out.
"Thanks baby I really needed it." She said taking the filter from my fingers, "I've had a really stressful day."
"From what?" I asked. She thought about it.
"I guess nothing." She giggled as she put her very moist hand on my leg "but I really needed it."
"You always do."
She smiled her sexy disgusting yellow teeth at me and kept smoking. Vicky chained into another cigarette. She was now smoking with reckless abandon.
"I'm so proud of my mother," she beamed, "she found what makes her happy in life. I never understood before I started smoking."
"It's good that you finally did." I said, aware that my words had a strong influence on everyone's actions in this universe. "Now it's important that you always smoke to honor her. It's the only thing that will make you truly happy."
"I know right?" She said, blowing out a huge exhale. "Smoking is the best thing that ever happened to me."
"Baby did you bring me any alcohol?" Amy asked me, as she grunted and groaned as she slowly climbed up off the floor and then fell on my lap, I then groaned under her heavy weight my trousers now damp from her non wiped still dripping piss wet buttocks.
I thought for a moment. Where had a driven on my way home from work. "Yes, of course I did!" I confirmed, "and I got everyone a carton of smokes too." I proudly announced. I attempted to move Amy's heavy weight from my growing hard on to talk to the others.
"You are good to us!" Tina replied.
"I got you a carton of Reds this time baby." I said to Tina. "I'm worried you're not smoking strong enough cigarettes."
Tina chuckled as she smiled. "You're so thoughtful, we've been talking. We want you to move in with us, with all three of us." She took a long nervous drag, as if concerned about my reaction.
I thought about it for about 2 seconds as Amy ran her hands down my thigh and grabbed my balls and caressed my crotch. "I would like that. But first, we all need a wash?"
"Pardon?"
"Amy when was your last shower?" I asked.
Amy giggled and farted again. "I have no idea." The other girls shrugged their shoulders.
"In that case, I think I shall I bath the three of you?" I asked, not sure where that thought came from, but it appeared.
With that I had three naked and, in my opinion, rather gorgeous women were all in the bath. It was a giggly jokey moment having all three together. It was if they were doing bobsled. In their case it was more blob-spread. Tina as at the back, then Amy and the smallest girl Vicky at the front squished up her knees almost touching the hot taps. To be honest I had thought about it better, two at time might have been better.
As there was probably more girl and not a lot of water actually in the bath due to the size and weight of the occupants. What was evident was what little water that was in there, was soon rather dirty! However, with much giggling and wet skin slapping against each, and groping of wet breasts. I got their hair washed, then "union rules" dictated that they all had a cigarette break. With that done, and lots more giggling. We then one by one we got the bodies all cleaned up. I managed them to organizing them to shave the legs nearest to them. As Tina and Vicky with their dark hair, their legs were starting to look like mine.
I got three now smelling sweet girls in front of me. Well, they were until they hurriedly lit their next cigarette. That cannot be helped.
Getting them out was more difficult than I anticipated as they were heavy, wasted, and their skin more slippery than a fish. At least with Amy and Tina there was plenty of them to grab onto. I was saturated and practically had my own shower just getting them out. But out they came.
At least it meant we started the week with a fresh clean slate. We also binned all the bedding and put fresh washed linen on each of the beds. Just trying to improve things slightly.
We sat down and had a celebratory drink or two then had boiled pasta again for tea, it was all I could focus on cooking. Even if Vicky let the water boil too long. We were too fucked to really care.
Vicky came over to me and Tina and Amy and gave all three of us a big hug and kissed me on the cheek. "Can I have him tonight?" This time asking permission from Tina.
"Only if I can have Amy." She said smiling.
Amy was busy chugging her vodka but finally she said. "Surrrrre you can halff me any time baaabbe." She was again wasted. She was still completely naked as she had not got dressed after the bath and she didn't even notice it. Vicky lit up another cigarette, grabbed her pack of menthols and pulled me to her room.
"I think I'm gonna need a lot of these tonight." She said smiling at me as she practically skipped to the room.
"I hope so." I replied with a big grin.
Sex with drunk Vicky was good, the other day had been better, more emotional, and meaningful. She still wasn't a skilled smoker, and she dropped ashes everywhere and burned her sheets in a few places when we tried doggy style. Smoke was everywhere and it got into my eyes. And though it stung, but it just turned me on even more. She was still in much better shape than Tina and Amy, so she was able to perform and go for longer before collapsing in a heap, which was a lot better, which meant less effort on my part.
This was great however even I have started to notice that the heavy smoking had been taking a toll on me physically. The entire room was a giant cloud of smoke by the time we were done. I could barely see her when we were done, but she kept puffing away beautifully and contentedly, until we both passed out, exhausted.
The next day whilst showering before going to work. I may have cleaned the girls, but I needed to get myself sorted too. A rather naked Amy stumbled in to the cubical drunkenly and started cuddling up to me not caring that she was getting wet as well. "Let's go to my room." She whispered in my ear and cupped by balls in her hand as the water poured off us both. That got me instantly hard. But I knew I had to leave for work. I told her as much. And she begged for me to stay as she squirted shower gel into her hand then teased me by stroked my member gliding her hand up and down my soapy shaft. But I said I couldn't. She told me I should just quit my job.
I wanted to, more than anything in the world at that point, with Amy sliding her chunky hands around my shaft, to make sure that I would say I would. But sadly, I needed the paycheck. So, we kissed and dried her and then me, got dressed and reluctantly I left for work.
That day, at work, my mind kept drifting back to that house, and my three debauched girls. Molly noticed that I had been daydreaming practically dangling an unlit cigarette at my desk all day, just waiting for the next smoke break. I was so depressed to be apart from them, all I wanted to do was drink, smoke and have sex with my girls. She asked what was wrong, but I wouldn't say. But she seemed concerned. The rest of the week went by the same way.
My smoking had increased dramatically. On each break I would plough through cigarettes like a fiend, just like my girls, without even talking to Molly as she stood beside me.
During our breaks we used to have a coffee, but now we usually drank beers, it suited the occasion. My ability to work had seriously tailed off. I will admit that work in the afternoon was difficult to focus on being so tipsy. Especially as Molly liked to now piss herself sitting on the edge of her desk. Bonnie and I really did enjoy watching her do it. We just spent five straight hours outside chaining cigarettes and drinking from a flask. The rest of the week passed by in a similar reckless fashion. Not a lot of work got done.
Finally it was Friday, and I would be able to spend my weekend with Vicky, Tina and Amy, uninterrupted by work until Monday. It was a slow drive, but by the time I got to their house, which now had become my house as well, I was drunk out of my mind from work. Amy was in just sitting there in her stretched piss yellow knickers waiting for me, and without acknowledging Vicky and Tina I was quickly also undressed. I then spent the whole night with her, although I admit I barely remember any of it.
After waking up the next day I found Tina leaning against the fridge, smoking two cigarettes at once. Her face told the hungover me that she was upset.
"I don't mind that you fool around with Amy and Vicky sometimes." She stated firmly and almost soberly, before taking a long deep drag off both cigarettes. She chuckled and coughed the exhale. "Shit, I do it too. It's fun, they are fun. But Pete, remember you're MY boyfriend. Not theirs. You didn't even look at my sexy ass last night." She pulled the biggest puppy dog eyes face I had seen for a long time.
"Oh, baby, I'm sorry." I said, lighting up a cigarette and taking a beer from the fridge. "I was blacked out drunk. I don't remember."
"Why are you drinking so much?" She asked taking a sip from her own beer "It's not like you." She affectionately stroked my arm.
"I guess I've just been depressed lately." I sighed. "I don't like being away from you guys, but I have to go to work, every day." I chugged some the cold beer down my throat.
The emotion got to Tina, and then she started crying. "I know what you mean baby, we miss you too when you're away." We just stood there and hugged.
Amy came out of her room, uncharacteristically sober, a huge cloud of smoke around her and she said, "I thought I told you on Monday not to go to work." She stated.
"You did. Why is that important?" I untangled myself from Tina.
"I didn't explain about my dad to you?" She asked
"No. Why?" I said
"I told my dad that I was in love with you, that WE were in love with you. And we didn't like it when you left, we love your company and your cock!" She paused her talk, she needed more smoke in her lungs, so took a rather long drag from her cigarette, not wanting to pause the flow of her story, but needing to feed herself the required nicotine. She finally exhaled, "He has said he would pay you to stay here with us. We need someone to take care of us, to feed our addictions, to keep us safe, happy, and drunk."
I looked at the three girls in various state of undress "I don't know what to say." I mumbled.
"Don't say anything; just get me some alcohol now. I'm fucking hungover and feel far too sober, and I hate it." Amy practically screamed.
"Yes, course baby." I said.
"But more importantly go spend time with Tina. You two need each other." Amy said leaning into me and giving me a kiss. "I'm gonna go party in my room." She turned and looked across the room. "Hey Vicky, you're invited!" She said winking, taking a bottle of vodka and two shot glasses.
Chapter 19
That Monday I quit my job, I had to. and as a parting gift I was given a pack of cigarettes by every member of the office. I also got a kiss and by midafternoon after our "nth" beer of the day both Molly and Bonnie dropped their skirts and knickers and leant over the desk and demanded that I had leaving sex with them. Who was I to complain? There was an equally nice kiss from Bonnie once I had come.
I went home that night and fell into the loving naked embrace of my hopeless cigarette fiend of a girlfriend Tina and her beautiful addict housemates.
Over time it did not take long for Vicky to become a three pack a day smoker. She just got in the rhythm to light up as a foursome. Like the rest of us she couldn't go more than twenty to thirty minutes without lighting up, and she rarely waited that long. There was a constant cloud of smoke around her. She had fully given in to her addiction.
For a while she continued with her studies but could never get through a whole class. Eventually, with her mother's encouragement, she dropped out of school, just like Amy and Tina and myself she now sat at home with me naked, eating, drinking, and smoking.
Amy was supposedly only 21, in my head she should have been at least 26, but she almost looked 35. Her lifestyle was really taking a heavy toll on her. She almost looked homeless. I don't think she showered very often or at all, but the constant stench of smoke masked her filthy smell. It was a sight to behold. I wondered how far it would go. Sometimes she would disappear for days going on crazy binging marathons. On more than one occasion I found her days later in the streets begging for cash to buy alcohol, so trashed she couldn't find her way back home. I always had to keep a bottle of cheap vodka in the car just in case that happened. I knew she would not come if I couldn't offer her booze.
As with the girls my own smoking had increased dramatically. I was also smoking over three packs a day, not quite finishing four. My mother was very proud of me. Sometimes she would call Tina, just to make sure I was smoking enough.
My addiction was such that upon seeing them I got overwhelmingly happy. It was really the only thing we wanted. I could only imagine that's how my girls felt when I got them cigarettes.
But the most beautiful of all, my gorgeous fat Tina was the most hopelessly addicted to cigarettes. Even Amy was no match to her smoking. As soon as I moved in her drinking got under control. She was now the purest and heaviest smoker, still smoking something unhuman like of five packs of Marlboro Reds, but at this point she was smoking 100s.
My fantasy would be for her to switch to unfiltered, to get pure smoke and nicotine straight into her lungs. At her current sleepy state, I didn't think there were enough hours in the day to increase her amount. She had voiced her concern about this as well. Before instantly lighting up again.
But we will not make that move yet. I loved the idea that there was still a step further to take her addiction. Once her body got used to the unfiltered, I would have to prepare her to sleep fewer hours, maybe setting the alarm in the middle of the night in order to increase her intake slowly to six packs, maybe seven if she could smoke fast enough.
That was not for now.
My current fascination was the toll it was taking on her health, and how helpless she was to do anything about it. Her mind was so given to the addiction that she wanted to ruin her body to get nicotine. Her teeth were so, so yellow and her fingers were stained; the stench permeating off her was such that most people couldn't stand to be close to her. Her voice was so deep, on the phone; customer service reps would call her sir.
You look at her face without makeup she looked terrible. So, I encouraged her to never wear any. We now just spent our days just smoking and drinking and watching TV and of course drinking. And I would buy them fast food and cigarettes and alcohol. And I kept them happy, and life was good.
One day, all four of us were sitting in the living room, chainsmoking, watching TV, wasting away, slowly killing ourselves with our addictions. Vicky was just casually playing with my cock; it was Tuesday and we thought it was her turn. She had already made me come once over my lap and the sofa. But I guess she forgot, and started playing with me again, I was soon hard again. She then started to cough, smoke pouring from her mouth. Her face turned and gurned, her mouth turned into an old factory, spluttering spewing smoke from the chimneys. It started a chain reaction, Amy started coughing as well as if on cue, and Tina started a deep long coughing fit, their lungs desperate to kick out layers of phlegm and tar.
Amy instantly reached for the neat vodka to calm herself down. Tina was so used to the coughing didn't even wipe her mouth when she was and recovered by taking a long hard drag from her cigarette and instantly lit a second one. It was clear that sometimes one at a time wasn't enough for her at this point in her life. And she loved that.
With the coughing fit over, and smoke pouring from Tina's her mouth, she turned to me and said in her deep sexy voice "I love you." And as Vicky was busy still stroking me, Tina kissed me, this was just as Vicky's hand got faster and faster.
I took a drag from my cigarette and smiled. "I love you too." I forced my exhale across my three girls.
I soon came again. Splattering her hand, our naked thighs, and the chair.
My alternative universe was momentarily content.
However, it started to spin once again as after few months after quitting my job, at that time I could not tell you how long. But I received a pretty white and golden printed postcard in the post. We never received post; it was rather exciting.
'Bonnie and Molly would like the pleasure of you and your plus one, in attendance of our nuptials.' Followed by the location, date, and time.
I had to read it three times. I was still hungover. It was in two months' time. I looked at the sofa with the partially dressed three girls, and then myself. I rubbed my bearded unshaved face. The four of us were a mess. How would any of us go to a wedding?

***

After many discussions and stroppy tantrums, it was agreed that Tina would be the one to go to the wedding with me. Amy and Vicky had also wanted to go, but Tina had angrily claimed to the others that she had actual girlfriend rights. Was there any such thing in our strange, twisted shared world?
Anyway, the following day, we bathed together in the bath. We did not dare try to stand up in the shower. But we had to be clean. We actually had to go dress shopping. Neither of us could not fit into anything anymore. I tried to get into my slacks, but no, the button would not do up. Months of wearing either nothing or at most stretchy elasticated jogging bottoms whilst sitting there 'watching' television as we eat, drank, and smoked. The routine had done nothing to both our positive growing waist lines.
It was stressful going into town. My car would not start. The battery was well and truly dead. We had not moved it in months. Something that was so normal, was now alien. We really did not leave the house that often, if at all. We had no reason to. Somehow things we needed to eat, drink or smoke just appeared when we needed them.
Clothes I thought not too much. We dejectedly trapsed back to the sofa, sat down and lit our cigarettes.
"Now what?" Snapped Tina as she flicked her lighter and pulled on her cigarette. Smoke billowed out her mouth.
"I dunno, let's look online?" I shrugged my shoulders and concentrated on lighting my own cigarette.
"That's easier." Tina agreed as she hungrily pulled on her cigarette.
"Hows sopping, gos anyfing nices?" Amy slurred as she stumbled naked as usual out her bedroom.
"No, we are here instead?" Tina replied before forcing her exhale.
"Morsh comfortable" Amy giggled. As she fell onto the sofa beside Tina. Before groaning as she stretching to find a half empty bottle of beer that she had left on the table.
I focused as I opened my phone. We hit her favorite shops website. We spent what was like hours scrolling through hundreds of slim girls in sexy dresses. Tina's large breasts were resting on my arm as if it was a pillow as she looked over at the screen. Our exhaled smoke drifting across our vision as we scrolled.
They were extremely pretty models. Tina got excited and pushed her chewed nail against the photo. It was a green wrap around dress with a large belt across the waist to emphasis the breasts and hips.
"That would look gorgeous on you!" I stated half truthfully patting her thigh. "It's really wedding like. You will look stunning."
Tina nodded, flicked her current cigarette vaguely in the direction of the ashtray and the looked again at the screen. "Yeah, I think you're right." With a huff she pulled again on the filter, exhaled and then with much groaning and grunting, levered herself out the sofa and then pulled at the elasticated waist of her jeggings that had sagged as she had sat down, then headed to the bedroom, her delightful buttocks jiggled as her chunky fat thighs swished together.
Amy then giggled at me and shuffled across the sofa, falling into me. "You're sexy too." she laughed and pawed at my thigh.
"I love you too Amy...you will come to the next wedding, I promise." I cupped her bare breast and squeezed her huge pink dinner plate nipples on her stretch marked breasts, she looked up and leaned in for a smokey kiss.
"It looks stunning!" Tina called out from the bedroom.
Have I put her dress into a cupboard by dreaming of her in it?
"Later, I whispered" as rather forcefully pushed Amy upright on the sofa, put her beer bottle to her lips as I got up myself and padded to the bedroom.
There standing in front of the mirror was Tina in her jegging bottoms around her knees, but her body wrapped in the new green dress. Studying herself in the large mirror in the bedroom.
"Wow!" I exclaimed as I studied her. "You do look stunning."
"Tan tights and heels, I will look sexy as!" she stated pulling hard on her cigarette whilst staring at herself in the mirror.
I could hardly disagree. I stood behind her and nibbled her ears as I wrapped my hands around her and inside the dress and squeezed.
Chapter 20
Amy had singled handedly got us all very drunk the night before the wedding. She kept pouring my drinks. We kept accepting them. I think it was punishment against me not taking her to it. But at the time we all had fun.
Vicky and Tina had agreed that I could have sex with Amy that night, which I think smoothed things over. But we were all very naked and all very intoxicated. As usual Vicky's rather delicious smokey blowjob on the sofa had taken most me, so by the time Amy and I fell into bed there was not a lot left in me. Either in the tank or in energy.
The following morning, we got a taxi to the registry office. We did not dare try the car, plus I am not sure if I was still over the limit. As I am not sure what time we actually stopped drinking, it may have been rather early in the morning. We convinced ourselves that there was no way the car was fixed all by itself.
To me Tina really looked stunning. She could hide her hangover better than me. She had washed, done her hair nicely and had spent some time doing her makeup, we were almost late. But it helped hide the tired face. She had scrubbed up well and was properly dressed. Yes, she was looking very fat, but to me the curves and bulges were beautiful in her wrap around dress as she wobbled around in her 2" heels. The two glasses of wine that Amy suggested for breakfast were probably not the best idea. At least they might have helped with the hangover.
We stood in the carpark of the council offices and quickly as possible chain smoked through three cigarettes. I had genuinely convinced myself that Bonnie and Molly to have been out there smoking too. I was sure we would see them. They would definitely need a cigarette as much as we would.
But they did not appear. I waited until the last possible minute. I knew the ceremony would only be short, it's a production line of people, as quickly as possible. The ten-minute taxi ride had almost been painful for Tina. Twenty minutes inside would be torture.
She then pulled her skirt up her thighs the best she could and unsteadily on her heels squatted between two cars as she peed through her knickers and tights. Why she teases me like that I don't know. Me just aware of her sitting next to me in soaking wet panties for the whole ceremony was incredibly hot. But I am grateful that she did not ruin the seats in the chamber too much. That would not have been good.
With five minutes to spare we shuffled into the offices, there was the overpowering smell of perfumes and Lynx body sprays mixed with flowers. We followed the signs. There were several brides and grooms all pacing around waiting for their time.
I looked on the board, found the right names, we were in room 4. With two minutes to spare panting with exhaustion we found it and sat down at the back.
The room was full of former colleagues and their partners. I really should have got up and said hello to everyone. Down the front were the two brides facing the front. From behind their dresses showed off their stunning hourglass figures with what I think were incredibly but potentially larger bottoms. Both girls were in matching plain white almost formal dresses, just above the knee. I could not believe it had only been a few months since I last saw them. It had been certainly strange few months for all of us.
My jaw dropped to the floor when as the ceremony began, the lady officiating asked them to turn and face each other.
I struggled to breath. I needed a cigarette. My hands grabbed Tina's wet thigh as my heart starting pumping hard.
Both girls had changed a lot since I last saw them. Yes, they were still very pretty...but the change.
I needed a drink. I needed a cigarette and a strong drink.
Whilst on side profile it was very obvious, they had clearly matched extremely large bulging bellies.
My brain started to churn. Eight and half months...
...Since I left work...since they gave me a delightful three-minute leaving present...each.
The penny finally dropped for Tina whispered the bleeding obvious question in my ear "Are they pregnant?"
I gulped and winced. "It would seem so." My dry lips tried to move.
"If they are lezzy, who is the father?" she almost loudly whispered as one of their friends in a pretty flowery dress walked up to the front to do a reading.
I gulped loudly again gasping for air, nicotine, and alcohol, potentially all at the same time in triplicate. "I have no idea." I grabbed her thigh harder; my fingers were practically digging through her fat deep to the bone.

***

I contemplated bolting at the end of the ceremony, getting back to safety of the flat. To my cigarettes, drinks, and naked girls. Where it seemed, there were no consequences of my perverse actions. We could drink, smoke and be very merry.
Being a dad was of course a dream. I had thought about it many times whilst on top of either of my girls pounding my balls against their large fat drunk arses and bellies. Our hedonistic lifestyles were not compatible to child rearing.
But I was an unemployable sex driven drunk. I really could not be dad? The voice of the old lady was reverberating around in my head "That's becauseyourdesires are all out of control. You need to get a grip and control them."
A few months ago, I had let my desires in the office get out of control. For six minutes I failed to control them. This was the result.
The reception was at the pub next door. That was a relief, we did not need to go far. Tina and I spent most of the time outside smoking. It felt safer. I think we were hiding; I was. I did after some Dutch courage go and meet their parents, I had to go in and use the toilets. I am glad that I shave and showered, at least I looked partially presentable when I shook their hands. I am sure I saw Bonnie nod at her dad, to explain who I was silently.
I needed to be alone with Bonnie and Molly. I parked Tina in a corner seat with another large glass of wine and her cigarettes. I truly wanted to stay with her.
Eventually I found Bonnie and Molly in a corner with some of my former colleagues. Bonnie and Molly were drinking glasses of orange juice. They were both grumbling.
"Its my wedding and we are sober!" Molly groaned.
"But you look stunning!" a male friend replied. "It was an amazing service. You both looked incredible."
At that moment I chose to intervene. "Hey Moll and Bonnie!" I grinned shuffling into view.
They smiled and then both looked me up and down. Yes, I was certainly chubbier than when I last saw them, "Oh Pete, thank you so much for turning up."
"I wouldn't miss this." I leant in over their bumps and gave them a hug. On both occasions I got an overly long kiss on the cheek from the girls.
I was bound to have lipstick left behind. I dreaded to think what Tina would say.
"Where is the gorgeous Tina?" Molly asked. As if she knew where my thoughts had gone.
"Outside smoking..."
Molly rolled her eyes, "Lucky her, we had a bad month giving up, didn't we Bon?" she affectionately squeezed her now wife's hips.
"Yeah, it was torture. I think I could murder for a pint and a ciggy. But we did it together, for each other!" Bonnie patted her belly and gulped her orange juice in the wine glass down in one and squeezed Molly back.
"I can imagine...but you know, you can always come out and joi..." I then remembered as I glanced down at both large bumps. I had to. We had to deal with the elephant in the room.
"On this occasion, sadly we won't!" Bonnie stated firmly. She was clearly still the boss.
"Have you...the...same...due...date?" I nervously stuttered and gulped.
Molly and Bonnie then almost chuckled as they watched my probably bloodshot eyes, looked at each other and then back at me and with a small smile silently confirmed what I knew with a nod. They did not need to say anything.
The world stopped spinning the sounds of chatter went quiet, I struggled to breath. Both girls took a hand and placed it on their respective bumps. I felt a succession of kicks.
I looked deeply into both girls' eyes. I am sure I heard the old lady's dog bark somewhere nearby. I panicked. I did what I do best. I turned and ran.
The End.