After our day of talking through our filthy thoughts, and Katie flaunting herself for my camera all over town, we were both feeling amazingly horny when we arrived at Francos, showered and dressed for the occasion this time,. They were more pleased to see us than ever, and when we were alone at the end of the evening, which was at least an hour earlier than the previous night, Franco surprised us with a pile of what Emilia delightfully called 'Dirty magazines'.
"I think we all understand each other now, no?" Franco smiled. "Katie, what a super show you give us. Emilia, she do this too. Many, many times." I knew it, I thought to myself. Just scratched the surface.
The publication was an adult magazine from the early nineties.
"I was a model, yes. Then I have our children, two of them." She pointed up to the wall, where various pictures of their boy and girl were on display. "And then, when they go to school, we have a lot of time. And Franco, he likes to take the pictures. And me, I like when Franco takes the pictures. So..." She pointed to the pile of magazines.
Katie picked the first up. Rather than pick up another, I looked as she leafed through. The content was mixed between what looked like professional models and reader submitted material. It was also pretty strong in parts - clearly there was nothing censored, the professional models in particular being joined by males and then photographed in full sex acts with nothing left to the imagination. Emilia watched us leafing through with great interest.
Katie stopped occasionally, sometimes turning the magazine around to appreciate the pictures. And, I noted with pleasure, the filthier the act, the more her interest was piqued.
After the centrefold, which featured a beautiful, typically Italian looking lady sitting on a large black cock, and which Katie lingered over for some time, we reached a familiar face.
"There we are, my bella," Franco muttered affectionately. Emilia was totally naked on the first shot, and in both hands she grasped a large, realistic looking dildo.
"Now we're talking," Katie murmured. Emilia shrugged, enjoying the attention again. Over the next few pages, the limits to which we'd seen Emilia go were pushed further. The dildo was inserted firstly in her mouth, before stretching her vagina and finally, in the last shot, pushed fairly deep into her anus. All of the pictures were noticeably of much better quality compared to the other submitted pictures in the magazine. I was, once again, rock hard.
The next couple of magazines again featured Emilia, and again were pretty racy, either pulling her lovely pussy lips wide to reveal the moistness inside, or fingering herself vaginally and anally.
"What do you think?" Emilia asked, earnestly. She was asking me directly. Katie reached over and put her hand on my crotch, before indicating that Emilia should do the same. Emilia briefly gripped my stiff cock.
"Oh, this is nice. It is nice to know, yes? Nice to know, it's like energy for a woman, right Katie? Knowing the men do this for you - even if it is so many years ago." She looked up at Franco, who winked at me. He seemed to think it perfectly appropriate for his wife to check out my arousal level like this.
Franco picked the next magazine.
"Before we open this one, let me tell you something. So I take beautiful pictures of my Emilia. The magazine they say, Hey, Emilia, you work for us, we have you every month in the magazine. We have the restaurant even then, but we both like this, because also they say 'Hey, Franco, you do the pictures, we pay you'. So we both getting the money, and we both doing what we love. This one, this is the first time we are professional, no?"
I noticed that there was a small picture of Emilia inset on the cover. And, rather than having to wait until after the centrefold, this time she was about twenty pages in.
Her first picture was actually fully clothed, very elegant in a long flowing dress which showed a reasonable amount of cleavage, but nothing pornographic. It featured her holding up a previous issue of the magazine, as well as a lot of Italian text we couldn't read. Emilia said it was just introducing her, that she was going to be in the magazine regularly from now on.
Not for the first time I had a rush of blood to my heart and my cock as Katie turned the page. Emilia was still standing, clothed in her beautiful dress, but she was flanked by a muscular, naked man on both sides. Smiling into the camera, she held a very large, very erect cock in each hand.
"Oh, fucking hell!" Katie almost screamed. It was in real excitement, neither of us had expected anything like this. "Emilia, you dirty, dirty girl!" It was clearly a compliment. Katie couldn't take her eyes off the picture.
I'll admit to being a bit shocked.
"You took these pictures, Franco?"
"I do, all of the pictures of my Emilia, they are mine."
"And you are OK with it? I mean you don't mind your wife doing this sort of thing with other men?"
"Let me tell you something, Dan. My Emilia, I never, not one time, see her with one other man. And this is the only thing I say to her - you doing things on the camera, it must be with two, three, more, no problem. But never with only one."
I was confused. Franco was saying Emilia never posed with just one man, it was always more than that. And this was somehow better. Emilia saw my confusion and laughed, saying something to Franco in Italian.
"You think Franco is crazy," she said, turning the page of the magazine. There she was, on her knees, attending to these two large cocks in superbly framed and lit pictures courtesy of her husband. Katie's eyes remained glued to the magazine.
"You think he's crazy, but he's right, you know. Sex for a woman, it can be hard sometimes to understand it can be just a physical thing, no? But if you have two men, three men, it is never anything but that. Just sex, just fuck. Because how can you fall in love with three men, eh?"
Katie looked up from the magazine, where Emilia was now being penetrated from both ends, gamely wrapping her lips around one enormous cock whilst the other one drove into her, all explicitly visible thanks to Franco's superb photography skills.
"That's an interesting theory."
"No theory. Here we are, eh? Married after forty years. And I do all of this," she gestured to the pile of magazines, " and so, so much more. And I love it so much. I love it, the sex, the cock, the pussy, the fuck. But I love only one person, my Franco."
The final pages showed Emilia opening her mouth wide, much as Katie had done last night with this very lady watching on. And both the men gave her an impressive mouthful, so much so that some spilled out of each corner of her mouth, But she swallowed, and smiled, the final shot showing the softening cocks dripping their last onto each shoulder as she beamed out from the pages. I remembered the earlier pictures when she was a mainstream model, and compared them mentally to this, finding the contrast between such elegance and such debauchery hugely erotic.
I heard deep breathing to my left and realised that Katie was masturbating again. Having been here before, just last night, there was no shock or surprise this time - only pure lust. I wanted to show Katie off, just like Franco showed off his wife so completely to us, albeit from the pages of these magazines, and his photo albums.
"That's no good," I grabbed Katie's hand, stopping her from pleasuring herself. She looked disappointed for a second, but her eyes widened and a look of delight spread across her face at my next words.
"We can't see anything, you sitting there like that. Get up on the table so we can see properly."
Katie was wearing a black, flared skirt with white polka dots. She had matching black, knee-length socks, and her regulation black stilettos. On her top half was a black, cropped t-shirt. As she stood, I made a mental note of just how sexy she looked as she paused for a second, biting her lip. She was awaiting further instruction.
I grabbed our glasses and the bottle of wine from the table, Emilia, seeing what was happening, moved the candle, leaving the wooden table bare but for the white lace tablecloth.
"On the table," I ordered. Katie loved this. It was absolutely clear to me now. I knew Katie would have reacted exactly the same way had I done this before - the problem in our marriage had been me. I had her pegged as unadventurous and unwilling to try things, but really she was a submissive, undercover whore, ready to do anything - she just needed instructions. How could I have missed this for so long?
It was down to me to make up for lost time. And all of a sudden, I knew exactly what to do.
"On your back, on the table."
Emilia jabbered something to Franco in a delighted tone. He laughed. Katie lifted herself onto the table, and then lay back as instructed, her legs hanging loosely over the front.
"Pull your knees up, get your feet on the table," I barked. Katie visibly winced in pleasure as she received her orders and complied immediately.
All of a sudden, my blood was flowing and my imagination was in full swing. I felt like mine and Katie's minds were one, that every little dirty thought that entered my head was also in hers. I knew what she wanted, which was for me to tell her exactly what to do to get me off - and it would get her off too.
"Before you continue," I turned to our hosts. "Would you mind if we got a couple of pictures with you? You've been so welcoming, and I think we need something to remember you by, once our holiday is over."
Franco and Emilia moved either side of the table and I got some superb shots which, as I knew they would, served as an extremely vivid reminder of our nights at Franco's when we returned home. Katie smiled, her legs open and her sheer, see-through knickers not concealing the growing damp patch at the gusset. Our hosts held a leg each, smiled, gave a 'thumbs-up' as I took some snaps. I continued with a few more as Katie held the gusset aside, revealing her smooth lips, and finally with no panties at all, beautiful pussy on display almost in reverence to Emilia's poses which we'd enjoyed so much.
All through this Emilia and Franco talked continually, complimenting Katie and telling her how much of a dirty girl she was. They switched between Italian and English, but their voices, no matter which language, were clearly helping Katie. Without any prompting from me, her hand had returned down between her legs and resumed its work. I sat down right in front of her, finding my wine glass and watching the show.
"That's it. Show us all just how horny you are. I want to see you cumming." Katie alternated between arching her back and closing her eyes, and fixing her gaze on each one of us in turn, feeding off the encouragement we gave her when our eyes were in contact. Her look said it all, she was in her element.
The whole thing was in an upward spiral - Katie was turning us all on with her show, which earned her more comments, which encouraged her all the more, leading to more enthusiastic fingering and moaning, followed by more comments from her audience.
Soon she was shuddering to another orgasm, the second time she'd brought herself to climax for an audience in twenty-four hours.
"Magnifico!" Both Emilia and Franco again began applauding Katie's performance. It was all the more entertaining because of the close proximity and the extremely conspicuous nature of the show. Yesterday had been more subtle, with no actual visibility of the contact between her hand and her little pussy - just the delicious squelching and her shuddering reactions. Which, to be fair, was exciting enough in itself.
But today everything was on display, and that made it so much more serious. Katie was now, very clearly and very obviously, a complete slut for her audience. She had no shame, no inhibitions, and was feeding off all of our intense arousal. I was, unsurprisingly, hard as iron. I felt the need to reward my supremely sexy wife.
Franco and Emilia continued to congratulate Katie.
"Tu Bella troia!" Emilia exclaimed. Even today, I still only know a few Italian words, and all of them are obscene. 'Troia' was 'slut'. One of the others, which means 'whore' was Franco's favourite way to describe my wife.
"Tu puttana promiscua! Hey Katie, I think Dan has something for you!" Katie had now stopped fingering herself, she was just lying there, savouring the comments as she recovered from her intense rush of pleasure. Her legs were still splayed open and there was instant easy access to her dripping little hole. Her eyes were still closed and she jumped in surprise as I slid my cock all the way inside her in one thrust.
"Oh! Sorprendente!" cried Emilia in delight."
"Dan!" Katie yelped, but not in discomfort or displeasure - she was delighted.
"I thought you might appreciate some cock," I explained, winking at her. I pulled her onto her side, hanging her leg over my shoulder. This had the effect of opening her out and displaying her to our hosts nicely. Franco and Emilia were delighted with this development, and continued confirming that with their comments and cries. Both of their gazes were fixed on Katie's crotch as my cock slid in and out of her, making full use of the natural lubrication that she'd built up during her masturbation show.
"Fucking hell, Dan!" she gasped in delight. I was hammering into her now. "Fuck me, keep fucking me hard like this, oh my god!"
"She loves it, Franco," Emilia muttered, a little dreamily, and in English for some reason. "Katie loves the cock, just like your wife, eh"
"Tu puttana promiscua," Franco repeated (I heard this a lot over the coming days, it was how Franco always referred to Katie from then on. "This means Katie is a hungry slut, Dan. Hungry for the cock, eh?"
"Franco thinks you're a cock-hungry slut, Katie," I told her loudly.
"Oh, he's right. I really am! I'm such a little whore."
I was still hammering into her. This was not going to last long. I instinctively knew what she was thinking, because I was too.
"You'd love to fuck two men, wouldn't you? Like Emilia. Two strangers fucking you hard?"
"Oh, fucking right I would. Especially with you there, filming, taking pictures, seeing what a slut your wife can be!"
The feeling of liberation, of understanding, of suddenly getting Katie completely, and realising we both wanted the same thing, was completely overwhelming. I was almost there, and there was no way I'd be able to hold back.
"And you'd love to eat up all their spunk, once you'd finished with them. Swallow all their cum like a cheap little tart."
"Oh fuck, yes. I'd need more than two though. I'd like two loads of cum just for starters. I'd need a roomful of guys, all rock hard for me. Always a new one ready to take over when a hole was free, and everyone giving me a mouthful whenever they felt like it. I'd eat it all, or take it all over me, whatever they wanted.
The way she spoke, it was obvious Katie had thought this through. Seeing Emilia living out her own fantasies had really triggered her and she'd gone to a new level now. Even this morning, she wouldn't have admitted this was on her mind. But right now, her fantasies were mine. I imagined pumping into her just like this, while she eagerly coaxed thick load after thick load out of an unending stream of willing men.
And now I was cumming. I'd had a loose plan of pulling out and feeding her my load, which I'd enjoyed doing so much the previous evening. But there was no time now, my pleasure made it impossible to think of anything other than staying on my feet as the intense gratification began.
This was, without doubt, the most powerful orgasm I'd ever experienced. It was hard to be sure, as the physical evidence was concealed inside my wife, but it felt like I'd filled her up with more semen than I'd ever produced in my life.
Whilst I convulsed with pleasure I was oblivious to my surroundings, but gradually my senses returned, and I again heard the applause of Franco and his wife, congratulating us on our intense fuck. As I eased out of her, she whispered gently:
"Bring it up here. In my mouth."
My cock was smeared with a combination of our fluids. When it was withdrawn completely, I saw the contents of her well-fucked vagina start to ooze out of her, dripping onto the bare wood of the table - the tablecloth had been pushed right across the table with the motion of our fuck.
Obediently, I presented my sloppy penis to Katie, still almost as hard as it had been. Katie accepted it in her mouth eagerly, sucking and tasting the juices adorning it with relish. I heard Franco and Emilia talking but was fully focused on enjoying Katie's work on my cock - this was real, total whore behaviour and it wasn't something I felt like missing. As she sucked, her hand returned between her legs and she resumed fingering herself, slowly.
Occasionally she brought her hand up to her mouth and, sucked my sperm from her fingers, grinning naughtily as she did so. We all watched on in silence as she gathered more, until she again had a mouthful. Katie then sat up on the edge of the table, her mouth still full. I resumed the dominant role which she'd loved so much earlier.
"That's it - show us all your mouth full of cum. Pretend you've got two loads in there, or three. We all know that's what you want." Katie smiled and nodded, a little dripping out and dropping onto her t-shirt.
"Now swallow it down, that's your reward, a bellyful of cum." I grinned.
Katie immediately gulped it down, as if she couldn't wait. Again, Franco and Emilia applauded tonight's show which had gone way beyond what we'd seen the previous day. They clearly approved.
"Magnifico - troia totale!" Franco whispered in reverence. "Katie, she love the sperma! She so like my Emilia, she love it, eh?"
Emilia smiled at Franco lovingly. On the floor an issue of the magazine lay open, another image from the past of this extraordinary lady stared out at us, as usual the centre of attention between several Latin lovers.
"More wine?" Emilia asked. My cock was still out, and Katie's skirt was around her waist. We looked at each other and laughed.
I'm not sure if you'd call it breaking the ice, but after that we were all really comfortable around each other. We'd all seen Francos work, which was set after set of Emilia being fucked by any number of suitors. And now they had witnessed us having sex. It made for a superbly liberated atmosphere. Franco and Emilia kept the wine flowing, and we were now old friends, not guests and hosts. We talked at length about Emilia and Franco's past, as well as what Katie and I were likely to be getting up to in future.
Both of them were really interested to hear how close our relationship had been to breaking down.
"I think," Katie had told them solemnly, "that if we hadn't met you two, then we'd not have been married another year."
"Well, what a shame that would be. You two, you are perfect together, look at you," Franco clasped his hands together as he admired us. I laughed.
"If we do half as well as you two, then we'll be OK," I responded, returning the compliment. The pile of magazines on the table was still being passed between Katie and I, and occasionally one or another of us pointed out a particularly sexy, striking or just plain filthy act that Emilia was up to on the pages.
Katie had found one just such picture, a centrefold, double page spread of Emilia, face smeared with what looked like three or four donations from one of the many cocks that surrounded her. Her pussy was stretched to its limits as both of the men underneath her and on top of her were simultaneously squeezing their thick penises right up inside her vagina.
"Fucking hell!" I exclaimed. Katie's eyes were shining. "Oh, here we go - another one on her bucket-list!"
"Bucket list?" enquired Franco.
"Things I want to do - I'm so jealous, Emilia, you've done so much. That looks amazing, you must have felt so filled up? Two right up inside your pussy like that!"
Emilia confirmed that she did. And the girls continued talking, Katie flicking through and asking questions, Emilia happy to answer. Franco leaned over.
"This is why we are married so long, eh?" He opened one of the magazines at random, the pages falling open naturally at a set of his wife entertaining several men. "Emilia, Katie. These are women who need. They need to fuck. Tonight, you fuck Katie, how long?"
"Well, it would usually be longer, but, I don't know - ten minutes?"
"Five." Franco wasn't trying to belittle my efforts, he was painting a picture of the reality he'd faced, and which was now my future. "This is amazing, seriously. I am your age, I get a lady like Katie, or my Emilia, I am lucky to fuck more than two minutes. They are too hot, no? When they look like this, when they love the sex more than you do," he gestured at the two of them, poring over the evidence of Emilia's filthy past, "Any man, he no able to do any more than this. A woman who know what she want, who love the cock this much? Nobody do better."
Franco had past experience of exactly what I had to look forward to, now that my wife was confirmed as a true 'Puttana'. I listened intently.
"So this is how we do it. Katie love you, she want to make you happy. But she need fucking, she need it so badly. So you, what do you do? You buy the toy, the dildo, Katie like this - but soon, she want more
"So you get one man, you get two. Between all of you, you might make the puttana happy for a moment. The problema, she too good, she too hot. She do everything a man want, and so the man he shoot, he sperma. Five, ten minutes. No more. No man can stop this.
"And the puttana love this, she love the sperma. But three, this is nothing to her. Three man is better than one, yes. But then she think 'I have three and you are all finish? I just starting!'
I tell you, Dan. The only time I see Emilia truly happy - no, she always happy. But I want to see her truly satisfied. And the only time I see this, it is when she have nine, ten, many, many men.
"And then you win. You get her cock, sperma, you take the pictures. All the cocks, they do what they do, they go, you have Katie. She feel like she never feel before. She dream about this, about many, many cocks. But she never think it really happen. But you make it happen. And now she fuck you whenever you want it, she yours, completely. She suck, she swallow, she bring her friends for you to fuck, she do everything you want, any time you feel like it.
Franco painted a very convincing picture.
"How many men do you think Emilia has been with?"
"In one time? Or all together?"
"Both?"
Franco shouted over to Emilia, who shouted back, before turning to Katie, presumably translating.
"Emilia says it's very rude to ask a lady things like that!" she smiled.
"Ah but you are lucky, I no lady!" Emilia winked. "We do not know this exactly, but we are pretty close I think. Did Franco tell you about the films I do?"
"He did not!" I thought the pictures were more than enough, now I'm being told there are videos.
"This was going to be tomorrow!" Franco laughed.
"What else haven't you told us, Emilia," Katie asked, intrigued.
"Emilia, she do this," Franco gestured at the pile of magazines, "for many years. Seven or eight years, every month, she fucking in the magazine, and Franco taking the pictures. But you know what I tell you, Dan, about the puttana. This is not enough for Emilia."
"It is not," Emilia confirmed, smiling. "The pictures, they crazy hot, but it's always stop, take a picture, stop, take a picture. Yes I get five, ten cocks. But it's not like I need, I want bang bang, no stopping, fuck, fuck."
Despite everything that had happened, Emilia was raising my arousal levels again.
"So, Franco, he say no more pictures. I do films now."
"I do," Franco confirmed. "Now I know a lot of people in the business, so no more working for the magazine, paying me some, but keeping all the rest. Now we work for Emilia and Franco, we keep all the money. It easy - everyone want to fuck Emilia. And Emilia want to fuck everyone. I just put them together and do the camera."
"I think we need to see some of this!" Katie said, eagerly.
"Sure, sure. But I have to clean now, get ready for the morning. Tomorrow, tomorrow you see."
Emilia again said something to her husband in Italian, it looked like she was reminding him of something. He replied in a dismissive tone, and she came back to him, sounding insistent. He waved her away and set about sweeping up behind the bar.
"Franco, he don't want to ask. So I will. We both very much like seeing you here, talking and showing you all of this. You Katie are so, so beautiful. Franco, he would love to take your pictures."
"Oh!" Katie was surprised and flattered. "Well I don't see why not! I think I'd like that. Dan?"
All eyes turned to me. We all knew the type of pictures that would be in order - Franco's back catalogue of Emilia's adventures had spoken to that. I looked at Katie, and realised her shining eyes were willing me to agree. I also knew that a request like this would have met with short shrift just a few days ago. But now? Now it seemed like an amazing idea.
"Sure, why not."
Franco, seemingly fixated on his floor sweeping, suddenly raised his head at this news.
"This is good news for Franco. Katie, she magnifico. I take you pictures you keep for ever, just like this, eh?" He gestured to the pile of pornographic magazines on the table.
I glanced at Katie, who I knew was thinking just how much she'd like to be appearing in pictures just like those ones.
Eventually we stood to leave. As we headed down the alley to the side of the restaurant, Emilia came running after us.
"Here, you forget!" she smiled, handing Katie her panties, which had been forgotten, left on the floor of the restaurant. She thanked her and pushed them into her handbag.