"Where we going to sit then?"
"Same as usual if we can."
The cinema wasn't packed but it was full enough. We walked up the stairs and sat towards the back, near the centre. Her eyes couldn't stand being too close to the screen, and we didn't like looking up at it, as you have to if you sit at the front.
She wore her usual short, pleated skirt. It was black and was complimented by her white t-shirt top and calf high black boots. I knew what she had on underneath the skirt, and the thought of it made me aroused already.
We selected the seats, sat down. She took off her jacket, I did the same. She looked over to me, her eyes burrowing into mine. I love her deeply, but the presence of lust is just so great. Lust can be bad, so you have to exercise it properly, hence our activity tonight.
She put her hand on mine, and we both adjusted how we sat so that we were facing each other. Her skirt was riding higher, her coat covering her ass.
I moved in closer, kissed her lips, stroked her face, then our tongues met each other and danced that all to familiar tango. Her hand slipped from mine and down to my crotch. No surprises what she found! My cock was in the eternal struggle for supremacy over my trousers, but ultimately the effort was futile and he couldn't escape. That didn't bother my cock though, he maintained his hardness in defiance. Alas, at the present moment it wasn't his turn to be satisfied. It was his partners.
My hand left the side of her face, she loved it stroked while we kissed. It slid gently and lightly down over her breast, the flimsiness of her shirt giving way to a hard and excited nipple underneath. I massaged with the palm of my hand and gently kneaded the breast, slowly pressing on it gently in a circular fashion. Her breathing became a slight gasp. She was turned on, and excited.
As our tongues continued their play, I slid my hand down further, across her crotch and to her thigh. Without giving her time to think about it though, I moved it right to the top of her leg. She wore some of the smoothest crotch less panties you can imagine, the difference between material and skin could be barely registered by human touch. Using my thumb I stroked her and gently squeezed her legs tender flesh.
Her legs parted giving me yet more access. Her breathing quickened, her kissing became greedier, her need growing exponentially, her lust building to crescendo. I moved my finger from her thigh and brushed down to her lips. They were wet already. She was probably wet for some time prior to this, in anticipation of the evening's events. Already lubricated I massaged her pussy, she was fully hot, but I was careful not to go for the clit just yet.
I slid my fingers up and down her outer lips, tickling her, sensitising her. Her leg moved slightly allowing me to stroke more of the area. One of my fingers found her asshole and toyed with it a second. Juice from her pussy had made it slightly moist and as I tickled it responded with little convulsions. She loved it when I played with her in such a way.
By now we had stopped kissing. I pulled my head slightly away and looked at her face. Her eyes were shut. The tip of her tongue ever so slightly wetted her lips every now and then as a wave of pleasure from her womanhood washed over her body. The corners of her mouth twitched into small smiles, as my exploring fingers found a hot spot.
Her mound was damp through the flimsy panties. It was time to end the festivity in the only way it could end. Satisfied that she was fully hot, I parted her lips and sought out the clit. As ever it was engorged and fully aroused, so it wasn't hard to locate. I could never really understand why men had difficulty in finding this nexus of pleasure on a woman. Maybe I was just lucky in that I could. Maybe the clit came out to find me! Now there was an interesting notion.
I massaged her clit in small gentle circles with the pad of my forefinger, her body shuddering slightly at the touch. My finger found itself at the top of her clit, where skin met skin and concentrated there. Her body convulsed and spasmed at this. She was about to cum.
My ministrations continued for a few more seconds until I heard her take in a deep breath, it was the quiet before the storm, but fortunately and given the fact that we were in a public place with people nearby, she managed to stifle her cry of pleasure, and burying her head into the nape of my neck let out her vocal protest at having been masturbated. Her body trembled as her muscles contracted and her orgasm reached its peek. Her clit and pussy, still sensitive, reacted with little shocks as my fingers brought her down the pleasure curve, after all its bad manners to bring a woman to such ecstasy and then just leave her hanging, yes?
Her breathing began to normalise, her had squeezed my own in appreciation of my efforts. My hand moved off her mound and slowly down her smooth leg, gently replacing the short skirt as it went. I looked into her as she opened her eyes. The mixture of both love and lust met me, the combination so powerful, so compelling.
A gentle kiss from us both to each other, the squeezing of hands and the briefest whisper of "I love you" signalled the end of the affair, and the return to the screen.