I'd been with Kim for two years. We got together when I moved to the city and the sparks flew right away. We had dated a while by now. Things had been getting too predictable and I knew if the sex was going to get interesting, I was the one that would have to make it happen. I decided to do just that.
This was a gradual process that had started in the winter of the year. I purchased a few hundred dollars' worth of outfits online for her to wear. The outfits were a mix of miniskirts / dresses and tops that were classy but provocative. Of course, hot lingerie was mandatory for any of the outfits, so I bought a lot of it.
That February, we went out to a romantic dinner and she wore a black mini-dress with heels. That was the first time she dressed in anything I'd picked out. She was drop dead hot, and everyone noticed. Kim is a blonde, and is strikingly good looking. She is 5 7, 125 pounds, and sports a 36d, 25, 36 figure. Heads turned everywhere we went. Once she realized the looks she was attracting, she enjoyed it thoroughly. She loved being the center of attention and it showed. That night, I pounded her hard.
Things continued to heat up into the spring. The more she would flirt and tease in public, the wilder we got in private. Each week was better than the last and I was walking around with a perpetual hard-on. In early May, she had to straighten out some legal paperwork at the county courthouse. I arranged to accompany her on the business so we could eat lunch at an upscale hotel after we completed the chores.
I showed up at her house to pick her up. I walked into the dressing room where she was getting ready. I couldn't believe my eyes. It was only noon but here she was dressed to kill. She'd put on an outfit I'd purchased for her but she'd never worn before. It was a pleated gray mini-skirt with a matching vest. She had a very tight, sheer, pull over black tee shirt under the vest. When the angle of the light hit it correctly her nipples were clearly visible. The vest covered them most of the time. The mini-skirt stopped above mid-thigh. Beneath that she wore sheer smoky-black pantyhose. There was a gold ankle bracelet on her right ankle which highlighted the entire outfit. To top it off, she was in 3-inch stiletto heels. It was all I could do not to jump her on the spot.
I moved to her and ran my hand over her skirted ass and said, "Let's forget business, we have something else to take care of."
I meant it. By this time, I had run my hand under the hem of the mini-skirt over her nylon covered ass. Surprised I asked, "No panties?"
Kim smiled broadly and pushed my hand away. "No silly, it would ruin the outfit. Now, let's go because I've got to get this notarized and filed today. Come on! And you owe me lunch, so don't think you're getting out of it."
I was rock hard but new it would be a losing battle. So, out to the car and off to the courthouse. The courthouse was in the municipal center adjacent to the county jail. I drove up and parked in the lot. From the time we left the car to the time we entered the courthouse, I could see every guy in the large plaza snap his head. None of them could take their eyes of this hottie prancing across the municipal center at noon on a Friday. Had I not been with her, there is no doubt she would have been hit on half a dozen times.
When we finally arrived at the records section, we filed some of the paperwork, but were told that we needed to pick up some forms from another office. The court secretary gave us directions. The offices in the building are all intermingled and a portion of our business required getting some old records from the county sheriff. As we followed the directions given to us by the clerk we made our way into the county sheriffs area. To my surprise, we were next to the in-processing area and there were a group of local prisoners standing on the other side of a large room being guarded by two sheriff deputies. After we had stood at the counter for a few minutes waiting for the next clerk to help us, I couldn't help but notice the commotion Kim and her outfit were creating in the room. She kept shifting her hips and legs, creating different angles of her hot bod under the tight outfit. I looked at the dozen or so inmates waiting to be processed into county and their eyes were bugged out of their heads. There was a lot of whispering and restless noise coming from them. They weren't alone. Both deputies had laser like stares fixed on Kim.
Finally, one of the inmates said to no one in particular, "I need me some of that...".
At that, a deputy turned towards the prisoners and barked sharply, "Everyone turn around and face the wall."
The line of men complied with the order. The deputy then took a few steps across the room and said to Kim, "Sorry for the disturbance, Miss."
She looked at him and said sweetly, "Thank you for being a gentleman."
At that, the records clerk came to help us out. We got the paperwork we needed and the prisoners were moved into the processing area of the jail as we exited the building. We walked back to the car and I smiled while saying, "I think you made a lot of those poor men suffer on their way to jail."
"Maybe I just gave them something to think about to brighten their dreams tonight." She giggled and we jumped in the car.
We arrived at the hotel and parked. I was hungry and horny, but I thought we would eat first. This hotel was four-star and exclusive. We walked into the lobby on our way to the dining room. All eyes fixed on us as we headed towards the outdoor patio area. We took an elevator up two floors to get where we needed to be. The glass elevator ascended, and five or six businessmen stared up at us. Kim was near the glass and they all had a great view at her tight ass. Without missing a beat, she pulled the vest from her shoulders and the sun hit the sheer black shirt. Her nipples were clearly visible through the shirt. The way the angle of the sun was hitting her, she might as well have been topless. The curves of her perky tits were clearly visible along with both her nipples. She smiled down at her admirers below. I could tell half of them were struggling with massive hard-ons. I reached over and slid the vest back onto the top of her shoulders, making sure to pull the front softly over her nipples so her audience could see me do it. I patted her vest down.
"Don't be cruel." I whispered in her ear.
The elevator opened to the pool level and we had to cross the area to get to the outdoor dining pavilion. It was Friday afternoon and the place was packed. Everyone noticed us slowly walking through the area to eat lunch. We arrived and were seated at our table overlooking the pool. I couldn't count the stares coming from all directions. All I can say is that our waiter spent a great deal of time catering to our every whim. I thought he would sit down and join as at one point. We got great service.
After lunch, we headed back to the car. By this time, my dick was so hard I thought I would explode. I wanted to fuck her in the parking lot and she knew it. I was ready to get a room at the hotel for four hundred bucks just to relieve my desire. When I brought it up, Kim reminded me we were only twenty minutes from home and we would be more comfortable there. It took about half an hour to get there, and it was one of the longest drives of my life.
We got to her place an immediately headed for the bedroom. The bedroom had a wall of windows overlooking the pool. Kim had a huge king-size bed with four massive posts. She climbed onto the bed after peeling off the covers. I stood at the side of the bed watching her.
"Are you going to stand there and stare or do something?" She teased.
In less than a minute I had all my clothes off, facing her with a massive pulsing hard on. Without saying a word, I climbed on the bed and got comfortable. I lay beside her kissing her savagely. I ran my hand over here thigh and rubbed it slowly. After a short time, I slid the vest she was wearing off, careful to leave the see-through shirt on. Those covered tits were easily accessible.
I moved my body down a bit and started rubbing her upper thigh, pushing her mini-skirt higher. She was such a cock tease; I was determined to fuck that behavior out of her. By this time, she was moaning. I buried my head in her lap and started licking her upper thighs. She was so wet my cheeks were soaked. I could see her Brazilian cut through the sheer pantyhose. I buried my chin on her clit and started putting a lot of pressure on it. She was moving her hips a lot and moaning low and clear. I started to bite at the fabric of the pantyhose directly over her pussy. Now she was making noise. In a few seconds, I gripped the nylon with my teeth and pulled it off her hips. My teeth ripped a small hole in the material and I proceeded to stick two fingers through. I ripped a large tear into the pantyhose, exposing her wet snatch.
"Ohhh.. Do me baby! Stick that cock in me now!" she sighed.
I got on my knees in front of her with my dick sticking out like a pole. I leaned forward on top of her body and pulled her shirt over her tits, licking them as I slid my face next to hers. I slid my hard rod into her wet waiting pussy.
"I am going to fuck you so hard you can't walk. I am going to fuck you for every cock you teased today that can't be here to fuck you!"
I pushed my rod deep and hard into her accommodating pussy. I started pumping her hard. Time passed and I worked myself into a frenzy. I knew I was going to shoot a heavy load. I started to cum and pulled my cock out of her cunt, grabbing it with my hand. Hot jizz was spurting out the end. I aimed at her tits and finished myself with my hand. Large drops of cum went everywhere. I was spent, but not done.
I rolled over on my back and grabbed her by the back of her head. "Kimmy, I need you to lick me clean."
She moved her face to my hips and started to lick my shaft and balls. "Don't miss anything baby. Do a good job. I want you to clean up all that cum you made me spill."
Kim continued to slowly lick up the love juice.
To my surprise, I saw a glint in the window. I moved my head and looked out towards the pool. There stood the pool cleaning guy, with his cock out and his hands on his shaft. He had shot a load as well, and it was easy to see, covering his hand, staining his jeans and deck shoes. I was shocked but didn't miss a beat.
"Kim, I need you to get up and close the window blinds, now."
She looked at me with a bit of curiosity, but rolled off the bed in front of the window. She saw the embarrassed pool man. He was standing with his dick out, and she was on the other side of the window. Her skirt was up over her waist, her torn pantyhose clung to her ass and legs while her pull over shirt was above her now exposed tits. She was dripping sweat and semen leaked from her snatch.
"Smile, wave and close the blinds." I said, directing her.
She did.
"Now get back here."
I fucked her hard for the rest of the weekend.