She likes exposing herself. Her BF likes it too.
-
"Dogging" is a British slang for engaging in exhibitionism or sexual acts in public. Strangers meet up in parks and watch a couple, usually in their car, expose themselves or have sex. Sometimes they are invited to join in, but it's mainly about men watching through the car window and masturbating.
Scott asked that I write a story based on some of his and Laura's adventures which include "dogging". Ah, young love! A perfect story for the Valentine's Day contest.
Everyone in the story having sex and viewing naked body parts are over 18.
^^^February 14th, 2012^^^
"How about we go dogging?" Scott asked his girlfriend, Laura.
"Scott! I was drinking at the party, but I didn't have THAT much to drink!" she said and then laughed. She had an infectious laugh that rolled out of her when she was sexually excited. Scott heard that laugh now.
"Claire and Amy threw a nice Valentine's Day party, but..."
"But what?" His pretty Amazonian girlfriend challenged him.
"It was nice," Scott said. "But nice can be boring. Let's have some naughty fun."
The couple had left a party and were walking hand-in-hand in the moonlight on a starry evening. Scott hugged the chubby brunette. He twirled her about and kissed her.
"Emmm," she moaned. He forced his tongue into her mouth.
Scott crushed her body into his. He could feel her overly large breasts squish against his chest through their coats. They lingered in the kiss. His hands slid down her back and grasped her over-sized ass. While they kissed, he tugged on the back of her coat and skirt. He gathered the material while she was distracted by their passionate kiss. He exposed her panty-clad bottom.
When she noticed, she cried out, "Scott! People could see!"
"Would that be a bad thing? I'm sure every guy would smile seeing your round, full bum."
She blushed, reached behind her back, and pushed the material down.
"Are you blushing?" He looked at her pretty face: the high cheekbones, the round blue eyes, her full, pouty lips, and her straight, slightly pointy nose. He saw her cheeks were red.
"Wait. You're not embarrassed. You're excited. You slut! You're aroused by the idea of men seeing your ass.
"You're my sexy exhibitionist! The rest of the world sees a shy, school teacher. A tall, solidly built woman. The foolish boys have overlooked you. They prefer and have pursued the svelte English roses around you, but I know better. I know you're special and I love the real you."
Laura looked into the tall blond's eyes. Her eyes flicked left and right searching. She wondered, "Is he telling the truth?"
She asked, "Do you know the real me? You're right about boys preferring my slimmer classmates. You'd think my big boobs could have been my saving grace, but instead of making me look sexy and glamorous like the Page 3 women, they buttressed the impression that I'm overweight. I'm embarrassed by them because they sagged so much they looked like they belong to some grandmother, not a woman in her mid-twenties."
She confessed, "I don't feel pretty. The world doesn't consider me attractive. Sometimes, I am so desperate for male attention that I'm driven to do outrageous acts like exposing myself."
He smiled at her and said, "I know, darling. You get a thrill exposing yourself and I get the same thrill showing you off to strangers." He kissed her and then said, "We are a perfect match!"
The shy, blushing woman responded in a quiet voice. "Yes. It excites me. The things you've talked me into doing..."
"Have been great fun for both of us," Scott said finishing her sentence. "We've been talking about taking your exhibitionism to the next level."
She looked up at the tall man and said, "What do you have in mind?"
"A trip to a woodland car park."
"Oh. What would happen there?" She reached out and grabbed his penis through his pants.
"Dogging. We go to the car park, I let strangers see you naked, and maybe shag you."
"Oh! You or them? I'm not sure about having sex with strangers or in front of strange men."
He reached inside her coat, cupped a breast, and pinched her nipple. He laughed and said, "I noticed you didn't raise any objection to the first two items on my proposed agenda."
They got into the car. He drove to the secluded woodlands and parked. He kept the engine running. They needed the heat. The temperature was a cool forty degrees.
"What now?" Laura asked as they sat in the car.
"I'll turn on the interior light," he said. He twisted a knob and the inside of the car was illuminated. "This signals that we want an audience. Now we wait. Take your coat off."
Both of them removed their outerwear. Within a couple of minutes, two men walked up to their car. Scott turned to Laura, he hugged and kissed her. While they kissed, he unzipped her dress. Then, she took off her shoes and dress. She turned to face the growing crowd of voyeurs. She rested her back against her boyfriend, placed her heels on the seat, and spread her legs. The men looking in saw the stocky woman with light brown hair presenting herself wearing just her bra and underwear.
Scott cupped a heavy breast and whispered, "They are here for you."
It excited Laura to hear that. She longed to be the center of attention and to be lusted after. More men came up to the car to view the semi-naked, twenty-six-year-old. Scott ran his hands all over her body. He groped her tits through the bra and rubbed her panty-clad pussy.
One of the men yelled, "Show us her tits!" Then, all the guys yelled it.
Scott removed her pretty bra and tossed it on the floor. The men hooted and hollered. Laura's big blue eyes stared directly into the men's hungry eyes. The guys ogled her large breasts.
She had big, soft, saggy tits. Without a bra to support them, her boobs puddled on her chest and slid down onto her stomach. The right nipple faced forward. Her left nipple turned to the side.
The men cheered seeing her naked breasts. Some complimented her. "Wow!" "Those are big ones!" "I'd love to suck on them." "Nice. Natural" "Those are bodacious tatas!"
Others showed her no mercy. One yelled, "Look how saggy her tits are."
Another said, "She has granny tits."
A third commented, "They look like cow udders. Pull on the nipple and see how far they will stretch. I'm guessing two feet!
The crowd had grown to a dozen men. They were vocal. Many were vulgar and belligerent. Most had unzipped their pants. They had their dicks in their hands and were stroking their erections. The insults came one after another. "Honey, come out here, get up on your hands and knees, and shake those shit tits. I'll eat my hat if her nipples don't graze the ground."
One, who had his cock out, and said, "I can't wait to put this dick in between those big tits."
Another said, "I can't wait to feel her sloppy tits."
"What a shame," said an elderly man. "Such a pretty face on the body of a fat cow."
A young man shouted, "She's got dick sucking lips. Big, fat, pouty lips."
Laura was getting wet. Her short, stubby nipples were as hard as they could be. She liked being leered at and she enjoyed being talked about. Even the crude, derogatory comments. Actually, she liked them best.
She wasn't someone who turned heads when out on the street. She was too big. She was powerfully built like an East German swimmer: broad, thick, and strong. She wasn't the cute, slender girl boys asked to dance or bought a drink for at the club.
Now that she was showing her tits, she was being showered with attention. It was an odd situation for her. She had wanted and sought out the attention, but it troubled her. "I don't deserve any praise. Some of these men are saying nice things, but most days men don't compliment me," she told herself. "I'm not sexy. I'm not good enough. I'm a thick girl with saggy, granny tits."
Her mind struggled to deal with being praised tonight when most of the time she was overlooked and ignored. Her way of dealing with the dichotomy was to block out the positive comments and only hear the rude ones.
"Take your underwear off and show us your pussy," shouted one of the voyeurs. Then, the others echoed his call. More than half the guys had their dicks out and were beating off.
Laura obediently removed her lacy panties. She spread her legs and showed them her shaved pussy. The men cheered, stroked their cocks, and stared at her private parts. Laura licked her thick upper lip and stared at them wide-eyed as they stared at her with lust in their hearts.
The men continued to call out comments. "Your pussy looks wet." "Can I have a taste?" I bet it's delicious." That's a pretty pussy." "Girl, you're a joy to behold!" "I love a smoothie."
She didn't hear those words. She heard the other statements. "That's some stench trench." "Look, a shaved poon." "That's an angry snapper." "Look at the fucking lips on her pussy! They're huge!" "They're thicker than a hamburger bun." "Some women have pussies, she has a cunt!" "She's Cuntzilla."
The ugly words didn't upset Scott. He liked showing off his girl. He, like Laura, got a twisted thrill hearing the humiliating comments. He reached around and rubbed her wet pussy. He pulled her lips apart, showed them her pink vagina, and rubbed her swollen clit.
"Oh! Oh!" Laura moaned. Her breathing was audible, her heart was pounding in her chest, and fluid gushed out of her cunt. Her thighs were shining and wet.
Both of them were excited. The men were going crazy too. Some had climaxed. Scott reached down and spread her legs more so the guys could see her brown asshole.
"I'd like to shove my dick up that dank, dark hole." "Bet yours wouldn't be the first!" "No dainty pink one for this fat bitch." "She's a big girl alright." "Chubby." "Chunky." "Thick!" "Her thighs remind me of Nelson's column at Trafalgar Square. Only bigger!" "They say thick thighs make the best earmuffs." "She's thick and as solid as a brick." "She has thunder thighs."
The men laughed and wanked and continued their rude commentary. "You're so fat when you wear a yellow raincoat, people shout "Taxi!" "This bitch is so fat, she sweats gravy." "Her boobs are so big when she showers her feet don't get wet." "She's the reason they had to invent double doors!" "Heifer." "Butterball." "Fatty!" "Baby elephant!"
"Oh. Ohhh!" Laura groaned as her boyfriend rubbed her button. She lay back against him and drank in all the nasty, degrading comments.
"Slut!" "Slag!" "Big pussy, trollop" "Her areolas are huge. They're as big as saucers!"
Laura had never been more aroused and she was sopping wet. Scott was excited and hard as a rock. He groped her boobs, frigged her clit, and used his hands to open her pussy so the guys could get a great view. The crowd of men around the car cheered in appreciation. They enjoyed the show she was putting on.
Then, some punks in a compact sporty coupe with a loud audio system drove by repeatedly. Their aggressive actions, the loud music, and bright headlights frightened Scott and Laura.
"The show's over," Scott announced. He gave Laura her clothes. She dressed and he drove home. They parked and hurried into their place.
"That was amazing," she said. "My body is shaking."
"Yes, that was hot."
They attacked each other as soon as the door was closed. They kissed, groped and ripped each other's clothes off. He was as hard as steel. She was as wet as could be. He threw her on the bed, pounced on her and they fucked. This wasn't making love. This was raw, passionate, physical rutting.
While they had sex, Laura said, "I loved being on display. I loved showing them my tits and pussy, and I loved seeing all those big, hard dicks. Hard because of me!"
"Oh. Oh!" Scott cried out. The hot sex and suggestion that a dozen men wanted to have their way with his woman caused him to blow.
"Oh. Oh! OH! Ohhh." Laura moaned. She came. He body spasmed, her breathing stopped, and pleasure, pure, unadulterated joy surged through her body.
After they rested and recovered, they talked about their evening.
"Babe, that was our best adventure ever," Scott said.
"Yes. My body felt like it was on fire. My nipples were so hard and my pussy was soaking wet."
"I know. I felt your body tremble as the guys looked at you and called you names."
"I can't believe you pulled my legs so far apart and showed them my pussy and asshole!"
"I spread your bum and showed both your holes because that's the dirtiest thing I could think of."
She said in a breathy voice, "After you did that, I wanted to open the door, go outside, and fuck the men. Fuck all of them."
"You're making me hard," Scott said with a laugh.
"Then, use it. Fuck me," the shy woman laughed her sexy, infectious laugh.
They had sex a second time. It was as rough and passionate as their earlier tryst.
^^^September 2011^^^
Laura was in her apartment with her two best friends, Claire and Amy, fellow primary school teachers. The three twenty-something-year-olds were sitting in her living room sharing a bottle of wine and gabbing.
All the women had pretty faces. They were stereotypical English roses with blue or green eyes, high cheekbones, brown hair, and the pale, fair complexion that's natural for people who live in a land that sees so many rainy and cloudy days.
Claire and Amy fit the ideal standard completely. They were petite and graceful. Short and slender. Laura was well off the mark. She was three inches taller and 40-50 pounds heavier than her friends. While her friends were diminutive and elegant, Laura looked thick and imposing. She wasn't fat, she was powerfully built with a thick middle, stout thighs, and a broad ass.
Laura was self-conscious about her Amazonian build. Because of it, she didn't feel pretty and most men agreed. If you needed to plow a field and your tractor was broken or your horse was ill, she was your gal. If you wanted to dance, frolic in the park, or fuck, most men would choose someone else.
Claire said, "So Laura, are you still dating Scott?
"Yes. We've been together six months."
"Ohhh," Amy cooed. "Good for you. How's the sex?"
Laura's face turned red. She attempted to change the subject, "More wine anyone?"
Her friends gently laughed. Amy said, "Sorry, Laura. You're too easy a target for teasing."
"Yes. You're so shy and private. I can't believe you ever let Nigel fuck you in the ass."
Again her friends tittered. Laura, puffed herself up and shook a finger at her friends. "One time. I told you that in the strictest of confidence. I went to you as a friend in need. I was cramping, I had terrible diarrhea the next day, and went like five or six times."
Amy and Claire went to her and hugged her. Amy said, "What bitches we are. I'm sorry no more teasing."
"So everything's good with you and your tall, blond boyfriend?" Claire asked.
Laura took a deep breath, calmed down, and forgave her mischievous friends. She told herself, "They aren't evil. They've been drinking. I know it annoys them that I'm not as open about my sex life as they are."
She said, "Yes. I like Scott and he really gets me."
"Good," Claire said.
"Ha," Amy laughed. She said, "And that's as explicit as our shy Laura will get."
Her friends smiled at her. They went back to their seats and started talking about the upcoming student/teacher conferences at school. Laura tuned out their conversation and said to herself, "What would they think if they knew about this wild side of me that Scott has awakened? These girls drink, party, sleep with men and suck a lot of cocks. What would they think if they knew I was a closet exhibitionist? I seem nice, but I'm really a secret, naughty, sex freak. Scott has helped me see, embrace, and enjoy this side of me."
During a lull in the conversation, Laura said, "Do guys ever ask you to do things?"
Her friends looked at her with surprised expressions. Amy said, "Like, will you suck my dick?"
Claire laughed and said, "Or will you suck my friend's dick too?"
"Can I fuck you in the ass?" Amy said and giggled.
"Will you go out without wearing a bra or panties?" Claire said.
"Can we have sex in public?" Amy added.
Laura blushed, laughed, and said, "Yes. So it's not just me? Have you..."
"Yes!" the two other women said in unison.
"Which things?"
"All of them," Amy answered.
"And more," Claire added.
The women all laughed. When she stopped guffawing, Amy said, "Laura, we're sexual beings. Live. Have fun. If you and your guy want to do things other than holding hands, what's the big deal?"
Claire slipped into teacher mode and lectured her friend. "Be smart. Be safe. Have fun!"
^^^January 2012^^^
Scott was kneeling behind Laura. They were naked and in his bed. She was on her hands and knees. Her head was buried in a pillow. His hard cock was buried in her fabulous pussy. He stroked in and out to the rhythm of her groaning.
"Oh... Oh... Oh... Oh."
He leaned to the side to see her bosom. Her tits were unusually big and unusually long. They stretched toward the ground and swayed from side to side with every thrust. Their shape and motion reminded him of long balloons filled with water. He pushed the near one. It crashed into the other one setting off waves of ripples and jiggles in her soft flesh.
He laughed and said, "These things are outrageous."
She turned her head and gave him a pained look. Her face was red.
He said, "Play with your clit. I'm getting close. I want us to climax together."
She stuck a hand between her legs, her fingers caressed her fat outer labia, and then, settled on her button. She rubbed it forcefully. Scott stopped thrusting into her.
"Oh! Oh!" she cried out.
He slapped her ass and said, "I've never seen an ass so broad or legs so stout. Your backside reminds me of a Challenger 2 tank (the main battle tank of the United Kingdom). Both are big, broad, and capable of withstanding armor-piercing shells."
She came immediately. "Oh. Oh. Ohh!," she cried out as she orgasmed. It was a big one. Glorious feelings spread throughout her body.
He began pounding her from behind and said, "There. There, darling. I know you. I know what it takes to get you off. Have you ever cum harder? I doubt it. It's not my dick or your finger that made you cum. It was my insults. When I spoke disparaging about your body."
His dick fired off inside her vagina. "Ahhh," he groaned. When he was done, he slumped on the bed. Laura collapsed and lay beside him. He cuddled her.
When she had recovered from her climax and worked up her nerve, she asked, "Why did you say I liked your insults?"
"You never accept a compliment. You deflect and protest. It was months before you allowed me to make love to you with the lights on. And you are always apologizing for your sagging breasts, doughy stomach, how your pussy looks, your thick thighs, and the size of your ass.
"You are self-conscious about how you look and no matter how often I tell you, you're beautiful and that I love you, I can't change your mind. Today, was a test. If you're uncomfortable being treated nicely because you have a deep-rooted inferiority complex, perhaps you desire the opposite.
"I was purposely unkind and unloving. I humiliated you and you ate it up. You orgasmed. A good boyfriend gives his girl what she wants, what she needs. If you liked being spanked or being tied up, I'd be negligent if it I didn't do those things. You like being exposed and embarrassed, so I'll do that."
Laura said "I am shy, I am self-conscious about my body, and I'm an exhibitionist who gets off being humiliated. Wow! That's a lot to admit to."
"Yes. And I'm a guy who loves you as you are and gets off showing you off."
They were silent for a while. Scott gave her time to process what had been said. Then, he asked, "Laura, we've been dating for what?"
" Five months. Since August."
"Yes. They've been the best five months of my life."
"Mine too."
"Do you trust me?"
"Yes."
"Will you do something for me?
"Maybe."
He laughed. "Ah, my shy girl. Haven't I been good to you? Haven't I brought you the best orgasms of your life?"
"Yes."
"Do you doubt I that have your best interests at heart? That I love you!"
"I know. I trust you. What do you want me to do?"
"Go out with me tonight for drinks?"
"Sure."
"Wear a short dress."
"All right."
"And no panties."
"Scott!"
"I'm going to humiliate you. You'll sit in public without knickers and spread your legs on my command."
"Okay," she replied softly. Her face was red. Not all the color on her face was due to embarrassment.
^^^
After dinner that night, they went out to a popular bar in a busy part of town famous for its nightlife. He ordered drinks and they went to the second floor. The bar had large glass windows that faced the street. He selected a table by the plate glass windows. Scott said, "This table will do."
Laura went to sit down. "Wait," he said.
He picked up the chairs, turned them to face the street, and he said, "Now you can sit. I want you to keep your legs open. Anyone on the street that wants can look up your dress and see your pussy. Got it?"
She nodded, sat down facing the window, and spread her legs.
"Good girl." He said with a smile. "How do you feel?"
"Naughty. Ashamed. Excited."
"I'm excited too. Let's look out the window and see who notices."
That is what they did. Laura's body trembled with fear, embarrassment, and excitement. She blushed red. The two of them sat there, drank, and occasionally one of them would say, "He noticed." "She saw me." That couple, the one pointing and laughing, they looked up your skirt."
He was hard all evening. Her face was constantly red. Her pussy got wetter and wetter. After an hour or so, he paid their bill and they went home. As soon as they shut the front door, they ripped each other's clothes off. They fornicated on the living room floor.
^^^
Flashing became a staple of their dating lives. Once, they went out to a restaurant that had an open winding staircase one had to climb to get to the toilets. Again, she wore no panties. She went up and down the steps numerous times. Some diners stared at her while she ascended and descended.
When she returned to her table, Scott would say things like, "The young guy with a beard, next to the stairs, looked up your dress" or "The couple to your left, the ones snickering, they saw your pussy."
A waiter came over, carrying a silver champagne bucket filled with ice. A second had a bottle of bubbly, he said, "Sir, Madam, the older gentleman other there." He pointed to a man who nodded toward them. The server continued, "He would like to buy you this champagne. He said, 'Thank you for the vision of beauty.' Do you accept?"
"Absolutely," Scott responded. He and Laura gave their benefactor a wave and toasted him with a glass.
When they got home that night, they fucked each other senseless. Twice.
^^^
They had many flashing experiences where Laura went out not wearing panties. All these trips embarrassed Laura and excited them both. On one occasion, Scott had Laura try on shoes and give a beaver shot to the male sales clerk assisting her. Another time, he had her get her shoes shined while sitting in an elevated chair at a posh hotel. The shoe shiner and others in her vicinity saw up her dress.
In the summer, he had her join the tourists who sit on the steps of the British Museum. She wore a short skirt without panties. Many who came to see a great collection of world art and artifacts were treated to another beautiful object on display.
There were other trips where he had her wear low tops and lean forward pretending to accidentally put her breasts on display. She might be studying items in a store's glass cases or picking up something she dropped or down on one knee tying her shoe or any task that would give nearby men a superb downblouse view of her big tits.
All the trips excited them both and led to hot, nasty sex. As cum dripped out her cunt, they'd discuss her stunt, the people who saw her, how wet she got, and her feeling of humiliation.
^^^
When they returned after another trip to the British Museum where she flashed tourists from the steps, Laura said, "Two university students from America saw my pussy today. I saw one elbow the other and whisper to him. Then, the second young man looked up my dress. They stood there looking up my skirt and then looking me in the eye.
"I got an extra thrill when they realized I knew they've seen me and I still kept my legs open. When they smiled at me, it humiliated further, filled me with shame, and made my pussy ache."
"Oh, wow!" Scott said.
"You know what else I find exciting about flashing my privates? The feeling of being out of control. All week at school, I'm in charge. I have to direct what every student does all school day. There's a freedom, a sense of relief, that comes from being out of control. I had that feeling when I was sitting on the steps. I don't know if or who or when someone will see my pussy. That fills me with tension. The mental stress somehow increases my sexual excitement and makes my juices flow."
^^^June 2012^^^
One Saturday afternoon, Scott said, "Babe, it's a sunny day. Let's go to the park."
"Sounds lovely."
The went to a large park. They walked, talked, and feed the ducks. Then, Scott said, "Let's go on this path."
The path went by a pond, a playground and other popular parts of the park and then, into a secluded area with lots of trees.
"It's quiet here," Scott said.
"Yes. It's like we've left everyone behind," Laura said.
"Kiss me," Scott demanded.
They kissed. One kiss led to another and another. Scott's hand grabbed her breast.
"Hey! Someone will see us."
"Who? No one's around."
"Yes, but they could come by at any second."
Scott grabbed her and held her tight. He kissed her and whispered in her ear, "That makes this all the more exciting." He groped her ass.
"Yes, but..."
He kissed her to shut her up. He slipped his hand inside her shirt and felt her boob, skin-to-skin.
"Emmm," she moaned.
Scott continued to kiss her on the lips and then her neck. He said, "Get your tits out. I want to suck on them."
"Scott!"
"Come on, babe. Live dangerously. No one's around."
She looked around and saw no one. She giggled and then out came her infectious, sexy laugh. She unbuttoned her shirt. Then, she unsnapped her bra and lifted the cups off her breasts.
"Not good enough," he said. "Lose the shirt and bra."
His girlfriend scanned the area, saw no one, heard no one, and removed her shirt and bra. Scott pounced on her chest. He squeezed, caressed, and suck on her tits.
"Oh. Oh," Laura groaned.
Scott feasted on her flesh. Her big, saggy tits hung low and bounced freely. While he sucked her stubby nipples, his hands unbuttoned her shorts. At first, she didn't notice, she was too busy moaning and groaning. Then she said, "No. I'm not getting naked in a public park."
"You can keep your underwear." He pulled her shorts down. They puddled around her ankles. He said, "Lean against the tree, I'll pull your panties to the side and fuck you from behind."
She turned toward the tree. He yanked on her underwear and exposed her cunt. He laughed, "Look how wet you are!" He stuck two fingers into her pussy. When he pulled his digits out, fluid was dripping off them. He showed her the proof on his fingers and said, "You slut! You're loving this."
He licked her goo off his fingers, undid his shorts, pulled them down along with his underwear. His cock was long, thick, and hard. He pulled her underwear to the side and rammed it into her.
"OH!" she cried.
"Oh," he groaned. "Babe, your pussy is so hot. It's on fire."
He fucked her fast and hard like a dog in heat. Her head was on a swivel. She feared they'd be caught and kept a sharp eye out. He pounded her thick backside. He gripped her hips and buried his dick into her.
"Ah. Ahhh. Oh! Ohhhh!" he called out. He came and thrust his dick in hard and deep.
"Take it out! We have to get dressed before someone sees us."
He didn't answer. His brain couldn't process her words. He was on another plane of existence where all he could hear was the sound of blood rushing to his ears and his ragged breathing. All he could feel was bliss.
She pulled herself out of his grasp. The last rope of cum he fired landed on her leg. She scrambled to dress and fell, tripped by her shorts.
"Fuck!" she cried when she hit the ground. She sat on the grass and dressed.
"Hurry! Put your dick away," she chided her boyfriend.
They both managed to dress before anyone saw them. They walked along the path. When they left the secluded are, Laura said, "Take your shirt off and give it to me."
"Why?"
"Because your sperm is oozing out of my cootch. My panties are soaked and any second, there will be a wet spot on my shorts. I'm going to tie your shirt around my waist so the school kids and their moms at the playground don't see it."
He stopped and said loudly, "It's a beautiful day. I think I'll get some sun." He took off his tee shirt. She snatched it from his hand and wrapped it around her midsection.
^^^July 2012^^^
Scott and Laura strode up the walkway to their place with their luggage. She said, "It was great to get away for a week, but it's also great to be back home again."
Scott unlocked the door and they entered their flat. They unpacked. Laura started a load of laundry. Scott sat down at his computer and caught up on his emails. After he dealt with them, he played about.
"This is interesting," he said.
"What?" Laura asked.
"I went to look at some of the naked photos I have of you."
"Didn't you get enough sex on vacation! We shagged every day."
"I can never get enough of you," he said and gave her a wicked smile. "And, it appears, Matt can't either."
"What do you mean?"
"While we were on vacation, Matt came over and fed the fish. While he was here, he looked at my collection of nude photos of you."
"What! Are you sure?" she said. She came over and stood beside him. She looked at the screen. It was full of nude selfies she'd sent him or naked photos he'd talked her into letting him take.
"Yes. I can tell someone open the file and he was the only here."
"Oh! God! I'm so embarrassed."
He laughed, pulled her into his lap, and said, "I'm sure he was pleased and impressed. Your boobs are huge! And your giant, reddish areolas are something special. He's always had a thing for you."
"How can I face him?"
"You'll smile. Make small talk. He'll be undressing you with his eyes. Visualizing your tits. Remembering your fat cunt." He stuck his hand under her skirt and rubbed her pussy through her panties. He continued, "You'll be ashamed. Embarrassed. You'll get wet just like you are now."
He made a fist and ground his knuckles into her sex. She spread her legs to give him better access. He then slid his knuckles back and forth over her clit.
"Oh. Oh. Oh!" she cried.
He kissed her. Next, he bit her neck.
"Ohhh," she gasped.
Bump. Bump. Bump. His knuckles rolled over her button.
"Oh. Ohhhh!" she groaned.
"Stand up," he said. She did and he walked her over to the sofa. He took her soggy panties off and then, he guided her to sit on the edge of the sofa. He undid his pants, pulled them down along with his underwear. His erect cock pointed at her face.
"Suck my cock."
She reached out stroke his erection, she licked her thick pouty lips, opened her mouth and took it inside. Her tongue swirled around the tip of his dick.
"Ahhh," he moaned.
She held the base of his penis as she licked his shaft. Then, again she plunged it into her mouth. She bobbed up and down. He thrust in.
"Show me your saggy tits. Show me the droopy, floppy tits that Matt's seen."
Laura stopped sucking. She reached down and pull her tee shirt over her head. Then, she took off her bra. Her pendulous breasts spilled down her chest. The left one faced off to the side.
"Awesome." He slipped his hands under her udders, lifted them, and then, let them fall. Her soft flesh bounced and quivered. He brought his erection to her mouth. She sucked him until he blew his load.
"Ahhh. Damn!" he cried as he climaxed.
"Eemmm," she shrieked as she struggled to swallow his viscous jism. He pulled his dick out of her mouth and came on her big tits.
"Ah! Ah! Ah!" he cried as he beat off and directed his cum to her breasts. She took it. After he fired his last round, he stopped jerking off, put his hand on her shoulder to steady himself, and took a deep breath.
He enjoyed his orgasm, rested, and then knelt in front of her. She spread her legs wide. He looked at her wet pussy but made no move to touch or lick her. He just looked.
"Come on, don't leave me hanging, Scott," she begged.
He looked at her, raised an eyebrow, and said, "Close your eyes." She did. "Imagine Matt's here. He's seen your picture. Now he's seeing the real thing."
Scott reached out and caressed her hairless slit. He spoke in a different voice. He tried to sound like Matt. He said, "Laura, you're so beautiful. I never thought I'd have his chance. God! Your pussy lips are so big. I smell you. I have to taste you."
He leaned in and attacked her cunt. He ate her like a hungry wolf.
She still had her eyes closed. She imagined it was Matt. Her emotions ran wild in her head. She was excited about the idea of Matt eating her pussy. She was embarrassed she smelled and had such large labia. She was ashamed that her heart was beating so fast, that her pussy was so hot and so wet, and that she loved the idea of their friend, Matt, having sex with her.
These thoughts swirled in her head as Scott gave her oral sex. It all culminated in a gigantic climax. Her powerful thighs snapped closed on her boyfriend's head as she came and screamed.
"OHH! Ohhh!" Ohhhh!"
^^^August 2012^^^
"Come on, boys," Scott said. "Get a beer. The game's about to start."
Rich said, "I can't believe West Ham got promoted to the Premier League."
"Twenty says they beat Aston Villa today," Stu said.
"Aston doesn't have a chance," Rich agreed.
Laura stood and said, "I leave you guys to enjoy this game. For me, if it's not Arsenal on the television, it's not worth watching."
She laughed. The guys jeered her as she walked out of the room. The guys all had their favorite football teams. Two things they had in common was a love of beer and a hatred of the successful London football team.
"Fuck you and all Gooners," Stu said good-naturedly. (FYI The real nickname for Arsenal is 'The Gunners'. Poor articulation and a desire of opposing fans to insult Arsenal fans, causes them to say 'Gooners')
Laura went upstairs. She read and then called Amy.
Laura said, "Hi, Amy. I'm hiding upstairs while Scott, Stu, and Rich watch football. Can you hear them yelling?" She held out the phone and then returned it to her ear.
Amy said, "Best you stay away. They can burst your eardrums with all the cheering and cursing."
Laura laughed and added, "No to mention, the other wonderful things I'd be treated to. The belching and farting!"
"Guys in a group are bad. Guys watching football, are horrible! What do we see in them?"
"Their paycheck!"
"Hopefully a firm six inches," Amy said. The women cracked up. While she laughed, Laura scratched her pussy.
Amy said, "Good luck. I've got to run."
"Okay. Me too. I need to shave my legs and puss. The prickly hairs are making me itch. Bye."
Laura hung up the phone. She went into the upstairs hall bathroom. She pushed the door closed and turn on the faucets for the tub. She adjusted the temperature. While she waited for the tub to fill, she stripped and gathered her supplies.
The door didn't close completely. It never did. Part of the charm of an older building. She wasn't concerned. The game would keep the guys occupied and if they needed to use a bathroom, there was a toilet downstairs.
She turned off the faucets and eased her body into the warm water. She closed her eyes and soaked for a good five minutes. The warm water softened her hair and would make shaving easier.
Laura stood and got out of the tub. She dried off her upper body and then hung up the towel. She wasn't very flexible. She found it worked best if she stood on the bathroom floor and put her foot on the edge of the tub to shave. That's what she did today. She grabbed her can of shaving cream, sprayed some on her hand, and then rubbed it on her lower right leg. She proceeded to shave the area below her right knee.
Stu stood, stretched and said, "This is a good match. I'm surprised no one scored in the first half"
"Yes, both teams have had good chances," Scott said. "Anyone need a beer?"
Rich laughed and said, "Yes, but first I need to get rid of the ones I've already had."
Stu said, "Me too." He grimaced and said, "I don't think that bean dip agreed with me. Excuse me." He hurried to the downstairs toilet.
Scott said, "Rich, you know where the other bathroom is. Top of the stairs. Sounds like this toilet will be occupied for a while."
"Thanks." Rich climbed the carpeted stairs. When he got to the top, he saw the bathroom door was ajar. Through the opening, he saw a mirror. In the mirror, he saw Laura naked, bending over, and shaving her legs. Her head was down. She was preoccupied with the task at hand so he was able to study her.
He saw her in profile and got a great view of her right boob. The big unit was hanging free.
"Damn!" Rich said to himself. "I knew she had big ones, but this is ridiculous! It's fat and long. Her saggy tit must be six, eight inches long. Her areolas are huge and red. The nipple is short and fat. I shouldn't do this, but fuck. She's focused on not cutting herself."
Rich got his phone out of his pocket. He began filming her. He didn't move or make a sound.
Stu stayed on the toilet. Scott watched the highlights of the first half. Laura carefully shaved her legs. And Rich filmed his friend's nude wife.
After she shaved her lower right leg, Laura got more cream and did the upper leg. Next, she worked on her left one. Periodically, she stuck the razor in the tub water, swished it around to clean it, and then, continued shaving.
She shifted her body and twisted and turned so Rich saw both giant, saggy breasts and glimpses of her cunt. He got great views of her broad ass and powerful thighs. Once when she bent over to clean the blade, he saw her butt crack and anus.
"Oh my God!" Rich said to himself. "She's going to shave her pussy!"
Laura put her foot on the edge of the tub, turned her leg out, giving her access to her pussy and giving Rich a great view of it. She slathered on some shaving cream and proceeded to shave her sex. She pulled various parts of her skin taut to shave closely and Rich captured it all. He saw her fat, hamburger bun cunt lips and flashes of pink, the interior of her vagina.
Rich was fully hard. He lusted after the big, thick woman with the big, saggy tits. "I better leave," he told himself. "Before I get caught."
He slowly and quietly turned and went downstairs.
Scott called out to him when he returned, "I was about to send a search party out for you!"
"Ahh, yes." He laughed a little too loud and a little too long.
Stu returned and sat on the sofa beside Rich. Scott stood and said, "The second half will be starting in a bit. I'll refill the chips and dip." He grabbed the bowls and went into the kitchen.
Rich nudged Stu, pulled out his phone, and played the video of Laura. "Holy fuck! She's naked. Look at them tits."
Scott filled the bowls and headed back into the living room. He saw his mates studying a phone. He quietly peeked over their shoulders and he saw his wife shaving. Her big titties were hanging down, dangling and swaying. He smiled and said to himself, "I can hardly wait to tell Laura that the boys saw her naked today. Maybe she already knows. Maybe she did it on purpose. Hmmm."
He stepped back into the kitchen and waited. He gave his friends time to view the whole video. Then, he said loudly to alert his friends that he was about to enter the room, "I still think West Ham can take them."
Rich shut off his phone and whispered to his best friend, "I'll send it to you." Then he turned to Scott and said, "You're right. Aston Villa doesn't have a chance."
The boys watched the game. When it was over, they hurried out. They wanted to watch the video. Scott walked them to the door and then went upstairs. He found his wife lying on her bed reading. He smiled and said, "Hello, gorgeous. I understand you shaved today."
"Yes. Wait. How did you know?"
"I saw the video. Rich went upstairs to take a piss and came back with a video of you on his phone. Naked. Shaving."
"Of my God!" she said, Her hand went to her mouth and touched her thick lips. Her face turned red.
Scott crawled onto the bed. He stuck his head under her skirt, he reached up and pulled her panties down. He kissed her freshly shaved pussy and said, "Rich and Stu will be beating off tonight to the view of your pussy."
"I'm so embarrassed."
Scott diddled her sex and rubbed her clit. "You've nothing to be ashamed of. You have great tits, a great ass, and a great pussy!" He ate her until she was as wet as he was hard. Then he turned her over and plowed her from behind. The sex was rough.
"Who are you thinking of, love. Whose dick are you imagining is in you?"
"Oh. Ohhh! Ohhh!" she cried.
His fiancée came. He fucked her pulsating vagina and he too climaxed.
^^^2013^^^
"Laura, will you have this man to be your husband; to live together in the covenant of marriage? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all others, be faithful to him as long as you both shall live?" the clergyman asked.
Laura answered, "I will."
The celebrant turned to the man and said, "Scott, will you have this woman to be your wife; to live together in the covenant of marriage? Will you love her, comfort her, honor and keep her, in sickness and in health; and, forsaking all others, be faithful to her as long as you both shall live?"
"I will," he said.
^^^2013^^^
"Push. Push!" the doctor said. She studied Laura's vulva and watched the baby being born.
"It's a boy!" the doctor announced.
^^^ August 2013^^^
Scott went to meet his buddies at the pub. Rich saw him enter and shouted, "Stu, he's here. Get him a beer." Stu was up at the bar. He nodded.
Scott hurried over to Rich and said, "Sorry, I'm late. The baby."
"Enough said," his friend gave him an understanding smile. "Big changes this year. You got married. Became a dad. Lot's of adjusting. Stu's getting you a drink. We can sit and watch the game."
"Yes. Lots of changes. I can't wait for my life and my sex life to get back to normal."
Rich slapped him on the back and they shared a laugh.
^^^August 2015^^^
"Put your money away. This round's on me," Stu said. "You've got a wife and kids to take care of.
"Thanks," Scott said.
Stu came back with three beers. Rich, Stu, and Scott watched their club play Arsenal. They cheered, cursed, and drank as usual. And as usual, their team came up short.
Stu said, "Damn. They had opportunities, but didn't score."
Rich said, "At the 80th minute, how'd he miss it? It was a sitter. He should have buried it!"
"Are we talking about my love life or the game?" Scott joked.
They all took a long drink and wondered how their team missed the simplest chance to score a goal. Stu shook his head said, "I can't believe we lost one-nil again."
"So Scott," Rich said. "You having trouble scoring at home?" He and Stu snickered.
"She's a good girl. We fuck. It's just I miss the wilder days when we were dating."
^^^Valentine's Day 2016 -- a Sunday^^^
Amy, Claire, and Laura sat on a bench at the park drinking tea and watching Laura's kids play on the playground. Laura said, "Thanks for meeting me here. I'm really glad to see you. With school, the kids and the house, it's so hard to find time for anything else."
Amy said, "We understand. The kids need you."
"How are you and Scott?" Clair asked. "I hear from other friends how they neglect their spouse because of the demands of their jobs and children."
"Fine," she said automatically.
"That sounded flat and half-hearted," Amy said concerned. "When was the last time you shagged him properly? You know, legs shaved?"
The three of them laughed. Laura said, "I'm embarrassed to say it's been a while. We try to have 'date nights' but one of the kids get sick or it's his job or mine. He's good about it but he does complain about missing that girl he used to date. The playfully, carefree girl that did daring things."
Claire said, "That's what I meant. Don't neglect your guy and jeopardize your marriage. We all know too many people who had children and then, got divorced."
They all nodded. Amy said,"It's Valentine's Day. Go home. Take a bath, shave everything, and surprise him. Do something you both enjoyed. I'll watch the kids. I'll feed them pizza and they can sleep at my house."
"Would you?" Laura said. "That'd be great. Thanks."
Laura kissed her friends. She ran over to her kids and told them they were going home with Amy. Then, she called Scott on the phone. When he answered, she said, "Amy's taking care of the kid. I have a special night planned for us. We're going dogging. I'll be ready to walk out the door at six."
"All right!" he shouted.
Then, she rushed home bathed, shaved, and dressed appropriately. She greeted her husband at the door with a kiss. "Take a shower and get changed. We're going out to dinner and then dogging. The sooner you are ready, the sooner the fun starts!"
"I love you," he said. He ran up the stairs, ripping off his clothes. He took the stairs two at a time.
When he came down he saw her sitting in a chair. Her short skirt was hiked up and she was drinking a martini. She smiled and spread her legs. He saw her bare beaver and said, "Wow! To what do I owe this?"
"You're a good husband and father. I sometimes forget you are also a man."
She grabbed her clutch bag, the keys to the car, and said, "Let's go!"
She drove to the restaurant and parked. "This is a nice place," he said.
"I didn't pick it for the ambiance or the food," she said.
She went up to the hostess and said, "Scott and Laura. I believe you have a table for us?"
"Yes. This way," the tall, slender, hot, young thing said. She led them to the table nearest the floor to ceiling glass wall. It overlooked the river and a winding path. The hostess left. Scott sat and said, "So why did you pick this place?"
Laura turned her chair so it faced the northbound lane of the path. She perched herself on the edge of the chair and spread her legs wide. She smiled at her husband and said, "I was remembering a day before we were married and before we had children when we indulged ourselves in our sexual whims and perversions.
"Do you remember that shy girl who allowed you to draw out her real nature? She'd been suppressing her inclinations. She was embarrassed to admit she liked sex and that she liked exposing herself."
"Yes. Vaguely," Scott said.
The waiter came over and they gave him their drink order. After he walked away, they resumed their discussion. Laura said, "She's back. That girl got lost in a haze of kids, work, and a hurried, cluttered life. Look up. Look up!"
"What?" Scott asked. He looked up and saw a ceiling.
"Look up!"
Scott looked up again and then he looked around. He saw an elderly gentleman walking northbound on the path. He had his dog with him and was looking down talking to the mutt. Then, as if he heard Laura's command, the gentleman looked up.
His eyes widened, a smile crept onto his face, he paused and stared at Laura's pussy. It was just above eye level for him. His dog tugged and tugged on the leash, but the man stayed and studied her cunt. He then looked Scott and Laura in the face, tipped his hat, and resumed his stroll.
"That was fun," Laura said. "I've missed that. How about you?"
"Yes! I love my wife, but I miss my playful lover. We had such adventures!"
"Yes. We had great adventures and then, we'd hurry home and have sex. We'd talk about how we felt and what we did and we'd fuck again. That girl is back."
Scott and Laura ate their meal. The food was good, the service was excellent, but what made it memorable was the five men that looked up and saw Laura's glistening pussy. They paid the check and went for a drive.
"Where are you taking me?" Scott asked playfully.
"You'll see."
She drove further and pulled into the woodland parking lot. The same one where they'd gone dogging years ago. She said, "Things have changed since we were last here."
Scott looked around. The area looked the same to him. He asked, "How so?.
While she drove into the park, she handed him her phone and said, "I have written a text. Will you push send for me?"
He did. She said, "Back in the day, a couple parked, waited for people to find them and then, did their thing. Now, many of these spots are well known. You can post pictures and info, like when you are going to be there and what you are going to do.
"I've been posting naked photos of me online and telling our fellow perverts to look for me tonight. That text told them I'm here."
"The world is wired and so much more efficient," Scott said.
Laura parked the call, turned on the dome light. She kissed her husband. By the time they came up for air, a dozen men surrounded the car. She turned the heat up, he cracked the window to keep the windows from fogging, and she undressed. She tossed her shoes and dress in the back seat and turned to face her audience in a sexy, lacy bra and panties set.
The men hooted and hollered. "Show us your tits!" A chant went up "Titties! Titties! Titties!"
She undid her bra and tossed it aside. Her big, heavy breasts tumbled down her chest.
"Wow!" They are some big 'uns! "Sad and saggy! "Those are sweet looking melons." "Granny, is that you?"
Like last time the comments were split 50:50, but Scott and Laura craved the vulgar put-downs and those were the ones they heard from the twenty men wanking and shouting. Scott played with her tits. He shook them, pulled on her nipples, and held them up just to let them fall so the guys could see them quiver and shake.
They heard the derogatory comments. "Them's are tummytitties." "Zeppelins!" "Pencil test? Hell, this woman could hold a rolling pin with her heavy, saggy knockers!" "They hang lower than the ears of my beagle!" "Floppy bazooms!" Heavy hangers!" Flabby boobs!" Droop much?"
The guys had their dicks out. They started to chant, "Panties. Panties. Panties!"
Laura shucked them off and threw them out the window. A young man caught them and smelled them. Soon, they were being passed around and the big, wet spot on them was enjoyed by a dozen men.
The guys continued to look at her, to beat off, and to yell. They commented on her boobs, pussy, and body. Sometimes they were positive and encouraging. Scott and Laura were interested in the degrading ones. Those were the one that they enjoyed.
"Stinking beaver." Her underwear is full of twat poop!" "Skunk cunt!" "She's got a fish barrel between her legs." "She smells like a three-day-old pink taco!" "That pussy is a hazardous waste site!" "Odorific pokehole." "Poon tang!" "Devil's pussy." "Cunt monster."
"She's a big, old country girl." "I guess an ass that size needs thighs that big." "Be nice, she could crush us all with those thighs!" "Fat bitch!" "Beached whale!" "Sow with huge udders!" "What's her sorority? Omega Moo!" "She's a porkupine!"
While the guys called out these hideous comments, Scott played with Laura's boobs and pussy. He displayed them in the nastiest ways possible. He opened her vagina and made sure they saw her asshole.
"Oh. Oh!" Laura cried. "I'm loving this."
"Me too."
"I want to do more."
"Like what?" her husband asked.
"The things we used to talk about. The things you told me you wanted me to do. Hand me my purse."
Scott gave her her clutch bag. She reached in and pulled out two condoms. She showed them to her stunned husband, sat up, and opened the door. She grabbed her warm UGG boots from the back seat and slipped them on.
An old man stepped forward and said, "You're so beautiful. You remind me of my wife, Felicity. She's been gone twelve years. Dang, it. I was going to cum from looking at you. Now, I've lost my hard-on."
She looked at the bearded man. Half his teeth were gone. He smelled. His appearance disgusted her. Yet his words charmed her and turned her on. She leaned down and took his dirty, limp dick into the mouth.
"Oh, God! Bless you!"
She sat in the car with her feet in her warm boots on the ground. The old man stood between her legs. She blew him with the same enthusiasm she showed her husband. It got him hard and then, got him off.
"Oh. Ahhh!" The old man came. She swallowed some and then pulled off. The man grabbed his cock and stroked the rest of his cum out. It landed on her boobs. She laughed and laughed her sexy, infectious laugh.
"Bless you, child," the old man said. He stepped back and others rushed forward shouting, "Do me!" "Suck my dick!" "Me! Me!"
She pointed to a young guy and said, "Put this on and you can fuck me." She handed him a condom. He ripped it open and rolled it on his thick dick. She looked at a bald, overweight, middle-aged guy and said, "Do you want a blowjob?"
He nodded bobbing his head like a parakeet trying to attract a mate. She stepped away from the car and bent over at the hip. She presented her ass to the young stud and said, "Fuck me. Hard."
He didn't need to be asked twice. He got behind her, she grabbed his cock and guided it home. She was very wet. His thick cock slid in easily. "Emmm. Nice," she said as he bottomed out inside her.
Then she beckoned to the middle-aged guy. He came forward. She wrapped her hand around his puny dick and brought it to her mouth. She sucked the little dick while a big one slammed into her. The young man fucked her forcefully. She absorbed his thrusts. Her stout thighs and big ass were so strong he couldn't even rock her forward.
The men groaned enjoying having sex with this anonymous woman. She was shaking. An orgasm was building inside her. She couldn't vocalize because she was blowing the bald guy.
"Fuck!" the middle-aged man cried out and came. A measly half mouthful of cum came out of his prick. He pulled out of her mouth quickly. Suddenly his dick was overly sensitive.
"Fuck me. Fuck me!" she hollered at the young stud. He picked up his pace.
"Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhh!" she cried out as she came in front of strangers.
"Oh. OH!" the young man groaned and he climaxed.
The copulating couple froze and felt their bliss. The young man pulled out, went over to the car and leaned against it to recover. A half dozen guys came to Laura. They mauled her body. Hands groped her breasts and butt. Fingers penetrated her ass and cunt.
She was still leaning over. Three dicks were shoved in her face. She laughed. A deep laugh, expressing excitement and joy, rolled out of her. She felt like a kid in the candy store. She looked at the three cocks in her face and then, she stood and looked at the hard dicks around her. She selected another.
There was a black man in the crowd. She said, "I've never kissed or had sex with a black man."
The black gentleman recognized his opportunity. He stepped forward and said, "Tonight, you shall do both." They came to each other. Lust shone brightly in their eyes. His hands held her face and they kissed as if they were longtime lovers.
"Emmm," she moaned and then, slipped her tongue into his mouth.
One of his hands went to her breasts. He hefted a big, long, and heavy teat. Someone behind her, someone she didn't know and couldn't see, was fingering her pussy. Laura loved it. She spread her legs and gave him access. The black man began sucking on her tit.
"Oh! Ohhh!" she groaned.
This went on for a minute. She luxuriated in the scene and sensations. Scott and the other men watched and wished it was them who was lucky enough to be with the thick woman with the pretty face.
Laura raised her left hand, offered the last condom to the black man, and said, "Will you fuck me?"
"Yes, Aphrodite. Goddess of beauty and love." He took the condom and quickly put it on.
She moved to the car, leaned over, and placed her hands on the front hood. Scott and the other men moved to have a good view of her having sex. The black man undid his pants and pulled down his underwear. They gathered around his ankles. He took her from behind. He entered her gently and, at first, they leisurely made love in a relaxed manner as if they were old lovers.
Laura's orgasm was building and building. "Oh...Oh...Oh...Oh..." she cried out in rhythm with his strokes. She glanced at the crowd with hooded eyes. She smiled at her husband. He had his cock in his hand. He rubbed his cock like the others. That pleased her.
"OH! OH!" she moaned loudly and without the least bit of embarrassment.
The black man groaned, "Ohhh!" He knew she was close. Her pussy was hot and slick. She was moving her hips more forcefully and rapidly. He grabbed her hips and pounded his prick into her again and again and again!
"OHMYGOD!" she cried and climaxed.
"Ohhhhhh," the black man called out as he too orgasmed. He drove in deep and held his cock there. The condom swelled with his sperm. When he was done, he rolled away and sat bare-assed on the car.
Scott immediately went to his wife. He pulled his trousers and underwear down to his knees. He stepped behind her and shoved his aching cock into her hole. "Ohhh," he cried feeling the welcoming warmth and wetness of her cunt.
His actions surprised Laura. She looked to see who was in her. She laughed seeing the look of lust and desperation on his face. Scott only managed a couple of thrusts before he came.
"Fuck!" he cried. He pressed his hips against her ass and filled her with his cum.
The big woman laughed her joyful, sexy, infectious laugh. Scott pulled out and joined the black man sitting against the car gasping for air.
A half dozen guys came forward, jacking off furiously. One by one they came, ropes of cum flew out of their dicks and onto her body. The other men cheered the wankers on. Scott watched in amazement.
Laura loved it and continued to laugh. Soon she was covered in cum. Other men shouted, "Let me fuck you!" "I'll rock your world." "Have my baby!"
She said, "Thanks, guys. Another time. It's been a wonderful evening. We'll do this again!"
She turned to her husband and said, "Scott, there are towels in the truck. Give me one to sit on, one to wipe this spunk of me, and take me home."
He pulled on his clothes and got the towels. She wiped her body, waved and blew a kiss to the crowd, and then, got into the car. Her fans cheered her as she and Scott drove away.
The men shouted, "Come back soon!" "Fuck me next time!" "Hurry back!"
They drove in silence for a bit. Laura was naked. She asked, "So was it good for you?"
"Yes. You dirty slut! I loved every minute!"
"Me too," she said grinning broadly. "We have to do this again soon."
"Abso-fucking-lutely!" her husband shouted. "How about Easter!"
The End