Friday Morning, Still snowing.
Have you ever had a dream that felt so real? I was dreaming that Heather had not moved all night from laying on me and had taken advantage of my morning hard-on and was riding and grinding on me. The only thing that was odd about this dream was how long it was lasting. As it kept going, Heather let out a moan and suddenly my eyes popped open and it was not a dream, but she was in fact sitting on my cock and had me impaled as deep as I could go in her. It was no surprise that as soon as she started to shake and orgasm, my own orgasm exploded inside of her. She leaned over and whispered to me
"Good Morning love"
I returned her greeting with a kiss as she laid back down on me. I could still feel my cock, now not as hard as a rod, but still with life in it. I could feel my cum mixing with her orgasm, but she kept me inside of her. After a few minutes of lying there together, she pushed herself up a little, but still keeping me inside her. She stared at me for a minute, leaned over and gave me a tender loving kiss.
"You know I love you with all of my heart" she suddenly said. I nodded to her and smiled.
"I don't know what happened last night with Sarah watching us, but I have not been that turned on in a long time." She paused, seemingly unsure of what to say next. Then with a slightly sheepish look, she looked right into my eyes and in a rush said
"I want to watch Sarah give you a blow job! I don't know what came over me, but I am so turned on just by thinking of watching this."
Needless to say, I was kind of stunned into silence, and thinking better, I didn't say anything yet. After waiting for a minute, Heather continued
"Please, will you do this for me?"
After a minute of thinking, I replied "Okay sweetie, for you, I will try and get her to do that."
Her face lit up then! There was a twinkle in her eye, but the naughty kind. I could see how excited she was when I agreed to this. She was still sitting on my cock and she started to move a little more from the excitement. My cock started pulsing again and I could feel the beginnings of it growing again. But before I could get hard, she stopped suddenly and disengaged herself from me. My semi hard cock popped out of here and I could see the combination of her pussy and my cum all over my cock. Heather looked down and then looked at me and said questioningly,
"Now? Can you do it now? I'm not sure I can wait for later or next week. Do it now and do not clean yourself off. Make her clean your cock!"
That gleam in her eye was getting brighter and brighter, but there was also a look of desire there too.
"Sweetie, ok, but what about Mike?"
Heather looked at the clock, and said "It's almost 8, he'll be going through his morning routine shortly. Do it when the shower turns on"
I slipped on a bath robe, but didn't put anything on under it. My cock in its semi hard state covered in Heathers and my pleasure just swinging under the robe. As we got to the door, we could hear movement from the next room. Right before 8, Mike came out of his room and after saying morning, he headed to the bathroom. Sarah, right behind him and looking a little tired, also said her good mornings and headed downstairs to the kitchen. Mike looked at us and said
"Sarah's going to make us breakfast, pancakes and bacon. Should be ready in 30 minutes when I'm done in here."
If Mike or Sarah had seen the look that Heather gave me, it would have frozen the both of them. I had never seen anyone look lustier than Heather did right now.
Heather reached out and gave me a swat on the ass and out loud said "I'll meet you down stairs in a few sweetie, go ahead and get the coffee brewing." Good thing no one else saw the wink that was included.
So, here I go, heading downstairs to try and seduce my roommate's girlfriend, all with my girlfriends blessing. This has got to be the most interesting snow day ever!
Now remember that Sarah is a bigger girl than Heather is. A lot taller and bigger breasted. She was also a much fuller girl. She might have been a big girl, but there was nothing fat on her. I got to the kitchen and Sarah was there getting things ready to start to make breakfast for everyone. When she looked up and as our eyes met, I could see that there was something there that was embarrassed. She was still thinking about last night and the movie. She didn't see a whole lot of those movies, but she did see a lot of me pleasuring Heather. But there was also longing in those eyes. I could tell that she spent a long night thinking about it and not getting any action.
Smiling, I walk into the kitchen saying morning and I reached out to her and gave her a hug. I made sure that it the hug had a lot of body in it. Sarah was a little shocked at first, but I felt her melt into it and she started to hug me back. I disengaged from her and turned around to the fridge. I could see out of the corner of my eye that she was still standing there, her breathing was a little heavier than normal. As she collected herself, she turned around back to getting ready to get breakfast going. I got the coffee out of the freezer and turned back to her.
Sarah's back was towards me. I reached passed her on one side and put the coffee on the counter in front of her, but made sure that I pressed my body against hers at the same time. I felt the sharp intake of her breath as I pressed closer into her. With my free hand, I wrapped it around her waist and pulled her back into me for another good hug. I mentioned earlier that she was a lot taller than Heather, being close to 5'10. I leaned into her and lightly breathed on her neck before pulling away again.
I actually felt the disappointment as I turned back around and started to fill the coffee put with water. I turned around and she was right behind me, a lusty look in her eye and she reached out and hugged me tightly while breathing rapidly. I put the water down and pushed her back just a little. I looked her at her right in the eyes.
"Please", she said, "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since the first movie yesterday."
I take her hands and slowly move them to my chest, under my robe. Sarah took over from there, she started to caress me slowly at first, but then with a greater sense of urgency. When her hands got down to where my robe was tied, she hesitated. Looking her right in the eyes, I untied the robe, allowing it to fall open and it gave her hands a way to go. Right then, we could hear the shower starting. Mike was just getting in now. Knowing that our time was running out, I took Sarah's hand and started to push it in the direction of my cock. She did not fight me at all and it wasn't but another second that she was touching my cock finally!
Her hand slowly closed around my semi hard cock and squeezed gently. It was another second before she realized that my cock was sticky. She looked at me questioningly and I replied to her
"Heather jumped me this morning and I hadn't been able to clean up yet."
"So, part of this is Heather?" she asked.
"Yes, sorry"
I thought it would end there, but Sarah just stroked me more, not saying anything, but just holding my cock. Now, my cock isn't a Ron Jeremy cock, but neither is it small. It's close to 8 inches fully hard, but it is also thick. Sarah was just starting to find out how big it got. As she stroked me, I got thicker and harder. It took her a minute to realize what she was holding as I was now hard. She took one look and knelt down and opened her mouth and licked the underside of the head of my cock. It was a tentative lick, a scared one, like she would never get to do that again. But as she continued to lick my cock, she also finally realized what she was licking off of me and I could see her eyes close as she started to really enjoy it.
From the corner of my eye, I saw movement on the stairs. It was Heather! Her own robe was partly open and she was touching a nipple as she watched Sarah continue to lick my still growing cock. Despite having had sex less than 30 minutes ago and again last night, my cock was for sure a very willing participant.
Sarah's tongue licked down on the top side of my cock and then back up on the bottom, but this time, she opened her mouth wide and took the head of my cock into her mouth! She was not ready for my girth! She was only able to take my head in before she gasped and came off my cock. Luckily she is not a quitter and she tried again, this time she was more ready for me and was able to take a little more in as well as to play her tongue around my cock head. Since she had not been able to take all of me in, yet, she was also stroking me at the same time. It is a good feeling to be sucked and stroked.
What happened next, neither of us were ready for. As Sarah continued to suck me, I failed to notice that Heather had come down the stairs until she was right behind Sarah. She had her phone in her hand and was quietly taking a video of Sarah sucking and stroking me! Sarah still did not hear her until she got right next to hear head and said
"It's a nice cock, isn't it?"
Well, of course Sarah nearly jumped out of her skin, but Heather just put a hand on her shoulder and pushed her back down and told her
"Keep sucking, make him cum!"
Sarah tried to talk, but Heather just pushed her head forward and said
"I said suck him, don't say anything else!"
Sarah seemed a little confused and more hesitant, but another push from Heather got her going again. Heather was encouraging Sarah, helping her stroke me and trying to push Sarah deeper on my cock. She was getting a little further down, but not very much past the throbbing head of my cock. As Sarah now understood what she was supposed to do, it freed Heathers hands up for other activities. Heather started to reach into Sarah's robe and down her shirt until she had those heavy breasts in her hands, slowly stroking them and gently playing with the nipples. Sarah was enjoy this, just based on her movements. The more Heather touched her and pinched her nipples, the less she seemed able to suck me. Heather noticed very soon and pinched both of Sarah's rock hard nipples between her fingers and pinched down on them!
Sarah tried to pull aware from Heather, but she could not go anywhere. She then tried to stop sucking me, but Heather just pushed her head further down on my cock. I was starting to really fill Sarah's mouth now. And to really get Sarah going now, Heather reached down, past her breasts to her panties! Heather slipped her slim hand down her panties and as she reached the top of her mound, I could hear her say to Sarah
"You're not shaved??!! Why not? I expect that this be gone later today!"
Sarah could only nod as waves of her own pleasure started to take control of her body. I could only guess that Heather was really fingering Sarah's pussy good and fast. Sarah was having a most difficult time keeping her mind on the task in front of her, my cock!!
For my own part, I had never seen this side of Heather, and I was enjoying it! I could feel to starting of my own pleasure building up and I knew that I would soon cross the point of no return. Heather continues to pleasure Sarah to the point where Sarah was shaking and having a very hard time staying on my cock. But that was not stopping me. Heather could tell that I was close too. She pressed her attack home and unable to control it, Sarah gasped and had a very hard orgasm right there on the kitchen floor with my cock in her mouth! Not letting Sarah rest, Heather pressed her down further on my cock, knowing that I like it when She took me as deep as she could.
Sarah for her own part, seemed to come alive again and with her hand still wrapped around my cock, she stroked me a lot faster and sucked me just a little deeper. Sarah was clearly not used to sucking a large cock (something we would need to work on!), but even should could tell that I was just about ready to cum! She stroked me quickly and then tried to take me out of her mouth, so I could cum on here tits, but Heather was not having any of that either!
"Take his cum! Suck him dry! Let him cum in your mouth!" Said Heather and she backed that up by pushing her down on me again. It's been a long while since I've gotten to cum in someone's mouth, but I was more than ready for it! My cock swelled in that pre-orgasm ritual and it must have filled Sarah's mouth to the last extreme. Both Sarah and Heather were stroking me now and that was about all I could take! The first explosion took Sarah by surprise and she almost had it go all over the place. The second wave was almost a large, but by the third and fourth strong pulsing jet of cum, she could no longer hold any more in her mouth. It was dripping out of the sides, down onto her breasts.
Heather still refused to let Sarah stop and held her head there until Sarah had to swallow my offering. Having cum three times, and good ones at that, in less than 12 hours, my cock quickly started to shrink, and not a minute too soon. The three of us were all there in the kitchen, Sarah panting on her knee's, Heather behind her with one hand on my cock and the other pinching Sarah's nipple (I didn't see that before) and me standing a bit jelly legged in front of both of them. And right then, we heard the shower turn off. Mike was about to come down stairs!
Sarah looked a little scared as she suddenly realized what had happened, but leave it to Heather again to calm her down.
"This is our secret! We are not done with you by far! If you are willing to become ours, we will ensure pleasure like you have never known!"
Sarah looked wide eyed at Heather and then at me and back again. She didn't say anything, but nodded in agreement.
Heather went on "Stay with Mike, but no more sex for a while with him!" Sarah nodded in agreement. "and shave that pussy later today. You will text us a picture of it too so we know." Again a little nod of agreement. "Now go and brush your teeth and then you can finish making breakfast."
Sarah went upstairs then and right past Mike who was getting out and she closed the door to brush her teeth. When we were alone, Heather turned to me, smiled and gave me a huge hug.
"That was fantastic! I was so excited! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!"
"Anything for you" I replied.
"Anything?" Heather asked, with a sheepish grin.
"Of course!"
"I'll start with some coffee then and we'll see where we can go from there."
I smiled at her and turned again to make the coffee. Just then, Mike came down and looked around wondering where breakfast was.
"That was our fault Mike" I said.
Just then Sarah came down stairs with a little bounce in her step and a smile on her face.
"Sorry Honey, I'm making breakfast now" and Sarah se to making everyone breakfast.
When the coffee was made and breakfast ready, we all sat down and Sarah served us all. She look at us with a sly look and gave me an extra helping of eggs and said "you need to keep your energy up with your busy schedule coming up!" The wink she gave me was not seen by Mike, but it was clear as to what she was thinking of.