This is purely fiction any correlation to real people is completely happenstance.WarningThis story contains depictions of coerced male on male oral intercourse. The misquote Austin Powers if this is not your bag baby, do not read it.
It was a warm early spring Friday. I was attending a math class in my third semester at a prestigious private western University. The sun was already powerful even at this early spring angle. My math professor a captivating Asian beauty was reviewing a Discontinuous Function problem. It was the three O'clock class, my last class for the day. She was already priming us for the final exam, which was only several weeks away. My eyes focused on her shapely bottom straining against her tight polyester blend pleated skirt as she quickly drew the elliptical graph on the white board. The lower edge of the white lace of her thigh high stockings just came into view as her skirt rode up as she reached to finish the top of the graph. Her body and sexy attire were very distracting. She was stunningly beautiful and only about forty years old. Her skin was a light milky cream color and she was 5 foot six. Her light skin color was very common for women from Korea and Japan. I found it to be the loveliest skin color on any woman anywhere. I had a thing for Asian women. Even more exciting to me were Asian women in authority. Her face barely showed any aging, she looked to be twenty-something.
"Did you all understand how I arrived at the answer?" Professor Choi asked.
There were groans from two young men in the back of the room. I was sitting in the front row as her white pleated skirt rode up exposing her shapely white stocking encased thighs. I shifted in my chair trying to conceal my growing erection. I was becoming more uncomfortable as my jeans were tenting ever more up and the rest of my equipment-needed adjustment. My balls were trapped in an uncomfortable place in my boxer briefs. It was normally a small class perhaps thirty-five students; however, spring fever had taken its toll. Half the class was absent, and the students that showed up were mostly the true math nerds.
"I see some of you are still a little confused," Professor Choi said.
There were ten female students and six male students present. Due to my appendicular predicament, I was thankful for the small turnout. I hoped my erection would escape my peers notice. Professor Hye Lin Choi looked directly at me; her eyes seemed to notice my growing erection. She wetted her full red lipstick colored lips with her tongue. She accidently dropped the dry erase marker in front of my desk and bent over to pick it up as she stared at my crotch. This gave me a good look down her low cut blouse. Her breasts looked massive on her small frame. I could just see the edge of her white lace brassier. Her creamy breasts contrasting with her dark purple top, as her deep brown eyes looked up to catch me looking at her. She caught me looking down her shirt. She smiled wickedly and then frowned as if about to scold me.
"Matthew I want you to come up and do the next problem," Professor Choi said as she called my name. Her lovely lipstick reddened lips mesmerized me; I was lost in fantasy. I came out of a daze, as I slowly comprehended what she had asked.
The terror of the prospect of even the small class seeing my erection distorting my pants sent panic through my brain. I hesitantly stood up and pulled my pants out by my pocket in an attempt to adjust my dilemma. I walked to the white board. I quickly turned towards the board in an effort to hide my aroused condition. She came up behind me with the open modern math textbook. I could smell her inebriating perfume and the hair on the back of my neck stood up.I wondered if she knew how she infatuated me. She was my un-confessed love.
"Problem 21, please," she said.
She held the book out so I would have to face the class to read it. I turned to read the problem as my face felt hot with my embarrassment. It took me several turns toward the book to write the entire problem on the board. Each time some of the girls would gasp, as they all seemed to realize my penile predicament. Stacey a beautiful red haired librarian type giggled quietly. Other girls leaned forward trying to get a better view. It was massively embarrassing and the humiliation only made me more visibly aroused. I quickly graphed out the equation, hoping to sit down as soon as possible and no longer have my tenting pants displayed so humiliatingly.
"Very good Matthew that is correct," Professor Choi, said as she accidently brushed my arm. It was as if electricity had jolted me, her subtle touch. It was if the individual hairs on my arm screamed for more contact her lovely limb and my arm tingled minutes after. My lust clouded my brain.
"Did everyone understand how he solved the equation?" Professor Choi asked. All but the two in back nodded their affirmation.
"Since you are up here do problem 22 as well," Professor Choi requested. She was cruelly toying with me.
She set the open text on the corner of her desk a full five steps to the right of the white board. I walked over to try to get the book and bring it with me. As I reached for it, she put her hand on it holding it firmly to the desk. She smiled enjoying how disturbed I was about showing my rock hard ware. Stacey pushed her blue plastic framed glasses back up her nose as she blatantly ogled me. All the girls' eyes seemed riveted to my bulge. I was very shy and this was torture. I wished for a hole to hide in. This equation was longer than the first one I had to make several trips to convey it onto the white board. Each time Stacey the pretty girl, and the girl I had crushed on in High School, would once again stare at my point of embarrassment. Stacey and the professor exchanged knowing glances at my expense.
"Is that problem too hard for you?" Stacey asked with a smirk. I knew she was needling me about my hard-on but I ignored her, just as she had ignored me in High School.
Stacey looked as wholesome as the Irish spring girl did from the soap commercial. She was well built and very hot in her own right. Stacy had come from my hometown; and was quite popular. Her family was one of the premiere wealthy families of that town. My eyes wandered down to see if I could see more of Professor Choi's breast tops each time before I read more of the problem, I could not control my eyes. This was a self-defeating dalliance but I was helpless to stop myself. Each view was keeping me hard and humiliated. She feigned fanning herself by flapping the top of her blouse in an effort to torment me even further. Every time I went back to the desk, she would fan her top as I strained my eyes trying to see more of her breasts and white lace brassiere. She explained each step after I completed it. I could see the top of her bare thigh above the stockings as well. My erection ached as it leaked fluid. I could feel the fluid running down my leg, yet another thing to worry about, would anyone see the track of indecent moisture. I finished the difficult problem.
"That is correct Matthew. Did everyone see how he arrived at the answer?" Professor Choi asked.
Even the two in the back seemed to understand now. She had explained the process again after I had finished. She was a gifted math professor. The bell rang and the students quickly began to file out.
"Can you stay for a minute after class?" Professor Choi asked.
"Yes," I said. The rest of the students fled out of the classroom.
"I need you to see me in my office. Is this your last class?" Professor Choi asked.
"This is my last class; do you want me to come now?" I said.
"Yes follow me and I will lead you to my office," She said.
I followed her out of the building and across the quad toward another building. I could not help but look at her behind multiple times. He amazing derriere wiggled, as I struggled to keep up with her brisk pace. The wind blew the wispy material of her pleated skirt. I had visions of the Marilyn Monroe skirt footage. I hoped the wind would reveal her panties just as the grate did to Marilyn. It was about 400 yards across the windswept grey cobble stone pavers of the quad. My enraged member refused to go soft.
"Hello Professor Choi," a tall thin female student greeted her. I did not recognize her.I hoped she did not notice my erection.
"Hello Cherie," Professor Choi said in reply. I remembered the student now; she was the captain of the girls' varsity basketball team. I was not into sports. I was surprised I even remembered her. She like many feminists was braless and her small pert breasts were sporting hard nipples.
"I love your class," Cherie said.
"Thank you, see you Tuesday," Professor Choi said.
We entered the gothic Victorian aged math office building. She stopped outside a door and she opened it with a key. She held the door so I could enter the small neat and minimalistic decor office. Her office had a modern glass top desk and a grey ergonomic desk chair. It had one file cabinet and potted plant. There were two other grey ergonomic chairs for guests to sit on. There was a built in storage cabinet in the far corner. The antique cabinet original to the building clashed with the rest of the décor. Her plethora of degrees hung framed on the wall in simple chrome frames. Several of which were printed in Korean. I stood in the middle of the office waiting for her to ask me to sit.
"I have noticed the way you look at me during class. It is against our University sexual behavior protocols," she said.
I looked at the floor in shame.Now I have done it. She will probably have me before the student government. I likely will beexpelledthe way things are now!
"What do you have to say for yourself?" She asked.
"I am sorry, I try not to look, but my eyes disobey me," I said.
"What is it that fascinates you so much?" she asked.
"Your beauty, your body, your lovely skin just everything," I said.
"Well, I can't have you ogling me during class," She said.
"I will try harder," I said.
"That is not enough. You have two choices I will take you before the student government or you will accept my punishment," She said.
"I will accept your punishment," I replied.
"Good, remove all your clothes," she ordered.
"Take off all my clothes Professor?" I asked.
"It is that or a public hearing before the student government," She said.
I feared the public hearing would result in my expulsion.How would I explain that to my doting parents?Even though I was reluctant to, I removed my clothing slowly. I was shy so I dreaded anyone seeing me naked. I took off my shirt.
"Fold it neatly and place it on the desk," Professor Choi said.
I folded it and placed it on the desk as instructed. I bent over and removed my shoes and socks. I put them neatly on the desk as well. I removed my jeans, folded them up, and placed them on the desk. This left me in my boxer briefs. My penis had leaked fluid on them and they were visibly wet.
"Doesn't feel very nice being treated like a piece of meat, does it?" Professor Choi asked.
"No, I am very sorry," I said.I hoped she was going to stop here. I truly did not want to take off my underwear.
"Lose the shorts," She ordered.
I took off my boxer briefs slowly and placed them on the desk as well. I put my hands over my privates trying to conceal them. The lovely sight of her white stockings still distracting me, even though I knew I was in trouble for that very thing.
"Very nice now put your hands at your sides," she ordered. I dithered, so she spanked my bare behind with her hand. I now complied with her forceful command, although still quite shy about her seeing my penis.
She grabbed the pile of my clothes and put them into a file drawer. I felt more naked and vulnerable than I had ever felt. She looked me up and down. My penis was standing out in all of its nine-inch glory. She smiled and licked her lips. She reached out with her perfectly manicured hand and caressed my bare chest. I shivered noticeably from her touch. She twisted a handful of my chest hair pulling several hairs out, one of her red polished nails scratching me. This shocked me a bit. She went back to the file drawer and retrieved a paddle. This kind of paddle I had seen in my favorite fetish porn. It was black leather and the paddle part was long and rectangular. The paddle had silver studs decorating one side. My go to porn of late featured Asian women using one to dominate Caucasian men, like myself. It seemed more menacing live. I felt a lump in my throat.
"Bend over and place your hands flat on the desk," she ordered.
I bent over the desk and placed my sweating palms onto the glass desktop.
"You will count the strokes as I administer them. I will give you twenty-five to start," she said.
She struck my pale bottom and it hurt. I had grown up in a time without corporal punishment, so this was my first spanking.
"One," I said.
She kicked my legs a little farther apart and rubbed the handle of the paddle lightly on my testicles. I felt good but just as I relaxed she turned the paddle over and rapidly smacked my butt cheek.
"Two," I counted.
She lightly used her finger to play with my sack again. Her fingernail lightly scratching my scrotum, I adored her unforgettable touch. Once I relaxed, she surprised me again with a painful blow.
"Three," I said. I waited for her to tease me again, but she hit me quickly this time.
"Four," I gasped. She lightly tickled my anus before a shocking smack
"Five," I said. This was exciting me. I had fantasized about this so many times. She teasingly rubbed my ass cheeks, postponing the inevitable again. Whack, she startlingly spanked me again.
"Six," I counted.
"Do you like being spanked?" Professor Choi asked.
"Yes," I admitted wantonly.
"I knew you would," she said as she spanked me again.
"Seven," I said. She stopped to rub my reddening bottom teasing me even more.
She rapidly administered several in close succession as I dutifully counted them.
"Fifteen," I exclaimed. She rimmed me with her moistened finger. It felt very good.
Five more blows and I was about to ejaculate from the intense excitement.
"Twenty," I said.
She stopped and grabbed my balls. She squeezed them painfully and my imminent orgasm was stymied. She knew just how to control me. She gave me the last five swats.
"Twenty-five," I said. She handed me an empty glass.
"Hold the glass as I milk you into it, I do not want a mess," She said.
I held the glass as instructed and Professor Choi started to stroke my member. I had never had a woman do this to me. It was wonderful. Her small hands were soft, yet strong. Her long red nails contrasting against my penis shaft. Soon I was about to climax. She reached out and squeezed my balls and whatever she did stopped me from coming. It was as if she used an acupuncture technique of some sort.
"I want to play with you more. I don't want you to come yet," Professor Choi said.
She took a break. She retrieved my phone from the file drawer. I never lock my phone. She took a picture of me naked with my erection. She sent it to her phone. She took another of my red bottom and sent that one as well.Is she going to let me come?
"Now I have your number and another way to blackmail you," She said. She again began to play with my member until I was ready to blast again. Once again, she spoiled my orgasm.
"Do you want to cum, Matthew," She asked.
"Oh yes Professor," I said.
"Then you must promise to not play with yourself unless I allow it. Your penis belongs to me now," She said.
"I agree Professor," I said.
"Who does your penis belong to?" Professor Choi asked.
"My penis belongs to you now Professor," I said.
"Good boy," She said.
She stroked me until I almost climaxed, and again she used her technique to prevent my orgasm. She then teased me to the very edge several more times. Eventually she finished me off with her hand. I filled a quarter of the short glass with my semen. I had never had such an intense orgasm or emitted so much fluid. She then took the glass and pressed it to my lips.
"Drink it all up my pet," She said as she tipped the glass into my mouth. I did not want to drink it, but I wanted to please her more than my reluctance. Therefore, I took my own load into my mouth. Once my mouth was full of cum, she began French kissing me. Her tongue forcing the semen down my throat caused me to become erect again.Am I really this perverted?Once she finished kissing me, she retrieved my clothes.
"Get dressed and if you persist in your perverse ways I will have to punish you again," she said.
"I will try to be good," I said.
"I will call you daily to check up on you," She said.
I put my clothes back on and left.
That night my phone rang.
"Mathew put your phone on face time," Professor Choi said.
"Yes Professor," I said. I put my phone on face book.
"Masturbate for me Matthew, but do not come," Professor Choi said.
I slowly stroked my member. I was proud to do as she asked. This was great I was going to show her my big cock spewing semen, but just as I was about to shoot, she stopped me.
"Matthew you cannot climax. Stop playing with yourself and go to sleep," Professor Choi said. I was frustrated yet obedient to her wishes. I went to sleep with a raging hard-on. My dorm roommate Roger laughed.
Every night Professor Choi called and had me, masturbate for her on face time. Each night I lustily stroked myself for her hoping to climax. Yet, every night it was the same thing. She stopped me before I could apex. I was going insane with lust. My cock was constantly hard. I even had to bend over so I could pee with my ever-present erection. Every beautiful woman was a severe distraction; my lust had turned me into more of a horn dog.
During the Wednesday class, I noticed Stacey pulling up her skirt to reveal her sex for Professor Choi. Stacey was not wearing underwear. It appeared that Professor Choi had Stacey as a plaything as well. I still had a huge erection from both the erotic show and all the face time edging. Professor Choi called me up to do another problem. I knew she just wanted to embarrass me about my erection. Each time I turned to read more of this problem, Stacey would flash her naked vagina. Professor Choi was really enjoying my agony. The two women made eye contact and giggled. I loved the sheer humiliation of it. Professor Choi called that night and Thursday night to continue my torment, edging me both times.
The next Friday, I was back in her office for more punishment. I had been, I thought slyly, ogling Professor Choi all week. I realized I had been caught when the Professor demanded I follow her to her office once more. My clothes were in the file drawer and I bent over her desk for my second spanking. She clutched her paddle in her right hand.
"Since you continue to pervert on me I will spank you again," Professor Choi said.
"Count the strokes Matthew," She said as she hit me with the paddle.
"One," I counted.
She struck my taught buttocks.
"Two," I said. She massaged my ass before striking me again.
"Three," I said. She massaged my balls teasing me before she spanked me again.
"Four," I said. She continued to alternate between teasing me and spanking me.
I was very aroused by the time she reached twenty-five strokes. Right after the twenty-fifth stroke, there was a knock on the door. My backside felt very hot. I wondered how red it looked.
"Stay right where you are," she said as she went to answer the door. She opened the door just a crack.
"Hello Stacey," Professor Choi said.
"Have you began spanking him yet?" Stacey asked.
"Yes, but I did not invite you," Professor Choi said.
"I know but I had to see," Stacey said.
"I will let you in if you do as I say," Professor Choi, said.
"Don't I always do as you say?" Stacy asked.
"Yes and you better do it today as well," Professor Choi said.
"Oh, he has a big one," Stacy said as she walked in.I felt more humiliated as two dressed females could see my naked and vulnerable body.
"I thought he would be sexy," Stacey said.
"Spread your legs a little wider so Stacey can see your junk," Professor Choi said.
"His sack looks bursting with semen and it is so hairy," Stacey said as she tested the weight of my testes.
"I will take care of that hair later," Professor Choi said.
"I would love to shave him," Stacey said.
"I will let you spank him Stacey, but every stoke you give him I will get to give one to you," Professor Choi said ignoring the shaving request.
"Will I have to be naked in front of Matthew," Stacey asked.
"Of course, but you can leave now if you want to," Professor Choi said.
"I will stay," Stacey said.
Stacey then took the paddle from the desktop and started to spank my red behind. Professor Choi counted them. When she reached twenty strokes, the professor stopped her.
"Take off all your clothes Stacey if you wish to stay," Professor Choi said.
"Yes Professor," Stacey said.
"As you take off all your clothes and fold them neatly as I give him five more strokes," Professor Choi said.
Professor Choi hit my behind five more times as I counted each one. My ass was throbbing after fifty hard strokes. Stacy was a hard body. Her big pink nipples were amazing. Her flat stomach and lithe bottom were very sexy. Her neatly trimmed red landing patch pubic hair matched her lovely hair.
When she was naked, Professor Choi put her clothes in the drawer with mine. She locked it with her key.
"Now you can spank him more if you want," Professor Choi said.
Stacey spanked me another time and then she stopped and slowly rubbed my behind. Stacey's hand felt soft and lovely on my sore backside.
"His bottom is so red. It is so exciting," Stacey said.
She then gave me nine more strokes with the paddle. My legs were trembling with excitement. Stacey's face was hot with lust as she pushed her blue framed steamy glasses up one more time.
"Bend over next to Matthew Stacy," Professor Choi said.
She bent over the desk next to me. Her big melons hung like splendid pendulous orbs. Professor Choi caught me looking at Stacey.
"Mind your eyes, pervert," Professor Choi said as she swatted my exposed hanging sack. I groaned in pain and looked through the desk at the floor.
She spanked her bottom the first time.
"One," she counted. She struck her again. I peaked at Stacey's jiggling orbs and paid the price as Professor Choi swatted my sore sack again. I groaned in pain. My eyes returned to the floor once more.
"Two," Stacy counted.
"Three," Stacy counted as Professor Choi struck her shapely bottom again.
She gave her twenty swats on her behind as Stacey counted them one by one. When she was finished, Stacey was visibly aroused. Her nipples were hard and her hairless vagina lips were leaking down her legs. Her Venus mound had small patch of red pubic hair, but the rest of her sex was hairless.
"I am enjoying spanking Stacey. I want you to lick her slit while I continue to spank her and Matthew you had better do as I say," Professor Choi said.
"I will do what you say Professor," I said.
I scooted in on my welted bottom until I was under her and could lick Stacey's dripping sex. I had never licked a woman before. I was a hopeless math nerd after all. I reached my tongue out to lick her. She tasted salty as my tongue lapped her crease. Stacey moaned as Professor Choi resumed spanking her. After only a few swats, my tongue accidently found Stacey's large cylindrical clitoris and she convulsed in bliss. She shuddered, her legs trembling. I discovered where the magic button was. I proceeded to make good use of it. I soon had her trembling again. Professor Choi finished the final ten and the two women kissed each other in a long languished French kiss as the professor mauled her pink nipples roughly. She pinched one roughly between her thumb and fingers. She pulled the nipple out approximately two inches; it looked painful.
"Did you like that my pet?" Professor Choi asked.
"Oh yes," Stacey said.
"Good because I am not done with you two yet," Professor Choi said.
"I am up for more," Stacey said as Professor Choi pulled her other nipple.
"Do either of you have any plans for the weekend?" Professor Choi asked.
"I do not," Stacey said.
"I was just planning on studying in my dorm," I said.
"Good, I will enjoy playing with you two," Professor Choi said.
She then took out our clothes and put them into her briefcase. She spun the combination lock thus securing our nudity. She took a set of handcuffs out of her drawer and latched one of my wrists to Stacey's wrist. She dragged us out into the hall naked by the chain of the cuffs. The hall was brightly lit by fluorescent light. The black and white checkered industrial floor tile reflecting the light, it was too early and too bright to parade around nude.This is a terrible idea. The hall was long as we passed multiple office doors down its length. I was sure one was going to open any second. My cock ached I was still so aroused. The chance of someone seeing us naked was so devilishly exciting.I just knew we would surely be caught nude.I was undeniably so insane with lust I no longer cared what happened.
"You want one of my colleges to catch you nude, Matthew?" Professor Choi asked.
"Yes, I mean no," I said as we were passing an office door. Professor Choi stopped in front of the door.
"Knock on that door Matthew," Professor Choi said.
I knocked on the door. A minute later, the door opened. A woman answered the door. I was excited that Professor Choi was exposing me to yet another beautiful woman. The woman at the door was slightly buxom and incredibly sexy.I really learning I was an exhibitionist at heart.
"Hello Hye, what have you brought me?" the tall blonde woman asked.
"Just wanted to show you my new playthings, Barbara," Professor Choi said.
"I see, bring them in so I can have a better look at them," Barbara said.
Barbara's office was just a neat as Hye's was. Her office was interior designed a more antique Victorian theme, however. She had a photograph of herself (Barbara) and newly elected Barack Obama on the wall. Once we were inside the woman reached out and ran her fingernail up the underside of my erection. I moaned involuntarily. I stared at Barbara's massive breasts, which sagged well down her torso. Her brassier could not quite manage their weight. I was turning into the pervert Professor Choi accused me of being.I had to blame it on the forced chastity.
"Nice equipment on this young stud," Barbara commented.
"I know I can't wait to take his virginity," Professor Choi said.Did I just hear what I think I heard? Take me now.
Barbara lifted my erection with one hand and slapped my semen-laden sack painfully with the other. I convulsed slightly as the shock and pain overloaded my senses. Barbara giggled cruelly at my distress and slapped my balls again.
"OH!" I moaned. She then slapped my bare buttocks as she laughed again.
"What about this slut?" Barbara asked as she slapped Stacey on her right breast.
"Ouch," Stacey said as Barbara slapped her other breast.
"You like pain slut?" Barbara asked Stacey.
"Yes," Stacey admitted.
"I knew you were a pain slut," Barbara said.
"She really loves to be spanked as well," Professor Hye said.
Barbara spanked Stacey on the bottom and Stacey moaned in appreciation of the severe treatment.
"They will be fun for you Hye. I remember ten years ago when you were my new toy," Barbara said.
"I know it was a great time. I will see you later Barbara," Hye said as she pulled us back into the hallway.
She pulled us down the rest of the hall to an ancient elevator. She pushed the elevator button and it arrived immediately. She opened the metal gate to access the elevator. The elevator car was empty. I breathed a sigh of relief. She pulled us into the lift closed the riveted accordion iron gate and pushed the B button. When the lift stopped, it opened to the underground staff-parking garage. She opened another antique iron gate for us to exit the elevator. I wondered if there were cameras recording our nude travels. A white four-door Toyota car was just pulling up the curved ramp on the distant side of the garage. I could smell the cold damp concrete of the structure. I could hear water dripping from the structure, due to the heavy rain that fell the day before.
"I hope no one reports us?" Stacey said.
My sociology professor was fixing her make-up in her Mazda's visor mirror, but she never looked up to catch us naked. Even though the car in which she sat was right next to, professor Choi's, she did not notice our nude state. Professor Choi pulled us to her stately white over gold Lexus and opened the car door. She pushed us into the large back seat. Her car smelled of her perfume. The same pleasant smell I knew from her class. My bottom felt strange on the cool tan leather seat. The cold leather soothed my sore-welted bottom. She closed the door and got behind the steering wheel.I was very excited about being nude and potentially caught that way in public.Stacey seemed equally excited and flustered by it. The tuned injector engine started with a roar. Professor Choi backed out of the parking spot and then we sped off towards the distant ramp.
"Are you enjoying being exhibitionists?" Professor Choi said.
"I am," Stacey, said her nipples were very erect.
"I never knew I would enjoy this as much as I do, Professor," I said, my penis was still painfully erect.
"Good, because you two will not get your clothes back until Monday," the Professor said.
"From now on you will call me mistress Hye," Mistress Hye said.
"Yes Mistress Hye," we said in unison.
She pulled out of the garage into the bright daylight and Stacey slumped in her seat in an effort to conceal her huge exposed breasts.
"Sit up don't slouch," Mistress Hye said. Stacey's nipples were hard enough to cut glass.
"Yes Mistress," Stacey said as she sat upright again. I could see her exposure both excited and terrified her.I know I was enjoying it as well.
Every red light caused us both distress. The rear windows though tinted were still quite transparent from the outside. What if a tall vehicle pulls up next to our car and calls the police?It was only a short trip, but the twenty-minute car ride seemed endless. At a signal, a lifted four-wheel drive white ford pickup pulled up next to my side of the car. The female driver could see my erection. She was an attractive looking soccer mom. She made a stroking a cock gesture with her hand as she made eye contact with the Mistress.
"Stroke it a few times. Give her a show, but if your soil my car there will be hell to pay," Mistress Choi said.
I gave my penis a few strokes for the sexy strange thirty-something woman in the pickup. It was naughty and new doing this for an audience. It was very exhilarating, nonetheless still humiliating.I loved masturbating for an audience; truth is I am vain about the size of my member and that aspect assuaged my young ego.The woman showed her approval by smiling. The soccer mom's left had appeared to be busy between her own legs. The busy intersection had four left turn lanes and it took a few minutes to cycle. I kept stroking slowly the whole time and I was getting close to climaxing. The light changed and we sped away as the soccer mom blew me a kiss.
"Stop before you unload all over my leather upholstery," Mistress Choi said. I stopped, even though I badly wanted to continue until a climax. It had been an entire week since my last eruption. My balls felt as if they were grapefruits.
Soon we pulled into a Nordic styled suburban court. The houses were circa 1950. The house sizes were upscale for that era, perhaps 2000 square feet. Large picture windows allowed surveying the activities of all inhabitants. A manifestation of the peer consumed culture of 50's America.
What will the neighbors think? What a soul-devouring trap.
The size of the houses proving the affluence enjoyed here back then. We pulled down a driveway and into her white stucco garage after she opened it with a remote. Her garage was unattached and slightly behind the house. When the red carriage styled garage door closed, she opened the car door for us. We slid out of the car. When she pulled us out through a five-paneled side door into the backyard by our shackled wrists, an attractive thirty something neighbor was watering her plants. Stacey and I were shocked with embarrassment. This woman was very cute. I was exposed to another lovely woman. She wore a blue flowered sundress and a white brimmed sun hat to protect her fair skin from the sun. Her face was model lovely and I thought I might have seen her in a magazine. Probably not, but she did have a face you would have sworn you had seen before. Her body was fit and her breasts were disproportionately large for her slight build.
"What do you have there, Hye?" the neighbor asked as she smirked.
"New toys, are you jealous, Brittany?" Mistress Hye asked.
"Yes, I long for you to play with me again," Brittany said.
"Good come for Ken's party. Bring your husband and you two sluts can only wear the matching new toys I bought you," Mistress Hye said.
"Yes mam," the neighbor said.
"I sent you an invitation," Mistress Hye said.
"Yes I received it. Terry and I will be so happy to come, thank you mistress," Brittany said.
Hye pulled us into the house and immediately greeted by a nude white man wearing a chastity cage devise on his penis. He was quite thin and somewhat tall. His thin body was totally shaved. The only hair he wore was on his head. We waited in the mudroom. Mistress Choi removed our handcuffs.
"Hello dear," Mistress Hye said.
"Hello Mistress," he said.
"This is my husband Kenneth Burnside," Hye said. Professor Choi had kept her last name.
"Get some water to wash my feet slave. I don't want my floors soiled," Mistress Hye said. I could smell simmering Asian cuisine.
Ken went and brought a basin of water and a washcloth and towel. Ken washed her feet after taking off her shoes and sexy white stockings. He washed her dainty feet and dried them. Then he kissed her feet.
"You two wash each other's feet," Mistress Hye said as Ken started to suck her toes.
"That's right suck all my toes slave," Mistress Hye said to Ken. Ken was happy to suck each toe.
I washed Stacey's feet first. Stacey was very ticklish. I enjoyed the pleasant sound of her laugh. Then she washed my feet. She tickled my feet and discovered I too was quite ticklish. Ken finished sucking toes and turned to usher us in to his house. A purple round plastic jewel protruded from his anus. It was the end of a butt plug. I had seen similar ones in porn videos.I wondered what one would feel like inside me.
"Now you may enter my home," She said.
We entered the house and we stopped in the kitchen. The kitchen obviously remodeled, though it was retro and was fitting for the age of the house. The refrigerator was a fifties remake, its round corners making it look cute.
"Are you ready for your blow job Ken?" Mistress Hye asked.
"Yes indeed, it has been a month," he said.
"I know I promised you a blow job today, but I never said who would give it to you," Hye said.
Mistress Hye reached into a drawer and retrieved a wooden barbeque skewer. She broke it in two and held the two pieces in her hand. She rolled them around in her palm. She held them points out toward me.
"Pick one, short straw sucks from his straw," Mistress said laughing cruelly at her own pun.
I picked one and Stacey picked one. I was thankful hers was shorter than mine was. I was not ready to blow another man even for Professor Choi. The mistress unlocked Ken's cage and his penis was exposed. It was little over 4 inches long hard. Stacey obediently sucked his penis and he shot his load after only a few minutes. After a month of chastity, he had a hair trigger. Stacey's mouth was full of semen.
"Kiss Matthew and share his goodness," Mistress said.
Stacey kissed me and used her tongue to force his seed into my mouth. It was not very tasty, but I obediently accepted it for my mistress. I knew I had just crossed a most perverse line in the sand. It was so contrary to my parent's proper upbringing of me.Stacey was an accomplished kisser and she continued to explore my mouth with her tongue. I was enjoying her passionate attention. Soon professor Choi grew jealous and stopped our impromptu make-out session.
"Suck Ken hard again so he can ravage your pussy. Happy birthday dear," Hye said.
"Come along Matthew, I want you to help me change my clothes," my mistress said.
I followed her towards her bedroom. Once inside her bedroom she kissed me passionately. She kissed even better than Stacey did. She kissed me for several minutes and I felt light headed. My penis was leaking fluid by the time she stopped.
"Undress me slave," she said.
I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it gently off her silky shoulders. I folded it neatly. Her brassiere was white lace and I could just see her hard nipples faintly through it. I unclasped her brassiere and it was a fantasy comes true her glorious breasts were exposed. They were magnificent. Her brown nipples were indeed hard. Her two areolas were the large and were crowned by long nipples.
"Suck them gently slave," she ordered.
I happily obliged her. I suckled one and then the other as she sighed in appreciation. I repeatedly switched from one to the other to Mistress Hye's delight. Her nipples were quite sensitive. Her breath became labored and she seemed ready to climax. She was reveling in ecstasy, as I enjoyed her breasts. Her breasts tasted great, I could not get enough of them. After a few minutes, she had me continue taking off the rest of her clothing. I removed her pleated white skirt and white lace thong panties. Her shapely bottom was as impressive as her breasts. Her sex was clean-shaven. Her vaginal lips protruded slightly from her crease. She pushed me onto my knees.
"Lick my pussy slave," she said.
I licked her pink crinkly labia and soon she was dripping wet. She smiled at me sweetly. Then she laid me on my back on her bed. Then she climbed onto my painfully hard shaft. This was my very first time with a woman.
"If you come before I do I will make you clean me out and finish me with your tongue," she said.
She then lowered her pussy slowly onto my cock. Her tight vaginal walls squeezed my shaft and then she began to piston up and down. Her velvet hole felt better than anything I had ever experienced. I was quickly reaching the point of no return. She reached behind her bottom to squeeze my balls just before I climaxed. Her method stopped my orgasm before it started. It was not long until I was about to climax again and she reached back and squeezed me for a second time. I did not climax once more. She was using some sort of pressure technique to ruin my orgasm each time I got close. Finally, she let me climax right before she did.
"You came first," she said as she straddled my face. Her snatch dripping with my juice, she grabbed my balls and squeezed.
"Clean up your mess now," Professor Choi said.
I stopped hesitating and licked it up; after all, she had me by my balls. Soon I licked it clean and proceeded to lick her clitoris. It was my newly acquired skill and I made good use of it. She bucked in another orgasm and it was so exciting that I was hard again.
"You like being my cumslut," she said.
I did not reply. It was overwhelming finally having lost my nerd cherry.I was secretly terrified that I might never have sex.
"Say you love being my cumslut and I will do you again," she said.
"I love being your cumslut," I said.
I would have said anything to enter her velvet tunnel again. She climbed back on my shaft. Her pussy felt just as incredible the second time, but it took far longer for me to reach the edge this time. She still spoiled several orgasms with her strong small hand's grip. She seemed into keeping me in sensual agony. She caused me much sexual frustration before allowing my release. After edging me, two more times. She rode me hard and fast and I came again. She climbed back on my face and I licked her out readily. I used my newfound oral skill and she came again. She looked back and noticed I had another erection.
"Cumslut," she said.I could not deny it.
She pulled me into the shower and we kissed passionately while we washed each other. She took waterproof scissors and trimmed my pubic hair very short. She found a razor and lathered up my privates. She then shaved them clean with expert skill. She then lathered up the rest of my body and shaved my body clean as well. She rinsed me off and I felt even more naked without hair. When we got out of the shower, I dried her off. Then I helped her into black leather, a sexy under bust corset. I tied the back laces up and she looked stunning in it, like a goddess. She wore no panties, but I helped pull thigh high black fishnet stockings onto her long lovely legs. My hands enjoyed the subtle feel of her legs. Her lovely sex lips were out on display. She had me brush her silky hair and put it into a bun. Her hair smelled of lilac as the brush separated the strands. The final touch was her make-up, including enticing red lipstick. I had never felt so sexually excited or alive, as I did in her sexy presence. I loved serving her as her dressing maid.
We went back to the kitchen just in time for dinner.
"Did you enjoy your present dear?" Hye asked.
"Yes dear," Ken said.
We all sat at the table and started to eat.
"Would you like to keep her?" Hye asked.
"Oh yes," Ken said.
"Good, because I am keeping Matthew," she said as she grabbed my hard member, staking her claim.She never asked if we wanted to be owned, yet neither of us spoke up. I knew it was the fulfillment of my secret dream.
"Next semester you will both leave the dorms and live here," the mistress said.
"Yes mistress," I said.
"Yes mistress," Stacey said.
"Your small penis is not enough for me anymore Ken," mistress Hye said as she cruelly belittled Ken. His penis quickly became erect. It seemed they both enjoyed this behavior.
"Don't worry Stacey we will share Matthew's nine inches," Mistress Choi said.
"Thank you mistress," Stacey said.
"Now for some rules of the house, all my slaves will be kept nude unless I say otherwise. Male slaves are subservient to female slaves. Everyone is subservient to me. Is that understood?" Mistress Hye said.
"Yes mistress," I said.
"Yes mistress, doesn't that mean I will own your husband," Stacey said.
"I know you will, but it is not right for a man to own a woman. He likes to be very submissive anyway," Mistress Choi said.
Ken smiled as if he just received the best present ever and I knew just how he felt. The food was delicious. The two most beautiful women I knew were exposed at the table. What could be better? There were only chopsticks for cutlery. I knew how to use them do to the time my family had lived in Busan Korea. Stacey was trying to learn how to use them. Mistress Choi was patiently instructing her how to eat with them.
"Ken married me in Korea and brought me home with him," Mistress Hye said.
"Yes but you are a naturalized citizen now," Ken said.
"I left a very prestigious university in Soul, but I like it here better," Hye said.
"That was a long plane trip," Ken said.
"Especially since, I had a vibrating egg up your arse the whole way. I had the wireless remote and used it to torment him endlessly," She said.What a deliciously perverse story.
"How long was the flight?" Stacey asked.
"It took over thirteen hours just to San Francisco," Ken said.
"How ever did Ken endure it," Stacey asked smiling wickedly.
"You should have seen the two stewardesses spank him in the galley on the connecting flight here. His vibrating egg fell out on the floor and they enjoyed shoving it back in," Mistress Hye said.
"That trip sounded memorable," Stacey said.
When dinner was finished, Ken and I were required to clean the kitchen. When we were finished, we went out to the living room. Stacey was licking Mistress Hye on her labia. Stacey moved to Hye's Clitoris and Stacey was just causing our Mistress to climax as we stopped in front of her.
The doorbell rang and Ken went to answer it still nude.
"Did I forget to mention the birthday party?" Mistress Hye said.
We both gulped and turned white.
"And what is a party without party favors? You two will be the party favors," She said dreadfully amused with her own joke.
"Come and greet our guests," She continued.
First, to arrive were a late forties couple; the man's name was Ben and the wife was Connie. By the way Hye was dressed it was obvious this would be an orgy. Ben was a fit looking scientist type man in spectacles. His hair was turning slightly grey. He was about 5 foot ten. Connie was a buxom bleach blonde-haired woman of about 5 foot six.
"Did you bring the prototypes?" Mistress Hye said.
"Oh yes and they tested fantastic," Ben said. He went to the entry hall and retrieved a box. He handed it to Hye.
She opened the box and inside was two polished aluminum butt plugs and a segmented remote. There was also a charging system.
"The remotes chain together with plugs and tabs, much like Legos. Each has separate channels one for each control devises," Ben said.
"Are they charged?" Hye asked.
"Yes and the charge should last about three to four hours with normal usage," Ben said.
"Well let's try them out. Ken I need some lube please," Mistress Hye said.
Ken left and came back with of the lube. Once he handed it to Hye, he went back into the kitchen.
"Stacey and Matthew come here and bend over. We both did as she asked. Ben lubed one butt plug and Mistress Hye lubed the other. Mistress Hye inserted it slowly up my virgin rectum. My tight sphincter resisted her violation. It caused my ass both pain and discomfort.
"Breathe my pet," Mistress Hye said. When my muscles relaxed, she rammed the plug home. Ben did the same to Stacey. I had never had anything up my ass before and it was odd yet strangely exciting. The plug hurt as the big part stretched my sphincter. Once it was in it did not hurt anymore. Stacey seemed more accustomed to the experience. Connie seemed disappointed that Hye was not using one of the prototypes in her.
"They have remarkable technology they stand by without using hardly any power. The lithium batteries inside the devises are the smallest and best available. They are waterproof and safe. When you want to give them a shock of electricity just push the shock button. It has a setting from one to ten. One is very mild, yet ten is quite painful. They also utilize a cellphone vibration system that is controlled by the lower buttons," Ben said.
"Which one controls what devise?" Mistress Hye asked.
"Not sure you will have to test to see," Ben said. Mistress set the setting on one and pushed a button.
"Ewe that tingles," Stacey said. Mistress Hye pushed the other button.
"Oh, that hurts," I said as electricity jolted my anus.
"It is supposed to, that way you will be totally obedient," Mistress Hye said.
The rest of the guests began arriving. The neighbors obediently came naked; Terry and Brittany had come through the mudroom. They had jade-jeweled butt plugs inserted in their asses, wearing their toys just as Mistress Hye had instructed. Brittany's large breasts had pierced nipples, with small rings through the piercings. One nipple ring threaded through an H and the other had a C.Did Mistress Hye own them as well?Terry had a leather cock ring insuring his perpetual erection. Ben and Connie quickly disrobed as well. Connie wore a leather series of straps that made up a bikini, but it did nothing but frame her breasts and vagina. Connie had pierced nipples also. The doorbell rang again.
"Answer the door Matthew," Mistress Hye said.
I answered the door. Her porch was visible to the whole court; any of her neighbors could easily see a nude nerd answering the door. I barely cracked open the door. The beautiful guest forced the door open and I was wonderfully exposed as the door fully opened. It was Chemistry Professor Sandra Lee and her husband. Sandra Lee was another Asian beauty. Sandra handed mistress Hye a pink bakery box, I assumed it contained a birthday cake.
"Thanks for picking that up, Sandra," Mistress Hye said.
As I took her coat to hang it in the entry closet, her black leather corset came into view. The under bust corset framed her hourglass figure, yet left her nipples exposed. Her "C" cup breasts stood straight out without any sag. Her black hair and corset set off the perfection of her lovely skin. She too wore no panties, yet wore thigh high fishnet stockings. The corset had two red leather accent triangles on each side, which acted like darts accenting her waist. The red and black leathers contrasted marvelously. Her husband Nathan wore only a rhinestone embellished collar and a matching cock ring as she held his leash. His hair was dyed to look like feathers, a fashion statement of that era. His seven-inch member stood out in front of him. His balls were red from the cock rings constriction.
"Take the cake to the kitchen, Matthew," Mistress Choi said. I took the cake to Ken. Ken was wearing a flowered yellow apron at the sink. Ken opened the box to see what it looked like. It was a fresh cream cake from the Korean Bakery. The red sugar sculpted Chrysanthemum flower adorned its top. It was a classic Korean dessert. My father had taken me to Korea when he worked for IBM Asia. We had lived there for three years. My mind remembered how my teenage self-had fantasized about our Korean housekeeper, Jin Ju. I accidently walked in on her in the bath and she spanked me for my discretion. After that, the unforgettable event consumed my teenage minds every waking hour. The cake was dainty and I wondered why Hye had ordered it for Ken.
"This is Hye's favorite cake," Ken said.
"Matthew Hurry and bring out the drinks," Mistress Hye said. Ken had prepared a tray of cocktails. I took the tray and returned to the living room.
"Stacey go and get the tray of hors d'oeuvres," Mistress Hye ordered. Stacey came out with another tray. The guests were being quite liberal with their hands as we served them. I felt like a piece of meat. It was most arousing. After everyone had a drink, the doorbell rang again.
"Put the tray down and answer the door Matthew," mistress Hye asked.
I walked to the door and opened it; this time I wickedly opened it all the way. I felt naughty with my cock out for the neighborhood to see. Barbara was outside the door she had a leashed man in tow. I took their coats and he was nude. He had brown hair and he was short with a large cock. He too had a cock ring on and his constrained balls were red. Cock rings were definitely a fashion hit with this group. He had pierced nipples and two rings with a chain connecting them adorned his piercings. Barbara was also dressed in a leather corset without panties. Her corset had two leather strapped triangles as a cup less halter around her big exposed breasts. Their heft caused them to sag quite impressively.
"I have my new toys as well Matthew," Barbara said.
"I see that," I said.
"This is James. I have trained him well. He does whatever I demand," Barbara said.
"Nice to meet you James," I said.
"Give Matthew a proper hello James," Barbara said.
James dropped to his knees in front of me and quickly took my cock into his mouth. I tried to pull my penis out of his mouth, but Mistress Hye used the shocking butt plug to stop my attempt. The intense pain was effective in stopping my resistance. I let him suck me as the filthy humiliation excited me to the core.
"Keep still Matthew," Mistress Hye said.
James' experienced mouth started to feel very good on my member. I was so ashamed that his oral ministrations were so exciting.It was indecent.
"Don't cheat James out of his favorite snack Matthew," Barbara said with a cruel laugh.I wondered if she was telling the truth about his proclivity to sperm. I suspected he was a forced participant as well.I looked into his eyes to see if I was right. His eyes seemed hollow as if they exposed his tormented soul. He seemed quite sad about blowing me.
Mistress Hye used her phone to film as I received my first homosexual fellatio experience. It felt very good and I felt quite guilty about it feeling so. The entire room was watching my homosexual initiation. This made me feel even more dirty and humiliated. This all went against my conservative upbringing. I was trying very hard not climax in another man's mouth, even though I was quickly losing my ability to resist that inevitability. His tongue and lips were so talented, that I was getting very close. Mistress Hye gave my prostrate a mild shock along with vibration through the aluminum butt plug and I unloaded into his mouth. The mild shock felt incredibly nice. The climax was very intense. I felt weak. My knees were weak from the experience.
"Give James a thank you kiss Matthew," Mistress Hye said.
I hesitated so she gave my rectum a painful jolt with the devils devise. I knew I had better obey. I then kissed James and he used his tongue to force my own come into my mouth. She filmed our intimate kiss.I started to wonder about the mounting price of having Mistress Hye own me.
"Give James a proper hello in return," Mistress Hye ordered.Did she expect me to suck his dick?
"You heard me suck him now," Mistress Hye said as she gave my anus a painful jolt to make her point.
I went to my knees and took James penis into my mouth. His massive member stretched my lips. He grabbed my hair and started to fuck my mouth gagging me with his girth. I struggled to breathe as his member blocked my airway. It was if he considered this payback time.
"Stacey I want you to give Barbara a proper greeting," Mistress Hye Choi said.
Stacey did not hesitate as she greedily licked Barbara's slit. Several mild wonderful vibrating shocks to my prostrate had my cock hard again. Mistress Hye filmed my sucking James with her phone. Getting a homosexual blowjob before an audience was humiliating, but giving one was ever more so. James was violently fucking my mouth: obviously sadistically enjoying using my lips as his gay fuck toy. His shaft thrust in and out of my mouth. Soon James was emptying his balls down my throat. I gagged and sputtered. Mistress Hye pulled my head toward her phone to better record my humiliation. Semen was leaking out of the corner of my mouth.I felt degraded. I loved it.
"Go give the rest of our male guests a proper hello Matthew. After all you are one of the party favors," Mistress Hye said wickedly.
"Suck me good boy," Ben said as I was now in front of him.
Ben demandingly stood his erect member in front of me and soon his cock forced into my mouth. I took it in knowing my asshole would pay an extremely painful price if I did not.
"Be an obedient slut for me Matthew and I will reward you with something very special later," Mistress Hye said.
Ben rammed my tonsils with his member. My lips were becoming sore from the abuse.
"Stacey you will make sure to give all the female guests a proper greeting," Mistress Hye said.
Stacey was now licking Connie and Connie was noisily enjoying it. She made porn sounding grunts and groans. I thought those were only part of the theatrical side of porn, but Connie actually sounded like that. I realized how little I knew about sex. Ben kept his dick thrusting in and out of my tiring lips. I saw Connie squirt out of the corner of my eye as her screech announced her orgasm. Seeing his wife come motivated Ben to unload into my throat. The salty semen was pasting my mouth closed. I used my tongue to try to free my glued lips.
"Get going Cumslut," Mistress Hye said shocking my anus painfully.
I moved to Terry and Stacey moved to Brittany. Terry forced his cock into my mouth. Stacey seemed to enjoy licking Brittany. Terry also loved dominating me in this perverse act. His cock slid in and out of my oral orifice.
"Nathan would you rather wait for Matthew to finish or have me make Terry blow you while Matthew is busy on him?" Mistress Hye asked.
"Please make Terry suck me off, I can't wait," Nathan said. Thank you Nathan I thought.
Terry went on his knees as I lay between his legs so he could obey Mistress Hye.
"Could I have the same deal with Brittany?" Sandra asked.
"Anything for my best friend," Mistress Hye said.
Sandra, Stacey and Brittany arranged themselves in a similar fashion, which enabled Brittany to lick Sandra's slightly protruding vaginal lips. Barbara was forcing Ken to lick out her butthole, which he was very happy to do. His tongue was probing deep up her bowels.
"You are such a good ass licker Ken," Barbara said.
"Yes he is very well trained, the perfect husband," Mistress Hye said.
"I taught you well, you are a very good Mistress Hye," Barbara said.
A few minutes later Mistress Hye had Ben, Connie both bent over the back of the couch, and she was paddling their bare behinds.
"There are penalties for being late on my deadlines," Mistress Hye said as she swatted them.
"Sorry Mistress, but the precise machining took time," Ben said.
"I know but I must have them to market before Christmas," Mistress Hye said as she continued to assault their reddening behinds.
"Sit on the couch with your legs spread Ben," Mistress Hye said.
"Since it is mostly Ben's fault, work his balls over good Connie," Mistress Hye said as she handed a riding crop to Connie. Connie had a gleeful look on her face as she whacked his sack. It was obvious that he was also into getting his balls worked over. She swatted his balls violently and Ben moaned in pain.
For the third time a man erupted into my mouth as Terry came. Nathan climaxed soon after into Terry's mouth. Stacey, Sandra, and Brittany were finishing their tryst as well. Sandra was glowing from her powerful orgasm. Brittany squealed as she climaxed.
"I told you we should have brought the prototypes to her when they were finished two weeks ago," Connie said.
"You know I am very busy at Intel," Ben said.
"You should have called me Connie. Now I am very angry with both of you," Mistress Hye said. The room became very charged; it was as if our Mistress's mood could ignite the very atmosphere. There was a settling fear descending in the room.
"Ken please will you retrieve the devises from Stacey and Matthew and go clean them. When you are finished bring them to me," Mistress Hye said.
In the meantime, Connie and Ben both spread eagle on the couch, were experiencing Hye's wrath. Barbara and Hye both took up riding crops to torture their most intimate bits. I was certain that both Ben and Connie had hoped for just such an outcome. They obviously wanted punishment. Hye hit Connie on her clitoris as Barbara struck ben on his sack. Then they worked on their nipples. Then their attention was back to their reproductive bits. Hye and Barbara lubed the cleaned devises that Ken had returned. Barbara shoved one up Ben's ass and Hye shoved one up Connie's tight rectum. Hye separated the controls and handed one to Barbara. Barbara kissed Hye on the lips. It was going to get very intense now. The dials were set to ten and they pushed the shock buttons. The control Barbara held shocked Connie and Hye had Bens. Ben and Connie were convulsing in blissful agony as the two cruel mistresses worked them over with electric shocks and vibrations. Hye and Barbara looked at each other elatedly.
"These things are great," Barbara said.
They varied the intensity of the shocks as they played with their willing victims.
"Yes they are quite fun," Hye said as they zapped there tender anal tunnels.
"Stacey I order you to lick Barbara's pussy and Matthew lick mine," Mistress Hye commanded.
Our tired mouths went to work once more as the mistresses continued to toy with Ben and Connie. The perverted couple was enjoying the entire thing. It was not really much of a punishment for Ben and Connie. Hye and Barbara switched from pain to pleasure as their method of torment. Alternating readily between the two, Ben and Connie were becoming incoherent in their grunting. Soon a shock caused Connie to squirt in orgasmic bliss. Ben shot semen onto the floor as well. Hye and Barbara climaxed as well.
"Lick up your messes now," Barbara ordered.
The happy couple cleaned the floor with their tongues.
"It is time to have the cake," Mistress Hye announced.
Ken and I went for the cake, knife, forks and plates. When we came back, we sang happy birthday. Hye, Sandra and I sang it a second time in Korean.
"I did not know you spoke a little Korean, Matthew," Hye said.
"Yes I know a little, I lived there for three years when I was a teen," I said.
"Now it is time to spank Ken for his birthday," Mistress Hye said. She went to a cupboard and took a die out of a board game.
"Every Mistress gets to spank him, but first you must roll the die. If it is, even you will spank his bottom, though rolling odd numbers allow you to spank his balls. Ken is forty-one so that number of spanks will be administered by every Mistress," High said. That meant Barbara, Sandra and Hye would all spank Ken.
"Oh how fun, I hope I roll an odd number," Barbara said.
"You can roll first then, Barbara," Mistress Hye said.
Barbara rolled a three. She pushed Ken onto his back. Then she struck his balls with a crop as we all counted one to forty-one. Ken was a pain slut and he enjoyed every blow. Sandra rolled a four next. She found a menacing looking maple wood paddle. The paddle shape was carved with two elliptical faces. It looked like a cricket bat. She wailed away as the guests counted.
"One," we all chanted.
"Two," decried the chorus.
"Three," we said.
This went on all the way to forty-one. The wooden paddle leaving visible bluish marks on Kens pale white ass.
"That has become boring," Hye said. "Matthew go to the kitchen and retrieve a handful of wooden skewers," she continued.
I returned with them. She broke one of them shortening it.
"All men except Ken draw a straw," Hye said. "The short straw will either service Ken's asshole or cock with his mouth depending on what I roll," Hye said.
We all drew straws and Ben pulled the short one. Hye then rolled a six.
"Since I rolled an even number you will suck his cock while I spank him Ben," Mistress Hye said.
"Yes Mistress," Ben said.I did not feel as special knowing almost everyone here was Hye's slave.
He took Ken's small cock into his mouth as Hye paddled Ken bruised buttocks. Once again, we counted the strokes.
"One, Two, Three," we chanted.
Just as we reached forty-one Ken's cock spewed his seed into Ben's mouth. Connie rushed over to share the fluid by passionately kissing her husband.I once again became hard. I must be a total degenerate. This all was so contrary to my parents' training. I should be repulsed, not aroused by this debauchery.
"Masturbate for us Matthew," Mistress Hye ordered. I did as she asked; it was exciting to do this for an audience. I was about to climax, but she cruelly stopped me form coming once again.
"Now for your reward Matthew, you can fuck Stacey," Mistress Hye said.
"Roll the die Stacy. An odd roll he ploughs your asshole and an even roll he will take your pussy," Mistress Hye said.
Stacey rolled a five and I waited for her to go to her hands and knees. Once she was down, I shoved my nine inches slowly up her rectum. Stacey's rectum was very tight as forced my monster into it. Once it bottomed out, I shoved in and out slowly. Her bowels were squeezing my cock tightly. It was most debase doing this for an audience.
"Help me hold Matthew down," Hye asked Barbara.
Barbara and Hye held me still as James violated my anal orifice.
"You will learn to love this Matthew. Fuck his ass James," Hye said.
James raped my ass as I raped Stacey. I was debased even further. The perverted thing was we all were willing participants. My cock opened up the anal passage of my victim, James cock opened my anal passage. A room full of people watched as if it was a sporting event, cheering as on with guttural language. James penetration felt incredible against my prostrate. The audience was most appreciative as we fucked like vile animals. James rammed in and out of me as I rammed in and out of Stacey. Soon we all climaxed in a sweaty heap. My load dripped out of Stacey's arse. Stacey climaxed without any vaginal contact. She must be a real pain slut. I could feel James load dribbling down my leg. I feared it was blood from my ass.
"Am I bleeding Mistress Hye?" I asked.
"Of course not cumslut, Lick your cum out of Stacey's ass," She ordered.
I lay on my back and Stacey lowered her ass to my mouth. I complied even though I did not want to and licked my semen out of her ass. My tongue slithered up her anus. Mistress Hye used her mouth to clean my cock. Soon she was licking James come out of my ass. I could not believe she would do this for me. Her tongue felt incredible as it penetrated me. My cock was erect again. She moved back to my penis and sucked me again. I climaxed into her lovely mouth. She then kissed me with her mouth full of my seed. Her tongue explored my mouth expertly.
"Do you want another cock up your ass Matthew," Hye asked.
"Only if you will lick me clean again Mistress," I said.
"Maybe tomorrow," Mistress Hye said.