"Okay now the hard part," chirped Gracie.
Gracie was Nicole's hairdresser, and for all intents and purposes mine as well. Ever since Susan blackmailed me into a lesbian relationship with her cousin Nicole I have been trapped as Nicole's sex slave. Forced to act the way she wants, dress the way she wants and even have my hair and makeup done the way she wants.
Today what Nicole wanted was a very erotic braiding. The girls at the salon had just finished my makeup, usually the last step. Covering my face in a light foundation, my lips in a contrasting deep burgundy color and my eyes in red and black eye shadow and eyeliner.
With the focus of a surgeon Gracie started to braid the hair along my scalp starting from the center and ending above my ear, leaving a bit of hair in the middle of my forehead. Next, using some of my long hair from the back she started braiding forward until she met the front braid. Incorporating the remnants of each, she braided down towards my ear before breaking the braid in two, a smaller one going behind my ear and a larger one in front. The front braid was parted again just above the level of my eyebrows and braided to the hair dangling over my nose, while the rest was braided to the bottom of my ear. The rear braid was kept tight against the back of my ear and pulled around the bottom where it was merged with the braid in the front. Gracie then braided the combined hair towards my face just under my cheekbone. When she reached the center of my eye she broke the braid into two, the upper was braided moving just under my eye to the top of my nose. With another hairdresser holding it in place Gracie repeated the process on the other side. With an intricate webbing of six braids meeting over my nose Gracie started to braid the hair she left hanging in the center of my forehead, incorporated each braid as she went down the bridge of my nose. She then braided the final lower braids until they emerged over the center of my nose and then braided the remaining hair up.
Unable to see, it felt like Gracie was making a small bun with my hair at the crown of my nose. Using a small pliers and a metal ring she secured them all together. The end result felt like a web of hair covering the top of my face.
"Done! What do you guys think?" Announced Gracie.
Spinning my chair I got to see Gracie's artwork. The lattice work of interwoven braids resembled a fashionably erotic lace mask that was becoming popular.
"It's incredible," beamed Nicole as she surveyed Gracie's work, "a true work of art. What do you think puppet?"
"Unbelievable," I replied almost in a daze as I reached up, my nails colored to match my hair scraping the intricate braiding.
"I know", giggled Gracie. "I cannot believe I was actually able to do it. I was thinking we could add some angel's breath to highlight the style a little more."
"No," replied Nicole placing her hand on Gracie's back and sliding it lower than appropriate. "It's perfect, anything more will just take away from it. How finish up we have a photo shoot to do."
I studied my image as Gracie made short work of my remaining hair. It truly was a work of art and gave my face and me a highly seductive look. The small bun on my nose resembled a flower decorating the center of the mask and was a brilliant way to hold it all together. Once again Nicole made me look my best for her deviate plans.
While I was making my assessment Gracie was making two more braids running down the back of my neck pulling the ends up and weaving them back into their bases, creating two loops. With my remaining hair she created a small bun at the base of my head looking like a larger version of the one she created for my mask. Standing up, I noticed that I had become the center of attention in the crowded salon as everyone stopped to admire the fetish style Gracie created, including Morgan the salon owner.
"That is truly amazing," complemented Morgan.
"Thank you," beamed Gracie from her bosses complement.
"I knew you were good,'' continued Morgan as she examined my head, "but this deserves to be on the cover of a magazine."
"Thanks again," stated Gracie. "Alice and Nicole are doing a photo shoot and asked me to do a style that would make Alice really stand out."
"Well given how beautiful your model looks I can just imagine how well the pictures will turn out," added Morgan. "Say, I have an idea. If you are doing a photo shoot I will exchange the cost of the visit for a head shot we can place on our salon wall?"
"That sounds fantastic," responded Nicole. "How about that my sweet, your first professional shoot."
I could only smile nervously. Nicole did not even ask me if I was okay having a picture of me on a salon's wall, let alone looking like this. But it made no difference as Susan would not allow me to say no.
"Come puppet we have a busy day," ordered Nicole as she guided me out of the salon to the applause of the patrons.
-----
True to her word it was a busy day. Nicole had me dress in a number of outfits, the bulk of them borrowed from Annette, the MILF Susan forced me to seduce. Heavy into role-play Annette had a number of character outfits as well and a large collection of latex clothing. We had 'play dates' every other weekend when her daughter spent the night at her cousins by way of alternating sleepovers. As this was our off week, I knew she would loan me the clothes.
Hence, I found myself in Nicole's darkened basement wearing a figure hugging shiny black latex dress with a deep scoop neckline that showed off the tops of my breasts and the hem meeting the pinkie rule. Shoulder-length opera gloves, four-inch stiletto heels and leggings reaching to within an inch of the hemline, all in shiny black latex, covered the skin left exposed by the little black dress.
Combined with my hair and makeup I couldn't deny how sexy I looked or how restricted I felt. The gloves and leggings tightly encased my limbs and resisted even the slightest of movements. The dress clung tightly over my body, squeezing my torso and stomach into a more hourglass appearance and stretching over my hips and ass pinning my thighs together. Despite having a majority of my skin covered I felt naked and exposed in the tight ensemble. With the riding crop I gave Nicole for Christmas in hand I stood in position awaiting Nicole's command. Forced to breathe deeply, I could feel the latex of the dress stretch before squeezing the air out of my lungs.
"Okay puppet," commanded Nicole. "Let your arms hang and let the crop point at the ground. Back straight. A serious face and keep eye contact with the camera."
I knew better than to resist and I posed as Nicole ordered. We have done these shoots many times and I knew exactly what she wanted. And like a professional model I started to walk down the lighted pathway towards the camera heel to toe with the crop playfully hitting my calf muscle as the camera clicked away.
The latex leggings tugged against my legs and the hem of the dress acted like a rubber band forcing my thighs together making me fight for every small step. As I walked forward I knew the lights were reflecting off of the shiny black latex presenting an ever-changing kaleidoscope for the camera.
After the dress Nicole had me pose in many more outfits, from latex to leather to lace. But the theme of the photos were all the same, sexual dom play. For some I posed as the aggressor, the dom role, and for others I was the submissive.
"Okay puppet, time for the real fun," announced Nicole as she put down the camera and pulled several red ropes from her bag of tricks, "take off all your clothes."
Nervously I removed the little clothing I was wearing as I watched Nicole methodically organized the ropes. Ever since I was forced to start this sexual relationship my body had been conditioned to associate females with sex. Yet as much as my body now desired the touch of a woman, mentally I was still heterosexual. But my lack of experience with boys gave me little to fight against the softness or feminine curves I had been trained to crave.
While my mind wanted to resist I knew I had to go along with Nicole desires and as I focused on the ropes coiled in her hands a shiver ran through my treacherous body. It's amazing what can be conditioned to start triggering arousal. At the sight of the ropes my body knew my mind would no longer have control and would be free to enjoy the sexual pleasures without conflict.
With a playful smirk Nicole tied a figure eight knot into one of the ropes. My breathing became deep and slow as she moved in front of me and pressed herself against my naked body and centered the knot just above the crack of my ass.
"I know puppet," whispered Nicole into my ear, "rope play makes me excited to."
I felt Nicole pull the rope over my hips as she tied a decorative knot over my pelvis. Taking the ends she pulled them upward and around the small of my waist before directing them back down and through the loops of the figure eight knot on my back. Kneeling down she pulled the two ends between my legs wedging the ropes in the crack of my ass and up along the outside of my labia and looping them over the hip rope on either side of the knot over my pelvis. Pulling the two ends back down Nicole strategically tied a knot to rest on my clitoris before weaving the two lengths. Reaching for her bag Nicole pulled out a remote vibrator, identical to the one I embedded in Lisa, and pushed it into my wet cavity before sealing my slit with the woven rope.
I unconsciously wiggled my hips moving the vibrator and rope into a better position as Nicole pulled on the two ends forcing the ropes to move over my ass cheeks, then wrapping it around my hip, a little lower than the original, before securing it to the rope running up the outside of my outer labia pulling them apart. After repeating the process on my other side I was effectively wearing a pair of rope panties hiding nothing but securely binding my body and keeping the small intruder from escaping.
"Now cross your arms behind your back," ordered Nicole as she retrieved another rope.
A knot formed in my throat and I suppressed a moan as I folded my arms knowing my freedom was about to be taken away. A small gasp escaped my lips as Nicole meticulously wrapped the rope around my arms giving as much attention to its visual appeal as binding me. My whole body felt like an instrument being strung in preparation of being played by its master.
After securing my arms Nicole wrapped one of the ends around my chest just below my breasts. She then repeated the process with the other end wrapping it just above my breasts. The two ends were secured around my arms in the center of my back before being pulled up and tied into a decorative knot at the back of my neck. She then made two loops around my neck, one snug and the other loose hanging almost midway to my breasts and trying everything off behind my neck.
A tingle of excitement ran through my body as Nicole stopped to caress my breasts before she straightened the ropes. Returning to the table I watched as she found the center of another rope and used it to clinch the ropes running above and below my breasts together tightly between my breasts before pulling the two ends up towards to lose rope loop dangling around my neck. Giving the bottom of the loop twist Nicole fed the ends of the rope through the small ring she made and pulled them around my chest and looping them through the knot in the center of my arms. Moving behind me Nicole then pulled the two ends up and through the braided loops Gracie made before pulling them down and tying them to the figure eight knot over my ass.
"There, what a pretty package you make," purred Nicole as she ran her fingers over the ropes.
Secured as I was all I could do was stand at attention as Nicole took liberties with my body. Squeezing her finger under the knot at my waist Nicole half directed half pulled me to a wooden pallet she covered with a deep red velvet cloth. Walking, I felt the full effects of the ropes for the first time as they pulled and pressed against my sensitive flesh.
I stepped onto the makeshift platform where Nicole helped me kneel. After having me wobble forward a little and spreading my legs Nicole was finally happy with my position and had me drop on my knees and press my ass into the heels of my feet. Taking another rope Nicole proceed to tie my thigh to my ankle and repeated the process every six inches until she reached my knee where she poked a hole in the fabric and secured the end to the slat beneath.
After securing my other leg the same way Nicole slowly circled me admiring her work. My breathing started to become heavy as I knelt at attention. Tied as I was I could not offer any resistance. I could only kneel, head facing forward as she made minor corrections to where the ropes lay. Satisfied Nicole retrieved her camera.
I had a sharp intake of breath and my body pulled against the ropes as Nicole activated the vibrator. Nicole laughed at my reaction as she captured my moment of surprise with the camera. After the initial jolt, Nicole reduced the setting of the vibrations to the level she knew would be very arousing but not enough to push me over the edge. The end result was my nipples remained hardened and my body released a steady flow of juices that lubricated the woven ropes pressed against my vagina.
My breathing started to become more and more labored as Nicole took her time moving around my bound body finding the perfect angle. All the while my pussy continued to leak as the vibrator kept up it steady torment. Twisting my body I let out an involuntary moan of frustration.
"Feeling a little frustrated puppet," laughed Nicole.
"Yes mistress," I replied as Nicole knelt down in front of me. Having all the pictures she wanted I knew she now wanted tease me for release. In my aroused state I could not take my eyes off of her round breasts swelling with each breath she took.
"You look so beautiful when you are helpless," purred Nicole as she reached out and caressed my nipple. "I bet you would do anything to cum right now wouldn't you puppet."
"Ahhh, yes mistress," I breathed while trying not to moan. Her touch was electric, and she knew how sensitive my breasts were. I kept trying to make it over the edge, my body was primed and wanted nothing more than to have Nicole bring me off, but she always pulled back just as I was reaching the crest causing my much wanted orgasm to retreat. My stomach clenching with exasperation from both wanting an orgasm from another woman and needing one. Knowing I had no choice I forced my head forward pulling the bindings around my body tighter and driving the rope deeper into my crotch.
"Please mistress I need to cum," I whimpered hoping Nicole would not make me debase myself too much.
"Oh so needy and helpless," teased Nicole as she maneuvered in front of me, camera at the ready. "You may have what you crave."
Nicole amped up the vibrator slightly and I leaned forward. The added pressure tightened the ropes and pressed the woven rope over my crotch against my clit. I started to pump my hips up and down as much as my restraints would allow as if humping an invisible object. My clit responded to the stimulation adding to the effects of the vibrator. Feeling the orgasm build my breathing became more labored, I started to hump faster and forced my head lower pulling the ropes tighter.
With a loud scream by whole body spasmed as the massive orgasm exploded within me. Unable to move, I remained in the ropes tight embrace as I caught my breath and let my racing heart slow. I enjoyed the rush of endorphins as I lifted my head easing the stress on the ropes. Opening my eyes I looked straight into Nicole's camera and with a click of the shutter Nicole pulled the camera away revealing her perfect white teeth as she smiled.
"That was beautiful," stated Nicole. Having its satisfaction my body was no longer fighting against my mind but the endorphins worked to distort my judgement and in my weakened state I could not resist her sexual draw and smiled back. As she stood and placed the camera on the table my eyes shifted focus to her ass shown off by the clinging yoga pants.
With her back still to me Nicole turned her head and made eye contact. With a wicked grin she grabbed the sides of her pants and pushed them down exposing her voluptuous ass. A hiss escaped my lips and my body trembled with lust as I felt it becoming more addicted.
Placing a chair before me, Nicole sat down and scooted until her glistening pussy was in front of my face and the smell of her arousal filled my nose. "Now bring me off," commanded Nicole.
"Yes mistress," I responded and I pressed my head down tightening the ropes once again.
Even before my tongue came in contact with her pussy I began salivate. Nicole's training had been so effective and extensive the mere thought of performing oral sex caused my mouth to water. Worse was how my body now responded to the stimuli. My breasts swelled and my body tingled from the knowledge that I was about to pleasure another woman. As I strained against by bindings to reach Nicole's crotch I felt the woven rope rub against my own pussy heightening my arousal.
As I stretched out my tongue it made contact with her moist lips I let out a deep sigh as Nicole activated the vibrator. As I pressed my body further down the rope tightened over my crotch and I pushed my tongue into Nicole's cavity and lapped her juices.
It was Nicole's turn to moan as my lips came into contact with hers and I began to maneuver my tongue in her love channel slurping out her nectar as I encouraged her body to release more. The familiar shiver of her body signaling she was about to cum I wiggle the tip of my tongue over her g spot causing her whole body to shake.
Laying in the chair I dutifully lap at her pussy as she came down from her high. My eyes staring over the expanse of her flat stomach and smooth curves of her heaving breasts before making contact with her eyes as she looked down at me, her hand moving to the back of my head.
"That was very good puppet," breathed Nicole as she caressed my head. "One more like that and I will let you cum again."
Extending my tongue I run it up to her swollen clit moving her hood out of the way before giving it a little nibble as I worked her arousal back up.
____
I stood nervously before the applauding crowd, still uncomfortable being the center of attention. When Nicole presented the promised photo and results of the photo shoot to Morgan she decided to host an unveiling party. Attended by all the stylists, a number of the salons younger more trendy clients and a style reporter from the local paper the salon was filled with women dressed for an elegant reception. Being covered by the press encouraged to attendees to wear sexy cocktail dresses with many having their hair and makeup done by the salon.
The photo, a framed 16×20 print of the facial shot Nicole took just after my orgasm, was hidden behind a velvet cover until Gracie and I removed it. Adding to my humiliation was its companion picture, a copy of a magazine ad with me walking down a darkened hallway wearing the latex dress, horse whip in hand. Susan had convinced Nicole to let her shop the images to an upstart perfume company who bought the set to use as part of a campaign. Susan even got Nicole to set up a modeling/photo company that now owned a number of the stock photos Nicole had taken of me. Erotic and kinky photos now the property of a soulless corporation, 80% owned by my mistress Nicole and 20% by my blackmailer Susan. Playing up my submissive role Susan even got Nicole to have me sign a rather Draconian modeling contract stipulating I could not reject any negotiated assignment.
Looking up I put on a smile for the gathered crowd of women admiring the photo having no knowledge of what was done to capture the shot. As the applause died down a wave of fear passed through my body as I spotted Susan moving to the front of the crowd, champagne glass in hand. The predatory smile on her red painted lips revealing her enjoyment of my current predicament.
Like the rest of the women attending Susan had her hair and makeup done beautifully, yet she still stood out from the crowd. The purple satin maxi dress clung to her body and left little to the imagination. Two thin straps ran over her otherwise uncovered shoulders and the deep cut of the neckline showed a fair amount of cleavage. From there the tightness of the fabric hugged her flawless body accenting her waist before the slit exposed her leg up to her thigh as the fabric to draped down to her ankles. There was no denying it, she looked incredible.
A wicked grin broke out on her face as she walked slowly towards me. I could not tear my eyes away as she approached. She looked elegant and sexy at the same time. Like a true goddess ready to torment us mere humans.
"What a lovely party", purred Susan as she wrapped her free hand around my waist and turned me to face the portrait. "Nicole did an excellent job capturing the moment. The look on your face is the perfect mixture of innocence, naughtiness, and pure satisfaction. Just imagine what everyone would think if they knew you were bound naked on the floor coming off of an intense mechanically induced orgasm."
Too afraid to respond I just looked at the floor in defeat.
"Come my sweet," commanded Susan as she took my hand and led me through the crowd. Still looking at the floor, I could not help but watch her ass sway in front of me.
Reaching the back of the salon Susan turned to face me and lifted my head up to meet her gaze. She studied my reaction, indulging in my turmoil like some fine chocolate. Smiling smugly Susan brushed her hands over my dress like she was smoothing out the material of my strapless body con mini dress.
"I cannot believe that I now literally own your ass or at least photos of it" whispered Susan as her hand dropped to my rear. Her fingers dancing over the smooth fabric as if they were checking if I was wearing underwear. "You would be amazed how many people are interested in your photos too."
"Who," I nervously whisper finally finding my voice.
A number of female on-line lesbian writers for one," responded Susan. "They are all interested in digital covers to help spur sales and the potential to buy an exclusive photo is too good to pass up. Unfortunately they do not pay very much. But then again we are not in it for the money right?"
"No we're not," I reply knowing Susan just wanted to torment me and Nicole would get a kick at seeing me on the cover of an erotic lesbian novel.
"Excellent," stated Susan in a mocking tone. "Now I have one more job for you tonight," added Susan as she turned me back towards the crowd. "I want you to seduce your hair stylist Gracie."
My mouth opened but I remained quite as my eyes caught sight of Gracie standing with Nicole. It seems like Nicole had the same idea as her eyes locked with mine and a smile crossed her lips.