Author's Notes:Please read Chapters 1 & 2 before reading Chapter 3.This story involves elements of incest (step-siblings), lesbianism, group sex, and exhibitionism/voyeurism. If any of these turn you off, please look elsewhere for a story to read. I would like to thank sexy_skittles for her editing assistance.
++++++
Two days after my meeting with Erica, I received a text message from my step-sister, Kim:
"The usual time Sunday?Shall we bring anything?"
My immediate thought was that this was a sign that Erica had shared with Kim the discussion we had Wednesday night and that they both were onboard for a sexual 3-way encounter that would forever change the nature of our relationships. I wasn't sure whether they wanted to start earlier than our usual 5 PM to have more time for our new activities. Maybe I should suggest they bring their toothbrushes and spend the night. But I considered that would be getting ahead of things. Besides, this 3-some might be just a one-time deal to fulfill a fantasy that each of them had.
Our relationship was changing rapidly and I needed to continue walking a tight-rope of playing the role of older, responsible big-brother and substitute parent, and the new role of male lover for a couple of bi-sexual females. I had to keep reminding myself that Kim was not a biological sister, but only a step-sister without any blood relationship. If neither of us considered our interactions as incest, we should be fine. And no one else besides Erica would know. However, I had a while back discussed the evolving situation with my friend Joe, but he told me to go for it."What's the harm?"he had said to me.
Our usual Sunday gatherings at my home were for dinner and conversation. We frequently began with drinks, either wine or margaritas. The whole thing from start to finish would last three to four hours, and then the girls would return to their campus dorm.
But this week would be different, very different. They had lured me into fulfilling their sexual fantasy of a FFM 3-way. As I had just recently learned, neither of the college juniors had ever had intercourse with a male. Now they both wanted to experience sex with a real male cock. They choose me to be part of their fantasy as I would be an emotionally safe choice. They felt that I wouldn't develop other emotional feelings for either woman, and neither of them would develop emotional feelings for me which might lead to complications in their own stable lesbian relationship.
I decided that my text reply would include another event, should they choose to accept.
"Come between 2 & 3.Bring swim suits.Frozen strawberry margaritas, dinnerand other activities to follow."
She quickly responded:
K ;-)"
This new relationship was initiated by Kim and Erica by their posting photos and videos on Kim's cloud account, knowing that I had her username and password to access that account, and then leaving hints that Ishouldn'tgo there to view her naughty photos. This, of course, made me go look. Eventually I was regularly checking the 'Private / Don't Look' subfolder for newly posted material. And they were leaving photos and videos intentionally for me, even talking to me in some of the videos.
Now that they had me hooked by their scheme and we were scheduling our 3-way encounter, I wondered if it was necessary for me to check her cloud account again. I figured it wouldn't hurt, and I did enjoy viewing their naughty photos and videos.
On Friday night I logged in to my step-sister's cloud account. I was pleasantly surprised to find some new photos in her 'Private / Don't Look' folder. The photos were of Kim and Erica, scantily dressed in their new lacy underwear and holding up signs that read 'See you Sunday @2' and 'Can't wait'. I smiled while my cock throbbed. These girls knew how to get to me.
++++++
Sunday mornings were my usual time for doing laundry and putting out fresh linens. I made sure the hall and master bathrooms had fresh bath towels, hand towels, soap, shampoo, and hair conditioner. I put clean sheets on my bed while thinking about what may happen there later in the day. My cock stayed at about a 6 on the 1-10 hardness scale all morning long.
I put a brisket on low heat on the grill to be ready for dinner later that day. And I made a double batch of frozen strawberry margaritas and put those in the freezer. I knew these had plenty of tequila and would not freeze hard, but would stay smooth and servable all the day. The margaritas would also calm our nerves about our new encounter. Early in the afternoon I put on my swim trunks and a t-shirt.
Just after 2 PM my doorbell rang. Unusual I thought, they always just let themselves in. I walked towards the front door just as it opened and in flowed Erica and Kim. They were both dressed in Daisy Dukes cut-off jeans and crop-top t-shirts with exposed midriffs. Wow! They were smoking hot!
Erica walked right up to me, threw her arms around me in a big hug pressing her voluptuous breasts against me, and gave me a lip-lock kiss and her tongue thrust into my mouth. After a few moments we broke our kiss and I took a deep breath of air. Before I could say 'Wow', Kim gave me a similar tit-pressing hug and lip locking kiss with full tongue action. This was some serious heat. At the moment I was stunned by their actions and gave no thought to the fact that this was my step-sister kissing me this way.
"So glad to see you."Was all I could fumble out of my mouth. Kim and Erica were very energetic and happy, almost giddy.'I can see this is going to be a lot of fun.'I thought to myself.
"Did you bring your swimsuits for the pool?"I asked as we walked towards the back of the house.
"Right here!"replied Kim while holding up a small bag. To me the bag appeared too small to contain two swim suits, but that just meant the suits were skimpy and wouldn't cover much. My cock twitched. I could see that I was going to have problems containing that in my trunks.
"Why don't both of you change while I pour us some drinks? You can change in either the guest room, or my room. And you won't need to take towels outside. I already have plenty of towels out by the pool."
Without replying the two girls bounced down the hallway, giggling along the way. I noticed they went to the end of the hall, where the door led to my bedroom. My cock twitched again while I thought of the two women changing clothes, and momentarily getting naked in my bedroom.
I took the first container of frozen strawberry margaritas out of the freezer and poured three drinks into large acrylic margarita glasses. These party glasses were safe to have out by the pool, they looked great, and they held a large amount of the slushy concoction. I placed these on a tray and took them out to the pool-side table. The table umbrella would shade the drinks so they wouldn't melt too quickly. I removed my own shirt and threw it over the back of a chair. Then I placed pool towels on three of the chaise loungers.
By this time the girls had changed and they walked outside to join me by the pool. They were both stunning in their skimpy bikinis. Kim, a redhead, wore a fire red suit while Erica, a blonde, wore a bright yellow suit. They were both practically busting out of the tops. They looked fabulous. I had seen both naked in photos and videos, but this was the first I had seen them wearing so little, live in person. I could feel my arousal rising, as was my cock in my trunks.
I handed a drink to each of them and then picked up my own glass."To a great ending of a great summer."I said while I raised my glass with the corny toast.
"To sex with a real cock!"said Erica energetically.
Kim quickly followed with a shout,"Times two!"
I choked on their forthrightness. Recovering quickly I added,"To getting laid!"and I tipped my glass and took a large drink. So much for my thoughts on seduction and foreplay.
"We need to talk."I tried to regain composure and control of the discussion.
"No. We need to get wet."Erica said while she grabbed my glass out of my hand while Kim shoved me backwards into the pool creating a big splash. The girls squealed and giggled. They sat all three drinks on the edge of the pool and then they both jumped in to join me. Two more splashes. Just like little children, we were playing in the pool, splashing, frolicking, laughing, and having a great time.
The late summer pool water was a bit cool which actually felt good against the heat of the sun. The cool water also softened my erection which had been growing ever since the girls arrived. It was obvious that the girls had definite plans for me. Very quickly they were each at my side fondling me and kissing on me. I had never been in a 3-some and was inexperienced in dealing with two hot babes attacking me at the same time. I quickly knew that they were going to have their way, and maybe that wasn't a bad thing for me. I should just go with the flow and enjoy the ride.
Soon I realized that I was not the only subject of attention for all the hands at play below the surface of the water. Kim and Erica each had one hand on me and the other on their roommate, a breast squeeze here and an ass grab there. And soon the two lovely ladies were passionately kissing each other while all three of us held a tight embrace. Someone, I wasn't sure who, had a hand on my cock and was fondling me. This was moving along much faster than I had anticipated.
I somehow managed to free myself a bit from their clutches, I backed up to the side of the pool and grab my drink. Yes, a cold, strong drink was exactly what I needed. The girls soon joined me in drinking the refreshing margaritas. Those slightly sweet, slushy concoctions were going down easy that day.
"I thought there might be some awkwardness today. It appears that both of you are primed and eager."I finally managed to steer the conversation.
"Charlie, you know that we have been eager for this for several weeks."
"We know what we want and we are excited that this day has finally come."
The girls alternated talking, as if both were of one mind.
"We are so looking forward to losing our 'cock virginity' and we are so happy that you are willing to do this for us."
Most every guy dreams of taking the cherry of a virgin, and I was soon to be the first to slowly sink a cock into these two very tight, very wet virgin holes. My cock was growing and aching again. I knew that in one fashion they were not real virgins as they had both experienced sex with dildos. But neither had been fucked with a real cock attached to a real male. The thought of being the first for both of them was very arousing.
"And so happy that we get to experience this together with our lover."Kim and Erica were holding hands and staring into each other's eyes. They leaned together right in front of me and kissed. Their love for each other was obviously very strong.
"Are there any boundaries I need to know about?"I asked for obvious reasons.
"We are to equally share the experience today."
"And both of us get the same treatment, the same experiences and pleasure with you."
"Yes, don't hold back from either one of us."
I still wondered whether this was a one-time thing, or it might happen again. But I figured that was a discussion for another time. I shouldn't think past today, until today had happened.
As the girls sipped on their margaritas, a naughty thought crossed my mind. Looking at their fabulous figures and ample breasts, I wondered how similar or different they would feel. I had never had a side-by-side comparison of two girls. I set down my empty glass and dropped my hands below the surface of the water. Then I brought them up, one on Kim's left breast and the other on Erica's right breast. This elicited a moan from each of them. I fondled both of them for a few moments, smiled at them and said,"Side by side comparison. They appear very similar to me."
This immediately started a storm of;
"Absolutely not!"
"Mine are larger."
"Mine are firmer,"and
"I have larger nipples!"
"How about if I pour everyone another drink?"I asked without waiting for a response. I hoisted myself up onto the side of the pool, wrapped a towel around my wet swim trunks, collected the three empty glasses and took them and the tray back inside.'Wow'I thought'I need to remember to be careful what I say around these two.'
I refilled the glasses, killing the first container of margaritas, and then used the tray to take these fresh drinks out to the pool. I set the drinks down by the girls and each picked one up and drank some more. They were clearly enjoying the drinks and I hoped the tequila would break down any remaining hesitations they may have about our activities later that day. Not that it appeared that any hesitation remained at this time.
I remembered that I still had the brisket on the grill and I wasn't sure of our schedule for the rest of the day. I decided to take the meat off the grill and leave it wrapped in foil to keep it warm and moist. It would not be the only thing I wanted warm and moist. Once the meat was put away for dinner, I returned to the patio, allowing my towel to drop off of me.
The girls had gotten out of the pool, dried off with towels, and they were now lying down on the chaise loungers catching some sun. While the temperatures had dropped a bit as we moved out of summer towards fall, it was still in the 90's. And the bright sun on a clear day could still give quite a sunburn.
"Don't you want some sunscreen? I would hate for either of you to get a sunburn. I have some lotion in the cabinet."I walked over to the cabinet to retrieve what suntan lotions and oils I had remaining.
"This may be our last sun tan of the season."Kim said with a bit of disappointment in her voice.
"We should make it a good lasting tan, don't you think?"replied Erica
"You know I hate tan lines. What you think?"said Kim as she started to remove her top.
Obviously they had no problem getting undressed in front of me. After all the photos and videos they posted for me to view, I had seen it all. And I do mean ALL of each of them. I just hadn't seen then naked live and in person. My cock was twitching again. They both removed their skimpy tops and tossed them on the patio. Then as I watched, they looked at each other, smiled, nodded their heads and immediately began to remove their bikini bottoms.
My cock hit a 7 or 8 on the 1-10 scale, and both Kim and Erica saw the bulge in my trunks.
"This IS going to be a fun day."Erica said with a giggle.
I stepped forward and offered the selection of lotions and oils I had. Erica quickly grabbed a bottle of tanning oil, told Kim to lie down. Kim lay down on her front side on one of the chaise lounges as Erica sat on the side of the next lounge. Erica began to apply some oil to Kim's backside. I froze as I watched Erica run her hands over Kim's shoulders and back. Erica took a longer time rubbing the oil onto Kim's ass and the back of her thighs. She even worked her hands between Kim's legs, which Kim spread open a bit more for her.
Erica looked over her shoulder at me and said"Charlie, you could help by applying some oil on my back."Kim protested that she wanted to put oil on Erica to which Erica responded by leaning over and giving Kim a big luscious kiss and then told her,"Lover, you get to do my front."
I put some tanning oil on my hands and began rubbing the oil onto Erica's shoulders and back. By the time I got down to her waist, Erica was finished with Kim's backside. Kim sat up and took the bottle of oil and pushed Erica down onto her front side. Then Kim and I started on Erica's backside from the waist down, Kim on one side, and I from the other side. Kim quickly got her hand between Erica's legs and kept it there quite a while. As Kim had done earlier, Erica spread her legs for Kim, to allow her easier access.
I was overwhelmed by the visions in front of me. Here were two nude goddesses sensually spreading oil on to each other's bodies. Erica's fabulous ass was in my hands, or at least her left butt cheek. Kim was working her fingers between Erica's legs, obviously giving her some added pleasure, and I had a close view of Kim's beautiful breasts swaying right in front of me. At this point it didn't occur to me that she was my step-sister. Now she was just one of a pair of goddesses of love.
My cock was back at a 8 on that 1-10 hardness scale and I knew I was leaking pre-cum. I hoped that my trunks were still wet enough from my time in the pool so that there would not be a noticeable spot. But then I saw Kim staring at my lap, presumably at the obvious bulge. She looked up into my eyes, smiled, and then ran her tongue along her lips. My cock throbbed again, producing another small spurt of pre-cum. Kim reached over and grabbed my cock through my trunks and gave it a gentle squeeze. I moaned.
"You know that will be my first real cock, don't you?"Kim asked while looking very seductively into my eyes."I am so glad you will be my first. I understand that Erica told you that we both had a crush on you many years ago. I have actually had a crush on you all along. Today will be the fulfillment of a very long held fantasy."
My cock was throbbing and I knew she could feel it.
"Careful or that may explode right now."I mentioned.
By this point Erica was paying attention to our conversation. She sat up, breaking the contact between Kim's hand and my cock."We cannot have any premature explosions around here. We need to save whatever he's got for our cunts."
I stood up and told the girls,"Well, before I do explode too soon, we need to slow this down."I knew this sounded crazy as any horny male would have nailed these two beauties poolside, but I sure as hell wasn't in my right mind. This was every man's dream and I just wanted this experience to last as long as possible."I'm going inside to cool off and finish the preparations for dinner. You two enjoy the sun for another hour or so, but don't either of you allow the other to get burnt. I may have to spank you."
"Is that a threat, or a promise?"Erica replied in a very sultry voice. Another throb in my pants, and the wet spot got a bit larger.
++++++
When I got inside, I could tell that I was grungy from the pool and then sweating in the hot sun. So I took a quick shower and cleaned myself the best I could for the ladies, and our later activities. I dressed simply in some loose running shorts with an elastic waistband and a short sleeve summer shirt. No underwear. If I spotted anymore, it would be clearly visible. But I think the girls liked seeing my body react to their sexual teasing. This was new to them, and they were having fun with me as their first boy toy. And I didn't want to disappoint them.
As for dinner, in addition to the slow cooked brisket, I prepared coleslaw and Pacific style Spanish rice. I still had two more rounds of the frozen strawberry margaritas for dinner and after. Everyone should be loose and carefree tonight.
While working in the kitchen, I could hear laughter and giggles from Kim and Erica outside on the patio. Then I heard a big splash, followed by another splash and knew they were back in the pool. About 20 minutes later they came back inside. They both had a towel wrapped around their body and their swimsuit in their hand. I smiled to myself as I thought about how Joe would love to be here right now. I had spoken with him a while back about the digital interplay, my voyeurism of the photos and videos in Kim's cloud drive, and what teasing exhibitionist Kim and Erica were. Yeah, he would want to be here with us. Maybe sometime down the road he could, depending upon how things developed between me and Kim and Erica.
The girls wanted a shower and time to clean up before dinner. I told them it probably best to use my bathroom as I had a large walk-in shower for two. There was soap, shampoo, conditioner, towels, and even a hair dryer and new hair brushes for them to use. They thanked me for thinking in advance about their needs. Then they skipped down the hallway to my bedroom and bath.
The rice was still cooking on a slow simmer, so I used the time to make the coleslaw and heat some flour tortillas. About an hour later the meal was ready and the girls returned. Each wore one of my dress shirts, with only a couple of buttons fastened. I could easily see that they had put back on their lacy bras and thongs, but only a dress shirt covered those, and not entirely covered them.
My cock went straight to a 9 on my 1-10 scale and they could clearly see that. They giggled and smiled. Erica even pointed at my cock.
"You like what you do to me?"I asked.
"We've never intentionally tried to arouse a man before and it is fun to see what power our sexy bodies have, even on you. And you were supposed to be 'emotionally safe'."replied Kim with a wink and a smile.
"I may be as emotionally safe as a straight male could be, but I am a male, and I do react to the divine female bodies I see in front of me. You are dressed that way to get a reaction, and I am giving you one."
Erica stepped forward and cupped my boner in her hand through the thin material of my shorts. My cock throbbed and she obviously felt it. She giggled as if she had a new play toy, and I guess it fact she did have one. I just stood there for a minute and let her grope me. Then I reached out with a hand and touched the front of her thong, just below the waistband. Next I slid my hand down over her mound and then over her slit. Slowly I rubbed her pussy through the lacy fabric, possibly the first male to do that to her.
She looked at me briefly before her eyes slowly closed for a moment."Mmmmm", she hummed, as she took in the sensation of a man's strong hand covering her pussy. I suspect she had been groped before, either on her ass or on a breast, and only by a stranger when it was unwanted attention. Before this time, the only person that fondled her pussy in a loving way was Kim, and a female touch was much different than a male touch.
It appeared that Erica was beginning to enjoy the physical sexual interplay. Kim stepped forward to join in. I took my other hand and cupped her mound and then down lower, between her legs to rub her pussy. We stood for what appeared a very pleasant eternity, slowly groping each other. I could tell that both girls were developing their own wet spots. Soon Kim's hand joined Erica's hand on my cock, one high around the head, and the other hand lower at the base and also on my balls. I leaned into Erica's face and gave her a soft, loving, and slowly passionate kiss. Our tongues danced with the other's tongue. Our breathing became faster. Then I left her lips and kissed Kim the same way, with Erica watching closely in a loving way. Our hands continued to pleasure each other. When I broke the kiss with Kim, then it was Kim and Erica's turn to kiss. And kiss they did as long time lovers do. It was slow, deliberate, and as passionate a kiss as I had ever witnessed.
I thought it a bit strange that our first sexual 3-some would happen with us standing in the kitchen. I pulled back a little from the ladies and asked,"Shall we eat dinner? Or should we continue this in the bedroom?"
They both acknowledged that they were a bit hungry. And we had plenty of time later for our other activities. I asked them to set the table while I sliced the brisket and put that on a platter. I put the rice and coleslaw into serving dishes and they put all this on the table. Then I took the warm tortillas out of the oven and placed them in a tortilla warmer and set that on the table. Just before we sat down for dinner, I refilled all the margarita glasses. I thought how surreal this was, sitting down to dinner with two sexy ladies dressed only in their skimpy underwear and my shirts, having just had a sexual encounter and knew that another such encounter would follow after dinner. But we all took our seats, served ourselves, and began eating as if this was the most normal thing to do.
I mentioned my thoughts to the ladies,"I find this a bit surreal that we pause our sexual activities to have dinner."
They both chuckled and Erica replied,"We have been known to do this. We make love in the afternoon, after classes, then go eat dinner, and then return to our dorm room and fuck each other some more."
Kim added with a smile,"I love eating Erica for desert."
"I hope to have some of that tonight, as well as some of you."I added keeping the sexual tension in the air. Both girls squirmed a bit in their chairs.
"We would both like that,"said Erica.
Soon we finished dinner. None of us were very hungry it appeared. We placed all the dishes in the sink.
I stood between Kim and Erica and took each in an arm."Shall we do this?"I asked. They immediately pulled me down the hallway to my bedroom. We climbed onto my bed, Kim was sitting on my left, and Erica was sitting on my right. I thought it a bit odd that we were sitting this way.'How do others begin a 3-some?'I thought. This was new to all of us.
"So, do we just strip and fuck?"said Kim being blunt about the situation.
I looked at her, questioning her question."What? No. Why do you ask that?"
"I thought guys just wanted to fuck as quickly as they could."
"Kim, I think you have watched too many porn films."Kim looked at me and then glared at Erica. I guess that Erica didn't mention to Kim that she told me about their porn viewing.
I quickly continued,"Yes, I suppose some guys do just a 'Wham, Bam, Thank you Ma'am.' "which drew a giggle from both ladies,"Is that what you and Erica do?"Knowing there was little chance of that.
Erica joined in,"No, of course not. We cuddle, we kiss, we touch each other. We both love the long drawn out foreplay. Then we make sweet love and then cuddle some more."
"Sometimes we do a Wham, Bam, Bam, Bam."Admitted Kim with a smart ass grin on her face. We all laughed, trying to be at ease.
I replied to Erica,"I too enjoy cuddling, kissing, fondling and making sweet love. I would like to do that with both two of you."I leaned forward and gave a gentle kiss to Erica and then a similar gentle kiss to Kim. I still had faint thoughts in the back of my head that this was weird kissing my step-sister, soon to be making love to her, but I quickly put those away, hopefully for good, to focus on making beautiful love to both these women.
Together, as if on cue, we each unbuttoned and removed our shirts in silence. Each of us was glancing at the other two, taking measure of our actions and emotions. I could feel the excitement and arousal rising in the room and I was sure both of them could feel it also.
"May I ask that the two of you start? I will then join in."I offered a way to get things rolling.
"Gladly."Responded Kim and she turned to Erica and they began kissing. Soon their hands were wandering over each other's erogenous spots; shoulders, hips, thighs, and then breasts still covered by their bras. My erection was quickly returning and I had to shift my position within my shorts. As their kissing continued, I could clearly see their arousal building. It appeared that neither of them felt uncomfortable doing this in my presence. So far, no one had performance anxiety.
It didn't take long for the ladies to help each other remove their bras. I had my second live view of their fabulous breasts, the first happening earlier by the pool while they were applying suntan lotion. But this time the intent of baring their breasts to each other and to me was for sexual stimulation. Watching these two gorgeous females making love to each other while I was in bed with them was a man's fantasy come true. My cock was very hard and throbbing.
Their passionate kissing continued. I could feel the love these two ladies had for each other and it warmed my heart. Kim, on my left, had her right hand on Erica's right breast. Erica, on my right, had her left hand on Kim's right breast. As I considered how to join in, the tangle of arms made access to other breasts difficult, but Erica's left breast was probably the easiest to access. I slid around closer to Erica and initiated contact by running my hand over her left shoulder and down her back. She broke her kiss with Kim and turned to me. We began with a soft gentle kiss with just our lips. Quickly my tongue was grazing her lips which she parted to let my tongue explore inside her mouth. Kissing her felt wonderful. She had such soft tender lips and she tasted magnificent. Kim and Erica had aroused each other plenty already, so I was playing catch-up on the arousal. The passion of our kiss increased as my hand continued to wander over her body. Soon my hand found her left breast which felt exquisite in my gentle grasp.
I felt amazingly at ease making love to Erica. I had known her for the past several years as Kim's roommate, and I considered her a friend. I knew she had a great personality and a fabulous body, but until recently I had never thought of her in a sexual way. Now it just seemed so right to be making love to her, and to Kim.
I broke my kiss with Erica. I looked at Kim and then Erica as to which I pleasured next. Erica smiled and nodded towards Kim, as if she knew my thoughts and the question in my mind. These two ladies made it easy to love both of them.
Turning towards Kim, I leaned in and began an amazing kiss with her. Her lips were so soft and her tongue slowly played with my tongue, as if teasing me. I moaned into her mouth and she understood my pleasure in kissing her. I raised my right hand to her breast and gently fondled it. She pushed against my hand, so I applied more pressure, even pinching her nipple. She moaned into my mouth. I then felt a hand grasp my hard cock. It must be Erica's I thought. This was my first real 3-some experience and I was not fully prepared for all the hands, and all the pleasures those hands could bring. I reached down to touch Erica's pussy and found another hand already there. Kim's hand had already beaten me to it.
I chuckled and thought to myself that I needed a procedure manual for 3-somes. What was the etiquette for taking turns? How to ensure that everyone got equal attention?
"What's so funny Charlie?"Erica asked.
"I don't know the etiquette for taking turns in a 3-some."I replied. At that everyone laughed.
"Oh, we just keep taking turns until we each have had enough."Added Kim."That is how Erica and I manage a 2-some and I think the same rules apply for a 3-some."
"Any other silly questions lover boy?"asked Kim. Her use of the term 'lover boy' caught my attention. Before I had always been 'brother' or 'Charlie' to Kim. I would have to revisit that later.
"When do I take off your panties?"I asked.
"Anytime you like, and I hope that is soon."
This triggered an interesting circle event. I was pulling at Kim's thong, while she was pulling down Erica's thong, while Erica was working on removing my shorts. Legs were everywhere and in each other's way. And Erica obviously had no experience in removing a man's shorts over an erect cock. She caught my cock head in the waist band and nearly broke my cock in two with a downward pull. Fortunately I stopped her before any real damage was done. In self defense, I assisted Erica in removing my shorts while the ladies quickly got rid of their own panties. We all laughed at the sight.

"I suppose we need to practice this a lot more."I said before realizing that I was making a huge assumption. Then trying to quickly recover I added,"Assuming we want to do this again."
"You are rushing things lover boy. We have to see if you fill our expectations."Erica said as she took my cock in her hand just as she said the word 'fill' with emphasis. Now she also was using the term 'lover boy'. Was this coincidence, or were the two of them already referring to me this way?
Erica didn't let go of my cock. She swung her legs around away from me and placed her head just over my hip so she could get a much closer look at my tool. I remembered that she had never had sex with a man and realized this may be the first time she had actually held and examined an erect cock. And then Kim was on my other side as they both fondled and examined my manhood. My cock was throbbing, which they apparently found very interesting. None of their dildos did that. And I was leaking pre-cum. Kim smeared my pre-cum over the head of my cock and I moaned. But what really pegged my cock at a solid 10 on the 1-10 scale came next. Erica leaned over and licked my cock head. I groaned out loud. She then put her lips over the tip of my cock and slowly lowered herself, sliding my cock into her mouth. I was close to cumming right then and there but managed to hold my composure. I knew that was a move she must have seen in a porn film. For a rookie, I gave her an eight. Then I felt Kim's tongue on the side of my cock. If I wasn't already, I was becoming a big fan of FFM 3-somes.
I laid there enjoying the pleasures being administered to me, more specifically to my cock. But there were two heavenly pussies very nearby and I wasn't fulfilling my role in pleasuring them in return.
"Anyone serving desert?"I asked out loud.
It was apparent that Erica was enjoying her oral exploration of my cock and wasn't stopping anytime soon.
Kim sat up and stared at me with lust in her eyes. She gently pushed me backwards forcing me to lie down on my back. Erica's mouth never released my cock. Kim swung her leg over my head and then lowered her hot sex onto my mouth. She was so, so wet and so very tasty. Quickly my tongue went to work licking her labia, then teasing her clit, and then fucking her pussy. I had eaten my share of pussy, but I couldn't recall having one this delicious and responsive. We all moaned in unison. I think that Kim's pussy kept my mind distracted just enough from the oral attention my cock was receiving from Erica, which prevented a premature ejaculation on my part.
I then heard Kim speaking,"Oh Erica, his tongue is as talented as yours. You must try this."At which point she dismounted my face, now coated in her delicious female juices. Kim then leaned over and gave me a big sloppy wet kiss and said"Thank you. I will want more of that later."
Erica and Kim then exchange positions as Kim took my cock into her mouth and Erica sat upon my face. Never before had I eaten two pussies back-to-back, actually I never had two on the same day. And both of these were fantastic. I eagerly set about eating Erica's pussy. My tongue was alternating licking her hard clit and then delving between her lips and into her vagina. Man, was she tasty and equally as responsive. She was bouncing on my face, fucking my tongue.
I had just moments earlier put Kim's pussy at the top of my best eating pussy list. Now Erica's pussy was side-by-side number one on that list. Erica's fluids were a bit sweeter and thinner in texture. But her labia were not as large to play with in my mouth. I could easy be happy eating either of these ladies. I was already on cloud nine and the main activities were still to come.
While both ladies were good at their oral attentions to my cock, neither were experienced which help me maintain composure. I was thoroughly enjoying my first 3-some and hoped this was not a onetime fantasy of these two goddesses.
"I need that cock in my cunt!"shouted Erica as she climbed off my face. It was obvious that each of us were very aroused and ready to move on to the main event. We pulled apart looking at each other with lust. Never before had I experienced so much lust that it consumed my entire body. My cock was rock hard and ready for pussy, and I had two to satisfy. My entire body was tingling in sexual anticipation. The moment was so ripe. I was ready to fuck both these ladies and wasn't sure which to do first. But as I quickly learned, that had already been decided for me.
Without speaking the two ladies moved into position, one that I immediately recognized. Erica lay on her back, knees up and spread wide open for me. Kim sat on Erica's face, facing towards me so she could watch the first time her lover received a real cock. I reached under Erica's butt and raised it as I slid a pillow underneath. Erica then pushed Kim up off her face so she could also watch as I became the first cock to enter her. I brought my cock to her wet swollen lower lips and slowly slid my cock inside.
"Oh my god!"All three of us exclaimed in unison. I considered myself fairly experience at sex, but this was a new and extraordinary event for me. The adrenaline was racing in my body. I felt a tremendous amount of love for both these ladies, and a sexual drive unlike anything I had experienced before.
Slowly I began pistoning my cock in and out of Erica's pussy. She was tight, but not too tight. I figured that Kim had fucked her enough with a strap-on that Erica was no longer a virgin to being fucked, just a virgin to a real cock. And I hope to satisfy her expectations. Erica moaned and dropped her head back onto the bed. Kim took the opportunity to sit her needy pussy back onto her lover's face while watching me fuck her lover's pussy. All in all, it was a very erotic scene.
My cock thrusts reached a maintainable pace. I knew I could keep this up for a while and give a lot of pleasure to my lover. I looked up into Kim's face and found her looking at my face. We smiled at each other, leaned forward and we kissed. This closed the ring of pleasure between the three of us and I felt a jolt of electricity flow between each of us. I assumed that each of them felt this as well, judging from the moans and movements of both of them. Holding Erica's hip with one hand to steady myself, I reached up with my other hand to caress Kim's breast. She moaned again into my mouth and her tongue became more active in my mouth. At that moment I knew she was bi-sexual and not just a lesbian assisting her lover in a fantasy 3-way. Kim also was my lover, at least for this day. This all just felt so right.
Kim broke our kiss and whispered to me"Fuck her hard. Make her cum."With that Kim dismounted from Erica's face and positioned herself to kiss Erica. They made out very passionately as I intensified my thrusts into Erica's pussy. Kim had a hand on Erica's breasts, pinching and pulling her nipples. My hand, which had been on Kim's breast, now found its way to Erica's mons, and then to her clit which I began to rub with my thumb as my cock continued to pound away inside her. All of this physical attention had the desired effect on Erica as her body raced towards a massive orgasm.
"Oh fuck, fuck, FUCK!"she screamed,"I'm cumming!"as her orgasm ripped through her body. Her vaginal walls clenched my cock so tight that I too erupted in my own orgasm.

"Oh my god. Oh my god!"I screamed as my cock spewed my cum deep into her. One massive eruption followed by a second, a third, and then a fourth. My body locked into position which I held for moments. I wasn't even breathing. Then with a sudden exhale and a new rush of air into my lungs, my body relaxed, almost collapsing on top of Erica. Likewise Erica was panting for air. Kim just held her tight and smiled at me.
Exhausted for the moment, I rolled off of Erica. As my cock slipped out of her I could see my cum dribbling out of her sodden cunt. I turned back to face Erica and snuggled up next to her. Kim was on her other side. Together Kim and I cuddled Erica, touching her lovingly and planting gentle kisses on her lips, neck and shoulders. She knew that she was well loved and well fucked.
We stayed closely held together in silence for several minutes in the afterglow of our lovemaking.
"Wow!"was the one word that first came from Erica's mouth followed a few moments later by"You two really know how to make a woman feel really well fucked."She turned to her right and kissed Kim in a long, gentle, loving kiss. Then she faced me and gave me a similar kiss. I could taste her lips saying'Thank you'.
I waited to see if Kim would say anything. When she didn't I spoke."You two are incredible. I never could have imagined this being so wonderful."I looked at Kim wondering what she was thinking and what she might say. I didn't have to wait very long.
"Lovers, we are only half finished"Kim started"and remember our rules that each of us gets equal treatment."Surprisingly I felt my cock twitch back to life. Either the 30 minute refresh rule wasn't applicable, or we had been lounging in the afterglow longer than I was aware. I felt somewhat dehydrated and knew I needed some water before continuing.
"Please excuse me,"as I rolled out of bed,"I need to get some water to rehydrate."I quickly heard"Me too"and"One for me"from the two goddesses in my bed. I shuffled off to the kitchen and returned with three chilled bottles of water. Sitting on the end of the bed, I handed one to Kim and another to Erica. We all drank together and sighed"Ahhhh"collectively.
I then sat down beside Kim, putting her between Erica and myself. I never hesitated in making love to this beautiful woman. She was no longer my little step-sister, but my new lover, along with our other lover, Erica.
I took the water bottle from Kim and set both our bottles on the nightstand. I then pushed Kim down onto her back and lay next to her on my side, propping myself up on an elbow. I leaned over and began kissing her lips as I ran my hand through her luscious red hair. She was a fabulous kisser and I could picture myself just kissing her all night long, it was that pleasurable. I could sense that Erica was joining us and was running her hand over Kim's body, likely feeling her breasts and playing with her nipples. Kim moaned into my mouth. I didn't know if that was a result of my actions or Erica's actions. Then I realized that we make love together as a team and we pleasure each other unselfishly as a team. I could feel the love swell inside me.
And I could feel a hand, probably Erica's, on my cock. I had been so intense on love making foreplay with Kim that I was unaware that my own cock was getting hard and was nearly ready for more action. I knew my cock would not be as sensitive the second time around and therefore I would have a longer lasting capability to pleasure Kim. This would be really good.
Soon our group foreplay was raising the arousal level for all three of us. My hand traced its way down Kim's chest to her firm large breasts where I played with her nipples, rolling them between my fingers and pinching them. She moaned even louder. I was quickly learning that Kim was the noisier of the two ladies. She was passionately kissing me, locking our lips and pulling my tongue deeper into her mouth. She tasted great. My hand on her breast continued its movement south towards her sex center between her legs. She was gushing wet. Her fluids coated her lips and were running down her crack to her ass. I easily slid a finger inside her and she pushed down, forcing my finger deeper inside her. She was ready.
I got up on my knees between Kim's legs thinking I was about to fuck her when she said in a commanding voice"Eat me Charlie. Eat me again."Besides being a noisy lover, I was learning that Kim also had a voracious appetite for sex. She's a red head. I should have known. She spread her legs as I crawled between her knees. Quickly my face was planted on the entrance to her love tunnel, my tongue lapping at her large labia, her hard clit, and her soggy pussy. Her aroma was intense to the point of addictively intoxicating. My cock was now fully aroused and ached to be inside this sexpot.
Erica had taken my place kissing Kim passionately and playing roughly with Kim's nipples. Erica had years of experience of what Kim liked. I was still learning how each of them wished to be pleasured."Eat her hard, Charlie"Erica was coaching me"Bite her clit. Fuck her with three fingers, hard and deep."I followed her every command and Kim's body was responding like a woman possessed with the devil in the throes of passion.
I could tell that Kim was on the edge of a massive orgasm. I just couldn't tell if we weren't giving her enough stimuli or whether she was holding back, enjoying the pain of being so close. I decided that I had to fuck her with my cock and I needed to do it right now. I rose up and began to position myself to plunge into her waiting pussy.
"No. No. Not that way!"Erica screamed at me."She loves it doggy."All three of us worked in unison to flip Kim over onto her belly and then up on her knees, opening herself to me from behind. Erica scooted in front of Kim, positioning her own pussy right in front of Kim's face. We were all moving as if we had choreographed and practiced these movements before. I was grateful for Erica's coaching.
I plunged my cock deep into Kim's love tunnel pushing her forward, pushing Kim's mouth directly into Erica's pussy. Again we all moaned loudly in unison.
My cock was snug inside Kim, not tight, but not loose. I was so hard and she was so wet. I could easily slide in and out. And from the rear position, I was able to penetrate deeply. I was going to give her the best fucking I could, her first from a real male cock. I didn't hold anything back. I knew I had staying power this time. I just started pounding away at her cunt as hard and as deep as I could. I could see Kim eagerly eating Erica's cunt. Erica just rolled her head back and moaned in pleasure. Occasionally she would look up at me and smile as if thanking me for the sexual adventure we were all participating in. I was amazed at the pounding that Kim was taking with my cock. Slowly she was panting more and eating Erica's pussy less. Then Kim started to scream her own commands at me."Fuck me Charlie. Fuck me harder."
I found the strength to pick up the pace and slam into her harder, faster, and deeper. My balls were slapping loudly against her labia. I reached around her hip and just above her entrance found her swollen clit, maybe the largest I had ever felt. I started rubbing it and Kim screamed again. Erica continued to coach me"Pinch it Charlie. Pinch it hard."Again I followed Erica's coaching commands and began squeezing Kim's clit as hard as I could as I continued to pound my cock into her cunt. Kim was panting, almost gasping for air as I continued my sex assault on her pussy and clit. Erica had moved to Kim's side and was now reaching under her twisting Kim's nipples. And that pushed Kim over the edge.
Kim let out a loud scream, one I am sure my neighbors could hear. Her pussy clenched my cock and her body shook as if having seizures."Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my fucking god!"She wailed as her orgasm continued to rip through her body. I just held her, wrapping my arms around her waist.
I looked at Erica and she smiled and winked at me."You got her good."Erica said to me. I don't think Kim heard the comment as she was temporarily in a different world of ecstasy.
Slowly we all relaxed. Kim's body slumped flat on the bed while my cock slid out of her. I was still hard as I hadn't cum a second time. But I was physically exhausted and done for the night. And I lay down next to Kim and wrapped an arm around her. Kim was facing Erica and they were lovingly kissing each other.
I dozed off into a foggy dream land.
A while later I awoke to see Erica and Kim getting dressed to leave. I couldn't believe what an intense sexual session the three of us just had. Totally fucking amazing. Did they experience their fantasy? And I wondered whether this was a one-time event.
I raised my head to look questioningly at the sex goddesses as they were about to leave my room.
Kim turned back towards me just as she reached the door. She winked and said,"See you next Sunday Charlie."
to be continued