There's a rural region, some ten or fifteen kilometres from where I live. There are farms, there is farmland, there are a lot of cows, and there are some orchards. The roads are small and when two cars want to pass it takes some careful manoeuvring.
If you leave the main road to go to the village centre you'll see a big white villa on the right. It's a big house and most of the time there are a few cars parked in front of it. All windows have their shutters rolled down and one can only guess what happens inside. Once a month, on Friday evening, the road is jammed with cars, at least twenty or thirty. They are all kinds of brands, from Kia to Mercedes.
Sylvie is a girl I know since my student days. She was not as wild as me and she was already glued to her boyfriend who later became her husband. They seemed a nice couple then and now. Sylvie was a bit mysterious, some people found her uninteresting. I just found her shy, or introverted. If we were sitting in a pub with friends, everybody would chat with each other, except for Sylvie who often didn't say a word for hours. She would just sit and smile, sipping from her Bacardi cola. Remarkably, she would say afterwards she had a wonderful time, just sitting and watching us in silence.
I managed to get through her cocoon, perhaps because she is part French and I like to talk inMolière'slanguage, even with my horrible accent. However, it took her ages to reveal her real secret to me. She likes to have more than one man and to fulfil that desire she and her husband visit the villa, where swinger parties take place.
I told her I was an exhibitionist and a voyeur, and she just smiled mysteriously and told me she knew for ages. She wanted to know if I would join them at a party, but swinger parties are a bridge too far for me. I agreed to accompany her for a visit to the sauna, at the same place. She promised me it would be worthwhile. I never saw her as open and talkative.
That day we drove in her mini to the villa. It's an absolute anonymous place, not that I was expecting to see red flashing lights, reading: SWINGER PARTIES INSIDE. Sylvie explained to me some of the basic rules. Nudity is allowed and encouraged even, but it is strictly forbidden to touch someone without his or her explicit consent.
"I understand, just likeKilling Kittens," I added, which made us both laugh.
We were welcomed at Club Heraklion by Simone, the lady of the house, an elderly lady. I guess she was in her fifties, but she looked much older due to her over-tanned leathery skin. She kissed Sylvie on the cheeks and then greeted me like a long-lost family member. I must confess she looked very artificial and plastic.
She gave us a tour of the mansion. It was an impressive place, with fake Greek motives and themes, not always in good taste. It had an inside pool, a Jacuzzi, a sauna, showers, a massage room and a dungeon in the cellar. I had never seen one of these before and it left a great impression.
"I guess this is not for you... yet," winked Simone.
The first floor had some private rooms and in one of them, a man was having his cock sucked by another. They didn't mind us coming in.
At the bar, where we received a glass of Champagne on the house, I was explained the rules of the place.
"We have a few guests at the moment," said Simone. "All respected members. They are very friendly. They know you are a newcomer."
We took our clothes off in the changing room. Sylvie told me that we could take a towel, but that it wasn't meant to hide our bodies, like in most saunas.
It was the first time I saw Sylvie in the nude, as a voyeur I like beautiful people, and she certainly was one. I followed her to the sauna where a naked man was already puffing and sweating. We used the towels as cushions and sat next to each other.
He was a voyeur alright, and one who got visibly excited by seeing us.
"Would you like a helping hand?", proposed Sylvie. My eyes grew wide, I would never have believed this shy girl would take the initiative. She went to the other bench and started stroking him. He touched her as well. Probably they knew each other from previous occasions.
"Ne soyez pas timide, ma chérie," said Sylvie. "Montre nous ta chatte."
I was so baffled by her suggestion that I immediately complied. I raised a leg and put it on the bench, showing them my hairy muff. Sylvie smiled and kissed her neighbour, whose dick seemed to have grown even more. I watched them like hypnotised. The man started to growl and soon after he shot an impressive load through the air.
I breathed heavily, not only from the heat.
"Excusez-nous, Romance. On va s'abstenter un peu. Tu peux joindre les autres membres au bar."
Still holding his penis, they left the sauna, probably for one of the private rooms. There I was, alone and naked in an environment I wasn't familiar with. I left the sauna and walked into the pool where I swam a bit, but it didn't relax me like I hoped it would have. I was just too anxious and uncertain.
I used the towel to dry myself and went to the lounge. There were several easy-looking couches. There also was a rattan peacock chair as used by our national sex goddess Sylvia Kristel in the first Emmanuelle film.
Simone quickly intercepted me. She was the mother hen of the place.
"It's all a bit weird and strange, isn't it?" she said in an almost motherly way. She took my arm and accompanied me to the wicker chair.
"We have a small tradition in this club," she explained. "A new member can have a seat in the Emmanuelle chair. Everyone knows that she is new and that she needs to be pampered. It really, really is a very friendly environment here. You'll see."
I sat down in the chair and noticed a few middle-aged men on a couch nearby, discussing soccer as all men do in a pub. There was a woman as well, who lifted her glass to greet me.
Simone placed a new glass of Champagne on my table.
"From the members," she said.
The woman was the first to approach me, sliding her couch closer to me. She introduced herself and we began some small talk. The men came closer too. They were board members of the organisation. They talked about the club, and all stressed the fact of how relaxed and friendly the general atmosphere was. It was, so they said, like a nude resort but with some extras.
There was a huge television set hanging on a wall. It showed a room with a bed and a couple who were having sex.
"Sylvie is having fun again," one of the men said. He grabbed a remote control and zoomed in on the action. There she was, Sylvie, with the man she met in the sauna. It was a live stream in high definition, so sharp you could see the sweat pearls on her breasts.
"Is this allowed?" I wanted to know.
Again the people were so friendly to explain the unwritten rules of Club Heraklion. If you wanted to be private you could activate a 'do-not-disturb' button, but Sylvie, who was one of the regulars, never used it.
"It seems that you are going to stay awhile with us because Harry is an insatiable stallion." one laughed. "I don't think I will have a chance with her today."
One of the men wanted to know about my 'kinks'.
"No, no, no, no," warned the woman. "It's all too much in the beginning. Let Romance get accustomed first."
Perhaps it was a general atmosphere or the fact that my glass of Champagne never seemed to get empty. I told them I was an exhibitionist and that I liked watching as well. I told them I was in a very happy relationship and that I would never cheat on my boyfriend. I told them that touching me was taboo. Thinking of Rick, I felt a wave of horniness engulfing my body. I do stupid things when I am a bit drunk.
"Can I, can I..." I asked while I opened my legs, putting a finger on my clit. Apparently, I could. Out of the blue, I gave them a little show that I probably didn't want to do. But by the looks of their penises, it was appreciated.
I am ashamed to admit it, but I came, in front of an audience, in front of a bunch of strangers. I never felt so good and so embarrassed at the same time. I put my hands in front of my face, what had I done? The lady of the house shooed the spectators away. She kneeled next to me and put her hand on my arm.
"You OK, girl? "
I nodded with tears in my eyes.
"Take a shower, get dressed, and wait in the Zen room. I'll prepare you a strong cup of coffee and will tell Sylvie you are ready to leave."
The coffee sobered me up a bit. When Sylvie finally appeared we went to the counter at the entrance of the club. I asked for the bill, afraid of what the total sum could be. This exclusive club didn't look cheap and I must have drunk a bottle of Champagne on my own. Simone told me all had been taken care of. Then she slid a plastic membership card to me.
"Welcome to the Heraklion Club," she said with a big smile. "Come back soon."