After driving home from work naked, I couldn't get dressed in the car, so I just slipped on my shirt and went in the house. It was after midnight and I doubted any of my neighbors were up. This gave me a new idea.
A few days later we had a rainy day. I decided it was time to put my new plan into action. This would be a little risky and the rain would give me at least a little cover.
I went to work as usual. I wore a skirt, a white button front blouse, pantyhose, bra, etc. and an overcoat for the rain. At 5:30 I left my desk and went to the bathroom. Nobody was around, so I removed my skirt, pantyhose, shirt and bra. I then put the shirt back on, slipped on the overcoat and slipped the rest in my bag. Hoping I didn't run into anyone on the way out, I headed for my car.
It was still light out, but gray with the rain which was still coming down. Once I got to the car I quickly threw the bag and overcoat in the back seat and got in. The rain quickly soaked my shirt and was now almost see through. I left work and took the back roads toward the mall. As I drove I started undoing buttons a few at a time, as my nerves allowed. By the time I reached the mall I had opened them all.
I drove around the mall for a bit, but with the rain there was hardly anyone around. I headed for some busier streets on my way to HWY 99. I was really getting turned on once I began sitting in traffic. I reached into my shirt and began caressing my breasts and tweaking my nipples. I could feel my pussy getting wet. I figured it was now or never. I open the shirt. I continued fondling my boobs, as traffic started moving I slipped the shirt off my shoulders so I was on full display.
When I reached HWY 99 I pulled into a grocery store parking lot and took the shirt off completely. Now I was really excited and hoping I didn't run into a cop. I pulled out onto the busy street and headed south toward Seattle. I squeezed my nipples as I went and slowly slid my hand down to my now soaking pussy. I slid my finger along my slit and back up to my hard little clit. I circled it slowly, before flicking it a few times. Then I began rubbing my nub lightly. Mmmmmm, I was getting really warm now. I rolled down the window a little to get some fresh air. I put my left foot on the edge of the dashboard and started at my hot little hole.
I decided I better pull over so I wouldn't get in an accident. I saw a bar called Marco's that I go to once in a while and pulled in the lot, but stayed out near the street. Once parked, I slid the seat all the way back and reclined it just a little. Now I was really worked up. It was still raining lightly, but I rolled the window all the way down so I could feel the moisture on my warm skin.
Now that I had both hands free I began rubbing my clit with my left hand, and started working two fingers into my pussy with the right. It was so exhilarating being naked with the cars going by right next to me and the light rain coming in the window. I worked a third finger into my pussy and started slowly pumping them in and out. A little faster now, my clit was on fire. I thought to myself, the only thing better would be sucking on a nice hard cock right now, as a masturbated so openly.
I tilted the seat a little more and put my other foot up on the other side of the steering wheel. It was time to cum. I wish I had brought a toy with me. I kept fingering my pussy, but switched to my left hand. With my now juicy right I went for my tight asshole. First my index finger, which slid in easily, then a second. Getting close, I went for a third finger up my ass. So tight, but so good, I began pressing, until I had all three in. Now I pumped with both hands, close now, almost there. I pumped as hard and fast as I could, my pussy now dripping down my ass crack. As my orgasm hit I let out a moan so loud someone had to hear me, but I didn't stop. I kept my fingers sliding away in my ass, and moved my other hand up to my clit. I rubbed it furiously, moaning the whole time, riding through another orgasm until I finally couldn't take anymore.
I lay there a few minutes in the afterglow. I was soaking wet and exhausted. I sat up and looked around. A few cars had come into the lot since I arrived, but apparently nobody had noticed me. I headed back toward home.
It was about 7:00 when I got to the house. It was dark now and still raining, but there is a streetlight next to my driveway at the back of the cul-de-sac. I wasn't sure if I should chance running for the door and having my neighbors see me. I decided I was probably safe. I grabbed my clothes and coat from the back seat and walked to the door.