Mike cut his colleague short and rushed out of the office dead on time. He wanted to – no, he had to – catch the same time train as he did last night – the 17:25 out of Temple Meads. A local train which rocked its way through the small stations before hitting the tunnel and on to his stop. He made it with a few minutes to spare and made his way to the front of the carriage, facing forwards. Sure enough, there she was. In the same seat as she was last night, facing back down the carriage.
He still wasn't sure about what he saw – or what he thought he saw last night. She was in her mid to late 20s, maybe a little older maybe not. Attractive face and figure, wearing a skirt and heels. But he still wasn't sure – could she really be unaware that she was showing so much leg? And they may have been tights but was it possible that he could see a hint of stocking top?
Last night he wasn't in a good position to tell but he could see the reaction of the guy sitting opposite her and tonight Mike wanted that front row seat for himself.
He had always been a stockings man. Naked women didn't really do anything for him but a woman wearing stockings and suspenders made the sparks fly. A woman fully dressed with a skirt and heels as well as stockings – and him getting a view up that skirt that he shouldn't really get, that was the icing on the cake. But this was the 1980s and although some skirts were nicely short, unfortunately they were often teamed with tights. Which looked great while wearing the skirt but were often a bit of a let down if that skirt was taken off.
Was it really her? He wasn't sure. Even if it was, what would he do? All he could really do was glance at her legs now and again while she looked out of the window, trying not to be too obvious about it.
She looked the typical bored commuter, staring out of the train window to pass another boring journey. At least she looked typical until she craned her neck to look at something along the tracks. The movement caused her skirt to inch up showing an exquisite expanse of nylon clad thigh. Not enough to determine whether she was wearing stockings or tights but enough to draw his gaze. Then a "harrumph" brought him back to earth as her hand tugged her hem down and he looked up to see a disapproving look on her face.
He immediately went slightly red and suddenly felt very warm but she was already looking away, glancing back out of the window. It took a while before he gained enough confidence to once again glance at her legs and he was surprised to see the skirt once again riding up her very shapely thigh. This time she leaned back to see something just out of sight and he was rewarded with the wonderful view of a soft, slightly plump, white thigh with a black stocking top and black suspender cutting into it. His penis, already aroused by the earlier sight of her legs now grew painfully hard.
Again, she saw him looking and frowned and tugged her hem to her knees. He was worried she would make a scene but unbelievably she just leaned back in her seat, closed her eyes and crossed one leg over the other. He was now greeted with a perfect view directly up her skirt. The underside of her thigh was framed by her black skirt and the view was split in two – sheer black nylon covered thigh suddenly changing to creamy white bare flesh, the border between the two being her wonderful stocking top gently squeezing into her thigh.
He drank in the view, forcing it into his memory for later. He had no idea how long he was looking but when he did look up, she was looking right at him. She gave a disgusted tut but instead of tugging her skirt down, this time she just eased down in the seat, allowing even more of her white thigh and even her brief panties to be seen, while continuing to look him right in the eye.
They both remained locked in that position until the train slowed for her stop and with a final tut and a great show of tugging her skirt down, she rose and left the train.
He caught that same train many more times and he never saw her again but he was always grateful not just for the erotic view she gave him but for the way she made it seem like an accident, the way it made him feel it was a delicious naughty secret.
To this day, over 30 years later, he can still visualise that wonderful, accidentally-on-purpose viewing she gave him, one of the most erotic experiences of his life.