Annette and I were sitting on our dorm room, getting ready to sack out for the night. My walking around naked in our room all the time, and naked trips down the hall to the bathroom, had been having an effect on her. When the school year started, Annette would never have shown herself naked, not to me, not to her long time friends, and I'm not even sure to a boyfriend, not that she had one at the beginning of the year. But now? She and I were both nude, sitting on our respective beds, just talking about stuff, when she asked me, "Dana, just when did you start to become such a show-off?"
"It's kind of a long story, but it started in high school."
"High school?"
"Yeah. I never had any boobs, and while my mom bought me the typical 'training bra,' I never liked it and never filled it out, and almost always left the training bras in the dresser drawer. Naturally, that meant I had to wear camis and thicker shirts, so I wouldn't show through. And besides, it was a Catholic high school; if I'd tried to show off there, the teachers and the nuns would have been right there to drag me out by my ear.
"I wore sweatshirts a lot, actually, when the weather was cool, but who's going to want to wear them when it gets warm out, so once I'd graduated my classmates and friends got an eyeful.
"Anyway, one day a few weeks after graduation a bunch of us girls were going out to the lake. There's an artificial sandy beach on the lake, because it's a community park, and it's just where everybody went during the summer. I was wearing a fairly skimpy bikini, and I was so skinny . . . "
"You're still skinny," Annette interjected.
"I was even skinnier then. I'm about 160 lb now, but I was about 130-135 then." (If that sounds like a lot to you, remember, I'm 6'2" tall.) "Anyway, it was a kind of pale purple, with a bandeau top, and Lisa, one of my friends said, 'Dana, you ought to go topless.'
"'I can't do thathere,I'll get arrested.'
"'Oh, c'mon, we've all seen your itty bitty titties, the guys, too, so what's being a bit more open about it going to hurt?'
"Well, there was just nowayI was going to do that. Heck, I was only eighteen! But the more Lisa egged me on, the more I wanted to do it. Then the other girls chimed in, needling me about it as well. They all had bigger boobs than I did, and Lisa had one heck of rack on her. She was the first girl to grow boobs, and by graduation, she was a full D, but by 21 she was every bit of a size 16, if not more. The girl wentwaydownhill after graduation.
"Anyway, Lisa made the ultimate challenge: 'If you'll go first, I will, too.'
"'Really? You will, huh? I bet you wouldn't.'
"Then Lisa offered me the rules: 'If you go topless, and I mean sitting up or laying on your back, not topless laying on your stomach, and make it for ten minutes without getting busted, I'll take off my top as well.'
"Oh, man, youknowhow I am with a dare or a challenge. Heck, it was your boyfriend's challenge that got me to go to the Phi Sigma party naked."
Annette grinned from ear-to-ear on that one. Butch's challenge led to me challenging him, that if I did it, he had to strip naked, too. By the time the party was started, a series of increasing challenges wound up with everyone at the party being naked, including Annette.
"You didn't have to do that, you know.Youwere the one who accepted Butch's challenge; nobody made you do it!"
"Yeah, nobodymademe, but you were all whooping and hollering when Butch was challenging me, weren't you? And you liked it even more when I turned the tables on him."
"Still . . . " Annette protested.
"And you liked it, didn't you? You looked like you were dreading it when you thought Butch was going to challenge you next at the party, and relieved when he picked that girl who looked like Bernadette. But by the time that big guy picked you as next to strip, you looked like you were having a lot of fun."
"Yeah, well I had some fermented courage in me by then. But keep on with the story; did you take off your top there?"
"OK, well what I did was to lay on my stomach, and undo my bandeau. I laid out like it was just a regular girl trying to avoid tan lines - not that I tan anyway - but than I propped up a bit on my elbows to talk. The girls could see what I was doing, kind of working my way up to it. Once I did that, what passed for my boobs were clear off the beach towel, and anyone looking from the side could have seen my nips. I was looking around, to see if it was causing any real commotion, but no one who noticed said anything or stared at me. I guess that there were some people, guys anyway, trying to sneak a peek, but they were trying not to be blatant about it. Anyway, after about five minutes, I said to Lisa, 'OK, if I roll over like this, in ten minutes you're going to strip off and join me, right?'
"'A deal is a deal,' she said.
"'OK, check your watch,' and I rolled over.
"Annette, wow, it was such a rush!" I could replay every second of that day in my mind, and did, a lot.
"Anyway, Lisa just sat there, looking at me for a few minutes. I don't think she believed I'd do it. And, other than close by, I really didn't get too much notice. After all, I'm the whitest white girl in town, and that might have made things a bit less obvious from a distance. My nips weren't quite as pink as they are now, either. So, with all the girls watching, I reached for the sunscreen and rubbed some into my bare tits. Their eyes just got bigger.
"After five minutes or so, Lisa realized that it was getting close to time for her to make good on her end of the bargain, so she arranged her towels, rolled onto her stomach, and undid her top. She was laying down, so you couldn't see her boobs yet, but after a couple of minutes, she raised up onto her elbows, which let them swing free. She was looking around, trying to see if trouble was coming, and when I said, 'Time!' she went ahead and rolled over onto her back.
"Like I said, my itty bitties didn't get that much attention, but Lisa's monster rack sure did! All of a sudden there were guys sprouting out of the ground like gophers. Lisa had a good tan already, and when she took off her top, she had milky white tits with dark brown nips on them, and I think the guys could see them from the other side of the lake.
"Of course, all of that extra attention drew the attention of the park rangers. 'You girls need to roll over on your stomachs,' the ranger told us, and the rangers kept an eye over at our beach blanket to make sure that we weren't flashing again. Lisa covered up, but I stayed topless, laying on my stomach, but I was still propped up on my elbows. I got alotof attention from the guys for that, but the real thing was that I was just plain hooked on showing off. I was so hot and wet I couldn't stand myself, and if the guys hadn't been so darned I've-never-seen-a-girl-before clumsy, I'd have probably lost my virginity that day."
Annette giggled at that one. "Yeah, some of them really are. Even now Butch seems a bit clueless. He's gotten to sleep with me already, and I know I'm not the first girl he's been with, but sometimes he still seems like, am I really doing this."
I answered, "I know. I haven't figured out Clay yet, and we're so close to the end of the semester that I don't know if I will.."
"OK, sure, but is there more to your story?" Annette was really into hearing about this!
"Just a little more that day. The park rangers were watching us too closely for me to do any more major showing off, but one of he guys, a high school buddy named Brandon, took the initiative to 'renew' the sunscreen on my back. Hey, I'm sure I needed it, and he got as much of a charge from rubbing sunscreen into my back as I did. Probably more really, because back then I was still hung up on the idea that a guy had to be at least as tall as his girlfriend, and in high school, that didn't leave a whole lot of guys I saw as eligible. Brandon was cute, but he was another shorter guy, so while I let him sunscreen my back - and of course he tried to move as far down my side to my boobs as he could - that was as far as I'd let him go.
"When it was time to leave, I grabbed my bandeau, sat up, but put it on before the park rangers could say anything. When I got home, I jumped in the shower to wash off all of that sunscreen, but I was so hot and horny that I had to get myself off, right then. My mom was home, so I couldn't make any noise, which was a bit frustrating, but I got myself off again that night."
"So, that's how you got started as an exhibitionist?"
"Exhibitionist? Show-off sounds justsomuch better." I had to grin at that one. "But anyway, there's more."
"More?"