This is my first story, so please be gentle. It is the first in a series and I'd love your feedback. Thanks, Tim
*****
About 2 years ago I started my first proper job out of University. I'd spent my first three months out of education travelling by bike around Europe, surfing where I could and trying to polish up my rusty Spanish. Having worked in a Spanish restaurant during my holidays and done some maths tutoring during the term, I'd saved up a reasonable amount of money, but by December I was running low and decided to return to England and look for a job. I'd scored high marks in my maths degree and had plenty of extra-curricular activities on my C.V., which meant that it wasn't too hard to get invited to some interviews.
The first one I attended was with a small finance company in rural Surrey. Most of the interviewees were young male graduates like myself, although there were a couple of women, both of them quite attractive and one particularly flirtatious. Although she wasn't dressed in anything overly provocative, her light and loose cream-coloured top would allow more than a glimpse of her red lacy bra whenever she leant over the table, as she frequently did during the first group exercise. Although I wasn't sat opposite her I noticed a couple of the young men that were couldn't stop their eyes flicking downwards periodically. The girl, whose name was Steph, had an slim attractive figure, straight light-brown hair and a general demeanour of innocence. However, when she caught one of the boys trying to catch a look down her top, a smile would flash across her face and it was clear she knew exactly what she was doing.
By the end of the session I was pleased to be informed that I'd performed well enough to be kept behind with 3 others to continue interviewing in the afternoon. Steph was one of those kept back, but the 2 men who had been sat opposite her weren't, having grown increasingly flustered during the morning. The four of us were served some lunch and left alone to rest and chat with each other. During this time Steph began to grow more daring in her exhibitionist tendencies. As she sat down, she hitched up her pencil skirt to above her knees and proceeded to cross and uncross her legs a number of times, each time slightly slower than before, allowing a longer view up her skirt. Once again I was sat next to her rather than opposite, but I could tell from the reactions of the two slightly nerdy men opposite that they were seeing a lot more than they were used to.
Now that there were no longer any members of the company observing us Steph let her demeanour of innocence slip and was flirting openly and clearly enjoying having the attention of 3 young men on her. As the discussion meandered further away from professional matters and became more informal, Steph stood up slightly and went to brush some crumbs off her skirt, but as she brushed her hands against the tight fabric, she allowed her finger to catch the hem slightly, lifting it a couple of centimetres each time. She was watching the two boys opposite her and pretended not to notice that her thighs were now more or less entirely exposed. Although it was December, she was wearing completely sheer tights that I knew would hide nothing from the increasingly wide-eyed boys opposite her.
Steph sat down with her skirt hitched more or less up to her waist. I couldn't be sure from where I was sat, but it looked like she wasn't wearing any panties. That was certainly what I guessed from the way the other men were staring. It was clear they weren't comfortable at all, but simply couldn't help themselves. One had now stopped even trying to pretend he wasn't looking and when Steph saw this she stopped mid-sentence, giggled girlishly and said his name...
"Adam... are you trying to look up my skirt?" She pulled a mock-shocked face and looked him in the eyes.
"Uhh.. no, I wasn't really," he replied, turning bright red and causing Steph to giggle again.
Although I thought it was slightly cruel, I had to admit it was really hot the way Steph had them both wrapped around her little finger. I think she was aware that I wasn't quite as immersed as the other two, but I had caught her eyes and smiled once or twice to let her know I was enjoying her little show.
Steph bit her lip then replied, "It's okay... I don't mind... I actually quite like it, so feel free to keep looking". As she spoke she started to run one hand slowly up the inside of her thigh towards her crotch, parting her legs slightly and then placing the other hand on her breasts and gently squeezing them. I could hear both the other boys breathing heavily and I was now staring myself. Steph opened her mouth, tilted her head back slightly, whilst still making eye contact with Adam opposite her. Then, just as she began to rub between her legs, we heard heavy footsteps approaching the door. Steph smiled and quickly adjusted her skirt before the door was opened and a man told us it was time for our individual interviews. Fortunately, the man waited just outside the door for us to get ready, which gave the us a chance to adjust our obvious erections and Steph a chance to look in our direction, lick her lips seductively and wish us good luck, before we were each led away.
I knew I hadn't made the most of the amazing show I'd just been given and in hindsight I'm amazed I was able to approach the rest of the day with any composure at all, but part of me was glad I hadn't been too distracted from the forthcoming interview. It's also true that I've always had more of a taste for older women. Ever since the age of 18 when the cleaner at my parents' house had walked in on me whilst I was showering, I've enjoyed the maturity and sexual experience of women older than me. I'm a touch over 6 foot tall, with reasonably long blonde hair and having played a lot of sport over the last few years, in particular rowing and cycling, I'm in good shape - not overly muscular, but very toned.
Anyway, having taken a quick trip to the gents to splash my face with cold water, I managed to return my mind more or less to the task at hand and get my sizeable erection under control. I was then taken for an individual interview with one of the more senior managers of the company.
I entered the room and was slightly surprised to be greeted by a young, maybe early-thirties, woman. Given the gender ratio of the interviewees and what I'd observed walking through the offices, I guess I'd been expecting a man. Immediately I was impressed by her; any woman who can hold her own and progress in such a male-dominated environment must have something about her. She was friendly but quite stern and introduced herself as Anna. She was dressed in a smart but sexy black dress, shiny black heels and I wondered whether she was wearing stockings or tights. Either way, they looked good.
As I'd guessed, she was very sharp - quick to pick up on any uncertainties in what I said and she listened in a manner that suggested she had a good ear for detail. The interview ran along fairly standard lines, I'd anticipated most of the questions and felt like I gave convincing answers to pretty much every question I was asked. Steph's exposed thighs and naughty smiles crossed my mind a few times, but Anna's professional and attentive manner helped me stay focussed on her questions and as we neared the end of our allotted hour I was feeling quite confident I'd done enough to secure the job.
During the hour Anna's office had grown increasingly warm, clearly whoever operated the heating system had over-compensated for the cold weather outside and just before the end of the interview Anna asked if I'd mind her opening the window slightly for a few minutes. I said I didn't mind at all and got up to open it myself, but before I'd stood up properly Anna was on her way over to the window. She had a second desk over by the window and tried to lean over it to reach the window. Her dress rose slightly but it was clear she wasn't able to reach the window and she then surprised me by climbing up on to the desk on all fours to reach the window handle. As she did this her black dress rose further up the back of her thigh and answered my earlier question by exposing the elaborately lacy top of her stockings.
Given her earlier professional manner I was caught off-guard by this sudden show. Anna hadn't given any indication of being interested in anything other than my ability to do an effective job at the company, but there was no way she couldn't know that her dress had ridden up. I felt myself harden again as my eyes lingered on her shapely ass. She was only there momentarily and as she got down she turned her head to look at me. I knew she'd caught me staring, but she didn't acknowledge it in any way and just sat down and finished off the interview with a few mundane questions. Once we were finished she stood up, smiled and shook my hand as she held my eyes. Her smile reassured me that either she didn't mind catching me looking, or that she'd decided to forget it.
The next day I was contacted and told that I'd got the job and that, so long as it suited me, my first day would be the 5th of January. I accepted the job, since the money was good and I liked the rural location of the office. I tried not to let how attractive I'd found Anna influence my decision and imagined that I probably wouldn't be interacting with her too much, given how senior she was in the company. Over the next few months I'd discover that Steph (who was also offered a job) was more than just a tease and my assumption that I wouldn't see much of Anna would be proved extremely and delightfully incorrect...