If you have not read the first three chapters of our story I recommend you read them first as this is a continuation of my Wife Gail's reluctant use of her body.
It had been 4 months since I had lost my job, and although I looked, there were no jobs available. We were able to pay our bills only because of the dancing/stripping that my wife Gail had done at a bachelor party. She had also done a private strip dance for one of the guys from the bachelor party that turned into her having sex with him. Since that had been two weeks ago she had not had any offers for dancing. One morning her agent called about another bachelor party but with a hitch, the client wanted two girls.
Gail had confided with a Belly Dance classmate that she had done a bachelor party gig and had done a strip/dance. Her friend Tina was fascinated and wanted to hear all the details. After hearing how much fun and how much money Gail had made, she was jealous and wanted to do one with her, but she knew her husband would never let her. When the opportunity for a two girl show came up, Gail offered it to Tina.
A little about Tina. She is late 20's, pretty with black hair below her shoulders, 5' 4, 34-B chest, slim waist, tight ass and nice toned legs. She has two kids about the same age as ours, and is married to Allen, who is mid 30's and is very conservative. According to Tina he has a low sexual appetite, and would rather drink beer than have sex with her, which is hard to believe, because she is a knockout with a hot body.
So the girls talked it over and Tina was all in. She wasn't going to tell her husband because she knew he would never let her dance nude in front of a bunch of horny guys. They had three weeks to put their routine together and decided to practice at our house during the day while our kids were in school. I would accompany the girls, handle the music and keep an eye on the guys. My thoughts were this was a good way to make some money and not have to worry about Gail doing an unescorted private party.
The girls figured out their routine after just a couple of practices, then decided to have a full dress rehearsal. I was to play the music while they would dance and strip, as if it were a real party. I was looking forward to seeing Tina strip to get a better look at her hot body.
With the girls in the bedroom changing into their costumes I got the cassette player ready and let them know they could begin. On cue I started the music and they danced into the living room. This was my first time seeing Tina in her costume and it was very revealing, as was Gail's, but I had seen Gail's many times before. Tina wore a white sheer pushup bra, a violet sheer ribbon skirt, a white Belly Dance belt and white sheer string bikini panties. They were both barefoot and looked hot.
As they danced they began taking off clothing, first the belts came off in unison, then during the second dance the ribbon skirts were shed. I noticed the beginnings of an erection as soon as the first dance started and it was much more pronounced when the skirts came off. Gail had explained to Tina that this is when she should dance close to the guys so they could tuck bills into her panties, so Tina danced very close to me.
Midway through the third number it was time for the bra's to come off and Tina danced right in front of me as she slipped her arms through the shoulder straps of her bra. She stared into my eyes as she reached behind her back and unsnapped the remaining strap and dropped her bra in my lap. My erection was now getting uncomfortable, and I couldn't hide it from Gail's eyes, as she looked my way. She smiled at me and had also removed her bra, so I had two beautiful women dancing for me clad in only bikini panties.
Tina's breasts were not as big as Gail's, but her nipples were more perky, and at the moment hard as a rock. This was the first time she had done anything like this and I could tell she was turned on and loving it, as she flaunted her bare breasts in my face. Gail had told her to shake her breasts at the guys and to expect them to be groped, so I played the part and caressed Tina's perky tits.
For the next dance the girls would shed their panties and I couldn't wait. I was by now sporting a full blown erection from watching, but mostly from playing with Tina's boobs and nipples. I started the music and the girls danced topless for me, both of them tempting me with bare boobs until together they turned away from me, bent at the waist, and peeled down their panties. Now I knew how the guys at the bachelor party felt, only double for me. This was a beautiful sight, two bare bottoms in my face with their pussies peeking through between their legs. As Gail turned around to face me Tina backed up to me and straddled my legs, before sitting on my lap.
She slowly ground her bare ass into my erect cock as Gail took my face in her hands and gave me a deep French kiss. This, she said, is for all the things you have let me do for my own pleasure. With that Tina stood and took my hand and led me to the bedroom. She began to undress me and with Gail's help I was soon as naked as the girls. On to the bed the three of us fell, me in the center with a beautiful, nude woman on each side. Gail whispered to me to enjoy Tina's body however I wanted, because she wanted to repay me for her infidelity by giving me that same kind of pleasure.
At first it felt awkward to touch and feel Tina's bare flesh with Gail right there, but I got over the awkwardness quickly as we all three got into it. Tina was hesitant for only a few minutes as I explored her body with fingers and tongue, first her perky tits then her willing and wet shaved pussy. All the while Gail was kissing my neck, whispering she loved me in my ear, then finally taking my cock in her warm sweet mouth. The feeling of eating Tina's pussy while Gail sucked my cock was unbelievable and I wanted it to go on forever.
Tina had never done anything like this, and her pussy was sopping wet from all the excitement. As I licked her pussy and sucked her clit between my lips, Gail played with and pinched her nipples. I had never seen Gail touch another woman like that, and she seemed to really be into it. Tina moaned and in only a couple minutes had a shaking orgasm. After a minute she came down from her orgasm and caught her breath, and told Gail she had never been touched by another girl and it was hot.
At this point I just couldn't wait any longer, I positioned Tina on her back, slipped a pillow under her ass, pushed her knees to her shoulders, and spread her legs wide. As I was about to enter Tina, Gail smiled at me and took my cock in her hand, and said let me help as she guided me into Tina's pussy. Tina moaned as I slid inside her wet pussy and I began to slowly thrust in and out. Tina moaned softly to us that she had never been so hot and turned on in her life, and she felt an orgasm coming. As I fucked Tina, Gail and I gently caressed her erect nipples and needed her breasts.
It took all the self control I had to keep from coming as she was very tight but so well lubed with her juices that I slid in and out easily. Gail whispered to me that Tina was on the pill, and they had discussed earlier that I could cum inside her. Tina began to moan louder, and between moans she cried out I'm coming, then she shook again as orgasm number two hit her. When her tight pussy began to spasm around my cock I couldn't hold out any longer and I shot jet after jet of my hot cum into Tina's tight pussy.
After we all caught our breath and were sprawled naked on the bed, Tina said that was by far the most erotic adventure she had ever taken and thanked us both. Gail told Tina that in the past I had allowed her to have similar adventures, and this was my reward for being such an understanding and loving husband. They didn't get in any more practice that afternoon and Tina did eventually get dressed and go home to her husband and kids.
As for Gail and I, we went back to it as soon as Tina left. She hadn't had an orgasm so between my fingers, lips and cock I gave her two before the kids got home from school. I thanked her over and over for the wonderful surprise she had given me, and Gail promised me it would not be the last time. I told myself that I needed to be more lenient with her in the future as far as her extramarital sex was concerned. I realized that she loved me and wanted me to be as happy as she was, besides I did love hearing about her extramarital adventures while she and I had sex.
With almost two weeks to go before the two girl bachelor party, Gail got a call from another guy that attended the first bachelor party. He was looking for a date simulator to Jerry's, but that's another story.
I would appreciate any constructive comments. Thanks for reading.