Author's note: Thanks to an anonymous fan for some of the ideas and themes in this chapter!
Chapter 9: Truth and Consequences
She recognized him right away from the video. The scale of him in person -- wow. He was tall. "Hello, I'm Becky Ann, Kelly's roommate," she said. "I'm sure she's sorry she's late. We expect her any minute."
"Thanks for fetching me when I called your room," said Scott.
The massive scale of the man! And knowing what was underneath. The muscles! The... ohgod. And now the smell of him. Freshly showered, with just a hint of something that made her weak in her tummy, in her knees.
Becky Ann turned away from him abruptly and said in a quavering voice, "Come this way." She was mapping a way in her head to sneak him and stuff him into their dorm room. If she didn't handle this properly, their whole floor, and perhaps other floors, might be alerted. Then there would be mayhem. Into the stairwell, which NOBODY used except for smoking weed. It was a don't ask, don't tell zone.
He was in good shape, too. He wasn't even breathing hard by the time they reached the fifth floor landing. She was ready to pitch her lunch. "This way," she burbled. Three doors, and then boom! Into their dorm room. Safe and sound.
"I need to take a leak, if you don't mind," said Scott. "Us old people need our bathroom breaks, you know."
Becky Ann started to sweat. She didn't like confrontation. "It's a shared bathroom," she explained. "Let me go and check if the coast is clear." She knew it wasn't. She added, "YOU STAY HERE. With the door closed. Where you won't be seen."
She left the dorm room. If she could have locked him in there, she would have. She cracked the bathroom door to find that Beth was taking every minute of her time today. "Jesus Scotty! Carry me home! Lead me and rule me! Oh heavenly stud, take me to the promised land! Oh Lord God! Praise be! AAAAAAAIIIIIIEEEEE!" Yes, Beth was unswerving in the complete and punctual use of her time.
Back in the dorm room, Scott's ears perked up. He was pretty sure he heard the throes of orgasmic ecstasy coming from the hallway. It sounded like his name and the Lord's were being taken in vain. Good company. Well, Kelly had mentioned that he had a multitude of fans on this floor. One of them apparently shared a bathroom with Kelly and Becky Ann.
"Um! AHEM! Beth!" urged Becky Ann.
"Wha wa?" Beth was deep in the arms of rapture. She slid off of Scotty. It pulsed on the wall and looked frustrated. It looked like it wanted to finish what Beth had started.
"We have a problem," Becky Ann said. "Scott is here, and he needs to use the toilet."
"Scott?!" cried Beth. "As in... Scott Scott?!"
"Yes," said Becky Ann. "Kelly's Scott."
"Very well. Even sinners need to pee. It shouldn't be on your carpet," said Beth, "I'll take some of Kelly's time later. Bet she won't be using it!" They both burst into giggles. Beth grabbed her clothes and wrapped herself in a towel. She scampered for the room she shared with Julie across the corridor.
Becky Ann returned to her room. Scott was there looking at Kelly's mathematics textbooks, looking impressed. "Coast is clear," she singsonged. Becky Ann smuggled him across the hall to the bathroom. She stood guard as casually as she could manage at the door.
If there were lesbian whorehouses, they would smell like Kelly's shared bathroom, Scott concluded. Mmm, yum. It smelled like a sweet young lesbian whorehouse, at that. It smelled like the girls sharing this place were all at a fever pitch of excitement. He fancied he could smell all their individual scents. He could certainly pick out Kelly's, yum! He barely got his business done in the toilet before a massive stiffy impeded any possible further progress. His curiosity piqued, he took a good look around the place. He couldn't miss the expensive toy stuck to the shower wall. He took a big whiff of the tip. Freshly used mere moments ago. He would have to be extra careful. He was in the den of some young tigresses here.
Becky Ann smuggled Scott back into the dorm room. "Kelly should be here any moment," she encouraged him. He sat on Kelly's bed. Becky Ann sat at her study desk with her chair turned around to face Scott. She felt a need to entertain him. She looked around uncertainly. "Well it's not a secret that everybody in the school has seen it. So... I liked your video with Kelly."
"You're very kind," said Scott. He smirked. "What was your favorite part?"
The image flooded Becky Ann's mind of Kelly spread and pinned like a bug on Scott. Spread, speared with his slippery pounding dick, grabbing her arms, her grimace of pleasure and orgasm. "The part where you have your head on her lap and ask her to marry you."
"Aw," said Scott. "I like that part too."
There was a knock on the door. "That's her!" said Becky Ann with relief. But no. Kelly would just walk in. Becky Ann opened the door.
It was Beth and Julie from next door. "Hi!" said Julie brightly. The fiery Latina was excited to see Scott over Becky Ann's shoulder.
Beth looked more reserved. "We've come to... check on things," she said. The two young ladies took a seat on Becky Ann's bed across from Scott.
As he met the girls, Scott got a distinct whiff that Beth was the one who had just now been loudly abusing herself. He smelled the young pheromones steaming off all three of Kelly's roommates. Yikes! He crossed his legs to try to hide the surge in his insistent erection. He felt like a wolf invited to a hen party. Make that a whole floor of hens. Beth was a tall, thin, proud young black woman. She looked like a nun and smelled like she'd just been ridden hard and put away wet. Scott shut his eyes, made a short prayer for strength, and opened them again.
"I feel like I already know you," said Julie lustily. Ronnie was halfway across the country at another school, and here was her wet dream come to life. Fuck Ronnie. Fuck him all to hell.
"Has... Kelly talked about me?" offered Scott, not wanting to assume. How deep would the shit be if Kelly's roommates concluded he was hitting on them?
"No, you silly, the video," said Julie. "The one where you hammered Kelly to within an inch of her life."
"Julie!" Beth scolded. "Wash your mouth out!"
"Kelly said the baby was a special effect," blurted Becky Ann. Julie regarded him with open lust. Beth was trying to conceal hers.
What the hell was Becky Ann talking about? Oh, must be... "You mean the... uh... ejaculation?" he asked nervously.
"What else?" confirmed Becky Ann, like he was trying to be evasive by playing dumb.
Scott relaxed. "In a sense, yes," Scott said. "Some time ago, I had a vasectomy." When he saw confusion on some of their faces, he continued. "That's an operation where a man's vas deferens tubes are cut and tied off. The the man's sperm can't reach and mix with the seminal fluid. So my seminal fluid, my ejaculate, has no sperm in it. I'm sterile."
Becky Ann asked, "So you have to take hormones to keep your... you know?"
"No," said Scott, "The operation doesn't affect hormones at all. I still produce sperm, even. They just can't get out."
Julie demanded, "Why do women do all this complicated stuff when men can just do that?"
"Vasectomies can be hard to reverse," said Scott.
"But you're convinced you can reverse yours so you can give Kelly..." Beth paused for an obvious wet dream moment, "pregnancy?"
"Uh, we haven't gotten that far," said Scott.
"Beth, chill," said Julie. "We are not your parishioners."
"Kelly said your penis was a special effect," blurted Becky Ann.
"Why would she say that?" asked Scott, caught off guard. What do these little girls chatter about all night?
"C'mon," said Julie, oozing with skepticism, "it must be a trick of the camera or something."
"Nope," said Scott, feeling like he was digging some kind of hole for himself.
"You already told us about the fake semen," said Becky Ann.
"It's not fake semen," Scott clarified. "It's real semen that doesn't have any sperm in it. You know the company that made your sex toy? They used my penis as a model. Partly. Mostly."
"What sex toy?" Julie gaped, horrified he knew their dirty secret.
"You say my dick is fake, and then you gaslight me about your shared sex toy?" he tutted at them. "Ladies, please."
"Sorry," said Julie. "You're right, we have a toy."
"Kelly owns it," Beth accused.
"I only did it because they were doing it," said Becky Ann.
"You slut, you were the first one!" snarled Julie.
"Stop this nonsense," scolded Beth. The girls looked contrite.
"Well, if matters are as you say, we'll know," said Beth, making a come hither gesture with her hand. "Let's examine you, then." She said it like she was going to test him on his bible verses.
"I beg your pardon?" said Scott, too shrilly. Three naive-looking college coeds were demanding he expose himself to them. His reasoning faculties were slowly collapsing under the strain of it.
"Yes, that would settle it," agreed Julie, nodding.
"Yes," concluded Becky Ann, staring at his crossed legs and swallowing hard.
"You know? Okay. Sure," said Scott. He knew it was crazy. But they had impugned his manhood. He had a personal and professional reputation to uphold. If Kelly ever found out, surely she'd understand. He stood up and slid down his yoga pants and boxer briefs in a single motion. Always prepared. Out it sprang gloriously erect, almost smacking them in their faces in the crowded dorm room.
The three girls gasped. Their eyes glinted with artistic and erotic reverence. There was flushing and blushing. He'd seen it before. "So it is real," said Beth, as if it were the Holy Grail.
"Can we touch it?" asked Julie.
"What now?" said Scott. "Don't believe your eyes?"
Julie was the first to grip it. Right around the middle. "It's better," she said to the others.
Becky Ann gripped it near the head. Composure was not a thing in this circumstance. It pulsed and bucked helplessly in their hands.
Beth gripped it near the base and felt its exciting hardness.
Kelly strolled in, jumped in surprise, and shouted, "WHAT in HELL'S DICKENS is GOING ON here?!"
Kelly's three bathroom mates looked at her, froze, and turned ashen. Scott flinched but was held in place by the three coeds with vice-like grips on his penis. Julie babbled, "It started when Scott said the toy was based on him."
"No," said Beth, "It started because Becky Ann said that you said his penis was a special effect."
"I never said any such thing!" demanded Kelly.
"I lied, I'm sorry," said Becky Ann.
"And YOU!" said Kelly, turning on Scott again. "You're older than all their ages put together!"
"And you're a math major?" he asked rhetorically.
"You know what I mean!" fumed Kelly.
Scott spanked the three coeds' hands until they let go. He said, "I've been shamelessly exploited by your bathroom toy mates." He turned to them and said, "No more dick for you."
Kelly blushed darkly at the revelation her sex toy had been revealed to him. "It was before your time," she assured him.
"It's okay, it's not a sin," Scott insisted. "And this... did not look right, I admit. But it was a harmless discussion that got out of hand."
"It looked very well in hand to me," Kelly said crossly. "Shame on all of you!"
"It was our fault," Beth assured Kelly. "Your love, though sinful, seems genuine. Your boyfriend, as he said to me on the phone, casts the devil's own spell. We were weak. He didn't make us do anything. It's just the pull of the devil in him. If you like, I could try to cast it out."
Kelly was suddenly amused, "How would you go about that, Beth?"
Beth thought for a moment. "I will have to think on it."
"Would it involve touching his dick?" asked Kelly.
"I will have to think on it," Beth said firmly.
Later, in Scott's bed, cradled in his arms, Kelly felt exasperated. "How is our relationship supposed to work if it's literally your job to bang women?"
"Many marriages in the porn industry are open marriages," said Scott. "The rules have to be the same for both partners for it to be fair. All I would need is an agreement that we would each tell the other who we were banging and when. That's easy for me, because I have a shooting schedule. We have to have proof that the person we're going to be banging is safe. Or we have to use a condom. In my case, we always have papers, and some producers use condoms beyond that to be extra-safe. I'm permanently fixed, but you'd have to have a plan to stay safe from unwanted pregnancy. Either stay on that birth control, or whatever. That's about it. Oh, and children. We'd have to figure out children."
"You want me to have children?" asked Kelly.
"No," said Scott. "In case you want children."
"I don't want any children," Kelly said firmly.
"That's what you say now," said Scott.
"That's my answer," said Kelly. "It's unequivocal."
"Trust me," said Scott. "People often change their minds about such things. If it's not discussed, or it's off limits, it can ruin a long-term relationship."
"Whatever," said Kelly. "I'll think about it."
On Saturday evening, Scott brought Kelly to a party. It was hosted by Martin and a few other notable porn producers in the area. There were producers, directors, hangers on, and lots of male and female talent. Scott warned her in advance. A lot of business was done at these parties, so it was important for him to attend. There was a lot of human contact, everything from flirting to public sex. It was common for female talent especially to be passed around like popcorn at these gatherings.
Scott assured her and Martin had assured him that Kelly would be immune to any unwanted attentions. Mostly, it was female talent needing to give out free samples to get hired. Although Kelly wasn't looking for work, there might be confusion. Kelly felt bad for Scott. Not only did he have to find work. He had to babysit her all evening. She was determined to not need a babysitter.
Kelly was approached by what must have been every porn producer and director at the party. It was mostly very cordial. She realized how hugely successful her video with Scott had been. Everyone was licking their chops to hire her. Everyone had seen her video. They made crass comments to her about it, as if she were a piece of meat. Even Martin made a sotto voice offer to her to lose her anal virginity on camera with Scott. The offer was ten grand to her and an additional five grand to Scott. It was an awful lot of money. She actually had to go to the bathroom and hyperventilate. She told Martin she would think about it and talk to Scott.
Near the end of the evening, everyone was stoned or drunk except Kelly. Scott and Martin were nowhere to be found. A short stocky producer had been following her, jostling her, sidling up to her for a while. They hadn't talked about any projects. He was just quietly doing this harassment. Near the cookie table, she felt his presence again behind her and off to the side. This time, he deftly slipped a hand into her panties. He rammed a finger into her asshole up to the first knuckle.
Kelly's reaction was immediate. Her elbow flew back behind her and hit him in the face. Later she learned that she'd broken his nose. He was enraged, but people nearby who knew her status at the party intervened. Somebody drove the hapless fellow to the emergency room. She got high fives from several people about that, especially female talent. Even so, she felt violated. It was an ugly episode.
The morning after the incident, Kelly's phone rang. It was a new number. A distinguished woman's voice said, "Miss Kelly Langston? I'm Vaasanaa Moolak, marketing manager of the Human Entertainment Division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation."
Kelly swallowed, uncertain what would follow. "Yes? Wait... you mean you're the 'Share and Enjoy' people?"
"That's us," Vaasanaa replied.
"You made my dildo!" Kelly exclaimed.
"It's hardly a mere dildo, Miss Langston," Vaasanaa protested.
Kelly giggled. "You think I don't know that? Woof!"
"Yes. Well. About that," the lady continued. "Our technicians noted an anomaly regarding your Vibra-Thrust product for the discerning woman. It has been connecting for software updates at least eight times per day."
Kelly was mortified. They could watch her and all her bathroom buddies cum on their little computer graphs! She knew she shouldn't have given the dong their wifi password. She knew she shouldn't have clicked yes when it asked whether she'd be willing to share "diagnostic information." Sure, like diagnosing we're all sluts for plastic cock, more like it. "I... if... if that's a problem, I can tone it down," she stammered.
"No, that's not a problem at all," the lady assured her. "Rather, I'd like to congratulate you on your... robust enthusiasm... for our product. Now, Miss Langston, as to the reason for my call. We looked at your warranty data. Finding that you're an adult actress, we'd like to make you a business offer."
Now Kelly was double-mortified. She knew she shouldn't have sent in that stupid postcard. But it had free postage on it! She couldn't waste free postage. "Uhh..." Kelly stammered. "I don't do that anymore."
The lady continued undeterred. "Our marketing division would like to make a modest video tutorial, and we think you would be a perfect fit."
"Oh, no video," said Kelly. "No video."
"These would be tastefully done, Miss Langston, not porn. We wouldn't be appealing to anybody's base prurient interests with these instructional videos. They'd be merely instructional. They'd be for women. Purchasers of our product. Discerning women. Not even lesbians. Well... hardly ever lesbians, at least. The point is, they would be tastefully done. They wouldn't show your face or any other distinguishing features. Just the pelvic area. And internally with a special camera rig. Though I suppose if someone studied your other videos... but no. Completely anonymous, I assure you."
"Let me get this straight," said Kelly. "You want to put a camera up my hoo-hoo?"
"Just a small one, Miss Langston. Unobtrusive," the lady assured her. "We wouldn't want to interfere with your enjoyment. In fact, the point is to show... well, now, I'm probably getting into too much detail over the phone."
There was this rhythmic noise on the phone. Almost as if the lady was maybe... but no, this was a serious business call. Then again, these were the people who might.
"I'm sorry to disappoint you, but it's not just me," Kelly confessed. "It's also my roommate and the girls next door to us that we share a bathroom with. I let them all share it."
The lady had a tinkling laugh, suitable perhaps for a cocktail party. "Mmm. Mmhm. We're well aware of your heh, "sharing and enjoying" so to speak, with your bathroom cohort, Miss Langston. Just another reason why our business relationship would be a match made in heaven. Mmm, really, heaven."
"Wait one country parsec!" exclaimed Kelly, "You know about the four of us? But how?"
"Telemetry," the lady answered simply.
"Tele-who-what?" asked a confused Kelly.
"We can see that you generally climb on first in the morning and last at night. At least, those episodes correlate definitively with your height, estimated vaginal tone, responsiveness, and... uh... endurance."
"Guilty as charged," Kelly whimpered in shame.
"Now your girl number two is an interesting case. Petite, good vaginal tone, clearly no stranger to men, and responsive! All you young ladies, so responsive! It's an inspiration, I'll tell you. Excuse me." A muffled shriek in the background.
"Thank you?" offered Kelly.
"And the third girl. Medium height. A little portly. Vagina brand new to begin with. We busted the seal on that bitch! Oh, pardon. I mean, what an honor. Her endurance is rapidly improving. Highly motivated! We're so honored that she deflowered herself on our device. We have so little telemetry on that! If I don't get a chance to meet her, you should tell her. Why, her telemetry alone caused us to change our entire thrust profile leading up to the event. More sidling, tapping, teasing, making sure everything is nice and lubricious, and then WHAP!"
Kelly jumped in response to the woman's sudden shout.
"Clean breakage," the lady continued. "Excuse me a moment." The phone muffled, but Kelly could still distinctly hear, "Fuck me, fuck me, OH YEAH NNNNNGH!" The woman returned to the line. "And the fourth one, tall, thin, must be another virgin, so tight! But little or no hymen. Good vaginal tone from the outset. And Lord, her devotion is almost spiritual, it's like yoga, or some ascetic regimen! All her sessions are so strictly timed. Always exactly two hours, amazing, her stamina, and for a near-virgin! She resists longer and longer, then from there, bam, bam, bam! Orgasms like clockwork. It would be fascinating to meet her."
"Well, she is very spiritual," Kelly offered.
The rhythmic noise became more pronounced. "Do you think they might be persuaded... to join you in this endeavor? Excuse me," the lady said and the phone muffled. Through the muffling, Kelly could hear the woman shout, "Oh! Jesus Christ! OHHHH!" After a moment, the lady returned to the line. "Well, yes... what were we discussing? Oh yes! Your friends! Could you all drop by our corporate offices at, say, 3 PM today? We'll send a car."
"Well, I can come," said Kelly. "I'll try to round up the others."
"Yes, come, cum, Cum, CUM -- CUMMMM!" screeched the lady. "Oh excuse me, I have Tourette, or something today. My, it's hot. And one more thing, Miss Langston. A point of curiosity. Why have none of you used the ejaculation feature? It's generally very popular. True, refills can be pricey if not bought in bulk. We have great volume discounts, though. And you can use regular water-based lubricants as well in a pinch. Your ejaculation reservoir is still full."
"The what feature?" Kelly exclaimed.
"The ejaculation feature," the lady repeated. "Just press the blue button twice on the remote control. The device enters a simulated male excitement phase ending in an ejaculation."
"Neat," said Kelly, smiling diabolically. "You can ask us at 3 PM."
"Very well, see you at three." She hung up. What an odd lady, Kelly thought.
Kelly rushed into the bathroom. Becky Ann had worn herself out and gone for lunch. She had about half an hour before it was Beth's turn. Beth was punctual and uncompromising, like the lady said.
After fifteen minutes of indulging in frequent orgasms from Scotty's thrusts, it was time to experiment. She clicked the blue button on the remote control twice. Immediately she felt a change, like that shiver a guy makes sometimes when he realizes he's going to cum. Then oh yeah, he's helpless, pounding her like a machine, WAS a machine, strokes shortening. She orgasmed again because the anticipation was killing her. After that, strokes shortening to a mania of fucking. "Knock me up, Scotty!" she shrieked, orgasming again. And then BAM! A blink of quiet. Then she felt it distinctly. Hot pulsing jets! Bam! Bam! She shrieked and shook in orgasm like an epileptic fit. It was just so damn satisfying. It had been timed perfectly right to her excitement, better than any man could do.
When Scotty was done breeding its bitch, she fell to her haunches in the shower. The white fluid splashed out of her all over. All over her dress, which she hadn't removed. She'd just pulled her panties to her knees, lifted the back of her dress, and climbed on. She'd been worried about the time. It was all over her sneakers. All over. So good. She didn't give a damn. All was right with the world.
A short time later, the four bathroom mates sat together in the back of the limousine. They were on their way to Sirius Cybernetics Corporation. Becky Ann confirmed, "Are you sure they'll give us all.. you know... one of them... just for talking? No strings attached?"
"I'm certain," Kelly lied. The lady had been super excited at the prospect of meeting all of them together. She'd make Kelly an honest woman. Kelly was sure of it.
(To be continued)