Highland Games (Part 4)
-----------
Friday, 25 September
-----------
"So is anyone else coming this evening?" Florence asked.
"I don't think Wicklow is. David says he's become a bit obsessed with chat rooms on the internet," Jo replied, draining her glass of white wine.
"Wicklow's obsessed with internet chat rooms?" Florence said, a little surprised. Although when she thought about it, he always struck her as a man with plenty of secrets.
They were sitting inside the public bar at the Fox and Hounds, in one of the corner booths. Florence was seated a padded wooden bench, her back to the wall. She'd come straight from the classroom and was wearing a sensible black skirt, and a quite low-cut powder blue blouse. She swirled the remainder of her wine around the glass while David waited to be served at the bar.
"How about Edward?" Jo asked.
"He told me he was coming, he should be here by now," Florence said, glancing at her slim gold watch.
"So have you spoken to him since Saturday?"
"I saw him yesterday," Florence said, leaning forward and lowering her voice a little so they couldn't be overheard. "I took him to one side and apologised. I just said, we had a little too much wine, and got a bit over-excited. He seemed to be okay with it."
"Did he say anything about me?"
"No... not particularly."
Jo frowned. "I've been trying to apologise to him all week, but he keeps avoiding me, I think he's quite angry."
"Well I did warn you," Florence said, glancing over towards the bar where David was still waiting.
"Okay, well, maybe I'll take him to one side and apologise when he turns up. Anyway, tell me about you and David, are you two a bit of an item now? Did he spend the night on Saturday?" Jo said, already knowing the answer, a grin spreading across her face and exposing her spotlessly white teeth.
"Maybe..." Florence said, a coy smile forming on her pink lips as she ran a finger around the rim of her wine glass.
"Come on, don't be such a tease! Tell me! I need to hear all the really sordid, disgusting details," Jo whispered.
"Well he might have stayed for a nightcap," she said, grinning.
"A nightcap? That's a new word for it!"
Florence just grinned.
"Come on, tell me! I hear he's great in bed, is that true. Is he a bit of an animal?" Jo continued, her cornflower eyes gleaming.
"Maybe," Florence repeated, smiling happily and nodding as her cheeks flushed bright red.
"Did you, you know...?" Jo said.
"What?"
"You know, did you experience the big 'O'?" Jo said, leaning a long way forward now, hoarsely whispering the last four words.
"Jo! You're terrible!" she whispered. She started giggling hysterically, her hand clamped over her mouth. Her eyes filled with tears as she held up three fingers.
"Three times!" Jo whispered, as her eyebrows nearly shot off the top of her head, her mouth forming a perfect 'O'. "What naughty, lucky girl you are!"
"Well, what are you two lovely young ladies talking about?" David said, as he placed two fresh glasses of pinot noir on the table.
"Nothing," Florence said, feeling her cheeks burn as she tried to suppress another fit of giggles.
"Nothing, eh?" David said.
"Oh look, here's Edward!" she exclaimed, grateful for the distraction.
Jo stood up as he approached them.
"Hi Edward," she said, brightly. "Can I have a word with you in private?"
--
As Edward followed Jo into the saloon bar on the other side of the pub, David slipped in beside Florence on the padded bench.
"What's up with those two?" he said.
"Oh, I'm not sure. Maybe Jo's upset him."
"Wouldn't surprise me, she's quite a tease. I'm surprised Edward puts up with it."
"Mmm," Florence replied, as if she hadn't noticed.
"So come on then, what were you two girls talking about?"
"Just girly stuff, you know."
"Girly stuff? Come on, it was about us, wasn't it? I could see you blushing from the bar."
"Well, she might have asked about Saturday night."
"So what did you tell her? Come on, tell me," he said, making her giggle by gently digging her in the ribs.
"Well, maybe I told her what an animal you were in bed," she said, feeling a little giddy. The wine seemed to have gone straight to her head. Was it the wine, or was it Jo's influence that was causing her feel so flirty and light-headed recently?
"Come on, stop fooling around," David complained.
"Maybe I told her how you were stark naked underneath your kilt," Florence whispered, her lips next to David's ear, her hand squeezing his thigh beneath the table.
"Really?" he said, feeling a little tingle of arousal as Florence's hand slid up over his leg.
"Or maybe I told her you were hung like a donkey," she whispered as she ran her fingers over the growing bulge in his jeans, noting the tightness of the denim.
"Come on, Florence, not here," he hissed, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. The bar wasn't very busy, just an old couple over by the window and a young man playing with his mobile, but he still couldn't believe how wicked she was being.
"What's the matter, don't you like it?" she said, flashing him an innocent smile as she felt his cock stir. "It feels like you're enjoying it."
"Come on, let's go back, and we can have an early night," he gasped, feeling her fingers trailing along the growing bulge.
"But I haven't finished my wine."
"Come on, don't be such a tease," he groaned, as he felt her fingers squeezing his cock through the taut denim.
"Maybe I like being a tease, maybe I should be more like Jo," she said.
"Maybe I should pull you over my knee and teach you a lesson, young lady," he said, a little breathlessly.
"Promises, promises," she muttered, smiling innocently as she continued to slowly stroke him.
--
After Edward had bought himself a pint, Jo led him to a table in the corner of the saloon, away from the other customers. She needed to have a serious chat with him and wanted a bit of privacy.
"Listen Edward, I need to have a word with you about Saturday night," she started to say as he sat opposite her, carefully placing his pint glass in the centre of a beer mat.
"Yes, Saturday night." he interrupted. "I saw you, you know."
"You saw me? What do you mean, 'saw me'?"
"I saw you with him, Alec," Edward said, grimacing as if his name tasted bitter on his lips.
"When? Where?" Jo replied, her mind racing, her palms suddenly damp.
"You know where. Behind the old boathouse, after the dancing."
"You can't have!" Jo snapped, her mind refusing to accept it.
"But I did. I saw you, you know, touching him. You know he's a married man right?"
"Come on, it was nothing. Look, I had a lot to drink; we just got a little carried away."
"I doubt if Mrs Sanders would say it was nothing. I imagine she'd be very angry if she somehow found out about you fooling around with her husband."
"Look, I know you're angry but I swear it was just a, you know, hand job," she whispered, leaning forward. "It never went any further, I swear."
"Well, I only have your word for that, don't I?" he said, sipping his bitter.
"Come on, Edward. You know I was a bit drunk that night. Please, you wouldn't really tell his wife, would you?"
Edward sat back in his chair, enjoying her discomfort. He'd spent all week thinking about this moment and he was determined to make her suffer a little. Of course, she was right, he would never actually tell Alec's wife, that was going too far, but he was enjoying watching her squirm too much to let her know that. He was finding that the old saying was right after all: revenge really was best served cold.
He stared across the table at her as he pretended to ponder her question. The sexy thing about Jo was that despite being such a bad girl she looked so innocent with her flawless, fair complexion, those large, pale blue eyes and that halo of honey-coloured hair.
This impression was emphasized by the clothes she was wearing this evening. She'd come straight from the leading the hockey training and was wearing a cool, mint green v-neck t-shirt with the school logo over the swell of her left breast, tucked into a short, pleated, forest green skirt.
"You remember that last time we were here together? Do you remember what you were doing?" he asked, slipping off his sandal and gently stroking her beneath the table.
"Yes, and I really ought to say sorry. I was just having a bit of fun, it's just the way I am. I don't realise how much I can upset people," Jo said soberly, as she felt Edward's foot sliding up and down her calves.
"You remember how much fun you had at my expense?" he insisted as he gently but firmly used his foot to try and ease her knees apart.
"Come on, Edward," Jo said, looking at him pleadingly as she resisted. "Why don't we go back to my room? I bet I can think of a way to make it up to you."
"Maybe later, but for now I'm quite enjoying myself here. Now let me have my fun before I go and find Florence and David, and tell them what you've been up to."
"He wouldn't really call Alec's wife, would he?" Jo wondered, as she reluctantly allowed him to prise her knees apart, her thighs tingling as he stroked them with his deft toes.
There was something different about his this evening. She'd always thought of him as a bit nerdy and passive, but as he sat across from her now, there was an intensity, a steely determination that she hadn't seen before. He looked different too: sitting up straight which emphasized his height rather than slouching as he normally did. She guessed he must be wearing his contact lenses too, and without his glasses he somehow seemed a bit better-looking and masculine, the concentration in his naked, hazel eyes pinning her to her seat.
Jo tried to look casual as she sipped her wine, but she felt increasingly warm and anxious as she felt his foot work its way up between her parted thighs.
A middle-aged couple wearing office clothes sat down in the other corner, and she expected him to stop, but he carried on as if he wasn't aware of them. They wouldn't be able to see anything from their angle, there were too many tables and chairs in the way, but she could feel herself blushing.
His surprisingly, patient gentle stroking was causing a delicious warmth to spread between her thighs, and she was both intrigued and impatient to see how far this new dominant Edward was going to take things.
"Come on Edward, enough games now, eh?" she whispered a little anxiously as she felt his toes start to caress her through her skimpy panties. Looking down, between her legs she could see the bulge of his foot through the pleated cotton, slowly bobbing up and down as he stroked her.
"But I thought you liked playing games" he said, grinning at her obvious discomfort.
"Edward, please" she hissed, sliding a hand between her legs and grasping his teasing foot.
"Hands on the table," he ordered.
Of course, she didn't have to obey him, but something about the steely, resolute way he said it compelled her to place her moist palms flat on the cool, polished surface.
"Open your legs wider," he said confidently, smiling as he felt her comply.
Jo sat quietly, hands on the table, legs shamefully wide apart as Edward continued to tease her, her panties increasingly damp as his agile toes slowly stroked up and down the thin cotton gusset of her knickers. She was trying to look a bit bored, trying to pretend that there wasn't a luscious warmth radiating out from her thighs but if this was a game, it was clear to her that she was losing.
"You love this, don't you?" he said, his voice dropping to a whisper. "Fooling around out in public, it turns you on, doesn't it?"
"Don't be ridiculous, I don't know what you mean," she said, fixing him with what she hoped was a look of disdain, although she had to admit there was some truth to what he was saying. She had to admit that some dark part of her subconscious had always fantasized about risky sex, something with a touch of danger to get her adrenaline running.
"Don't pretend you're not aroused," he said as if reading her mind. "I can feel how damp you are."
"Rubbish. When are you going to stop this ridiculous game?"
"Take your panties off," he said, a dangerous glint in his brown eyes that she hadn't seen before.
"What?"
"You heard me, take them off. I dare you."
"Don't be absurd. Not here."
He responded by taking a long sip of his beer, his eyes silently challenging her.
She took another sip of wine, and glanced casually around the room as she considered what to do next. It was still empty apart from the middle-aged couple, who looked like they were locked in a deep discussion about work.
"Surely he was joking!" she thought. But as his intense eyes locked with hers she knew he wasn't. She couldn't, could she? It was so naughty, so wrong! Anyone could walk in and see!
But even as these thoughts crossed her mind, she knew deep down she wanted to see what it felt like. If she didn't, it would feel like he'd won. If she didn't, she knew she'd always wonder what would have happened.
But how to do it? She pictured herself whipping them off quickly and throwing them across the table at him, turning that annoying grin into a look of surprise. No, surely it was better to take her time, making it clear she was in control of this situation and wouldn't be rushed.
She bit her lip as she glanced around nervously before kicking off her leather sandals. She flashed Edward what she hoped was a defiant look as she slipped her hands beneath her short skirt, then hooked her thumbs under the lacy waistband, feeling the elastic tension. Still looking around, she quickly lifted her hips and in one smooth movement slid them down to her knees, before resting her bottom back on the padded seat.
Jo's heart thumped, her mouth suddenly dry as she leant forward as eased her knickers down over her calves, raising first one leg then the other as she eased the little tangle of cotton over her bare feet.
"There," she said, smiling triumphantly as she balled them up in her fist, her chin still close to the surface as she stretched to hand them to him under the table.
"Over the table," he insisted, that annoying grin on his face again as he held out his hand, his slender fingers curling.
"Cheat," Jo hissed angrily as she squeezed them into a tight ball in her fist then handed them over, the little scrap of lavender cotton clinging to her damp palm. She'd hoped he'd quickly stuff them into his pocket, but felt herself blushing furiously as he carefully unfolded them, examining and fingering the thin cotton edged with a thin, white strip of lace.
He grinned, much too quick for her as she tried to snatch them back, and she was forced to watch as he sat back in his chair and raised them to his nose, as if he was exploring the delicate aroma of a glass of champagne.
From a distance, it would look as if he was using a lavender-coloured tissue, but she could feel her triumphant smile fading as he delicately sniffed at the fabric, the triumphant expression on his face making it clear he now knew just how aroused she was, as he briefly closed his eyes and savoured the feminine fragrance that lingered on the cotton.
"Well, well, it seems like you have been enjoying yourself, after all," he said, a wicked grin spreading across his face as he leant back in his seat and she felt one of his feet pushing against her knee, easing her legs even further apart whilst the other slid along her thigh and lightly stroked her warm, and now naked, flesh.
Jo turned and stared out of the window, unable to meet his victorious eyes, putting her hand over her mouth to stifle a soft sigh as she felt is toes caress her moist folds with surprising gentleness. Her mind was a complex swirl of emotions: shame and embarrassment at the predicament she found herself in, her legs wantonly spread, her skirt riding up over her hot naked thighs and exposed to any passerby who cared to look under the table. But also anger that he seemed to understand her so well, understood exactly what buttons to press. And underlying it all, a deep longing arousal as she felt his toes ease her knees apart and patiently massage her soft, swollen folds.
"Please, let's go back, please," she whispered as he stroked her patiently, her body responding, her nipples pressing against her bra, her hips moving restlessly as her bare pussy tingled. She glanced over to her left at the sign that pointed to the Ladies, and was tempted to stumble off to a cubicle and finger herself to a much-needed orgasm. In terms of his little game, would that be victory or defeat? With her blood deserting her brain and rushing to other parts of her body, she was having trouble thinking straight.
"Maybe afterwards," he said, smiling as his big toe circled her swollen lips.
"Please," she moaned urgently, squirming hotly as he pressed more firmly.
"What's the matter? It certainly feels like you're enjoying it," he chuckled, showing no sign of mercy.
"Edward, please," she heard herself beg.
"Maybe I should have you here, hmm? Bend you over this table, pull your skirt up and give you what you so obviously want," he said.
"Please, take me back, you can have me Edward, you can have me any way you like," she whispered urgently as she leant forward, a desperate look in her blue eyes.
"Well, perhaps it is time I took you home before you really embarrass yourself," he said suddenly, still grinning as he slipped his sandals on and got up. Jo took his hand, and he pulled her up onto unsteady legs.
As he opened the door for her, a cool breeze swept in and Jo felt another rush of excitement laced with danger as it swirled around her naked thighs and she tugged at her short skirt, suddenly aware just how wet she was. Outside, a group of labourers about to enter the pub, stood aside politely as she skipped through the door.
"Thanks," she said, as she tugged her little pleated skirt down over her legs, aware of them staring at her legs, knowing that if she hadn't had such quick reflexes they might have seen a lot more than they'd expected.
--
"Still teasing, Jo?" he groaned, as he shifted gear.
"What's the matter, don't you like it? I can stop if you want," she said, innocently. She was enjoying being back in control and getting her own back after his little 'game' at the pub.
They were halfway back to the school, his old hatchback rattling and rumbling as the sped down the rough country roads. He was driving much quicker than he normally would; ignoring the speed limit in his eagerness to get back to her room. Almost as soon as they were out of the pub car park, Jo had reached across and slid her slim hand into the pocket of his baggy blue shorts, caressing his semi-erect cock through the thin fabric of his pocket-lining.
"Christ," he gasped, struggling to keep his eyes on the road as he felt her slender fingers tormenting him, gently squeezing his lengthening shaft. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw her grin, displaying a neat row of even, white teeth as her deft finger unfastened the button on his shorts, and unzipped his flies.
Spying a small track leading off to the left, he twisted the steering wheel and soon the car was lurching down a bumpy farm track, just two wheel-sized grooves cut into the green turf.
"Where are we going?" Jo asked.
"You'll see," he said.
At the end of the track, there was a small, secluded car park where the ebbing sunlight was filtered through a thick ring of trees.
Thankfully, it was deserted and Edward brought the car skidding to a sudden stop in one corner.
"What are we doing?" Jo asked, although she already had a pretty good idea as they both fumbled with their seatbelts.
Edward didn't even bother to reply, as he twisted in his seat and leant over towards her, his lips suddenly pressed against hers, all the suppressed passion of the last hour suddenly spilling over. She squealed as she felt the seat back recline, and suddenly she was flat on her back as his hands tugged urgently at her clothes. She helped him tug her t-shirt up over her head, and she struggled to unfasten her lavender bra as he tugged her skirt up, revealing her gloriously naked thighs.
"Oh Edward, Edward," she moaned, as she felt his hungry lips kissing her neck and his hand sliding between her warm thighs and massaging her mound. As soon as her bra fell away, his lips were exploring the pale, tender skin of her boobs, kissing and licking her flesh as she squirmed happily in the car seat.
--
Major Farnsworth stopped at the top of the hill, and took off his camouflaged hat. He ran a hand through his neat, thinning grey hair as he drank from his water bottle. It had rained earlier, but now the sun had come out the path was drying out, its colour changing from dark to light brown as the atmosphere quickly became hot and steamy.
He'd spent most of his afternoon out here, following a trail that started at the reservoir and followed the bend of the river downhill, then cut inland, the path rising as it traced the boundary of St Catherine's school. Several of his friends down at the Eastbrook Bird-spotters Club had sworn that they'd seen a Yellowhammer here, which was something to boast about as it was quite rare in this area. He'd been hoping to catch a glimpse, and maybe even a picture but so far he'd had no luck.
Earlier, he thought he'd been able to hear its distinctive high-pitched staccato chattering, but as he'd moved closer it had seemed to drift further away, its voice echoing amongst distant trees, sometimes closer, sometimes further away, as if taunting him.
"Think it might be time to call it a day, Betsy," he said, looking down at his faithful black Labrador. She looked up at him briefly, wagging her whip-like tail before disappearing off into some bushes, her nose to the ground, no doubt following the trail of a rabbit or squirrel.
As he started back down the trial, he saw it; a little yellow jewel of a bird, lit by a shaft of sunlight as it perched on an elm tree not more than thirty yards in front of him. He held his breath, his heart thumping with excitement, as he slowly brought his camera up to his eyes. He'd invested in a new high-powered telephoto lens and he peered through the viewfinder with growing excitement at the saffron yellow breast, the streaky brown back, the forked tail. There was no doubt about it; it could only be a yellowhammer! Still holding his breath, he slowly walked forward a few steps, kneeling down as he adjusted the focus. He was just about to press the shutter-release when there was a loud noise, and suddenly he was focussed on an empty, gently swaying branch.
"Damn and blast!" he muttered angrily. Where had that bloody noise come from? It sounded like a car skidding to a stop off to his right, its tyres crunching on gravel. He pushed his way through the bushes, and found himself at the crest of a small hill overlooking a secluded car park. It was empty apart from a small, red hatchback in the far corner. He spotted some movement inside. Was there someone in the car? He brought his binoculars up to his eyes for a closer look.
The first thing he noticed was the dark green circular parking permit on the windscreen that read "S.C.S.G.".
"Saint Catherine's School for Girls" he muttered, and there was definitely someone moving about inside, but the sunshine glinting of the glass made it difficult to see exactly what was going on.
"Come on Betsy, let's see what they're playing at," he growled, as he set off, determined to get a little closer.
--
Jo was naked now, apart from her skirt, a twisted green band around her waist.
"God, that feels so good," she heard herself panting as he nipped and sucked at her instantly hard nipples, and his fingers traced the swollen outer folds of her pussy. She spread her legs as wide as she could in the cramped car, one foot on the dashboard, the other on the steering wheel as he expertly spread her swollen labia, and his fingers danced across the pink inner lips, spreading her juices along the length of her slit. Round and round his fingers swirled, massaging her sticky wet pussy as her hips undulated and she moaned happily. She threw her head back and howled as she felt his fingers gently probe the entrance to her sex, and his lips left a trail of hot kisses down over her stomach.
All that public foreplay at the pub had left her young body in desperate need of a satisfying conclusion and she squealed loudly, her back arching up off the seat, as she felt one of his slender fingers slipping inside her, gently exploring and stroking the tight entrance to her vagina.
"I wanted to do this to you at the pub, slide your skirt up over your legs, show everyone how naked you were, how horny," he said breathlessly as he slipped a finger between her juicy, clasping lips.
"Oh God, Edward," she gasped as she felt his lips caressing the hot skin of her thighs, his tongue circling her throbbing clitoris. Then he was flicking the very tip of his tongue over the little pink pearl and she almost fainted at the sudden intense sensations.
"Bet you would have liked that, huh? Me kneeling under the table, licking your lovely wet pussy while you sipped your wine, pretending nothing was going on," he said as he lapped at her hungrily.
"Yes, yes," she panted, closing her eyes and seeing herself back at the pub, biting her knuckle to stop herself crying out as he pleasured her. Her body was rolling from side to side, surrendering to the waves of pleasure washing over her, each one a little higher than the last. As he continued to tease her clit, she felt him slide a second finger inside, finger-fucking her with long, smooth strokes as she felt her body begin to tense, her muscles tightening as her orgasm approached.
"Don't stop! Don't stop!" she heard herself pleading as his fingers moved faster and faster, the tension inside her body building and building until she lost control.
"Yes! Yes!" she squealed happily as she came, a wave of pure bliss washing over her, leaving her breathless and spent.
--
She was still savouring the warm, post-orgasmic waves, her eyes shut, her mind elsewhere when she heard the car door open.
"Edward? Wait a minute, what are you doing?" she said as he pulled her out of his car and onto her feet, quickly manoeuvring her so that she was bent over the bonnet of his car.
She tried to straighten up, but he held her down with a firm hand in the centre of her back. It was clear that the time for games was over.
"What are you doing?" she repeated, although it was quite obvious as he flipped her short skirt up over her naked bottom and yanked his white boxer shorts down to his knees.
"Not here! Anyone could see!" she yelped, twisting around in time to watch his lengthy, angry-looking cock swinging between his thighs.
"But that's what turns you on, isn't it?" he growled, his lips next to her ear as she felt herself helplessly sandwiched between his warm body and the car's bonnet, his erection sliding between her thighs and along the length of her silky slit. She caught her breath as she felt the swollen head, press urgently against her entrance, a brief pause before her lips were eased apart and he was inside her.
"Yyyyeeesss," she agreed, her breath rushing out of her in one long sigh as she felt his lovely hard cock penetrating her from behind, slipping smoothly between her soaking pussy lips, deeper and deeper until his balls rested against her buttocks.
--
Major Farnsworth crouched, half-hidden behind a tree trunk on the ridge overlooking the car park, his dull brown jacket and camouflaged trousers making him blend into the background. He got quite a shock when he peered out from behind the bushes. Even with just the naked eye, he could clearly see the rather naughty young woman bent over the car as her boyfriend energetically fucked her from behind. (Well, he assumed he was her boyfriend, but who could be sure these days?)
"Good grief," he muttered. "He's certainly giving that young lady a jolly good seeing to."
He slowly brought the camera up to his eyes; his fingers shaking with excitement as he slowly rotated the stubby but powerful telephoto lens until the couple came into sharp focus. From this range, he could see every lewd detail: the young man's taut muscular buttocks rocking back and forth, his strong hands spanning the girl's slender waist. The girl herself was undeniably attractive, her swaying blonde hair catching the fading sunlight, her pert boobs undulating rhythmically between her arms, her long, slim legs spread as her boyfriend drove his prick between her smooth, pale buttocks.
He felt his cock lengthening, pressing urgently against his trousers as he watched the young couple thoroughly enjoying their al fresco coupling. He was tempted to join in, to unzip his trousers and stroke his growing erection but decided to wait, delaying his pleasure until he was safely back at home, reclining in his comfy leather chair and reviewing the pictures on his large, high-resolution monitor.
As he clicked the shutter release, he was reminded of the incident several months back when he encountered that young woman stripping naked down near the river. He looked at those pictures regularly, reliving the same sense of voyeuristic excitement each time. She was from St Catherine's too: he was beginning to get quite a collection of their staff and pupils.
He took picture after picture, already looking anticipating reliving the moment back at his house later: the young blonde, eyes squeezed shut, bent at right angles over the car, moaning audibly as her virile young friend began to move faster. Then zooming in, getting a close up where their bodies were joined, the young man's buttocks straining, his hot skin glistening as he picked up the pace.
--
Jo was stretched helplessly across the car's bonnet, feeling the warmth of the engine through its hard metallic surface. She threw her head back and groaned loudly as she felt Edward's inflamed cock pounding her from behind, hard and relentless, like a piston inside a well-oiled cylinder.
Edward pressed Jo further over the bonnet loving the way her pussy snugly gripped his cock, as if it were designed for his shaft. He watched her slick lips cling to his fat cock as he slowly eased himself out as if reluctant to let him go. He'd been fantasizing about this moment since the first time he met her. He remembered that time he stood ogling her pert bottom, his arms hanging helplessly at his sides, as she searched for those hiking maps in her car. Looking back, he was sure that she was teasing him, even then, and the thought caused him to thrust a little harder, enjoying the helpless little yelps that it caused.
He'd wanted to take his time, savour the many delights of her firm, young body wriggling beneath him but he just couldn't stop himself moving faster and faster, her animal cries of lust driving him on, as he felt the pressure build in his aching prick.
They'd started slowly and quietly, looking anxiously around them, aware that any second a car could come rolling up the trail. But as his lust grew, and his heart thumped against his chest, he couldn't help himself, fucking her harder and harder, his swollen balls slapping against her buttocks, his desperate cries getting louder as he felt himself nearing the very pinnacle of his hot desire.
"That's it, fuck me, please fuck me," Jo was panting, her pussy squeezing his hardness, a fine sheen of sweat coating their bodies as he strained towards his climax.
Her feverish cries pushed him over the edge, and with a final flurry of sharp staccato strokes he was there, throwing his head back and howling at the sky as he came, his cock pulsing as it exploded deep inside her.
They lay across the car for what felt like several minutes, their spent bodies savouring the lovely post-orgasmic glow as their breathing slowly returned to normal.
As they slowly straightened and began to collect their clothes, they didn't notice the shadowy figure above them slipping quietly away, back amongst the dense forest.
--
"So, I think you've got something of mine," Jo reminded him as his car rolled down the gravel drive back at the school.
Edward smiled as he slid his hand into his pocket and fingered the tangled scrap of lavender cotton.
"I thought I'd keep them as a souvenir," he grinned.
--
"You know we were talking about spanking the other night? I was wondering if you'd like me to show you what to do. You know, just in case you ever need to punish one of your students."
They were standing outside her room as Florence fished around inside her handbag.
"Oh, I don't know," Florence said, as she finally found her keys and opened the door. "I suppose I am curious, but I'm not sure I'd ever use it myself."
"Come on, just so you know what it's like," he said encouragingly. "It'll only take a minute."
"I don't know David. Can't we just, you know, fool around a bit?" she said, closing the door behind them.
"Plenty of time for that, just let me give you a quick demonstration," he said breezily as he sat on the bed, and held a hand out to her.
"So you want to demonstrate on me? Oh!" she squealed as he tugged her wrist and in one smooth, well-practised movement drew her across his lap. Florence found herself in quite an undignified position, balanced across his thighs, her hands flat against the rough wooden floorboards, her bottom in the air as her hair tumbled around her face like a red velvet curtain, restricting her view to David's worn leather shoes.
"So you want to have your legs spread like this, so your victim is balanced across your knees," David said breezily as he shifted her into position and ran a hand over her back.
"Perhaps this isn't such a great idea, can you let me up please?" Florence said nervously, uncomfortable at finding herself in such a vulnerable position and trying to get back to her feet.
"Nonsense, just a quick demonstration then I'll let you go," he said, as she felt his arm across her shoulders, gently but firmly pushing her back down, her toes just scraping the floor, her boobs threatening to spill out of her low cut blouse.
"Really, David, I'm not sure...oh!" she yelped as she felt his hand connect smartly with her bottom, her body jolting at the shock.
"There! You see how easy it is?" she heard him say.
"Yes, well, this is all very interesting but if you could just let me up... ow!" Florence yelped as he spanked her again.
"Of course, to make it more authentic we need for you to have been naughty in some way..." he mused, as he ran his hand over her bottom."Oh, I know, let's talk about what you were up to in the pub, hmm? Do you remember what you were doing?"
"Listen, I was just having a bit of fun... ow! David!" she exclaimed, as she felt his hand connect once more, a little harder this time.
"A bit of fun, eh? Well then, you won't mind me having a bit of fun now, will you?" he asked rhetorically as he ran a hand over her derrière, smoothing her plain black skirt over her increasingly warm skin. Ignoring her protests, he began to spank her steadily, his firm hand making a distinctive fleshy slapping sound as he warmed her buttocks.
The fantasy of spanking was one thing, but the real thing actually stung a little, and the hard, steely edge in his voice suggested things might get worse. A lot worse. She was beginning to regret getting carried away in the pub.
"Come on, David, that's enough, eh? Ouch! What if I say I'm sorry?" Florence said, struggling to keep her voice even. The awkward position and the spanking were combining to make her feel breathless.
"Go on then," he said, pausing as his fingers toying with the hem of her skirt.
"I'm sorry, okay?"
"Sorry for what?" he said, as he eased the hem up a couple of inches, his warm fingers stroking the inside of her thigh thoughtfully.
"Sorry I was, you know, fooling around under the table. Now please let me go," Florence said, as she awkwardly reached behind and tried to tug her skirt back down, desperately trying to reclaim some of her dignity.
"You mean, sorry you were teasing me by stroking my cock?" he said, twisting her hand behind her back, making her feel even more helpless. She squealed, her body jerking as his hand connected again, quite hard this time.
"Ow! Please! Yes, yes, I'm sorry," Florence mewed, still trying to twist free, her legs kicking.
"Say it then," he insisted as he slid her skirt up over her bottom, pausing to admire the pleasingly plump roundness of her buttocks. He ran his hand over the pale blue panties that were stretched tightly over buttocks, and squeezed one of the soft rounded globes.
"I'm sorry I was teasing you by stroking your cock," Florence said, in a small voice.
"Louder!" he insisted as he slapped her again, harder this time, her fleshy buttocks rippling.
"Ow! I'm sorry I was teasing you by stroking your cock," Florence gasped, her humiliation complete.
"Very good, Florence," he said, his voice condescending as if he was addressing an errant schoolgirl. "I will let you go soon but I do think as a new teacher here you might benefit from knowing how this feels. You did seem keen to find out about this, when we were driving back from the pub last week."
"No! Ow! Please!" she gasped as she felt his rough hand stinging her buttocks, this time without the protection of her skirt, the black material now neatly folded in the small of her back.
"Yes, you seemed very curious. What was it you were saying? What if I've been a bad girl and really need to be taught a lesson? Hmm? Perhaps I should show you," he said as he spanked her hard twice, once on each buttock.
"Ow! Stop!" she squealed, kicking her legs helplessly as he spanked her again and again, but she couldn't help enjoying the delicious friction as her pussy rubbed against the lean, hard muscle of his leg. She could feel her buttocks tingling warmly now and could imagine the smooth skin blushing hot pink. But there was another sort of tingling too, an all-too-familiar feeling spreading from between her thighs. It got worse when she felt him ease his fingers between her legs and slowly stroke her swollen folds through the clinging cotton.
"What else was it you said? Would I have to take my knickers off too?" he said, mocking her by impersonating her gentle Scottish accent, his finger making her quiver as he explored the moist contours.
"Stop, please," she panted, a confusing mix of pain, embarrassment and arousal clouding her mind. Had he known how turned on she was that night? Was it that obvious? It was certainly obvious how aroused she was now, she thought, as he used the pads of his fingers to slowly caress her pussy through the increasingly damp cotton.
"Of course, it's not a proper spanking if you're still wearing your panties, you want to know how a proper spanking feels, don't you, hmm?" he growled, his lips suddenly next to her ear as she felt him tugging her knickers over her flared hips.
"No, please!" she gasped breathlessly, reaching behind, her fingers clutching at the waistband.
"You're only making it worse for yourself," he grunted as he swatted her hand away impatiently and pulled the blue cotton down to her knees, her naked, tender buttocks exposed to his rough hands.
"No! Please!" she gasped as he forced her legs apart, her knickers a tight band stretched between her knees, the embarrassingly wet purse of her sex peeking out from between her plump, reddened buttocks. She yelped as he lightly slapped the very centre of her wetness, causing her to squirm uncontrollably with the heady mixture of pleasure and pain.
"All that talk of spanking had made you hot, hadn't it?" he said, his hand slapping her sore buttocks once more.
"Ow!" she yelped.
"It made you hot, didn't it?" he repeated, his hand slapping her again, much harder.
"Ow! Yes!" Florence confessed.
"Good girl," he said, rewarding her by stroking the centre of her wetness. She moaned urgently as she felt his fingers exploring her wet folds, spreading her creamy juices along the full length of her slit as she spread her legs and rocked against the hard muscle of his thighs. "I bet you touched yourself later in bed, didn't you? Hmm?"
"Please, please," Florence was panting now as one of his searching fingers slid up over her puffy folds and gently teased her pulsing, achingly sensitive clit.
"Yes, I'd love to watch you touching yourself," he chuckled, as he spread her swollen folds and ran a fingertip up and down her silky slit.
"Don't stop, please don't stop," she heard herself begging as his tormenting fingers stroked her molten centre.
"Yes, I'd love to watch you frigging yourself, making yourself come for me," he chuckled, as his wet fingertip circled her swollen nub making her breath catch in her throat, her muscles tensing as the pressure deep inside her grew and grew.
"Yes, yes, don't stop," she was pleading as he eased a thick thumb inside her clasping lips, and his wet fingers flicked over her clit, her body so close now, so close. When she closed her eyes, she pictured herself, writhing naked on her bed, the smell of her sex thick in the air, pleasuring herself with sticky fingers whilst he reclined in an armchair fully dressed, his eyes glittering darkly as he watched from the shadows. A thin smile playing around his lips as she pleasured herself for him, stroking herself to climax after delicious climax. It was that image that pushed her over the edge, her body squirming and contorting wildly as her orgasm hit hard, and the delicious waves of hot pleasure radiated out from her pussy as she sobbed happily.
--
"Are you okay? I didn't hit you too hard, did I? It's just that I've been dying to spank that gorgeous bottom of yours since I met you," David said as he helped her to her feet, then onto the bed beside him.
"Gosh, no, that was, well, it was terrific," Florence said, sweeping her tangled red hair from her face, and wiping the tears from her eyes.
"You know you were rather naughty at the pub earlier, so it just seemed like too good an opportunity to miss," he said, almost apologetically.
Florence reached out and slid her hand along his chin, looking into the cool depths of his grey eyes. Whilst he'd been spanking her it had felt like he was possessed, his character firmer, stricter. A dominant man who took what he wanted. Now it was over, he seemed back to his normal, polite self. Which seemed a bit of a shame; Florence had liked his evil twin!
"No, you're quite right, I was a little flirty earlier. A naughty girl, I suppose. Perhaps I needed someone to teach me a lesson," she said, her cheeks flushing pink. She couldn't resist, glancing down at his trousers and noting the firm bulge there.
David smiled, as she ran a cool hand up over his denim thighs and along the hard ridge that had formed.
"Looks like you're as aroused as you were in the pub earlier," she said, a playful smile forming on her moist lips.
"Yes, you'd better do something about that, unless you want another spanking," he gasped as she squeezed him.
"Please no, not another spanking. I'll do anything," she said in mock horror.
"Well, you'd best get on your knees, girl, and finish what you started," he grinned.
"Oh Sir, it feels so big," she said, grinning as she slid smoothly to the floor, the wooden floorboards hard against her knees.
"Get on with it girl, you'd better leave me satisfied," he said sternly as he watched her deft fingers unfasten his belt, and unzip his flies.
"Yes Sir," she said, smiling happily as she extracted his very hard, very thick cock from his flies and started to stroke him.