MonicaCh. 1
By: Crawl2
My wife Monica and I decided to spend the day using our new swimming pool. Our yard is small, so when you step off the back patio, you're in the pool. Monica lays out topless. It's nothing new, she did that before we got the pool. I usually manage to find a little shade while we talk and drink a little.
Talking with Monica comes easy, with one exception, spelling out a few of my sexual desires. It's sometimes a line that's difficult to cross. I'm not sure how she will take some things. However, over the past few months it's been easier and today I intended to tell her something I was afraid would shock her. I was tired of holding back.
Monica is a beautiful five-foot tall 105 lbs. athletic young lady, We've been married five years and are both just under thirty.
Around noon we sat near the pool. She was topless with a tiny string bikini bottom that tied on each side. For a woman her size she has large and perfectly shaped tits. She's a 34 C with nipples that stand up almost all the time and look like large pencil erasers. She is somewhat of an exhibitionist, probably because she knows her tits, and body for that matter, are perfect. We have fun with it. She rarely shows anything to people we know, so most of our fun is out of town or with people we wouldn't run into again. Her flashing also appears to be accidental.
Our back yard is private except we have a neighbor on one side. It would be completely private if I bothered to replace the worn, wooden fence. We play a few games from time to time. I'll tell her our middle-aged neighbor is watching her suntan nude from behind his fence. On a couple of occasions, he was. It's something she enjoys because she never knows for sure if I'm telling her the truth or simply playing with a story.
A month ago, I got into the story about him sitting in a lawn chair drinking a beer while watching her through the fence. That day she was completely nude. Her feet always face his yard. As I explained to her exactly where he sat watching her, I began rubbing lotion on her. She really got into the story that day, which became apparent when I began feeling her pussy. She was soaked. She wasn't convinced Bill actually sat behind the fence while watching her, but the story excited her.
Because she was sure Bill was not in his backyard, she did as I asked her to do. She opened her legs wide and began playing with her pussy. In no time her fingers were buried in her pussy and working at a rather rapid pace. She put one of her nipples in her mouth and began sucking it. The reality is that because of the shadows near the fence, I knew he was back there. Getting her to play with herself while less than fifteen feet away from where he sat excited the hell out of me.
After thirty minutes or so Monica went inside to grab us something to drink. About that time, I heard Bill's car leave. When Monica came back out, I told her I wanted to show her something. She wrapped up in a towel and I led her to the neighbor's back gate. When I opened the gate and she saw the lawn chair sitting exactly where I had described it and saw six empty beer cans sitting on a small table next to the chair, she almost died.
She said, "Oh my god! I thought it was just one of your fantasy stories. He saw me fingering myself to a climax while sitting fifteen feet from me."
"Yes, he did."
"I'll never be able to face him again."
I laughed. "It will be our little secret. He doesn't know that you know he saw you, but you know he watched. That puts you at an advantage."
Today is a different type of situation. As we sat near the pool I said, "I invited Patrick over today to check out our pool. I don't know if he plans to come or not."
"When were you going to tell me this? After he caught me topless back here?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact. I'd kind of hoped you would be completely nude when he gets here."
At first, she didn't appear to take it too well and then I began explaining that it's not like he hasn't seen every part of you before. She didn't agree, so I reminded her of a few situations.
"Just last year when we went to the lake with him you wore your tiny green bikini with the little triangle pieces covering your nipples. They slipped off to the side while we were talking and playing grab ass in the water. Your tits were completely exposed for at least ten minutes. You finally noticed and covered up. I didn't say anything because I thought you did it on purpose. Besides, it excited the hell out of me, Pat and probably you if you were honest about it."
"At the beginning of last summer, you wore your little yellow bikini that became transparent when it got wet. Pat took pictures of us and your little landing strip and your slit showed clearly in the pictures."
"You thought I did both of those on purpose?" She questioned. "He's never seen my bare pussy."
"Not true." I said laughing. "Remember the stars and stripes bikini. The one you ordered on-line and found out when you received it that the bottom was too loose? You sat directly in front of both of us Indian style with your legs open while having lunch. Your entire pussy was on display the whole time we ate lunch. Pat certainly remembers because he's actually mentioned it to me since then. I didn't say anything because I was sure you knew you were on display."
"I didn't do that on purpose. I was holding a plate of food and couldn't see down there until I finished my lunch." She responded. "Why did you think I did that on purpose?"
"Because later in the evening in the same bikini you sat on the park tabletop with your feet on the seat directly in front of both of us. The loose-fitting bottom slipped to one side and one whole side of your pussy was on display for several minutes. You had to know that."
Monica laughed. "I did know I was showing you guys one side of my pussy. I just didn't know the thin material had worked its way between my labia. I realized just how much showed when I got a chance to look down without you guys knowing it. That was very exciting for me as well."
"Since you didn't adjust it, I assumed it was on purpose. We all three enjoyed it. That brings us to today. It would be exciting if you lay out completely nude today. It's exciting for me when he watches you, especially when I know you're doing it on purpose. He doesn't know I told you he may come by. It can appear that you were innocently caught sun tanning. I think it will excite you as well."
Monica smiled. "I'll go topless and act as if I didn't know he was coming by. But I'm going to wear my tiniest bikini bottoms, just so I feel somewhat covered."
"That sounds like a workable deal. I'm going to put your top in the house so you can't change your mind when he shows up."
We had barely finished the conversation when Pat came through the patio door. In reality, I had briefed him on the plan.
He acted surprised to see her topless and simply said, "Nice!" Then he said, "Hi Mark. Sorry I didn't see you there"
Monica acted embarrassed to be caught topless and made a half ass attempt to cover her tits with her arms. I told her that Pat had already seen her topless, so she may as well get it over with and display those nice tits and relax. She smiled, stuck them out, and shook them from side to side for both of us to see. "Are you happy boys?"
After thirty minutes or so of sitting around bullshitting everyone was comfortable with the situation. She had long sense quit attempting to cover herself. She stood, said she was going to the restroom and that she would grab us some fresh drinks.
When she stood, I called her over between me and Pat. I grabbed the string tie on one side and Pat grabbed the other. In one instant we had completely removed the bikini bottom. She acted a little surprised and pouted as she held her hand out for Pat to hand it to her. He simply told her that it would be here when she returned.
I discussed a further plan just to see how far Monica would go. The plan would only be valid if she didn't put her top on while in the house and got comfortable when he refused to give her back her bottoms. After that I told him to go inside and help her with the drinks and to take his time.
As I watched briefly from the side window, I saw them speaking to each other while preparing the drinks. Monica appeared comfortable while totally nude in front of him. She made no attempt to cover up. She stood in front of him as if she were dressed. Her bikini top lay on the bar a couple of feet away from where they mixed drinks, but she never reached for it.
They brought the drinks out and everyone returned to where they previously sat. Monica never mentioned her bikini bottoms that Pat had hidden in his seat.
Almost on cue from our conversation before Monica went inside, Pat held the suntan lotion and said, "You better put a little lotion on those magnificent tits before they burn."
Monica said, "That's probably a good idea and reached for the bottle Pat held."
Pat laughed. "Oh no you don't. It was my idea, so I get to do the honors."
Without waiting for any response, Pat stood, filled his hand with lotion, stepped to her and began applying the lotion. Monica looked at me with a surprised, what do I do now look, and I simply smiled at her. Pat took his time rubbing lotion on each tit and rolling her nipples between his fingers. It's something that always sends her over the edge.
Pat commented. "It smells like coconut."
"It taste like coconut as well." I responded. "And it has no harmful additives."
Monica looked at me with an almost scared look. Again, I just smiled at her.
Pat took her nipple into his mouth and sucked on it for quite a while. Monica just closed her eyes and leaned back in the chair. I got up and began sucking on her other nipple. She opened her eyes, smiled, and closed them again.
When I backed off a little, I noticed she had slightly opened her legs, so I said, "We don't want her stomach and thighs to burn either do we?"
Pat put more lotion into his hands and began rubbing it into her stomach working his way down to her little landing strip at the top of her pussy. He then added a little more lotion, held the top of her thigh, and began rubbing the lotion in. She didn't immediately open her legs anymore, but as he worked the inside of her thigh and touched near her pussy, she did open up a little more. He moved to the end of her lounger while continuing to massage her thigh. He lifted her left leg up which opened her up quite a bit and continued. When he finished the left leg, he simply left it laying open and reached for the other leg.
Monica's eyes were now closed again. I moved back to her tits and took her nipple back into my mouth. Pat placed her foot near the end of the lounger at the far side and then moved her other foot to match it leaving her wide open. Still she didn't open her eyes. He then folded down the bottom portion of the lounger so he could move in a little closer and looked up at me as if asking for permission. After I made sure Monica's eyes were still closed, I looked at him and made the motion with my tongue. That was all he needed.
He opened her pussy with his thumbs and began licking her and darting his tongue in and out. He put his mouth over her protruding clit and began to suck. Monica could no longer stay still. I whispered into her ear. Let him give you a climax. She didn't open her eyes, but she did smile.
With the excitement of the day and what was happening to her then it didn't take her long to climax. She did to him what she does to me. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled him in closer until she couldn't stand it anymore, then pushed him back.
I'd already had the conversation with Pat that he couldn't fuck her because she was trying to get pregnant. That wasn't the actual reason. I wanted to have fun, but that's a line I wasn't ready to cross.
Monica sat up and grabbed his dick through his bathing suit, but that didn't last long. She soon began pulling his suit down and began licking him like there was no tomorrow. She gives the best blowjob I've ever had, so I just sat there watching. She played with his balls with one hand and jacked his cock with the other. Pat's about average size, but maybe a little bigger around than most. I watched Monica take him all the way down her throat and then she got a rhythm taking him all the way to the head and then back down to the base. Pat, like Monica and me had been aroused all day and I knew he wouldn't last long.
Pat stated, "I'm going to cum. Do you want me to pull out?"
Monica said, "Don't you dare pull out. I want you to cum in my mouth."
With that she continued taking him all the way down her throat while looking him directly in the eyes. In the next thirty seconds, he came like a wild man. She didn't stop sucking him until he finally had to push her away.
At that point I had all I could stand as an observer. I picked Monica up, sat in her place and she rode me in reverse cowgirl position while Pat watched our show. As much as I'd like to say we fucked for the net thirty minutes, that would be total bullshit. I actually lasted about five minutes, which is longer than I thought I would.
When I finished, I scooted back in the lounger and wrapped my arms around her. Pat slid up closer and began paying with her pussy again. She sat wide open for him and put her feet back up on the lounger. Then he went down on her again. It's something I've never been able to do after we've had sex. It certainly didn't bother Pat. I got up and moved to the end of the lounger to get a better view. Pat laid her back on the lounger and I could see my cum running out of her pussy and down her ass. He simply licked it up and buried his tongue back into her. She was going wild. He wiped some of my cum on his finger and began to lube her ass. That's something else she doesn't like for me to do. This case was different.
After he lubed his finger, he buried it into her ass, and she began bucking. I watched as he pulled his finger out, buried his thumb into her ass and worked two fingers into her pussy. She came almost immediately.
All this fun and we hadn't even made it into the pool yet.
We each got a drink refill and headed into the pool. Monica was on fire. Pat and I sandwiched her between us and played with her tits and pussy. When I reached down between her legs, I found that Pat's fingers were already in her, so I added one more. She whispered into my ear. "Do you mind if I give Pat another blowjob?"
"Of course not," I responded. "Give him as many as you and he can handle.
She had him sit on the edge of the pool and started his next blowjob. He lasted much longer this time, but eventually came down her throat. Just before he came, she pulled him out a little, opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue so he could watch himself cum into her mouth. That's something she knows I enjoy, and she may have done that for my benefit as well.