I should have known the revenge would be thorough, but I never expected anything like this.
I suppose you're going to be curious now what the revenge was for to deserve such a treatment. It's complicated, OK? I'm not proud of how I acted. I had some growing up to do. I probably deserved something. But she exceeded all expectations and then some.
Jessie and I were both freshman at a well-known engineering university. I hope it doesn't sound like bragging to say that everyone at this school was crazy smart, but Jessie was in a league of her own. She was one of those students where you wondered why she was going a school and not just teaching the classes. She was always humble and approachable though, and let's just say I pretty much fell in love with her right away.
My approach to getting her to love me back though, in retrospect, left quite a bit to be desired. The last time I saw her, before we parted she had told me, softly, so that only I could hear, that she would teach me a lesson. That it could happen at any time. And that I would never forget it. I hadn't been so obtuse as to ignore a subtle hint like that, and gave up on the idea of Jessie and me.
It early Monday morning and I was still asleep in my dorm room. I'd all but forgotten the events of a few weeks prior. I sleep in just my underwear, and as it was a warm night I was using just a thin top sheet as covering. My roommate was staying over at his girlfriend's as he normally does on Sunday nights.
I first knew there was something wrong when I suddenly felt a heavy weight pushing me down into the bed. I startled awake and attempted to sit upright but quickly discovered that my hands were already tightly bound behind me. As I opened my eyes I found I was blindfolded.
In my shock and anger, I started to shout but what came out was more of an incomprehensible gurgle as there was something in my mouth. I screamed louder but as I did so the gag got tighter and was something was forced deeper into my throat. I was able to make one final strangled gagging/coughing sound before I found I was unable to make any sound at all.
All this required just a few seconds and now the adrenaline was coursing through every artery. In deciding what the appropriate reaction to the situation might be, my brain stem bypassed whatever logic I might attempt to impose and settled on "flight." I kicked my legs out violently to get some purchase but now discovered that they, too were already bound tightly together. As I struggled, my knees were slowly ratcheted in toward my chest. My ankles were similarly ratcheted toward my butt. Soon I was in a tight ball, and could not move either my arms or legs more than a centimeter in any direction.
My terrified, panicked breathing fortunately was not interrupted.
Hopelessly bound, blind, and gagged. I had never felt more helpless in my life. What the hell was happening? No explanation was forthcoming however and I found myself rolled unceremoniously off the bed and I fell a few feet to the floor. I heard the sound of a zipper as what must have been a duffel bag or suitcase or something was closed around me. I could hear my rapid breathing, my heartbeat pounding in my ears, and the sound of suitcase wheels rolling on the floor of the dorm hallway.
The wheeling sound continued for several minutes as I slowly managed to come down from my adrenaline high. I had some time with only my own thoughts to think through the situation and try to imagine why anyone would be doing this to me. My parents aren't rich. My net worth was deeply negative after signing on the dotted line for those student loans. None of this made any sense.
Finally the motion stopped and I was tipped out the bag and onto a cold smooth surface. Polished concrete. Where the hell was I now? There was no way I was very far from my dorm room.
I once again attempted to struggle but found it just as futile as before. I heard the clicking of a metal clip onto the band around each of my wrists, and then onto my ankles. I could not imagine why any further restraint could be required, but I soon heard the sound of a motor whirring. There was a pull on those clips and I found myself being pulled around until I was lying on my stomach on the floor with my arms and ankles pulled up behind me.
There was a sort of metallic pinging sound and suddenly my ankles were loosened from my butt and I was able to straighten my legs slightly. After another few seconds and another pinging sound released my knees. I at last stretched out my legs. Before any thoughts of escape managed to fully form I found the slack was taken out of the line connected to my ankles and my legs stretched out straight behind me, with my arms still bound behind me as my chest and face were pressed into the cold concrete.
One more pinging sound and my wrists were released as well. I instinctively pulled them around to push off the ground to get my face off the concrete but as I did so once again I found the slack in the lines on my wrists removed and my wrists pulled away from me. Now my legs were stretched behind me, while my arms were pulled out ahead of me and apart in a Y shape. My whole body arched downward and my crotch and hips were now holding most of my weight against the concrete.
The position was pretty strenuous and I was starting to notice my shoulders were stretched tight and starting to become a bit painful. At this point I felt a finger grab the waistband of my boxer shorts and pull it away from my skin. I tried to twist away but with my muscles already so stretched my efforts were pretty pathetic. I could feel steel against my butt and I heard the sound of scissors slice through one side of the boxers, and then the other. My underwear was pulled away from underneath me and I felt my cock pressing against the floor.
A belt was now buckled around my waist. Another clip was connected to the belt and I soon felt my waist pull up off the ground. At the same time, my arms and legs continued to tighten and I was now suspended completely, face down a few inches from that floor. I could feel the air moving around my dangling cock and balls and suddenly felt very, very naked.
Another belt was attached around my chest and similarly pulled up. I now felt huge relief in my arms and shoulders and I found myself strangely grateful for this small improvement. I heard one last pinging sound and my ankles were now separated, but you're probably not surprised to hear at this point that this simply allowed them to be pulled tighter and away from each other until I was in a spread eagle position. Another two belts were attached to each of my thighs, and two more cables started pulling them apart to display me even more lewdly. My asshole, cock and balls all were totally exposed.
This all happened so quickly and so smoothly that this procedure must all have been very carefully choreographed. At no point from the slightest hint of wakefulness until now did I have the smallest hope of escape. Every action of mine so far has served only to cause me to fall further into captivity and brought me to where I now was. Wherever that was.
I now felt a cold, wet sensation on my ass as something was squirted onto me. A pair of gloved hands started to spread this all over my back, chest, butt, legs, cock and balls until I was totally covered in the slick oil. More was squirted between my asscheeks and I felt a finger rubbing it around my asshole and starting to probe inside it.
It might sound strange, but even as my underwear was cut away I had never really felt this as a sexual situation, but the sensation of this oil rubbing all over me was actually very pleasurable and by this time I was very erect. Hey I was still a perfectly healthy 18 year old after all. I gasped slightly as the finger finally penetrated my asshole and reached inside to press on my prostate.
Now, as much as I'd like to pretend I was a very sexually experienced kid, let's just say that this feeling was something of a revelation to me. The closest I'd come to something like this was in hentai comics and kinky stories on the internet. My asshole started to clench involuntarily around the finger as I attempted to thrust my hips. But just as quickly as it had entered, the finger was withdrawn.
Moments later something else was pressed into my asshole that was just a bit bigger than the finger. It was semi-soft like silicone, and came to rest inside pressing once again against my prostate. My ass pulled it in eagerly.
Before I could really process was happening, the plan continued. Those hands grabbed my cock and after a few long slow strokes down its completely erect length, I felt a silicone harness of some kind slipped over it. A tight ring was stretched out and released around the base my cock and balls, while another one slipped around the base of my cock above my balls, another in the middle and finally a sort of cap around the whole head. The hands were now withdrawn for the last time.
A bit of time now passed. I could hear footsteps around me. I thought I heard typing for a bit on a keyboard. Then an electric drill tightening several screws. Finally, I heard the sound of an electric motor and I felt myself moving upward. And upward. Higher. Higher. It kept going until I could not tell how long it went. Where the hell was this? I was about to finally find out.
The winch stopped. I heard footsteps below me, and the sound of tools being stowed. Bags being zipped up. And finally those footsteps receded into the distance. I heard the sound of a push bar on a door, and then the sound of that door slowly closing and finally latching shut. Now, only silence. My cock had shriveled to its smallest size as the fear returned. I tried to stifle my own breathing.
Suddenly I heard a pop and my blindfold was yanked off my head. I blinked in surprise but now my dimly-lit surroundings came into view.
I was totally enclosed in a transparent case. Long rods held up what looked like a pane of thick glass about a foot away below me and extended up behind me where I could not see. The sides of the case were attached to those rods with threaded clamps and nuts. I looked down at myself and could finally see the padded leather straps holding me up. I couldn't help but notice that the oil totally covering my skin looked sort of amazing, giving me way more definition. The case was covered by some white linen cloth on the other side so I could not see through it.
The light inside was coming from a tablet computer in the corner of the case in front of me. I recognized it as the same kind we'd used in our school's electronics labs. Wires ran from the tablet up along one of the rods and back up behind me. It took a few seconds before my eyes were able to adjust to the point where I could see what was on the screen.
It looked like an wide-angle aerial view of something. I made out large round tables and chairs. I finally recognized where it was. Where I was. It was the dining hall. I was suspended close to the ceiling, maybe 25 feet from the ground. In one corner of the display there was readout that showed the number 0. In another corner was a single word: "Waiting."
Maybe I'm a little slow, but it took me a bit of time to really understand what was about to happen. That this was early Monday morning. We were in the dining hall. And that soon, hundreds of students were going to walk through those doors and see me suspended above them, totally naked, spread out, oiled and lubed, gagged, with my ass plugged and some crazy harness around my cock. Finally, as the nature of the humiliation which was about to befall me became more clear, my mind drifted at last to a few weeks before. About how I'd acted. To Jessie.
I was going to be much worse than I realized.
It wasn't long before I heard the door opening again, and the sound of two women chatting with each other. It was the first of the dining hall workers. I soon saw them enter the view on my screen. As soon as they did so, I saw a thin green rectangle superimposed on each of their images on the screen. The number zero now changed into a 2. The word "Waiting" was unchanged.
I tried to shout and shake around much as I could, but hardly any sound came out and the two women didn't notice. They started their preparations for the morning meal. Then finally one of them looked up and looked right toward me. Or at least toward the camera.
She immediately looked away and continued with her work. Of course, I thought to myself as I realized. There's always big white banners on the ceiling of the dining hall. There's probably nothing out of the ordinary to see. I could do nothing but await my fate.
More workers arrived. Trays of food were brought out and placed into the buffet lines. Chairs were rearranged. As the workers came and went, the display tracked each of them, always covering each with a green rectangle and the in the corner showing a count of how may were in view. The number never went above 7. The word "Waiting" never changed.
My heart started pounding again when the first students arrived. They scanned their student badges and lined up for food. My friend Rich arrived and got in line. He was always an early bird.
More and more green rectangles appeared. The number moved higher. 15. 25. 30. 50.
There was a series of 4 quick loud pops. The linen banner that was concealing me loosened and fell to the floor. I no longer needed the screen to see what was happening below me as I could see everyone below me looking up to see what the sound was. At the same time, the walls of my case lit up somehow and brightly illuminated me. The word on the screen changed to "Phase 1."
Suddenly I felt the plug in my ass begin to vibrate.
All the kids in the dining hall started laughing and pointing at me. Most of them pulled out their phones and started to take pictures.
Even as this happened, I was trying to recover from my shock at the sudden sensation in my ass. I realized a second later that I had my eyes closed and my head pulled back. Obvious pleasure on my face. Shit.
The kids below had certainly noticed. I heard a girl's voice saying, "it's some kind of sex thing!" as my cock quickly grew of its own accord. I looked around the room as even more students shuffled in. The number now read 60.
I found my friend Rich in the crown and implored him with my eyes to help me. He looked at me and seemed like he understood. He jogged out of view.
The word was spreading fast and all the students who had been in line came over to see me. The number changed to 75. "Phase 2" it now read.
The plug started vibrating more strongly. But now the harness around my cock was also vibrating. The sensation felt amazing and I felt myself forgetting for a moment all the people around me and paying attention to it.
Dimly I noticed more and more phones being held up. Rich came back carrying a ladder. He set it up only to realize it wasn't close to tall enough to reach me. I saw him look at me again but I was feeling a wave of pleasure and I could see a look of disgust come over his face.
"Why would you do this?" he shouted to me as I shook my head. Tears started to form in my eyes.
Another student heard and said, "He did this himself?"
Another answered and seemingly within seconds it had become common knowledge that I'd done this to myself. As I started to gain more control of my senses, I looked around myself again. The tablet from the electronics labs. The transparent case material was polycarbonate sheets of the type available in the machine shop. The leather belts and cuffs looked just like the leather from the school's maker spaces.
I was shaking my head more violently, more tears coming from my eyes and splashing on the panel below me. I wanted to scream, "No! Help me!" but my gag had effectively silenced me.
Finally, I could see some professors and deans enter the hall at a run and began to assess the situation. As they appeared, green rectangles covered their figures on the screen. The display now read 100.
"Phase 3."
The vibrators in my ass and on my cock kicked into high gear. I once again tensed up totally, arching my back and my head as once more the pleasure came over me. There was no way to resist this and after 30 seconds I finally had an explosive orgasm. Pulse after pulse sprayed with great force past the cock rings and splattered against the transparent panels. I don't think I've ever cummed as much before or since, and it seemed like a bucketful of semen was now pooling just a few inches below me. I now noticed that the panel of the case was not completely flat but had a low spot right below my face, where all the semen was now collecting
The vibrations continued. My cock was so sensitive at this point I would have done anything to get away from that sensation but of course it was useless. As this happened my attention again moved back to the ever-increasing crowd below me. The display climbed to 178 before the administrators started to shoo the crowd out of the dining hall and the number started to go down. I felt another orgasm build and again my mind went away as a few more pathetic spurts of semen were ejected from my cock.
The number fell to 160. And finally, after what seemed like forever, the vibrators all stopped. The display now read "Finishing."
A school maintenance worker finally brought in a much taller ladder and set it up beside me. He climbed up and while avoiding looking at me started to examine the case.
"The bolts are all on the inside!" he shouted down. He finally looked at me and caught my gaze. "How did you do this?"
I shook my head again as the tears again returned.
"How do I get you out?"
Again, all I could do is shake my head.
The hall was emptying out. The display now read 89, and the tablet computer beeped loudly several times. The electric motors started up and I found me and the whole case slowly lowering to the ground. The worker practically sprinted off his ladder and out of the way.
When at last I reached the ground, I felt all my restraints loosened and I was lowered face first into the huge pool of my own semen. I pulled my head back as much as I could but there was no escaping it as it covered my nose, eyes and hair.
Finally the cables loosened further and I was able to reach over and simply unhook my wrists from their clips. I reached around and released each of the other clips. Once I had done so, I realized that the top of the case was now loose and I started to push up the lid. The administrators gathered around me took over and lifted it up and out of the way.
I looked up at the ring of people, staring down with looks of horror. I reached around my head and fumbled with the buckles on my gag, finally managing to get it loose. I could no longer stifle sobs as I finally pulled it out and could now at last make a sound. I tried to wipe the semen off my face with my hands. Someone threw me a large towel and I started to wrap myself with it.
I could see the face of Professor Johnson, who had been introduced to us at Freshman orientation. Dean of Students.
"Let's get you cleaned up and dressed. Then I suggest we talk in my office."
*************************
I got off pretty light, all things considered.
At first, I insisted that Jessie had done this to me. "You saw her?" they had asked.
"Well, no, but..."
It soon became clear in our conversations that aside from a conversation that supposedly only I had heard, there was no evidence whatsoever to support the accusation. Further, after checking mail room records, it was soon noticed that a package from a purveyor of very fancy adult equipment had arrived addressed to me in the mail room. Everything else had been made from equipment and materials easily available to any student.
It was soon suggested to me, perhaps not so gently, that I would be far better off not making baseless accusations. In exchange for admitting that I'd done it to myself, I could be allowed to remain a student, and nothing would be reported to the police. I would be on a very strict probation. My roommate was allowed to move out of our room. But I was not expelled. They even gave me back "my" gag, butt plug, and cock harness.
The stuff that had been made from school materials was confiscated of course, and the tablet computer and electronics returned to the lab. The ordeal was really over at last and I could start to rebuild my life.
Over the following days and weeks, my thoughts of course frequently wandered to that Monday morning as I saw in my mind all those students around me. In my classes, the frequent whispering and pointing would always bring me back. Other kids would send me pictures and videos of the event on Snapchat. I would find myself flushing red and occasionally I would have to blink back tears.
But even as I was doing so, I also felt my pants tightening, as I also remembered that incredible explosive orgasm. Soon, I found that whenever I masturbated, the picture in my mind was me in that case. Surrounded by those leering, shocked faces and all those phones recording me. I started wearing my gag and using the butt plug to enhance the experience. It was getting hard to think about anything else.
About three months later I returned to my dorm room after my last Friday afternoon class. I started to head to my desk but then noticed something in the corner of the room. It was a huge duffel bag, almost empty.
It seemed like my heart stopped for a second and I looked desperately around the room, but there was nobody there. I looked more closely at the duffel. Inside were leather wrist and ankle cuffs, a number of long straps, a dark hood, and several padlocks. A sheet of paper showed a diagram of a naked man, along with a set of numbered instructions. At the end of the process, that naked man would be tightly bound into a ball using all the equipment, zipped up inside that duffel bag, gagged, with a butt plug and cock harness installed, and all the keys to the padlocks outside the duffel in a separate pouch.
I stared at those instructions and at the duffel. Finally I noticed at the bottom of the sheet, it showed that same day's date, and a time. 2am. I quickly shoved the whole thing into my closet. Then I covered it with a blanket and my dirty laundry hamper.
The rest of the day I attempted to forget about it. Was this the final revenge? Get me to lock myself in that duffel and just die over the weekend? After my recent experience, there was no doubt in my mind it would be ruled an accidental death attributed to elaborate masturbatory ritualistic depravity.
As I went to dinner that evening, and again endured the stares, my pants again tightened, and I again felt my heart quickening as my thoughts were pulled inevitably to that bag hidden in my closet. I returned that evening to my room. I showered and shaved. Then I decided for some reason to shave my public hair also.
I found myself hours later following those instructions. The final steps after zipping myself inside was to start low vibrations in the butt plug and cock ring, then to snap shut the final padlock pulling my arms tightly behind me.
I turned on the vibrations, and then struggled a bit with the final padlock. Finally it was ready. The point of no return.
I snapped the lock shut.