The door to the male bathrooms was in the process of closing behind him when the feminine hand met it, halting its movement. He turned where he stood, fly half-way down as he stood in front of a urinal, momentarily surprised by the sudden, rushed appearance. He had little more time to react, however, as the woman--for she was a woman--stepped quickly inside, herself fumbling with the belt around her plain, professional pair of grey pants. She seemed intent on him, her eyes looking only at him, which in itself was almost as unusual as a woman entering the male toilets--typically, interaction, andespeciallyeye contact, were avoided in bathrooms as much as possible.
'Please.' she said, a mewling plead tinging her speech as she put one hand on his chest, guiding him not to the urinals, but towards the cubicles opposite them. 'Ineedthis. I- I can't wait- need to- too horny-' She spoke in breathy, unfinished sentences, as though her thoughts were coming too quickly for her to speak each fully.
'Huh?' He said, confused and surprised as he backed into the stall ahead of her, the woman walking strangely as she continued to reach for her crotch. 'I don't... what are you...'
But the coworker didn't seem to have a response available. Instead, she just pushed him into the small toilet cubicle and kicked the door closed behind her, quickly and fumblingly latching it with the hand that had been on his chest, before returning it to the aid of her first at her own body. Before he had much more time to think or act, her trousers had fallen around her ankles, revealing a pair of lacey red panties with, he was surprised to see, very little modesty to them indeed. They were lacy and thin and did little to hide the body parts beneath them from view, even through the fabric.
Steven wasn't anything special, even in his own words. At five ten, he was your average man. True to his job title as a member of the IT team, he was nerdy, with thick glasses and an unruly shock of wavy black-brown hair. He wasn't overweight, but his width was not due to muscle, either.
The woman before him was slender and petite. She was about a half-head shorter than he was, thin-waisted and button-cute. She had classic second-generation Asian looks; soft, lightly tanned skin, a tall smile and bright eyes enhanced by glasses. She also, at that exact moment in time, had one hand unlooping the belt from Steven's waist.
'Hey, w-wait, I-' Steven stammered, completely caught off guard by the shameless approach. The girl just shook her head as her hands expertly released the belt, freeing the waistline of his pants from his body.
'Sshhhh.' was all she said, shaking her head cutely from side to side, steadfastly looking down at what she was doing. He could see her downturned eyes through her glasses, watched the way her mouth moved as she focussed on what she was doing. Beneath it, just between the edge of her body and his stomach, he could make out the bright red patch that was the apex of her panties. Panties that were far too thin to hide the womanhood underneath... Despite himself, he felt his member shifting as the situation finally began to reach its intended audience. A second later, he felt her touch, sudden and intense above his manhood as she took his fly in her fingertips, drawing it down. Her knuckle scraped the tip of his cock, and he shivered slightly, the feeling making his muscles jump as if she had thrown a punch. His heart thundered in his chest. As his trousers fell from his waist, he saw one of her hands curl across her mound and could only imagine what it was doing beneath the curve of her navel, just out of his line of sight.Jesus Christ,he thought as he watched what was unfolding before him, realising what was about to happen.Oh my fucking god.
'Too horny,' the woman said softly, her button-cute face turning up to look pleadingly at him as she twisted her hand into his underwear, her fingertips meeting his hardening cock and not so much as flinching as the two met. 'Need.'
Frowning but frozen in place through shock and surprise, Steven could only stand there as the girl from - what, was she in accounts? HR? He thought he might have seen her somewhere on the accounts team - slipped his cock from his underwear in one smooth motion, her hand and arm lifting it through and over the waistband. He hardened quickly in her grasp, her touch confident and unrelenting, electrifying him into an instantaneous heat, his body having not had enough time yet to get into the swing of arousal, and solely reacting to this shocking stimulus. It would probably only have taken her a few movements for him to- for it to- right there in her hand-
But she released him now that he was free of his underwear and stepped back, giving Steven the chance to breathe and regather himself. Huffing, he looked at the woman, blinking.
'Hey, I- I don't, uh, know your name, but I- look-' he stammered. Seemingly not hearing him, his voice petered out as she bent over before him, watching her face come to within inches of his throbbing length as she slipped her panties from around her hips. He swallowed heavily as he saw the red fabric appear atop the pants that were already around her ankles, well aware of what would be bearing itself to the cubicle door at that moment. He opened his mouth to speak again, and at that moment the bathroom door banged as another man walked inside.
Steven froze. She didn't. Approaching him, Steven could do nothing but bend over the toilet seat as she stepped over his legs, her now bare pussy clearly visible in the gap between her soft-looking thighs, as he tried to slide himself quietly down onto the toilet seat, certain that the unusual sounds would alert this other man to their activities. He stared wide-eyed at the slit between her legs as it sidled closer, knowing what would happen but unable to speak to stop it as she neared his body.
The man pissed. The urinal flushed. The sink ran with water, and there was a wet sound as he washed his hands. The pussy above his cock descended as she lowered herself, straddling him, her hands going around his neck to rest her arms on his shoulders. He felt the cool touch of her wet entrance meeting his tip, felt his cock pressing into her opening, starting to part her tight pussy around it as she slipped herself down atop him raw, without guidance or foreplay or even the helpful stretch of her fingers to open her up-
The door opened, then banged shut as the unaware man left the room. Steven's gasp came just in--or out--of time as the cute little accounts girl bottomed quickly out on his length, slipping herself along his cock with the power of a woman who did not skip leg day. Pleasure burned his insides, his balls tingled, his cock thundered with stimulation as the hot little cunt sucked him inside, feeling as if it were suctioned tight around him. He could feel every part of her, feel every bit of his cock in contact with her impossibly soft walls, cool and yet warm, wet and yet dry, hard yet so very soft. She pulsated gently, her pussy echoing her heartbeat in a way that hecould feel,as if her very body were beating for this moment, putting its all into the part of her that interacted with him. It made her soft walls gently tighten and pull at him, like microscopic muscles heaving in unison, desiring more of him inside her, tighter to her shape. He grunted, feeling ejaculation simmering quickly up even as her still body stimulated him through pure, unadulterated ecstasy.
Then, she began to fuck him. It didn't take her long to start up the perfect rhythm, settling into a measured pump, her body slipping along his as she lifted herself up and down his length. He felt her warm breath sigh through her nose as she pleasured herself on him, baulked as her breasts rubbed against his chest, the woman doing nothing to pull them away from him as they moved gently against his chin and face, feeling the shape of her cleavage parting around his bewildered head. It was all he could do to sit there in stunned silence, his forgotten hands eventually closing around her waist as she worked him like an expert, gently rocking her hips back and forth in a circular rotation so that each thrust also worked him along both her edges. He screamed internally, felt every micro-millimetre of her impossibly perfect little pussy as it clung to his pole, splitting around him and holding on tight. It was overpowering, intense, and so, so incredible--and he didn't even know her fucking name.
He didn't know she needed his orgasm to feel one of her own. There wasn't much he could have done to cum any faster; the only thing that stopped him from squirting his load against her panties earlier was the speed and shock with which she took him. Now, as she fucked him with the tenderness and stamina of a porn star, it only took that same shock to subside momentarily for his arousal to take full control inside his mind. Gasping, the reality of her sex hammering home as perfectly as his cock in her pussy, he clenched her soft little body in his hands and groaned as his balls tightened. Her next upward motion stimulated his helmet as her tight entrance slipped against its thickened edge, and as she descended again, his ejaculation began with prejudice. Steven could only grip her hips for all he was worth and try not to pop as his orgasm went off like a mini-nuke inside him. For a moment, he whited out, seeing stars as his cum pumped unstoppably into the tight little space at the uppermost edge of the straddling woman's body.
He felt her quaking in his hands as he passed through the peak, his ejaculation pulsing inside her. Stumbling mentally through the intense encounter, Steven could only hold on and watch in awe as she tightened even more atop him, her whole body tensing up as an orgasm of her own finally escaped her. Her thighs clenched the toilet seat beneath him, her pussy siphoned his cock deeper still, her arms wrapped around his head and he got a face full of her cleavage as she clung onto him, silently bucking as release filled them both. Steven found himself wishing this moment would never, ever end, this wordless, mindless shared bliss that transcended sex or companionship. Here, no one had to explain anything, no one could interrupt or argue - there was only utter, overpowering pleasure, and her warm, sweet-smelling body close to his own. He felt safe, felt good, felt peaceful in her embrace, in this moment of shared, perfect, ecstatic euphoria.
When she sat back atop him, bottoming out on his cock as she too fell into the aftershocks of her orgasm, she just stared into his eyes, holding herself a few inches from his face, her breasts rising and falling as she panted gently. She didn't move, didn't rush to leave - she just sat there, spread wide around him, pussy full of his slowly softening meat and every bit as soft and warm and perfect as it had felt prior to their shared orgasms, basking in the afterglow of their copulation.
'Thank you.' She eventually breathed softly; her warm breath so intimate as she twitched around his half-hard cock. Desperate for her to stay yet knowing she could not, he watched and felt as she lifted herself from his penis, his used member falling limp and cold between his legs as the heavenly body withdrew from him. He yearned for it back, wanted to beg her not to leave, but he could only sit there on the toilet, watching the half-naked woman slowly bend to lift her racy little panties back into place, seeing the very lips he had moments ago split wide open through the see-through material as she settled them atop her waist. A few seconds later, her pants rose as well, and he watched her hands as they set her belt back into place. Then, smiling and blinking her big, puppy eyes through her round glasses at him, she turned, unlocked the stall, and left the bathroom without looking back. He saw the edge of her backside sway as it walked away before it was snatched from sight by the closing bathroom door.
Steven had just enough presence to lock the cubicle behind her, lest someone else walk in and see him exposed here. Then, he lost himself in revelry, nervous shakes working their way out of his body as he stared down at the soft cock that had moments ago pumped a load of his cum deep into the hot little woman's depths. His mind was as wordless and blasted as his body.
'Ayyy,' Mike shouted as Steven timidly opened the IT door, grimacing as the worst became apparent;she had talked. 'My little slaya, how'd you like it?'
'What?' Steven said weakly.
'Oh fuck off,' Roy said from behind his ultrawide, 'don't play dumb. How was she?' he leaned out. 'Usually someone grabs her pretty quickly, but it looks like no one else felt the need today.'
'Oh, isn't Jason work-from-home today? That might explain it, he's head over cock for that one.' Mike said, pointing at Roy. Roy nodded, making an "Ooh, yeah!" sound with his throat, his eyebrows going up.
'I--wait, what?' Steven said, starting his next excuse-riddled retort before Roy's words had fully hit home.
'Listen, Stevey,' Mike said, hooking one leg over the other and grabbing his can to sip from as he spoke. 'It's about time Roy and I told you something.' He gestured to Steven's chair, and he sat, painfully aware of the wad of toilet paper he had stuffed into his pants to soak up any remaining excretions.
'A few years back, Roy and I installed some benign malware on the computers here.'
'Weak stuff, mostly keyloggers and webcam snappers.' Roy chipped in. 'It was more to test the security than anything else... That and, you know, maybe nab a few video game logins or snap some nose-pick shots.'
'Yeah, well,' Mike sipped, 'about a year ago we realised there was a huge market for add-on code for that malware. Think about it like a container program - your software runs an engine, you put what you want in that engine.'
'You know, like how most programs work.' Roy added helpfully. Mike gave him a look.
'Yeah, well we started grabbing code blocks online, and then we realised some of these could do way more than we imagined.'
'Like,wayyyyymore,' Roy helped.
'So, we tried some stuff out. And one of those programs...' Mike trailed off.
'Is a subliminal suggestion program. Some freak online hypnotist over in Poland wrote it I think,' Roy said around a mouthful of his lunch. 'Or maybe Bolivia.'
'And that software,' Mike continued, 'just so happens to hypnotise all the women in this building to get aroused throughout their workday, and need sex with a man to get them off.' Mike spread his arms as if completing a magic trick. 'Becomes irresistible, all they can think about after a few hours. Tada, free sex for everyone.'
Roy nodded, pointing. 'I had Felicity last week,' he mumbled. 'She's theshit,dude.' He mimed grabbing a pair of breasts, then lowered one hand, mimicking a fingering motion. 'The fucken trifecta. Ah!' He clicked the fingers that had, moments before, been buried inside ghost-Felicity's body. 'It was Moldova.'
It took Steven a while to come to terms with the knowledge that the other IT team members had put hypnosis malware on the computers, but given the day he had had so far, he surprised himself with how readily he came to terms with the news. He could only assume that they had not told him about it until they knew he was trust-worthy, and, evidently, Felicity - for Roy had used her name earlier - needing to use him to get off counted as earning that trust. He had only been here a few months, after all, and he couldn't think of anyone else ever doing that in the toilets in his time.
But then, as he thought it through, he realised hedidremember a few odd moments - mostly a hushed sound or shuffling noise in a cubicle or a suspiciously closed door elsewhere in the office. With a jolt, he realised nearlyallthe colleagues around him in his office were having sex on a day-to-day basis. And, part of him couldn't help but beupsethe had only just found out about it.
'Relax, by the way,' Roy said as Steven stared at his server console, lost in thought, 'it's blocked from our computers, and none of the men are programmed to need it, only to be receptive to it. Makes HR reports a lot less problematic, and generally means less clean up - or, rather, stains.' He grinned. 'Unlessit's Felicity you're thinking about, in which case, there's literally all the time in the world bro - but I call dibs on her tomorrow!'
'Hey youliterallyjust said you had her last week, fuck off,' Mike said, turning from his screen. 'I haven't had Felicity since last month. Fair's fair.'
'Bitch who found the weirdo hypno malware?' Roy rebutted.
'You don't own it, moron.' Mike said.
Steven just blinked as the pair argued good-naturedly.
And as they did, a smile crept onto his face. Perhaps it was because he could still feel the ghost of Felicity's body clinging so intimately to his own. Perhaps it was because he had just felt a strange sense of companionship to his fellow IT members. Fuck; maybe there really was hypno-malware on his computer, too, making sure he was a pliant worker who'd do as the others said, and fuck all the women when they approached him.
But then, if doing what they said involved more sex like he'd just had with Felicity...
... Well, that could hardly be that bad, then. Could it?
END
Inspired by the cutie at the office.