Last night I spent 40 minutes telling my husband John, every detail of what happened on Friday. I am always afraid that he is going to think that I went too far or that he has changed his mind about me having sex with his buddies and thinks that I have turned into a complete slut and divorces me.
Based on his reaction, at least for now, that is the farthest thing from the truth. He wants to know every excruciating detail, everything that I felt, every nasty element of my sexual promiscuity. It makes him extremely horny and he shows me via Skype what it does to him, and I show him what retelling the stories does to me.
Still, it isn't the same. Sex is just sex and I love it but I'm in love with John and there is no substitute for making love to the man I love. That is special, just between us.
After yesterday, I am more than a little sore but an extra hour of lying in bed this morning helps tremendously. For the first time in a week I didn't wake up with my fingers shoved in my pussy masturbating to a fantasy of me being taken by more and more men.
Sipping my coffee, back in bed, trying to catch up on Facebook, I can't help but think about the cart-girl, Analyse, from yesterday. She recently graduated from college and is living with her parents until she starts her new job in Houston. She is so adorable and at 22, just a very mature and very ....... I don't know, maybe she just has a very sexual aura about her. I know she pours it on for the golfers as she drives around the course selling her drinks and snacks in her tight little shorts and low-cut tops. I know she flirts to bring in the extra tips and she probably sends a lot of golfers back onto the course with visions of co-eds dancing in their heads.
I guess that's what she did to me as well. Maybe I will call her and see if she wants to get together for lunch. I better get out of bed, and her out of my head, before my fingers start to wander. If that happens, I will never get anything done today.
Ok, I admit it, I can't stop thinking about it. I keep telling myself that it isn't sexual, I just admire her youth and well, sometimes I wish I could go back to that time in my life. It was so exciting. I can't help but think about what I would do different if I could go back to being 22, knowing everything that I know now. I can't help but think that my life might be very different.
I'm not complaining about my life at all. I have a wonderful husband that I love very much, and a great life. I just think that I wasted so much time on stupid things like insecurity about my body and all the misconceptions about what girls are supposed to do and not supposed to do. I feel like I wasted a lot of years trying to be somebody I'm not.
I don't have Analyses' number so I call her parents. Her mother is such a sweet lady, now in her late 50's and married to a very nice man, a retired attorney that helped my husband with the legal aspects of setting up his business, and a member at our country club. Analyses' mother and I chat for a while and I tell her that I saw Analyse on the course yesterday and wanted to see if she had time for lunch.
When Analyse comes on the phone she sounds excited to hear from me. She is planning to go to the mall to shop for clothes for her new job and we agree to go together. I am going to buy something new for myself as well to wear when I go out with my girlfriends tomorrow night. I tell her that I will pick her up at noon and we can go to lunch from there.
I take my time with my hair and makeup. Nothing heavy, just that girl-next-door look as John calls it. Looking through my closet I realize I need to start pulling more of my spring and summer clothes to the front and move my winter things to the back.
I find a cute little yellow and white print sun-dress that should be just right for the 78-degree weather predicted for today and a delicate yellow lace thong that almost matches the yellow of my dress perfectly.
The dress is a halter style that shows lots of cleavage and has a strap that ties around my neck and crisscross ties going all the way down the back to my waist. If I wear a bra, the strap will show. The halter style gives me enough support but also a heck of a lot of cleavage and even some side boob, but I decide to go with it anyway. A necklace with a key that hangs down well into my cleavage that my husband bought me from Tiffany's, a matching silver bracelet and now all I need are shoes.
Most of my sandals are in boxes for the winter so it takes me a while to find the strappy white 3" heels I am looking for. If I am going to buy a dress for tomorrow night, I want to make sure it looks good with heels.
I check my toes to make sure they look good. Surprisingly there are no chips of the coral color polish I picked almost a week ago, on my toes or my fingers. I got some sun on my legs yesterday golfing but my feet could use some sun. Fortunately, the thicker strap around my ankles somewhat hides the obvious tan line between my feet and ankles.
I grab a little white sweater in case it is still a little chilly, a little touch-up on the lips and I am out the door. I might be a few minutes early but it will give me a chance to catch up with Analyses' mother.
As I pull into their driveway, I can't help but notice how manicured their lawn and shrubs are. I make a mental note to ask our lawn service to add trimming the shrubs and cleaning up the planting beds to their normal mowing duties. I take a quick check in the mirror before going in and notice that my out-of-control nipples are once again out of control. The cooler temperatures have put them on high alert and they are definitely poking through the thin material of my dress. I slip the sweater over my shoulders and pull it across my chest before going in.
Analyses' mother answers the door and she invites me in. Their home is beautiful and the eclectic decorations that she and her husband collected and brought back from all over the world are arranged as neatly and carefully as their landscaping. While waiting for Analyse, we talk about John's trip and how much I missed him. She is a wonderful lady.
Analyse almost came running down the stairs, dressed in a cute skirt and a tight t-shirt with a deep V-neck. Her auburn hair is pulled back from her face and held in a headband. She seems very excited to see me.
Almost before I can say hello, she asks, "Do you think I should wear higher heels or these lower ones to try on suits. I'm thinking nothing higher than 2 or 3 inches but I'm not sure; what do you think?"
I giggle at how excited she is and tell her to wear her lower heels but to bring the higher ones to try on with the suits. Without saying another word, she runs back up the stairs to get her heels.
Her mother says that she hadn't seen Analyse this excited in a long time. "As soon as you called, she got so excited that I thought she was going to explode."
"I'm excited for her. I remember my first job out of college and how excited I was."
"It's not just that, she couldn't stop talking about you yesterday when she came home. Something about you teaching some poor boys at the club a lesson on the golf course."
"Well, I didn't exactly teach them a lesson, but I did win $100 from them and I showed them that I can play just about as well as they can. Not only that, I made them pay for my drinks and made sure they gave your daughter a nice big tip."
She smiles and says, "I don't know how she does it but she comes home with her pockets stuffed with money every time she goes out there."
"Well, she is very sweet and people just love her. I think her parents must have raised her just right."
"Thank you for that. I am going to go make myself some lunch. You two go have some fun and, thank you for going with her. I know she really appreciates it."
"You are very welcome."
"Just try to keep her Daddy's credit card from catching on fire from too much use!" She laughs.
Analyse comes flying back down the stairs, this time carrying a much bigger bag which I assume she changed out so she could carry her extra pair of shoes. We hop in my car and start for the mall.
She is still very excited and talks almost non-stop as we drive to the mall. We talk about her job, where she is going to live, who she knows in Houston and just go on and on about everything.
We pull into the parking garage at the mall near the restaurant we agreed on. This mall has several nice restaurants and we picked Kona Grill to have a nice salad. I order a glass of wine and Analyse does as well. She gulps hers down quickly and orders a second glass. I am going to take it easy knowing that I will be driving us home later.
I bring up the one subject I had deferred from asking in the car, as we sit and she finishes her salad and the second glass of wine. "So, do you have a boyfriend?"
"I have several." She says with a little smirk.
"Do tell!"
"Ok, well, I had a steady boyfriend at the start of my senior year but my course load was so heavy and his was as well and we just kind of went in different directions. He came home with me to meet my parents over Thanksgiving but it kinda got weird and we just broke up a little before Christmas. It was mutual. He is going back to Chicago to work with his father and now with me going to Houston, I don't think it would have worked anyway."
"Do you miss him?"
She started to giggle. "Some things I do."
"Oh really. What does that mean?"
"I might need another glass of wine before I talk about that." And before I could say anything else, she gulps down the remains of her second glass and signals our waiter for a third. I think I might need another one too so I indicate that I want one as well.
When the waiter comes back with our drinks, I tell him he can bring us the check. As he departs,
Analyse looks at me and says, "Did you see him looking at you?"
"No, what do you mean?"
"I mean, he is my age and he barely looked at me. He was checking you out big time."
"No, it was just because I was doing the talking."
"And the pointing!"
I look down and just say "Oh." My nipples are poking right through the thin material of my dress. I left my sweater in the car because it was so warm but the restaurant AC was blowing cold air right as us from the vent in the ceiling and my nipples were reacting in their usual way.
"I have no control over these things. It doesn't seem to matter what I wear. My husband says they could poke through steel. I don't even notice most of the time anymore."
"Then men do though. Those guys you were golfing with couldn't take their eyes off of them!"
"I'll tell you a secret, that was part of my plan to distract them so I could beat them."
We both burst out laughing.
Analyse says, "I noticed them too. They are distracting. I wish mine were like yours. Yours are so big and full and firm and they look deli..., I mean you are just so sexy."
She caught herself but I heard it. She was about to describe my tits as delicious. I can't help but smile and say, "Well, thank you, but I would love to have your figure. You are absolutely beautiful and I'm sure you turn lots of boy's heads. And probably some girls too. And, I can tell you for sure that those old men I was playing with were checking out your sexy little ass every time you bent over or turned away."
"They weren't that old. I thought those guys were pretty hot, even the older one. I was kind of jealous of you getting to play with them. I like guys that are older, more mature. College guys can be such idiots."
She is half-way through her 3rd glass of wine when we get back to talking about her boyfriends. She tells me that for the last few months, she had gone out with a number of guys, even a professor that she had her junior year.
"Really? One of your professors? Isn't that against the rules?"
She looked at me like a teenage daughter looks at her mother.
"Oh shit, I think I just sounded like my mother."
We both start laughing.
"We only went out a few times but he was a lot of fun." She said with a sly smile.
"I see. Any by fun you mean?"
"Okay, he was pretty good in bed. Is that what you wanted to know."
"Hey, you're an adult. I have nothing against sex. In fact, I'm a big fan!"
When I say that I start to laugh and end up snorting, almost blowing wine out of my nose. Now we are both pretty giddy, a symptom of the wine and just having a good time.
"So, now that I know you're not a virgin...."
Now it's her turn to snort and she says, "God, no! I crossed that bridge in high school, but to your point, I did enough experimenting in college to have gotten a good education. I'll just say that when it comes to sex, I am a fan too."
We clink our glasses in a toast. "Now let's get out of here and do some shopping."
We go right to Nordstrom and start going through suits for her. We amass enough options to warrant a trip to the dressing room and I follow her in, the sales girl following behind us, her arms filled with clothes.
Analyse goes into the dressing room and starts trying on the various pieces. I am standing just outside acting as the relay for the sales girl to get different sizes or colors if necessary. Analyse opens up the door occasionally to get my opinion and I see the clothes she wore piled neatly in the corner of the dressing room. At one point Analyse is struggling with a tag from a jacket that is caught on her blouse. I step in to help her.
I start to step outside and Analyse stops me and says, "Just stay in here so I don't have to keep coming out."
The dressing room was plenty large so there was no reason not to stay inside. I also wanted to stay inside and check out Analyses' cute little body. That damn wine is making me horny.
Once she removes the jacket and blouse she places them on the keep pile. She is facing away from me and when she slides the matching pencil skirt down over her cute little ass, I see that she is wearing a thong and her bare ass is just inches away from me. I can feel myself involuntarily licking my lips. I also wonder if she was doing that slowly and seductively for my benefit or was it just my imagination.
Standing there now in just her thong and bra, she turns to me and I am immediately drawn to her pink nipples which are clearly visible through her sheer bra. They are hard and look like little pencil erasers poking through her bra. It isn't cold in the dressing room and I have a feeling that they got that way because I am in here with her.
She reaches up and cups them in her hands and gives them a little squeeze; I'm sure it's for my benefit. "I just wish they were a little bigger," she says.
Still staring at her boobs, I tell her, "I think they are perfect."
"Do you want to touch them?" she asks.
I look up at her face and before I answer she says, "I told you I did some experimenting in college but it wasn't all with boys."
I can feel my mouth drop open and I hesitate briefly before reaching toward her. She takes my hands and puts them right on her tits. She squeezes my hands over them and says, "I want you to. Please touch me. You are so sexy. Yesterday when I saw you on the golf course with no bra on, I just wanted to grab you and pull your shirt off and suck on those hard nipples. I think you feel the same way about me."
Looking back up at her face, I see that she has lowered her eyes and is biting her bottom lip. She lowers her hands and I gently squeeze her round, firm boobs. They are so different from my own. My hands cover them completely as I gently knead them. I start to use my thumbs to rub her stiff nipples and it causes her to emit a soft moan. I stop for a moment and pull her bra up over her firm boobs and I'm fascinated as they drop right back into place once released from the soft cups.
I reach for her nipples and gently pull on them with my thumb and forefinger. She moans again and I pull myself closer. I pinch a little harder now and she moans a little louder. I'm afraid the sales clerk is going to hear us. I can't help myself though. I give them a little twist and just as she starts to moan, I cover her lips with mine and kiss her passionately. I feel her tongue immediately push against my lips and I allow it to pass into my mouth and wrestle with my own tongue.
She now has her hands on my boobs as well and is rubbing them through my dress. As much as I want this to continue, this isn't the right place. I pull away from her and tell her we need to stop for now.
She reluctantly agrees and we start to pick up what she has decided to keep, leaving the rest. As we leave the dressing room, I see the woman that had been helping us standing at the entrance to the dressing area with a smirk on her face. Maybe she doesn't know what was going on but it makes me wetter than I am already to think that she does.
I almost forget that I need a new dress for tonight and we head for the dresses. I see a manikin wearing a pretty blue and white dress, cut low in the front and even lower in the back. It is flared at the bottom and looked like it came to about mid-thigh on the manikin.
I ask the sales woman to bring me two different sizes and I instruct Analyse to stay out of my dressing room so that we can get out of here without being thrown out. She just giggles and says, "I don't know, getting thrown out of Nordstrom might be fun."
"No, it wouldn't, now go sit your LGBT ass over on that chair and I'll be right back."
She laughed out loud at that and went to sit down.
I tried on the smaller size first. It fit but just barely. I had a ton of cleavage showing and the back dropped all the way down to just above my ass. It is also shorter than I thought, coming about 2 or 3 inches above mid-thigh on my legs. I think about trying on the larger size but then change my mind.
Walking out to show Analyse, I twirl and ask her what she thinks.
Her eyes light up and she says, "You are going to get a lot of attention in that dress."
I ask her if she thinks it is too tight but she is shaking her head no and biting her bottom lip again. That is my sign to go ahead and buy it.
One last stop before we go. I want to get some shoes to go with the dress. The shoes are downstairs and we take the escalator. The shoe section is strangely quiet. There are usually lots of women in this department but not today.
A really handsome guy, probably in his late 20's or early 30's, wearing a nice suit introduces himself as Antonio and asks if he can help us, in what sounds like an Italian accent. I look over at Analyse who is openly checking him out. He has broad shoulders and longer black hair neatly styled. He was so well put together that there is a good chance he could be gay. However, from the way he is looking at the two of us, I'm going to guess he's not. I show him my dress and tell him I am looking for heels to match. He asks, "How high?"
"I'm going to wear them dancing so nothing too crazy; maybe 3 inches?"
He looks at the dress and then at my legs and points to a chair. I go and sit in the soft leather chair and he says, "I have several styles in mind. Let me pick some out for you. Do you trust me?"
I think that's kind of an odd question but I nod indicating that I do. I sit down in the chair and I expect that he is going to go and get the shoes but he pulls up a small stool in front of me and grabs one of those foot measuring devices. I start to tell him that I wear a 7 ½ but he just smiles at me and says something about how different styles fit differently. I wasn't paying that much attention because he had such a beautiful smile and the most amazing dark eyes.
I have always had a thing about teeth. I guy with crooked teeth, no matter how good looking otherwise, always kind of turned me off. This guy has the straightest, whitest teeth I have ever seen. He could be the Italian Dental Association poster boy. And those eyes. They are dark brown with flecks of gold. With his dark hair, he was stunningly handsome.
He lifts my foot slightly and slides the measuring devise under my foot. He asks me to step down slightly and I do. He said, "It looks like you have a perfect size 7 ½ ."
The way he was positioned and the way my foot is straight under me, I have to spread my legs a little and pull the hem of my dress up slightly so that I can see my foot, between my legs.
He was right. I looked at him and noticed that he wasn't looking at my foot. He was looking straight up my dress and between my legs. I imagine that he is looking directly at my yellow lace panties. I feel my legs open ever so slightly just in case he can't see everything and after a few seconds he looks up at me and I am staring directly at him. He just smiles and says "Bellissima."
I don't speak Italian but I am pretty sure that was a compliment.
He then gets up and tells me that he will be right back.
I am a little flustered and forgot all about Analyse who was looking at shoes on a display behind me until she said, "Holy shit Tabby, that guy is hot and you just flashed him your pussy didn't you?"
"Yes, I think I did."
"You think? He was looking straight up your dress. Are you wearing panties?"
"Yes, of course, a little yellow thong." A little yellow thong that just soaked completely through with my pussy juice.
"I'll bet he tries that again. You should let him see again."
I look at Analyse. She is smiling ear to ear. She is loving this and her nipples are showing it. She sits down in the chair next to me and I notice she hikes her skirt up about 3 inches too. She is going to flash him as well.
Antonio returns a few minutes later carrying 4 boxes. He puts them on the floor and kneels on the floor in front of me. Taking the first pair out of the box, he shows them to me. They are an open toe pump that matches the blue of my dress perfectly. The heel is only about two inches. "You like?"
Before I could say anything he lifts my foot in his hand, softly massaging it as he does so. He slides the shoe on and it fits perfectly. I notice though that he has lifted my foot even higher and as I am watching him slide the shoe on, he is looking straight up my dress again.
I make an exaggerated adjustment to look down at the shoe, opening my legs wider and lifting my foot as if to look at the shoe. I know he can see my pussy clearly in this position and he is taking full advantage. I am a little lost in this exchange as my libido starts to churn.
"I don't think those are sexy enough." Analyse chimes in.
Antonio looks in her direction and right at Analyses' crotch where she is displaying the sheer white material covering her pussy. I am sitting next to her and can clearly see her panties so I know that Antonio is getting more than an eye full. I can even see that there is clearly a wet spot that has formed and is making the material even more see-through.
"You are right. These would be good for some things but not for dancing," says Antonio as he slides the shoe off my foot and puts it back neatly in the box.
Next he pulls out a strappy sandal, this one has a much higher heel, probably 3 ½ inches and is very sexy. It too matches my dress. This one is a little more difficult to put on and he has to focus on my foot to adjust the straps correctly.
"Oooh, that one is sexy!" says Analyse. "Do you like it?"
Holding my foot up and pointing my toes, I tell them both that I do. Antonio is going back and forth looking up my dress and Analyses'. He slides the other shoe on my foot and then stands. I can clearly see that he has been enjoying the view. He looks like he is completely hard and his cock reaches all the way up and past his belt. I image the head of his cock painfully trapped between his belt and his belly.
He extends his hand and helps me up. The heels are a little higher than I am used to but the shoes are surprisingly comfortable. I like them.
"I think these will be just fine, I'll take them."
"Are you sure you wouldn't like to see any of the other styles I picked out for you?"
"I think we have all seen enough for today."
Antonio looks disappointed. We all walk to the register and I pay. Antonio pulls a card from his pocket and writes a number on it. He hands it to me and I can see that it is a business card with his work information on it but also he wrote his cell phone on the card.
He smiles and says, "Please feel free to call me any time. I am always available to help you or your friends with anything they may need." He made a point to stress the 'anything'.
"We just might do that Antonio." I say with a wink.
"Oh my god Tabby, that was so hot. We should take him home and fuck him."
"We should? Are you suggesting that we both take on that young man at the same time?"
"That is exactly what I am saying!"
"Okay, calm down. I can't do that and I'll explain why in the car, on the way home."
Sitting in the car, driving home, I tell Analyse about the agreement that I have with my husband. "I can't fuck around with guys he doesn't know, no matter how cute they are or how wet they make me. I love him too much to break my promise with him like that."
Analyse nods her understanding. Then she leans over the center console as best she can and puts her hand on my thigh and slowly started sliding it higher and inward. "Does that go for girls as well?"
"I ... I don't know. We really didn't discuss that."
Analyses' hand slides further up my inner thigh until her fingers graze lightly over my pussy. She uses her fingernails to lightly trace along my slit and to draw circles around my clit. She lightly presses the back of her hand against my left thigh, urging me to open my legs wider and I comply.
Now she is rubbing her fingers harder along the length of my slit and I am getting a little distracted. She slides her fingers under the side of my thong and pushes the material aside. She can feel how wet I am and she uses some of my juices to lightly roll up and over my clit. It makes me shiver and I have to ask her to stop or I am going to cause an accident.
I originally planned to take her home but we go straight to my house. She is still teasing me, running her fingers along my thighs and up and around my nipples. She is pinching them through my dress. I am speeding but I don't care.
We pull into my garage and she practically jumps into my lap, kissing me and I kiss her back. Our tongues are going crazy on each other and I just want to get her out of the car and into the house.
We go from the garage into the kitchen and as soon as the door closes I grab her and push her against the wall. Here hands are all over me and I pull her mouth to mine again and we continue to kiss passionately. She is struggling with the knot holding the straps of my dress behind my neck, trying to pull the top of my dress drown. Once she gets it down, she attacks my tits with her hands and her lips. Sucking, licking, biting my nipples, I can feel myself ready to cum. I feel like the whole day has been building up to this.
I am just about there and I hear a knock on the French doors leading to the patio and pool, behind us. My first thought is that Lisa had come around to the back door and now she has seen me with Analyse. I try to cover myself as I turn to look.
It isn't Lisa, it's James and Avery. They are smiling like the Cheshire cat from Alice in Wonderland. I turn to Analyse and whisper, "Ignore them and maybe they will go away."
She is frozen, not knowing what to do. "Did I mention that I ended up losing to those two yesterday playing golf and they are here to collect on their winnings."
"What did they win?"
"Me. And, their intention is to fuck my brains out for the next two hours."
"Your serious?"
"Dead serious. Maybe you should go."
"No! I mean I ... I don't want to go. Can I watch?"
"Do you want to watch or would you like to participate?"
"I want to participate!"
"Okay then, let's just keep giving them a show for now."
"Are you sure?"
"Oh, I think they will like it. Meanwhile, I'll explain a little bit." I explain to her the terms of the bet and how they collected on the first half of the bet yesterday. Both of their wives are still out of town so that is probably whey they both showed up here again this afternoon. I explain this while she is sucking on one nipple and pinching the other soooo good.
"Is it OK if I take your top off now?" I ask. "I want taste those hard little nipples."
"Mmmmmm, yes. Your nipples are so big and hard. I love sucking them."
"And I love you sucking on them. Don't be afraid to use your teeth. I like them to be played with rough."
"Oh god, I want to chew on them!"
Analyse goes from one to the other, biting down on the nipple and pulling it with her teeth. At the same time, I am struggling to pull her top off. She stops only for a second as I lift her t-shirt over her head and then remove her bra.
She starts pushing my dress down over my hips as I unhook her skirt and allow it to fall to the floor. Now we are both almost naked except for our thongs and our shoes. I reach down and slide my hand inside the top of her thong and down to her pussy. I can feel her shiver as my fingers pass over her mound. Except for a narrow strip of hair above her clit, she appears to be completely shaved.
She is totally wet and my fingers easily slide down the length of her slit. I slowly rub along her slit which is opening as my fingers slide further into the welcoming labia. I can feel my fingers covered with her juices and sliding my fingers back to the top. I run one finger on each side of her swollen clit, causing her to inhale sharply.
I pull my hand past the elastic encircling her waist and bring my fingers toward my mouth. They are glistening with her pussy juices and I can smell her sweet sex. I put one in my mouth and suck the juices, making sure that our audience can see exactly what is going on. Before I can put the other finger in my mouth, Analyse grabs my wrist and pulls my finger to her mouth. She pulls my finger past her soft lips and over her tongue until she has completely engulfed the length of my finger. Closing her lips tightly around my finger, she sucks her own juices completely off her finger.
We embrace in a long, passionate kiss. I can taste her on my lips and hers. Her taste is different than mine, almost the same consistency but a little more fragrant. I could eat her up.
I whisper in her ear, "We better let those two in before they break down the door. Are you sure you're ready?"
"I am so ready." She says.
"OK, but I have to warn you; you are about to see one of the biggest cocks you will ever see."
"Really?"
"Yup, just enjoy it and remember, you don't have to do anything you don't want to."
I run my hands down her sides and hook my thumbs on her thong and slowly lower it to below her knees before letting it fall to the floor. She kicks it off of her feet and then does the same to me."
We walk hand-in-hand to the glass doors and unlock them. "Would you two like to join us? I assume you are here to collect on the remainder of our bet. I just thought that if you two are going to double up on me, I might make the sides a little more even. You remember Analyse from yesterday right?"
Both are looking at Analyse like have never seen a naked 22-year-old girl before. Both are shirtless and wearing their bathing suits. I grab Avery by the waistband and pull him inside. I can see his hard cock pushed slightly to the side so as not to come out from under the waistband. James is hard too and I can actually see the tip of his cock sticking out between his tight abs and the waistband of his trunks.
I look at Analyse and see her staring at the bulge in Avery's shorts.
"Since we are both naked, I think it would only be fair that the two of you are naked as well, don't you?" I ask. "Why don't you let us help you with those?
I reach for James as he is the closest and untie the string holding up his swim trunks. I want Analyse to see Avery for the first time on her own terms.
I watch as she carefully unbuttons his shorts and tries to slide them over his hips but the tip of his cock is stuck under the waistband. She carefully reaches in and fishes his huge dick out from under the waistband and lets the shorts drop to the floor. Now both men are naked with cocks bobbing in front of them.
"Avery, I think this is your two hours; what would you like to do first? Or, should I ask, who would you like to do first?" I giggle.
"I think I would like to watch a little more of the two of you first if you don't mind." He says.
"Analyse, if that's Okay with you, I think we should move this party to the bedroom."
"Sure, I mean, I guess that's good."
I take her hand and guide her to the master bedroom and instruct Avery and James to get chairs from the sitting area in the bedroom and place them on either side of the bed so they can watch.
I climb onto the bed first and motion for Analyse to join me. She crawls onto the bed and on all-fours moves toward me. We embrace in a deep kiss with lots of tongue. I can feel her breasts pressed against mine, her hard nipples poking into my boobs. Her lips are so soft and it is so different from kissing a man.
She crawls on top of me and starts kissing my neck and sucking on my earlobes. That is driving me crazy. She works her way down my chest and squeezes my right breast gently at first and then a little harder. She then does the same to my left. She starts licking around my left areola, circling her tongue slowly inward until she is licking my nipple. She takes broad strokes over my hard nipple with the flat of her tongue and then starts flicking it.
I can feel my pussy lubricating as she strokes her tongue over and over. Now she is sucking my nipple, softly, then with just a little more suction. Finally, she sucks as much of my nipple, areola and surrounding flesh into her mouth as she can. God that feels good.
She is back sucking just the nipple now and she grabs the hard nub with her teeth, softly scraping along the length of it. She reaches the end, bites down harder and pulls the swollen end out and lets it snap back. Then she starts on my other one with the same maddening process.
Finally, she starts to kiss down the underside of my big tits and down the center of my belly. Her hands reach up and grab my boobs, one in each hand as she continues kissing and licking lower, over and around my belly-button. Then lower. Just before she reaches my clit she veers to the left and starts down my thigh.
"Noooo. Please don't tease me anymore. I need your tongue on my pussy. Pleeeeeaaaassse."
She looks up at me and smiles and then sticks the flat of her tongue against my slit.
"Unnnggghhhh. Yeeeessssss!"
I look down as she strokes her tongue against my pussy again and again. I glance over to see James staring at us, slowly stroking his hard cock. I want to see if Avery is doing the same but she is licking me furiously now.
She is intentionally avoiding my clit and it is maddening. My labia are fully open and her tongue is lashing my inner lips, slathering up my juices which feel as though they are flowing out of me.
Finally, she licks up, around and over my aching clit and I start to cum. My body is shaking and I arch my back off the bed, driving her tongue hard against my clit. Just as I start to lower myself back down onto the bed, she pushes what feels like two fingers into my open cunt. They slide in easily as wet as I am and she immediately curls them inward, finding my g-spot.
"Fuck! Yes, yes, yes," I say as I start to cum again. She is back to licking my clit as her fingers continue to glide over my g-spot and then disappear as she cork-screws them out of my pussy before jamming them back in until her fingers are buried and her hand is smashed against my slutty opening. Back across my g-spot and twisting out.
It all of the sudden seems more filling. I think she has added a third finger. I am such a slut, letting this 22-year-old girl get me off with her tongue and fingers. I am almost ready to cum again.
I haven't heard anything from the guys and I glance over to Avery this time. He is watching as intently as James was and is slowly stroking his huge cock. He looks up at me and smiles. I just smile back, right as I start to cum again.
This time I have to pull Analyse away. I am way too sensitive for her to keep going like this. I direct her to sit up at the head of the bed while I scoot around and straddle her. Now it is my turn to give her the same treatment she gave me.
I start by kissing her. Her face is covered in my pussy juice and I lick it off of her like a cat. Our kisses are no longer soft. I am kissing her hard and starting to knead her perky tits. I hear her moan into my mouth as I flick her nipples with my thumbs. I back away slightly and duck down to take one of her sweet nipples in my mouth and suck hard. Another groan.
I pinch one nipple with my thumb and finger while lightly chewing on the other. There is a sense of urgency with her that I can feel. She doesn't want to be seduced, teased or softly brought to orgasm. She wants my tongue in her pussy.
I oblige, backing up toward the foot of the bed, my head between her thighs and my tongue buried in her sweet pussy. My ass is high in the air and I feel a hand on it. I look over and James is still in his chair but Avery is standing and has moved behind me. His hands are spreading my ass cheeks and one thumb is rubbing my pink asshole and the other is spreading my pussy lips. He is going to fuck me and I can't wait.
As soon as I feel his massive cock head touch my pussy, I push back, trying to impale myself but he pulls away just enough to keep me from stuffing my needy hole. Now he is rubbing the length of his cock along my pussy and inner thighs, lubricating it with my cum which has been pouring out of me.
A second later, I feel him press against my opening again. I know that I am already open for him and I can feel him press inward. His massive cock starts to slide inside me, stretching me steadily as the fat head of his cock pushes forward.
There is always a burning sensation that happens right before the head breaks through the opening and my pussy closes around his girth. It hurts so good. Once he is inside, he easily slides in 6", then 8" and he keeps going. I am filled to capacity and it takes my cunt a few seconds to adjust to this monster. I can feel the walls of my cunt pulsing around his entire length as he once again pushes more of his cock into me.
I jolt as he pushes against my cervix. I have felt it before but it always makes me jump as he hits bottom and then pushes beyond. I don't know what is truly happening when I feel that but it seems like his 11" cock pushes right past my cervix and into my womb. It sort of hurts at first but in a few moments I know it is going to be unbelievable pleasure.
I know I haven't been focusing on Analyses' pussy so I try to get back to pleasing her while Avery starts a slow steady fucking, pulling my insides out and then pushing them back in with each massive stroke.
I hear a muffled sound from Analyse and when I look up, James has climbed onto the bed and is kneeling next to her head. She has his cock in her mouth and she is slowly pumping it with her fingers in a spiral motion. James has her left nipple between his fingers and he is tugging and twisting it.
Avery is starting to fuck me harder and I am once again losing focus on Analyse. I try timing Avery's pounding of my pussy with my tongue fucking Analyse, my nose against her swollen clit. I think it is working because I can hear her moaning against James' cock in her mouth.
I want to get her off so I move my tongue directly to her clit and push a finger into her tight snatch. She feels so tight as she squeezes against my finger. After a few seconds I feel her adjust and I add a second finger, stretching her slightly in the process. Now she seems to easily accommodate my digits. James is going to love fucking this tight pussy but I worry about her being able to take Avery's big cock.
I am going to cum again from Avery's fucking but I want to get her off first. Just as I can't hold back any longer, I feel her pussy start to quiver around my fingers and a gush of cum flows around my fingers and onto my hand.
That is all it takes and I too start to cum. Avery slams his giant cock into me one more time and I feel his cock emptying his semen deep inside me. I look up and see Analyse, her chin dripping with James' cum slowly licking the head of his softening prick. As my orgasm starts to wane, I start to giggle.
James asks, "What are you laughing about?
"Do you realize that we just had, like a 4-way, simultaneous orgasm? That has to be some kind of record!"
We all start to laugh as we lay sprawled across the bed. "Does anybody need water or something to drink?" I ask.
A weak "I could use some water," comes from Analyse at the top of the bed.
"I could use a beer."
"Me too."
"Ok, I'll be right back," I say.
I go down to the kitchen and grab some water bottles and two cold beers and go back to the bedroom. Walking through the door I am hit with the smell of sex that is thick in the air. I didn't realize it before but I guess the four of us were pretty hot and heavy.
I suggest we move this party outside to the pool so we can get cleaned off and enjoy this beautiful day. Everyone agrees and the four of us walk out onto the patio. "You can either jump in the pool or use the outdoor shower," I suggest.
Analyse walks to the edge of the pool and dips her foot into the cold water. "I think I will try the shower."
I watch as Analyse walks toward the shower, her perfect, tight little ass swaying as she walks. It isn't but a second before Avery and James follow her. It is an open shower so there is plenty of room. Before joining them, I watch as Analyse slides under the water and Avery and James converge on her. I can't help but think of them as two lions closing in on a young antelope. I can't hear exactly what they are saying to her but she raises her hands above her head and the two lions take the body wash and carefully clean every part of her, spending significantly more time on some parts than others.
I join them and get the same treatment. By the time we are done, the guys are getting hard again and I can tell that Analyse is ready to go. She keeps looking at Avery's cock which is now at half-mast or better but I can't tell if it is lust or trepidation.
I pull her aside as we towel off to make sure she is still OK with this. She smiles back at me assuring me that she is. "I don't know if I can take that big cock but I sure as hell want to try," she says.
I smile back at her and tell her she might want to loosen up with James first while I work on Avery a little more.
She takes my advice and walks right up to James and grabs his cock, pulling him close and then kissing him. He reaches behind her, cupping her ass and pulling her close. They make their way to one of the lounge chairs. By the time they get there, James looks like he is fully hard. Analyse lays down on the lounger and motions for him to climb on top of her. He climbs between her spread legs and they kiss passionately. He kisses down her neck and onto her waiting nipples while she guides his hard cock between her legs.
Meanwhile, Avery and I are watching but I want to feel his big hard cock in my mouth. We move to the other lounger and Avery lays back while I take him in my mouth. I can still see Analyse and James if I look sideways but for now I am focusing on my prize penis.
I look up and see that Avery is watching the other two as I take more and more of him into my mouth. I am wondering if he is thinking about fucking that tight 22-year-old pussy but then I see his eyes close as I momentarily pull him out of my mouth and run my tongue down his length and suck one of his egg size balls into my mouth.
I focus on getting Avery all the way down my throat for the next few minutes and block out everything else. I can feel my jaw and throat adapting to his size much faster now. In no time, I feel my nose touching his tight tummy. As I pull back almost all the way to the tip of his engorged head, I hear a loud moan.
I look over to see Analyse now on all fours and James kneeling behind her, ramming his cock into her pussy at a fast pace. She is moaning constantly now and then suddenly stiffens as her orgasm rips through her. James has stopped for the moment and she is just perched on his cock which is buried to the hilt in her cunt. I can see her juices running down his thighs and glistening in the sun. That girl can cum!
"Don't stop," begs Analyse. James starts to slowly move in an out of her tight pussy again but I can see that he is close. Her pussy must have been convulsing around his cock while she was cumming and it was only 3 or 4 more pumps before he poured his seed inside her.
I look up at Avery and he looks back at me and then we look at James. An unspoken agreement is made between the three of us and James pulls his still-hard cock from Analyses' pussy and comes toward my lounger. Avery takes his place behind Analyse.
"Don't you hurt her!"
"I'll be gentle."
Analyse was still in a fog after her orgasm but when she realized that Avery and his giant cock were now behind her and he was preparing to fuck her she moaned, "Oh, god yes. Fuck me with that big cock. Fuck me, fuck me."
Avery slowly pushes the giant head of his cock into Analyse. Her pussy still stretched and dripping from James' thick cock slowly opens up for Avery. He slowly works his way in, a millimeter at a time, careful not to hurt her.
Analyse isn't as patient and she starts pushing back against him taking an inch or more each time she bucks backwards. With more than 2/3 of him inside her, he slowly pulls back out before pushing in once again.
Now James is standing next to me, his cock still hard. It must be from watching James and Analyse. While he is watching intently as more and more of Avery's cock pushes into Analyse, I use my tongue to pull his cock into my mouth. I can taste his cum and hers as I start bobbing up and down on his now fully erect cock. He isn't watching them any longer, but rather has turned his attention to me. I am slowly pumping his cock with my hand as I take more and more of him into my mouth.
James reaches for the back of my head and grabs a fist full of hair. He looks down at me and says, "Isn't this the way you like it?" as his pushes his entire length into my mouth. With James lodged in the back of my throat, I reach my hands behind each thigh to hang on. James starts to slowly fuck my mouth, using my hair as a handle to control my movement. He knows exactly what I want.
"Tabby you are the best cock-sucking slut there is but I want to fuck your awesome pussy too." He walks behind me and I position myself on the lounger so that I am on all-fours and he is standing behind me. We are both facing Avery and Analyse now. James shoves his cock into my waiting pussy in one swift motion, causing me to, "Unnnggghhh".
It was so loud that Analyse looked over at me. When she saw that James was standing behind me and that we were both watching her and Avery, she gave me a big smile before Avery pushed all but an inch or so of his long cock into her, causing her to close her eyes. Now she is grunting too.
Still watching I see Analyse convulse two different times as Avery continued to ravish her. I am also getting my share of mini orgasms but I can feel a big one building. Analyse starts to convulse one more time, her tits shaking violently underneath her. A second later, Avery let's out a loud grunting noise indicating that he is depositing his cum deep inside her tight cunt.
Seeing the two of them orgasm sets me off. It's a big one and I am quivering uncontrollably. I feel almost like I am going to black out. James speeds up his pounding against my ass, his balls slapping against my sensitive clit, and then I feel him pull out and spray his cum across my back.
All four of us collapse on our respective loungers, exhausted. It has been nearly two hours since we started and I don't think I can stand on my own. It feels good to just lay here.
It is probably 20 minutes before anyone moves. Analyse gets up first to go to the bathroom. Avery gets up and walks to the shower to clean off again and I lazily walk to join him. Behind me, I hear James jump into the pool. I think that is way too cold for me.
Everyone re-groups and I get us more drinks. Wine for me and Analyse and beer for James and Avery. It seems funny that we are all still naked. The guys are talking to Analyse about her job as if nothing like what just happened, ever happened. We move back into the house and sit in the kitchen, talking for another 45 minutes or so when I looked over and see James getting hard again.
"James, you think I'm a slut? I see you getting hard again."
"I can't help it; I'm sitting here with two beautiful naked women. What do you expect?"
"I expect that I am going to have to do something with that! Unless you want to take care of it Analyse."
"Noooo, this big boy wore me out, and she reaches over and rubs Avery's' thigh."
"Well then, how may I serve you master James?"
"I was thinking that I might like to fuck that tight little ass of yours."
"Oh, I see. I think I can handle that." I turn toward the kitchen island and wiggle my ass at James. "Is this to your liking sir?"
"Yes it is. Now bend over."
Before I can tell him I need to get the lube from my bedroom, he pushes down on my back with one hand and reaches for the butter that was on the island next to me. Taking a large glob of butter on his fingers, he starts to rub it around and in my asshole. I feel really dirty, first for the Clockwork Orange moment but also because I am going to be fucked in the ass while being watched by Avery and Analyse. As humiliating it is for James to lube my ass with butter, now stretching my asshole with two fingers easily sliding in an out of my tight hole, it is extremely sexy and I can feel my sore pussy lubricating.
Now James stretches me further with a third finger and I feel the burning sensation in my sphincter which hasn't had quite enough time to adjust. Just as it is starting to feel good, he pulls his fingers out and pushes the head of his cock against my tightening hole. He must be putting some of the butter-lube on his cock as well since he hasn't pushed forward yet.
Now I feel him pushing gently against my tight ring. He has to push harder to get his slick helmet past my tight asshole. Once the head is all the way in, I feel it close around him. His cock is very thick and it feels much fuller than the three fingers did. I also know his cock is thickest in the middle and I prepare to be stretched more.
James is very gentle as he works his way deeper and deeper into my accommodating ass. Once fully inside, he stops for a moment. The full feeling of his awesome cock lodged deep in my ass is wonderful. I never knew this could feel so good.
As James slowly starts to fuck my ass, I glance at Analyse. She is slowly stroking Avery's cock as they watch James' cock appear and disappear in my round ass. Both are totally focused on seeing my ass-fucking.
I am really getting into it now. He is starting to speed up but I know that this being the 3rd or 4th (I can't keep track anymore) time he is going to cum, it will take a while and I plan to enjoy every second of it. The butter is doing a good job for lubrication. I just hope it holds out.
The angle I am at seems to put the head of his cock in such way that it is hitting my g-spot every time he pushes into me. It's a different feeling than the direct touch, with the thin wall of tissue separating my ass and vagina, but it is a good feeling. It's a slow build but I can feel my orgasm starting to grow, seemingly deeper inside than normal. It also feels dirtier, sluttier, being watched as I am fucked in the ass.
It feels like it has been at least 10 minutes of steady fucking when I all of the sudden go over the edge. It was such a slow build but then all at once, all of the blood rushes to my center and I am cumming in buckets. I am squirting, or peeing or something but it is flowing out of me and onto the floor. I reach down and feel myself ejaculating, gushing. I don't think I have ever done that before.
James starts to speed up and he slams into me once, twice, three times and then stops as I feel him erupt. He can't have that much cum left but I can still feel squirting inside of me. I am barely able to stand and James slowly pulls out with a pop as my ass closes.
I am completely spent now. I just want to go to bed.
I look over and it looks like Analyse has made Avery cum with her expert handiwork. I can see the cum running down her chest and his belly; his softening cock still looks huge in her tiny hand. I think we are all done for the day.
"My debt has been paid and you two need to get out of here and leave us poor defenseless women alone."
"I would hardly call you defenseless," says Avery. "You girls kicked our butts."
"I agree," says James. "Come on Avery, let's get out of here before they make us fuck them again!"
We all laugh and James and Avery go looking for their shorts. I tell Analyse to follow me and I pull her into the bathroom and then the shower with me. We wash each other's hair and bodies but there is no more sex, just soft touching and an occasional kiss.
After we get dressed, I drive Analyse home. She keeps thanking me for today and I just tell her to stop. It was my pleasure. Well, our pleasure.
"Tabby, that was the most incredible sex I have ever had," she says.
"I'm really glad you were there, without you, those two would have torn me apart."
"What a way to go though. I know I am going to be sore tomorrow. That cock of Avery's is really something, I didn't think I would be able to take it all."
"You were a pro sweetheart, now get out of here and give your mom a kiss for me. You might want to brush your teeth first though."
We both laugh and she grabs her bags from the trunk and bounces into the house. How she still has that much energy I don't know.
***
I must have fallen asleep because the next thing I hear is my Skype alerting me that John is calling.
"John, you are not going to believe what happened today."