Thanks to Peter 1956 for editing Car Pooling part ten for me, this will make reading my stories more enjoyable for the reader.
*****
The weekend was used as catch up for all the work around the house not done during the week. Martha was nude as she did the laundry, she laughed mentally noted she has saved a lot of work on her part by going nude when weather permitted, as she didn't have to wash as many of her clothes. Hal continued to work on the replacement windows they could afford to buy now they both had a job. They could replace the windows, rather than repair them. To save money, as it was a very pleasant day, Martha hung out the laundry, going outside nude to hang the clothes on the line. She walked around the corner of the house; Martha found her husband in conversation with their next door neighbor Stan, a man about 70 years old and a widower. Without a second thought, Martha greeted the older gentleman with a hug as was customary for them. Stan had his back to her when she approached and didn't realize his neighbor was nude, until he felt her hard nipples pressed into his tee shirt covered chest.
The poor elderly man red-faced, looked at Martha saying, "Martha, you don't have any clothes on?" He had a big smile on his face though, as he was eyeing the woman from head to toe.
"Let it be our little secret, besides technically I do have something on it's my birthday suit." Martha giggled as she turned and went back into the house; she looked over her shoulder, smiled with a wave.
On their part both men were laughing while watching Martha retreat around the corner of the house into the back yard.
The couple was happy as they were making more money presently per week than Martha was making for two months work, before starting the experimental project and she hadn't exposed her body to the whole night shift yet.
It took them the whole day on Saturday to catch up. The couple took a shower together making sure each was clean. Martha did what had become the norm for her. She did a taste test on her husband's dick in the shower to make sure he was clean, but she only went to a point just before he came and stopped.
Hal also did a taste test on Martha while in the shower, he went down on her noting she was clean and tasting good, but he couldn't stop his tongue action on her until he made her cum. He had to clean up his wife again to the point of almost running out of hot water.
Getting out of the shower and drying each other they both said in unison, "Let's go out to eat." They dressed:
Hal with dress pants and shirt, Martha with a dress which buttoned down the front only, the rationalization for Martha's outfit was that it's too warm to wear bra and panties, she told her husband. He agreed with his wife. They were off to town for a night out.
Going to an elegant steak house, their seating was in a dark corner of the restaurant; it had candle lit tables and was semi-private. A young man about 22 was their waiter.
Carlo as his nametag stated, asked the couple, "What would you like to drink?"
Hal said, "A Coke, as I am the driver tonight", as he rubbed his wife's pussy in front of the young man.
Martha said, "I will have an iced tea," as she wanted to remember what she did that night.
The waiter left and Hal started to unbutton the bottom of Martha's dress, he did one button his wife didn't stop him, so he did three more. The dress was parted to her belly button she looked down and smiled at her husband; she didn't care if someone saw her intimate area.
"Do you think I should trim my pubic area some for my debut?" Said Martha smiling at her husband as she spread her legs for easier access to her pussy.
Hal was rubbing her pussy while discussing giving her pussy a trim. He agreed and then Hal dropped a bomb.
Hal said, "I think we should have a vote on the type of trim you should have at work on Monday night we should bring this up at the meeting."
"I think you should trim me and surprise the guys at work." Said Martha.
They were interrupted in their discussion by Carlo; he brought their drinks and asked for their order. Martha sat in such a way, although the light was low her white legs showed. The way she had her legs spread the young man could see her husband's hand, as he played with his wife's pussy as they ordered. The order had to be repeated 4 times before he got it right. While he was taking the order he didn't take his eyes off of Hal's hand as he rubbed his wife's pussy.
"I hope we get what we ordered; Carlo was too distracted watching you play with my pussy." Giggled Martha and then tried to stifle a moan as Hal inserted his fingers in her.
Martha was soon very excited. She was on the verge of an orgasm, when another couple was seated next to them. They were in their late thirties and the man noticed where Hal's hand was. The woman noticed Martha's opened position and her movements with the faint scent of an excited female in proximity to their table.
Looking over at the couple Martha noticed they were paying close attention to them. She stopped Hal from further penetration by holding his hand and whispering for him to stop. She was still slid foreword when Carlo came with the meals. She was talking with Hal and didn't bother to sit up. Carlo reaching over and giving Martha her meal first, spending more time than necessary in the position, Martha sat up after her meal was delivered and Carlo was serving Hal.
"I bet Carlo memorized the number of hairs I have on my pussy. He was looking down there for so long," stated Martha just above a whisper, making her husband laugh.
They ate their dinner and had desert enjoying a meal and going out, something they couldn't afford over the last several years.
Hal said, "Unbutton the top three buttons on your dress leave only one under your boobs."
"You trying to get me banned from this place because it is too expensive to eat here?" said Martha; she smiled as she did as her husband asked.
When Carlo came with the check Martha made a show of reaching down for her purse thus exposing her breasts to the young man.
Carlo turned red as Martha turned toward him saying, "The food was delicious and the service was great." She spread her legs giving him a beaver shot.
Hal blocked her exposure from the other couple sitting near them with his body. Martha and Hal arose from their seats and said good-by to the couple next to them, as they walked to the door. Martha gave the patrons a view of her legs almost to her pussy on the way out.
"I don't want to go home yet. Let's go dancing," said Martha.
"There is a club a few blocks from here. It has a younger crowd who go there, I heard from the younger guys at work," said Hal.
"If we don't like the music we can leave," said Martha.
Hal agreed and they were off to the Club. It took about ten minutes to get there and another ten to find a parking spot, there were so many cars. Martha still only had one button on her dress buttoned, but when she was standing you didn't notice. They walked in the club and found a seat up about five feet from the dance floor and at the rail. Martha sat down and Hal ordered two soft drinks for the couple. It didn't take long for the young men to notice the mature lady who was commando with her legs spread who sat on the upper level.
It took a while for Martha to realize she was showing the young men her flower of life. She turning red and trying to keep her knees together, but it was too uncomfortable for her, so she just let it all hang out. The average age of the people in the club was late 20s to middle 30s. The couple danced to a few slow dances and Martha was ready to call it a night, when Mark walked up to them and asked Hal, if he could dance with his wife.
Hal agreed, so Mark and Martha went onto the dance floor to dance to some fast tune. Martha twisting and turning during the dances caused the last button to come undone without her knowledge. Hal could see his wife all but nude on the dance floor. She noticed her exposure after the dance. She waved to her husband and buttoned two buttons on her dress, just as the music was starting again.
They left the club at closing with Martha and Mark dancing most of the dances. Hal enjoyed watching his wife have a good time, as with his injuries he couldn't fast dance, he would be hurting in the morning if he did.
Sunday Martha and Hal awakened to the sound of rain pitter pattering on the roof. Hal couldn't work on the windows and Martha had completed the house cleaning along with the laundry yesterday. The couple took a shower and to make sure they were both clean Martha gave Hal the taste test as she has done in the past. She went to her knees with the soap and cleaned her husband's tool. Martha washed off the soap and gave him gave him a blow job; she made him groan when she deep throated him, pumping on his manhood until he came in her mouth. Falling to his knees he got between his wife's legs to do the taste test on her pussy, she had her first orgasm of the day within four minutes of her husband's first kiss on her flower of life.
As usual they had to wash again after their intimate ballet in the shower. Although it was raining the weather was warm, so Hal donned his shorts and tee while Martha remained naked going to the kitchen to prepare brunch as it was past breakfast but not time for lunch yet. Hal helped with the preparation of the meal while taking in the beauty of his mature wife. They sat down to eat after cleaning up together.
"I checked the weather; it is going to rain all day. Let's go to the movies. I want to see 'One Day', it is playing in town. There is a two PM showing," said Martha.
"That is a chick flick, I won't be able to sit through it," said Hal.
"Come up to the bed room with me to pick out what you want me to wear. I bet I could keep you interested all though the movie," said Martha.
Without any comment Hal followed Martha to the bedroom. He picked out a dress with buttons down the front and laid it on the bed. She primped in front of the mirror as Hal watched her. He couldn't get enough of her naked beauty.
"I picked out your dress. You can put on the shoes you want," said Hal
Martha entered her closet to retrieve a pair of sandals. She bent over to find the sandals to match the dress giving Hal an intimate view of his wife. He never tires of her flower of life. She put on the dress and they were ready to go to the movies. It was a 30 minute ride to the theater; they arrived about five minutes early. Hal bought the tickets while Martha bought popcorn and beverages.
Entering the theater Martha was happy to see it wasn't very crowded, just the way she wanted it, so she could make Hal happy that they came to the movies. They sat in the center of the row about half way down. The lights went down and Martha placed the popcorn box in her lap, after she stealthily unbuttoned her dress to her waist, to conceal what she had planned. Martha grabbed Hal's hand and placed it on her thigh at her pubic hair. It didn't take Hal long to understand what Martha had on her mind. He rubbed her pussy as she watched the movie. The low sounds Martha emitted during the movie, caused people to look her way front time to time. They thought she was very interested in the movie through her actions. The other patrons weren't close enough to the couple to see what really happened; Hal rubbed his wife's pussy as they watched the movie. It was a three orgasm movie for her.
On Monday afternoon Hal and Martha picked up Mark to ride in with them to work. Martha was glad Mark was there and just as they drove out of their neighborhood Martha started to undress; she removed her skirt, and button down blouse she didn't have a bra on so the only thing she had on was her panties they came off before they got onto the freeway. Tossing the panties in the back seat Mark picked them up and commented to the two persons in front how wet the gusset of the mature woman's pantie was.
Martha was embarrassed that Mark checked out her undergarment to find she enjoyed being exposed to other men. When she took off her panties there was the sweet odor of her excitement filling the car passenger compartment. The lovely scent announced her excitement to the other two occupants of the vehicle before her undergarment was checked. She lay back with her legs spread and started to rub her pussy as they discussed the appreciation festivities which would be started as soon as they had all the questionnaires back, to see how the men felt about the visual inspection of a nude women as a bonus for good work. Hal loved the new Martha he could not get enough of her exposed pussy shown to others.
It was Monday night at about four PM as the group convened to discuss how they would implement the appreciation festivities, with Walter, Hal, Martha, Mark, Fred, Tom and Jack present for the meeting. All the questionnaires came back with all the men at the facility agreed it would be fun to have a woman who was comfortable nude and would consent to be manually pleasured by the men.
Walter asked, "Martha are you agreeable to be our nude model and Hal are you comfortable with your wife's nudity in the context of your plan?"
"I will probably be embarrassed to begin with, but I will warm up to the exposure as long as my husband is with me," said Martha.
"As long as Martha is agreeable I have no problem with her exposure," said Hal.
"If there are no other questions we will start Martha's exposure in two weeks. This will give us time to gather information to find out who the lucky men are to witness your first exposure," said Walter.
The meeting broke up after Walter said, "Martha, put out a memo with our meeting minutes to brief the employees on this meeting."
All worked very hard to finish all they had to do before the end of their shift.
Hal, Martha and Mark departed from work in discussion of Martha's coming exposure. She did not strip in the car, as there were many points to consider for this program. They all agreed the group would be distracted if Martha was nude.
The main points discussed and agreements were:
•When will it be implemented, during work hours or after work?
They thought it should be implemented on Friday night after lunch.
•Will the employees have to sign a nondisclosure document?
They decided yes they did.
• Will there be a problem with men who don't put total effort in their jobs?
They decided to have a rating program so everyone will get a chance to see Martha, but the better workers will see her more often.
The group arrived home after all the questions were answered. They would present the information to Walter tomorrow night.
Martha went upstairs to take a shower; Hal was a few minutes behind her as he parked the car in the garage and checked the mail. Her husband entered the shower with her just as she rinsed her hair, Hal retrieved the soap and started to wash her back, he moved lower until he was soaping her bum and pussy, needless to say he had his wife with her hands against the wall while Hal's little head took over. He pumped his hard tool into his lovely wife. She didn't realize how horny she was until Hal entered her she screamed her orgasm within a few minutes. Her husband held back just long enough for her to cum first and then he blasted off. He shot a large load into his wife. After they calmed down both had to take another shower good thing they were still in the shower they laughed.
The couple exhausted went to bed happy ready for the next day.