*** 1. The Favor ***
"Mom, can you do me a huuuuuge favor?" Jensen asked in his usual, not-so-subtle begging voice.
There was a pause on the other end of the line, then a drawn-out sigh. "What is it, hun?" his mother asked.
"My car broke down and there's this thing I need to attend tonight. I need you to give me a lift."
"A thing?"
"Yes, for college," he said hastily, hoping she wouldn't utilize her extrasensory mom-skills just that one time.
"An important... thing?"
"I wouldn't ask if it wasn't important."
"And you don't have any friends that can drive?"
"I already asked everyone I know."
"And how far away is it?"
"About thirty miles. North."
There was another pause at the other end of the line and Jensen knew that his mother was thinking. His dorm room was half an hour's drive away from home, plus another thirty miles in the opposite direction, plus the drive back. It wasn't just the time that was a factor. Kathy would be doing the mental arithmetic of how much gas it would take to drive that far and whether or not it was more expensive than a taxi.
Another sigh as his mother came to the same conclusion he had. It was still cheaper than a taxi fare by a long shot. Ever since Robert skipped town, times had been tough in the financial department. Especially with tuition on top of everything else.
"And it is important, right?" Kathy asked.
"Yes, it's very important for me."
"Okay, I'll do it. When is it?"
"In an hour."
"Cutting it close."
"Sorry."
"It's okay. I'll be there. Love you."
"I'll love you, too, Mom."
The line barely clicked dead before Jensen already pressed the button to call his friend Adam. It rang three times.
"Waddup?"
"I'm gonna be there after all," Jensen whooped into the phone.
"Ohhhh shit, hell yeah. You got your car fixed?"
"No, I, uh... found someone on my floor," he lied.
"Sweet. Can't wait, wouldn't have been the same without you, man."
"Hah, as if I'm gonna miss out on something epic like that."
"Shit's gonna be kinky as bananas."
"Helllllllll yeah."
*** 2. Drop Off ***
Mother and son sat in the rust-speckled Toyota, cruising at sixty-miles-an-hour northbound. They were alike in many ways. Both had the same shade of chestnut brown hair, though his was short and wavy while hers went down to her shoulders and was straight. They had the same eyebrows and the same ears. The biggest thing that set them apart was that he had inherited his father's blue eyes and hers were brown.
Yet no one who saw the two of them together ever thought that he was her son. For one thing, he was almost a foot taller. He had broad shoulders and an athletic frame, while she was curvy. The same square jaw that made him look handsome and masculine made her look formidable. Even though he was only nineteen, people always assumed he was in his late twenties. Too old for her to be his mother, which was an annoying compliment.
Kathy pushed on the pedal, hoping the octogenarian in the SUV ahead of them would finally get the hint and pull out of the left lane. She was moments away from flashing her high beams.
"We have plenty of time," Jensen said.
"Do we?" Kathy snapped at him but regretted it instantly. "Sorry."
She had been in a weird mood all day, way before her son's call had turned her day on its head. She had woken up to a drunk voicemail from Robert that was meant for someone named "Bambi." In it, he raucously detailed exactly what he wanted to do her twenty-five-year-old body.
It wasn't the first time that had happened and it likely wouldn't be the last. The memory still left a sour taste in her mouth. She had spent the next five hours at the gym. Two hours of yoga, an hour of relaxation in the sauna, and two hours of boxing lessons with Andre.
She'd gladly have spent all day trying to work out her frustration but after her heart was pumping with Andre's firm hands on her longing body, she had to restrain herself from making a public scene in the gym's shower room.
As soon as she got home, she started a workout session of a different sort. A battery powered one. Ten minutes into that, the phone rang.
Kathy slammed her palm on the steering wheel. *BEEEEEEP*
"Jesus, Mom. What's the matter? I've never seen you drive like this."
"Sorry," Kathy muttered, feeling ashamed.
It wasn't like she could tell him the truth: that she was just one poorly paved road away from reaching an orgasm. A cobblestone road would have been a guaranteed car crash. No, her son was blissfully unaware of his mother's perverted brain, solely focused on his important studies.
Whatever they were going to, Jensen had gone all out in preparation. His shirt was clean, his hair had been recently cut, and the tiny nick on his cheek was still visible. The emerald green sweatshirt he wore was the best one he owned, which she knew because she had bought it for him to wear on graduation day. Even his pants were real pants and not jeans for once. They even looked like they had been ironed.
Ten painfully speed-limited minutes later, Kathy pulled into the parking lot of a red brick colonial building. Peabody Hall, according to the sign. It certainly looked like it belonged to a place of learning, though it couldn't have been part of the campus all the way out there.
"Are you finally going to tell me what this is all about?"
"It's just a lecture," Jensen said absentmindedly, his focus already shifting to the group of guys huddling around a car. One of the men was Adam.
"A lecture about what?"
"Nothing," he said evasively.
"A lecture on nothing? That sounds interesting. Must be highly philosophical. It's been a while since my college days, maybe I'll sit in."
"No!" Jensen snapped, panic in his eyes.
Kathy laughed and it took a few seconds for Jensen to register she had been joking. Still, he didn't seem quite convinced.
"It's not that I don't love you but you're my mom and I'm an adult. If anybody finds out that my mom dropped me off, it's gonna make me look--"
"It's okay. If you tell me how long it's going to take, I can wait for you."
"Nah, that's not necessary," Jensen said and opened the door. "Really, you don't have to. I'll get a ride back with Adam, it's no problem. Thank you so much for everything, Mom."
"No hug goodbye?" she teased him.
Jensen rolled his eyes and slammed the door shut. Kathy waited long enough to watch her son receive half a dozen claps on his back from his friends before putting the car in reverse.
On her way out, she passed a glass-covered poster next to the steps that led up to the entrance of Peabody Hall. It read:
Tonight Only at 6:00 PM. A special lecture from famous sex therapist Dr. Inge Sorensen. Adults Only.
That was not what she had expected, Kathy conceded. Her son was going to listen to a lecture from a sex therapist? She snorted. It was no wonder he had been so evasive. As far as she was aware, he didn't have a girlfriend and on top of that, he attended it with a bunch of his friends. That could only mean it was some weird porn thing.
Of course, she was a little miffed. He had demanded her taxi services for something that was most likely not college related at all. Then again, she remembered what she had been like when she was his age. Compared to her, he was a saint, and if he wanted to hide that he was seeing a lecture from a sex therapist with a doctor degree, that was the least of her worries. Although...
Halfway back to the on-ramp, Kathy pulled into a Burger Feast parking lot and turned the car around. If the circumstances had been different, she would have just kept on driving back home and never given it a second thought but she just couldn't let her curiosity rest.
What kind of a lecture was considered "adult only"? Peabody Hall looked legitimate enough so it probably wasn't anything sexually explicit like she imagined. But then again, high schoolers had sex ed and, of course, the internet. They certainly could talk about that kind of stuff in front of high schoolers. And Jensen was in college.
Five minutes to six, Kathy re-entered the parking lot of Peabody Hall. Other than the cars, it was empty. Jensen and his friends were presumably already inside. The lights in the building were on despite the sun still being up. She sat in the car for another two minutes, contemplating whether or not she was seriously thinking about gatecrashing her son's lecture.
All the while, she fidgeted around in her seat, trying to ignore the uncomfortable presence between her legs. She double-checked her appearance in the rear-view mirror. She hadn't put on a lot of makeup and just wore skinny jeans with a loose blouse, certainly not nearly as polished as her son had been, so it was likely that she wouldn't even make it through the front door. Deep down, she knew that she was being irrational and stupid.
But it was the words "adult only" that drew her like a moth drawn to a flame.
*** 3. Dr. Sorensen ***
The wide double door opened a sliver and Kathy poked her head into the grand entrance hall. Tall white columns and a shiny marble floor. Mostly empty and her son nowhere in sight. That was good. Tall staff members in dark suits with grim attitudes were less good. She slipped inside and beelined for the open set of doors that had a red carpet laid out in front of it and a metal signpost next to it, reading "Dr. Sorensen," and another sign next to it, "Absolutely no photography, violators will be prosecuted" along with a crossed out camera.
She just caught the tail end of people heading inside and sighed a breath of relief as nobody seemed to stop her from entering. She had half expected someone to point at her and cry out "there's an impostor, she's way too old!" but as it turned out, the two men in front of her were in their thirties.
The lecture hall, and it was one just like she remembered from college, seated about two-hundred people but there had to be at least three-hundred people there. She quickly scanned the crowd for her son and spotted his group in the third row on the other side of the room, which was fortunate.
With that priority covered, she drank in the rest of the hall. The aisles were crammed and the walls nearly disappeared behind all the standing men and women. At the front of the hall was a carpeted podium upon which stood a wooden lectern. She sidled up to a group of women that had to be in their early twenties. They all looked her up and down as if they knew she was out of place but they didn't say anything.
As much as the location reminded her of her own college days, the atmosphere was completely different. For starters, the people seemed to want to be there and the air of excitement was undeniable.
An almost invisible door recessed into the wood paneling on the side of the podium opened and a woman stepped onto the stage. If it was Dr. Sorensen, she was much younger than Kathy had expected.
Hearing the words "doctor" and "sex therapist," Kathy had pictured a stuffy old woman but the blonde who calmly and confidently approached the lectern couldn't couldn't have been much older than thirty. Her hair was tied into a long braid and she wore a white lab coat. She picked up a remote control that had been lying on the lectern and pointed it at the back of the room.
The lights on the ceiling dimmed and automated blinds descended over the windows. Peabody Hall plunged into a dim, almost romantic, atmosphere. Kathy looked around and nobody had laptops or even notebooks out. Everyone's eyes were glued on the woman.
A spotlight flickered on, highlighting Dr. Sorensen as the most important person in the room.
"Good evening, everyone. I am delighted to see so many faces in my lecture," she spoke and her voice carried through an invisible speaker system all around the room. Her accent was strange, definitely something Scandinavian, though Kathy couldn't pinpoint it exactly.
"My name is Dr. Inge Sorensen and I specialize in sex therapy and couples therapy. One of the questions I get asked the most is: How do we spice things up in the bedroom? Tonight, I hope to enlighten your minds on exactly that problem."
So it was a sex thing, Kathy thought, grinning. Her son was there because he was hoping to pick up a couple of tricks for getting laid more often. Typical.
"Unfortunately," Dr. Sorensen resumed in clear and precise words, "it is not a question that has an answer. It is not, in fact, a question at all. It is merely a distraction from understanding the true nature of satisfying sex. Within every one of us," she said and underlined her point by gesturing across the audience, "lies the raw energy that brings us all together. The force that keeps the world turning. It is a force of good. Of happiness and pleasure. I can teach you how to accept that energy."
It was not what Kathy had been expecting but she had to admit, the woman had a captivating way of speaking.
"The greatest misconception I have encountered during my career is that men and women are fundamentally different when it comes to their needs. That men are animals, willing to copulate with anything that moves." There were chuckles from the audience. Mostly from the guys. "Why should that be any different for women? Tell me by show of hand, how many of the women in the audience are willing to admit to their sexual urges?"
There were a few women that hesitantly raised their hand, looking left and right to see if anyone was laughing. There was one woman, gorgeous and in her thirties, that raised two hands. Kathy raised neither, despite being reminded of the fire inside of her even at that moment.
"I am disappointed," Dr. Sorensen said, though she sounded like it was exactly the result she had expected. "I will ask this question again at the end of the lecture and then we shall see whether or not my demonstration has been a success."
After that, things got less interesting. Dr. Sorensen talked about two of her cases, in both of which the woman had been hesitant in the bedroom. She also briefly brought up nymphomania and how it different from natural urges. It wasn't anything Kathy hadn't heard already from talk shows and conversations with her friends. The talk was definitely aimed at a younger crowd, not someone almost in her forties.
Eyeing the exit, Kathy considered if it was possible to sneak out without getting noticed. One of the broad-chest staff members stood in front of the exit like a guard. They definitely weren't locked in but if she stood up to leave, it could cause a commotion. She sighed.
Then Dr. Sorensen wrapped up her anecdote and the atmosphere in the room changes noticeably. There was chatter from the crowd. Kelly focused her attention back on the young lecturer, who was scanning the crowd with eagle eyes.
"And now I would like to demonstrate these principles. Seeing is better than believing, after all," Dr. Sorensen announced.
That heightened the buzz of the audience even further. The woman beside her started to whisper and giggle. People shifted to the edge of their seats. Those who were standing stood taller.
"I should like a volunteer."
At once, Peabody Hall exploded as all the guys sprang into motion. They jumped up and down, waving their arms, and shouted loudly. It was pure pandemonium. Even the staff member at the door was rocking on his feet as if he had a mind to join in. On the other side of the hall, Kathy saw her son's emerald green forearms go up in the air higher than anyone else's.
Dr. Sorensen coolly contemplated the scene for a few moments, before raising her arm and pointing at someone. "You there, in the green sweatshirt."
A loud groan erupted simultaneously from hundreds of guys. The chaotic energy dispersed, settling into a general depression. Men slouched against the wall and sank back into their seats. Everyone except for Jensen, who stood there with a wide grin on his face.
The butterflies in Kathy's stomach felt like a bad omen. What was the coincidence that out of all those people, her son was the one that got picked on the same day that she had decided to sneak in? As Jensen made his way to the front of the room, one thing was clear. If she tried to leave now, he would surely spot her. She cursed herself and her curiosity.
For better or worse, she was stuck watching whatever was about to happen.
*** 4. The Volunteer ***
"What is your name, young man?" Dr. Sorensen inquired, handing a microphone to Jensen.
"Jensen," he replied. If he was at all nervous, he didn't show. Kathy was proud of the way he carried himself on stage.
"How old are you?"
"Nineteen."
"And you are single?"
That was an oddly personal question, Kathy mused.
"Yes."
"And do you prefer men or women?" Dr. Sorensen continued her unconventional line of questioning.
"Women, for sure," Jensen replied, grinning.
"A perfect candidate! Tell me, Jensen, are you willing to try something new today?"
"Absolutely."
"Wonderful. Then I will place this blindfold around your head," she said, walked to the lectern, and picked up a black piece of cloth. She returned to Jensen and proceeded to tie the six-inch wide band over his face. It reached from the tip of his nose to the middle of his forehead. "Can you see anything? Look up at the spotlight."
Jensen turned his head. "I can see where the light is through the holes."
"That is a two-thousand watt spotlight. If that is all you can determine, it is more than sufficient."
"I guess so."
"From now on, you will do exactly as I ask. If you are uncomfortable with any direction, please speak up. Do you understand, Jensen?"
"Yes," he replied, nodding eagerly.
"Wonderful!" Dr. Sorensen exclaimed and retrieved the microphone from his hands. She stuffed it in her coat pocket and turned back to face the crowd. "Now we will need a second volunteer. A woman, as this young man indicated."
The reaction was similar to the one before but in the opposite direction. Frightened faces sought comfort. The air went still. The entire group of women flanking Kathy took a collective step backward in apprehension. It was a fake apprehension, the one that women all around the world carefully practiced lest they have their honor called into question.
Unfortunately, Kathy didn't react in time and just at that moment, Dr. Sorensen saw her standing there, a full foot in front of the crowd — as if she had stepped forward. Their eyes locked and the butterflies in Kathy's stomach turned into big, angry dragons.
"You," Dr. Sorensen said, pointing right at her.
Kathy tried to take a step backward but a host of encouraging hands on her back pushed her back forward. "You got this!" and "You can do this!" came in supportive whispers.
Was it too late to just make a break for it? Kathy mulled the idea over while three hundred pairs of eyes were intensely scrutinizing her. Under that amount of pressure, her brain didn't seem to work right. Dr. Sorensen beckoned her closer.
Kath got angry at herself. She was a grown-ass woman and she couldn't ever remember a time in her life when she had been so afraid of a crowd. She prided herself on being a good public speaker. Why should this be any different? It wasn't like Jensen could see her.
She stomped toward the dais, drowning out her anxiety with stubbornness.
"Thank your volunteering," Dr. Sorensen said, handing her the microphone. "What is your name?"
Kathy clutched the metal rod like it was a lifesaver. The woman hadn't been lying about the intensity of the spotlight. It was shining right at her, glaring like the sun. By comparison, the rest of Peabody Hall was so dark that it was practically invisible.
"Yvonne," Kathy replied after a moment, masquerading her voice in a lower pitch.
The name was the name of the protagonist in the book she was reading. The speakers carried her voice through Peabody Hall, echoing off the walls. There was no reaction from Jensen. She contemplated just how many years she could shave off her own and get away with it. Nobody would believe her if she said twenties but perhaps early thirties could work.
"Do you know this young man?" Dr. Sorensen asked instead.
Kathy wanted to laugh. Did she know him? Intimately. She had given birth to him and watched him grow into a man. She knew him better than anyone else on the face of the planet. "Not at all," she replied.
"And do you know anyone by the name of Yvonne, Jensen?" Dr. Sorensen asked.
"No," Jensen said and, after realizing there was no microphone, shook his head emphatically.
"Are you single?" the doctor asked, turning back to Kathy.
"Yes," she said. It didn't feel much like a lie. Technically she was still married but it really wasn't something she'd call a relationship.
"When was the last time you had sex?"
The question came out of the left field. "Uh..." she stammered, wondering if she should tell the truth or lie again but without knowing what the woman was looking for, she settled on the truth. "Eighteen months ago."
There was a commiserating sigh from the audience.
"And when was the last time you had good sex?"
Kathy's shoulders dropped in defeat. "A lot longer than that."
At least Jensen had no idea that he was listening to his mother's sex life. As soon as the ordeal was over, Kathy vowed never to listen to curiosity again and double-vowed never to intrude on her son's life again. Karma had already punished her sufficiently.
"Have you ever had a one night stand?"
"Once, in college."
"How was it?"
"Okay, I guess."
"See, this is precisely what I am talking about," Dr. Sorensen said, facing the crowd and gesturing at Kathy. "Here is a beautiful woman who has been unsatisfied for two years. Two years! That is over seven hundred days. Think about that. And why? Can you answer that, Yvonne?"
"I don't know," Kathy said quietly.
"Let me tell you why. Because, like so many other women, you have not taken reign of your sexuality. Do you want to take back control of your womanhood, Yvonne."
"I suppose so?" Kathy asked hopefully.
"What is that supposed to mean? Yes or no."
"Yes?" Kathy answered quietly. It felt like she was losing control of the situation, if she had ever been in charge of it.
Dr. Sorensen turned to the crowd. "Tell me, do you want her to take control of her sex?"
There was a resounding "YES" from the crowd. The force of it nearly blew Kathy away.
"Once again, do you want to take control of your sex?"
"Yes," Kathy said louder this time and gulped.
"I cannot hear you," Dr. Sorensen feigned, using an annoying parental voice.
"Fine! Yes, I do," Kathy growled into the microphone, loud enough to feel the bass of the speakers blasting her answer through the hall.
"Excellent," Dr. Sorensen said with a smug smile on her face. "You have passed the first step in your journey. Tell me, do you think Jensen here is attractive?"
"Of course he is," she said immediately.
She had always known that he was a good looking young man, there was no reason not to admit that. She noticed the way he suddenly stood taller and puffed out his chest with pride. That would never have happened if he had known it was his dear mother giving him a compliment she had given him a hundred times before.
"Would you ever fuck him?" Dr. Sorensen asked without missing a beat.
Kathy gulped. She knew the answer to that question, of course. She wanted to scream it out loud: no, absolutely not. But she couldn't. It would crush Jensen's self-esteem. She took a deep breath and said the only thing that she could say in her situation.
"Yes, I would."
"So why have you not done it in eighteen months?"
"Because he's my son, duh!" she nearly blurted out. Instead, she settled for, "It's complicated."
"Nonsense. Jensen, tell me, do you think this woman in front of you is attractive?" she asked, yanking the microphone out of Kathy's hand.
"I don't know. I suppose so. Yeah," Jensen answered.
"Would you fuck her?"
"Hell yeah," Jensen roared and the audience erupted in laughter.
"See?" Dr. Sorensen rounded on Kathy, returning the mic. "That is a lesson women can learn. This young man does not know anything about you. He does not know how old you are or your figure. It is not important to him. Is it important to you?"
Jensen shook his head.
"So why should it be important for you, Yvonne?"
"I don't know," she muttered.
"Are you afraid of sex?"
"No, that's ridiculous."
"Do you like sex?"
"Of course I do. With the right partner."
"You have already admitted that you would sleep with him."
Kathy winced. She had. The devilish woman had tricked her. "It's not that easy," she pleaded.
*** 5. Let It All Out ***
"Now do you see what I have to deal with?" Dr. Sorensen said, turning toward the crowd. "We have two human beings who both consider the other person attractive. He is willing, she admits she would have intercourse yet she is not willing. What is stopping her?"
Kathy breathed a little sigh of relief. It appeared to finally be over. She had played the perfect fool, a spinster old woman who was so uptight she couldn't enjoy herself. It rankled her because that was one of the insults Robert had thrown at her shortly before moving out. "You got cobwebs sewing your cunt shut" were the exact words he had used.
"It is society that is repressing her from fulfilling her desire. There are many women who are just as hungry for sex as men are. There are men who desire romance and candles. But these are not rules. Everyone, man or woman, is capable of animalistic acts of passion and enjoy it. It is not something one should repress."
None of the people in the audience had a single clue. If it was anyone but her son, it wouldn't be an issue at all. The only saving grace was that at least Jensen was unaware of the complete humiliation.
"What if I just like the romantic stuff?" Kathy challenged Dr. Sorensen.
Almost as if she had expected it, Dr. Sorensen turned to look at her. "Would you please come over here?" she asked, gesturing to the front of the dais.
Regretting speaking up, Kathy shuffled forward. If she hadn't said anything, the woman might have just prattled on and forgotten about her. The intense light of the spotlight made sweat bead on her forehead.
"Close your eyes."
"Do I have to?" Kathy asked, disliking sounding like a sullen child.
"Humor me."
Kathy sighed and closed her eyes. The light was still visible, a vague red presence in the darkness. She felt its heat on her face.
"Now, surely you have fantasies, right?"
"Sure," she said and immediately Andre's muscular body appeared in her mind's eye.
"I want you to picture this hypothetical paramour."
"Okay."
"Really picture him. Just the two of you, alone together in a warm bed or on a leisurely stroll."
They were at the beach. The warmth of the spotlight reminded her of the blazing hot August sun, bearing down on her naked body. Andre laid next to her in the warm sand. His perfect, tanned body stretched out.
The urgent need from earlier in the day used that opportunity to ambush her once again. She shuffled her feet, trying to push back the wetness. Why couldn't she have just finished masturbating and none of it would have been a problem? If she hadn't been so horny in the first place, she likely never even would have snuck into Peabody Hall.
Andre's arms materialized around her. His powerful bicep and barrel chest encircled her. His firm hands cupped her breasts, managing to fit one into each as if they had been made for it. He gently but firmly squeezed them.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," she moaned. It felt so good to be touched like that.
Something was wrong. Her moan was louder than usual. Much, much, much louder.
Kathy snapped back to reality. She was in Peabody Hall, not on the beach. Andre was a figment of her imagination yet there were definitely real hands on her tits.
It was like someone emptied a bucket of ice-cold water over her head.
Her eyes snapped open and were immediately blinded. She pushed Jensen's hands away. Jensen! Her own son had just grabbed her breasts. She whirled around to explode in a tirade of fury but stopped halfway, where she was met by Dr. Sorensen.
"That looked like it felt great," Dr. Sorensen said.
"No—what—I—that—why—uh—" Kathy spluttered.
"Yvonne, everyone heard that moan. That is the sound of your body, pleading your brain to let go of all your fear and anxiety. Do you not hear it begging?"
"It's—but—um—uh—"
Dr. Sorensen reached for Jensen's wrist. She raised his right arm and placed his hand on her right breast.
Kathy shuddered as Jensen started to knead again. Why did it feel so good? She knew it was wrong on every level. He was her son. They were on a stage. She did not want it. But her body screamed louder than all the speakers in the world that it felt good.
With a gentle nudge, Dr. Sorensen guided Jensen's hand to the buttons of her blouse. He quickly undid two buttons before slipping underneath the fabric. His fingertips were so smooth as they grazed her abdomen.
Kathy squeezed her eyes shut again.
The bra offered more resistance than she did and yet it didn't slow him down in the least. His palm dragged over her stiff nipple and goosebumps rose all over her body. Her arms shot up in one last attempt at batting away his arm but she might as well have been trying to budge a steel wall.
"What is it like?" Dr. Sorensen asked.
Kathy tried to open her mouth to protest but the only noise that escaped was another unbidden moan. Not that it made a difference anyway. At some point, she must have let go of the microphone without even being aware of it.
"It's incredible. She has amazing tits," Jensen's answer carried through Peabody Hall.
"You are doing absolutely wonderful, Yvonne," Dr. Sorensen said in a quiet, calm voice with her breath tickling Kathy's ear. "Nobody here knows who you are. You will never meet this young man again. There is nothing for you to fear. You can just let go of everything. Let go of all your problems. Embrace your destiny. And please let us know if you want to stop."
Kathy wanted to scream "stop" but just at that moment, Jensen squeezed her nipple. He rolled it between his thumb and forefinger. His touch was like fire. "Hnghh," she groaned.
"Very well then," Dr. Sorensen laughed. "I must admit, I did not expect such a strongly positive response. Ladies and gentlemen, this is what two years of frustration looks like. She is trapped in a prison of her own creation but freedom is within grasp. She is yearning to be free. Shall we help her?"
There was a loud roar of approval, reminding Kathy of exactly where she was. She had never felt more helpless in her entire life. If Jensen hadn't had his arm around her, she wasn't even sure if she could stand. What was happening to her?
Someone, she didn't know or care who, unbuttoned her jeans. She wore plain white panties underneath, not having the least expectation that anybody would see them that day. Let alone three hundred people.
A swift tug and her bottom was exposed. Cool air brushed over most sensitive region. She opened her eyes a little bit, just enough to confirm that she still was where she thought she was. In Peabody Hall. With her panties around her knees.
Jensen's fingers brushed over her patch of pubic hair. She felt how eager he was. How hungry for her body. It had been years since she had felt anyone touch her like that. It was the intensity of youth, unburdened by marriage. He went straight for her vagina.
Her son's finger slipped between her labia, plunging into her wet pussy. Her stomach lurched and she felt woozy. Another finger joined the first one. Intentional or not, his palm rubbed across the hood of her clit.
The realization rolled through her body like a tidal wave. Her own son was fingering her in front of an entire crowd of people. A different wave followed, one of pure pleasure. Gratitude at how sexy he made her feel.
The feelings alternated like the tide. Shame. Sexy. Disgust. Lust. Fear. Desire. Jensen squeezed her nipple and bent the two fingers he had inside of her into a hook. Through sheer luck, he rubbed exactly that one spot inside of her that always drove her crazy.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she groaned. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh......"
"Let it all out, Yvonne. This is who you are. Take control of your sexual being," Dr. Sorensen encouraged her. If it hadn't been for the speakers, Kathy might never have heard her.
Why couldn't she? What did it matter at that point?
"Ohhhhhhhh yesssss," she roared, as a wave of shame ebbed and a tidal wave of ecstasy arrived.
For a little while, Kathy was completely unaware of where she was, who she was, and who was fingering her. She rode on top of an orgasmic wave, trying to hold on for as long as possible.
*** 6. Take What's Yours ***
The sound of applause guided her back to consciousness. She knelt on the surprisingly soft carpet of the dais in Peabody Hall. Underneath the blinding spotlight, she could make out the silhouettes of people standing and applauding.
She looked down and realized her jeans had drifted all the way down to her ankles. Her legs were spread apart. The pubic hair was matted and her labia seemed to wink at her repeatedly. Her blouse was missing three buttons and the bra only covered one boob. She sucked in deep breaths.
She looked up and saw Dr. Sorensen beaming down at her, looking like a proud parent. She craned her head even further up and saw Jensen towering over her. He still had a blindfold tightly bound over his face.
That was her son.
Without the fog of horniness blinding her, she realized at last what had just happened. She had let her son finger her. A wave of revulsion overcame her. What kind of mother was she? The worst kind.
She could still feel his strong arms supporting her. The gentleness with which he had fondled her. The hunger with which he had fingered her. Part of her broke inside, realizing how great it had felt.
At least Jensen had no idea what he was doing. He had no idea he had just touched his mom's vagina. She was the monster who hadn't said anything.
"I think we can do better," Dr. Sorensen announced.
Out of the pocket of her white lab coat, Dr. Sorensen procured a small, square sachet with jagged edges. The color drained from Kathy's face at the sight of the condom packet. Seemingly in slow motion, Dr. Sorensen tore it open and pulled out a round latex prophylactic.
"Oh God," Kathy muttered, unable to take her eyes off of the condom.
"Jensen, would you please prepare for the next phase?"
Without hesitation, Jensen unzipped his pants. There was a very noticeable bulge that Kathy tried her best not to even consider. He reached into his fly and tried to pull out whatever it was he was that was in there but it didn't seem to work.
In the end, he just unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants to the ground. The gray boxer-briefs were stretched nearly to their breaking point. No sooner did he push the elastic band over the threshold than his cock sprang free.
And what a cock it was. Thick. Six and a half inches long. Uncircumcised. That had been her choice, against Robert's wishes. Looking at it now, she knew that she had made the right choice. It was perfect.
A condom entered her view, held by perfectly manicured fingers. She reached for it with trembling hands. It was a motion she had performed many times in her life, though she had never been as nervous as she was then.
She placed the condom on the tip of his penis and unrolled it an inch over his glans. She felt the warmth of it. The rush of blood just underneath the surface. She closed her hand around his shaft and slid her fist toward the base.
It was so big. Bigger than Robert. Bigger than every guy she had ever been with. It throbbed underneath her touch.
Once her task was done and the beast contained behind a silicone barrier, she just stared at it. At the set of balls dangling at the end. He had trimmed his pubic hair recently, probably just for the occasion.
Dr. Sorensen's hooked under Kathy's elbow and pulled her to her feet. She leaned in close and said, "Take what is yours, Yvonne."
Jensen was hers but on a completely different level. She looked at the blindfold around her son's face, down to his magnificent cock, and back up at his face. It didn't make sense for her son to have something like that between his legs. It didn't seem real.
She turned around and squinted enough to block out the spotlight. Not a single sound was audible from all those people and it almost felt like they might not even have been there. She saw their silhouettes though. Jensen's friends were in that crowd.
But they had already seen him finger her. They had seen her pussy. Everyone had.
And yet, nobody knew they were mother and son. She had never actually met Jensen's friends. And her son was blindfolded. He had no idea that he had been taking advantage of his mother. He didn't feel that same sense of disgust. To him, she was just a horny stranger. He would never know that it was his slut of a mother who had happily let him finger her.
He would never know.
She repeated that over and over inside of her.
*** 7. Point of No Return ***
Kathy reached behind herself and gripped Jensen's cock. She knew that it was wrong. She knew that it wasn't too late. There was nobody making her do this. The hard dick was poking her in the lower back. If she didn't actively do something, nothing could happen.
No, there was only one way it could go down. She had to intervene. She had to physically push his penis down enough to straddle it.
It would be the easiest thing in the world not to do any of those things.
The tip of Jensen's cock pressed against her entrance. Kathy told herself that it wasn't that bad. She could squeeze her legs shut and not let him in.
It wasn't too late.
But then it was.
All the strength she had dedicated to fighting herself left her in an instant. She slumped backward against her son's firm chest. She smashed the last wall she had built for herself.
Jensen's thick cock pushed into her vagina, filling her in a way she had never felt before. It sank in slowly but surely, an unstoppable force splitting her apart. His hands held her waist.
"Oh fuck that's good," she rasped.
"Wow, you're tight," Jensen said at the same time.
Kathy melted into him. She grabbed his wrists and moved them up to her tits, pushing the bra up to give him full access. He was only too happy to play with them. It was difficult to move up and down, her knees were too much like jelly, so she shimmied her hips from side to side, feeling that massive cock inside of her respond to her movement.
A roaring fire burned inside of her. Juices tickled her inner thigh. Jensen's strength supported her. He played with her nipples far too gently and she grabbed his hands to wordlessly communicate that she needed more. He got the hint.
"Oh yeah... that's good... that's perfect..."
Kathy opened her eyes, squinting at the crowd again. It was hard to believe what she was doing. She looked down and wished she could see his cock entering her. He added his own hip thrusts to her grinding, nearly lifting her off her feet.
Part of her was jealous of the people in the audience. She wished she could see what she looked like. Completely debasing herself on the stage. Fucking her own son, though nobody was aware of it. She contemplated screaming it out loud.
When she opened her mouth, all that came out were breaths of passion.
The second orgasm was even more powerful than the first. She threw up her arms and wrapped them around Jensen's neck, clinging to him like a captain tied to the mast. He felt the change and reacted wonderfully, moving his right hand off her breast to ripple across her clit. He pressed three fingers above her vagina and started to rub circles.
"Oh, oh, ohhhh, yeah, oh yeah," Kathy moaned.
She writhed up against him with her leg trembling. He stopped rubbing her clit and stopped thrusting while he waited for her to recover, only gently playing with her nipple. She both hated it when he pulled his cock out of her and was grateful the overwhelming sensation inside of her eased up.
It had been an experience of a lifetime, she was sure of that. It wasn't something she had ever considered before but fucking Jensen had been one of the best things she had ever done as long as he never found out. To him it was just a wild one night stand that he'd talk about with his friends over drinks. Friends that she would avoid ever meeting.
Still tipsy from her climax, more jelly than human, Kathy tried to turn around to look at her wonderful son. That's when it happened.
Mid-turn, her thumb got hooked in the top of the blindfold. She tried to stop but her arm didn't seem to want to obey her. The black cloth slipped down an inch just as adrenaline surged. She tried to yank her hand away but all she accomplished was loosening the knot in the back.
The detached fabric slipped over his nose and down to his throat. Her heart stopped.
Jensen's beautiful blue eyes went wide. Panic bubbled up inside of her. His gaze flickered from her face down to her body and back up. The color drained from him.
"MO--"
She did the only thing she could think of. She lunged forward, on the tips of her toes, and pressed her mouth on his, preventing him from finishing his terrified yell.
His lips were warm and soft. His firm chest felt great to lean against. She started to kiss him for real but he was too stunned to react. Her heart still hadn't resumed beating. She was worried that it was broken. His surely would be. She pulled her head away.
Jensen took a step back and stumbled over his own jeans, which were still around his ankles. He grabbed the only thing in reach, which turned out to be Kathy and the two of them tumbled to the ground.
"Oof," Jensen grunted as the collision knocked the wind out of him.
"I'm so sorry," Kathy said quickly in a whisper. "Please be quiet. You can be mad at me later but you can't say anything now."
"Is everything alright?" Dr. Sorensen asked, leaning in.
"Yes, everything's fine," Kathy said. "We just stumbled, that's all."
"Jensen, you look like something is amiss."
Jensen blinked at her and turned to look at his mother. She realized that she was still straddling him. Her hair was a disheveled mess. Sweat coated her forehead. Her wet thighs had pushed up his sweatshirt and smeared his waist with her juices. Her burning hot vulva pressed up against his trimmed patch of pubic hair. His cock was wedged between her ass cheeks, though the erection had subsided significantly.
"Jensen?" Dr. Sorensen inquired a second time.
Kathy grimaced and mouthed the word "please" over and over wordlessly.
"You..." he turned to Dr. Sorensen instead. "She was able to see me the entire time?"
"Yes. Only you were blindfolded."
Jensen looked at Kathy again. She saw him connecting the dots. She had known who he was from the start. She had plenty of choices along the way to do something and she didn't. She had gone along with everything, including fucking him, knowing full well that she was a sick, depraved whore.
She held her breath, waiting for any kind of reaction. There wasn't one... on his face at least. She felt something shift at her butt. He was getting hard again. It was her turn to look surprised.
Jensen promptly grabbed her by the waist and pushed her up as if she didn't weigh a thing. Between halfway deflating and growing again, the condom had ridden halfway up his member. Thicker now, still wedged between her cheeks, the friction pulled the condom as he lifted her.
The unprotected glans slid across her sphincter and through her lips. When it reached her entrance, Jensen grinned something wicked. He rammed her down on his shaft, bucking his hips to thrust upward.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh," Kathy rasped, rolling her head back.
After two orgasms, her pussy was way too sensitive for that kind of treatment. Each powerful thrust felt like a jolt of lightning surging through her body.
"Ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh, my, ohhhhhhhhhhhh," she roared.
His hands slipped lower to squeeze her ass cheeks, hard. He used his grip as leverage, slamming her down on his steel rod. His face was contorted in a mix of anger, joy, and hard labor. He concentrated on only one thing and that was fucking her as if his life depended on it.
"Oh my, oh my, oh my," Kathy panted.
She collapsed forward, unable to hold herself up any longer. She landed with her face on his shoulder. It only barely slowed him down. His ragged breathing was loud in her ear.
"Ohhhhhhhhhh," she groaned and her decadent noises only seemed to spur him on. "You... have.. such... great... cock."
Shortly after she moaned the word "cock," Jensen tensed up. He stopped thrusting and tightly pressed her pussy down on his shaft. She felt it throb inside her. Felt it go extra hard and pulsate as he blew his load deep inside of her.
Kathy wanted to laugh with joy. Then she realized that nothing was stopping her and she did it. Underneath her, Jensen slumped down on the carpet and the tension left his body.
*** 8. Thank You ***
"How are you feeling, Yvonne?" Dr. Sorensen asked, holding the microphone down near Kathy's head.
The two of them still laid on the carpet, her on top of him. His cock had slipped out of her and his seed was still oozing out of her vagina. She made sure to keep her legs spread open to give everyone in the audience a good view of it.
"Wonderful. Just... wonderful," she murmured.
"You are alright with how things have happened? It was not our intention for the blindfold to come loose and of this matter with the unprotected --"
"No, no, it's alright," Kathy laughed elatedly. She raised her head and looked Jensen in the eyes. "I'm glad that he knows. He made me feel special in an incredibly amazing way. In my entire life, I've never had sex that felt so good. I've never had anyone touch me with so much desire. I want you to know that, Jensen. Whatever happens, I want you to know that."
"Well, that is quite a chance, is it not?" Dr. Sorensen said with a note of surprise in her voice. "Do you feel as strongly about this, Jensen?"
Jensen looked up at his mother and contemplated his answer for a minute. "I'm still a little surprised that my... that someone like her would be into me."
"Did she live up to the image you had in your imagination?"
"No, she's way better," he said and grinned.
Kathy felt so overcome with gratitude, she leaned in and kissed him again. That time, he was ready and his lips met hers with an equal show of gratefulness.
"There you have it," Dr. Sorensen said, straightening up and leaving the two of them to passionately make out on the ground. "I could not have asked for a clearer example. Now seems like a good time to ask this once more. Tell me, by a show of hands, how many of the women in the audience are willing to accept their sexual urges?"
The response was deafening. Everyone in the audience, men and women, cheered loudly. Dr. Sorensen nodded and smiled to herself, happy with the response.
Kathy barely noticed it. She couldn't get enough of her son's sweet lips. He was so playful and eager to show her how much he knew. She wanted to get to know a completely new side of her son.
She reached between her legs and slipped two fingers inside. Warm cum coated her fingers. She scooped some of it out and used it to rub her clit. Each touch was a mix of pain and pleasure.
Dr. Sorensen spoke for a few more minutes but it was obvious that the crowd was far more interested in the couple than her speech. If Kathy had been able to turn attention away from her son and the spotlight had been off, she might have been able to see a number of couples in the audience having an experience of their own.
"Thank you all for being here tonight, it has been the utmost pleasure," Dr. Sorensen concluded.
There was loud applause and the doctor picked up the remote. The bright spotlight turned off and the ceiling lights turned on. She walked over to the couple on the ground and tapped Kathy on the shoulder.
Everything felt like a trance to Kathy. Everyone in the room was looking at her and she knew it should have been weird to be naked but it wasn't. Was there anything left for her be ashamed about? Probably but she didn't care.
Pulling the strewn about clothes back on felt like sacrilege. She was sticky and the fabric was rough on her skin. She wanted to dance around naked, not stuff her cum-dripping pussy into skinny jeans.
Yet they both knew the show was over. The magical spell of the spotlight was long broken. People were leaving. Dr. Sorensen was off the dais, surrounded by a throng of women who were chattering eagerly. They kept shooting glances at Kathy.
Jensen was pensive as they descended the stairs down from Peabody Hall. The sky was dark and electric lanterns lit their path. They held hands, like young lovers.
What was going to happen now? Kathy wondered. She saw her car up ahead. Would they just get in and drive off? Pretend nothing had happened? What if he changed his mind?
In the cold of the evening, shame set in. Jensen even let go of her hand. He must have felt it, too. They were mother and son. They just had sex. It was unthinkable. Unforgivable. She walked five steps before realizing that her son hadn't moved.
"Mom?" he asked quietly. His expression mirrored all of her thoughts.
"Jensen," she said quietly, approaching him.
"Did that really happen?" he asked and swallowed the lump in his throat.
"It doesn't have to. It was like Dr. Sorensen said. Just anonymous sex, nothing else. Your mother was never even here."
"Is that what you want?" he asked.
"I just want you to be happy," she said and tears welled up in her eyes. It took all of her strength not to start bawling.
"I was pretty happy while having sex with you."
It took a few moments for Kathy to realize what he had just said. When she did, the tears really did come. She threw her arms around her son's torso and hugged him tightly.
"I'm so sorry about doing that you," she mewled. "I didn't mean for any of it to happen, I really didn't. It just happened and I couldn't stop it."
"You... accidentally had sex with me?"
"Shut up."
"Tripped and fell on my dick?"
"Hey, I'm still your mother, you know."
Jensen chuckled. He squeezed her ass.
"You're really not mad?" Kathy asked, looking up at him. She blinked tears out of her eyes.
"I don't know. Honestly, I'm still processing the whole thing."
"We should probably go, then. I can drive you back to your dorm. If you want."
"Sure."
They made their way to Kathy's car. She unlocked it and got in the driver's side. He squeezed into the passenger side. He was looking at her differently than he used to. Actually, he was checking her out.
Her son was checking out her tits.
Kathy's hands trembled and she missed the keyhole several times. After the third attempt, she gave up. She tossed the key to the ground and fumbled at the buttons of her jeans.
"What are you doing?" Jensen asked.
There was no time to explain. She raised her hips and pushed her pants, including panties, down. She clamored over the center console, using the opportunity to kick off the jeans. Her hands made quick work of Jensen's pant buttons. He wasn't wearing his underwear, fortunately.
That wonderful cock rose to greet her. She was torn between taking it in her mouth and giving him the best blowjob he had ever had and fucking him, but she had taken off her pants for a reason. She straddled him, kneeling on the car seat, and guided his growing erection inside of her.
"I'm sorry, I tripped again," she pouted.
The car in the parking lot of Peabody Hall rocked with the rhythm of their gentle lovemaking. It was different than in front of the crowd. Slower. More sensual. They were facing one another, supplementing intercourse with kisses and nibbles.
It was a long time after all the other cars had already left that Kathy and her son Jensen had their fill.
"What happens now?" Jensen asked, cradling his mother's naked body.
"I don't know. I'm going to drop you off at your dorm. All your friends will think you're a sex god. I'm going to drive back home. I need a shower."
"There's a shower in my room."
"Nobody can ever see us together, Jensen," Kathy said wistfully. "You understand that, right? I'm your mother. I won't be able to meet your friends."
"They've never met Kathy. They only know about Yvonne."
"What do you mean?"
"There's nothing stopping you from being Yvonne. You can be my girlfriend."
"It's not that easy."
"Why not?"
"Because... because... I'm almost forty years old. I can't hang out in a dorm and pretend like I'm... down with the hipness."
"Nobody's expecting you to. You're a MILF," he said and nibbled at her ear. "You can show up in an evening gown and turn all the guys' heads and make them jealous while they listen to your moans."
"Jensen... it's not that easy."
"What about all the stuff that Dr. Sorensen said? About not being ashamed of owning your urges?"
"Yeah, she had no idea I'm your mother."
"Oh God, you really are, aren't you?"
"Yes," she sighed.
Jensen shook his head. "At least stay over tonight. It's getting late."
"I suppose one night couldn't hurt."
"Good. That way we can have one more time today."
"We can have sex tomorrow."
"Yeah, but if all of this turns out to be a really long, weird dream, I want to cum inside my mother one more time before I wake up."
A pleasant tickle raced up Kathy's spine. She wanted to feel that, too. It was by far the naughtiest thing she had ever admitted to herself but she knew without a doubt that she would do anything her son asked her if it meant being able to keep fucking that wonderful cock.
She would move into his dorm room and be his MILF lover, screaming her lungs out in a world where nothing mattered except pleasure, love, and family.