The second task had turned up better for Cassie than the Jacksons.
They had tried to win points with Mrs. Jackson's grandfather by making Cassie strip as a birthday present for him. Instead they had provided her a building full of new friends and admirers.
What's more because of a favor she did for JB's best friend Archie, Cassie had been given the means to buy her first car.
However despite how well the second task of six had turned out Cassie knew the Jacksons were undoubtedly plotting something else to torment her. And she was correct.
Monday evening Cassie was studying in her room when Madeline Jackson called. So with a heavy heart Cassie picked up the phone.
"Cassie, dear, how great to hear you voice," Mrs. Jackson said hypocritically. "Doug and I were hoping you could drop by tomorrow for a chat."
Knowing she didn't have the option of refusing Cassie agreed to come by after school.
Usually Tuesdays at college crawled by for the students, but for Cassie the day went by in blur. All to soon she found herself standing on the porch of a house she had come to loathe.
Mr. Jackson answered her knock. Before inviting her inside he paused in the doorway and carefully surveyed her body. Only after subjecting Cassie to this embarrassing examination did he step aside and motion her inside. As she entered he reached his arm out and slapped her ass.
Slapping his hand away she said furiously, "There's only so far I'm prepared to go to keep those pictures and videos secret and you're pushing the limit. Keep you hands to yourself, mister."
Any retort on his part was quashed by Mrs. Jackson walking into the room. Sensing the tension she asked if there was anything she ought to know about.
Her husband quickly said that it was all a misunderstanding.
Cassie neither confirmed or denied what he said. However she suspected he would be in for a detailed cross-examination after she left.
Pressing on, Mrs. Jackson invited Cassie to take a seat in the living room. Cassie choose an armchair to ensure Mr. Jackson would have to keep his distance.
"Dear," Mrs. Jackson began. "Friday the three of us are going to the Beef Barn restaurant for dinner. Won't that be fun."
Cassie was thinking that place is rumored to be very expensive. Why would they invite me there.
As if reading her mind, Mrs. Jackson continued, "However it's a very expensive restaurant and we really can't afford to eat there. Therefore you'll be treating us to dinner.
"WHAT?!," Cassie exclaimed.
"Yes, dear, you'll be treating us to dinner at the Beef Barn."
"I don't have any money," she protested. They didn't know that Archie had bequeathed her a check for $10,000.00 which she was keeping in her locked desk at home.
"Oh, silly girl, we don't expect you to pay for our dinner. We expect you to get naked and cause such a scene that they throw us out. After dinner of course."
"You want me to strip naked in a crowded restaurant and get the management to throw us all out without charging us?" Cassie asked uncertainly.
Turning to her husband, Mrs. Jackson said, "See, dear. I told you she would understand and you thought she might say no. Especially not when she wants to keep our little secret to ourselves."
"Do you have any suggestions how I'm supposed to get naked short of doing a striptease act and at the same time avoid being arrested? Not to mention at the same time create such a scene so, so, so something that we'll all be thrown out?" Cassie asked. In Cassie's asking the Jacksons knew she would be doing it.
"Oh it won't be that much of a challenge. You only have to get us thrown out. You can stay and do dishes to pay for our meal if you prefer," Mr. Jackson said snidely.
"You'll figure something out, Cassie. I have faith in you. We'll pick you up around five o'clock. That should put us at the restaurant about six. You should have a nice crowd for your performance. Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite." And with that Cassie took her leave.
That night she didn't sleep at all. The next morning borrowed her mom's car and went over to the assisted living center where JB and her new friends lived.
Once in JB's room she told him what the Jacksons wanted her to do.
When she finished JB said, "So you're going to the Beef Barn. I may have an answer. Give me a day to see what I can arrange."
Following this discussion they talked about others things including JB's recommendations for what kind of car Cassie should buy. Just before lunch was served Cassie took her leave telling JB she'd be waiting for his call.
When she got home Thursday evening there was a message for her to call JB. Since she had the number in his room she dialed him direct.
"Please tell me you came up with a solution," she implored once he was on the line.
"When the three of you get there tomorrow night tell Madeline that you'll speak to the hostess. Tell her that you are the Buff party. She will know what to do. When the check is presented excuse yourself and go to the bathroom. Once inside take off your clothes and hide them in the trash can. That way even if someone walks in after you leave you'll know they'll still be there. Go back to the table and take your seat. The waitress will undoubtedly summon the manager and he'll throw the Jacksons out."
"But what about me," Cassie asked obviously concerned.
"It gets a little murky there, but everything will be okay in the end. I promise," JB replied. Then he added, "Do you trust me?"
"JB, I am so scared about this I just don't know what to do. Still I believe that while you might orchestrate some stunt like you did at Archie's funeral, you won't let anything bad happen to me. So yes, I'll trust you and do what you said. Thank you for your help."
"Don't thank me yet. You don't know how this is going to turn out," JB advised.
All day Friday Cassie was on pins and needles. She couldn't concentrate in school and flubbed the answer to a simple question in chemistry. Her instructor's remark to the effect that she needed a brain to go with her body didn't help.
She borrowed her mom's black dress to wear. She told her mom that she liked it's elegant simplicity. Truthfully she picked it because the open back design meant she couldn't wear a brasserie. That way there was one less article of clothing to remove when her big moment arrived and it avoided leaving bra marks on her skin. She might be going to end up naked tonight, but she wasn't going to be walking around the restaurant with lines in her skin.
After making that decision it struck her as hilarious the things to go through one's mind when in a stressful situation.
Adding to her anxiety the Jacksons were ten minutes late arriving at her house. Mr. Jackson came to the door to get her. After telling her mom good night she walked to car. When they reached the halfway point he reached down and patted her butt again.
Cassie whirled around, put her finger in his face, and said, "You touch me one more time and I'll break your fingers. And then I'll tell you wife the shit you're pulling."
Her warning that she would break his fingers didn't seem to bother him, but the threat to tell Mrs. Jackson shook him up. He quickly promised not to do it again.
The drive to the restaurant was quiet as everyone was occupied with their own thoughts.
When they arrived Cassie told Mrs. Jackson to let her out at the door and she would talk to the hostess while they parked the car.
Once inside the hostess walked up and welcomed her to the Beef Barn. Following JB's instructions Cassie introduced herself as part of the Buff party. The hostess nodded her understanding. When the Jacksons arrived the hostess escorted them around to the left and into a separate section.
The room was shaped somewhat like a baseball stadium. It featured a stage where home plate would be and the tables arranged in semi-circular rows in front of it. The tables were staggered so every other row was placed in the spaces between the next closer row to allow an open view of the stage. The back of the room was also circular and had a series of booths lining it.
Cassie's group was seated in the outermost row of tables, separated by an aisle from the booths.
The hostess told them Sandra would be their server and she would be with them in a minute.
Cassie was distressed to see that nearly every table and booth were occupied.
Sandra appeared shortly and took their drink order. The Jacksons each ordered drinks. Cassie asked for ice water.
When Sandra brought the drinks she recited the specials and ask what they wanted.
Mrs. Jackson ordered the filet mignon, cooked with just a hint of pink left; baked potatoes with sour cream and chives; and baby peas. When Sandra turned to Mr. Jackson, Mrs. Jackson said he'd have the same thing.
Cassie went with a simple salad with ranch dressing on the side. Her stomach was too tense to risk anything heavier.
Cassie's lack of desire to talk played into Mrs. Jackson's hands since she enjoyed the sound of her own voice.
When Sandra brought the check Cassie excused herself and made her way to the women's room. Stepping into one of the booths she steeled her nerves and did what JB had told her to do. She pulled the dress off over her head and hung it on the stall hook. Then she slid her thong down and pulled it off. Afterwards she rolled the dress up with the thong inside.
It took every ounce of her resolve, but when the room was empty she opened the stall door and stepped out. Determined to act before she lost her nerve, Cassie walked over to the trash receptacle. Then she pulled out several paper towels and made a layer in the receptacle, placed her clothes inside and covered them with another layer of paper towels.
When it was time to exit the bathroom and make her grand entrance Cassie discovered her legs were frozen. She couldn't do it. She just started to reach towards the trash can when the door opened and Sandra looked in. Cassie felt her heart stop.
Sandra looked her up and down. Cassie was afraid of what Sandra was going to do next. Would she demand to know what Cassie was doing? Would she scream something like 'you slut'? What was going to happen?
However Cassie never expected Sandra to give her a wink and mouth the word 'Showtime', but that's just what she did before holding the door open for Cassie.
Cassie immediately grasp that Sandra was in on it. JB had come through after all. Cassie still had to face a room full of people wearing nothing but pair of high heels, but at least she would have one ally in the room.
Sandra's motioning for her to come on gave Cassie just enough encouragement to enable her to get her legs moving. Once she was walking Cassie was able to keep going. Trembling with fear she made her way back to the table. When she arrived she gratefully took her seat since her knees were about to buckle.
In the area of the room where Cassie emerged every conversation died. As the customers took notice of the naked girl every eye in the place focused on her and the space the went completely quiet.
In the booth behind Cassie's table there was a family of four; father, mother and two girls about Cassie's age. One of the girls looked over at Cassie, studied her for a moment, and turned to her mother and said in a loud voice, "Mommy, her boobies are showing."
Her mother calmly replied, "Yes, dear, her breasts are exposed."
Then the girl observed at the same level of volume, "She had pretty boobies, doesn't she daddy?"
Her father who was trying to maintain his composure, nearly choked on the glass of tea he was sipping at that moment.
Despite the awkwardness of the situation his wife couldn't help grinning at his discomfort. Her mom answered for him, "Yes, honey. She has lovely breasts."
Her next comment brought laughter from everyone within earshot, "I wish I had boobies like hers so I show them off when we come here."
Her statement fractured the tension in the air and the room erupted with laughter.
To Cassie's surprise everyone went back to their dinners. People, especially men and kids, were still sneaking peeks at Cassie's body, but it wasn't wholesale staring like it had been moments before.
Apparently someone had summoned the manager, because he arrived within a couple of minutes.
"What is going on here," he demanded. Behind him Sandra mouthed the words 'I am a nudist'.
"I'm a nudist," Cassie stated.
"That's all fine, well, and good, but you can't be naked in here, young lady."
Glancing pass him to Sandra, Cassie saw her mouth 'free speech' and 'constitution'.
"It's a form of free speech and that is protected by the constitution," Cassie retorted.
"Do you want to be arrested," he asked Cassie directly.
"You wouldn't dare," she answered.
"Excuse me," a new voice interrupted. The speaker was a woman in her middle twenties. "I'm a police officer and may I be of assistance?."
The manager stated, "This young woman cannot be nude in this establishment whether she is a nudist or not. This is not a clothing optional business."
Turning to Cassie she instructed her to stand up. When Cassie got to her feet the woman brought out a pair of handcuffs and cuffed Cassie's wrists behind her back. Everyone was staring again. Most were concentrating on Cassie.
The manager turned to the Jacksons and demanded to know if they were part of this.
Mrs. Jackson answered, "Hell no. She's our house sitter and we brought her here tonight to thank her for watching our place while we were on vacation. We had no idea she would do something like this. To be frank we are appalled by her brazen behavior. We're really sorry, sir."
"Well, whether you knew about it or not I think you two should leave because she's going to jail and if you stay you're going with her," the manager stated.
The police officer took hold of Cassie's arm and asked the manager where his office was. He motioned towards the other side of the room. Tugging Cassie in that direction the cop said, "Young lady, you're coming we me."
As she was being lead away Cassie glanced back over her shoulder, Cassie saw the Jacksons leaving the restaurant smiling. Mr. Jackson spotted Cassie looking at them and pleading for help. He responded by blowing her a kiss good-bye.
One of the waitresses watched out the window and when the Jacksons were gone she signaled the manager who tapped the officer on the arm.
The three of them came to a stop and the manager said, "That went pretty well, I think."
A thoroughly confused Cassie said, "What went well?"
"You got naked. They got their dinners. Now they're convinced their evil plan worked." he answered.
"You knew about this?" Cassie inquired.
"The owner's mother is in the same place as your friend JB. The two of them got together and set this all up."
"But what about your customers? They're going to leave here and tell everyone what happened. It's probably going to mess up your business. I'm sorry you all had to get involved in my problem."
He replied with a smile, "Don't worry. The Sun Bear Nudist Club was glad to play along in exchange for a free dinner and show."
"So these people are all nudists?"
"That's right."
"Oh, thank heavens," Cassie exclaimed. "I was afraid I might have scarred some of these people for life coming out here naked."
Turning to the officer, Cassie asked, "So are you really a cop or just an actor?"
"Actually I really am a cop, but I work part time as security for Sun Bear events. They asked me to help and I told them I'd be glad to. After all how often does a cop get to put the cuffs on a beautiful naked woman in a room full of people?" she answered with a grin.
Cassie nodded her understanding. "Thank you. Could you remove the cuffs, please?"
"Well, that's a problem," she answered. "See if you're just going naked in public, that's not protected by the constitution because has been argued that it infringes on other peoples right not to be offended."
"But they're nudists. Me being naked shouldn't offend them," Cassie said.
"Be that as it may, the only way I can release you in good conscience is if you are a performer of some sort and this is part of your act."
"Not that you mention it," the manager interjected, "but the restaurant has lost money assisting in this ruse. As I understand it Cassie does have a singing business. Perhaps the audience would take up a collection if she were to put on her show."
"What kind of act does she have?" the officer asked.
"She sings Happy Birthday to people in her birthday suit."
"Well, she is undressed for the occasion. Let's see if anyone is having a birthday today."
Stepping up on the stage the manager picked up a mic and said, "Excuse me ladies and gentlemen. I apologize for interrupting your meal. We have with us a young lady who looking for someone she can sing Happy Birthday to this evening in exchange for donations. Is anyone here having a birthday today?"
One couple to his far right waved their arms and shouted that their son's birthday was today and they were there celebrating.
The manager waved them up to the stage. When they got there the mom said, "This is our son, Matthew."
"How old are you today, Matthew?" the manager asked.
"I'm eighteen," he answered blushing as he tried to avoid staring at Cassie.
"Well, Matthew, we have a young lady here who would like to sing Happy Birthday to you. Would that be alright with you?" as the manager pointed to the Cassie. Matthew shyly nodded his head.
The cuffs were unlocked and Cassie joined the manager on stage. A stool was brought out and Matthew was sat on it. Cassie put her left arm around his shoulders and began.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday to you.
Happy Birthday dear Matthew.
Happy Birthday to you.
Embarrassed, Matthew had clapped both his hands over his eyes while she was singing, but then spread his fingers to look at her.
"What do you want for your birthday, Matthew?" Cassie asked when she finished.
"A picture with you," he blurted out before turning bright red.
The audience roared with laughter.
"I think we can handle that, buddy," Cassie said with a smile.
The manager had Matthew stand up and Cassie took her place next to him. Matthew's father pulled out his cell phone and after commanding them to say 'cheese' snapped the picture.
After checking that the picture was good Cassie walked him back to his table.
Afterwards Cassie and the manager went to his office. Once inside Cassie told him where her clothes were and Sandra was asked to retrieved them.
While they were waiting for Sandra's return the manager asked Cassie was her plans were for getting home. She confessed she was winging her way through the evening and didn't have any idea.
Sandra had returned by this point and said that she would be glad to give Cassie a ride home, however she wasn't off duty till midnight.
"That should be okay. I'll just have ask my folks if I can get home late," Cassie said.
"Just tell them that you saw how short-handed we were and you volunteered to help in exchange for tips. Just say you figured it might be a way for you to get a job and and that you could use the money. They should accept that." Sandra offered.
Then she added, "But I have some bad news Cassie. While you were on stage Andy, our busboy, emptied the bathroom trash cans and your clothes are gone."
"You mean like they're in a dumpster, don't you?"
The manager answered that, "I'm afraid not. We use an automatic compactor. After the trash is dumped the compactor crushing everything together. Even if we could somehow find your clothes they would be ruined beyond repair. I'm sorry."
Out of the blue Sandra made a suggestion. "Hey, that gives me an idea. We're have a bachelor party getting started in room five. There's a band preparing to play, but their lead singer lost her voice. I noticed when you sang Happy Birthday that you actually have a good singing voice. Since you gonna to have to be here anyway would you be interested in filling in with the band. You could make a pretty fair amount in tips, especially if you wear 'The Outfit'."
Seeing the looks of amusement on the other two's faces Cassie realized something was going on. Cassie grinned and said, "Okay, what's 'The Outfit'?
"Well, it's a little risqué," the manager replied.
"Yeah, a 'little' risqué," Sandra joked.
"Okay, let's see it," Cassie said with a look of humorous skepticism.
Sandra knew where it was keep and went and got it. When she was handed the hanger holding 'The Outfit" Cassie realized she had a much different concept of just what 'a little risqué' meant.
The top was shaped like a bikini top except it was made of tiny chains that were only attached together on the sides. If you laid it flat on a table and slid the chains together there would have just barely been enough substance to cover her nipples. Draped across her chest with her moving around it would have been more illusion than substance.
The skirt was made of the same chain design.
"There is no way in the world that I'm going to walk around a room full of horny, drunken guys wearing this. Besides what if someone in there knows me. The reason I agreed to put on that act tonight with the Jacksons was to avoid publicity. This is not going to happen," Cassie declared.
"Hang on. Let me finish," Sandra replied, "there's also Mardi Gras mask in the cupboard that you could wear to hide your face and I have a couple of fake tattoos in my purse. Later if anyone claims you were here you just show them you don't have any tattoos and ta-da you're in the clear. Besides he wasn't kidding about the tips. With your body, in that outfit, you could probably make a few hundred bucks in one night."
"In fact, I'll guarantee it," the manager added. "If you don't make at least $250.00 tonight I'll make up the difference myself. And all you have to do is sing, no mingling. Furthermore there's a couple of bouncers in the room to keep all the partiers in line. What do you say, Cassie."
She surprised herself when she actually considered their offer. What the hell was happening to her? First she strips naked for a room full of strangers. Then she sings Happy Birthday for a guy in her birthday suit. Now she was actually contemplating performing on stage in a outfit that was practically nonexistent. However she did need a ride home and Sandra didn't get off for another three hours. If she was there for three hours and could made $250.00 that would work out to over $80.00 an hour.
"Okay," she agreed, "but I don't think I can sing for three hours straight."
"Oh, no," the manager said. "The band has half hour sets with fifteen minute breaks in between. So you would sing for a total of two hours. Plus I'm pretty sure some of their songs are instrumental. You get ready and I'll go tell them I have a replacement singer."
He left the room. Sandra handed her the skirt and Cassie slipped into it. Sandra showed her had the latch worked to keep it in place. It actually was a pretty slick set up. The skirt was basically a twelve inch wide strip of chain mesh and the latch allowed it to be adjusted to fit the wearer.
Before putting on the top Sandra got the temporary tattoos out of her purse. One was a blue, quarter moon with a smirking face. Since the face was looking left, Sandra applied it to the inside of Cassie's left breast so it appeared to be leering at her nipple.
The other was a cute little kitten reaching out a paw. Sandra applied that one just to the right of Cassie's belly button so it looked like it was playing with it.
The moon seemed to be claiming her nipple for itself. It was kind of slick, but Cassie knew she'd never get one like it in real life. Then Cassie pulled on the top and checked her look in the mirror on the back of the door.
The moon was inside the top, but the top was so revealing that it was obvious that there was a tattoo on her titty . The kitten tattoo looked so cute Cassie thought she might be tempted to get a real one just like it some day.
Sandra retrieved the Mardi Gras mask. In front it begin level with the bottom of her nose and wrapped over her head. There was very realistic red hair sown onto the back and sides. Cassie slipped it on. The main design was form of a jewel encrusted butterfly and completed shielded the upper half of her face.
Her own hair was hanging out along with the artificial red hair so Cassie pulled it back off and had Sandra tie her hair back and pin it. When she pulled the mask back on again it looked for all the world like the red hair was her own.
Looking in the mirror Cassie decided that combining with the mask and tattoos not even her family would recognize her.
Just as she finished the manager knocked on the door. Sandra told him to come in. Stepping inside he glanced at Cassie and said, "WOW!".
Cassie was definitely a hottie. The outfit on her was like an olive in a martini, the perfect finishing touch and the mask lent an air of mystery.
After staring at her for a minute or so, he shook himself and announced the band was getting set up.
With a 'break a leg' and an encouraging push from Sandra, Cassie allowed him to lead her to the bachelor party room. A couple of people spotted her on the way and stopped to stare.
'At least I'm not scaring them off,' she thought.
When they entered the room the manager lead her over to the stage and introduced her to the band. It was obvious they were impressed with their new singer's body and how it was displayed.
The drummer handed her a list of songs and asked if she were familiar with them. Cassie looked down the list and found she knew them all. A couple of them she wasn't familiar with enough to feel comfortable so the band agreed to do them as instrumentals.
As Cassie was preparing for the first number she noticed a drop box had been set on the stage for tips.
The drummer tapped his sticks together and counted one, two, three, four and first song started. Fortunately it was one Cassie was well acquainted with and she was able to get through it more or less on autopilot. When the song ended the audience gave her an enthusiastic round of applause.
Now that she knew her singing was okay she relaxed and got into the rest of the songs. As the progressed she saw men dropping money into the tip box.
As the band and Cassie stepped off the stage for their first break two men were standing by the steps. As Cassie walked by one turned and slipped his hand under her skirt and pinched her right butt cheek. At the same time he remarked to his companion, "That body doesn't need a brain to get in it's way."
Startled by the unexpected contact she glanced up at his face. It was her chemistry professor, the same one who had told her earlier that day that she did need a brain to go with her body. 'Life certainly has a sense humor,' she thought.
However before she could say anything the bouncer was there and he told the guy that one more touch and he was gone. Cassie smiled her thanks for the rescue as she stepped away.
During the break she drank a couple of beers to keep her throat moistened.
As the evening progressed the guys in the audience got drunker and more tips were added to the tip box.
During each intermission Cassie would drink another beer or two.
During the next to last session a guy came up to the stage and said that all evening he had been trying to make out the tattoo on her boob, but that with some many clothes in the way he couldn't make it out. He pulled out a hundred dollar bill and said he'd drop it in the box if she would toss him her top.
Cassie figured she wouldn't be any more naked than she already was and relaxed by the alcohol she had consumed she popped the top off and to the sound of exuberant cheering he got the top and a hundred dollars was added to the tip fund.
Seeing what had happened another guy came up and said he was having difficulty see her kitten tattoo so he offered her two hundred dollars for her skirt. In for a penny, in for a pound Cassie figured so she popped the clip and the band was another two hundred bucks richer as the happy recipient walked back to his friends waving his trophy.
A couple other guys tried to get her to take off her mask, but Cassie figured she had already donated enough to the band's tip collection.
Since the butt touching incident the bouncers had paying more attention to her safety so the rest of the evening passed uneventfully except when the staff rolled out the five foot tall birthday cake.
The stripper popped out and the band launched into the song 'The Stripper'. The woman danced around the room shaking her body. When the band began 'Sit Down Suzy' she climbed onto the groom's lap and gave him a lap dance.
Cassie had moved over to the side of the stage and was standing there swaying to the music. As she stood there she overheard a group of guys standing off to her left and behind her.
One guy said, "I'd rather have the singer bouncing on my lap than that stripper."
Another replied, "I'd rather have the singer than stripper's daughter. Hell she's got to be forty or more."
Someone else in the group commented, "I rather have the singer than that girl that was naked in the other room earlier."
Startled, the first guy demanded to know what he was talking about.
The guy who made the comment said, "I was walking by one of the private dining rooms before you guys got here and just as I walked by some old bat and her husband came rushing out. Out of curiosity I glanced inside before the door closed. There was some girl inside being lead away in cuffs and she was completely buck-assed naked."
"She was totally bare in a dining room. "What did she look like?" someone demanded.
"I only got a quick glance at her ass, but the singer's butt is better."
"Shit, why does that crap never happen to me," one of the guys bitched.
"Dumb ass. Look over to your right. The singer's ass is staring back at you. You've been staring at the singer's tits and ass ever since she took off her clothes. You want to see a great looking ass, check hers out. Me, I'm concentrating on those magnificent tits. Fuck me, I wish I could have been the lucky bastard who got to put that tattoo on her tit."
Cassie knew she had to stay where she was so they wouldn't figure out she had been eavesdropping.
"Hey Marcus, come here," one of the group called.
"What's up guys." Cassie recognized the voice and belonging to her chemistry teacher.
"You got any girls at that college that have a body like that?"
Cassie knew he was talking about hers.
"How would I know. They're all covered in clothes. I can tell you this, none of them would have the guts to get up on stage in an outfit like that. Hell, there's only a couple that ever come to class without bras and they've got less tits than the fat guys."
The others all laughed.
One asked, "You ever have one of them come on to you to try to get you to raise their grade?"
"Four."
"You remember the exact number?"
"Are you kidding?" Marcus retorted. "Some girl comes in and says she'll do anything, emphasizing anything, for a higher grade? Oh yeah you bit your ass I remember them."
"So give us some details, man."
"The first on was the first year I taught. She came in one day after classes. She was wearing a low cut top and a push up bra. There looked to be about four feet of cleavage hanging out that blouse."
"So she was hot, huh?"
"No. She was fat," Marcus said. "That was it. She expected a little boob show to get her something. Actually it did. It got her told to get the hell out of my classroom."
"What about the second one."
"Oh, yeah. Madeline Harrison. She ended up marrying some jerk named Doug Jackson, poor bastard."
"Why do you say that, Marcus?"
"Because she was a cunt. You ever heard the joke about the difference between a pussy and a cunt?" When they shook they heads he continued, "A pussy is warm, moist hole you want to stick you dick in. A cunt is everything surrounding it. Madeline was a cunt. She offered to suck my dick, to let me fuck her, hell she offered to let me fuck her ass right on my desk."
"What did you do?"
"Hell, no. I had already heard stories about her running scams and blackmailing people. Not only that but she had a shitty body. I wouldn't have fucked her with your dick and monkey's ass to drive it. That bitch was nasty with a capital N A S T Y."
"Okay, that's enough about her. You're killing my joy watching the singer's ass bouncing to the music. Shit, you're even taking away the fun of staring at the singer's fun bags. What about the third one?"
Ah, yes. Her name was Nancy. She was decent looking, but the rumor was she was sleeping with most of the guys and some of the girls at school. I wasn't going to risk my freedom, my career, and the possibility of catching some disease for that shank."
"Okay. What about the fourth one one?"
"Two years ago. Her name was Debbie Hill. We used to call her Debbie mountains. She wanted to go to some fancy college, but she was going to have to maintain at least at 3.78 GPA. My class was why she wasn't going to do it. She figured since she was doing great in her other classes that I would only have to raise her grade a few percentage points for her to make the minimum."
"Well, what happened?
She came in one afternoon right after gym class which was her last class of the day. She was still wearing her gym clothes, a white t-shirt and shorts. Somewhere between the gym and my class she had removed her bra. She comes bouncing into my class and the air conditioning hit those babies and bam, instant pokies."
"Then what? You can't stop now, dude."
"She comes sashaying up to me. Sees what I'm staring at and starts acting like she all nervous. She starts playing with the bottom of her shirt. Twisting it like she so shy. All the while she's pulling it up."
"What did you do?"
Marcus went on, "I played it cool. I'm calmly talking about how I can't change her score and that it wouldn't be fair to the other students. Meanwhile that shirt is getting higher and higher."
"Go on, dammit. Quit screwing around."
Marcus laughed and said, "Suddenly she whips her top off. She's leaning across my desk with those beautiful knockers hanging out. She says 'I know you want to see these.' I play it all professional like and say, 'Miss Hill, put your shirt back on. You can't be exposing your breasts in here.' Then she pulls off her shorts and panties. I've got this nineteen year old hot body standing in my classroom wearing a pair of sneakers and a smile."
"Son of a bitch," one of the listeners commented.
"Yeah, what happened next?" another asked.
"She comes around the desk, slides her hand up my leg and starts fondling my package. I let her pull out my dick and she goes down on it like a starving woman on a meat popsicle. Damn that girl had a great mouth. I'm just about to pop my wad so I push her off. I spin her around and push her across my desk. Then I line up with that tender, young pussy and I nail it. I'm pounding the shit out of that bitch. She says don't cum in my pussy, but I'm not stopping for nothing. About ten strokes and I buried it in her cunt. I'm dumping my load and she's all 'what if I get pregnant' like I really care."
"Did she get pregnant?"
"Who cares. I get done, pulled out my dick, pull her off the desk and down onto her knees. Then I stick my cock in her mouth. She trying to pull back, but I've got two handfuls of hair so she isn't going anywhere. I still can't believe how quick I popped a second load of cum into her mouth. Then I wipe my dick on her face and told her to get the fuck out of my class. Damn, she was pissed about that."
"That was it? You didn't get in any trouble?"
"She threatened to report me, but I told her I had a camera recording how she came on to me and if she caused me any grief I would post the video online. She decided to drop the whole thing."
"Do you change her grade?"
"Fuck no, the bitch tried to blackmail me. She ended up going to some bullshit community college somewhere. Screw her," Marcus ended.
"What did you do with the video?"
"What video. There never was any video. I just told the dumb cunt that to shut her up."
Cassie was so pissed at this point that she had to walk away or she was going to go punch his lights out.
She knew who Debbie Hill was and she decided she was going find her and the two of them were going to figure out some way to fried that asshole.
After the stripper's act the band had one more set which went without problem. As the band was breaking up they told Cassie that since she had filled in after their singer had to drop out, they had decided to give her all the tips.
The manager was waiting when she stepped off stage and he escorted her back to his office. Then he excused himself while he took care of getting the restaurant emptied of customers.
She removed the mask and when she counted the tips she found she had six hundred and twenty-seven dollars and twelve cents. A lot of money for showing off her naked body to a bunch of drunks and twenty-seven dollars and twelve cents for singing.
'What cheap shit put in twelve cents,' she wondered.
She put the money in an empty envelope she got out of the trash can.
After about twenty minutes Sandra showed up along with the manager. Sandra asked if she were ready to go.
Before Cassie could answer the manager said there was still the matter of the 'outfit'. At Cassie's blank look he said, "You sold the 'outfit' and we had over two hundred dollars invested in it."
Cassie opened the envelope to pay him.
"Oh no, no, no, Cassie," he protested. "We don't want money."
"What do you want?" she asked.
"The owner and his mother arrived while you were on stage to see how everything worked out. When I explained all the stuff that happened including you selling the 'outfit'."
About that time there was a knock on the door and two people entered. One was a man who appeared to be in his late fifties or early sixties. The other was one of the women Cassie had seen at JB's place.
Nothing one seemed shocked to see Cassie standing there nude.
For Cassie's part so many people had already seen her naked that night, what was a couple more.
The manager caught the two up on what they had been talking about before they arrived.
The woman turned to Cassie and said, "We have decided that instead of being paying cash for the 'outfit' it would be better for business to have you model for some photographs out by the entrance.
Cassie pointed out that she didn't have anything to wear.
The woman grinned and replied, "Oh you silly thing. Why would we want to cover up that magnificent body. We want you to pose like you are."
Cassie said, "I'm sorry, but I can't afford to have you all showing naked pictures of me to people. This whole thing started because I'm trying to avoid some nude pictures of myself from going public."
Sandra interrupted by saying Cassie could pose in the mask. She had already been seen naked in it most of the night so that shouldn't a big deal to her and any customers were later shown the pictures wouldn't really care about her face anyway.
Everyone got a laugh out of her characterization.
The others agreed to the concept and Cassie and Sandra got the mask back into position. When she was ready she followed the other out front of the restaurant.
She posed beside the sign announcing that this was the Beef Barn. She posed holding the door open and appearing to usher in some arriving customers. She modeled behind the bar as well as pretending to be a waitress for the others who acted like customers.
After about a half an hour the owners thought they had enough pictures to make up for the loss of the 'outfit'.
Cassie replied that she appreciated that everyone was satisfied now, but she still didn't have anything to wear home. Sandra said she would get Cassie something to wear, but it might be a little revealing. Cassie said she didn't care if it were see thru, she just needed something to put on. Sandra left to get it.
While Sandra was gone the owner and his mom left. Everything being cleaned up and put away for the night the manager took his leave too.
Which left Cassie and Sandra. When Sandra returned, but before she handed over the item she was holding she told Cassie that it wasn't see thru but even if Cassie had been nearly naked and completely naked all night she didn't think Cassie would have the guts to wear it outside, much less all the way home.
Cassie replied that if Sandra brought her something to wear she'd wear it home no matter what.
Haven't gotten Cassie to promise Sandra handed the garment to Cassie. Cassie had noticed when Sandra came back in the room that it was made out of heavy duty, white clothe. How bad could it be?
Spreading it out Cassie saw that Sandra had brought her an apron from the supply room like the ones the kitchen staff wore.
Still it was better than wearing just a thong Cassie thought so she put it on. The neck strap went over her head and the waist strap she tied behind her back.
The good news was the apron wasn't see through. The bad news was that it ended about one inch below her pubes in front. As an apron there wasn't any back or sides to it leaving Cassie totally exposed in those areas. In addition the top was so narrow it barely concealed her nipples.
Across the top was embroidered 'Beef Barn' and below that 'Famous Meat'. Looking in the mirror Cassie saw that the 'Famous Meat' slogan was directly in line with the bulges where her boobs were threatening to escape.
Still it was better than being naked and she had promised to wear it, so turning to Sandra she said, "Let's go."
Grinning Sandra told Cassie her car was parked in the lot across the street. Then she asked Cassie if she wanted to accompany her or wait out back. Not surprisingly Cassie opted to wait.
Before she left Sandra lead Cassie to the back exit and left her standing outside. As she prepared to leave she mentioned to Cassie that she might want to tidy up. Seeing where he was looking Cassie glanced down and saw the both her breasts had forced their way out from behind the apron.
As Cassie waited what seemed like an eternity for Sandra's return she tried tucking herself back in. Every time just as she seemed to have both nipples out of sight one or the other boob would popped out.
Just when she heard Sandra's car coming around the building she finally got the both in place. Stepping forth she ran into the glare from Sandra's high beams. Throwing her arm up to shield her eyes caused both titties to spring free. Rather than waste time she walked around to the passenger door, opened it, and slid inside.
It wasn't until she closed the door that she heard Sandra say, "This is Andy, our busboy, I'm giving him a ride home too."
Twisting in the seat Cassie spotted Andy sitting in the backseat. Seeing where he was looking she knew it was too late to try modesty so she said, "Do boobs bother you, John?"
"No ma'am," he replied sincerely.
"Good because with this damn apron you're probably going to be seeing a lot of them."
Sandra just laughed as she pulled out on the street.
Cassie wasn't sure, but it seemed like every time she got herself tucked in Sandra would swerve or hit a bump and Cassie would be showing again. Eventually she gave up and just sat there with both fun bags out in the open.
Sandra insisted on taking Andy home first declaring it was so he wouldn't know where Cassie lived. Cassie appreciated the thought but it mean it took twice as long for them to get to her house. To make it even worst Sandra drove the long way around the beltway to get to Andy's exit. Then on the way back she circled the city twice before taking Cassie's exit.
Every time she passed a trucker Sandra would pull up next to them, slow down, and blow the horn. Knowing that it wouldn't do any good to try to cover her chest Cassie just sat there. At least they couldn't see her face.
Judging by the answering air horn blasts the truckers enjoyed the Cassie's display.
When they got to Cassie's house Sandra stopped her car under a street light on the other side of the road from Cassie's house.
Cassie looked at her and said, "Here? You've got to stop here under the street light? And what was with that trucker horn blowing thing?"
Sandra replied with a mischievous smile, "My dad was a long-distance trucker before he died. He used to say that the only thing that made the driving worthwhile was when some girl would flash her boobs. So in his honor I try to give them a thrill whenever I can. Usually it's me, but since you seem to accept being naked or at least topless I figured you wouldn't mind. As far as where I'm parked, what are the chances that someone is looking out their window at two o'clock in the morning?"
Rolling her eyes, Cassie opened the door and stepped out.
"By the way, Cassie," Sandra told her, "I had planned on you wearing that apron upside down, but I guess you just wanted to show off your tits some more. You sure are a brazen wench."
In a flash Cassie understood what Sandra was saying. With the apron upside down the wide part would have been over her breasts. If she had tied the waist strings above her boobs what would have completely shielding her breasts and the top she could have pulled down over her pubes.
Oh well it was too bad she hadn't thought about it before or during the ride home, but at least she could make the changes before she went into the house.
So Cassie untied both sets of apron strings. No sooner than she was naked then Sandra started blowing the horn and peeled out squealing her tires as she raced away.
As lights came on in neighboring houses Cassie raced across the street and dove behind the shrubbery lining her neighbor's walkway. She forced her body as close to the brushes as she could get.
Seconds later she heard the crunch of footsteps coming down the sidewalk. She pushed herself inward even further.
"Damn, kids," she heard her neighbor say from his driveway.
"What is it Will?" she heard her father ask as he came over and joined their neighbor.
"Probably a bunch of drunken teenagers," he answered. "I wish all these kids were like Cassie. You don't see her doing crazy shit all hours of the night. Speaking of which how is your daughter?"
"She's doing some kind of thing at the Beef Barn tonight. Something about they were short-handed and she agreed to work for tips to helping out," her dad answered.
"Yep, she's a good one."
Her dad agreed, "Yeah me and her mom are proud of her. I mean you'd never find her laying naked on your front lawn."
"Not to be crude or anything,especially about your daughter," Will said, "but what I wouldn't give to see Cassie laying naked in my yard. That girl is a heart breaker for sure."
"You never know, she might wind up naked in your front yard tonight," her dad joked.
"I'd never be that lucky. Oh well, good night neighbor."
"Good night, Will. I'm just going to finish my smoke."
Once Will had reentered his house, Cassie's dad spoke, "Good thing he can't see shit without his glasses, young lady. Give it a few minutes for everyone to calm down before you come inside. I'll leave the garage door unlocked. I can't wait to hear the explanation for this little escapade."
When she entered the back door about fifteen minutes later she had tied the apron on like Sandra had mentioned. Fortunately whoever the apron had been designed for was tall enough that Cassie was able to pull the top up between her legs and tie the neck strings around her waist.
When she entered the kitchen her dad was sitting at the table sipping on a cup of coffee.
"You know that's going to keep you up all night, Dad?" she asked playing the good daughter.
"Can't be any worst then having my daughter come home at 2AM and finding her laying naked on my neighbor's front yard," he replied wryly.
"Yeah I guess I should explain that."
"Probably so," he commented.
"Okay. I was working at the Beef Barn like I told mom when I called. Which by the way is a really nice place."
"Naked. Yard. Two AM," her father prodded.
"They had an outfit which is what I wore while working. When we got done I put mom's black dress back on. Sandra, the girl who brought me home, went to get her car and I went to ask the manager if they might have any job openings coming up. So we agreed to meet out back. I had gone out back and was waiting for Sandra when Andy, their busboy, was coming out and he accidentally dumped a pail of potato and carrot peelings all over me. Yech. They were so slimy."
"Naked, yard, 2am?" her father repeated.
"I couldn't stand that gunk. So I took off the clothes and used their dishwasher nozzle to wash off."
"What about Andy and the others?"
"There was only me, Sandra, Andy, and the manager still there at that point. Sandra was going after her car. Andy was cleaning up the mess. The manager was in his office doing paperwork."
"So you were standing in the kitchen of the Beef Barn buck-assed naked when either or both guys could have walked in on you? Is that what you're telling me, Cassie?" her dad asked is disbelief.
"Dad, I had to get that garbage off. It was horrible. Besides I knew the guys were going to be busy for the few minutes it would take me."
"You've got a lot more guts than I would have guessed. Okay, go on."
"I was wrong about how long it took," she said lowering her head.
"What?!"
"Yeah, the manager heard the nozzle running and came to investigate."
"So the manager comes in and sees my little girls standing there naked?" Damn, I'll be he was surprised."
"We both were. I immediately dropped the nozzle and covered myself," she continued.
"What did he do?"
"Dad, he was the nicest person you could ever imagine. He looked away. Then he went to the room where they keep the uniforms and brought be back an apron like this one. He gave it to me and told me to dry off. The whole time he was keeping his eyes away."
"Okay. So now you're dry. You're standing naked in the kitchen of the Beef Barn. The manager there with you in the same room. Then what?" he asked.
With a sheepish look she said, "Then Andy walked in."
"Andy, the busboy? The one who dumped the goop on you? Do you think it did it deliberately?"
"No. I truly believe it was just an accident, Dad," she declared.
"So you're standing there naked except for a wet apron in front of your with two guys?"
"Actually Sandra had come in with Andy so I was standing there in front of all three of them and," she paused, "and I had sat the apron down so I was fully naked in front of all of them."
"This just keeps getting better. So my little girl is standing there completely naked in front of two guys and a girl. What next?"
"Sandra said, 'Nice tits Cassie'. I don't know why Dad, but for some reason it was so funny we all started laughing. We couldn't help ourselves and I don't know why, but suddenly being naked wasn't important."
"Then what?"
"Well mom's dress was ruined, but I made enough in tips that I can afford to replace it."
"Let's get back to the kitchen. So you're naked in front of two guys and a girl and it isn't bothering you. Okay. Maybe you're a nudist at heart," he paused. "Which is cool if it's true," he added hastily. "How come you were naked on Will's yard?"
"Sandra is a smart aleck. She bet me that if I would ride home naked she would give me her tips. I figured what the hell, I'd already been seen naked. And how slim are the chances that anyone else is going to spot me at 2AM on the road or in our neighborhood. She got me an extra large apron to put on when we got here. Of course then when we got her she waited till I got out of the car to put on the apron before blowing the horn and squealing her tires. Like I said she's a smart-ass."
"She sounds like a bitch to me," Cassie's father said disapprovingly.
"Actually she's just a free spirit. I don't think she has a mean bone in her body."
Their conversation was interrupted by someone knocking on the front door. When they opened the door Sandra was standing there. "Hi Cassie. Umm and father of Cassie." She reached out her hand. "You left your money in the car and I wanted to return it. Sorry to disturb you."
She turned to leave, but before she could take a step Cassie stepped out and grabbed her in a big hug. "I am so glad I've met you, Sandra. You are a beautiful flower in the field of my life."
Sandra returned the hug. After a moments they separated and Sandra went back to her car and drove off.
"You know I like her too, honey," Cassie's dad said. "Let's go to bed. Tomorrow isn't far away.