Chapter 03
Husband joins the game
*******************************************
This is a continuation of the Private Game. The series is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. This contains my usual themes of wife infidelity, cuckolding, and voyeurism. The series is meant to be a standalone story and not as a prequel or sequel to any of my other stories. I appreciate the feedback I have received and some of the correspondence. I have taken some of your suggestions and interwoven them into my stories. I look forward to your continued comments.
This series should be read in order.
************************
Lynn's husband arrives home shortly. He is apprehensive about what he will find. He is relieved to see Lynn in the kitchen fixing a salad. He sees Chuck on the deck. Lynn has on one of his favorite outfits. Did she just put it on or did she wear it to the airport? If so, then she has had a few hours to give Chuck a show.
He walks over to her and gives her a hug so he can feel one of her breasts. " Hi, sweetie sorry I took so long but had to get a contract out. Did you pick up Chuck ok? I hope it wasn't any problem keeping him entertained?" Glancing over at empty bottles and half full bottle of wine he told Lynn, "Well, it looks like you got started without me."
"It was no problem picking him up. I didn't have any pressing decorating work so could spend some time with him. He is everything you told me about him. He can be really funny like you said. We really hit it off. We got off to a good start. He was thirsty after his flight and I couldn't let him drink alone. It was a good idea inviting him to stay here. He is out putting the steaks on. You were right he sure is a take charge guy."
"Glad everything went ok. I knew you guys would hit it off. I like the outfit. Good choice."
"I am glad you like me wearing it. I know Chuck does." She leans into her husband and give him a light kiss on the ear while pushing her breast into his arm, "He really likes it.
So Lynn has been giving Chuck a show. What else have they done? Mike grabs and beer and heads out to the deck.
He and Chuck greet each other. They were best friends at one time and Mike is glad to see his good buddy.
"Well, Mike you have certainly done well by yourself. Nice house and sounds like a good job. Man you have really gotten in shape. And to top it off a really sexy wife."
"I knew you would like Lynn. She is sexy. I am a lucky man. Sorry I couldn't pick you up at the airport."
Chuck does not waste time. He is only in town for a few days and has to have Lynn, "That's all right. Lynn has a great personality, very outgoing. I enjoyed spending time with her. Man she is really hot in that outfit. I can't keep my eyes off those tits of hers. You wouldn't mind if I felt Lynn would you? I bet you would like that."
Mike just laughed, "Well you certainly haven't changed. Glad you like them. I picked that top for her to show off. It's kind of a game we play."
"Yea she told me about that. She knows how to play. Gave me a great show. We made up our own game. Think you will like it. She is going to keep giving me a show so you can watch. I will tell you about it after dinner. But right now the steaks are ready."
After what Lynn and Chuck said, Mike feels a stirring in his groin. They eat dinner on the deck. Lynn is very outgoing and vivacious. Mike notices a certain glow about her. Mike sits at the head of the table and Chuck and Lynn sit across from each other. Lynn becomes increasingly flirtatious. She continues the show for Chuck, leaning over when she talks to him to give him a look down her top. She knows her husband is watching. Lynn likes showing her tits to Chuck while her husband is sitting at the same table. Maybe Chuck is right about Mike not changing.
Mike raises his bottle, "Here's to good friends and a good visit for Chuck."
Mike and Chuck click their bottles with Lynn's glass. Chuck raises his bottle, "And here's to your sexy wife."
Lynn gets up and goes to the other side of the table, and leans and hugs Chuck. Chuck stays seated and puts an arm around Lynn's waist pulling her closer. He slips the hand to her ass and caresses her. She presses her breasts into his arm, and kisses him on the cheek, "I glad you think I'm sexy. I know you are going to have a good visit." Turning to Mike, "Isn't that a nice thing for him to say? Don't you like it when a good looking guy like Chuck thinks your wife is sexy?"
Mike doesn't believe Lynn is flirting like this in front of him. "Sure honey, you know how I like it when other men find you attractive.
They finish dinner and clear the table to go back inside. As soon as they put the dishes on the counter, Mike says, "I'm going to get out of these clothes and change into something more comfortable. I hope you two don't mind being alone for a few more minutes."
After he leaves the room, Lynn turns to Chuck, "I can't believe it. He is doing exactly what you said he would do."
"I told you I knew him."
Lynn is standing with her back to the island counter. Chuck moves close to her and touches one of her tits. Lynn pushes her hips forward until her pussy is against his cock, "What if he comes back in?"
Chuck bends over and nuzzles her neck, "That is the whole point. He sees us but does not know what we are doing. That is why he is leaving us alone. He wants to catch us doing something. You like the feel of my cock don't you? Tell me what you want."
She reaches around and puts one of her hands on his ass pulling his cock tighter to her pussy. "Your cock feels good. I want to feel you fucking me."
Just then they hear Mike coming down the stairs. Lynn starts to push Chuck away.
Chuck resists and stays where he is, "No. remember what I said about catching us in an intimate moment.
Lynn's back is to the door, but Chuck can see Mike entering the room. Lynn's husband does a double take. He can't see what is going on, but they are standing real close. Is Chuck feeling one of her breasts?
Lynn turns around with a flushed expression and stands at the end of the island. Chuck moves to the side. Mike stands across from Chuck with Lynn in between them. "I didn't leave you alone too long did I?"
Lynn caresses his forearm, "Not at all honey. You know I don't mind being alone with Chuck. And here I am in between two hot guys." She caresses Chuck's arm with her other hand. She kisses her husband lightly on his lips and turns and kisses Chuck. Chuck kisses her back but not lightly. Mike can tell their tongues are intertwining . After a few seconds Lynn breaks the kiss.
She laughingly slaps his arm, "Oh you are such a naughty boy. Kissing a married woman in front of her husband."
"I have monopolized Chuck enough. I know you boys have things to talk about. I'm going to freshen up. I won't be long."
There was an awkward silence as both men watch Lynn leave the room.
"Mike, Lynn sure has a great ass. I have had a great time looking at her body all afternoon. She wore that outfit to pick me up so she must have planned it."
"We didn't talk about it in advance. I didn't know she was going to wear that outfit. She likes to show off and flirt with other men. She probably wanted to surprise me "
"But it turns you on. Do you want to know what we did?"
"Yea it turns me on. You know that. I have been thinking about it all afternoon. Tell me what happened."
"At first I didn't know about the game you guys play. We were standing right here by this counter. She kept leaning over and showing me those big full tits of hers. I couldn't wait to get my hands on them. She even leaned over and rested one of her tits on the back of my hand. She just left it there while I moved against her nipple. She was looking right at me."
Chuck proceeds to tell Mike some of what he and Lynn did, leaving out some of the details.
Mike can't believe it, "She did all of that?"
"She sure did. She told me you guys play the game in more of a crowded setting, but here it was just the two of us. It must have made her more uninhibited. "
Chuck stops and thinks, "Maybe you will like this. We can all play the game. What you and Lynn do is the public game. But she and I do the private game. In this game she does things she wants to do but can't do in the public game you play."
"How does it work?"
"Ok. In your game when she hands a guy a drink, she bends over and lets him look at her tits. But in our private game she bends over and I play with her tits. When the three of us play you can even think about things you would like us to do while you watch."
Chuck teases Lynn's husband, "Do you like me touching your wife? She never moved my hand away. Maybe when she comes back I will touch her in front of you. When you left the room to change, I was feeling her again."
"I don't mind if you touch Lynn. You know it turns me on. I was wondering what you were doing when I came back in the room but wasn't sure."
"When did you start fantasizing about me and Lynn?"
"I think about it sometimes. Last week I really started fantasizing about it after you said you were going to be here on business. I thought about you fucking her the way you did Susan."
"Did you share your fantasy?
"No. For some reason neither of us brought up any fantasy about your visit. But Lynn was more aggressive in bed."
"Maybe you knew if you put the thought in Lynn's head she might act on the fantasy."
"You may have a point. We have exchanged fantasies about other people."
"Would it turn you on if I fucked your wife while you watch. I know you like it. And I think Lynn will like."
"You know it turns me on thinking about it. Lynn flirts and shows off but I don't think she goes that far."
"That's not what I asked. I asked if it would turn you on to watch, not if Lynn would want to."
"Chuck, you know it turn me on to watch you fuck Lynn. I just don't know.. Lynn and I have a comfortable life. We have our fantasies but that is all. I am not going to pressure her to fuck you. How will I know if she really wants to?"
Chuck tells him the signs, "You practically set this up. She wore that hot outfit when she picked me up. She knew we were going to be alone. You told her about me. You even told her I am hung. When she picked me up she looked right at my cock. She gave me a private show the whole time you were gone. She let me feel her up, even her pussy. She never told me to stop. She felt my cock and told me how much she liked it and had fantasy of us fucking. Look at how she acts right in front of you."
He continues, "Here is how you will know. She wears another sexy outfit. She lets me touch her while you watch. She will become more brazen. We move to the family room. You sit down in the recliner and suggest we sit on the couch. If she sits on one side with a regular posture, then she doesn't want to continue. But if she sits like she did this afternoon, she wants to go through with fucking me. I will look at her pussy, if she looks back and spreads her legs to give me a better look that will be another sign. I will play with her tits while you watch. She will not stop me. She may even tell you I have been feeling them all afternoon. After we play a while, you make an excuse to leave. When you come back in the room, if we are fooling around, then you will know. That way there is no pressure on her."
"There is one more thing that is important. It has to be Lynn's idea to stop. If you stop, she will think you do not want to go any further. She will do anything to hurt you."
"Ok. I will go along with you. And if she does those things?"
"Then I will give you what you want and fuck your wife while you watch."
(to be continued)