(A story with a number of real elements, but is fiction.)
***
The last few days had been perfect summer weather, making late June as hot as August with much more sunlight when visiting a local nude lake. Since the parking was severely reduced last year, the naked section has been almost empty, particularly in the morning. Of course those regular visitors that live nearby and ride a bicycle have no problem.
Anne's bicycle was already parked at the entrance of this particular 'bay,' which is one of several. Most of the grass was still in shadow, but near the water was sunny. Looking to the right, there was a pair with a hammock, while to the left there was a wheel chair parked on the grass.
That was unusual, and looking more carefully, I saw a couple, affectionately stroking each other, with a bottle of wine next to the large size airbed they were laying on. Anne was standing near the blackberries that form a natural fence between the sections, and seeing me looking over, mentioned that she had just been shared a glass of wine with the couple.
Which likely explained why she was wearing a very skimpy bikini. A sight that was oddly erotic as I undressed, especially since it almost matched the color of her tanned skin, creating a different style of 'nude' appearance. Of course, I knew exactly what she looked like without clothes, but seeing her take it off was a bit thrilling, especially as she did it right in front of me.
She lay down as I kept standing, looking around. Including, naturally enough, her pussy. Something I have seen many times over the years, but today, it seemed more open than usual, the few times I glanced. And much like the experience with the bikini, offering a view that was more than a bit thrilling.
She chatted about the couple, how he carried her into the water, since her legs no longer moved. A fact explaining the wheelchair at least. She mentioned how they were kissing during the time it took to drink a glass of wine. Something I was now watching myself, when not looking down at Ann. Who really did seem to be at least a bit visibly horny, lips nicely swelled and spread.
They were clearly enjoying their sexy kissing, losing themselves in the moment, clearly unconcerned about being in public. When it became clear that she was being felt up, hand cupping a naked breast, my cock began to stir.
"Still kissing?" Anne asked, looking up past my cock to my face. "Seems that way, though maybe a bit more than that" I replied, noticing how her legs had spread further. And also noticing how my cock had grown while paying attention to a couple of strangers.
Standing up herself, she asked if I could put suntan lotion over her back, handing me the lotion as she turned, positioned so as to see over the blackberry vines. Spreading the first bit of lotion on her shoulder, we could both see how he was feeling up her breasts, nipples nicely erect, eyes closed, with lips slightly parted, clearly getting turned on.
I took my time putting on the lotion, something Anne seemed to enjoy. "You can go lower, you know, just keep going," was nice to hear, as I had been thinking of doing just that. The lotion worked well for massaging, and sliding my hands over her ass cheeks was enticing - for both of us. That we were both getting more turned on seemed unimportant at this point.
"You have done that with the your blond friend."
"Blond?"
"You know, the one with the big breasts. Lotion her body - I've seen."
"Yes, I have a few times. She likes having her tits played with."
Then Anne said, in a sighing tone, "You can do my front too. Like hers."
As she said this, the woman on the air bed turned a bit, arm reaching down. The way she was positioned meant we could not directly see what was going on, but his reaction was unmistakeable, particularly how his head slowly sank as her arm moved. Much like Anne's reaction as my slippery hands began to slide over her breasts. He watched as I rubbed lotion over Anne's small tits and now rock hard nipples, her moaning becoming a bit louder as my right hand slid downwards.
She leaned back a bit, aware of my swelled cock now feeling her soft cheeks pressing against the shaft.
"Like it?" she asked, starting to move a bit, "watching them? It makes me horny, especially like this."
"I do like it - a lot actually. He is looking at us, you know."
She slip up and down a couple of time before asking "Do you think he is as hard as you?"
I answered by letting a finger slide over her wet slit, saying into her ear "She probably isn't as wet as you."
Wordlessly, she reached back, holding my cock as she moved a bit, pointing it downwards to slide between her legs as the woman moved position, her head going down on his cock as Anne's slippery juicy pussy lips started moving along my shaft.
"Like it?" she moaned again, my hands squeezing her tits as she started pressing my cock upwards, beginning to hump while watching another couple have sex in public. The woman rolled on her back, head turned towards us as her partner opened her legs, his cock erect and glistening in the sunlight. Both of them knew what effect they were having on two strangers, and were appreciating the results. We were all fully turned on, sharing the same state, letting ourselves go in a wonderful mutual sexual haze under the summer sun.
We could see her expression change as his cock entered her waiting pussy, making me gasp "They are fucking .. right now .. hot .. sexy cunt." Anne said nothing, but her hand went underneath my shaft, positioning the ridge of my cock head against her erect clit. We were both in paradise like this, knowing how slutty we had all become enjoying the natural setting for natural pleasures
The soft liquid feeling was exquisite as Anne used my cock to play with her clit. When the other couple began fucking deeper, Anne moaned, her hips rolling, now feeling her juicy cunt begin to surround my cock head. Leading to more talking about how good it felt like, cock and pussy playing together while watching another couple get off, words that seemed to turn her on as my cock went deeper inside her wonderfully wet hole. Looking at the other couple have sex as we began to fuck in front of them, lost in a fantastic sexual haze.
Anyone walking by could guess what was going on, but that was of no concern as we kept fucking, minds submerged in animal bliss. The laying woman's breasts were bouncing as she was pounded hard on the air bed, Anne playing with her tits in rhythm to my thrusting shaft. The other couple was making the same sounds as us, liquid and wordless, occasionally hearing a moaned "fuck yes" or "so deep" or "harder."
The intensity of our fucking kept growing, a wave that we were all riding, joined between our legs, cocks pumping into open hot pussies. Turned on by having fantastically open sex, indulging in the sort of behavior that is normally avoided, but now had become too thrilling to resist. Time became meaningless as we all came more or less together, sharing orgasms in public.