Author's Note: So far, I have not included specific trigger warnings because I believe that the previous chapters have not contained any potentially distressing depictions or plotlines. In this chapter, however, there will be unequivocal references to incest, and, in the same vein, the story tags will reflect this. If you are likely to be offended or troubled by such content, I would advise you not to read on.
Thank you very much, to all my readers, for sticking around.
***********
Chapter 10: Decorated!
Jasmine sobbed as her eyes roamed over the pathetic reflection staring miserably back at her in the full body mirror.
It was past one in the morning, and she certainly hoped Owen was already asleep upstairs. She would have had a lot of explaining to do, and the completely naked slut was at a loss as to what excuse she could come up with this time.
***********
A FEW HOURS EARLIER..
After enjoying the "full Jasmine experience" and spurting his warm seed deep into her well-fucked cunt, Jim began to get dressed, laughing at the sight of the panting young wife. Unfortunately, for that particular sweaty and sticky slut, Jim then ordered her not to clean her juicy slit.
"I want you to feel my cum inside you all the way there, you dirty whore!" he chuckled.
The tanned blonde lay down on the bed, exhausted from the afternoon's jumping jacks but especially due to her most recent energetic cockride.
Jasmine was relieved that her naked and barefoot form would not be exposed to the busy city for a full hour and a half since Jim had "kindly" agreed to give her a lift to the tattoo parlour. She absent-mindedly dragged her fingers over her hairless pussy, frowning slightly when they made contact with the sticky mixture of fresh male and female cum leaking out from her adulterous cunt.
"Oh, come on, stop being a fucking horny bitch. I just fucked you and you're already playing with yourself?" Jim laughed.
Blushing, Jasmine wiped her fingers on the insides of her smooth thighs, still shiny with sweat from the variety of strenuous exercises she had just endured - not least the one involving her deliciously pink inner pussy muscles.
"Get me a cup of coffee!" Jim ordered.
Jasmine sighed. She didn't want to upset Jim, lest he change his mind and left her to walk naked through town!
So, even though she was extremely tired from the day's exertions, the naked slave got herself to her feet, subserviently replying, "Yes, sir."
Jim admired the sight of the tight curvy ass jiggling, as Jasmine obediently fixed him a warm cup of coffee from the machine at the minibar. He would never have imagined that he would have seen his beautiful young neighbour naked, let alone get to perform a thorough examination of her slutty body using his hands and cock! But that was exactly what had happened today. Jim thanked his lucky stars that he had been working today, and had been summoned to the suite at just the right time to witness the blonde's humiliation.
He could barely wait for her very first yoga session, a smile inevitably crossing his face at the thought of the busty blonde introducing their neighbours to her naked delights.
After finishing his coffee, Jim turned to the adulterous whore, "I'll pick you up from the service entrance. Do you know where that is?"
Jasmine blushed, remembering that that was where Bobby and Mike first had the pleasure of seeing her completely nude and exposed - big tits, bald twat and all.
She nodded and replied, "Yes, sir.."
"Good. And don't forget to take your vase. It's got your ring inside too, isn't it?" Jim continued.
"Yes, sir." Jasmine chirped.
A fresh wave of humiliation washed over her as she glanced at the purple roses that had, just a few hours ago, been snugly inside her once-private snatch.
"When you wait for me, hold the vase behind you! Oh, and I want you to do a creampie. You should know what that is, don't you?" Jim winked at her.
"Yes.. Yes, sir.." the mortified blonde replied.
So, a few minutes later, the middle-aged man sitting near the counter of the service elevator in the basement (who had earlier in the day instructed Bobby to log his deliverables in the small notebook - including one extremely embarrassed and bare-assed big titted wanton slut) was treated to a majestic but amusing sight.
The completely naked Jasmine had first sat her curvy butt on the ground and held on tightly to the vase of roses behind her.
She was unsure if Jim had wanted her to do the creampie standing, but the immoral slut figured that he would be happier if she was more exposed. And, the subservient bimbo was aware that the best way to ensure complete exposure of her needy cunt - while she used her inner fuckhole muscles to squeeze out the evidence of her most recent act of adultery - was to be seated and spread wide like a horny skank. Thus, the blonde had then spread her legs extremely wide in the air, directing her shaved pussy towards the main entrance of the service carpark.
Of course, the busty bombshell was extremely humiliated. She didn't know what the man must think of her, but it couldn't be anything good. After all, only the cheapest of whores would sit down in the middle of the carpark and show off their completely naked body and bald cunt in that wanton manner, practically begging for the attention of whoever cared to look!
Jim's loud announcement to the carpark a few minutes later had brought an even redder blush to her beautiful features.
"FUCKING DIRTY SLUT, GET IN THE TRUNK. I DON'T WANT YOUR JUICES ON MY LEATHER!" he had shouted gleefully.
The embarrassed naked Jasmine, fully aware of the mixture of spunk visibly oozing out of her juicy slit like a tasty lava cake, had hurriedly stopped posing in the lewd position.
She had actually felt somewhat thankful as she squeezed her worthless naked body into the trunk obediently, as she was aware that Jim would not be able to humiliate her further along the way.
Then, about ten uneventful minutes later, Jasmine, who was already breaking out in fresh sweat from being in the extremely uncomfortable and musty trunk, felt the lid pop open.
"Ok, get out. I'm in a bit of a hurry." Jim grabbed her by the arm and pulled her out of the trunk.
He handed her her "favourite vase".
Jasmine took a quick look around.
She was in the back alley, and she could see two homeless-looking men in ragged clothing slightly more than 10 feet away. They had already noticed her naked body and were craning their necks to take a good at her!
Feeling conscious, Jasmine tried to use the vase to cover as much of her shaved pussy as possible, gripping it with both hands and resorting to using her elbows to shield her evenly tanned fun bags at the same time.
Of course, she failed comically, and the naked blonde's young neighbour and most recent fuck buddy chuckled at her pathetic attempts at modesty.
"Ah, I forgot. There was another card from earlier. From Mr Xavier. Ok, got to go. I'll see you.. And maybe use you, on Sunday!" Jim tossed the small card unceremoniously at the hapless nude woman.
***********
'Tap-tap-tap'
Robbie glanced up from the 3-D render that he had been working on for a long-time friend. There was someone knocking on the back door of his shop.
"It's open!" he said.
There was silence for a few seconds.
Then,'tap-tap-tap'- the soft knocking on the door continued.
Frowning, Robbie looked at his watch.
"It's open! Just come on in!" he hollered.
'Tap-tap-tap'. For some reason, the person outside continued knocking instead of simply entering.
Slightly irritated, Robbie got up and walked over to the back door.
"Who's this dumb wanker.." he muttered to himself under his breath.
The first thing that Robbie noticed when he opened the back door, a faint tinge of annoyance still on his face, were the two beautiful firm tits and perky nipples thrust proudly out towards him.
"Wha.." the tattoo artist began, before trailing off.
His eyes roamed over the smooth skin of the sexy naked woman.
"Wow, there are no tanlines on her at all." he thought, eyes zooming in on the shaved pussy exposed between her widely parted thighs.
Illuminated under the glow of his neon signboard, Robbie admired the sight of Jasmine's taut and hairless body.
Her luscious platinum blonde hair was tied into a bun and she stood upright, thrusting her huge melons out at him and emphasizing her nudity even more. It was as though the big titted slut standing in front of his shop did not have a single care about having her naked body seen - she was standing with her arms behind her head and her legs spread very wide!
"What.. Is going on?" Robbie found his voice again.
Even though the curvy bombshell was standing tall and proud like an experienced nudist who had no qualms about showing off her nude form to the public eye, he noticed a hot blush spreading over her beautiful features as she began speaking.
"Hi, sir.." Jasmine said, trying her best to put on a naughty girl smile despite her obvious embarrassment.
"Delivery for Mistress.. Mistress Nicolette, sir.." impotent anger welled up inside the poor blonde as she was forced to refer to her chief tormentor respectfully, as if the cruel woman was her OWNER.
"One completely naked exhibitionist.. Slut.. With big fake.. Fake.. Fake tits and.. A.. Wet.. Wet bald.. Cunt.." Jasmine choked as she uttered the self-deprecating words.
"For.. Mistress Nicolette, sir.." Jasmine continued.
But the worst part was still to come, Jasmine knew. She was merely carrying out the orders that had been written on the small card that Jim had thrown at her, after all.
The mortified skank wasn't sure whose idea it had been - Xavier and Nicolette seemed equally devious; but if she had had to guess, her money would have been on the latter. The brunette never seemed to run out of ways to humiliate her naked blonde slave, not least by making her behave like a wanton adulterous slut in front of random strangers.
"Please.. Please.. Accept receipt by touching.. Touching.. This worthless.. Marr.. Married.. Whore's.. Clit.. Sir.." Jasmine's voice was barely audible now.
Robbie watched open-mouthed at Jasmine's amusing performance, his eyes fixated on her pink nether lips, visibly parted between her toned thighs.
"Uh.. Yes." he said after what seemed like a minute, "Yes, Nicolette told me you would be coming. Jizzmine.. Right?"
Robbie chuckled as he caught sight of a dirty homeless man in the background, craning his neck to get a good look at the saucy exhibitionist's tanned back and tight ass. He wondered if the naked woman knew that her bare body was being gawked at (by someone other than himself, of course).
"Come on in, unless you like showing off your body to the public so much." Robbie smiled at Jasmine.
He noticed a small vase with purple flowers in them placed beside the naked woman's feet. Robbie noted that the vase was placed far away enough; it was as though the experienced tart wanted to ensure that her sexy legs, parted almost two feet wide, would be fully visible for his viewing pleasure!
But Jasmine did not move.
"Please accept receipt.. by touching.. This worthless married.. Married whore's clit.. Sir.." the extremely degraded Jasmine repeated.
"Oh!" Robbie caught on, and grinned wide.
Jasmine felt truly worthless now. Not only was she brazenly exhibiting her naked body in public, but she was also begging a stranger to touch her on the most intimate area of her bald pussy like a brainless subservient sextoy. And all because one or more of her tormentors felt it would be amusing!
It was certainly hilarious, except for the naked and barefoot woman.
"Hmm. And if I don't?" the tattoo artist asked snidely, observing the homeless man in the background moving towards the poor blonde's naked body.
"Please, sir.. If you don't.. Then I have to stand here.. For.. Forever.." Jasmine wasn't sure what to say.
She could hear footsteps from behind her and she wanted to get into the shop as soon as she could.
"Ok then. Bye!" Laughing, Robbie began to shut the door.
Jasmine's eyes widened in horror.
"Ok, ok, I'm just messing with you. Nicolette did say you're a dumb one.." Robbie winked.
He reached towards the sexy blonde's obscenely parted thighs and flicked her engorged clit hard.
***********
"Hey, Bob." Nicolette gave Robbie a tight hug when she stepped into the tattoo parlour.
"Right on time as usual!" Robbie laughed, "Well, I've got her all prepped. My stuff's all ready too."
Nicolette followed her old friend into the back room of his shop.
The moment she saw Jasmine's pathetic form, she burst out laughing.
"I have missed you, my dear fuckslave!" the brunette teased.
Still completely naked and barefoot as usual, Jasmine was securely fastened to stirrups that would not have looked out of place in a BDSM clip. She was seated, but that was where the comfort ended for the hapless blonde.
Her toned legs were spread exactly 180 degrees horizontally wide, leaving her puffy gash gaping and exposed completely for Nicolette and Robbie's visual critique. This meant that even her inner pussy lips were parted, her succulent pink labia forming a visible oval between her widely splayed thighs. There was only a single leather strap fastened around each of her ankles in order to ensure as much exposure of her body as possible.
But that was not all.
Jasmine's arms were lifted over her head and wrapped around the back of the neckrest. Robbie had tied her wrists down to something behind the "gynae-chair", causing her upper body to be stretched out obscenely. More importantly, the tension caused the randy minx to arch her back uncomfortably, her big tits thrust out like a tempting offering for the watching pair's casual viewing.
"Hello, ma'am.." the obedient slave mumbled miserably.
"I see Xavier got you back to me in one piece. And, early as well! I told him I'd only be here at 9, but.. I guess you've had the time to get comfy huh?" Nicolette chuckled.
"Yes, ma'am.." Jasmine replied.
Of course, the naked blonde was anything but comfortable, restrained and exposed in that inverted-T-shaped position.
"Have you fucked her yet?" Nicolette asked Robbie with a smile.
"Nah," Robbie chucked, "I was working on the render, you know. Had a pretty busy day, and I wanted to let you see how things would look before we proceed."
"YEOOOOW!" Jasmine shrieked.
Nicolette had suddenly slapped the poor naked blonde hard - right between her parted thighs on her shaved puffy pussylips! Her soft pubic flesh stinging, Jasmine began to tear.
"So, slut, you didn't beg to entertain Bob? You didn't tell him that he could use your fuckholes whenever he got bored?" Nicolette scolded.
"No.. I didn't.. Please, I'm sorry, ma'am.." Jasmine sobbed.
"Fucking useless cunt. Can't even be a whore properly." Nicolette said.
"YEOOOOOOOW!!" Jasmine screamed as her hairless slit was spanked hard again.
"Tomorrow, you will report to work. I don't care that it's a Saturday. I'm arranging for extra training to get you up to speed on your proper job." Nicolette said simply, then, as though as an afterthought, "And, as punishment for not begging to fuck Bob tonight!"
Jasmine's tormentor then turned to Robbie and said, "She'll be learning how to clean toilets tomorrow. With her tongue, maybe!"
The pair laughed loudly at the naked blonde's expense.
"And you," Nicolette continued, jabbing her finger in the fucktoy's direction, "Better make sure Tom is happy tomorrow!"
"So," Robbie said to his friend, "I'll show you the renders in a bit. But about the tattoos.. I had a few ideas. I know you were conflicted, so maybe we could run through some options together?"
"Yeah, sure!" Nicolette answered.
Jasmine was under no illusions - they were talking about tattooing her precious smooth skin! It made her feel worse sitting there, naked and spread wide, while they discussed putting body art on her, because it emphasized the reality that she did not have a say in the matter.
"One option would be a tramp stamp. We could perhaps have a 'OWNED' or 'PROPERTY OF NICOLETTE' in block letters?" Robbie suggested.
Jasmine blushed. He was talking about the future of her body as though they were considering putting a case onto a mobile phone.
"Hmm," Nicolette replied, deep in thought, "I mean that's a good idea, but I don't think it would be obvious enough, since it'll be on her back. I want the world to know she's a whore. MY whore! But, on the other hand.."
"Well, in that case.. Two, on each of her inner thighs, with arrows pointing towards her skanky slit. Perhaps, 'FUCK' and 'ME'?" Robbie said.
To Jasmine's utter humiliation, Robbie walked over and lightly brushed his hands over her silky smooth tanned thighs, as though she were a wall and they were brainstorming about what colour of paint would be most suitable!
"Yeah, you see, the other consideration that I was having is that the tattoos might detract from her nudity. Sounds a little counterintuitive, I know, but I want her naked body to be the main attraction. I want people to be staring at her cunt rather than reading the words on her skin.." Nicolette replied.
"So.. The only reason why I might not get tattooed is because the tattoo will cover up part of my skin.." the exposed blonde thought, feeling worthless.
"Hmm. Then how about one right above her slit? I'm guessing you'll never allow her to have pubic hair, anyway. So, that triangular area, it's perfect for something like 'DEPOSIT CUM HERE'." Robbie continued, before adding "Oh, and, tattooing that area is quite painful. If it affects your decision, you know?"
Nicolette chuckled, "Of course, any useless whore must know how to appreciate being a good painslut.."
Robbie used his finger to draw a line right where Jasmine's upper pantyline would have normally ended - if she had been respectable enough to wear any proper underwear rather than her favourite go-to one-piece slingshot thongs, of course.
"So, it could be here. This would be slightly higher up. So, it will definitely show if she's wearing a bikini." he said.
"Or," Robbie continued, dragging his finger downwards over the hairless once-private area to right above her sensitive clit, "Here. And, if what you want is for her cunt to be the centre of attention, words here will not be distracting, I think?"
"Hmm.." Nicolette was deep in thought.
Robbie stroked Jasmine's smooth slit, giving her a pat like he would an obedient animal.
"Good job on getting her tanned, anyway." Robbie sniggered, his focus obviously on the tender and equally evenly-tanned skin that flanked her puffy slit.
Jasmine twitched instinctively as Robbie suddenly poked both her armpits while saying, "Another idea that I had, was here."
"Two longer phrases," he continued, "Like, maybe, "I FUCK FOR FREE' and 'I PAY TO SUCK'? Written in two lines across each armpit?"
Nicolette seemed amused, "Oh, yeah, that would be funny. I mean, I could order her to show every fifth person she sees her armpits, and then read the words out to them.. Or something!"
"And, of course, there is the option of right on these funbags!" Robbie suddenly used both hands to squeeze the poor Jasmine's sensitive tits, thrust out and vulnerable, hard.
"Maybe like 'CUM ON ME' in a line?" Nicolette suggested.
"Yeah, something like that! I mean.. It's your choice, of course!" Robbie said, laughing.
"Sure, it's her choice. Even though it's my naked body that's going to be marked by sleazy words.. Oh my god.. What would Owen think.." Jasmine thought.
But the subservient big titted bombshell did not say anything since she was not only completely naked but also tied in such an exposed manner, with her shaved twat practically begging Nicolette to spank it.
"Well, while you think about it.. Take a look at the render? For the piercings?" Robbie handed Nicolette a sheet of paper.
Tears welled up in Jasmine's eyes as she realized that Nicolette's plan was to decorate HER with piercings!
"Yup, fantastic. Just what I had in mind." Nicolette nodded.
"Alright, I'll get her warmed up and we can get started, then." Robbie said.
"Please, Nicolette, no.. Please.. I don't want to be pierced.." the naked blonde begged.
Jasmine could barely move in her restrained position, but tried her best to crane her neck forward to see what was on the piece of paper. Nicolette got a good laugh at her pathetic attempts to move from her bondage.
Robbie walked behind the chair and moved a few levers, inclining the back and neck rest FURTHER BACK while tightening the strap that was securing Jasmine's wrists behind her head. This meant that her naked form was pulled even tauter, forcing her shoulders and neck to arch backwards.
Given the huge size of her voluptuous 36Fs, the hapless blonde could no longer see the bottom half of her body as her vision was blocked by the silicone-enhanced melons.
Of course, Jasmine could still feel, and she shuddered when she felt some casual rubbing on her bald cunt next. And, suddenly, she felt a small circular object being inserted into her moist love tunnel. Jasmine's mouth opened in an 'O' at the unwelcome intrusion, blushing at the thought of yet another random item being thrust deep inside her most private area.
Worse still, her pussy began throbbing as the small vibrator - that was what it was, she realized quickly - started doing its magic, wedged snugly against her g-spot!
"This will keep her aroused so that the skin of the hood is easier to grip onto." Robbie explained to Nicolette, who grinned.
"No, please.. Please.. No.." Jasmine begged.
The naked blonde watched helplessly as Robbie began twiddling her perky nipples, ensuring a constant blood flow to her rapidly-stiffening buds.
"Hmm," Nicolette said suddenly, "About the tattoos.. I always remember my first. You did it for me, and I really love it. It's almost like I feel bad if I ask you to ink this fake-titted whore you know? It's kinda like.. You're an artist, and I'm giving you a dirty piece of paper."
The brunette laughed, then continued, "Yes, exactly. She is LITERALLY a dirty fuckslut."
Jasmine could see Robbie smiling, but he didn't reply as he was focussing on getting Jasmine's nipples as perked up as possible.
"Urrgh.." Jasmine moaned, half due to the invasive vibrations inside her pink pussy, half due to her tensely gritting her teeth as the sharp needle unmercifully pierced through her extremely sensitive right nipple.
"Ok, hand me the first bell, will you?" Robbie said to Nicolette quickly.
"NOOOOO.." Jasmine pleaded when she saw that Nicolette had, in her hand, a small silvery JINGLE BELL!
"Please, no.. Please, the sound.. Please.. People will hear.. Owen.." the blonde sextoy begged.
The busty bombshell watched helplessly as the larger ring, attached to a tiny one that was in turn joined to the tip of the small bell, was slipped horizontally into her freshly pierced right nipple.
"And," Nicolette explained, "It locks on electronically when I do this. So, she won't be able to remove them, unless I want her to."
She tapped the screen of her phone.
"No.. No.." Jasmine sobbed.
"Don't you just love technology?" Nicolette laughed.
A few minutes and plenty of winces and moans from the big titted helpless slut later, Jasmine's nipples were freshly pierced and adorned with a shiny jingle bell each.
Although they were small in size, with a diameter approximately the width of the nail on her pinkie, the naked woman noticed through her teary eyes that the silvery colour of the bells made their presence even more prominent, to anyone staring at her pathetic bare-assed form, because of the nice contrast to her evenly tanned fuckjugs.
"But, this is the best part though," Nicolette said to Robbie, "Let me show you."
Jasmine saw her tormentor prodding her phone's screen once again.
Suddenly, both of the larger shiny rings, which of course now had portions INSIDE each of the poor blonde's nipples, began vibrating. The helpless bimbo's tits were already perky from all the physical attention they had been receiving, but the vibrations of the rings directly attached to her nipples meant that even more blood was flowing to her sensitive buds.
Worst of all, the vibrations were causing Jasmine's unwanted jewellery to jiggle slightly, both bells making audible tinkles!
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.
Nicolette watched her naked slave struggling to keep her nipples as stationary as possible in a bid to keep the tinkling of the bells as faint as she could. The brunette giggled, knowing that the depraved exhibitionist's job was made even harder by the continued vibrations from inside Jasmine's moist cunt.
After a minute, Nicolette decided to give her slave some mercy and tapped her phone again, and the vibrations of Jasmine's brand new nipple rings promptly stopped.
But Jasmine's ordeal was far from over.
Robbie shifted his chair away from the blonde tart's silicone-enhanced chest and moved between her obscenely parted thighs.
The bronze-skinned skank felt her pussy twitch involuntarily as the tattoo artist slowly retrieved the vibrator out from her needy love tunnel, and she blushed at his casual touch.
"No, not my clit.. Please, no.." Jasmine begged, fearing the worst.
The busty princess' pleas were rewarded by Nicolette with hard flicks on her brand-new nipple bells.
***********
"NO!! FUCK YOU, BITCH. Let me the fuck down!" Jasmine screamed, "I've had it with this bullshit. It doesn't fucking matter, you can tell Owen whatever the fuck you want. I'm not doing it. NO WAY!"
"YEOWWW!" the naked blonde shrieked as Nicolette spanked her hard on her tender pussy lips.
To make things worse, the tips of Nicolette's fingers made contact with the larger ball of the brand-new curved shiny and silvery BARBELL. Jasmine's precious pussy had, just a few seconds ago, been adorned with a fresh vertical clitoral hood piercing, and Nicolette's spank had caused the barbell to be tugged downwards slightly, causing her sensitive flesh to smart.
"FUCK YOU!" Jasmine continued, "I AM NOT FUCKING DOING IT. LET ME GO. I WILL GO TO THE FUCKING POLICE, YOU BITCH!"
Even if the restrained blonde could bring herself to deal with her new erotic body modifications (getting her tender nipples and clit hood pierced was bad enough; having the shiny jingle bells electronically locked on to her big tits and an equally silvery barbell permanently attached - at least, until Nicolette decided otherwise - to the soft flesh just above her clit was worse), what her cruel tormentor had just suggested.. She could not possibly live with!
"Like I was telling you," Nicolette did not seem particular perturbed by her slave's sudden will to protest, and was speaking to Robbie, "This smaller ball.."
She calmly walked over to the naked blonde and twiddled with the smaller ball that was on the upper end of the curved barbell, now clearly and visibly attached to Jasmine's pussy.
"It can be used as a keyring," Nicolette continued, "So when I do this, it opens up."
Prodding her phone again, Nicolette entered a command.
The naked Jasmine could not see what was going on between her legs, but Nicolette and Robbie bent over, peering curiously at her shaved pussy.
"NO, DON'T YOU DARE! FUCK. FUCK YOU!" Jasmine screamed.
The helpless slave was promptly slapped hard across the face by Nicolette.
"Ok, enough, you fucking cunt. To give you some motivation to behave in a manner befitting of a respectful low-class slave.." the brunette said, turning to Robbie.
Robbie caught on quick, and got up and switched on the television hanging on a nearby wall.
"Oh, and don't you worry about Robbie here.. He's already seen all of this. I did foresee that you wouldn't be particularly pleased with this bit of your BODY IMPROVEMENT, so.." Nicolette winked at her blonde toy.
Panting, her cheek stinging and tears beginning to form in her eyes, Jasmine stayed silent. She was slightly thankful that Nicolette was, at least, not following through with her plans to augment her branch new pussy piercing - yet.
"Now, this.. First up, is 'Baby, I'll be home soon!' Specially curated for Owen!" Nicolette began.
The television screen came to life.
There was Jasmine in her full naked glory, and her luscious lips looked conjoined to a pair of hairy balls. She was obviously in the midst of deep-throating a thick cock.
Peering through her fake melons, the presently equally-naked Jasmine's anger faded slightly.
The lucky man who was receiving an expert blowjob from the naked woman had his face blurred out, but Jasmine immediately recognized the scene in the video and a fresh wave of humiliation rushed over her.
It had been a particularly embarrassing occasion, as the formerly-proud sales executive had been forced to beg Mr Robinson to become a client of Stuls Corporation. Furthermore, it made things even more humiliating for Jasmine because she knew full well that the deal that she had signed with him had been the last straw for her former rival, leading almost immediately to Nicolette turning her into the brunette's fucktoy slave.
Nicolette had emphasized that all the "mistakes" that the blonde's puny brain had made in the past (including, among other things, everything that she felt that Jasmine had achieved or obtained undeservedly) would all, in time, be remedied - using the whore's big tits and shaved pussy as a fringe benefit where necessary.
As a fully clothed and respectable young executive in her comfortable office at Clean Investments, Jasmine had put in plenty of hard work in order to bring in Robinson's money for her old company.
But now, the owned blonde on the screen was having the massive indignity of using her completely naked body and aching jaw to persuade him to renege on the agreement that she had worked so hard to obtain, and instead switch his business over to Stuls - where she was a lowly toilet cleaner!
The clip on the screen skipped forward.
Bzz. Bzz. There was a faint but audible sound of vibrations.
The subservient tart continued sucking on Robinson's cock like a slut in heat, but the middle-aged man reached over and retrieved the slave's phone from the nearby counter.
Jasmine knew full well that a wide grin was spreading over Robinson's face, even though his features were blurred out (for privacy, she figured - of course, there was no such luxury for the immoral whore on her knees, who had her naked body and beautiful face exposed fully on the screen).
He slid his finger across the screen of Jasmine's phone.
The camera zoomed in on the caller's name - "HUBBY", it read, followed by three pink hearts.
The tanned blonde's eyes widened in horror, but she had no choice but to take the phone that Robinson had thrust towards her pathetic cocksucking form.
Worse still, just as she had grasped on to the phone with one hand, the other still obediently wrapped around Robinson's veiny dick, the man suddenly grabbed her wavy locks and forced his cock all the way into her needy mouth.
After a few seconds, he finally released Jasmine's head, causing the blonde to slurp desperately, gasping for air, as his throbbing member left her luscious lips.
SLURRP.
"Sorry, baby, it's a little.." Jasmine was panting, struggling to reply to her husband on the phone.
"It's really.. Hairy.." the blonde still had one hand on Robinson's cock and was extremely distracted by how perverse the situation was, "I mean, noisy.. Noisy.. Here.."
"Huh.. Oh yes, I know.. I remember.. Our anni.. Anniversary.."
Robinson guided her pink lips to the tip of his sticky cock again, as the naked Jasmine was forced to continue the conversation with her loving husband while kneeling in front of another man like a needy immoral whore, intermittently sucking and licking that man's hard pecker.
Again, the clip skipped forward.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!" the mortified blonde on the screen uttered.
Horrified, the still-restrained Jasmine watched wide-eyed as a rhythmic hip-hop style beat began playing on a loop in the background of the video.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
First, the scene where Jasmine said those words to Owen on the phone would play. The busty bronze-skinned whore had one hand holding onto the phone; her other was wrapped around Robinson's cock.
Then, there would be three different two-second clips of Jasmine engaged in various immoral and adulterous acts.
It started off with the blonde in the midst of stripping off her sexy and revealing sad excuses for clothing.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of Jasmine removing her one-piece slingshot teardrop thong in a smooth motion and winking at random men.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of a completely naked blonde holding onto two cocks, one in each hand.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of the tanned slut, clad in nothing but a pair of shiny red 6-inch high heels, kneeling with her legs spread almost horizontally wide, her partner's hard cock balls-deep in her mouth between her pouty lips.
Jasmine noticed that the selection and organization of the clips were done in such a way to ensure that each clip depicting her fuck partners looked as different as possible compared to the clip immediately before and after.
The blushing and disgraced slut realized that this made sure that the humorous "music video" succeeded providing a caricature of an insatiably horny adulterous whore who had seduced and fucked countless different men. Of course, their faces were blurred out while Jasmine's naughty girl smiles were blatantly reproduced on the screen.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of Jasmine being spit roasted doggy-style, clearly enjoying having her cunt fucked while hungrily devouring another thick cock.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of Jasmine in her "favourite" cockriding position, hands gripping tight onto her messy platinum blonde bun while her tanned fake tits bounced freely.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Three different editions of Jasmine's shaved pussy spread invitingly wide while her man - not Owen, of course - drilled her deep.
"Baby, I'll be home soon!"
Grinning, Nicolette pressed pause and turned to the hapless blonde.
"Well, what do you think?" she asked Jasmine snidely.
"FUCK YOU, BITCH!" Jasmine retorted fiercely, even though she was still secured to the "gynae-chair" in the inverted-T-position, "But, you know what? Go on, show this to Owen. If.. If.. He sees me with my wedding ring on my clit.. My marriage is fucked too. So, you do whatever the fuck you want. I AM NOT GOING TO WEAR MY WEDDING RING ON MY PUSSY! Like, what the fuck. Where do you even get these ideas.. FUCK YOU!"
"Ok, sure. I most certainly will. Along with 'Desperate Blonde Wife' and 'Desperate Blonde Wife 2'. But in the meantime.. Here's the next video. Specially put together for.. Guess who?" Nicolette continued, pausing, before announcing "YOUR PARENTS!"
"NOOOO, PLEASE.. NOOO.." Jasmine wailed.
"This is called 'What can a dumb blonde be used for?'" Nicolette finished, giving a thumbs-up to Robbie.
The video began with the completely naked and barefoot Jasmine slowly ripping apart her degree scroll and professional qualifications, among other things, in Hong's warehouse.
Then, the video skipped forward.
The camera zoomed in on the tanned whore setting fire to the pile of her precious certificates while she proceeded to frig her juicy slit, seemingly without a care in the world that her documents were being burned to ashes.
"Please, Nicolette.." Jasmine begged.
The video skipped forward again, and Jasmine was being used as a floormat.
Her big fake jugs were being enjoyed by an unknown male stranger, who had taken off his shoes and was rubbing his socks all over her smooth and evenly tanned melons.
Jasmine's bald cunt was also not being spared, and stockinged feet could be seen twiddling with her engorged clit.
The worst part was that the busty naked exhibitionist did not appear to mind being used as a human carpet at all. Her lips curled up, as she moaned from the stroking she was receiving between her legs. In fact, anyone watching the video could see that she was intentionally parting her legs wider - clearly encouraging and facilitating access to her once-private pussy.
The helpless blonde's eyes widened as she recognized the next clip. It was from earlier today!
Jasmine was hanging from the uncomfortable contraption in Xavier's hotel room, her hairless slit stuffed amusingly full of roses.
"Oh, and.." Nicolette said gleefully, "This is my favourite part - THE FOUNTAIN!"
Jasmine thought she knew what was coming, and she could not bring herself to continue watching. Shutting her eyes in embarrassment, the raucous laughter from Robbie and Nicolette told her that she was right.
"Open your eyes, you dumb cunt!" Nicolette shouted.
A hard slap right across Jasmine's beautiful face was enough to encourage her to open her eyes tentatively.
The blonde was greeted by a truly amusing (for Robbie and Nicolette) and humiliating (for the sexy naked slut) still frame.
Jasmine's beautiful curvy body was tensed up in mid-orgasm.
Her eyebrows were directed downwards as though in deep concentration, with one eye closed, almost as though she were winking at the camera, and the other half-rolling upwards as she hit nirvana. Her juicy lips, succulent and still with a visible coat of FKME RED on them despite her recent enthusiastic sucking of Xavier's cock, were rounded into a large 'O'.
Moving upwards, Jasmine's upper body was similarly tensed, her tight abs and fake tits scrunched together slightly as the waves of female pleasure coursed through her.
But it was the lower half of her body (which was, since she had been hung-upside down, on the top half of the screen) that made the paused scene the most hilarious.
Jasmine's dainty toes were curled inwards as the orgasm hit her, her sexy and evenly tanned legs braced in a taut position, emphasizing her curves in all the right areas. And between those obscenely-parted legs, however, anyone staring at the screen could see the was a clear and voluminous stream of clear and fresh piss that had just spurted out from her shaved pussy!
Nicolette had paused the video at just the right moment.
The piss that was shooting embarrassingly out of Jasmine was at its highest possible height, reaching almost the height of the bottom of her kneecaps, and had not yet begun to feel gravity's pull. This meant that the dirty stream provided a nice contrast to Jasmine's cleanly shaven pussy, the erotic yet humorous still frame crystallizing the poor blonde's humiliation forever.
"No, please.. Please don't.. My parents.." Jasmine sobbed, "No.. What would they think.. Please.."
Nicolette showed no signs of slowing down, however.
"Well, earlier, you said.. You wanted to go to the police, right? Well, here's something that you can show them. Oh, but I didn't actually make this for them. It's actually for your neighbourhood. Your perfect little cul-de-sac!" she continued.
The next video began with Jasmine stripping off an extremely tight-fitting bodycon red dress in front of her main door.
Struggling to get the one-piece off, especially due to her huge silicone tits, Jasmine roughly shoved the dress downwards, making it seem as though she was desperate to get naked as soon as possible.
Then, the butt-naked blonde quickly slipped off her wedding ring and posed in her favourite position, exposing the entirety of her bare skin to whoever cared to look with a wide smile.
"This," Nicolette said, "Is called 'The neighbourhood pervert'."
Jasmine was now sun tanning naked in her backyard.
Because she had been worried that Nicolette would be unhappy about her progress towards and maintenance of an all-over tan, the mortified blonde would always spread herself out in an lewd star-shaped position, ensuring maximum exposure of her armpits, sideboobs, inner thighs, and, of course, her hairless cunt.
However, as far as the video on the screen was concerned, all this served was to conclusively depict a slutty bare-assed depraved skank who had no qualms about showing off every inch of her flawless naked skin.
The video then skipped forward, and Jasmine was now playing with her pussy proudly in her backyard.
Jasmine blushed hot red. Anyone watching the video would think that she was nothing but a slutty exhibitionist who was hoping to be seen completely naked by her neighbours!
In actual fact, the slut had merely been getting her pink pussy wet enough so that she could slide herself onto her favourite monkey rocker. After a few seconds, which was all it would take to juice herself up enough (on the rare occasions that she was not already sopping wet down there), Jasmine's shaved snatch was soon wrapped snugly around the dildo attached to the seat of the sex toy.
Audible moans and the occasional "Schlupp" could be heard as the busty naked whore purposefully fucked herself like a slut in heat.
The camera then zoomed out, providing an overhead view of Jasmine rocking back and forth as the flesh-coloured dildo plunged in and out of her moist snatch.
Nicolette pressed pause.
"See anything interesting?" she asked her blonde sexslave, pointing at the top left-hand corner of the television screen.
Jasmine gasped.
In the corner of the screen, a couple could be seen, hand-in-hand, as they took a romantic walk just feet away from the horny skank riding the sex toy.
The hapless blonde had always felt relatively safe, being naked in her backyard, because of the tall shrubbery that was surrounding her. However, Jasmine was now beginning to wonder if, even though she was unlikely to be seen tanning naked or fucking herself using the monkey rocker, anyone could and had already heard her slutty moans!
"No.. I'm not a pervert.. Ok, Nicolette.. Please.. I'll do it.." Jasmine begged, "I'll wear the wedding ring.. On the stupid barbell.."
Nicolette laughed, "You never really had a say, you fucking bimbo. I'm putting it on whether you like it or not, whether you want to or not. And you're not even going to be able to remove it.. You'll see.. It locks on too, so.."
"But since we've already gotten started on these highlights of your dumb whore life.." she continued, "Next, we have.. Oh. I remember this one. This one is made for Owen's parents! It's called 'I love my husband because...'"
Jasmine frowned. It didn't sound like a cheap homemade porn video, but she didn't want to get happy about it too quickly.
It was the men's locker room of the gym where Jasmine worked out, fucked and sucked.
Clad in nothing but her white Slutdrops and a pair of sports shoes, the brazen blonde was leading a man into the locker room.
Straining her eyes to make out the words on his grey shirt, Jasmine quickly realized which occasion of her gym-fucking was about to be screened for the watching pleasure of Nicolette and Robbie.
"No.." she blushed, utterly humiliated and knowing what was about to come.
Just over 15 minutes prior to the scene was that was currently playing on the television, Elena, who had been on duty at the gym, had entered the female changing room.
As usual, the bronze-skinned and completely naked and barefoot slut had been frigging her juicy slit desperately.
"Ah, I knew you'd be here." the young fitness trainer had spanked Jasmine's tanned ass, hard.
"Hi, Elena.." Jasmine had mumbled, her fingers still obediently diddling away.
Nicolette had told her in no uncertain terms that her 10 minutes of "play time", as part of her usual workout routine, was to be spent CONTINUOUSLY playing with her clit. She could, of course, smile and wink at any of the women who entered the changing room (and be frequently rewarded for her friendliness with an upturned nose or a disgusted smirk). But she was not to stop her wanton public masturbation under any circumstances.
"My friend will be coming to visit in about 10 minutes. He's from another branch." Elena had said, giggling.
"Uh.." the panting naked blonde had not been sure how to reply.
"His girlfriend cheated on him, and he dumped her ass a couple days back. So, I told him that we have a resident slut and she will be tending to his needs today. Make sure you give him a good fuck." Elena told her simply, before walking away and leaving the shameless whore to continue rubbing her needy clit.
The expert seductress on the screen pushed Elena's friend onto the wooden bench.
She had not even had the chance to get his name earlier. But, truth be told, feeling his bulging biceps and ripped abs through his tight-fitting shirt had been enough to get the oversexed blonde horny and ready for a good ride.
The problem was that Elena's friend had been in the mood for a very specific fuck-experience from the adulterous slut.
"I love my.. Hubby.. Because.." panted the sweaty blonde as she used only her calves and inner thighs to thrust herself up and down.
SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP. Her arousal was clear as day, not only from how visibly wet she was but also from the audible squelches her pussy was making.
"He.. Fucks.. I mean.. Feeds me.."
As usual, Jasmine's hands were fixed to her blonde bun as she rode her fuck buddy's cock.
"He.. Feeds me.. And.. Cocks.. Oh god.. Yes, right there.. Yes.. Cocks.. I mean.. Cooks.."
It was almost too much for the busty adulteress to handle, having been ordered to announce to the currently-empty changing room why she loved Owen while her shaved pussy was spread wide and directed towards the door as she enthusiastically engaged in rambunctious debauchery with another man.
"I love.. My.. Hubby.. Because.. He takes me.. Hard.. He takes me hard.. No.. He takes me on holidays.. He also.."
Bouncing up and down like a horny cowgirl, the naked Jasmine gave Elena's friend the cockride of his life as he provided her encouragement by smacking her toned ass hard intermittently.
"I love.. Him.. We rub.. Rub clit.. Rub clit.. RUN CLIT.. Oh my god, no.. Run together.."
Jasmine's fake tits hurt as she energetically slid her hairless slit up and down his shaft.
"I love him because.. He.. Has a big DICK.. Big.. Ambition.. He knows his finances.. He.. Oh.. Fuck.. Oh my god, it feels so good.. He can work on a tight pussy.. Tight budget.."
Jasmine was full-on bawling now, tears rolling down her cheeks.
"Ah, don't get your panties in a wad. Oh wait, what panties. You're a naked slut." Nicolette teased.
"I love him.. Because.. He thrusts into.. He thrusts.. Trusts.. Trusts me.." the on-screen Jasmine proudly announced.
SCHLUPP. SCHLUPP. Evidently, the rambunctious adulteress' hungry pussy agreed, cheerfully and unabashedly gobbling up her fuck buddy's rock hard member.
"Oh, don't cry, you stupid cunt. There's still one more. And.. You're not going to want to miss it.." Nicolette said.
"You sure?" Robbie suddenly asked his friend quizzically, "You did say, this one.. Was for if things really got troublesome. You know?"
"I did, didn't I?" Nicolette laughed, "But, well, this slut.. I think now's the time."
Through her tears, Jasmine could, once again, see another rendition of her naked body appear on the screen.
She was lying down, and only the upper half of her body was visible. Her hands were secured horizontally above her head, and huge black headphones covered her ears.
It was a recording of her time being one of the cheap whores in Repmap's pussy glory hole, just after getting her titties ballooned up!
The nude blonde frowned, feeling a slight cramp in her ass. She had been restrained in the current position for quite a while, and there was nothing like a visual reminder of how she had been, similarly, physically restrained in Repmap's "clinic" to make her acutely aware of how helpless she felt now.
PAK. PAK. PAK.
There were no prizes for guessing what was going on on-screen, as the busty slut's ample and recently-augmented chest jiggled painfully from the forceful deep thrusts into her.
The blonde whore was moaning extremely loudly.
Knowing that she had never been one to fake an orgasm, Jasmine was actually a little curious to find out Nicolette's objective behind this particular video, because she was obviously enjoying herself on-screen.
The experienced sextoy could almost imagine which parts of her body were being stimulated in order to tease out the sounds that she was making in the clip - g-spot alone, clit alone, g-spot and clit at exactly the same time, clit alone, g-spot alone, g-spot and clit at exactly the same time...
"Is this supposed to humiliate me?" Jasmine wondered, the cramp now spreading to her shaved pussy, still spread 180 degrees wide.
The angle of the camera changed, and now it was a huge close up of Jasmine's hairless cunt, spread almost as wide as she and it was currently.
The thick veiny cock continued thrusting deep inside her, and her arousal - indicated by whitish female lubricant squelching all over her partner's stiff member - was plainly visible.
Jasmine's neck ached from craning to look at the television screen through her huge voluptuous 36Fs, and she felt almost relieved when Nicolette began to speak.
"Well, it's been a long day.. I think.. Let's just skip to the climax, shall we?" the brunette winked at her fuckslave.
Then, turning to Robbie, she said, "You know, the CLIMAX."
Robbie nodded.
The video skipped ahead.
It was still a close-up of Jasmine's shaved pussy, but the ploughing was getting faster and more purposeful.
Concurrently, the blonde whore's audible moans were also heightening in pitch and volume.
Then, suddenly, the smooth tanned skin on both sides of the juicy slit began to tremble quickly.
At the same time, Jasmine's red-hot engorged clit twitched upwards, and her tight little asshole, shown in its full glory near the bottom of the television, clenched tight.
Blushing, Jasmine knew what was happening. On-screen her was CUMMING!
Right on cue, her fuck buddy's cock twitched, and his hard and quick thrusts immediately became a single extremely deep one as he stoppled her twat with balls-deep penetration.
The pulsating rhythm of the moist love tunnel, wrapped snugly around her partner's stiff and thick member, was doing its magic!
Jasmine's well-fucked cunt and taut butthole would pulse alternatingly. So, the man didn't even have to thrust into her anymore. All he had to do, and all he was doing, in order to have his milky goodness drained from his hard cock, was leave his fucktool deep inside the slutty blonde.
When her cunt lips tightened their suction-like grip around his cock, his shaft could be seen visibly swelling up at the base slightly.
And when her hungry slit loosened its hold on his stiff dong, he would lean slightly into the bare-assed bottom half of the human cum bucket. It was obvious that his hot seed was being spurted blissfully into the horny bitch.
The mutual and synchronized orgasms made for a truly erotic sight, and no detail was spared since the extremely high-definition clip on the screen focussed entirely on the natural pairing of bald cunt and hard cock.
The video was paused.
"So.. Did you enjoy that?" Nicolette asked snidely.
"Uh.." the shameful slave wasn't sure how to respond.
Jasmine's fuck buddy's chest heaved, panting hard as he withdrew his spent but still semi-erect dick from the well-fucked slit.
Then, the camera zoomed in on the uncontrollable creampie that was escaping from the nicely-used bald slit. The lewdly spread pink gash was still pulsing slightly as Jasmine's orgasm ebbed as well.
The cock that had just been inside the blonde slut had obviously been full of cum. And given how much he had enjoyed the "full Jasmine experience" and their simultaneous orgasms, that cum was now all deposited in her as a reward for being an extremely fuckable whore!
"Well, whatever you say, it doesn't affect whether or not your ring is going up on your clit. So.. Might as well be honest, yeah?" her tormentor replied.
Jasmine sighed, "Ok.. I mean.. Yeah.. It looked like I enjoyed it.."
Nicolette burst out laughing.
Jasmine didn't have much time to wonder what was so amusing because Nicolette had continued speaking - to Robbie this time.
"Ok, I think it's about time to get the ring on, yeah? I think we can leave this here, for now?" she said, gesturing to the television and Jasmine's fresh creampie that was taking up the entire screen.
Robbie nodded with a smile.
Nicolette handed Robbie Jasmine's beautiful wedding ring, before tapped her phone once again.
Although the big titted princess could not see what was going on between her legs, she was under no illusions. Her wedding ring was being attached to her clitoral hood; and, for all intents and purposes, it would look as though she had intentionally pierced her clit and was proudly wearing a barbell conjoined to her ring!
Aside from a weird tugging on her sensitive pussy flesh, Jasmine barely felt anything, and the next thing she knew, Robbie was releasing her from her dastardly restraints.
Jasmine suddenly felt extremely self-conscious as she stumbled away from the chair. She was about to clamp a hand over her big fake tits and the other over her exposed pussy, but a soft tinkle from her chest reminded her that she had more troubling issues to worry about.
"Check it out!" laughed Nicolette, pointing at a full body mirror nearby.
Seeing her beautiful busty body in the mirror, she tried to get the blood flowing to her limbs by running help her slim fingers over her nude form, as she miserably tried to get herself mentally adjusted to the reality of her new jewellery.
Her nipples were angry red from being freshly pierced, and were now adorned with pinkie-nail-sized jingle bells. Blushing, Jasmine realized that even the slightest of brushes by her index and middle fingers over the small rings, that were now inside her nipples, would cause her bells to make audible tinkles!
The blonde's eyes roamed downwards, almost afraid by what she would see. Unfortunately, for the hapless naked slut, it was as bad as she had expected.
Jasmine's precious clit looked as though it had been pierced and decorated with a small and curved silvery barbell. Failing to resist the urge to part her inner folds slightly using her fingers, Jasmine pushed her pinkish lips outwards and could see that it was actually only the large ball of the barbell that was resting against her clit.
However, the relief that her engorged bud was left untouched faded almost instantly as she caught sight of what was attached to the smaller upper ball of the barbell.
The smaller ball looked fused with the casing of her wedding ring!
Frowning, Jasmine tried rolling the casing around in a semi-circle, and was surprised to find out that the metal could actually slip through the smaller ball. It was, as Nicolette had promised, truly as though the smaller ball was a keyring, and the casing of her wedding ring was now attached to it.
The orientation in which the ring was attached to the barbell allowed the diamond to stand out proudly, which, the blushing blonde realized, would draw even more attention to her shaved pussy when she engaged in shameless and adulterous debauchery from now on.
"I'm pleased." Nicolette fist-bumped Robbie, "Top, top work. As always."
"Nicolette.. Ma'am.. Are you going to send me home?" Jasmine asked quietly.
She was exhausted and had been naked for almost the entire day, except for short intermittent clothing breaks, and was well and truly well-fucked. The poor blonde knew that there would be a lot of explaining to do when Owen saw her brand new erotic jewellery, but, for now, all she was hoping for was that Nicolette had brought some clothes for her to wear on the journey home.
"Don't forget that you have work tomorrow. It's going to be a tiring day, and I've told Tom that he's to try to get you fully trained in a day, so.. You can wear your exercise clothing to work tomorrow." Nicolette replied, "Actually, I got you a special set of exercise clothing to wear, just for tomorrow. It's in my car."
"Uh.. Not my slut.. Slutdrops?" Jasmine's ears perked up.
"Nope," Nicolette answered, "But don't get too happy, you dumb bimbo. It's something similar."
Jasmine definitely did not like the grin that the brunette was giving her.
"I guess all that remains for me to do today is.." Nicolette continued, "Didn't you wonder about what the title of that last video was?"
"No.." the naked fucktoy was sticky and she needed her bed.
"Ok, it's time!" Nicolette gleefully announced.
Robbie let the video on the screen continue.
The camera zoomed in, focussing on Jasmine's soft pink pussy and the copious mix of male and female cum that was leaking out from her adulterous snatch.
Then, suddenly, the angle of the camera changed again, and the screen now showed a top-down panoramic view of the room.
"NO. NO. NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!" Jasmine screamed.
"I call this.. 'Eddie and Jizzmine's sweet romance'. No prizes for guessing who this is for.." Nicolette couldn't contain her laughter, at the distraught blonde's expense.
"NOOOO. NIC.. NO.. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.. WHAT HAVE I DONE.." Jasmine wailed.
It was Edward, her younger BROTHER, who had just fucked the naked slut and came inside the cum bucket on the screen!
Jasmine had cum so powerfully while being fucked by her own brother's stiff cock that she had single-handedly egged his own orgasm out of him, eventually culminating in the luscious white creampie that was still flowing out of the shaved twat on the television.
"I spoke to Xavier last night about this, actually.. He wanted to be the one who did this.. Your big reveal.. I told him we'd do it together, so pity he can't be here, huh?" Nicolette winked.
Jasmine sunk to her knees, bawling.
"No, no, no. No crying. I'm not done here yet." Nicolette jabbed the screen of her phone a number of times.
To Jasmine's horror, her nipple bells and clit hood barbell began vibrating softly.
Bzz. Bzz. Tinkle. Tinkle.
"Get the fuck up, cunt." Nicolette kicked Jasmine's tanned thighs with the sharp tips of her flats.
"NO.. Why.. WHYYYY.. How could you.. HOW COULD YOU.." Jasmine didn't move from her position, tears flowing down her face.
"I kept this in reserve, for a long while.. I thought Owen would be enough.. Corporate espionage.. But no. I think it's about time that you understand that it's not just your marriage that I own. It's YOU. You're mine. My slave. And I can do whatever the fuck I want with you. And YOU WILL DO WHATEVER THE FUCK I WANT," Nicolette continued with a smile, "You know why? If this gets out, I bet Eddie will lose his scholarship. Maybe get expelled from that nice college that we went to together.. Maybe your parents will disown him.. I mean, if they disown you, that's all fine and good. You're a worthless streetwalker. Also, well.. A toilet cleaner. But Eddie? I mean.. He's innocent. It's his dumb blonde big titted slut sister who seduced and entrapped him into fucking her tight bald slit.. But that won't matter to them, will it?"
"I said, get the fuck up, cunt. Or this goes out to every single person you know. I'll start with Eddie himself first, of course." Nicolette ordered again.
Jasmine slowly dragged herself to her feet, still crying.
"I didn't.. Entrap.. I didn't.." the blonde mumbled.
Suddenly, the vibrations of the rings connected to her sensitive nipples and the bell inside her pussy flesh increased about five-fold in intensity.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Solar energy." Nicolette commented randomly, "So, you better keep them powered up. If I find out that the battery is dead, or even low.. Well.."
Jasmine trembled as the large ball of her new pussy barbell vibrated hard, directly against her hypersensitive clit.
"Favourite position. Now." Nicolette ordered.
The naked young wife felt as helpless and powerless as she had had the very first time she stripped off her executive work clothing in Nicolette's office.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
Robbie laughed at the plainly audible tinkles of Jasmine's tit jewellery as the cruel vibrations continued, thanks to Nicolette.
The mortified blonde slowly put her arms behind her head and spread her legs more than a foot wide, exposing her naked charms, fresh piercings and all, for their amusement and enjoyment.
"You will do everything I say, are we clear?" Nicolette asked menacingly.
Trying to come to terms with the fact that she had energetically fucked her own brother a few months ago while being ordered around by her once-rival and now OWNER brought so much more humiliation to the big breasted blonde bombshell than she would typically feel from being in the erotic and exposed position.
Defeated, Jasmine could only mumble a, "Yes, ma'am.."
Nicolette suddenly walked over to Robbie and whispered something in his ear.
The tattoo artist burst out in uncontrollable laughter, "Are you serious? You want her to do that?"
Nicolette winked at her old friend.
"Yeah, he'll play along, for sure." Robbie said.
Dreading the worst, Jasmine's sobs were subsiding when Nicolette walked back to within touching distance of her plaything.
"Who owns you?" her tormentor asked.
"You do.. You.." Jasmine whispered.
"WHO OWNS YOU, SLUT? ANSWER ME PROPERLY!" Nicolette raised her voice slightly.
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"You own.. You own.. You own me, ma'am.." the completely debased Jasmine replied.
The slutty tanned exhibitionist felt extremely small and dirty.
"Good. Now.. I'm craving a Butterfinger. So, you're going to march your big tits and shaved pussy down next door to the convenience store and get me one," Nicolette ordered, "Clear?"
"Ma'am.." Jasmine begged, "I have no clothes.. Please.. Bells.."
BZZ. BZZ. TINKLE. TINKLE.
"Yup, and you have no money too. You'll just have to figure it out. Now, get your slut cunt moving!" Nicolette replied curtly.