Lately, I've been seeing sex everywhere. I've never felt so insatiable or reached this level of desperation. My pussy throbs all day long and it keeps me up at night as I masturbate multiple times before finally falling asleep.
I feel self-conscious that my thoughts must be apparent. People I work with, other parents at daycare pick up, and strangers I pass on the street must know my dirty secret. They have to notice me squirming and blushing all the time. If I were a man, I'd be walking around with a raging hard-on all day.
Sometimes I touch myself in the car as I drive, stuck in traffic, peering into the cars around me and trying to meet eyes with... anyone, wondering if there might be someone else out there thinking about it and wanting it as much as I do. I think about how easy it would be to find sex if I was really looking, and how tempting it is to take that step, to seek a little excitement with anyone, anywhere. I fantasize about putting a sign in the rear windshield of my car that says, "Want to fuck? Follow me!" and luring strangers to come and give me what I need.
Every time I close my eyes, one fantasy or another is always at the tip of my imagination. For the past few weeks, it's felt like I cranked my arousal level up to max and then broke off the lever. There's no turning it off. The blush on my cheeks is a permanent stain.
And yet, when I got hit on at the coffee shop this afternoon, I was completely caught off guard, convinced that my raging libido was clouding my reality. Especially since I was sitting there working on a story, an erotic account of a recent fantasy I'd had.
I was so wrapped up in it I didn't even notice the guy until he stood across the table from me and asked, "Is this seat taken?"
At first, I hardly looked up as I answered, "No, go ahead, take it," and waved him away.
But he didn't take the chair or go away. I sensed him still standing there and finally looked up, annoyed by the interruption.
But the guy just smiled down at me. A fucking handsome smile at that, one that seemed to light up his face and put a spark in his warm, kind brown eyes. It caught me off guard.
"I meant to ask if I could join you?" he tried again.
I looked around, noting there were at least two unoccupied tables.
He saw me notice and added, "You just looked so intensely focused on whatever you're working on. I felt like I had to come and see what you're up to."
My cheeks and neck burned, making me feel totally transparent, and suddenly paranoid that he might've been reading over my shoulder without me noticing. I searched his face for any sign of teasing, but only found sincerity.
"Sure," I finally replied, uneasily.
He sat down across from me, still smiling, causing me to blush harder. "Are you working?"
"I'm just writing a story," I answered simply.
"Oh, nice. What kind of writing do you do?"
"Fiction, mostly."
It wasn't totally a lie. More acceptable than the complete truth when speaking to a complete stranger.
"Very cool. Do you have anything published?"
"No, it's more of a hobby."
"Well, if it's got you this focused, I'm sure it'll be worth sharing when you're finished," he smiled.
I felt the all-too-familiar blush creeping higher into my cheeks as I offered a small smile back.
"Anyway, I don't mean to interrupt. I can let you get back to it," he offered, getting back up and making me wonder yet again if he was teasing me.
Some urge came over me then, to not let him walk away. I knew it was an opening I'd been waiting for, and yet, the whole interaction felt like a product of my crazy, lust-driven imagination.
"I was going to head out soon anyway," I said before he could get more than a couple of steps away. "You can have the table. Or you could walk me to the bus stop?"
He smiled back and nodded. "Yeah, sure."
I packed up my things slowly, trying to take a minute to build up courage.
He led the way out of the coffee shop, holding the door for me as I stepped out into the warm afternoon air. I pointed right to direct him toward the bus stop I needed, and we started walking.
"I'm Graham, by the way," he said first.
"Kate," I told him.
"Ok, Kate, tell me more about this story you're writing."
I laughed a little to cover up my awkwardness.
"Well, it's about a woman who's been feeling unfulfilled, and thinking about making changes in her life," I answered vaguely.
"Unfulfilled," he repeated thoughtfully. "How so?"
I shrugged, fighting off the embarrassed smile on the corners of my lips. I felt a sudden need to tell the truth bubbling up inside me, and I decided to spit it out before I had the chance to second-guess it. "Mainly sexually."
Graham's eyes snapped to mine. "Oh, yeah?"
I met his gaze, feigning the confidence I wanted to feel, and nodded. "It's kind of autobiographical, actually."
He froze up a little, missing a step as we walked, and I slowed my pace to match his.
"So, what changes is your character thinking about making?" he asked, playing along.
"Well, she's thinking about what could happen if she gave herself permission to go after what she really wants."
Graham slowed as we neared the bus stop, turning to face me.
I stepped closer until there were mere inches between us, still looking up slightly, to meet his eyes.
"And what does she want, exactly?" Graham asked, his voice noticeably lower, deeper.
I glanced around before looking back at him and answering, lowering my voice as well. "She really just wants to be fucked. By almost anyone, even a complete stranger."
Graham swallowed.
Just then, the bus rumbled towards the stop. We both turned to look. In my peripheral vision, I saw Graham turn back to me first. I took an extra moment before meeting his gaze again, giving us each a chance to decide if we could actually take things further, or if I would get on the bus as planned.
"I drove here. My car is parked just around the block that way," Graham shared, pointing past the coffee shop to the next block.
I watched as the bus came to a stop; the doors opening near us. While others around us at the stop filed on, I pretended to contemplate my decision. I bit my lip, trying to hide my growing smirk.
When the bus doors closed again, Graham smiled back. Then, he took my hand and said, "C'mon," as he started leading me back the way we came, at a much faster pace this time.
We practically sprinted the entire way. Graham only let go of my hand as we neared his car, a dark gray Jeep Rubicon. He reached into his pocket to get his keys, clicking the remote to unlock the doors. Then, in an unexpectedly gentlemanly gesture, he opened the passenger side door for me.
"Ladies first," Graham said with a wink.
"Thanks," I smiled, blushing deeper as I climbed inside. I felt a flutter in my stomach that moved lower as I thought about what double meaning his words might hold.
As Graham closed the door behind me and jogged around to the driver's side, I turned in my seat to face him, ready to jump on him as soon as he sat next to me.
He climbed in and shut the door, turning to me and asking, "Do you know where you want to go?"
I just shook my head, smirking and already leaning in.
"Nowhere," I answered, gripping the back of his neck and pulling him in until our lips met.
I deepened the kiss hungrily, grabbing fistfuls of his shirt and tugging him closer, moaning into him as I sucked on and bit his bottom lip and licked it better. I slid my hands up into his dark, close-cropped hair and gripped it between my fingers.
When I felt his hands sliding over my waist and hips to my ass, I moaned and tugged lightly on his hair. Then he squeezed, digging his fingertips in and dragging me closer.
I gasped and moaned into him, the familiar throbbing in my pussy urging me on. So when Graham combed his fingers into my hair and started kissing down my neck, I reached over and put my hand on the bulge in his jeans, rubbing firmly. I heard and felt his growl as I kept rubbing him, a vibration against my neck. Then I reached for his belt buckle.
"Fuck," Graham pulled back and cursed, looking down to watch the progress of my hands as I went straight for the button and zipper of his jeans.
"Your cock feels so big and hard. I'm dying to suck it, but I really need to feel you inside of me first. Right now. I'll suck you after if you have the time."
He cursed again, looking out the window and glancing around as if to gauge the odds that we'd gain an audience.
I was expecting him to object to doing it right here in public, but what he actually said was, "I don't have any condoms with me."
I knew it was stupid and dangerous, but I didn't care. And honestly, the thought of having his bare cock inside of me only turned me on more.
"I don't care," I told him, hiking my dress up and sliding my panties down and off quickly. "I just need you inside of me, filling me up."
Without giving him a chance to react or respond, I climbed over the center console onto his lap.
"Slide the seat back as far as it'll go," I breathed.
Graham reached down to adjust the lever as I eased onto him.
"You're so sexy," he muttered, laying back and pulling me onto him.
Once I was settled with my knees resting on either side of him, I kissed him again and reached for his cock, pulling it out from his underwear and stroking it. I leaned up a bit and started rubbing the head of his cock between my pussy lips, then pressing it onto my clit.
He growled and pulled back from the kiss, pushing me back so he could watch what I was doing, panting and cursing intermittently.
As soon as I moved the head of his cock from my clit, Graham replaced it with two of his fingertips, deftly rubbing and rolling around my nub.
Then it was my turn to moan and curse. I leaned up and positioned his cock to enter me as he kept rubbing. I was so wet that I could slide onto him in one quick motion, taking in all eight-ish inches of him in one go.
We both froze for a moment as soon as I was seated with his cock all the way deep inside of me. We looked at one another with furrowed expressions of pleasure, pulling each other back in for another kiss, and holding on, squeezing around one another.
Then Graham guided me into motion with his hands on my hips.
I rode him hard and fast, writhing up and down on his cock desperately while he held my hips and pushed up into me.
We cursed and moaned and yelled out, and I could feel that I was building up to the most intense orgasm in as long as I could remember.
"I'm gonna cum so fucking hard!" I told him.
"Holy shit, you feel so fucking good. This is so fucking hot. You're so fucking hot," he muttered back.
Then a car horn interrupted us.
We both cursed and froze, looking up to find the source of the noise. A white SUV had pulled up right next to us with a middle-aged woman driver. She stared at us with an angry expression and yelled about calling the police, and something about there being a school around the corner.
With that, I scrambled off of Graham's lap and back across the console while he crammed himself back in his pants and readjusted his seat, holding a hand up to the woman in a gesture of apology.
"Sorry, we're going!" Graham yelled through the closed windows.
He turned the car on, and we both snickered and laughed as he pulled out from the spot.
"Fuck," he muttered once we were on our way.
"Bad fucking timing," I groaned. "I was so close."
He looked back at me, his chestnut-colored eyes glazed over with lust.
"We can go back to my place," he offered.
I shook my head, looking around until I spotted something promising.
"There!" I pointed at a multi-level parking garage coming up on the right. "It's closer."
"What if we get honked at again?" he laughed.
I laughed with him. "Go to the top level. It'll be empty."
Graham just gave me a look and a smile before saying, "Fuck it," and turning into the garage.
I laughed as he pulled in and we wound our way up to the top.
The top level of the garage was the rooftop. There were a few other cars parked there, but no people were around. There was still a risk of being seen by someone looking out a window in one of the taller surrounding buildings, but it was a risk I was excited to take.
Graham pulled into a spot and put the Jeep in park, turning off the engine. Then he turned to smile at me. "Where were we?"
I smiled back and started climbing back over the console. "Let me see if I can remember."
Graham put his seat down again, and we resumed our positions. He pulled me into a kiss, cupping my cheek and then holding behind my neck.
I ran my hands up his chest, over his arms, then reached to the hem of his shirt and tugged until he leaned forward for me to pull it up and over his head.
He kissed me again as I ran my hands over his bare neck, shoulders, and pecs, making my way down.
His hands slid up my thighs and around to squeeze my ass as I pulled his cock back out, finding him sticky from being inside of me as I stroked him.
"Mmmm," I moaned. "I can't wait to taste your cock after I cum on it."
"Fuuuck," he growled, his eyes and hands roaming over me. "Where the fuck did you come from, Kate?"
I just smirked down at him, laughing a little and then gasping as I sat back down on his cock.
As I rode him, I followed his gaze to the strap from my dress that had fallen off my shoulder, revealing most of my bra. I pulled the other strap down and slipped my arms out of the holes, letting the dress bunch around my waist. Then I reached back to unhook my bra, discarding it onto the passenger seat.
Graham's eyes were trained on my large breasts. His hands followed, and he growled as he squeezed them together, leaning in to suck on them one at a time before burying his face between them.
"God, your tits are perfect," he muttered into them.
I moaned, loving the way his eyes and hands roamed all over me as I rode his cock.
"You weren't expecting to get a wet pussy with your coffee today, were you?" I asked, clenching around him.
"Holy shit," Graham muttered, clearly overwhelmed by sensation.
I kept squeezing as I leaned up, until he nearly slipped out of me, then slid all the way back down onto his lap, moaning and smirking down at him.
"No, I fucking wasn't," he continued. "I feel so lucky right now. I'm so glad I came up to you. I almost talked myself out of it, but you just looked so sexy there working on your computer."
I picked up my pace, hands on his shoulders, grinding and bouncing on his cock. "Yeah?"
"Yeah. Fuck! I'm so close already. Your pussy is so tight around my cock."
"Put your hands back on my ass," I moaned, directing him to guide me like he had earlier.
He slid his hands up my thighs and over my hips, then grabbed two handfuls of my ass and squeezed, using his hold to pull me on and off of his cock. "Like that?"
"Yeah, just like that," I moaned, reaching down to rub my clit as I rode him.
"You like it when I pull you onto my cock like that?"
"Yesssss!" I moaned. "That feels so good. Keep talking. Hearing you talk like that is turning me on so much."
Graham groaned, focused on maintaining control as long as he could. "You're such a dirty slut, aren't you?"
I moaned, feeling a sudden throb of pleasure in my pussy. "Yessss, I am. Does that turn you on?"
"Yeah, it does."
"You've been wanting a dirty slut like me to fill up with your cum?" I could feel him gaining momentum with everything I said.
"Yeah."
"You want to fill all of my holes, don't you?"
"OH FUCK! I'm gonna cum!"
He seemed to say it as a warning, maybe assuming I wouldn't really want a stranger to cum inside my pussy, despite what I'd said earlier.
"Yeah, I want you to fill me up with your cum!" I said again, erasing any doubt.
He still seemed hesitant, holding on.
So I fought back, riding him harder, clenching my pussy around him again and holding as long and as tight as I could.
"I'm going to cum with you!" I shouted amidst moans and curses, hoping to push him over the edge.
Sure enough, Graham buckled under me then, thrusting his hips up hard, impaling me on his cock.
I could feel multiple hot streams of cum shooting into me and gasped, watching his furrowed facial expression and smirking. I kept rubbing my clit and riding him until I came on his cock, yelling out and writhing on him, my thighs quaking from the intense release.
Graham growled and cursed, reaching up to grab my breasts, pinching my nipples as I came, adding another sensation to my pleasure.
We calmed down slowly, the sound of our heavy breathing consuming the small enclosed space in the car. It wasn't cold enough outside for the windows to steam up, but the air in Graham's Jeep smelled of sex with all the windows up. It was surprisingly intoxicating. Enough to dissuade me from suggesting that we open the windows.
Our eyes met, and I watched the giddy grin spread over his face as he lay back. I smiled and chuckled a little, not in a rush to move off of him.
"That was amazing," I gushed. "I really needed that."
"Yeah?" he asked.
I nodded. "Feeling more fulfilled already."
He laughed. "Good, happy to help."
"And it was good for you, too?" I asked, coyly.
He scoffed and chuckled again. "You couldn't tell?!"
I laughed along. "Just wanting to hear you say it."
He smirked back, shaking his head. "That was by far the single hottest experience of my life so far. How's that?"
I nodded, blushing. "That's great to know." Then, after a brief pause, I urged myself to say more. "Sorry, I don't mean to be insecure. It's just that I've been going through some stuff and not quite feeling like myself lately. So, it's just nice to hear the praise, I guess."
He stared back at me with those deep, warm eyes, examining me as if trying to read my expression like he might read a book.
Under Graham's unreadable gaze, I became more anxious with each passing moment until I couldn't take it anymore. "What are you thinking?"
He shook his head slightly. "Just wondering what could've possibly made someone like you feel insecure, I guess."
I felt my flush ramping up again and looked down, shrugging slightly.
"You don't have to tell me anything. I didn't mean to pry. But I've barely known you for half an hour, and I can already tell you're special, Kate."
I couldn't help smiling warmly at him. His words were so sweet. They also made me feel guilty enough to admit some more of my truth.
"I should probably tell you I'm married."
Graham froze up, his eyes assessing my expression as if searching for some evidence, a wink or a smirk, that might suggest I was kidding. He didn't find it.
"You're... what?!"
"Sorry if it was wrong not to tell you."
"So you have an open marriage?" he asked. "Or is he gonna want to kick my ass?"
I laughed a little and shook my head, trying to dispel his concerns. "No, he doesn't know. I'm not planning to tell him."
Graham looked back at me, searching my eyes as he said, "That's pretty fucked up."
But he didn't push me off of him or make any move towards getting up. I could feel his cock twitching inside of me, still hard, or perhaps growing hard again. So I called his bluff.
"That's not really how you feel, is it?"
Graham didn't answer.
"I don't know if it's an early midlife crisis type thing, or maybe I just miss having this kind of freedom and... fun, I guess. I don't have a ton of fun nowadays. Every day is just work and taking care of my kids and cooking and cleaning and feeling so exhausted all the time. I'm supposed to be at work today, but I called in sick to sit in that coffee shop and write for a few hours. I just needed a little time for myself. But it's all just fantasy. Or at least it was until you came and sat with me."
Graham still looked uncertain, processing everything I'd said.
I could feel his cock swelling, taking up more space in my pussy, my swollen walls squeezing around him. I ran my fingertips along his chest and abs, and clenched myself around him in pulses.
Graham swallowed a moan, shifting under me a bit, but not attempting to get me off his lap.
"What will you do if he finds out?" he asked, finally.
I shrugged. "I'm not sure. I guess I would have to tell him the truth and see where we could go from there."
"Do you have your ring with you?" he asked.
"Yeah, I'm my bag," I answered, indicating the shoulder bag holding my laptop and other things.
I wondered why he'd asked that. A small thrill of hope tingled in my stomach and my pussy, hoping he was leading where I thought he might be.
"Put it back on," he ordered, confirming my curiosity.
My chest heaved, and I let out a breathy moan. His order sent a straight shot of arousal to my pussy, fresh wetness seeping around his cock.
Without climbing off of him, I leaned over carefully and reached for my bag, hefting it onto the console and reaching in to unzip the little inside pocket where I had placed my rings when I got to the coffee shop that morning.
There were two: an engagement ring and a wedding band. I felt Graham's eyes on me, watching my every move as I extracted the rings and slid them back onto my left ring finger. Then, I put my hands back on his chest, running them over his taught pecs and shoulders, then down his arms.
I felt him tensing up, his cock pulsing a bit more inside me.
He took my left hand and held it up in front of his face to inspect the rings more closely. They were both white gold. The wedding band had a simple, small diamond in the center, and the engagement ring had a larger, teardrop-shaped diamond, with smaller, round diamonds on either side.
"Beautiful," Graham said.
"They are," I agreed.
"Did you take them off hoping something like this would happen?"
"I'm not really sure why I took them off," I answered honestly, shrugging and blushing. "I guess it just puts me in a sexier mood when I'm writing."
Graham took a minute to contemplate that as he played with the rings on my finger. "Your husband picked them out?"
I shook my head. "No. I did."
"Is that how you wanted it to go?"
I shrugged a little. "He said he wanted me to pick it out. He wanted me to have what I liked."
"If I were with you and about to ask you to marry me, I would already know what you liked."
I was surprised by how much those words turned me on. I sighed again, and my hips started an involuntary grinding motion.
He easily picked up on my reaction, letting my hands go to rub and squeeze my thighs. "It turns you on to hear me talking like that, doesn't it?"
"Yessss," I hissed, grinding harder.
Graham groaned. "Your pussy is so wet right now. Full of our cum."
"Yeah," I breathed.
"It's hot to think about you going home to him with my cum inside of you. Does that turn you on, too? Is that why you wanted my bare cock to fill you up so badly?"
"Fuck!" I cursed, bucking over him and riding him again.
"Mmmm, my dirty little slut wants more cum?"
"Yes!" I yelled. "I want to suck your cock and taste our juices together! And then I want to feel you fucking my face."
"Fuck yeah, I want that too. Let's get in the back where there's more room," Graham suggested.
But I had other plans. I shook my head and smirked, grabbing the door handle and opening the driver's side door, carefully climbing off of Graham's lap and stepping out of the Jeep.
"I really want to be down on my knees in front of you, feeling you use my mouth," I told him, grabbing his hand to pull him outside with me.
Graham cursed and followed, his big, thick cock leading the way, glistening in the sunlight. He looked around again, making sure the coast was still clear.
I started to kneel, but Graham stopped me, grabbing my arm gently.
"Wait," he said, walking around to the back of the Jeep.
He opened the trunk and took out a folded dark gray wool blanket, then placed it on the ground as a cushion for my knees.
I blushed and smiled at his thoughtfulness. "Thanks."
He smiled back. "I think it's the least I can do."
I laughed at that as I knelt before him, looking up and keeping hold of his gaze as I wrapped my hand around his messy cock. Then I leaned in right away, swirling my tongue around his head for a taste. It was salty and a little bitter, almost metallic tasting. Knowing that I was tasting our combined juices on his cock turned me on to no end.
Graham cursed and tensed as I moaned around him.
"You like tasting yourself on my cock?" he asked.
"Mm hmm," I agreed. "You taste great, too."
"Mmmm good," he groaned, brushing my hair back and holding it loosely behind my head.
"I feel your cum dripping down my thighs," I shared.
"Ohhh fuck," Graham growled, twitching in my hand. "That's so hot."
I smirked and leaned in again, licking him all over, cleaning his cock, and his balls, too.
"Shit! God, your mouth feels fucking amazing, Kate," he muttered, watching as I licked him clean.
Then I wrapped my lips around him and took him gradually deeper, feeling his hands on my head a bit more firmly as I sucked him.
I was about to pull back to reassure and remind him I wanted him to get rough with me and fuck my face, but he didn't need to be told twice.
Before I could pull back, Graham gripped my hair tighter, pulling me on and off of his cock.
I moaned and rested my hands on his hips to brace myself, keeping my eyes trained on his, opening my throat as much as possible.
"FUCK!" Graham shouted as he forced himself further down my throat until my lips nearly met the skin of his torso. "I'm so fucking lucky to have found such a good little slut in that coffee shop today. But not as lucky as your husband, to have such a dirty wife. If you ever decide to tell him the truth about what a cock hungry slut you are, I want to fuck you in front of him and make him watch me fill all your holes."
I gasped when Graham finally released his hold on my head, letting me catch my breath. His words sent another jolt of pleasure through me, and I felt more wetness seeping from my throbbing pussy. I moaned and reached down to rub my clit while I continued stroking him, looking up and waiting for him to pull my mouth back onto his cock.
"More!" I begged, opening my mouth for him again.
"Fuck yes, that's it. Take this big hard cock down your throat. You said I could use all your holes. Did you mean it?"
I moaned affirmatively, feeling a tingle of excitement in anticipation of what he wanted next.
Then he pulled himself back out of my mouth again, suddenly.
"I want to hear you say it," he prompted.
I was so turned on that my moan came out as a whimper.
"Please Graham, I want you to take my ass," I begged, looking right up at him, into his eyes.
Graham growled and took a step back, pulling me to my feet and then pushing on my back until I was bent over the front seat of the Jeep, leaning on my elbows. He pushed my dress up over my ass and brought his hand down hard with a slap.
"Fuck!" I shrieked, more from surprise than pain. I followed up with a moan and once again begged for more. "Please slap my ass again!"
Graham complied with another slap right away and I shuddered, reaching down to touch myself again, two fingers rubbing a circular pattern over my clit.
"Are you close?" he asked, evidently having noticed the quiver of my thighs again, and my hand between my legs.
Before I could reply, I was already coming undone, rubbing frantically and pushing my ass back to grind against Graham's cock, my hips jerking up in uncontrollable spastic motions. Another hard slap on my ass caused aftershocks to my orgasm.
It was so intense that my whole body sagged as I came down. My legs felt like jelly.
Graham seemed to notice and helped by holding me up by my hips.
"I want you to come again while I'm in your ass," he ordered.
I was so spent already that my whole body shivered at the thought. But I didn't dare tell him to stop. I wanted everything and anything he'd ask me to do, implicitly.
I expected to feel his cock pushing into my asshole right away, but I was pleasantly surprised by his tongue instead. I gasped and cursed, turning around to watch as Graham buried his face in my ass.
He rolled his tongue around in a circular motion, then rubbed it flat all over and around my tight opening. His moans vibrated against me, enhancing the pleasure.
Next, I felt his finger rubbing around my hole, following the circular path his tongue had just marked, and pressing inside a bit at a time. There was a pinch on my ass cheek, and it took me a moment to register that he'd just bitten me there.
"Fuck!" I moaned desperately, laughing a little and looking over my shoulder at Graham.
"Sorry, I couldn't resist," he smirked.
"It's ok," I laughed.
I went back to rubbing my clit, feeling myself building towards another orgasm. I loved the feeling from the penetrating motion of Graham's finger, in and out of my ass, and felt more juices flowing from my pussy. I kept moaning, encouraging him to continue.
"Tell me when you're close again," he commanded, increasing the tempo of his fingering.
"I already am!" I yelled back.
"Yeah?"
"Yes!" I gasped. Then, to encourage him, I added, "I want you to take my ass!"
I heard a low groan as Graham removed his finger, rubbing his hands over my ass and squeezing. He rubbed the head of his cock between my pussy lips, getting it wet to make for a smoother entry.
I realized gratefully that he must not be new to anal sex. But even with all the preparation, I was still nervous about accommodating his size. ﻿
"Have you ever had a cock as big as mine in your ass before?" Graham asked, as if reading my mind.
"No," I admitted, shaking my head in case he couldn't hear me above the traffic noise from the streets below.
"Your husband is smaller?" he asked.
"Yeah," I admitted. I looked back over my shoulder to make sure he heard me. "He's not as thick as you are, either. But he still has a hard time fitting in my ass. Even after a toy or butt plug."
Graham growled, reaching to gather my hair into a ponytail in his fist, then pulling.
"Ohhhhh fuck!" I whimpered, arching my back.
"You love having your ass filled, don't you, you filthy slut?"
I moaned loudly in response, reaching down to keep rubbing my pussy after feeling another gush with Graham's words.
"You want my big cock in your tight little hole?" he continued.
"Yes!" I yelled back, barely waiting for him to finish the question.
"Tell me, then," he demanded.
Graham's commanding attitude drove me wild. I knew he wasn't the only one who had gotten lucky.
I let go, aiming to turn him on as much as I could with my words. "I want to feel your giant cock in my ass, Graham! Please! I'm gonna cum so hard when I feel you stretching me, gaping my slutty asshole. I want it so much!"
I could hear his ragged breathing and the sound of his hand sliding rapidly on the moist skin of his cock. Then he was there, pushing into my ass as we both groaned and cursed. He got in past the head with his first push, his cock rock hard by that point. Then, he pulled back out and pushed in again and again, working on creating a gap in his size. He gradually pushed in deeper, bit by bit, until I felt like I might split in half.
"Fuck!" I yelled.
"Ok?" Graham asked, panting.
"Yeah, don't stop," I begged.
It was painful enough that I knew it would be hard for me to cum, but I was determined. So I rubbed my clit and took in my surroundings, letting the context of the moment increase my arousal.
I thought about how long I'd been wanting to be fucked by someone new, and how good it felt to be taking control of my pleasure in this way; fucking a stranger in public.
I thought about how we'd already been caught by a random woman. She'd watched us having sex, even if it was just for a few moments. And there could be others watching from nearby buildings as Graham bent me over his car and fucked my slutty married ass.
Then I thought about all of Graham's hot, dirty talk. The way he seemed to get even more turned on when I told him I was married. How eager he was to fuck all of my holes, turning me into a moaning, begging, wanton, dirty married slut.
Those thoughts and the image in my mind of Graham fucking my ass, as if I were outside of my body watching from above, were enough to bring me close to the edge again.
"FUCK, your ass feels so fucking tight! I'm not gonna make it much longer," Graham muttered, his fingers digging into my cheeks and spreading them while he fucked me.
Hearing that he was so close again already brought me closer, too.
"It's okay, I'm about to cum!" I shouted. Then I gave him some instructions that would put me over the edge. "Pull back for a minute and just keep sliding the head of your cock in and out."
There was a groan, and then I felt Graham pull out. Then he pushed the head of his cock back in, as requested. In and out, in and out.
My moans turned into yells as I rubbed my clit and felt a tremendous wave come over me. The best yet.
"Ohhhhhh my god!" I whimpered as I gave into the pleasure, my body writhing and jerking.
I pushed my ass back onto Graham's cock further amid my orgasm, causing him to slide deeper into my ass than before.
"Shit, I'm cumming!" he yelled, just before I felt the first spurt in my ass. He growled, pushing in deeper to fill me.
Graham held himself deep in my ass after cumming, squeezing my hips and rocking his hips, fucking his cum deeper into me.
We both moaned and basked in the feeling for a few more moments before he finally slid out of me with another groan.
"That felt so fucking incredible," he gushed.
I leaned back up to stand, but he stopped me with a gentle hand on my back.
"Wait, fuck! You look so sexy with my cum dripping out of your ass and your pussy like this. That's the hottest goddamn thing I've ever seen in my life."
I smirked and blushed, arching around to look at him, wishing I could see it myself. I was about to tell him so when I suddenly had an idea.
"Take a picture," I told him.
His gaze lifted from my ass to meet my eyes again. "Seriously?"
I smirked and nodded. "Yeah. I want you to have it to look back at while you jerk off. It'll be so hot to know you have it and touch yourself thinking about me like that."
"Fuck!" Graham barked, laughing again. "You're gonna kill me. I'm hard again."
I laughed along, but then made sure he knew I was serious. "Take it! Or at least take one for me. I want to see it, too."
"Jesus fucking Christ," he muttered, still chuckling as he took his phone out of his jeans pocket.
I laughed with him, then watched as he took his time with the picture, or pictures, trying from different angles.
"I want to make sure I capture the gleam of the sun on all of that cum dripping down your pussy and legs. And to make sure my shadow's not blocking it," he explained.
"Mmmm, good thinking," I smirked over my shoulder.
He looked up and met my eyes, smirking back.
"Okay, how's this?" Graham asked, turning the phone towards me so I could see once he was satisfied that he'd gotten the best possible shot.
I stood up, holding my dress up around my waist to keep it from getting sticky.
"That's really hot," I agreed. "Will you send it to me?"
Graham looked back at me, eyebrows raised. "Yeah?"
I nodded. "If you don't mind?"
He just smirked and clicked the share button on the picture, then handed the phone to me to type in my number.
I entered my number and saved it as a new contact called, "Coffee Shop Slut," and then handed the phone back.
Graham snickered when he saw what I'd done. "Nice."
I laughed along.
"You want me to call you sometime?" he asked, redressing.
"Yeah," I smirked. "Text me about meeting for coffee if you want to hook up again. That'll be our code."
"Ok," he chuckled. "What are you gonna save me as in your contacts?"
"I don't know," I pondered.
"Coffee Shop Cock?" he suggested.
I laughed. "I think that would defeat the purpose of the code."
"True," he agreed.
"Do you have anything I can use to wipe off?" I asked.
He gave me a look, smirking slowly. "You should just leave it."
I laughed. "But it's going to make my dress stick to me!"
Graham laughed and gave in, picking the blanket off the ground. Rather than handing it to me, he moved closer, stepping right behind me. I felt his hands on my waist and then he turned me, bending me over against his Jeep again and crouching down with the blanket to wipe me off himself.
I moaned, feeling so turned on to have him taking care of the mess for me, and just feeling his hands on me again. I could feel him wiping off my ass cheeks and the backs of my thighs. Then he pulled my legs apart roughly, spreading me to wipe between my thighs, too.
"I'm not going to wipe off your pussy," he said, standing back up behind me.
"No?" I asked, intrigued to hear what he'd say next, feeling the anticipation building in my still-swollen pussy.
"No," he answered, gripping my hips, brushing his lips over my neck and shoulder. "I want you to go home to your husband with my cum still dripping out of you."
"Fuck," I breathed, closing my eyes and sighing as I leaned back against his chest, feeling my pussy clench yet again.
Then Graham bit my neck a little harder than before.
I gasped, my eyes flying back open, but I didn't pull away.
"Gonna have to have some kind of story ready, in case he discovers another man's cum in your pussy and ass, or my bite marks on your neck and ass," he breathed into my ear, nibbling and biting on the lobe.
Then I felt another hard slap on the side of my ass.
I gasped and yelped involuntarily.
"Or my handprints all over your ass," Graham added, caressing the tender skin he'd just reddened.
I was so wet for him again, and I could feel his once again hard cock pressing against my ass through his pants. I moaned and arched my head back onto his shoulder, reaching back to run a hand through his hair, holding him to me.
He ran his hands all over me, squeezing my still-bare breasts, rubbing over my stomach, then holding my hips and grinding his hard cock into me.
"I want you again. You turn me on so much, Kate. I can't believe how lucky I am to have found you in the coffee shop like that."
I moaned, smiling and grinding back against his cock, encouraging him.
I couldn't deny that everything Graham said and did turned me on beyond belief. I knew it was wrong. But the feelings of guilt that I thought I should have weren't there. Instead, I felt hungry for more, like I was on the verge of losing control.
Still, I put a stop to things before getting too carried away again. I pulled back slowly, turning to face him while gently pulling out of his arms.
"I think I better get going," I said with a gentle smile.
"Okay," he conceded with a sigh. "Keep me wanting more, is that it?"
"Something like that," I laughed.
Then I reached into the car for my bra and put it back on before readjusting my dress.
Graham wrapped the blanket into a ball with the sticky parts inside and put it back in the trunk before continuing to the passenger side of the Jeep and opening my door for me again.
"I have to say, I appreciate your 'ladies first' motto," I flirted as I climbed back up into the Jeep.
"Figured you would," he winked before closing the door after me.
I reached down to pick up my panties from the floor of the Jeep by my feet and slid them back on while Graham made his way back around to the driver's side.
"Good call on the parking structure. I guess we got lucky no one else came to the top floor," Graham said as he started the car, buckled, and then reached behind my seat to look behind us as he backed out of the spot.
"I don't know if lucky is the word I would use," I smirked. "But at least we didn't get interrupted again."
Graham laughed. "Yeah, that's for sure."
After we exited the garage, Graham offered to drive me home. I figured it was just another gentlemanly gesture, but I declined, feeling like it would be too risky. I told him the bus stop was fine, so he drove me the few blocks back to my stop near the coffee house.
He kissed me again before I climbed out of the Jeep and I smiled, feeling dizzy with pleasure and adrenaline from what we'd just done. At the last minute, I made one more move, slipping my panties back off and handing them to him to keep.
"In case you want something more than that photo to jerk off to," I offered with a smirk.
Graham bunched up my panties and brought them to his nose to smell them right away, groaning into them.
"Thanks," he said. "I'll let you know when I need a fresh pair."
I smiled back. "Sounds good."
We heard the next bus coming down the street, so I got out of the Jeep, waving one more goodbye through the closed window.