Well, not only was today not any better, but it was actually worse. After I finished writing last night, (at 1:00 AM,) I pulled the eggplant out my rear-end, and climbed into bed next to Justine. I woke up to a sharp pain in my left breast. It took me a second to realize the Justine had slapped me right on the nipple! She grabbed my ear, and pulled me up like I was some kind of kid, and proceeded to slap me all over my nude body. Every time I moved my hands, she would pick somewhere new to hit me. On my boobs, on my butt, and one time right between my legs! I had never been hit there, and I let out a screech. It felt like my vagina was on fire! Suddenly she just stopped and told me to go take a shower, do my makeup, and to meet her downstairs. Between sobs I asked her why she had done that, and she just smiled and said because it was fun. She told me I'd better hurry, or she'd do it again. She made a point of reminding me not to cover up in any way. The hot shower was a shock to my sore nipples and kitty, but fifteen minutes later I was standing at the front door, waiting for my next instruction.
When Justine started to head outside, I protested, asking where my clothes were. I knew right away I had made a big mistake. She stuck her hands between my legs, and pinched down hard on my "hood". The pain was unbelievable as she pinched my button, but thank God she eased up after just a second. She told me to put my hands behind my back and not to move them. With tears welling up in my eyes, I complied as quickly as I could. She proceeded to give me a spanking ... on my breasts! The first couple slaps stung a bit, but weren't too hard. Then she started hitting glancing blows upwards and downwards, making my boobs bounce up and down, and causing explosions of pain in my nipples. It had never occurred to me that a person could get a spanking there. It seems the depths of Justine's perversion know no bottom. It took all my self-control to not cover myself, but I was scared that Justine might rip my "lips" right off if I didn't follow instructions. To make the situation even more humiliating, Justine pulled me by my kitty right to my open front door. Thank God it was still dark out, and no one came by. After ten or so slaps to each boob, Justine hissed at me that I had better do exactly what I was told to for the rest of the day. We needed to go to her place so she could get dressed, and there was no way I was to be dressed before her.
With that, she pulled me out of my house, leading me over to my garage by my crotch. I think Justine was a little disappointed that we didn't run into anyone, but it was still really early. It was chilly out too, so Justine took pity on me and raised the roof on my convertible. She had me spread my legs wide, and fingered me the whole way to her bungalow. By the time we got there, the sun was up, so I have no idea how many people saw my bare naked ass going into her house.
Once inside, Justine had me sit on her couch, and she set a camcorder and tripod up in front of me. Within seconds I was looking at my naked body on her widescreen TV. She handed me a dildo she got out of a drawer, and told me to fuck myself (that's actually the way she said it) with it until she was ready to go. This was incredibly difficult. Brad was always trying to get me to masturbate in front of him, but it just made me so self-conscious. Now I was self-conscious, and SORE. The good news was that thanks to Justine's fingers in the car, I was well lubed. The bad news was that thanks to her work with the corncob last night, I was very tender down there. Even so, I started to get into it after a few minutes, sliding the phallus in and out of my kitty as I pinched and twisted my nipple. Soon I was covered in sweat and moaning as I got nearer and nearer to orgasm. It must have been the distraction of watching myself on the TV, but for whatever reason, I couldn't quite get there. I was exhausted, and my arms were cramping by the time Justine came back and told me I could stop. She had me suck the dildo clean on camera, and then opened her bag to give me my clothes.
She had picked out a silver silk blouse that I love, and a short charcoal wool skirt that I hadn't worn in years. She also had some thigh high stockings. Knowing Justine, I wasn't shocked that the bra, panties, and slip I normally would wear with this outfit were missing. When you're not wearing much, it doesn't take long to get dressed, and less than five minutes later we were out the door.
The drive to work left me absolutely breathless. Justine had me hike my skirt up over my waist, and her right hand played with me as she drove. At the first red light she reached over with her left hand and pulled my head in for a kiss. I felt like I had a butterfly farm in my stomach as we made out for twenty seconds. Her hands were running all over me, inside my blouse, in my crotch, everywhere. I know it isn't believable for me to say in this diary that I'm not a dyke, but I'm really not. But making out with Justine makes me just want to melt. She is the best kisser, and I don't care if she's a girl. Kissing her sends me over the moon. The whole drive to work went this way, with her fingering me while driving, and then necking while we were stopped. We had a couple people honk and cheer when they saw us, but thankfully no one followed us or anything.
Justine let me pull my skirt down before I got out of the car, but I felt so exposed as I walked into the office. My breasts swayed and bounced as I walked, and my nipples hardened into little bullets. My skirt was long enough to cover the tops of my stockings, but barely, and the breezes blowing across my crotch made me feel very naughty.
I had a meeting first thing with the partners to discuss the McIntyre case and our presentation tomorrow, so I was able to get away from Justine for an hour or so. All the partners (including Elaine!) seemed to spend a lot of time staring at my boobs, or my legs when I stood up to write on the white board. I don't think I flashed any thigh above the stockings, but they definitely saw the dark bands that told them I wasn't wearing pantyhose. Elaine stayed in the meeting room a few seconds longer than the other partners, and once we were alone she asked if I thought it was "dress like a bimbo week." I was so humiliated, and I felt my shot at making partner slipping away. She rolled her eyes and walked out on me.
The rest of the morning was in and out of meetings. Justine, Tina, Nicole and Melissa made a point of touching me every chance they could. They would pinch my nipples through my silk blouse as they passed me in the hall. Justine had me tuck my skirt into the waistband whenever I was in my office. Tina stopped me in the bathroom, unbuttoned by blouse down to the button between my nipples, and told me how much she was looking forward to when I would be "rimming" her. At one meeting I had Nicole and Melissa on either side of me while Derek was making a presentation. They had their hands on me whenever they thought no one could see. Melissa pretended to accidentally drop her notebook, and once she ducked under the table she reached up to unclasp my skirt and pull it down. I gasped, and put my hands down to stop her, but all the stares I got stopped me dead. Melissa pulled again, and I panicked. To avoid making a scene, I lifted my tush a little to let her take my skirt, hoping that she would give it back by the time the meeting ended. Like Justine said, if I got caught the game was over for them as well, and I thought that Justine would be very unhappy with them if they lost her new toy. (Me!!)
Melissa was back up in her chair, and I was now bottomless. She turned to watch Derek, blocking most people's view of my upper body. She also draped her left arm back over her chair. What most people couldn't see was that her hand was now in my lap. She quickly managed to insert a finger inside of me, and my hips started to thrust all on their own, slowly humping her finger. Nicole wheeled to be behind me, in a way that looked like she was trying to get a view, but she also got her hand near my breasts. Every few seconds she would reach up and pinch or pull on a nipple. Thank God Derek couldn't see this with Melissa in the way, but if anyone across the table had looked back at us they would have seen it. Thank God everyone kept their eyes on Derek. After a minute or so, Nicole actually slipped her hand inside my blouse, and began kneading my bare breast. I was panicked, but I was also approaching orgasm. All it would have taken was for one person to turn their head and my career would have been done. But I couldn't make them stop; I was just too desperate to cum. Suddenly Nicole pulled her hand down, and a half second later Elaine turned her head to look at me. Her face had a knowing look on it, but she didn't do anything. Derek finished his presentation, Melissa pulled her finger out of me, and the meeting went on as normal. Normal except, of course, that I was bottomless.
The three of us stayed seated as the meeting ended, and soon it was just us and Derek. Nicole went up to talk with him, and with her nubile little body inside a fuzzy sweater and skirt that was at least as short as mine, he was easily distracted. Thankfully, Melissa used this opportunity to give me my skirt back. I think he caught me lifting my butt out of the corner of his eye, but within seconds I was out of there.
Right after I got to my office, Justine let me know we were all going out to lunch. Fifteen minutes later, I was between Justine and Tina in the back of Melissa's car. Before we were out of the parking lot, they went to work on my clothes. Tina pulled my skirt up in front, and told me to lift my butt so she could lift my skirt. When I sat back down I expected to feel the cold seat against my bare butt, but instead I sat right on Tina's hand. She wiggled her finger a little, and soon it was pressing against my anus.
Meanwhile, Justine had unbuttoned my blouse down to my navel, and then peeled it off my shoulders. I was completely exposed as we drove to the mall. Justine kept saying how she loved playing with my big "titties" as she kneaded, jiggled, pulled and twisted them. All the while Tina used one hand to rub my crotch, while the other one worked a finger up my butt. I was flushed, sweating, and breathing hard as the two girls worked me over.
We pulled into a nearby mall, and Justine told me we would eat in the food court there. On one hand this was a relief, there was no chance I would run into any of the attorneys from our firm there. (They would never stoop to eating at the mall.) On the other hand I was terrified, because there would certainly be a lot of other people there. Justine made me get out without fixing my clothes and stand in the parking lot with my hands behind my back. All four of them proceeded to pinch and pull my exposed flesh while Justine explained the rules. They pinched my boobs, my nipples, my butt, my thighs, even my "lips." (And not the ones on my face!) I can't say it really hurt, but it was completely degrading to have to let them torture me like that. Justine explained that I was not to cover up, or adjust my clothes in any way. I had to keep my hands at my side, or preferably behind me, and when I sat I was required to keep my thighs spread so they came into my crotch at right angles. If I touched my clothes at all, or didn't sit properly, I would get a "spanking" like I had this morning, and maybe more punishment on top of that. The thought of Justine slapping my breasts was bad enough, but to think that the others would watch was unbearable. I vowed to myself that I would follow Justine's rules. I had no idea how hard that would be.
When I nodded that I understood, Justine pulled my blouse back up, and pulled my skirt out of my waistband.I was now technically legal, but I still felt very exposed. The blouse started to open almost immediately as I started walking, and I felt like every gust of wind was going to blow my skirt up. The wind was really whipping as we walked up to the front doors, and I saw several people's jaws dropped as the looked at my chest. My blouse was flapping in the breeze, and my left nipple was peeking in and out of view. It took every bit of my concentration to not move my hands.
Once inside the mall, Justine fixed my blouse again, saying that we couldn't get kicked out before we had lunch. That didn't stop her from caressing my breasts and pinching my nipples as she did it. We walked to the food court, and the girls sat down, and gave me their orders. I spent the next fifteen minutes being stared at by everyone in the place as I made a separate trip to get each girl's lunch. Twice I had a nipple exposed by the time I got back to the table. Thank God Justine would always cover me back up, but then she sent me back again. Guys were all ogling me, and several women were giving me very dirty looks. I heard some actually talking about how I must be a hooker. I wanted to scream at them that I'm an attorney, not some cheap slut, but I knew they wouldn't believe me.
Finally I brought Justine her lunch of a salad, some ice tea, and a bottle of beer. She told me to sit down between her and Tina. This left me with my back to the wall, facing the food court. The five us we at two small tables, but I was between them, so the tables did not block many people's view of me. Fortunately, the room was emptying after the lunch rush, and no one was too close to us. There were several guys, however, who had noticed me getting the food, and were watching me closely.
As I sat down, I worked hard to comply with my instructions for sitting. It was unbelievably hard to do! I kept looking down, and seeing that I still needed to open my legs even more. I've always been very careful to be ladylike, especially in short skirts, and it took all my will-power to not slam my legs closed tight. By the time I had my legs right, my left knee was touching Justine, and the right was touching Tina. Justine reached over and pulled my blouse to expose my left nipple, pinching it a little. That was more than I could take and before I knew what I had done, I had pulled the blouse back to cover my boob. Justine barked at me in a sharp voice, and told me to put my hands behind my back. She then pulled back my blouse to expose my left nipple again, and gave it a loud slap. Boy that got the attention of all the guys staring at me! She covered me back up, but then repeated the process on my right boob. I think that one guy watching us actually had an accident, I saw him running to the men's room all hunched over.
Needless to say, from then on I was very careful not to interfere with Justine or Tina. They proceeded to play with my body all through lunch. I thought that Justine wasn't going to let me eat, but she handed me the beer, telling me that was all I needed. I tried to protest that without any food I would be buzzed at work, and besides that I didn't even like Michelob. (I'm more of a Corona and lime girl.) Justine silenced me with a look, and I went to work on emptying the bottle. Sometimes Justine casually reached over and slipped her hand inside my blouse, kneading my breasts. Tina would reach in and snap her finger across my other nipple. They pinched, they pulled, and they twisted my poor boobs all through lunch. Soon there were dozens of people (mostly sleazy looking guys,) staring at us, and I thought security was going to throw us out, but nothing happened.
As the girls finished their lunches, and I was close to finishing my beer, Justine switched to rubbing my thighs, and then placed her hand on my crotch. By now I wasn't even surprised to find my self unconsciously humping her hand. As Tina cupped and jiggled my boobs I found myself thrusting my pelvis harder and harder onto Justine's hands. I had to close my eyes to stop thinking about all the people watching us. Suddenly Justine removed her hand, called me a horny slut, and asked if I was trying to get arrested. I was so frustrated I thought I was going to cry. Justine told me to finish my beer, that she had an assignment for me. I cringed inside to think what it might be.
As I swallowed the last of my beer, Justine tucked the front of my skirt up into the waist, exposing my wide open crotch to just about everyone. My audience of voyeurs seemed pleased, but then I noticed some teenage girls stop, point, and breakout into laughter. They grabbed a table nearby, and I could hear their catty comments about the "ho." I finished the beer, and Justine took the bottle from me. She nodded to Melissa and Nicole, who then moved their chairs a little, blocking the room's view of my crotch. I was thankful for this privacy, but I should have been wondering what it would cost me. Justine then explained to me that she and Tina had a bet. Tina thought that I was such tight, stuck-up, old maid bitch that my pussy would so tight you couldn't get a pencil up it. Justine said that she knew I was a slut and a whore, and that my cunt would be loose enough to drive a semi through. That was the language she used, it was horrifying in its crudeness. She told me that for her to win, I would have to insert the beer bottle inside myself, (she used other words, but I just can't anymore,) to show how "loose" I was. For a few seconds I was speechless, and then I started to tell her how I couldn't, how it was obscene, how I would get arrested doing it in public. Justine grabbed me by my lower lips, just like she did this morning, making me stop mid-sentence.
She let me know that either I could do this myself, or she would bend me over the table and do it herself. Except that she would stick it up my ass instead, and that she would stick the bottom of the bottle in first. I was completely horrified. Now, I know that she couldn't really do that. I mean even with what she did to me last night, it just wasn't possible to get an upside beer bottle up my rectum. Still though, I was smart enough to know that she might try.
Justine handed me the bottle, and after a few seconds I lowered it to my crotch. I saw all the voyeurs crane their necks, to see what I was doing. I rubbed the opening of the bottle on my vagina lips for a while, but I was so well lubed from everything else that had happened that soon I had an inch or so of the bottle inserted. Now I realized why Justine had picked the Michelob. The bottle doesn't really have a neck, it's more cone shaped, so every bit more I inserted it spread me even more. I persevered, and soon I was working half the bottle in and out of my sex. I noticed that the teenaged girls were actually standing now and could see exactly what I was doing. Everyone on this side of the food court seemed to be staring. By the time I had three quarters of the bottle in, I was sweating, and starting to pant. I slid forward on the seat to get better leverage, and with one last push, I managed to get it all the way in. I heard the teenagers squeal in revulsion, and the law clerks cheered that Justine won the bet. I was too far gone though, I knew I was about to cum. I worked hard, humping my hand, with the bottle up into my womb, and I felt the beginnings of a monster orgasm.
And all of a sudden I was soaking wet and ice cold. Nicole and Melissa had taken the two super-sized Root Beers I had bought them, and tossed them right into my blouse and onto my crotch. As the ice caught in the fabric, I gasped from the cold. I lost my grip on the bottle, and it slid most of the way out by itself. Justine used a napkin and grabbed it before I could react. Everyone started laughing at me as I sat there soaking wet and shivering. My outfit was ruined with sticky root beer. My blouse now hid absolutely nothing, and I wanted to cum so badly I felt like kicking and screaming.
Justine laughed, grabbed me by the elbow, and led me to the women's room. Within seconds of getting there, she had the blouse, skirt, stockings, and shoes off of me. She handed them to Melissa, asking her to get those cleaned, and for her to find something more suitable for me to wear. I whined to Justine, begging her not to make me go back to work in some outfit she came up with, and she patted my cheek and told me not to worry my pretty little head. It was so condescending, but so help me I felt relieved. She told Tina to call in and tell the office manager that we had eaten some bad sushi, and none of us would be back in. I tried to protest that McIntyre was coming in tomorrow, and that I should really polish the presentation, but she just patted my cheek again, and told me that she was sure I could handle it. I always like to be completely prepared, but in truth, she was right, I had done most of the work last week, and it's not like he'd really know anyway.
Justine handed me some paper towels, and told me that I'd better clean myself off before the Root Beer dried. As soon as I wet the towels and was cleaning my naked body, I heard the door open, and a voice say that "she's in here, and she's NAKED." Seconds later, the five teenage girls were in the restroom with us, laughing at me, and asking questions. Justine explained that I was her "sex-slave," and that this really turned me on. She told them that I didn't talk, and that I had to do whatever I was told. I didn't need my law degree to figure out that I had better not talk while these girls were around. The girls looked at me and giggled. One of them asked if I'd really do anything. Justine looked at me and told me to put my hands behind my back, and hop on one foot. Everyone started laughing at me as I jumped up and down, my breasts bouncing obscenely. Justine had me do some jumping jacks, and then turn around and touch my toes as well. When the girls asked, Justine told them it was fine to take some pictures. I was so humiliated as I had to stay bent over with my legs spread, showing them absolutely everything.
I was so relieved when Melissa came back with something for me to wear. Unfortunately that relief only lasted until I saw what she had brought me. As soon as I looked at them, I blurted out that she'd brought me two tops. I looked closely, and it was definitely a white T-shirt, and a white tube top. I looked at Justine, confused. Melissa called me a stupid cow, and told me that I was to wear the tube top as a skirt. Everyone laughed at me as I stood there speechless. I kept trying to think of what I could do to get out of this, but my brain seemed to be stuck. I was terrified at what Justine might do to me if I didn't do what she told me too. The girls continued to take pictures of me with their phones, and I started to worry that I was going to become a star of the internet. I stepped into the tube top, and pulled it up to my hips. The thing was incredibly tight, and difficult to arrange so that it covered much of anything. After a several seconds of fiddling with it, I managed to get it to cover my crotch and most of my butt. It was so tight that there would be no doubt that I was pantyless. Sitting, even if Justine would let me keep my legs crossed, was not an option. The thing barely went below my crotch.
As quickly as possible I pulled the T-shirt on. It was incredibly small as well; I think she got it from the juniors' section. It was super tight, to the point that it was uncomfortable on my biceps. It was supposed to bare the wearer's midriff, but in my case it squeezed my boobs out the bottom. It covered my nipples, but no matter how hard I pulled it down, I could not keep my boobs inside the shirt. Justine slapped my hands away, and told me that it was time to go shopping. I looked at myself in the mirror, and pleaded with her not to, that I looked like a trailer park whore. She just laughed and said that they had been very nice to get me those clothes, and that she would take them back if that's what I wanted. I told her no, and she pushed me towards the door. Right when I was about to open the door, Justine grabbed the hem of my "skirt" and pulled it up, turning it into a belt around my waist rather than a skirt. I shrieked, and automatically tried to pull it back down. Justine grabbed me by the ear and pulled me back into the bathroom, shouting at me that I was a stupid slut, and didn't I understand what rules were. She had me lift my top and put my hands on my head. I was so humiliated to have this kind of a spanking with eight other women watching, but after five slaps to each of my breasts, she found a way to make it worse.
She looked out at the other eight, and asked if anyone else wanted to help teach me a lesson. Naturally Tina rushed at the chance. She tweaked, twisted, flicked, and stretched my nipples between her hard slaps to my breasts. It really hurt, and I found myself blinking back tears. Nicole and Melissa were not quite as cruel, but theyh each gave my boobs some pretty hard slaps. After this, they all looked at the teenagers, to see if they would take a turn. They were all too scared to move, and I thought I might be off the hook, but finally one of them came forward. She was just a skinny little thing, and she seemed very unsure of what to do. Finally, she laughed that she had never seen tits this big as she reached out and jiggled them. Justine told her to go ahead, to let me have it. She said that I was the type that had always made fun of girls for being flat-chested, (that's not really true, I've only done that a few times,) and this was the girl's chance to get even. The girl got an evil grin on her face, and proceeded to slap my boobs almost as hard as Tina had. The other teenagers took their turn, and by the end I was crying openly, and my boobs were an even shade of pink.
Justine adjusted my top and my skirt so that I was mostly covered, and we walked out into the mall. Not only were the bottom of my breasts on display, but their bright pink color attracted even more attention. People would stop and stare at me as we walked. Guys made vulgar propositions, women called me a slut, I wanted to crawl under a rock and die. We got to a clothing store, and Justine told me to go in and try on different tops right in the middle of the store until I got kicked out. I hissed at her that I'd get arrested, but she insisted that I'd just get kicked out. She told me that I could talk, but that I was not to give any reason for my behavior, and that I should leave the store as soon as I was asked.
I walked in the store, and I noticed that the teenagers were staying near me to see what happened. I found a rack of tank tops, took a deep breath, and pulled off the T-shirt. I heard a woman swear, and looked over to see an older lady calling me a floozie and telling me to put my top on. She didn't work at the store, so I ignored her. I tried on a tank top, and went to look at myself in the mirror. I walked back to the rack, took it off, and stood there topless and picked out another top. I repeated this three times when a girl from the store came over. She looked at me crossly, and asked what, exactly, I thought I was doing. I had just pulled off one of the store's tops, so I was stuck talking to her topless. I knew Justine wouldn't want me to cover up, so I just stood there with my boobs in plain view and told her that I was trying on clothes. Her eyes dropped to my breasts, and I could see the shock on her face as she registered how pink they were. She recovered quickly and told me that I'd better cover up and get out of her store, or she'd call security. I thanked her (sincerely!) and quickly got out of there as I pulled my shirt on.
Everyone was laughing hysterically as I met them outside the store, and Justine put her arm around my shoulder as she told me what fun she was having. If I didn't feel so helpless around her, I would have tried to kill her! The humiliation was just unbearable.
Next Justine told me we were all going into another store, and I had a choice. I could try on clothes (although not in the changing rooms) for as long as I wanted, but when I was done with that, I should find a place to sit on the floor over by the changing rooms. I was horrified. I thought about it for a bit, and decided that Justine would make sure that I sat on the floor no matter what, so exposing my boobs wasn't really a way to avoid showing my kitty as a I sat on the floor. So I walked over to the changing rooms, and sat down on the floor. It took me a while to figure out how to sit with my thighs at ninety degrees. Finally I settled on sitting Indian-style. I got comfortable, and then looked down. The tube top/ skirt was now bunched up and resting way above my crotch. I was spread open like I was at the gynecologist's office, and there was nothing I could do to cover up. The store was geared towards young women, and several girls around Justine's age or younger walked by as I sat there. The reaction was pretty much always the same. They wouldn't notice me at first, and then they'd smile politely and act like they were about to say hello. And then they would look down and see my bare kitty, and just laugh. A couple made some derisive comments about all my junk hanging out, and a couple others told me I should go to the truck stops, since I wouldn't be able to turn any tricks there. I felt lower than I've ever felt.
Finally Justine came over and told me we were going, and she warned me not to touch my outfit as I stood up. I was so grateful to stand and put my thighs together, I didn't give any thought to what I looked like. When we entered the mall and I saw a couple guys stare at my crotch. When I looked down, I discovered that my "skirt" was still hiked up, and everything was exposed down there. It took all of my self-control to not scream and pull the skirt down to try to cover up. The spanking was still fresh in my mind though, so instead I started pleading with Justine to let me cover up.
We were now in the middle of the mall, and she and the law clerks surrounded me. People were looking at us, but I felt a little better covered. Justine started making fun of me, talking asking me if I was worried about people seeing my twat hanging out. When she said "twat," she reached in and put her hand on my bare crotch. I was horrified by how wet I was, and she was easily able to insert two fingers. Once again, my hips responded, and I found my self humping her hand. She asked me if I wanted something from her. I had to work at it, but I panted out that I wanted to cover up. She asked me what I wanted covered up, and I could only answer with the word "crotch." Suddenly I felt Tina close behind me, and heard her whisper in my ear, "what about your ass, would you like that covered?"
I yelped and jumped as I felt a sharp stab in my rectum. It took me a second to realize that she had plunged a finger up my butt, and was now pumping it in and out. In a few seconds she and Justine got into rhythm, and my memories get a little fuzzy. It was the most perverted thing that's ever happened to me, and it was happening out in public. Justine kept asking what I wanted, to be specific, and I just couldn't speak as they worked their fingers in and out of both my holes. Finally I managed to blurt out that I wanted my pussy and ass covered, and as quickly as they had started, they stopped.
Justine told me that I had a choice. I could either stay this way for a few more hours, or agree to do one more thing. She told me it would be embarrassing, but it would over quickly, and as a bonus, I would get a one-time dispensation to adjust my skirt. I thought it over, and I knew that there was not fighting Justine. I was sure that she had something horrible planned for me, but she would probably just keep torturing me until I agreed anyway. I told her I would do it. She said I was free to adjust my skirt, and walked away. It took me a while to pull my skirt down far enough to cover my kitty, but not so far that my butt was hanging out. As soon as I was good, I did my best to catch up with them.
I caught up with them when they got to a fountain in an atrium in the mall. They all sat down on a bench, and after some thought, I decided to stand. In one way it was worse, because it attracted attention to me to be standing and all of them sitting, but if I sat down as Justine wanted me to, then a few hundred people would see my shaved crotch. Justine smiled, motioned for me to stand in front of her, and started to casually stroke the inside of my thigh. I could see all the people giving me dirty looks as she teased me by rubbing higher and higher. She told me that they were going to get up and go to the car, and after two minutes, my task was to go swimming in the fountain. The pool for the fountain was less than two feet deep, but I was to make sure that I got completely submerged, and then I could come out and join them in the car. I was so shocked by this, I didn't even think to protest.
The girls all got up and left, and I stood there a while looking at the fountain. I kept thinking about how I had gotten into this mess, and for the umpteenth time, I tried to figure a way out. Before I knew it, the two minutes were up. I looked around, and saw Nicole over by the exit watching me. I knew that I would need to follow the rules, or not only would Justine send out all the pictures she had of me now, they'd also probably leave me here, almost naked, and with no money or car. I took a deep breath, stepped into the fountain, and waded to its deepest part, just below my knees. People started to laugh and point at me as I dropped to my knees, and then went face down in the water. It was a lot colder than I expected, and I was shivering by the time I stood up. I looked down quickly, and was horrified at what I was showing. The T-shirt had become completely transparent, and stuck tight to my breasts. My nipples were clearly visible through the wet fabric. My skirt was pasted tight to my butt, but because it was so wet, it was starting to slip down. I stepped out of the fountain, and heard some people talking about where security was. I started to panic, and decided I'd better move as quickly as I could. I half-walked / half-ran towards the exit. I could feel my boobs bouncing and swaying, and got several cheers from guys I passed. I could feel my skirt slipping lower and lower, but there was nothing I could do. As I got to the exit I felt the skirt slip down my thighs, and then down to my ankles. Knowing I could not pull it up without risking punishment, and that if I left it there and tripped even more people would see me, I kicked the skirt off and ran out to Melissa's car.
Nicole went around to get in the back seat, and I went to open the door nearest me. It was locked. Justine looked out the window and told me there was no way I was getting Melissa's car all wet, so I'd better get rid of the T-shirt too. I knew better than to argue, so I peeled off the wet shirt in front of all the people going in and out of the mall. Seconds later I was in the back seat, stark naked and next to Tina, and we were driving away.
Naturally, Tina showed me no mercy. She reached over me and lowered the window, making me shiver as the breeze blew across my wet skin. I got a huge case of goose bumps, and my nipples hardened even more. The girls made fun of my goose pimples, and Tina made a point of playing very roughly with my nipples and breasts. At a stoplight, we pulled up next to a truck with some construction guys in it. The driver looked over and saw me, and soon they were yelling out the window to see more. Justine told me to lean out the window and show them my tits. I got up on my knees and leaned out the window, giving them an unobstructed view. Next Justine told me to tease them and play with my boobs, which made the guys cheer and holler. All of a sudden I felt the window coming up, and before I knew it, the window had pinned me in place. We started to drive along side the truck, with me stuck giving the guys a show. I yelped as I felt Tina stab a couple fingers into my vulnerable sex. There wasn't anything I could do with my upper body stuck outside, and she proceeded to pump her fingers in and out of me. Knowing Tina's obsession with my rear, I wasn't surprised when the fingers switched from my front hole to the back one. I moaned as they slid in, and the guys in the truck started laughing at the expression on my face.
Fortunately, Melissa lowered the window after about a minute of that, and I was able to climb back in and sit down. This also got Tina's fingers out of my butt. We managed to lose the truck, and then drove over to a large park on the other side of town. We pulled into the parking lot, and Justine turned around to face me. She told me that I had to get out, and that they would drive to the other end of the park, and be waiting for me at a picnic bench. I had twenty minutes to get there, and if I didn't make it, they'd leave me in the park with no clothes. I started to protest, but Justine said that I had better be out of the car in ten seconds, or they'd throw me out, and just leave. I jumped out of the car, spotted some bushes, and ran for cover.
From the (relative) safety of the bushes I tried to figure out what I would do. The park is really big, and sparsely wooded with playing fields and jogging trails winding through it. I've been there a few times before, but I was wishing I knew it a little better. I knew that the other side was a bit over a half mile away, so I couldn't wait here too long if I was going to be there in twenty minutes. I decided I needed to avoid the jogging trails, and especially the fields. I made a quick dash to the nearest stand of trees. I thought I heard some shouts, but I wasn't going to wait to find out. I worked my way along a small footpath through the trees, trying to keep low and out of sight. All of a sudden I almost ran straight into two women jogging. Damn, why couldn't they use the real trails! They looked really concerned and asked if I needed help and if they should call the police. There attitude changed when I begged them not to, and I told them I was on a dare. They told me that I was being very foolish, and that I'd better get some clothes on before I was arrested or attacked. They jogged off in disgust, and I felt totally disgraced.
I had to make a couple more sprints across some fields, and one time I know that an entire men's soccer team stopped and cheered me as I ran, but thank God no one followed. Finally I saw the girls at a table, and I ran up to them, asking for something to wear. Justine smiled at me and said that they weren't sure they were going to give me anything, that she liked me in the nude. She suggested that I should get under the table while they thought about it. I looked around and saw some people driving into the nearby parking lot, so I dove under the table before even more people saw me.
I started to beg Justine to let me have some clothes. I'd been naked for over half an hour, I was cold, and I was terrified I'd be caught. Justine said okay, and that she'd give me something, if I did something for her. My stomach sank, as I could guess what was coming. She said that Tina had the bag with the clothing, and that if I made her happy, then she would likely give me something to cover up. I was cowering on the ground between Tina's legs, and when I looked at her she was pulling up her skirt to show me her sex. She had her legs spread wide, and I could see her furry kitty. She rubbed it a little, and I heard her say "I'm waiting."
I whimpered out a weak "no," but I think I already knew that resistance was futile. Justine reached down and snapped a fingernail hard across my nipple, making me jump and bump my head. She said that I had better get licking and make Tina cum, or I'd never get any clothes. I still can't believe that I did it. In my entire life I've never had any interest in other women, or given thought to having sex with them. Here I was about to perform oral sex on the second girl in two days. I climbed up between Tina's legs, and placed my mouth on her sex. I decided to try and get this over with as quickly as I could. I zoned in on her most sensitive spot, and licked for all I was worth. Soon I had a finger in her as well, as she moaned and bucked. It took a few minutes, but soon she was tense and trembling. Knowing what Tina likes to do to me, I switched my finger from her sex to her bottom, and she climaxed almost instantly. As she pushed my head away I wiped my face, and asked her for some clothing. Still panting, she said that she guessed I had earned it and she passed me ... a black pair pantyhose! I started to complain, but they threatened to take even that away, so I quickly put them on, and discovered their next trick. They weren't really pantyhose! There was no covering for my butt or crotch. It was almost like a one-piece garter belt and stockings, and it left me completely exposed.
Next Nicole said that she had more for me to wear, but that I'd have to earn it from her. I tried to get her to tell me what kind of clothing, but she just lifted her short skirt and pointed at her hairless crotch. At this point I was so far in, I could hardly say I wouldn't do it, so I crawled over to her, and proceeded to lick her. She took longer than Tina, but finally she shuddered and let out the telltale sigh that let me know she had an orgasm. My hopes for being covered were squashed when she dropped a small piece of black fabric on the ground. I grabbed it, and was dismayed to see it was an opera glove. I pulled it on anyway, figuring any covering was better than none. It came up to mid bicep, and covered my arm very nicely, but that was all!
I was not shocked to hear Melissa say that it was her turn, as she lowered her slacks. This was more daring than the others just lifting their skirts, but I think her blazer kept anyone seeing her butt. I saw no reason to even say anything, and I obediently began to service her. She was much more of a screamer than the other two, and soon she was moaning and pulling my face into her crotch. I could hardly breathe, but I managed to keep at it until she squealed. I was rewarded for my efforts with the other glove.
Justine told me that she had one more item of clothing for me, and she opened her legs. I asked her if it would actually cover me, but she didn't respond. I asked her if she would at least tell that it wasn't a hat, which made her laugh, and say that she wished she'd thought of that. Unable to get anymore information, I placed my mouth on her sex. Justine kept up her conversation with the other three while I licked her for all I was worth. I wanted badly to make her moan and scream, but all I got were some quiet sighs. Finally she pushed my head away, and told me that was "very nice." She passed down a small piece of red fabric that took me a while to figure out. It was a tube-dress made out of a sheer red material. When I pulled it on, it went barely from my boobs to my crotch. I crawled out from under the bench, stood up and tried to adjust the dress. I was able to pull it down low enough so it covered my crotch but keep it high enough to my boobs covered. Barely. Even still my nipples were clearly visible through the transparent material, and the black hose showed through, so everyone could tell they had no crotch. Before I had looked like a trailer park whore, now I looked like a Las Vegas whore. Justine handed me a pair of high heels, and set it was time to go. The heels were almost three inches high, so it was hard for me to walk back to the car.
We got in the car, and I was now in the back between Justine and Nicole. They lifted my thighs up, and set one in each of there laps, spreading me wide open. They all chatted as we drove, and the two of them casually pinched, pulled, probed, and invaded my body. My brain was now in fog of sexual desire and frustration. I was humiliated to be treated like this, but my mind could not even focus on protesting. I'm sure scored of people saw all of my charms as we drove around, but I couldn't bring myself to look.
Finally we stopped, and when I looked I saw we were in a seedier part of town. We were parked in front of an adult bookstore, and my stomach sank as I knew I was in for more humiliation. Justine was busy writing in a notepad. By this point I knew what to expect. She gave me a list of things I needed to buy, told me they were going in, and that I should not let anyone know that I was with them. She added that I should get help filling out the list, and that I should follow all instructions. She lifted up the hem of my dress, and tucked my credit card in the front of my so called pantyhose. There was no way I would be able to pay for this stuff without showing my bare kitty. Seconds later I was alone in Melissa's car.
I read the list and was horrified. I was to get two dildos, one eight inches, the other ten. A butt plug, some anal beads (I had no idea what that even was!) a strap-on dildo, some Astro-Glide or other lube, a spanking paddle, and some nipple clamps. The note told me that I should tell whoever was helping me that my Mistress told me I had to get these things. I was also to make sure that the nipple clamps were the most painful ones they had, and ask to try them on in the store. Justine said if I didn't pick ones that hurt the most, she would know and make me sorry. She also told me to be sure to wear the clamps out of the store.
I couldn't help myself, I started to cry at what was happening to me. This was all so horrible. I had started out worried only about what Justine might do to my career. Now I was in so deep to this depraved world, I couldn't see any way out. Finally I decided that I just had to carry on, there were no other options. I regained my composure, and walked into the store. I almost lost my resolve as I walked in and saw a dozen men staring at me. Not only was I humiliated, but I had started to fear for my safety. But as I looked around, I saw a few other women in addition to Justine and the clerks, and both of the people behind the counter were girls. I walked up to one, a skinny kid with multiple piercings and pink hair and asked if I could get some help. She looked at my outfit, laughing, and asked me what I needed. I showed her my list, and told her the story about my mistress sending me on a shopping trip. She rolled her eyes, and said that explained a lot. She asked me what I needed and started to lead me around the store as I read the list.
There are an unbelievable number of options for sex toys, and that girl made me blush as she explained the function of each toy, and the advantages of thicker vs. thinner, textured vs. smooth, and all kinds of other subtleties. I tried to move quickly, but she seemed to delight in stretching things out, asking me things like how experienced I was in ass-play as she showed me anal beads. (Who even thought of things like that!) People kept walking back and forth to get a good look at me as she kept telling me all of these shocking things. I was blushing horribly by the time we got back to the bondage section, and we picked out a spanking paddle about the size of a ping-pong paddle. Then came the really tough part, she showed me a half dozen type of nipple clamps and I had to tell her that I needed to pick the most painful ones. I asked her if I could try them on. She said they had a bathroom I could go use, and I started to blush even more, and stutter. "Let me guess," she said, "you're supposed to do it here?" I nodded. She told me to go ahead, and that she was going to enjoy the show. I slowly slid my top down to my hips, and soon everyone in the store was watching me.
I took the first clamp and tried to clamp it to my nipple. I say tried, because I was so nervous my hands were shaking, and my nipple kept moving as I tried to capture it. I heard the shopgirl say she would help me, and the next thing I knew she was squeezing my breast to hold my nipple in place. I managed to get the clamp in place, let go to attach it, and almost shrieked in pain. Who makes this things?? It hurt almost as bad as when Justine was pinching me. The shopgirl suggested I leave that one on, so I could compare. I was biting my lip and blinking back tears, so I just nodded. She handed me the next set, and grabbed my other boob. This set was pretty bad, but not as bad as the first one. We replaced that with the third set, and then she had to do the fourth set because the first set was hurting my nipple so bad that I couldn't make myself do it. Unbelievably, the fifth set was even more painful, and I let out a low moan as she released the jaws. I begged her to take them off, but she said she had one more to try. Thank God it wasn't so bad, and then she removed them all. I started to rub my nipples to get the pain away, which was well received by the crowd watching us.
The shopgirl then told me she wasn't sure if the fifth set or the first set was worse, so she was going to put them back on, but on the opposite breasts so I could make sure. I nodded, and held my breath as she put them back on. Now that my nipples were so sore, they were both even worse than they had been. It wasn't by much, but the fifth set was definitely the most painful, so I told her I would take them. I don't know how I made myself do it, but I also asked her to wear them out of the store. She smiled and said sure, that she'd put it on for me. Then she grabbed the clamp I didn't want, and yanked hard. I shrieked as my breast stretched out and then the clamp slipped off, scraping my nipple. She started laughing, saying that she'd always wanted to do that, and then attached the other clamp to my abused nipple. The clamps were attached to each other by a small chain, which hung between my two boobs. She asked me if that was everything, and when I said yes, she headed back to the counter.
I gingerly pulled my dress up, and the crowd around me began to dissipate. I got to the front, and she rung everything up. Facing the counter, I pulled my hem up and got the credit card, which made the shopgirl smile, and say "nice." As she processed the card she looked at me, and then said that she thought she had been very helpful. Not knowing where this was going, but worried, I said that yes, she had been. She told me that she thought I should give her a tip. I stared at her blankly, terrified at what might come next. She said that she really liked my dress, and that it would make a very nice tip. My mouth dropped in shock. I looked around and saw the Justine was watching me. The shopgirl told me that she really liked the hose and gloves look, and she'd like to keep my dress as a souvenir. With Justine there, I knew I had no choice. I looked the shopgirl in the eye, and told her that I really appreciated her help, and I'd like to give her this to show my gratitude. With that, I peeled the dress up over my head and handed it to her. I heard cheers and rude comments from all the customers, and I signed for my purchases and ran for the exit. A few guys followed me out to watch me get in the car, but seconds later all the girls were there with me, and we drove off.
By now it was getting to be evening, and I was ecstatic when Justine said we should go home. I was between Tina and Nicole, and they spent the whole drive flicking their fingers against my clamps, making my entire breasts throb with pain. It seemed like an eternity, but soon we were back in the office parking lot, and Tina jumped out to drive my car home. Fifteen minutes later Melissa pulled into the visitor parking at my complex. I begged them to give me something more to wear, but Justine just reached in and pulled on the chain between my boobs to get me out. She told me to keep my hands behind my back, and she led me to my town-home by my breasts. We ran into one lady I'd seen before but didn't know. Her face was shocked, but she just hurried away. When we walked up to my door, we ran right into Kristy, who was coming home as well.
"For fuck's sake, Heidi," she squealed when she saw me. Justine explained to her how I had decided that I was a submissive, and that I had begged her to treat me like a slave. I wanted to scream that she was lying, but I knew better than to cross Justine. Justine said that I'd be cooking and serving the group dinner and drinks if Kristy would like to join us. Kristy was laughing as she said Jeff would be sorry that he was out playing pool. She agreed to join us, saying that she had to see what happened. Once we were inside, Justine removed the clamps, and told me to get in the kitchen and make them all some margaritas. She slapped my butt to get me moving, and I hurried into the kitchen. My nipples had been numb from the clamps, but by the time I was in the kitchen they started to wake up. I couldn't believe how much it hurt; it was worse than putting them on! I was literally crying as I made the margaritas, standing in my kitchen with crotchless hose and long gloves. The whole thing was just too surreal.
When I brought the pitcher and salted glasses into my living room, I noticed that all the blinds were open, so anyone looking in would see my outfit, or actually my lack thereof. I thought about asking if I could close them, but I figured that would lead to something even worse. As I set the tray down on the coffee table, I felt two hands probing my crotch, and another pull on my tender nipple. This was to be the pattern for the evening. I would run around serving the girls, and they would take every chance to fondle, pinch, twist and probe me. I went around the room giving each girl her drink, and except for Kristy, they all made a point of playing with either my boobs or my crotch. They all made catty comments about how I was a complete slut, and that they couldn't believe how wet I was. To make things worse, they were right, my sex was swollen and their fingers got slimy as they touched me. Justine kept her habit of wiping my ooze off on my breasts, while Tina used the lubrication to slide her fingers into my rear end.
As soon as I had the drinks handed out, I hurried back to the kitchen to mix another pitcher. Justine came in and used my phone to order a pizza. She told me that it would be my job to keep them all set with drinks and food, and if I had nothing to do, I should stand nearby so they could see and play with me. She told me I was to do anything that anyone asked of me, and that if I protested or made any comment at all I would be punished severely. In fact, I was not to say a single word, unless I was asked a direct question. She pinched my nipple painfully to make sure that I understood, and then went back to the group. It was all I could do to keep from crying as I took the drinks out and poured them. The pitcher was still half full when I was done, so I stood between Melissa and Nicole's chairs, and waited to see if anyone needed anything. Justine was sitting on the couch with Kristy, and had her arm wrapped around my neighbor, and was whispering in my ear. I hate to admit this, but I actually started feeling jealous. It's crazy, but I kept worrying about what would happen if Justine liked Kristy better than me. Kristy is really thin, and not very big in the chest department, but she's cute in an athletic kind of way. What if Justine decides she'd rather be with her? Practically, it would be bad for me, because if Justine gets tired of me, she might ruin my career just for the fun of it. But if I'm honest, it's more than that. Even though I hate what Justine is doing to me, and the way she forces me, I have to admit that when she touches me it feels soooo good. It's hard to understand, but when I think about what would happen if she stopped, it fills me with dread.
After a bit, Justine pulled me away from my worries, and called me over. She told me to put my hands on my head, and stick my chest out. (Actually she said tits.) Once I had done that, she had me bend at the waist, dangling by breasts in front of her and Kristy. She started to talk to Kristy about my boobs, about how big and jiggly they were. She reached up and bounced them a few times. Kristy just stared, dumbstruck, but when Justine urged her, she reached up and jiggled my right boob. Justine then took the nipple clamps, and reattached the left one. She told Kristy to do the other one as I bit my lip and blinked back tears. Kristy took a lot longer to get it right, and she had to play with my nipple for so long that I was getting really turned on before she released the clamp and the pain took over.
Right then, the doorbell rang. Justine told me to go get the pizza, and come back for then money. Since Justine had told me to not even speak, I just walked to the door, and opened it to a very shocked pizza delivery guy. He finally stuttered out that my pizza was here, and told me how much we owed. I smiled and took the pizza from him. I didn't invite him in, but I wasn't surprised when he followed me. I heard him swear when I bent over to set the pizza on the coffee table, and I blushed when I realized that he had a perfect view of my asshole and vagina when I bent like that. Justine made it worse by tossing a $20 bill on the floor, and telling me to get it for him. This time he just started laughing, and saying that no one at the pizza place was going to believe this. He asked if any of us ladies would be needing his services, at which point Justine spoke sharply, warning him not to cross the line. Chagrinned, he left, but not before telling me what great tits I had.
The fact that I had not eaten lunch lurched to the front of my mind, and I was ridiculously grateful when Justine said I could eat a piece of pizza, as long as I sat on the floor. So there I was, sitting indian-style, with my sex spread wide for the five women. I noticed that Kristy kept sneaking peeks at me, with a look that said she couldn't believe what was happening. I noticed that now Justine was rubbing her arm or thigh as she talked with her. Once my pizza was done, I had to jump up and run to make more margaritas. As the liquor flowed, the party got louder and more rowdy. Nicole took to slapping my butt whenever she could, to howls of laughter. Tina would yank on the chain between my breasts, making me yowl, while Justine would tell everyone that maybe I was starting to regret having such big boobs. I wanted to crawl into bed and die, but it just kept going on and on. Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse, it did.
I had just returned with another pitcher, and Justine told me that she wanted me to go get my bag of toys, and set them out on the table so Kristy could see. Kristy's eyes were as big as saucers as I dumped out the bag of sex toys on the table. I must have blushed twelve shades of red as she looked at all the phalluses, beads, and the paddle. Justine leaned forward, and took the strap-on. She didn't put it on, but she held it in her crotch, with the fake penis pointing up obscenely. She made some horrible comments about how this was what Heidi really wanted. She then looked at me seriously, and told me to give her a blowjob like the one I had given Mark. Every fiber in my being wanted to protest, but I remembered her instructions, and I knew I could not bear to be punished. Especially not in front of Kristy. So I knelt in front of her, and as Kristy shrieked in shock and started to swear, I started to perform oral sex on the dildo. I felt so stupid doing it, I mean Justine couldn't even feel it, but in some perverted way it was turning me on too. Soon my head was bobbing up and down, and my lips were brushing against Justine's hand where she was holding the phallus. I could hear Kristy laughing, and saying she couldn't believe it.
I felt Justine's hands on my shoulders, pushing me up. She told me that was enough, and that now I should mount her. At this point nothing could shock me any more, and I put my knees on either side of her thighs, and lowered myself onto the strap-on protruding from her crotch. Suddenly Kristy was swearing a blue streak, and Justine looked at her, telling her that she'd better get started. I was totally confused as Kristy looked angry and said no way, that she wasn't doing it. Justine's face turned hard, and she told Kristy that a deal was a deal, and if she didn't do it, then the rest of them would do it for her. Kristy looked concerned, and then a little resigned, and then to my shock, started to unbutton her blouse. Justine flicked a finger across a nipple, telling me to start riding, and as I started moving my hips, literally fucking Justine, she explained that she and Kristy had made a little bet. By this time Kristy's blouse was off, and she stood up to unzip her slacks. The girls started making strip-tease sounds, and Kristy blushed furiously. Justine told me that she had told Kristy that if she told me to take a dildo, give it a blowjob, and then ride it like a cowgirl, that I would do it without question. Kristy had said no way. That maybe Justine had some kind of blackmail over me, but that I wouldn't do it without protest. Justine had gotten her to bet her clothing on it, so now Kristy had to strip. Kristy had worked her bra straps off her shoulders and was hesitating. With a look from Justine, she clearly found the resolve, and pulled the bra down, exposing her breasts. I have to say that although her breasts were small, probably not even a B cup, her nipples were very big, and very hard.
As I continued to ride Justine, Kristy managed to peel down her panties, exposing her neatly trimmed pubic hair. She sat down next to Justine who smiled at her, caressed her cheek, and told her how pretty she was. I felt that insane pang of jealously again, wishing she would treat me that way. Then it got worse. While I was riding away on Justine's dildo, she pulled my naked neighbor close to her and they started kissing. So I not only felt jealous, I felt stupid. Justine was ignoring me completely while I was having sex on her lap. It was horrible.
Justine broke off her kiss long enough to look at me and tell me Kristy was the only one here who I hadn't serviced yet today, and she suggested that I should make that right. As I sign of how far gone I was, it didn't even occur to me at the time about how sick and wrong that logic was. I just climbed off her lap, with that thing still inside of me, and crawled between my neighbor's thighs. Soon I was lapping at Kristy's sex, while she and Justine sucked face. All the time Justine was tweaking and pulling on Kristy's hard nipples. Suddenly I felt the dildo slide out of my sex, and I looked behind me to see Tina wearing nothing but her bra, busily strapping the fake penis to her crotch. I was shocked to see that Melissa and Nicole had shed their clothes from the waist down, and were lying on the floor in a 69 position. I have obviously heard of orgies before, but I've always found it kind of repulsive. I was shocked to find that I was in the middle of one. A lesbian orgy, no less. It made my head spin.
I felt a pain in my ear as Justine grabbed it and pulled my head around. I went back to licking and sucking on Kristy, trying to get her to come quickly. Before I could make much progress, I felt Tina get in position behind me, and start to thrust the strap-on into me. She reached under and grabbed my boobs, and ... well there's really no other way to put it... she started fucking the living shit out of me. I've never really liked doing it doggie style, but this was unbelievable. I've never had a guy that did me like this, and soon I was having trouble focusing on Kristy. Next I felt Tina rubbing some cool fluid on my butt, and I looked back to see her squirting the lube on my rectum. I braced myself as she proceeded to work first one, and then two fingers into my backside. I decided I'd better get Kristy finished quickly, or who knew what Tina would do. I managed to get one of my fingers inside Kristy's sex, and then I started to suck and nibble on her button. She started to buck and tremble, and then she had a climax that I have to say must have been the mother of all orgasms, more like three packed into one. When it finally ended, Kristy slumped back, dazed.
Justine jumped up, and told the girls that the evening was over, and it was time to go. Melissa and Nicole stopped their part of the orgy, and stood up. They grabbed Kristy, and told her she had to go. She asked for her clothes, but Justine told her that she had given them up, and they were Justine's clothes now. Laughing, they marched her buck naked out the door, and tossed her purse out after her. I don't know if Jeff was home yet, but Kristy might have had some explaining to do. Melissa and Nicole said they were leaving too. Melissa picked up her pants, but didn't put them on as she walked with Nicole out to her car, naked from the waist down.
That left me alone with Tina and Justine, who told me that now the real fun would begin. Tina went over to the dining room table, bent over it, and wiggled her butt at me. Justine whispered in my ear that it was time for me to get some more "rimming" experience in. That began a long night of sexual depravity that I could never even have begun to imagine. I ended up with my tongue in every orifice of both girls, and they managed to get most of the sex toys in most of my orifices. At one point Tina actually got her entire hand into my back door while I was servicing Justine. In one way it was the grossest, most humiliating thing that had ever happened to me, but it also made me want to cum in the worse way.
And in the end, that's probably the worst thing that happened to me today. They kept bringing me right to the edge of orgasm all night, but they never let me cum. Once they were satiated themselves, Justine made me insert the butt-plug (all by myself!) and told me to write in my diary. Justine set up her video camera again, and she said she would check it to make sure that I didn't try to masturbate. With that, they went off to bed, and left me here in the living room. It's after 2 AM now, and I'm tired, sore, and excruciatingly horny. I have no idea what tomorrow is going to bring, or what's coming over me. Yesterday I thought I might find a way to break free of Justine, now I don't even know if I'd want to be. I just wish I could cum...