I stood there frozen in place like a rabbit in headlights just wishing for the earth to open and swallow me whole.
The study has always smelled musty, like leather and old paper despite
few actual books in the tall bookcases covering the walls. Most of the
space on the wood instead dedicated to various awards and monuments to
mediocre talent sculpted in resin or glass. "Employee of the Decade", "Long Service" and "Financial Award of Excellence" being the ones most prominently displayed. Not a single family photo or proof of life existing outside this room, which it basically didn't in his opinion.
The air was stale and heavy, the window looking out over the garden hadn't been opened yet to let in the chill spring air given the size of the cobweb tucked into its corner. Outside life continued on; birds were chirping even though their calls were muffled by the thick victorian era glass. In the street I could just make out the last bits of Easter decorations. - Now passed by a few days and the reason I was home from university.
There was no joy within the room, it would have clashed with the ancient oak desk, stained by years of tobacco smoke and late nights, its top in testament to the stubbornness of the owner still had a rack of expensive pens and bound notebooks despite neither having been used for some time.
All of this observation served a purpose, it kept my eyes off the screen that had been turned to face me and the man behind the desk who was sat awaiting my answer with an accusatory glare. A glare that to be fair to
him wasn't entirely unwarranted given the screen showed my face front and center, dripping with multiple loads of cum down onto my bare chest.
The video was paused on a particularly dumb gurn of a grin caused by the thick ropes of sperm that ran from my face to the pair of cocks held in my hands.
"So?" He spat, his voice more anger than disappointment
"Care to explain why I found this video of you?"
Of all the things I expected to be confronted with when I was summoned, this was not one of them. Taking a deep breath to steady myself and attempt to get my heart under control I raced through my options, none
of them great. But I was surprised in myself, aside from the initial shock I found myself not ashamed, not proud either but somewhere in the middle, just left of aroused and near to satisfaction.
"Well" I began, my voice quickly gaining confidence as I spoke and my legs ceased their trembling "It was just before my birthday..."
7 weeks before my 19th birthday to be exact. I'd worked hard in my first few months of university, both academicaly and socially to invent myself as the person I wanted to be. It wasn't too hard; Usually one of the oldest in my academic year I had always attracted attention. I'd kept myself active through my teens with bouldering and occasional gym sessions so aside from some calloused hands I considered myself reasonably good looking. I'd avoided the massive udders of my mother who had gone to fat in puberty and ruined herself by having me as a late teen pregnancy with a man nearly 3 times her age (she also squeezed me out on Christmas day - a crime i will never truly forgive her for.) Instead I was blessed with a reasonable chest, small enough to wear cute tops, large enough to flaunt and topped with rose nipples that annoyingly would stand to attention at the slightest dirty thought in my head. My hair, though naturally mousy was usually kept platinum blonde to fit my desired aesthetic, though laziness would often see me just throw it into a ponytail or messy bun for day to day. Video me had pigtails but we'll get into that later.
I would tell people I was 5ft 4, in reality I was closer to 5' 2 but it annoyed a lot of shorter guys who would add to their own height and then look incredulously at me when I would flat out deny their height based on my own false one. This probably tells you all the need to know about my bratty streak. A streak I often let run my mouth around men much larger than I to my detriment. Taunting that they could try beating or fucking it out of me. Many tried, a few actually managed it and I called them Master. But this story happens between such men so they are mostly unimportant.
My sexual discovery was much the same as many a girl though slightly later than my peers I think. No one person could claim to be the first to see me naked as it was a group of friends on my 18th birthday who
after a lot of drinking talked me into some "tasteful" nudes which rapidly became some very distasteful ones. But it ignited a love in me and for weeks afterwards I felt a rush when I caught someone using my tits as their lock screen or when the group chat image was changed to my spread virgin cunt and an entire day was dedicated to discussing ways the guys in the chat would like to "cure" my virginity with many pictures of their cocks to emphasise their willingness. None were hotter however than one of the girlfriends sending a picture of her own creamy, freshly used dildo and offering to pin me down infront of everyone and
simply ruin me on a silicone cock. I've never considered myself bi, but I'll admit that threat got my juices flowing and led to my first real body shaking orgasm as I thought about the humiliation on offer. Alas she never got the chance as a few weeks later, after much awkward fumbling in the back of cinemas and busses, and culminating in an orgasm from my own hand in the costume room during sixth form drama club; my first real boyfriend left in shame once he came in me in under 3 thrusts. He pulled his trousers up, muttered an apology and left me lying naked on the floor, deflowered and unsatisfied. It only took a few seconds of rubbing
his sticky mess all around my clit and sore cunt before I shuddered and sighed with relief. Aftercare would be a word I didn't learn for a long time. I did however prop my phone up to take a photo of myself, smiling
like a loon and licking my fingers as my now visibly gaping pussy leaked fresh cum onto what would turn out to be a costume for Henry VIII. Admiring myself for but a moment before sending it to the chat and
receiving a dozen variations of "congratulations slut" from people I knew might only be a wall or two away from me. The boyfriend was dumped before I even went to get the morning after pill (I had an IUD fitted a few weeks later), And while the drama closet got its fair share of action, it was never with him again.
I say all this to set the scene, as its important to the situation I found myself in. Once I realised I enjoyed sex, possibly more than my male peers, especially exposure and risk the later half of my final year in sixth form became a lot more interesting. I was careful, I only played with people I trusted or with people I had control over. Rocking a skirt and telling my friends I wasn't wearing underwear that day and them trying to catch me was fun, lifting it to flash my shaved slit to one of them studying in an othewise empty
classroom was exciting. But locking eyes with the aging physics teacher who was married with 3 adult kids and 6 months away from retirement while I spread my legs wider and wider in the front row of a full classroom was what I lived for. Pinning my nudes to the inside of his desk cupboard may have been a step too far but that's tomorrows story along with the Master I had at the time who encouraged and enjoyed it almost as much as me.
So by the time I reached university 3 months before I would turn 19. I knew what I liked and I wanted to do it a lot. I went to university in the same city I grew up in but I moved into halls to get away from family mostly. Freshers week was a blur of drinking and partying and while I had my own place, I didn't wake up in it once the whole week. I
was free, newly single and wanted to feel alive.
The sixth form group chat was still there with the occasional dick pic or titty shot. We shared our first couple of weeks. Our conquests, our regrets. But we were at a new stage in our lives and before any of us
really knew it we didn't talk much anymore.
Social and sport clubs were my thing, I tried karate (badly) I tried Poi (that went ok) Climbing club was a bit too clique for me it turned out. I got into more geeky things; TTRPGs and Anime mostly but swimming was the only sport I really stuck with. Practice was later in the day which was great for me as getting up has always been a problem even before I didn't know where I would be spending the night.
My desires may have also played into that a bit. Swimsuits are not designed for hiding in and by function if I'm taking to a guy in one
there's only a thin slip of material between him and my body. Guys we know you're checking us out like a piece of wrapped meat and I wouldn't want to imply that every girl wanted it but I certainly did.
By week 2 of training three times a week I'm sure the guys could smell my arousal prior to the session. A couple seemed to take their time talking to me before getting into the pool beyond simple social requirements. So when one of them began openly flirting with me I leapt at the chance. Adding his number into WhatsApp the first message I sent him 20 seconds later was my wet tits free of their bondage as I peeled my suit down to my
waist. I heard an audible gasp from a few cubicles away and quickly got a "wow" in return along with a dick pic. It wasn't a particularly impressive member, but I still had it in my mouth a minute later. I told him to take as many photos as he wanted as long as he sent them to me and true to his word later that evening I recieved two dozen photos showing me in various positions along his cock or showing off his cum on
my tongue.
I know he talked because by next session I was getting more attention again and a disapproving stare from each of the handful of other girls in the club. When the next guy gave me his number I took a shot with the
crotch of my costume pulled aside and my fingers delicately spreading my pussy. I pressed send knowing full well it would cement my reputation.
I'd been expecting a quick response but it was almost instantaneous. A cock pick that showed something truly monstrous, my guts hurt just looking at it and I felt my knees begin to buckle as my hungry cunt cried out in desperation. "I need that in me!" I hurriedly texted back. "Soon slut" was the only response.
He was waiting for me just outside the changing village with a smile that promised me all kinds of interesting times ahead. He stood confident, knowing he was in control. He wore simple gym kit, shorts and a loose t-shirt. Not too different to myself in a pair of tight yoga shorts and a sports bra. I didn't even stop to dry my hair I was so focused on having him inside me.
He took me for coffee at a place nearby, named for the temperature of their brew and about as hot as I felt walking next to him. The last heat of summer hadn't left yet but it was nothing compared to my desire. He took his time ordering, deliberately teasing me with a coy grin as I belted out "latte please" as fast as possible. We sat opposite each
other on a small table and instantly his knees were between mine, spreading them apart almost to the point of discomfort but certainly stopping me from closing my legs. I'd shown off to him and he wanted to make sure I stayed that way. We made small talk while we waited for our drinks, talking about training and competitions later in the year. Never once did his pressure on my legs let up, likewise the bearing, beating tightness in my abdomen remained constant.
Only once the coffee was brought and mostly drank did he acknowledge the
reason for us being here. Placing his phone on the table with the photo I had sent clearly visible he leaned in close, pushing my legs further apart as I arched and pressed my crotch forward as much as he would allow. "So what do you want to do?" he asked, his voice low and barely audible over the general hubbub of the cafe. "I want you to fuck me" I moaned back, breath catching in my throat. "Louder" he instructed "I want you fuck me" I repeated clear enough to certainly be heard across the table. "...Louder" he said again with a smile. "I want you to take me to your place and fuck me till I scream, and I want you to cum as deep into my cunt as you can!" I moaned the last part but all of it was loud enough to get raised eyebrows from the nearby table and some hushed
giggling but I didn't care.
I got my wish in one of the houses nearby to the campus. Once again my only requirement was that the encounter be thoroughly documented and sent to me. I rubbed myself that night scrolling through pictures of myself stripping in my teammates room, Clamping his cock inbetween my
tits and drinking cum out of the first correctly sized magnum condom I'd seen. What pushed me over the edge that night and several nights since however was the video he took of me on his bed, naked and legs spread wide, holding myself open as I begged him to use me like a slut. Presenting my glistening hole to the camera as I pleaded with him to fill me. Once he sent that I knew I was on my way to what I wanted, and it didn't take long to convince him to show others. A screenshot
followed of my shameful display being shared with other members of the club. Their comments forced a second and third orgasm out of me in quick succession.
That was Wednesday, by Fridays meet I wasn't sure how many people had seen it but I think it was a lot. The other girls didn't talk to me but I heard at least one whispered "whore" as I entered. The guys were another story, friendly as ever if not moreso than usual.
Practice went as normal until eventually we all headed for the showers.
Usually at this point I, like all of the girls, would grab my towel, shampoo, and head into a private shower cubicle. They tended to run a little hotter and the privacy was nice for stripping off a little to rinse. Avoiding the girls who had avoided me took me a little closer to the communal showers at the entrance to the changing village, where a
handful of guys - who had little need for such privacy, usually dunked their heads for a quick 30 seconds to get rid of the worst of the pool smell.
Any notion that my exploits were being kept secret were quickly
dismissed when the closest called out "Hey Sarah, so who you going to send your tits to today?" A little bit of chuckling was robustly
enforced by his mate adding "What she hasn't got to you yet? Thought everyone had seen them now?" The blush may have started in my face but it quickly went through my nipples and lit a fire in my crotch, I knew I
was about to do something very stupid but an addict will always choose the high.
"Everyone's seen them?" I asked, trying to sound innocent.
The five of them nodded, some gave a thumbs up.
"Oh well, no need to fill a cubicle then" I pondered, dropping my towel to the floor as I tossed my shampoo towards the sixth empty showerhead. Before any of them had realised what I meant I had pulled both
straps off my shoulders and had began rolling down my one-piece. It was a tight shimmy that paused briefly when my hard nubs became entangled in the fabric. A sharp tug freed them with a satisfying bounce into view that caused a pause in breathing from my shower companions.
Sliding my arms out of the straps as I stepped into place I left the rolled costume
in my hip dip, the last of my decency covered for now by the heavy wet swimsuit but precariously positioned to fall with too much movement or even the slightest tug from the men surrounding me. I pressed the button to turn on the water and gasped as it once again came out too cold as usual. I bent at the waist to pick up my shampoo letting them all see my free hanging udders and barely covered ass, I hoped that one of them would be daring enough to flick the costume down given the chance but
sadly none of them moved. The lamb isn't supposed to walk into the lions lair and start basting itself. I stood tall and turned to face the front, pressing my chest forward as I began sudding up my hair. I didn't want to over do it but their comment demanded a power play, something to show that they may have all seen my body, but I was the one who let them.
I took longer than necessary to clean my hair and enjoyed every moment of it, the men around me stood in silence as the soap ran over me. A couple of them forgot to reset their showers when they ran out. When my
own ran dry the first time I used the time to really dig my fingers into my scalp keeping my shoulders and my elbows high. I closed my eyes and tilted my head back in full carefree abandon of my situation. I resolved
to not open my eyes for some time as bubbles began running across them and down my face from my frantic massage. Once I was suitability sudded, I pressed my still covered ass back to activate the shower again, keeping my eyes tightly sealed as the rain fell down on me. Squeezing the soap out of my hair my hands then ran across my face and down my chest, pushing the suds clear of my eyes and throat. I let my hands play across my bare breasts and gave each nipple a small twist. Nothing too
perverse, but I wanted more.
Once the water ran out a second time, I turned to face my body towards the majority of the guys, two would have to settle for my ass as I kept my face towards the ceiling, eyes shut with just a quick peek to confirm
the were all staring at me. I dropped my hip slightly and checked the knob side on, flicking up to "accidentally" catch my suit on the button, as intended there was a wet slap as the rolled costume fell off me. I
let out a short gasp and feigned at covering myself with my right hand but I don't think any of them were fooled.
My left hand remained on my tit and stared pulling and twisting at my nipple, my right, placed between my legs in pretend embarrassment began teasing at my slit. Moving slowly to reveal my bald cunt in increments.
I'd shaved her smooth last night in anticipation of having her filled by one of these men, instead I was taunting a full pack of them in public and I couldn't resist slipping a finger between my folds to tease at my
hole and circle my clit. Between my self imposed blindness, the sensation of the water on my body, the mild nipple torture and the stares of the people around me I quickly reached crescendo. Snapping my
eyes open to stare into my neighbours gaze I collapsed against the wall as an orgasm took hold. Barely able to hold myself in position I pressed my fingers to hold firmly against my clit, pushing pleasure as deep as I could until my breathing could return to normal coinciding with the shower shutting off for the final time. Composing myself and standing up off the support of the rough tiles took a little bit of effort. I stepped forward to my towel and keeping my feet at shoulder width, bent forwards to retrieve it. I knew my inflamed cunt would draw their eyes
as I did, sodden with obvious grool even against the backdrop of the shower water. I wrapped the towel around my waist, keeping my tits on show as I glanced back over my shoulder to the silent audience behind
me. "Great work today guys, see you next time yeah?" I tittered, striding off back to the lockers just in time to pass one of the other
girls coming out of the private showers, her body much more modestly covered. Her tutted eye roll at my state of undress and half whispered "Slut" earned her a wink and a blown kiss as I strutted past on my post
orgasm bliss.
Within another 2 weeks I'd earned the nickname "Bike" from my clubmates,
having enthusiastically fucked any of them that had shown interest in me. I hadn't made a scene of it again but any guy who asked to see my tits found me more than willing to expose a nipple even underwater during training or cohabit a changing room to allow full inspection of my body. I'd swallowed or taken enough little swimmers that there were even jokes about promoting me as a benefit of joining the club on our flyers. (Later on my clad side profile would infact be used on pamphlets handed out during freshers week). I wasn't picky and I didn't play favourites - if they had a girlfriend it wasn't my problem if they wanted me on the side. Academically the first few weeks were pretty quiet, and while I know there were rumours about me, mostly what happened in swim club stayed in swim club, at least until Halloween.
Halloween was the first opportunity for a real party away from home for a lot of people. The student union was putting on a large event, with each of the clubs organising their own pre or post event functions. Some clubs were going for a theme but swim had decided on a lucky dip. Ideas for the boys would be put until a hat by the girls and vice versa; we were encouraged to be a bit daring with our costumes but we're
explicitly told (with a pointed glare at me) that they had to be reasonably publicly decent.
The boys drew first and unsurprisingly there were a lot of uniforms involved. Mr big dick drew the short straw in pulling "vampire" but
there weren't any real standout options.
The girls didn't get off quite so easily; The girl who caught me with my tits out had to wear her swimsuit, there was a naughty nurse, a pussy cat, a demon, a playboy bunny, a witch and finally me... a schoolgirl.
So that's how when Halloween came I left my room with my hair in pigtails a barbie pink bow at the end of each to stand out against my platinum hair. My bra was bright red and both a band and cupsize too
small beneath a white blouse tied tight around me to push my tits almost into my chin and leave my midriff bare. I adjusted to make sure that most of the cups and over top spillage was obvious, noting that if you
played really close attention a hint of areola was peeking out on one side. Around my neck I threw my actual school tie, dark blue with a solitary red stripe and yellow logo that was intended to sit just below the collar on the few times I wore it. Instead I now wore it loose in a 'slut knot' the logo dangling into the cleavage between my breasts.
A red thong pulled high over my hips and paired with a short box pleat tartan blue skirt covered me and pair of white ruffled socks tucked into a cheap pair of black Mary Janes completed the look. I was out on the hunt and I didn't intend on coming home alone tonight.
The premeet event was held in a small chain owned place that liked to style itself as a microbrewery. Drinks were expensive enough that I'd have been annoyed if I had actually bought any without being able to
complain too much. A central horseshoe bar took up most of the space with tables dotted around. We took one just under the main staircase and began drinking. My costume it turned out was rather tame compared to the
others so I didn't get too much side eye from the other girls. The bunny and the swimsuit were nearly identical save for the colour and inclusion of the fluffy tail and ears. Though the swimsuit was significantly thinner and outside of its designed environment did a fantastic job of indicating the temperature of the room. She grumpily sat with her knees
firmly together after someone spotted her camel toe and asked if she was doing a "Sarah impression". There isn't much else to say about this part except that we moved on to the union bar after a number of drinks mainly centered on the girls
The SU was packed, most every society and club was attending for the first real party of the academic year. There were costumes of all sizes. Some groups were all in masks, one was entirely dressed as smurfs. Even
our swimsuit clad member was not the most exposed as there were some girls in little more than bikinis and paint, there was going to be some competition it seemed.
I did have to buy myself a couple of drinks here to keep my buzz going. I also bought one for swimsuit girl because frankly she needed it. She hadn't been too bad to me all told since the chance meeting and her
boyfriend knew about me but hadn't involved himself. The night progressed well and after being bought a few more drinks I found myself on the dance floor shaking my ass and tits to whatever song was being played. I quickly had a club partner behind me, looping his fingers into the straps of my thong and pulling them tight as if trying to puppet me by my vulva. My ass found his crotch and I began grinding on him, working the back of my skirt higher and higher until I could feel the bulge in his jeans rubbing on my bare cheek. Mr big dick had seen me too
and was stood infront of me, hands on my waist and matching my tempo as we kissed, his tongue pushing his way into my mouth. I let his hands wander and they worked the knot of fabric under my breasts, untying my
shirt and exposing my bra completely. His hands cupped me as we continued to kiss and the two men steered me back to the sofas we had claimed earlier in the night. Sitting between them I found myself opposite swimsuit girl who was by this point very drunk and would likely have to be helped home. She bleary seemed to recognise me and gave both a smile and a wave as the men next to me began their attack on my neck.
Turning to kiss one I placed my hand on the bulge of his jeans I had been grinding against a few moments before and began rubbing my cupped hand over it. The other had pulled the front of my bra down on his side and exposed my breast. He sucked my nipple into his mouth and began running his tongue all over it the noise lost in the backdrop of the music.
Looking across the way I was amused to see swimsuit watching with interest her mouth open and her tongue playing over her lips. More surprising was her legs also parted just enough for her hand to fit between them as she rubbed herself through her suit. I waited until our eyes met and then opened my own thighs for her. I guided the men's hands to my bare legs and watched her lean forward to get a better view as my thong was pulled aside and two fingers plunged into my cunt.
Unfortunately at this point the bouncers arrived and made it clear that this behaviour was unacceptable and we had to leave immediately.
Swimsuit got taken home by some of the other girls who had survived this long and the sudden cold air had taken the party out of a few others. But being caught had only driven my need harder. I was desperate and
continued pressing my luck until it was agreed that the drinking would continue at a flat nearby with a stop for more alcohol on the way.
The flat was small, with barely enough seats for each of us, Seven guys and myself were all that made it from the initial nearly fourty members. Now to be fair a lot of them lasted until the bar we just got kicked out
of but that's beside the point.
Drinking recommenced, I'd been bought an entire bottle of vodka under the agreement that I would do as I was told. By a third of the way through the bottle I had fallen off the armchair I had been perched on and was sat half propped up, half splayed on the floor, there was conversation happening around me but most eyes kept swinging back to me,
focusing on my barely contained tits or the scrap of damp red fabric covering my on display crotch. There was only one ending to this night and we all knew it but they were waiting for someone to make the first move. For permission to be granted.
"You OK down there Bike?" The use of the nickname confirmed beyond any shadow of doubt what I was here for. I took another swig of neat vodka while giving a thumbs up.
"Of course shes not, she's still dressed" said one of the blurry men.
"You should fix that Bike, why don't you strip for us? Put on a little
show?"
"Alright" I nodded while struggling to my feet. My legs felt like
they were attached to someone else as I began to sway my hips to a beat
only I could hear.
"Dude are you recording her?"
"Fuck yeah, Bike loves to watch herself don't you slut?"
"I fucking love it!" I groaned, bending with my ass towards the camera while I fumbled with my shoes eventually just kicking them off in frustration. "Take all the pictures and videos you want boys" I confirmed as I reached through my legs and pulled down my thong
under my skirt, keeping myself off of show for now but tossing the sodden fabric to the middle of the group. Leaving it on may have only delayed them for a fraction of a second if they had decided to use me. But now there was nothing to hamper them if they decided to. I'd sealed my fate for the night and we all knew it.
As more of them began fumbling with their phones I shimmied up to the original cameraman. I placed my right foot on his shoulder, letting his camera have an unobstructed view up my skirt to my bare twat.
"Can you help me with my sock?" was all the invitation he needed to peel it off and toss
it away behind him. The process was repeated with the man next to him who's camera flash illuminated my hairless crotch for all to see. I purred as if the light had actually caressed me. Swanning back to the
center the voices of the men swirled around me.
"Did you see how wet she was?"
"I told you, she loves it"
I tossed my tie off, retrieved my bottle and swallowed another couple of mouthfulls.
"You love being seen don't you Bike? Bet you do this all the time?"
I coughed down the second mouthful, unprepared to answer.
"I really do, but this is my first time showing a group" I admitted, my words only a might slurred.
"Well we'll make sure to show lots of people then?"
The shirt, though unbuttoned and loose was trickier to shrug off my shoulders than it should have been.
"Yes, show me to everyone, I need it!"
"Maybe we should post you online then Bike? Let the world see you as a slut?"
"Yes!" I screamed, grabbing the center of my bra and hauling it up over my head. My tits screamed in discomfort and pain as the were roughly smooshed and then popped into
view of the seven men around me. I threw it into a corner of the room and would never see it again.
"Let the world see!" I screamed throwing my hands into the air to give an unspoiled view of my pale udders. I held position for a beat to let photos be taken before flicking up the front of my skirt momentarily, too fast to give a clear view, but a tease, a taste of what was to come. Working the line of men i began shaking my tits infront of each of them. Slapping away hands that attempted to grope. I was in charge for the moment though I knew it wouldn't last long. I flashed my ass as i moved between them and kissed the last man in line, straddling him so as i sat my naked crotch pressed onto his bulge. Pressing myself down I ground my puss over him. The only thing denying him access to me was his own trousers. I pressed his face between my boobs as I stood and returned to the middle of the room. I turned a few times, fast enough for my skirt to spin up and give more hints. I was running out of things to delay the inevitable.
"Leave the skirt on" I was commanded as I hooked my thumbs into the top ready to expose the last of me.
"Why don't you lie down and show us how
much you want it?"
Unthinking I lay down, raising my knees and lifting my skirt onto my stomach to expose my cunt to these men and their cameras.
"Fuck, she's dripping"
"Let me zoom in on that hole"
I raised my ass slightly, putting my hands underneath me to grab a handful of flesh each and pull myself apart, I wanted them to see every inch of me, I wanted them to record my shameful display.
"Look at that desperate ruined slut, you really love this don't you Bike?"
"Mmmmm" I moaned in the affirmative, moving my hands from under me to my
clit and nipple, I wanted to cum so badly.
"Look at you, wanking yourself on camera, I bet you want everyone to see"
"Yes, yes, yes" I wasn't going to be able to stop.
The men were crowding round me, filling their screens with me. Some focused their attention on my tits, some on my face. One was holding his phone between my legs,
camera flipped to the front so when I looked down I stared into my own eyes.
My face and cunt being immortalised in permanent digitality. I was close, so close but I couldn't reach the orgasm.
"That's right", said the man holding the phone. "Why don't you tell everyone what you are?"
"I'm a slut, I'm a slut" My fingers moved desperately fast chasing release but it wouldn't come, the alcohol was dulling me and keeping it frustratingly close but out of grasp. Some of the men above me had freed their dicks and began stroking themselves over me,
I needed them in me.
I needed something to put me over the edge. I stared into my own eyes, pleading for release
"Tell everyone who you are Bike"
"My name is Sarah Wright, my nickname is Bike because everyone gets a ride and I'm a dirty slut who craves attention!" I nearly shouted into the camera.
"I bet someone will recognise you now whore." whispered once of the men jacking off above me.
That did it.
The orgasm rocked my entire body with a violent spasm that arched me off the floor. All the pent-up pleasure from the last few
hours of teasing and alcohol flooded me as I bit down on my lip hard enough to taste blood. I collapsed in a sweaty mess my limbs too heavy to move for the moment.
"Get her on the table" someone said and many hands grabbed me lifting me
into the air like a side of meat.
My head overhung the edge and I could offer no resistance when grabbing my pigtails my throat became someone's fleshlight.
I was dimly aware of pressure opening my legs and a cock splitting my cunt. Pressing into me in a single brutal thrust that sent after quakes through my body. All while cameras recorded my willing abuse from every angle.
It was at least 10 min and another two orgasms before I would consider myself compos mentis again. The first man had flooded my womb and had brought his member to my face to be cleaned off. I could feel his cum being fucked out of me around the cock of the second man and the sound
that accompanied it echoed in my ears as I idly tugged at the dick that had been pushed into my right hand.
"You're a good little cocksucker aren't you Bike? You like tasting yourself on me?"
I took the penis out of my mouth with my free hand "My favourite fucking flavour" I said before kissing the shrinking member as it was withdrawn.
I felt the man between my legs increase his tempo and I clamped down on him, wrapping my legs behind him to draw him as deep as I could into me before he came adding his seed to my sullied fuck-hole. A brief respite was given while the men changed positions and the cock I'd been jerking to attention was the next into me. He didn't last long, only a dozen thrusts or so before I felt him tighten and spurt into me too, he withdrew to jeers and protest but his turn with my body was unequivocally over.
The fourth man took his time to approach, the one who had recorded me first. He prodded at my pussy lips with a finger and then spread them.
"Look at this slut, she's filled to the brim and leaking cum all over the table. She should be ashamed of her self."
He took a second zooming his camera in on my gaped quim before stepping back again.
"Lift her head" he added and someone grabbed a handful of hair from the back of my head lifting my face into view. I was being presented like a hunting
trophy, stuffed and mounted.
"What do you have to say for yourself
Bike?" With every breath I could feel more leaking out of me, more shame pooling infront of the camera.
"Please, I need more" was all I could muster. The alcohol had removed any inhibitions there might have othewise been.
"Silly slut, I'm not touching that its disgusting, get on your knees cow."
All I could do was obey, I scrambled to sit up noting for the first time that my skirt had been removed at some point. As I did I felt more cum slide out of me to a chuckle from the men.
I turned and bent over to bring my face to the puddle, lapping up the spilled sperm and grool while staring directly at the men still to use me. I fell to my knees and ran a pair of fingers along my snatch, scopping out as much errant cum as I could in one movement and cleaning my fingers in my mouth, twisting my tongue around them to get every drop I could into my desperate drunk body, licking my lips to signal I was
done and ready for my next use.
The film maker was on me almost instantly. Ramming his cock into my mouth hard enough to make me choke. He kept my hair tightly gripped in his hand forcing my eyes up to his as he fucked my throat harder than
any man had ever used my cunt. My eyes were streaming and my lungs burned for air but I chose cock over breathing and pushed my neck to accommodate his length and bring my nose to his stomach. I held as long
as I could my body staring to convulse and sputter. I couldn't take any more and tried to pull off but his hand held me firm. Tears fell down my face and I tried to breathe around him but it was no use. He filled me completely, perfectly, like I was designed for him, designed for this. I stopped struggling and looked up to him. Squeezing my throat as best I could to satisfy him and his needs, this was my place, this was my purpose. With a twitch he suddenly pulled free. Air rushed into my lungs as I gasped and spat, his hand still tight in my hair as his cock twitched freely infront of me, covering my face in a load that must have hurt carrying around. He dropped my head and I collapsed still sucking as much air as I could.
"That's how you properly use a slut" He said,
waving to the other men to continue.
The next was thankfully a bit more gentle despite the example set, he let me set the pace and didn't pull or thrust too much giving my jaw a break. He too finished by wanking over my face setting what would become a pattern.
The last 2 men were much more shy. One had been quietly wanking himself and the other had taken a few photos but that was all. He didn't seem to want to be too heavily involved so I was happy to leave him. The one who had blown his nut early however had worked himself back up and was ready for round 2.
I grabbed the pair of offered cocks and began working them towards my
soiled face.
"You boys want to cum for me?" I asked, strands of cum hanging from my lips
"You want to cover me? Claim me as yours? Mark me as your Slut?"
The camera appeared between the men's shoulders, looking down at me on my knees, face front and center, dripping with multiple
loads of cum down onto my bare chest as I wanked 2 men I hardly knew to completion.
"You're everyones slut now Bike." one of them said.
"Yes I am." I proudly admitted.
"Your going to be famous."
"Oh fuck I hope so." I said, putting the speakers cock into my mouth, he deserved a reward.
"Your not going to be able to go anywhere without being recognised." The other added.
I switched cocks, I didn't want this to end. "Maybe we should have livestreamed this? Could have got more people to see her?"
I let the cock fall out of my mouth, they were both close, I could feel it.
"Oh fuck we should have, she would have loved the attention wouldn't you Bike?"
I nodded, working the pair as fast as I could, my face turned up ready for their use.
"Can you imagine the first time she'll be recognised in the street? I hope I'm there for it, She'll probably suck the guy off as a reward and... oooh"
The last part of the sentence was lost as a thick stream of jizz hit me in the face closely followed by the second. I grinned and half closed my eyes as they landed on me.
Blinking my eyes clear I looked up to the camera still between them and tried to wink.
That brings us to where the story started. A tired trope I know, but an effective introduction to my exploits. The guys had kept their word and uploaded the video to a porn site that night. We woke up very hungover and were surprised to see views in the thousands after only a few hours.
I'd fallen asleep almost immediately and been covered up on the sofa to deal with in the morning so had to shower stale cum off and borrow some clothes to get home in a reasonable state. But the man staring at me
from behind the desk probably didn't care about that bit. This wasn't the original, it was reposted though still had 5-digit views.
"Well," I started, tapping at the touch screen. "It was just before my birthday and i was having some fun with friends, and frankly if you didn't want to see
me like that..."
tap, tap, tap
"You honestly shouldn't have clicked on a
video titled 'Sarah Wright- Teen Gangbang Slut' should you?"
tap, and done.
"You also probably shouldn't have watched like ninety-five per cent of it before deciding you didn't like what you were seeing, Though if you're searching for that kind of porn more power to you."
I left a pause for him to stare, thinking he was going to get a word in and just
as his mouth opened added;
"Plus, you stopped just before the best part"
I said, tapping my finger on the play button I turned and walked out of the room as the audio started again
Amplified to several times normal speaking volume, the cameraman in the video asked
"So what *are* you going to do when you're recognised Bike? What if it's someone you know? What if it's your family? What are you
going to say?"
My voice echoed down the landing towards me as I entered my bedroom
"Sorry Daddy, I'm a slut"
"Yes you are girl, yes.."
The audio cut out, he must have finally turned off the computer after I'd disabled his mouse, and he never got the hang of touchscreens. No matter, I knew how the video ended, I'd watched it enough times.
He asked me what I would do in response and I'd told him while the camera panned over me starting at my face and as I'd relaxed back moved across the rest of my body finally settling on my cunt, sore,
engorged and still leaking cum. He'd parted me to show the extent of my depravity, the closeup of a triple load of cum still filling my mind.
I quickly dropped my jeans and thong throwing them on my bed.
I hiked my shirt and bra up to bare my chest.
I didn't have much time, I could hear
his feet thundering down the hall towards me but I didn't need long. Not now.
My father burst into the room a shout half way past his lips. But there is not much will stop an angry man faster than the sight of his teen daughter naked and rubbing her bean with her shaven gash in full view. I locked eyes with him as I came. It wasn't a big one, but I hammed it up and made it obvious I wasn't going to stop. He shut the door as fast as he could but I still shouted "Should have finished it! I said I'd jillmyself into a coma if I was found out!"
It wasn't the last time my dad saw me naked, and in hindsight if he'd committed more effort to memorising what my cunt looked like maybe he could have avoided what happened the next time he saw it.