Sabine was in her senior year at college and had gotten an internship at a large financial firm in the city.
She was a naive girl, had not dated much, but wasn't a virgin due to a high school boyfriend. She wasn't a hottie but was fairly good looking, nice full a bit better than B cup breasts, slim waist, rounded hips and butt.
She didn't have a car so the women in HR who had hired her set her up with a car pool group that went by the apartment she had found. It was a 30 minute drive to work and back with the car pool, and the only issue with it was that she was the only woman.
The guys were older than her and at the end of the second week, talked her into going to a younger bar on Friday after work. She didn't mind since she had no friends. The only issue was that the bar, later in the evening had a wet tshirt contest. She got really embarrassed seeing those girls on a stage, getting wet, and basically ending up showing their boobs to everyone in the bar. But as she watched, sneaking glances, she began to think that it was hot. Of course the guys were teasing her about her getting into the contest. Of course, she said no. No way was she going to let anything like that happen to her in a bar.
On the way home to her apartment, the guys kept teasing her about the next week that she should enter the contest. Sabine was silent but she was thinking about it. It got her turned on, just thinking about doing it, but she wasn't going to do anything like that in a public bar with a whole bunch of people watching her. For God's sake, some of the girls even lifted up their tshirts, showing bare boob and one of them even took off her pants and was on stage in just a wet shirt and panties!
The next week went by quickly and came to Friday. The guys talked her into going to the same bar again. And after work, they handed her a bag and told her she should change into the outfit in the bag.
Sabine was hesitant but decided to see what clothes they had bought for her. She found a white tshirt, a white pair of slacks and she was glad to know that she had on a white bra and panties. She though what could it hurt, and changed into them. The slacks were very thin and you all know what a tshirt is like.
So they went to the bar. The contest was announced and of course she was teased by the guys to enter, but she wouldn't do it. After several drinks and after the contest they left. On the way home they stopped at a convience store and one of the guys went in. Sabine wasn't paying attention and the driver wasn't heading towards her apartment.
She was a little buzzed from the drinks and the guys starting teasing her about removing her bra so she would be more like the girls in the contest. Finally she did, but didn't pull up the tshirt or take it off, she just pulled her arms in through the arm holes and slipped her bra off and pulled it out the bottom of the tshirt, thinking that she was pretty smart. And she was until...
The guy who had gone into the convience store showed her a bottle of water, a big bottle, smirked at her, opened it and poured some of it on her tshirt.
Now Sabine has large areaolas and large nipples and the water was pretty cold. She gasped.
"What are you doing?"
Then she looked down. Her nipples were sticking out like pegs and the shaped of her boobs was definitely displayed. She blushed and glared at the guy who had splashed her. He smirked again and poured a good amount on the white slacks which when wet went as transparent as the tshirt. And the white panties she had on did nothing more to conceal her bush. As she looked down her bush was very evident. The guys were laughing. She was cold and wet, very wet.
They were looking at her avidly. Then...
"Sabine, that tshirt isn't hiding much of anything. Why don't you take it off."
She just stared at them. She couldn't really do that, could she? She shook her head no.
The guy reached over and poured more water on her. She hadn't noticed but the driver had pulled into a Walmart parking lot, way in the back but under a light and she was not in the dark. Every thing she had was sort of showing. And the guys were egging her on to strip off the tshirt. She began to get kind of excited. But she was still thinking.
"If I do, no touching!"
The guys all agreed. But could she trust them?
Sabine thought about it, the situation, could she trust them? But she was buzzed and she was excited by how much they wanted it. And...
She grasped the bottom of her tshirt and pulled it up over her head and off. She dropped it on the floor and covered her boobs with her arms.
"No Sabine, no covering up. Come on."
She felt her face flush, get hot and she slowly lowered her arms. Her boobs, soaked and with very hard, erect nipples came into view. The guys loved it. Sabine was thinking very hard and she knew that she might be making a big mistake, but she leaned back against the door and slowly moved her legs apart. The wet slacks and panties were not hiding much at all. Sabine looked down and she could see her bush, her pubic hair and just a hint of pussy lip.
Sabine was waiting for them to reach for her boobs but they didn't. But the guy with the water reached down and slowly undid the slacks and pulled the zipper down, folding the slacks away. Then he sat back and just looked at her, bare to the waist and her panties transparent. Bush showing plainly, clearly. Sabine pushed her shoes off and looked at each of them. She took a deep breath.
"If you want them off, go ahead. Just the slacks and I am not having sex with any of you."
The guy with the water moved over to her, grasped the waistband of the slacks and Sabine lifted her butt off the seat. He worked them over her hips and slowly pulled them down and off her legs. Now she was just in a pair of white transparent panties. At least the front of them. She furned over and lifted her butt up in the air.
"That isn't wet, is it?"
The guys laughed and the one with the water poured water over her butt and back.
"Nice ass crack, Sabine!"
Sabine began to rotate her wet ass, leaned her forehead against the window, reached back and slowly pulled the wet transparent panties down a bit, showing a good portion of her ass.
"Like it, like what you see?"
"Oh, yes!"
Sabine pulled them down further so the waistband was below the tuck of her ass, baring it all. She was getting very turned on. She moved back to sit and the panties were barely covering her bush. She glanced around at each of the men. Then she eased the panties down further in front, so a bit of her bush was visible.
"Do you want me naked, want these off?"
"YES!"
"Go ahead, strip them off me, but no sex. Just strip me."
Another one of the guys moved over to her and looking into her eyes, grasped the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them down. Down her legs and over her feet, tossing them on the floor, leaving Sabine bare ass naked in the car pool van. Naked with four older men who she really didn't know that well, had only met three weeks ago. She glanced around to each of them, then slowly opened her legs.
"I'm naked in front of you and I don't mind it."
The guys were all staring at her, the college senior intern, bare ass in front of them.
Sabine spread her legs wide, even though she blushed doing it. She looked down and then back up.
"I'm showing all of you my pussy and I'm OK with it. You're only the second guys to see my pussy."
Sabine was thinking naughty thoughts, not of screwing them, but of what she could do...
"Take some pictures of me like this. Then you can blackmail me to do it again."
The cell phones came out and flashed in darkness, even though she was in the light of the parking lot lights. She shivered.
"Drive me around like this, take my clothes away from me. Make me be naked for you. Make me do it. You can make me do this again. I want you to make me do this, but not every day. Make it a surprise for me. Next Monday come and get me an hour earlier for work. I'll let you strip me again if you want."
The guys took a lot of pictures of Sabine. A lot of them. She shivered as they did. She knew that they were going to keep them and she didn't care. Just being naked was arousing her.
The guys kept her naked for 40 minutes and drove her back to her apartment naked. Then they parked and had her get out of the van naked before they would give her the tshirt and slacks, no underwear. That had been tossed out of the van a long time ago. Sabine dressed in front of them, standing in the parking lot of her apartment. Then she went inside and stripped again, got in her bed naked and masturbated to orgasm.
Monday morning came and Sabine showered, put on makeup and dressed and was out in front of her apartment building waiting as the van pulled up. She was kind of excited.
The side door opened and she got in, surprised to see that two captain's chairs behind the front seats were gone. She was going to sit down, but...
"Just stay standing Sabine."
The guy who said that eased up to her, undid her slacks, grasped them and her panties and pulled them down her legs. The other one removed her suit jacket and began unbuttoning her blouse. Sabine shivered but didn't object as the two guys stripped her, within seconds of her getting into the van. Stripped her naked. She watched as her bra and panties were tossed out of the van. The driver pulled into a mall parking lot and stayed to the back, far away from the stores. She was sitting on the back bench seat when the van stopped and the two guys in the front seats got out and in the back with the other two guys and herself.
They all looked her, the naked her, smirking.
"Spread your legs Sabine."
"You want to see my pussy?"
"Yeah, spread them."
Sabine did. She showed them her pussy. She felt herself blushing, her face got very warm, but that didn't stop her from doing it. She looked down, she hadn't trimmed up her bush, it still covered most of her, but her lips were puffy and slightly swollen and protruding.
"Do you like me naked?"
"Yes, we do, Sabine."
"Like it when I show you my pussy?"
"Yes, but it would be better if you didn't have so much hair."
Sabine felt aroused and suddenly very naughty. She reached down with one hand and pulled her pussy lips apart.
"Like this?"
"Yes."
One of the guys came to sit next to her.
"Sabine, what does a girl want when she gets naked in front of guy?"
"To show off, I guess."
"No, Sabine, usually she wants to fuck. Do you want to fuck, Sabine?"
"No."
He reached over and cupped one of her tits, running his thumb over the nipple. Sabine moaned softly.
"Like your tits felt, Sabine?"
She just moaned louder. He squeezed her tit and put his other hand on her belly. She jerked slightly. The hand slid downward. Sabine tensed but didn't do anything else. His hand touched her pubic hair, slid through the hair. Touched her pussy lips. Wormed a finger between them. Eased a finger to her hole and slowly worked it inside her. Sabine whimpered and her hips lifted slightly.
"Like me feeling your cunt? I've got a hard on, Sabine. You know where that goes, don't you? Right up that tight hole of yours. Damn, your cunt is nice and wet! Want me to take my cock out and feed it to you Sabine?"
"Nooooo..."
Sabine could have closed her legs, but she didn't. She just let him finger fuck her.
"You are such a little bitch Sabine. You want a good fucking. There's four guys here. You could get fucked four times you hot little bitch. Getting naked last Friday, letting us strip you bare ass today. You want to get fucked, don't you?"
"Noooooo..."
"OK, fine, I'll just feel these nice soft tits of yours, play with your hard nipples and finger fuck you then."
Sabine moaned again and her hips started to buck. The guys started to chuckle. Sabine was naked, no protest, she had just let them strip her and now she was letting one of them feel and finger her. Her hips began to buck faster...
"OH GOD!"
"Want some cock Sabine? I've got a nice stiff piece of meat for you. Something to really fill up that hole of yours. I'd love to dump a load up in that twat of yours and then watch most of leak out of you. Take some pictures of your creamed twat with your face in them. So everyone I show them to would know what a filthy bitch you really are."
"Don't fuck me, please don't."
"Why not Sabine?"
"I'm not on birth control...OH Fuck! I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum!"
Sabine was humping his hand and fingers like crazy and then she blew...
"OH FUCK, OH GOD!"
The guys were laughing at her, seeing her naked and humping their buddy's hand and fingers. He pulled his finger out of her and lifted it to her face.
"Lick your cunt juice off my finger you little bitch."
Sabine obediently opened her mouth and let him thrust his finger into it. She closed her lips around it and softly sucked on it, tasting herself. It wasn't as bad as she thought it would be.
The guys kept her naked for the next 40 minutes and on the drive to work. At the parking ramp, they made her get out naked before they let her have her slacks and blouse. She dressed at the side of the van, nervous but excited. Then they all went into work.
At the morning break one of them came to her work station. The other people who worked near Sabine had gone to break. He turned her to face into her work station, then reached over her shoulders. He slowly began to unbutton her blouse until he could fold her blouse back, baring her tits. Then he took hold of her tits, bare, in the open, in the office, being felt up. Her nipples had stiffened nicely. He leaned his head next to hers...
"Before your internship is up Sabine I am going to feed my cock to you, right up your tight college girl cunt. Right up to my balls. I'm going to stretch your cunt open with my cock. Then I'm going to fuck you. And I am going to stuff my cock balls deep inside you and empty my balls in your tight little cunt. Then I'm going to take some pictures of you, bare ass with cum oozing out of you. Yeah, I know, you aren't on birth control. But I don't give a fuck. Maybe take a video of you fucking me. How would like it if I made a web site for you, for all the pictures of you bare ass, a video of you fucking? Make you give me email addresses of your friends so I can give the site address to them. So all your friends can see what a dirty bitch you really are, Sabine. Would that excite you?"
"Noooo..."
"I think that I'd like to have you on the internet Sabine. Buck fucking naked, legs spread, tits showing, cunt showing. What do you think about that? I've got some pictures already but I can get some better ones. I have my digital camera with me today. Make a series of you stripping off, then spreading your legs for the camera. What do you think?"
Sabine shuddered and closed her eyes. As much as what he was saying scared her, it also made her aroused thinking about it.
"I don't think I want a web site."
"Well, hell girl, I'll have the pictures so you won't have a lot to say about it anyway. Unless you fuck me, then maybe I won't."
"I am not going to fuck you!"
"Do up your blouse Sabine."
She buttoned her blouse up and just sat in her chair.
"Stand up."
Sabine did it, feeling stupid but also aroused by being told what to do.
The guy sat in her chair and moved her in front of him.
"Look at me."
As their eyes locked, Sabine felt his hands at her slacks. She thought she knew what he was going to do and that both scared and excited her. For God's sake, she was at work with other people there! But she focused on his face, shivering.
He undid her slacks and pulled the zipper down. She could see the smirk on his face. His hands slid around to her ass, under the waistband and slowly pushed down.
"Don't, please don't."
He chuckled and pushed down more and her slacks came really loose and slid down her legs. After stripping her that morning the guys had tossed her underwear out of the van, so had no panties on and her bush was right in the open.
He chuckled again.
"I just wanted to see your cunt again Sabine. Move your legs apart a bit."
Sabine didn't want to but she it anyway. God she hated that word! He pulled her lips apart and looked at how pink and wet she was, how her clit was sticking out and he slowly worked two fingers inside her. He thrust in and out and rotated his fingers inside her. She began to moan again. It felt good but she was really scared.
"Show me your tits."
Sabine's hands went to her blouse and slowly began to unbutton it. She pulled it open to let him see her tits and nipples. It wasn't all the way undone but enough to display herself to him. He pulled his fingers out of her and wiped them off on her nipples. He chuckled again.
"A little cunt perfume, hey Sabine?"
She whimpered softly. It was humiliating but arousing.
He stood up, stepped back and looked at her. Her blouse open, tits showing, her slacks around her ankles, no panties on, bush displayed. She looked at him, looked down her body, back up to him and shivered, closing her eyes.
"Get yourself back together bitch."
"No. Get your camera, hurry..."
He chuckled and walked away. Sabine leaned back against her desktop and waited. He came back with his camera. Sabine looked at him and he took a picture. She shuddered, she was still scared, still aroused. She undid the rest of her blouse and slipped it off, dropped it on the floor. He took a picture. She toed off her shoes. Then she pushed her slacks off so she was completely naked. He took a picture. She sat down on her chair and hooked her legs over the chair arms. He took a picture. Sabine looked at him.
"Like me naked?"
"Umhmmm."
"Take another picture."
He did. And another one. God her nipples were hard and tingling and so was her pussy. Sabine reached down and pulled her pussy open.
"Take another one."
He did. She licked her lips. Then she pulled on her slacks and blouse and did everything up. She smiled at him now.
"Did you enjoy that?"
"Umhmmm."
"So did I. But I was really scared, nervous."
He smirked at her and left. She sat on her chair thinking about what she had just done. It was stupid but it made her hot. Later on she buzzed him on the intercom.
"Don't go for lunch until I see you."
"OK."
As lunch time came Sabine got her nerve up and walked down to the guy's office. He had a private office, thankfully. She walked into it, smiled at him and closed the door. She looked down, she was feeling a little embarrassed. But she was excited. She looked at him, just the two of them in the office.
"Strip me."
He chuckled.
"Come over here."
He pointed to the side of his desk. Sabine walked over. He took her wrist and pulled her closer and began unbuttoning her blouse. When it was completely undone he pushed it off her shoulders and down her arms. Her nipples were stiff and sticking out. The blouse came off and he tossed it behind her. He reached out and undid her slacks and unzipped them. Pushed them down, bent and lifted one foot and pulled them off that leg, then lifted the other and pulled her slacks completely off her.
"Take off your shoes."
Sabine toed them off as she watched him ball up her slacks and toss them behind her. He picked up her shoes and tossed them after her clothes.
"Get your ass up on the desk and spread your legs, show me your cunt."
"Can't you use pussy?"
"No, it's a cunt so that is what I am going to call it."
Sabine eased up on the desk and spread her legs for him.
He reached out and pushed her pussy lips apart.
"Jesus you are wet! You have to be just dying to be fucked."
The camera came out.
"Pull yourself open so I can get a shot of that pink, wet cunt of yours."
Sabine felt her face getting hot, embarrassed somewhat, humiliated a lot, but aroused at being naked in front of him. The she said something really stupid.
"You can put the tip in."
He laughed, got up and went to the door, locked it. He came back and looked her up and down. He unzipped and took out his cock. It was a little bigger than average and looked really hard. He put it at her hole, rested it there, eased the tip inside her. Sabine gasped. She looked down at herself and him.
"You want more of this, don't you? You want me to stuff the whole hard length of it inside you. You want to feel my balls hit your ass, Sabine. You want to feel me pumping my cock in and out of your tight cunt, don't you?"
"No, just the tip..."
"Ah, but I want to feel all of my cock inside you, Sabine. Feel the hot wet tunnel of you around me cock. You want that too, right? You want me to push it all in, don't you?"
He laughed, pushed her head up so she was looking at him.
"I'm going to stick it in you right up to my balls, Sabine. Then I'm going to leave it buried inside you and rub your clit. See if you can keep from fucking when you get hot. I won't fuck you, but I'll let you fuck me, Sabine."
Sabine felt the length of him sliding into her, felt his finger at her clit, felt him start rubbing her clit. She bit her lip. She grasped his shoulders and closed her eyes, whimpering softly. Her hips jerked. He chuckled. He kept rubbing her and Sabine moaned, hips jerked again. And then she started working them, faster and faster. Pushing her hips forward and back. She felt his cock sliding in and out.
"God, you'll pull out won't you, please..."
"Nope, if you don't want me to cum, stop moving"
But she couldn't stop as long as he rubbed her clit. She was moving faster and faster, beginning to pant...
"Suck my nipples, God, suck them, suck them!"
He bent over and took a nipple into his mouth. Sabine stiffened and began bucking again, back and forth, feeling his cock sliding in and out of her. The she felt him seem to get harder than ever and then...
He began spurting into her, sperm shooting into her unprotected pussy. He hadn't lasted long but he came so much! She could feel it oozing out around his cock, trickling down her ass. And then he pulled out. A long line of cum oozed out of her used hole and he picked up his camera and took a picture of her, naked, oozing cum, nipples hard, pussy slightly swollen and open, red. He took several pictures of her like that.
"I knew you would fuck, Sabine, I just knew it."
"Oh God, what if I get pregnant?"
"Not my problem Sabine. You were the one fucking, not me. All I did was put it all in you."
"You're kind of asshole."
"Yeah, well, I have a Dr. friend. I'll take you to him tomorrow. You can get a morning after pill and some birth control. But you know that birth control won't be effective for a month, Sabine. But you should know that I am going to be fucking you every day, bare back. I'm going to blow more cum inside you, empty my balls in you. Every fucking day, Sabine. But for now, just get down on your knees and open your mouth. My cock needs to get cleaned off."
Sabine shook her head no. He just smirked at her. Then he grasped her shoulders and pushed her to her knees.
"Open up. Open up or I'll have to pinch your nostrils closed. Then you'll open it."
Sabine closed her eyes after looking at his cock, still out of his pants, still partly erect. She opened her mouth and he stuck his cock in it.
"Suck me clean Sabine, use that tongue too."
And she did. When he felt he was clean enough he let her up and told her to get dressed. Sabine went out but instead of lunch she got a toothbrush and tooth paste to clean her mouth. She had not liked the taste.
Sabine was left alone for the afternoon, but she had expected the guy to come back to her station at the afternoon break. She was both disappointed and relieved. But after work, on the way to the car pool van, she met the four of them. When the got to the van, the guy who had pushed her buttons during the day asked for the keys, that he would drive so the others could see her better.
At the side of the van...
"Sabine, take off your clothes."
She was kind of surprised, but not really. She looked both ways, seeing no one. She stepped back to the side door of the van. And she stripped. It didn't take long, she only had shoes, blouse and slacks. She had been carrying her suit jacket. Not until she was naked was the van unlocked. Everyone got in, the other three in the back with her. The guy from earlier was driving. But he said something that really got to her...
"I fucked her over lunch, actually she fucked me. Bare back. I dumped a load inside her. She'll tell you she didn't like it, but she was really humping her ass on my cock."
They all laughed.
"Spread your legs Sabine, so they can see your cunt, your used cunt."
She was pretty humiliated but she spread her legs, feeling her face getting warm again.
"I'm going to take her home tonight, probably fuck her again."
Sabine's face got hotter. She was sitting with her legs wide open, three guys staring at her pussy and tits, the other one telling them what he had done to her earlier in the day.
"Oh, and she cleaned my cock off after I shot inside her. Kneeling naked in my office, sucking cock like a good little girl."
Sabine was really blushing now, but she still didn't close her legs. The three guys in the back with her were taking pictures of her naked like crazy. She sort of minded that, but it also turned her on quite a bit. They must have taken over two hundred of them on the drives to their homes. When the last one was dropped off the driver, Josh said to her...
"Get up here, turn to face me and spread. I want to look at your cunt some more, bitch."
The very casual way that he talked to her was humiliating but also a turn on. Like he expected her to obey without question. She had liked how he told her to strip in the parking garage, basically in the open. Like she wouldn't tell him no. Actually, that turned her on also. Undressing, the possibility of someone walking by, ending up bare ass, one of the guys holding her clothes. God, they could have just left her there, naked! And by now, they guys had seen her naked so much, it didn't really get to her embarrassment-wise, just opening her legs embarrassed her. But she did really feel the humiliation.
They got to his place and he let her put on her slacks and blouse to go in. He had her order pizza for delivery. They sat around and talked, he didn't tell her to strip, which was a big surprise. But...
When the pizza arrived, a guy delivering Josh paid for it. Then...
"Do you want to see her naked?"
"Oh, no, please...
The pizza guy grinned. Josh looked at him, smiling, turned to Sabine and smirked. One word...
"Strip."
Sabine was standing in the small kitchen of his apartment. She felt her face heating up. She looked at Josh, then the pizza guy. She slipped off her shoes. Then she began to unbutton her blouse. As she did that, the pizza guy realized that she was really going to do it. And she did. The blouse off, no bra, Josh taking it from her. She undid her slacks and slid them down, not looking at the pizza guy, embarrassed and excited. She got them over her feet and Josh took them from her also. He smirked at her. He walked away with her clothes. She just stood there, dumbly. Josh came back.
"Get your ass up on the table and spread your legs for him."
Sabine hesitantly walked to the table and sat on it, but she didn't open her legs.
"Spread Sabine."
She closed her eyes and then opened them, looked at the pizza guy and her legs opened wide.
"Got a cell phone?"
"Yeah."
"Want some pictures of her? Go ahead. Show them around at work if you want. Her name is Sabine Johnson. When you get enough of her front, she'll show you her ass if you want some of that too. She doesn't mind."
Actually, Sabine did mind, she didn't want everyone in the world to have naked pictures of her, but it also turned her on to be displayed as she was and to know that that man could show her to anyone he wanted. He finally left, grinning, Sabine still on the table, legs wide open, tits in plain sight along with her pussy.
They ate, Sabine still naked. This was becoming sort of normal for her by now. Then he took her in the bathroom and shaved her pussy, completely bare, no hair at all. He brought her into the bedroom, she was thinking he was going to fuck her again, she didn't really want to do that, but he just got out a tshirt, handed it to her.
"Put it on."
The tshirt was maybe three inches below her pussy at most. Her nipples were so hard they were totally visible. Josh told her to go and get in the van and he drove them to Best Buy. He had her come in the store with him and went to the camera department where he purchased a video camera. As he was waiting for the man to ring up the item he said to him...
"Want to see her?"
Sabine's stomach flipped. She just stood there, closing her eyes.
"What?"
"Do you want to see her? She's got nothing on under the tshirt."
The man grinned.
"Pull the tshirt up over your tits."
Sabine, for multiple reasons didn't want to, but for one she did, maybe more than one. Mostly she wanted to do it for the humiliation she felt, something that she got aroused over. Being told to expose herself to anyone Josh wanted her to, well it just flat out did it for her.
She opened her eyes, looked at the male clerk, grasped the bottom of the tshirt and slowly pulled it up until it was around her neck. She felt that she was blushing. Now everything was easily seen since her pubic hair was completely gone. God her nipples were hard!
"She's a good fuck too. Damn near broke my cock off earlier today."
Sabine just winced. Hearing that was a total humiliation for her. Finally the clerk finished, Josh paid and she was allowed to lower her tshirt. As she turned around there was a woman standing fairly close to her.
"You should be ashamed of yourself!"
Sabine just kept walking she was now awfully embarrassed in addition to the humiliation she felt.
They got in the van. As Josh drove off...
"I've got a spot picked out, perfect spot Sabine. You're going to love this. Want to know why?"
"No."
"Well then, I won't tell you."
The drive was fairly long and he didn't tell her to show him anything, which sort of disappointed her, but she just looked out the window. He pulled off the road onto an overgrown track, drove down it a bit and then backed up into what looked like an unused old driveway.
"Get out, leave your shoes in the van."
Josh and Sabine were standing on the track, Josh with his new video camera.
"Give me the tshirt."
Sabine just stared at him, he couldn't really mean that. Then she shook her no.
"This is too scary for me."
"I didn't ask you if you wanted to, I just told you to do it."
"No."
Josh didn't say anything, just looked around. Then he grabbed her arm and pulled her down the track. He put his left foot on a good sized rock and pulled her over his knee, on her belly. She was over balanced, hands on the ground and feet not able to touch. She felt him pull the tshirt up over her ass, baring it and then he started to spank her bare ass.
"No, DON'T, OW, OW..."
He ignored her squealing and kept spanking. He began working the tshirt up her body until she felt it mostly around her neck. He gave her flurry of spanks until she was kicking her feet up and down, then he pulled the tshirt over her head and it slid down her arms, ending up around her wrists, she was totally bare.
Sabine's ass was hot, she was bare ass, and then she felt his finger at her pussy, worming in, sliding up, finger fucking her. After a short time she was lifting her ass up, trying to get more of it inside her. Josh chuckled.
"You're a hot ass little bitch Sabine."
He fingered her more, she kept bucking her ass up. The he pulled his finger out and wiped it on her ass.
"Stand up and take off the tshirt."
"You're an asshole!"
"Yeah, I am but you love it. Take off the tshirt."
Sabine did, it was dangling from her hand.
"Give it to me and stay here."
She handed it to him and watched as he stepped into the trees. In a bit he returned without it.
"You best remember this spot Sabine or you're going to bare ass for a long time tonight. Even on the way into my apartment."
She was pretty nervous, slightly scared and awfully turned on.
"Start walking, that way."
And Josh lifted up his camera and started taping her, naked as the day she was born, outside, no clothes even near her. Sabine swallowed, looked both ways on the track and began walking. She was getting hotter, the further she walked away from the tshirt, even if she had no idea where it was in the trees. She wondered how long he was going to make her be like this, if he was going to try to fuck her out here, if he was going to let her get the tshirt back. What else was he going to have her do? She didn't know, had no idea and she was so aroused by it it wasn't funny...