Days later I was still thinking about this little "hobby" of mine. I was beginning to think that every woman in the world wanted to watch me come. Unreal I know but I had more exhibitionistic masturbation in the past few weeks then in all the years that came before. I needed to see if this phenomenon was at all true.
---
I wanted to expose myself to a total stranger and see what happened. But times being what they are, I wasn't going to just expose myself to an uninterested stranger.
----
I told my wife about my desire. She noted that exposing myself to a stranger could land me in court. So we figured that if it was apparent that the woman was interested, it would be OK. So what would that be?
We decided that a personals ad in the underground paper might attract the right women:
MWM, 40, wants to show off for you if you are a woman who likes to watch. Reply to box 9567.
We ran the ad and waited. After a week there were four phone messages in our box. We listened to the first one. It was a very gay sounding guy. Bleep. Not my style.
The next was a very proper sounding woman who said I should go to the nude beach on Saturday and go into the dunes at noon. She'd be there. OK, that's one to follow up.
The next message was a nervous young lady who said I should visit the library any morning at 11 AM and go to the Medieval history section. She'd be there. OK.
The next was an older woman who sounded like she was getting herself off as she suggested that I park on the top floor of the public transit parking garage at 4 PM on Thursday. She'd be in a green Lexus and I should park beside her. She went on about watching me rub it and take it out stroke myself. As she talked about my cum spurting her breath became ragged and she hung up. Whew! That's a must do.
---
The next morning I skipped work and went to the library. I went up stairs to the history section and located the Medieval history section. There at the end of the aisle was a lovely woman sitting a desk facing my way. She had her elbows on the table and her hands joined over her eyes. She appeared to be looking at the huge book in front of her. I reached down to rearrange myself and, almost magically, the woman's legs parted a few inches. My view under the table showed white nylons with garters. My cock swelled. This seemed crazy but no one was around. I made a few jackoff motions. She nodded her head ever so slightly then slid down in the chair. She dropped one hand to her lap and then, parting her legs a bit more, landed her fingers right on her panties. Wow. She moved her fingers through her slit slowly. Just then I heard some people chatting as they approached our aisle. The woman got decent as I moved to the next aisle. When the people passed, I went back to the show. She was gone. Ah, well. Maybe later...
On Thursday I left work early to get to the parking garage by 4. On the top floor there was a Lexus SUV parked down toward one end, backed in to a space on the outside row. I pulled in to the space beside the SUV and looked over at the Lexus. There was a woman in her fifties. She smiled at me. I sat there for a minute wondering what to do. I looked over to her for a cue and could not see her. I got out of my car and looked into her window. She had her seat laid back and had her legs splayed as she thrust both hands into her pussy. Apparently just the thought of what she was about to do was enough to get her off. Suddenly the window came down. The woman said "Open the door." I did. The door was now hiding everything we were doing. Or about to do. She said "Let's see your stuff." I unzipped and hauled out my now-chubby pole. She sighed. I wrapped my hand around my cock and started stroking. She loved it. I moved closer to rub my cock against her knee. She started to shudder all over. Then she said "Just stroke it." I pulled back and leaned against my car as I started stroking steadily. She came then sat up straight and focused on my display. It was methodical but eventually I came, splashing cum all over the garage deck. She said, "Thank you." And drove away.
Off to the beach on Saturday. I found the nude section and went up into dunes. There were lovers and sunbathers in the hollows of the dunes. The specific woman was hard to pick out as I went from dune to dune. The next dune hollow had not only one woman, but two. Both nude. And one was my wife!