Kate was stunning in her shiny white latex nurse's outfit and cap, white high heel boots and white leather posture collar locked about her slim neck with a silver padlock. Attached to a ring in the front of the collar William had clipped a metal chain leash which ended in a red leather handle, held firmly in his rubber-gloved hand. William wore a blinding white lab coat, steampunk goggles, a bright red latex shirt and black leather pants. His head was shaved. As they strode confidently through the fetish crowd, eyes turned to watch them.
Kate didn't touch alcohol, but William helped himself to one glass of cranberry juice and vodka, his drink of choice. Around them milled a cacophony of leather, latex, PVC and flesh. In one chair sat a striking black woman in a red latex Star Trek dress, by a table a buxom young woman in an extremely revealing pink rubber dress chatted up a man in a tight blue vinyl jumpsuit. William finished his drink, reached up to grasp the chain within a hands-width of her collar and pulled gently, yet firmly forward and down.
Holding the leash with his left hand, William bent Kate over his knee and slowly rolled up the back of her short white latex nurse's dress, despite her feeble protests. Revealing the white trimmed red latex underwear barely covering her lovely smooth cheeks, he ran his hands gently over them. They were oblivious (oblivious?) to the eyes now turning their way. He pulled his rubber-gloved hand back and brought it against the latex on her behind with a sharp, resounding SMACK! She gasped in a breath of air and let out a short, soft moan of pleasure. A few more eyes turned their direction as William drew back and landed his hand once more on her ass with a rubber-on-rubber CRACK! Kate yelped in delight. William looked around them and noticed several other couples kissing, fondling, and otherwise becoming engaged in their own love-play with Kate and him at the center.
When he failed to land another blow in a timely manner Kate turned her head to look up at him (not an easy task with her stark white posture collar locked onto her gorgeous neck.) Her eyes were wide, pupils dilated; they were close to pleading. He would comply, but only when he felt the time was right. When Kate finally dropped her head, hair falling across one eye, William let fly another sharp spank.
Her surprised gasp was cut short when William suddenly grabbed her hair and pulled, forcing Kate to arch her back and look him in the eye again. Kneeling between his knees, Kate could feel William's need pressing against her arm and he could clearly see her desire in her eyes. He helped her to her feet and took her leash in hand. Moving to a less public dark corner they left the other couples behind in various states of fondling, groping and clutching.
Trapping Kate in the corner William pulled her to him with a firm tug of the metal chain leash. Their lips met and he felt the intense heat welling up inside her. She wanted him, he wanted her, and he was determined to satisfy that hunger right there, right then. Grabbing her by the hair once again he forced her down to her knees. She ran her face greedily over the obvious mound in the front of his pants, yearning to set his cock free. She looked up at him once again and he knew she was ready. William reached down, unbuttoned the waist of his pants, opened the zipper and pulled them down enough to liberate his penis. Hidden from view by his lab coat Kate placed a hand around his cock and pulled it to her waiting lips.
She first took only the head, and as he squeezed hidden muscles it swelled enormously in her mouth, pressing against all sides. A moan escaped her as his powerful cock spread wide her jaws. Kate was careful to hold him back, wetting his hot shaft thoroughly with tongue and lips. He was too big to take in completely at this angle and she pressed her hand against his gentle forward thrust so she could see and appreciate him. His cock was engorged and hot in her cool hand; he could wait no longer. Kate took him in her mouth as far as she could, using her hand not only to stroke his shaft, but also to keep him from thrusting too deeply. She could feel herself getting wet, responding to his need with her own.
William loved the feel of his cock in Kate's mouth; no one had ever satisfied him orally like she could. She was the only woman who had ever been able to make him cum using only her sweet mouth and talented hands, and she did it often. She loved sucking him off as much as he loved getting sucked. The feel of her lips running up and down his shaft, her mouth moistening him as her hand slid back and forth was one like no other. She had a talent William imagined few women could match, and he was more than happy he was the man to benefit from it!
As she sucked him deeper and deeper into her mouth he reached down and grabbed the hair at the back of her head. She moaned deeply (God! He loved when she did that!) knowing what was coming.
Now he took control of the movement; gripping her hair tightly, William moved her up and down, faster and faster, on his thrusting cock. Her hand not holding his shaft was gripping his leather-clad thigh, and she was relishing the feel of his powerful leg muscles as he rocked his hips faster and faster. Finally, Kate could take it no longer, and pulled back, drawing her lips firmly up and off his throbbing cock. William released his grip on her hair and cradled the back of her head gently. She looked up at him; his intense blue eyes were piercing and unwavering.
Sensing the heat inside of her, William used the leash to pull her up from her knees until she stood before him, cradled in the corner of the room, body hidden from view by his coat. Her eyes burned; her breath rasped. He knew how wet she was without touching her. He could feel the heat coming from her body; he could sense the luscious sweat forming under the layer of rubber. If he could have he would have peeled that dress off her that moment, ripped off his own clothes and covered them both in their shared sweat as they rolled around in a riot of flesh. Not wanting to leave the Rubber Ball in handcuffs (at least, not those belonging to the police,) he restrained himself, if only slightly. Keeping his eyes locked on hers he reached down to her red latex panties and pulled them aside, revealing to his gloved fingers her hot, wet pussy. He spent a moment rubbing his finger over her clit, moistening his finger by pushing it gently inside her and running it over her lips. Taking his cock in his free hand he guided it to her slick lips and massaged the head firmly against her clit, covering it with her juices. Her eyes closed slightly, her body quivered, she gasped quietly. She wanted to be filled with his cock...she wanted to feel it stretch her to the limit and beyond...she wanted him to cum in her cunt, fill her with his delicious fluid.
William paused his rubbing and gave her The Look...that slight smile that told her all she wanted to know...he was about to ram his cock into her, hard! Kate stepped out of her panties as surreptitiously as possible and stowed them in one of William's lab coat's pockets. Her cunt was free to the air and she could feel her wetness. Their eyes locked, and she raised one leg to wrap around his waist under his lab coat. He leaned in, the head of his cock parting her pussy lips and searching for the entryway to bliss. Kate purposefully held her hips at the wrong angle so his cock would have to slide in and out between her wet lips and across her clitoris as he slowly thrust, wetting the entire shaft thoroughly. Finally, Kate pressed her shoulders back against the wall, tilting her hips so his huge cock could gain entry.
The head of his cock burst through, its sheer size surprising a gasp from her. William was gentle and slid forward carefully, allowing Kate to take him in slowly, agonizingly, until she felt like she could take no more. She was so wet, her juices dripped down her leg, but there was so much more to come. William pulled back, and Kate could feel every inch of him rippling through her. William pushed forward, and the well-defined ridge of the head of his cock sent shivers of delight through her and her hips came forward of their own accord.
Soon they found the natural rhythm they always found, their bodies merging and parting again and again, William's cock getting slicker and slicker until they could hear the wetness between Kate's legs. William couldn't get enough of that sound. The sound of pure, raw, passionate sex. Sometimes, especially when Kate was on top (a favorite position of hers,) she would get so wet that he could feel the juices running down his cock, soaking his balls. Now that was fucking!
In the midst of their lovemaking (if something that primal could be called such,) Kate looked briefly over William's shoulder and saw that they had, indeed, started something. There were women on their knees giving their men exquisite head, men with their hands roughly groping naked breasts, pinching pink nipples until they stood taut, hands down pants and up skirts, one woman sitting on a love seat giving her companion a very thorough tugjob, and more than a few couples as engrossed in screwing as they. The sights and sounds of sex were all around her, William's cock was thrusting into her, and she was loving it!
William slowed his pace, pulling his cock almost out of her pussy. He did that sometimes; he would pull almost out, then pump just the tip in and out of her until she was ready to scream! Then, just when she was about to lose control he...FILLED her with his cock until she was going to burst! She moaned loudly this time, but it didn't matter; there was so much moaning and groaning around them that no one heard. He did this several more times, then, taking a quick look behind him to see what was happening, he had an idea. William wanted to fuck Kate from behind. This way he could not only watch his cock go in and out of her sweet cunt, but he could give her a swift CRACK on the ass with his hand. Whenever he did this she not only squealed in delight, but her pussy muscles tightened maddeningly around his cock, squeezing it as her moistened fist had done not so long before. What he needed was a mirror.
Kate groaned in thwarted pleasure when William pulled his cock completely from her. Breathing hard, William held his lab coat closed with one hand and grabbed Kate's leash with the other. Kate hurriedly straightened her skirt before being pulled along in William's wake. She knew what he must be after and pointed him to the ladies room at the end of a dark hallway. Hurrying inside, he found it perfect for what he hand in mind.
There was a huge mirror over the two-sink vanity and another long mirror on a side wall meant for giving fastidious ladies a full view of themselves before exiting. William led Kate to the vanity and pushed firmly on the back of her shoulder. Happily taking the cue, Kate bent forward while her elbows leaned on the countertop. Kate looked up into the mirror and saw William behind her, his broad shoulders stretching his red latex shirt tightly across his chest. William's eyes never left hers as he rolled up the back of her skirt once more and slid his still-wet cock back inside.
From this angle, Kate knew William went deeper and she felt his cock thrusting against her limits and gasped each time. Tiny sparks of yellow light burst across her vision as they ground their bodies together. William grabbed one cheek roughly in his strong hands and squeezed it. He then raked his nails across the soft skin, leaving parallel trails of joy as Kate arched her back, moaning deeply and gripping his cock even tighter.
People came and went behind them as they fucked, most giving them little more than a quick glance and a smile. One busty redhead paused for a few minutes, leaning against the full length mirror, the hem of her black latex dress pulled up, one hand massaging her clit, the other her left tit. She pulled her right hand away, sucked it briefly between bright red pursed lips and left, probably to find someone to satisfy her cravings. William and Kate never missed a beat.
As she sensed William nearing an impressive climax, Kate gently pulled away from him, turned around and sat on the counter. Placing her heels in the pockets of his lab coat, she pulled William back into her. She wanted to be looking into his eyes when he came; nothing thrilled her more than the look of intense ecstasy in his face when he pumped his cum deep inside her. He began to thrust his cock harder and deeper, deeper and harder, until she felt she would burst at the seams. She could tell he was about to explode; his breath got more rapid, his muscles tensed, and he began to moan. Softly at first, his groaning reached a crescendo as he pounded his cock into her tight, soaking pussy. Within moments he was moaning loudly, his cum shooting to fill her cunt. Kate almost screamed, his orgasm was so intense, and she came moments after. They continued to pump for a minute or so, slowly coming down from their climax. As they collapsed against each other, they were greeted by a round of applause from the small group of scantily clad men and women around them. Kate and William hadn't seen them come in; they were more than a little self-absorbed. "Nicely done," said one man dressed as Superman. "I couldn't have done it better myself."
William gave him a sly smile, looked into Kate's eyes and replied, "We'll see you all next year!"