Part 1
Claire picked idly at her fingernails and her thoughts, sitting behind the counter of OfficeOptions, her current place of employment. A small part of her brain warned her she was ruining a relatively nice manicure, but she was too perturbed by the rest of her thoughts to care. She was genuinely torn, a situation she didn't enjoy. Claire had always been able to make up her mind, and follow it doggedly, regardless of the consequences. She double majored in literature and art history, spending an extra year to finish both degrees, even though she had no interest in writing or teaching either. She broke up with her boyfriend Paul of four years five minutes after she realized he was going to be bald much sooner than she would have liked. Just looked at him shaving in the mirror at his apartment and told him before he had wiped the extra shaving cream off his face that there was no need to rush to brunch because she didn't feel like going, and didn't feel like a lot of things to be honest.
But now, staring at her friend, roommate and coworker Lisa, Claire was wondering about the future. They had been friends for seven years now, good friends. Lisa would swear to anyone that meeting Claire was the best thing to happen to her. They met at a freshmen orientation. Claire couldn't find a building and Lisa, who was always nervous about putting herself into a weird spot, offered to show her around. Claire promised to make it up to her and she did: it was Claire who put Lisa together, replacing her Dial soap with a gentle scrub for the face that finally saved Lisa from acne. It was Claire who taught Lisa how to diet without starving herself, and to exercise her way into an exceptional figure. Lisa, Claire decided, was an attractive girl who was way overdue for a boyfriend. If she would dress like I told her, Claire told herself for what must have been the 100th time, and show off those curves. Claire ended the though with a sigh. She remembered the one time she had convinced Lisa to give it a shot.
_____________
Three years ago as Seniors, Claire had managed to talk Lisa into showing off her curves. There was an annual party with a 300 theme, which the girls had been invited to thanks to Paul, a linebacker on the Centurions football team, who had just started dating Claire. Claire had cajoled Lisa for hours to come with her.
"Come on, you never go to anything."
"Possibly for a reason. I'm not walking around in a bed-sheet in public." Lisa's voice fell to a whisper, reddening at the thought.
"What? But you're perfect. You're a more olive-skinned Lena Headley. I'm the one who's going to look out of place with my blond hair."
"Claire, you couldn't look out of place anywhere. You always look great."
"So come with. Please?"
Two hours later, they were there. Claire wore a short tunic style toga more suitable for a boy. She knew it wasn't ideal, but she wasn't about to miss an opportunity to show off her toned legs. Besides, she wanted to spend most of her time beforehand working on Lisa's outfit.
The completed effect was everything Claire wanted, and almost everything that would make Lisa uncomfortable, although, she had to admit, she looked great. Claire had twisted and pinned Lisa's sheet into more of a draped prom dress than a toga. Claire finished the look with some fake plastic leaves on a garland for a laurel effect that also supported the front of the dress. It showed off Lisa's shapely, still firm breasts, and hinted at her hourglass figure.
Claire was thrilled. Lisa looked like a Greek goddess.
"Everyone will love it." Claire assured her.
And she was right. The moment they entered the party, mouths all around the frat house dropped. Lisa blushed at the attention, but kept smiling, enjoying the newfound attention. Boys who had no idea they'd been in class with Lisa were now looking for excuses to go up and talk to her.
Paul sidled up to Claire. "Wow, that's your roommate? You did a great job on her."
"Thanks. I put her dress together myself."
"Some of the guys and I were talking. Do you think she'd present something to Tryon? We want to do something for him. He ripped his knee, done for the season, and he's kind of down about it."
"Sure! Actually, I've got an idea."
Claire called Lisa over and told her what was discussed.
"The hot guy on crutches? Oh God, yes."
"Excellent. I just need some of your laurels. Don't worry, your dress will be fine." Claire took the run of leaves that worked as the neck strap for the dress. Lisa was about to protest, but she didn't feel any shift in the dress. I guess there's nothing to worry about, she thought to herself. There's so many pins in this thing, I doubt it could move if it had to.
A few moments later, Claire had twisted the flowers into a laurel wreath, and Tryon was seated in a chair at the top of the blocked off first landing, smiling and making jokes. Claire whispered a few words of encouragement into Lisa's ear and she began to ascend the steps, locking eyes with Tyron. She kneeled at the step right before him and offered the laurel wreath. As she kneeled, her shoe dressed down on the inside of her dress. He nodded at her, smiling, and Lisa stood.
Her dress didn't. The series of pops were loud enough to be heard across the room as the dress stayed stuck under her shoe. She stood wreath in hand in front of Tyron, naked except for the shoes and thong.
It was hard to tell who's eyes got wider or did so more quickly. For a long second, they both stood frozen. Lisa's yelp was covered by mingled gasps and laughter. For a brief moment she twisted back and forth, unsure of what to do, before covering her ample breasts with one hand and offering the laurels to Tryon with the other. He was too mesmerized for a few seconds to take them, a few seconds that felt like an agony to Lisa. Finally he did.
She immediately bent down and grabbed at the bundle of fabric at her feet.
"YEEOOWW!" She stood bolt upright, rubbing her right hand with her left from the sting of the many pins that had once held the dress on which were now pointing in every direction.
The dawning realization hit her. She was rubbing her right hand with her left. She had exposed her breasts again.
She again yelped, and again covered her chest with her hands. She stood frozen and confused. She then tried with her left hand to pull the sheet from the floor, but a few tugs made it clear that she was still standing on it, whatever pins hadn't stabbed her were now caught in the carpet. Making things worse, she realized she was in serious danger of falling down the stairs if she kept moving.
Claire scrambled looking for a bed sheet, a tablecloth, anything to hide her friend. She grabbed Paul by the shoulder, pulling his eyes from her nearly naked friend.
"Where can I get something to cover her?"
"Oh Damn," Paul said with a laugh. "We keep that stuff upstairs."
A few hours later, Claire was still stroking Lisa's shoulders as her mortified friend laid face down on the bed.
_____________
Claire though about that now, three years later. Because, she realized, to help Lisa before she lost her final chance, Claire was about to make life for Lisa make that night a few years ago feel like a holiday.
It wasn't that Claire was cruel. Far from it. She loved Lisa like a sister. But Lisa was a few months away from taking a full time job as a library technician at a local community college. While Claire was thrilled for her friend she knew that this was her last chance to get Lisa a boyfriend. And even though after that night at the frat house, Lisa already dressed the part of a librarian, she still kept her figure and flawless skin, and still caught glances from customers and coworkers. Claire knew that she would have to show off her friend, and there was no way Lisa would do that willingly.
Also, Claire had found the perfect guy for Lisa just two days ago. Ken was new to the store, a college junior. He was very good looking but very shy. Claire had done some digging rig after meeting him at one of the "team meetings" their boss Peter was so enamored with.
"What's his story, Petey?" Lisa said with a smile. Peter was hopelessly smitten with Lisa and would have handed her the keys to the store and the combination to the safe if she ever even hinted she wanted them.
"Oh, Ken? His full name is Kendrick. Smart kid. Finishing his degree in electrical engineering at your college a full year early. Wanted some extra cash to prep for grad school. I know his cousin from..." Peter couldn't bring himself to say Dungeons and Dragons, "...from when we were younger. You know he used to be like nearly three hundred pounds?"
"What? Ken? No way. Look at him." Claire gestured at Ken's figure. "He looks like a boxer or something."
Peter sucked in his gut a little. "Yep. Apparently at seventeen he went on some strict diet and exercise regimen. His cousin said the wrestling team was begging him to walk on last year."
"So he's straight?"
"Yeah, I assume. I mean, he went to an all boys school for high school and apparently works his butt off at college, plus summer courses and I'm told he work some construction as well. He's got a couple friends but I doubt he's been on a date in his life."
He's perfect, Claire thought to herself. He's just like my Lisa, a diamond in the rough.
___________________________
It was time for step one. Claire watched Lisa circulate the empty store in her light white blouse that Claire had just bought her, tank top and loose, shin-length skirt and boots. This location of OfficeOptions was a glorified loss leader, kept in the mall to put the brand name out there as the company tried to move to from purely business warehouse sales to some retail as well. Lisa was no doubt imagining herself walking through her future library as she straighten and organized. Claire had taken over scheduling duty from Pete and put her, Lisa and Kenneth together on the evening shift.
Lisa watched Ken lift case after case of paper, working on the display she had assigned him to keep him busy as she started her plan. She occasionally caught Lisa shooting glances in his direction. She's interested, Claire thought, so let's see if he is.
"Lisa, got a second? Could you help me with these boxes? I've got Ken working on something else so I don't want to distract him."
Lisa came over quickly. "What's up?"
"We've got inventory next week and I'm hoping to get a head start. Could you grab that other set of boxes for me?" Without waiting for an answer she turned to Ken. "Hey Ken Doll, could you keep an eye on the crowd for us?"
Ken smiled ruefully, thinking that he'd rather be called by his full name than the nickname Claire had picked for him, but he threw her a thumbs up. "Sure."
Claire handed Lisa her stack of boxes before picking up the others. Lisa felt the boxes shift as something was clearly rolling around in them and felt a moment of panic as two slid a bit towards her. She waited for a moment, steadied them and headed toward the back behind Claire. As they entered the backroom, Lisa suddenly felt a dampness spearing across her chest.
"Oh God, Claire, what's in these?"
"Old inks. We're damaging them out because apparently they're incredibly toxic. I had to bag them yesterday before I boxed them up."
"Oh God!" Lisa dropped the boxes and looked in horror at the spreading stain across her shirt.
"Oh no, the shirt I got you! Quick, over here." Claire pulled Lisa to the sink. She turned on the hot and cold water. Lisa was trying to hold the shirt away from her without touching the ink. Claire pulled on rubber gloves and grabbed a scrub brush. "We'll have to get it off of you. I don't want it to get to your skin. She quickly unbuttoned Lisa's blouse and eased it toward her wrists and hands.
"Don't move, I don't want to get it on your skin."
Lisa shrieked again. Claire stared at the tank-top. The ink had soaked to that as well. Lisa began to shake.
Claire shook her head slightly. "This is no good. I've got an idea. I'll have to cut you out of them so I can just it away from you. " She grabbed clippers and began to cut through the tank top as Lisa stood frozen. Expertly, she made sure to cut right up through the middle of the bra as well, before turning left and right with the scissors, insuring to cut the tank top and bra enough to make it into a wide vest, bringing her breasts into view.
Lisa was caught between nervousness and outright panic. She wanted to cover herself so badly, but was afraid to get the ink on her hands. Claire moved to the back and started to cut at the back blouse, intentionally taking her time, slowly murmuring to her, "I'm so sorry, you looked so great it that blouse. I'm not sure how we'll get this around your hands." Lisa kept looking back at Claire, trying not to think about her exposed breasts, praying that this would be over soon.
Claire peaked around her and saw Ken, mouth open, staring at Lisa, who hadn't noticed him yet. Claire quickly grabbed Lisa's wrists. "Don't move, I've got to get it away from your hands."
"Jesus, I'm so sorry." Ken turning away. Lisa went rigid, a mere peep escaped her. Claire would have sworn she could feel the heat from Lisa's skin.
Ken started again. "Jesus, I'm sorry. I finished the paper display and there was no one here so I thought I could..." his voice faltered. "I'll go back out front."
Lisa suppressed a whimper. Claire however, was thrilled. She notice how hard it was for Ken to look away, how heavily he was breathing when he spoke, how red his face was. Claire called after him, "It's no big deal. It happens all the time."
Lisa turned back to Claire. "Oh, God. I'm going to have to quit. I don't think I can ever face him again. And what were you thinking, saying it happens all the time. No it doesn't. Except for, you know..."
Claire laughed. "Are you kidding? Why would you do that? I think he's totally in to you. He could barely walk out of here in a straight line." Claire left the second half of Lisa's question unanswered. She was going to make sure it was going to happen all the time.
Part 3
Claire spent another evening tending to a face-down, mortified Lisa. She hated lying to her friend about the ink and ruining what was a lovely blouse, but it went much better than expected. Claire had originally planned to surreptitiously nudge the delivery bell to lure Ken to the back room. Luckily, he finished early and walked back to help, being the nice guy he is.
Wait a minute, Claire thought, isn't that proof they belong together? Claire's fears and concerns began to melt away as she considered this new thought. It's like destiny is on my side, she thought. I'm like, an agent of fate, Claire told herself. And no matter how painful this will be for my friend, I'm going to make this work.
Claire was happy again, brimming with confidence. The next day, Lisa had off so Claire had a chance to talk to Ken.
When she saw him at the store, Ken was lifting boxes in the back room, readying for next week's inventory. Claire took a second to admire the muscles in his back and shoulders, his sandy blond hair, and his toned butt. Wow, she thought, he's really hot. It's impossible to imagine him fat. She steeled herself. Remember, he's for Lisa. You're just an agent of fate, she told herself.
"Hey Ken doll."
Ken nearly dropped the box. "Oh, hey, Claire. How's...uh...how's Lisa? Peter said you guys were roommates. Is she okay? I feel terrible."
Check, Claire thought to herself. He immediately asked about her. "Oh, she's fine. Like I said, this happens to her all the time." Claire proceeded to tell Ken about what happened in college. As she did, she could swear that she could see his pulse rising in his neck.
"Wow. That's amazing. I can't imagine..."
"Listen, if you're worried, do me a favor. We've got extra hours available for inventory. Could you pick up a half-shift tomorrow when Lisa's here and be super nice to her? That way she won't feel like she's making you uncomfortable."
"Yeah, I'd love to, sure."
Claire told him to be in around 3, and started to set her plan back in motion, carefully setting up things in the back room.
The next day was Sunday, and Lisa and Claire opened the store at 11. It was the late winter/early spring season, so the mall was extra quiet. Lisa didn't seem too enthused about leaving the house, but Claire promised Lisa she would be able to stay in the back room to prep for inventory.
Lisa came in wearing a long summer dress that Claire had bought her over the summer and a hooded sweatshirt of her own. After the other day, she didn't want to look at another blouse. She also felt a twinge of guilt over the whole thing. Claire always bought Lisa lovely clothes and here was an expensive blouse totally destroyed. Claire is a good friend, Lisa thought. Totally impractical and devoid of most logical thinking, but a good friend.
True to her word, Claire set Lisa to work in the back room, moving books and other supplies, readying for inventory. Claire was on the floor. After two hours, Claire came into the back room to check on Lisa.
"Are you warm enough?"
Lisa frowned. "Are you kidding? I'm practically sweating!"
"Really? Damn, there's something wrong with the heater then."
Lisa stepped on the floor. "What? It's freezing out here. It's March and I'd swear the air conditioner's on."
"Yeah, I know. And it's boiling back here. I'll call mall maintenance. Knowing them, they'll get here next week."
"Do you want to switch for a bit?" Lisa asked.
"No, I promised you the back room today. Just wish I brought something."
Claire went back out on the floor, and Lisa went back to inventory.
Nearly two hours later, Lisa was lightly sweating when Claire came back again, who looked like she was on the verge of her teeth chattering.
"OH my goodness, look at you. Let's switch for a bit. I'll be fine out there," Lisa pleaded.
"No, I actually just came here to make your life worse. We've got a huge order in for an elementary school and I need to have you fire up the laminator." The laminator was a massive relic of the 70's, 48 inches wide, with hugely powerful motors to run the heavy sheets of plastic and a scalding heater to melt the seal. It needed to be run for 30 minutes before anything could be actually laminated because the first ten feet of laminate was a crinkled, scalded mess.
"Well here, take my hoodie then. I'm practically burning up as it is." Claire smiled, took the sweatshirt and hugged Lisa. She flipped on the laminator and stepped back on the floor.
Two minutes later the laminator was slowly rumbling out a few inches and Claire came back. "Could you pull some replacement rolls for me? I want to replace ones in the registers before Monday."
"Sure." Lisa turned and went to the shelves right next to the laminator, stepping up on the two foot step stool to reach the top. Claire quickly fell to her knees and clipped a string on the hem of Lisa's dress, and fed it into to machine. "Oh shoot, I left the key in the register." Claire ran back to the floor.
Lisa just stepped down from the stool when she felt the tug. Her dress was slowly being pulled into the laminator.
She pulled as hard as she could against the motor, but felt herself sliding forward on her flats. She felt the searing heat of the machine on her thighs. She panicked, remembering the burn of Peter's hand from accidentally touching the machine when it was cooling down. She ripped the straps off her shoulders and wiggled the dress down her hips, finally stepping out of it and watching it get pulled into the machine.
She stood sweating for a moment looking at the mess in front of her. Then the realization hit her. She was standing in the back room in her bra and panties. She called up front. "Claire, help!"
Claire came back and stared at her friend. "What happened?"
"My dress got caught in the machine. Where's my hoodie?"
"Oh shoot, I left it out front. the heater started working."
"Go get it!"
"Wait, we've got to hide you first. I forgot, I called Ken in to help. He'll be here any second."
"What? No! Oh God. Not again."
"We'll hide you in the crawl space. You can get behind some boxes." Claire pushed Lisa up the step ladder and started to boost her up by pushing her butt. She carefully hooked her claddagh ring into the back of her panties. Lisa had her stomach on the ledge and was trying to squirm up further when Claire fell, ripping Lisa's panties clean off and kicking out the step stool.
Ken walked it to see Lisa's ass and pussy pointing right at him, with Claire sprawled on the floor rubbing her back. Wow, he thought, Claire wasn't kidding. this does happen a lot. Okay, be cool, he told himself. "Oh, Hey. Sorry, I'm a little early. Uh, do you need help?"
Lisa moaned slightly, pressing her forehead against the landing. This couldn't be happening, she thought. Am I being punished in some Karmic fashion for something I did as a kid?
Claire spoke first. "Yeah, we've had an accident. I think I pulled something. Could you give us a hand?" Lisa's head snapped up. Claire had to be kidding. She stole a glance over her shoulder at her friend, who was prone on the ground, rubbing her hip and knee. She watched Ken walk over, turn the step stool upright and lift Lisa up with total ease and set her gently on it. Then he walked over to her and set his hands on her hips. Oh my God, Lisa thought. He's eye level with my pussy. He lifted her up first, and she felt her ass against his chest as he gently slid her down to her feet. She stood that way for a moment, trying not to think about how good it felt to be pressed against him, or what felt like a stiffing bulge in his pants, before turning around and covering her neatly trimmed bush with her hands. Thank God Claire taught me to always do that, or this would be even worse, if that was possible.
For his part, Ken tried to fight the urge to pant. He looked into her eyes and reminded himself Be Cool, over and over again. "So, uh, I know it's boiling back here, but do you need a shirt or something?"
Incapable of words, she put on a weak smile and nodded. He unbuttoned his dress shirt and pulled it off, handing it to her. He stood there, bare-chested, less than a foot away from her, desperately fighting the dryness in his mouth, trying to think of something to say. To Lisa, he looked like he was sculpted, with a light dusting of hair across his chest and stomach. It took her a moment for her to take it, totally distracted by his build. When she did she briefly exposed herself, but Ken was too busy looking into her eyes to notice. So green, he thought.
Claire, unseen by both, smiled. What a gentleman. This was going perfectly. "Ken, if you want to wait, I'll get her hoodie back from out front and you can have your shirt again." Keeping them together, each half dressed, was more than she even hoped for out of today.
"No, it's cool. I came here from the Laundromat. There's like no one in the parking lot, I'll run back to my car. I can close, then do the inventory stuff after and you can run home and..."
Lisa found her voice and strengthened her smile. "Sure, thanks." Ken turned and headed out at a jog. When he stepped out, Lisa exhaled and looked at Claire miserably. "He probably thinks I'm some klutzy bimbo."
"Are you kidding? He's running through a mall and a parking lot in 40 degree weather, shirtless, just for you. Let me get your hoodie so we can tie something around your waist and then I'll take you home."
As Claire walked out, she corrected herself. Almost perfect. I've just got to find a way to make sure they're stuck together.
Part 4
Ken spent the last empty hour at the store before closing thinking about Lisa and wondering about the heat situation. After closing, he spent an hour investigating. Before he left, he had an answer, but more questions.
Monday afternoon, Ken stopped by OfficeOptions to talk to Lisa, who was dressed in a heavy sweatshirt and sweatpants, closing on her own after Peter had left early to save hours for Wednesday's inventory. "Hey, how are you?"
Lisa smiled awkwardly. "Thanks..uh, I mean good."
"Listen, about yesterday..."
"Oh, Ken, I'm sorry. I don't know what's been happening. I've just been unlucky."
"Don't apologize, it's been great luck for me." Lisa laughed at that and smiled at him.
"Listen," Ken began, "I'm not good at this. Can I buy you a drink after work?"
"You're very good at it. Yes you can."
Two hours later they were laughing in the booth of a mall chain bar, sipping wildly overpriced drinks, sharing personal histories and finding out how much they had in common.
They sat in a comfortable lull, enjoying each other's company. Ken winced, sipping his incredibly strong cherry whiskey whatever-the-girl-in-the-flair-suit-called-it and leaned forward. "So listen, about yesterday..."
"Oh God, Ken, I don't think I can talk about it. Or the incident before that." Lisa shook her head, embarrassed all over again. "But, I'm keeping the shirt."
"It probably looks better on you anyways. I hate to have you relive it, but this is what I don't understand. Why was the heat cranked all the way up but all the vents to the floor of the store closed?"
"What? Claire said the heater was broken."
Ken shook his head. "Nope. The thermometer was. Someone wrapped it in ice."
Lisa stared at Ken for a long second. "Garbage and recycling doesn't go out until tomorrow morning, right? Let's take a walk through the Bat Caves."
The Bat Caves was the nickname all the mall employees used to describe the network of narrow corridors that ran behind the stores, so that delivers and shipping could happen out of public view. They were a bit of a maze if you were not familiar with them, but employees walked them to avoid crowds.
Twenty minutes later Ken was climbing out of a massive plastic recycling bin with a mess of crinkled lamination. Lisa unrolled it until she found the ripped dress, and then saw the clip and long string attached to it.
"So, she did this to you?" Ken asked. "On purpose? Why? You told me she was a great friend?"
"She is." Lisa was deep in concentration mode. "She...She...was trying to get you to notice me. She's always wanted people to notice me. She's worried I'll end up alone with my books."
"Christ. Is she nuts? I noticed you two minutes after I walked through the door to talk to Peter."
"Yeah, but...would you have talked to me?"
"Hmm. Good question. So, she got us together. Are you going to forgive her?"
"Oh, I will. Right after I get her back."
_________________________________
The next day, Lisa and Claire were together at the store, with Lisa arriving a half hour ahead, telling Claire that morning that she needed to grab coffee an run an errand. Claire looked mournfully at Lisa, worried that fate had other plans for her perfect couple. Petey had sent an email to Claire that morning stating that there was good odds Ken would be leaving right after inventory, as that it appeared he was going to be offered some sort of paid internship at his college. Plus, there was no way to schedule them together before that, as that the evening hours were going to Gloria and Jennifer, who couldn't work inventory but needed the time.
Claire watched her friend move glumly about in an old t-shirt and bulky sweatpants, unquestionably one of her old ones from when she was heavier. Lisa was slowly setting things on shelves and re-straighten items, politely helping customers but looked so sad that strangers were asking if she was okay.
Then the phone rang. Claire recognized the caller ID, and lunged to the phone. "Ken Doll!"
"Hey Claire. I was wondering if Lisa was working today. I...I...kind of wanted to...ask her out...if you..."
"OHMYGODYES. Here, let me get her."
"Nah, I'd like do it in person. I..was going to bring flowers...and I've got to shower and shave first...I'll be there somewhere within the hour."
Claire sprinted across the store, her skirt flouncing, to give Lisa the news.
Lisa beamed, and then her face fell. "Oh, but look at how I'm dressed. He's going to look all romantic and I'm all frumpy. There's no time to run home." She looked at Claire for a long moment. "Can we trade?"
Claire smiled. "Hell yes. If you think it will fit into this. Thank God we're the same shoe size."
They dashed into the back room and traded clothes. Claire was thrilled with the result. Even though she was much thinner that Lisa, Lisa was still able to squeeze into Claire's camisole top and skirt. It hugged her curves and really showed off her chest.
Lisa looked down at herself. "Wow, I'm bursting out of the seams." Let's hope, Claire though silently. "But look at you. You're ridiculous."
Claire laughed. The four inch high difference between the two girls was evident from the fact that Lisa's t-shirt stopped two inches above Claire's belly button. The pants were loose and sagged down, stopping just above the curve of her butt.
"So I look like a club kid from the 90's. You look great and that's all that matters." She was a little self conscious, however. With her firm but small b-cup breasts, she rarely wore a bra, and the shirt was borderline threadbare across the back. Still, Claire went back out on the floor so Lisa could work on her makeup.
The first disaster happened five minutes later, when she when up to help a businessman in his late 30's with a toddler in tow.
"Hey, could you grab these boxes of envelopes for me and bring them up? If I let go, she's sprinting around your store for the next hour."
"Absolutely." Claire stretched up to grab the boxes, and as she did, she felt a sudden draft as the sweatpants hit the floor, revealing her bright orange lace thong to him. She immediately dropped the boxes and reached for the sweatpants.
"I am so sorry." She blushed as she pulled them up and reached for the ties. The customer simply reddened and rubbed his hand over his mouth, trying to suppress a smile. She bent over and picked up the boxes, starting to walk up front. She made it exactly seven steps before they fell again in mid-stride, nearly causing her to fall face first. She moved one hand under the boxes and scrambled with her other to pull up her pants again. Damn, she thought, I just tightened these. She heard the customer behind her chuckle and heard a few more from some boys passing by the store.
Claire slowly walked over to the front counter and set the items down, and walked around the register. the moment she did, the sweatpants fell again. Her smile was frozen on her face. At least he can't see it this time, she thought. This thing is waist high.
She rang him up as quickly as she could, trying not to think about her exposed butt pointing outwards. After what felt like an hour, but was little more than a minute, she handed him his bag and receipt and said, "Anything else, sir?"
"I'm good, but you might want to call mall security. You've got a group of teen boys loitering out there."
Claire stiffened and looked over her shoulder to see a group of four boys looking through the glass of the storefront, holding up phones and laughing.
The moment her customer turned away, Claire bent over, pulled up the sweatpants with both hands and ran toward the back.
Part 5
Claire ran into the back, panting. "Lisa, I need your help. These won't stay up."
Lisa came out of the bathroom, with little more than mascara and eyeliner on. "Sorry, it's taking forever Claire. I just haven't had enough practice. You usually do it for me and you do a way better job."
"I can't keep my pants up. I just mooned six people."
"Let me see, Claire." Lisa knelt down and pulled at the draw string. It came out in her hands and the pants fell once more. "Oh, shoot. That's okay, I can fix it." Lisa pulled up Claire's pants into a near wedgie and rolled the waistband down over itself, several times. By the time she was done, there was a thick roll of fabric that sat right at her butt crack.
Claire gate a few experimental twists and shakes to her hips. Everything seemed secure. But her thong was now hanging out over the top of her sweatpants. Lisa was staring at the same thing.
"You should probably consider commando. The orange with the green pants is going to catch more attention than you want. I'll deal with the floor for a moment and then come right back."
Claire nodded, ditched her underwear and waited, holding the edge of her sweats, trying not to think about the likelihood of pictures of her thong and butt being uploaded all over the internet by teen boys. A few minutes later, Lisa was back, confirming some of her fears. "Sorry, there's way more customers here than normal. I wonder if one of the high schools has some science fair coming up. I kicked the teen boys out of here, but mall secuity is as bad as maintenance with getting here. Anyways, I grabbed some heavy duty chart clips to fit in the pants for extra support."
Lisa once again pulled and rolled up the waistband of the sweatpants, and in the last twists fit in the chart clips towards the sides and back. "Sorry, you've got a little more of the wedgie effect going, but I think at this point we need to avoid an accident at all costs."
Claire smiled and went back out on the floor. The smile fell to a grimace as she saw the same teen boys, who had been joined by more of their friends, milling about the outside of the store. Claire steeled herself, gave another wiggle to check that she was secure, and went back to the register while Lisa ran around, setting things up.
After a few minutes, Claire was able to breathe normally. She had gone back to being excited for her friend. I've done a good thing, she consoled herself. I know it was tough on Lisa, but she's finally with a great guy, who should be here any minute.
"Hey Claire, could you give me a hand?" Lisa was across the store with an older female customer, at the rolled paper display near the front window. The heavy, colorful rolls were a big seller to schools and businesses, but were difficult to manage. She walked over to Lisa.
Lisa gestured to the two foot ladder surrounded by heavy boxes. "Could you climb up there and hand those down to me? This lady wants several and I down want to climb up there in a skirt with all these boys still around. Or in your heels for that matter."
"Sure, Lisa." Claire was nervous, but she gave herself another experimental wiggle. Things felt secure enough. She climbed up and stood on the top step. When did this thing get so rickety? She thought. We need to order a new one.
Claire began to pulled down the heavy rolls and hand them to Lisa, one by one. Lisa ran them up front to the register, where the woman was waiting. In between, Claire looked out the window at the group of teen boys who had left the store, but were still hanging around intently. She resisted the urge to stick her tongue out at them.
She was startled by Lisa tapping her leg from behind. "Hey, since you're still up there, could you put this one back? She changed her mind on how many."
Claire turned and took the roll from Lisa and turned back. As she did, she nearly lost her balance. Lisa shot her hands up and grabbed Claire by the waist to steady her. She heard a gasp from the boys outside, followed by some laughter and rib poking, as well as some digging out of cameras. What's so funny? she thought. I didn't fall. This time she did stick her tongue out at them.
"Claire, you may want to wait to put that back until I get back," Lisa cautioned. "There's boxes all around you and I don't want to get hurt getting down. Let me just ring this woman out and I'll be right back." Lisa took a few steps toward the register.
Claire turned and tried to shift the roll in her arms. The moment her back was turned, Lisa dropped to her knees and yanked Claire's waistband, pulling it to her ankles
Claire felt a sudden coolness across her waist and legs. the sweatpants had dropped suddenly, straight down to her ankles. Her mouth formed a silent scream. The teen boys stared hooting from outside.
Claire swiveled around, looking for Lisa, but she was all the way at the register, talking to the customer. Panicking, Claire looked for somewhere to drop the roll. She turned and bent at the waist, dropping the roll to the left and in doing so, mooned the group of boys again, who gave a collective cheer. This caused her to turn upright to quickly, and disaster struck again, and the step ladder collapsed beneath her.
Claire fell backwards and immediately put both of her hands down to brace her fall. She landed hard in her tailbone, and immediately rubbed her hip. She heard another cheer from the boys outside, and realized she was sitting facing them with her legs apart. She immediately snapped her legs together and covered her pussy with both hands. She immediately tried to pull her feet in to garb the sweatpants and cover up more, but they seemed to be caught. She stopped, realizing that every time she moved one of her hands, she was exposing more of herself. A small part of her brain wondered if the fact that she was freshly waxed made this more embarrassing or less.
"Oh, are you okay?" Lisa called from across the store. She ran over to Claire and reached toward her sweats. Pretending to struggle with them, she carefully hooked them with the clips into the top of the ladder. "How did these get caught like this? Claire, I'm going to have to pull your feet out to get them loose."
Claire looked at Lisa miserably. Very slowly, Lisa first bent Claire's left knee, then her right, each time pulling her foot out of the bottom of the sweatpants but making sure to stretch her as much as possible, exposing parts of her crotch as she did so. Just as she got her second foot out, Lisa turned and her eyes widened. "Oh God, Ken's coming. Quick, we've got to get you in back before he sees. I'll cover you."
Claire got up and covered her crotch with both hands, thinking that Lisa was right behind her when in fact he was standing to her left, exposing her to the crowd of camera wielding boys. Lisa guided Claire to the back room, while doing so she clipped a short wire to the back of the shirt. As they turned into the backroom, Lisa pushed Claire through the backroom door.
Claire had a brief moment to wonder why the door to the Bat Caves was open before she heard a "Whoa" from behind her and felt a push in her back, sending her through the opening. As she stumbled into the hall, she felt a tear, as the shirt was ripped from her body. The door slammed shut behind her as she fell to the cold concrete ground. She turned in horror, naked except for Lisa's sneakers, staring at the t-shirt hanging half way out of the door. She gave it a tug and a small piece tore off in her hands.
"Lisa!" She called in fear.
Lisa groaned, "Yeah, sorry, I tripped over a box. I think I rolled my ankle. Are you okay? Oh, God, the shirt. it must have gotten caught as you went through there."
"Yeah, I can't get it out. Let me back in, I'm naked out here."
After what felt like far too long, Claire saw the doorknob giggle. "Oh, God," Lisa called through the door. "It's stuck. The shirt must be caught in the mechanism.
Part 6
Claire crossed one arm over her breasts, and the other over her pussy. "The door can't be stuck," she whimpered.
Lisa gave it another tug. "I'm afraid it is. Oh Claire, I'm so sorry. I feel like this is all my fault. Let me get Ken." Lisa made sure once more that the door was locked and skipped out of the back room. Claire, on the other side, looked up and down the halls of the Bat caves. Claire spent very little time back here, as that she didn't deal with deliveries. Even though OfficeOptions was located at one of the far ends of the mall, she knew it was a matter of time before someone walked back here on their way to something.
Lisa found Ken on the sales floor, and kissed him square in the mouth. He smiled at her, "Complicated plots to get someone naked always make you this happy?"
"Not sure, as that this is my first. Maybe just the ones that are this successful. Ready for your part?"
A few minutes later, Claire heard a knock at the door in front of her. Even though it was gentle, she still jumped as if it was gunfire.
"Hey...hey Claire, it's Ken. Sorry, I had to check on Lisa. She really rolled that ankle. Found her crawling toward the front. So, what do you want me to do?"
"Can you open it or force it or something?" Claire blushed at the thought of Ken seeing her naked, but he was definitely preferable to any random stranger who worked in the mall.
Ken spent a few moments banging and jimmying at the door. "Damn, Claire, I'm sorry. The shirt must be in the lock mechanism."
"Can you come get me? Do you have clothes?"
"Well...I..sort of can't. I mean, I'd loan you my shirt in a second. But Lisa can't walk, so I can't leave her here alone. Actually Claire, we've got another problem. You see, since I was going to be taking Lisa off your hands, I hit Peter up for a favor. He was going to take her last two hours. He said he had some deliveries coming anyways. Plus, mall security has been on the hunt for some kids running around like idiots. We've really got to get you out of there."
Claire set her head against the cold wall behind her for a second. Great, she thought. So either Petey sees me naked, some delivery guy, or a horde of teenage boys. Why me? She though miserably. What did I do wrong?
"Let me get Lisa. I'll...I'll carry her back here or something. She'll have a plan."
Lisa was standing two feet away. Ken motioned to her. She shook her head, threw her arms apart and posed on her toes. Ken fought off the urge to laugh, lifted her up and set her in front of the door.
"Claire?"
"Lisa, what am I going to do?"
"Oh God, Claire. Going left would get you out almost immediately, but that's probably the door that Peter will come through, and that parking lot is really busy. I've...I've got another option. You know Discount Circuitry above us, next to the parking garage? They closed last week and they've got an entrance/exit door near the old parking garage. I'll send Ken around to that door. It's your best bet. Virtually no one is over there. I just wish you knew the Bat caves better."
Claire groaned again, suddenly warm despite her nakedness. She could hear voices already, but she wasn't sure which way they were coming from.
"Oh God. Okay, okay. Which way am I going?"
Well, you're facing this door, right? So, you'll go right toward the spine, cut up the stairs on the left side, right? Then make another right past The Games People Play, a left so you're out of the main path on the right. Then it's just another left, through the double doors, right? And then one last left and you're out on the right."
Claire stared blankly at the door. "What?"
"Okay, Claire, it's right, left, right? Then right, past The Games People Play, a left to stay away from the right, another left, through the double doors and right there will be your left. Find the double doors."
Claire was about to speak again but she heard the door to her left open and took off running to the right.
Lisa heard her tear off and turned to Ken, smiling. "And now we're even."
Ken smiled back. "So should I head up to the door? Were those even real directions?"
Lisa laughed. "Oh they were real. We've got time. Claire runs and is in great shape, but is miserable with written directions much less intentionally confusing ones. And there's about six sets of double doors. Half of them are one-way doors that need a key to get back through. I doubt Claire would make it there in less than an hour, if at all."
"Hmm. Just in case, let me text a guy I know from The Games People Play. I owe him a favor, since he got me this job."
A few minutes later, Pete knocked on the back room door. "Hey guys, why's there a shirt in the back door?"
Ken unlocked the door, opened it, and gave Pete a smirk.
"It's the reason there's even odds you're going to get a video message or text from Dave in the next hour which guarantee that you will never stop thanking me for asking you to come in today to cover for Lisa."
_________________________________________
A half hour later Claire was shaking. Even for someone as in shape as her, this sprinting back and forth was taking it out of her. She'd already had three close calls, the worst of which was her getting smacked on the butt twice by a door while hiding against a wall when TwistyPretzel threw their garbage out into the hall. The Bat Caves were mostly dark, with the exception of a few service lights, and the directions were long forgotten, except for the part about passing The Games People Play. Claire had never set foot in the store but had passed it on her way to the food court for coffee. Video games and board games were not her style, and the place was always packed with employees and customers. She knew she had to be close, because she had gotten up the second level, but had made so many twists and turns she had no idea where she was.
Hearing no footsteps, Claire stopped for breath, panting hard, standing with her hands on a railing next to a second set of stairs for a few minutes. She had to hold herself up to keep from slumping on the ground. She was looking at two different doors off to her side, wondering which one was correct. She heard a squeak to her right. Standing there was a guy no older than twenty in black pants and a black button down shirt.
Claire immediately wheeled and covered herself, and was about to run when she saw the gold lettering on his shirt, bright enough to be seen in the darkness. The Games People Play. Swallowing her embarrassment, she made herself stand still. "Can...Can you help me?"
"Uh, maybe. What do you need?"
"I need to get to a friend. Where's Discount Circuitry?"
"Uhh, they're over through the left door and through the second set of double doors. But if you're trying not to be seen, I wouldn't recommend it. They've got workers all through there setting up the store that's taking over. I'd tell you to go through the first door on the right and make sure to go..."
"Duuuuude." The guy from The Games People Play was interrupted from a voice from Claire's other side. Standing there holding phones were a group of four mall employees, led by a teenager in a TwistyPretzel shirt. "I told you I saw a naked chick back here."
Claire screamed and took off running.
As she left, Dave turned to the group of mall employees and smiled. "Wanna compare footage?" He jerked a thumb over his right shoulder, pointing at the security camera that had been pointing at Claire for the entire time she had been resting.
Claire had plunged through the door. She saw double doors to the right and plunged through them, am was momentarily blinded by the light. She bent over slightly, with one hand on her knee and the other shielding her eyes, waiting for them to adjust.
She heard the mixed gasps and laughter first. Her eyes pulled focus. She was in the food court. She immediately turned and slammed into the double doors and pulled. Nothing. The handle didn't even move. She turned again and covered herself trying not to think about the laughing crowd.
__________________________
Not quite another hour later a handcuffed Claire was walked into OfficeOptions by two security officers. As she came through the entrance the small blanket mall security had thrown over her shoulders fell off again, as it had seven times in the walk around the security and five more on the way here. Not that it mattered; even when on her, it merely draped over her shoulders, stopping before the base of her spine' leaving her breasts and butt exposed. Claire tried not to look at how many people watched her pass on the way her, still wondering why they couldn't take her through the back, or why she had to be led by the hands instead of being allowed to cover up.
One of the two security guards picked up the blanket and slung it over his wrist. The other uncuffed her.
Peter said, "Uh, hey Claire. Lisa and Ken are out looking for you."
Not being able to even look at Peter, Claire sprinted into the back room.
The second officer looked at Peter, who was so agog as to look like he'd been hit. "You're welcome," he mouthed softly. The first officer nodded toward Peter. "Are you going to fire her?"
"Are you kidding?" laughed Peter and gestured toward his phone, which hadn't stop vibrating in the past hour. "From all the stuff I've been getting on her, I'm hoping this will happen all the time."