Sarah had finished her first year at College. Everyone else was studying for finals, she wasn't. She had succeeded where most fail. No final exams. Three more years and she could expect a starting salary over $100,000 and an impressive title to go with it. She sat completely motionless. The other students had already left. Her American Lit professor announced that his mother was dying. Instead of a final, he opted to give everyone the grade they had earned up to that point and spend time with her.
She thought about what she wanted to accomplish in life and how easy it had been, "Three more years. Easy!" She was extremely pleased with herself.
Friday and Saturday flew by. On Sunday she recognized a problem. Her friends weren't lucky. Although they were smart, they were not lucky. Unable to persuade them to celebrate with her was frustrating. She saw it as an equation (hard work + planning) (good luck) = (free time - friends). Sunday dragged. Everyone was serious and concerned about their tests. Monday crept by. She slept in until noon and still the daylight seemed long. On Monday night, Sarah went to a party with some people she had met in classes. They had just finished their Accounting 101 course.
"Wild bean counters!" she thought. "Oooh yeah, a real wild one."
Despite the bean counters, the party was fun. They were playing a drinking game with a Dr. Seuss Purity test.
"Have you ever done it with a goat?!" Everyone drinks. "Where'd you get this?" She asked.
"Never mind, we're subverting you! See it says it right here on the last line 'Invert to subvert the innocent.' It's an order," chortled a player.
"I've never done it with a goat. You told me to drink. You're misleading me," Sarah retorted.
"Noooo, you misunderstood. You must drink if you've done it, you must drink if it's preposterous, and in your case... You must drink, if everyone shouts drink!" chimed in another.
"DRINK!!" shouted the table.
"Oh yeah, and if you're thirsty," injected the host.
"This is entirely too clever for a bunch of bean counters to come up with, where'd you get it?" she charged in mock seriousness.
"Ohh! That hurts. You're a guest and you're insulting the host, that's bad manners. Didn't your momma teach you better than that?" Replied the guy sitting next to her, followed by a chorus of, "DRINK."
Sarah took a big gulp and asked, "Really where'd you get it?"
"Es de web, senorita. Mira el monitor," said the host.
"What?" Sarah shot back.
"You'll have to excuse our host. When he starts getting a buzz he begins to speak Spanish, uh, Spanglish. He had two semesters in high school and they were very traumatic it forced him to drop the class, but when he gets a buzz, look out; he thinks he's fluent. Very Dangerous. He said it's on the web and you should look at the screen," responded a girl across the table.
"See I knew you guys weren't creative enough to come up with that on your own," Sarah added smugly.
For the rest of the game, Sarah only drank a couple of times. She was amazed with the other players. Guys always lie, but the girls were blushing and drinking.
"This can't be for real, they've been tied up, anal sex, rubber suits. No way!" Sarah thought.
She was beginning to catch a buzz, but it seemed like the party had passed her up. All of these people were wild and she wasn't. Feeling alienated and jealous, Sarah left the party and headed back to her place. She continued to wonder if everyone was lying or if they actually had those experiences.
Once home, she sat down at the computer and thought about the purity test. She had known girls in high school who had fucked lots of guys, but they weren't her. Sarah had studied with a couple of the girls at the party. They were nice.
"Rubber suits? Bondage?"
Sarah grabbed a beer from her fridge and sat down in front of her monitor again. She typed into a search engine "nude pics". For the next two hours she saw people, together, alone, groups, etc. She couldn't believe the diversity. Some images were beautiful and sexy, while others were completely repulsive. One series of pictures caught her attention more than the others. A woman, close to her age, began by flashing the camera in a public park. As the shoot progressed, she disrobed completely.
Another shoot had the subject knocking on a glass door without any clothes. The final shoot began with the woman in an unzipped graduation robe thumbing a ride along the highway. It ended with her completely naked, except for some high heel shoes, fingering herself on the side of the road as cars drove by.
"That's incredible," she thought. "Strip in public. Broad daylight. She could have been caught. She must have been caught." Unable to believe her own eyes, Sarah turned off her computer and went to bed.
The images haunted her as she tried to get to sleep. After tossing and turning for an hour, she got up and looked at herself in the mirror. She was athletic. In high school she had lettered in cross country and swimming. She took off her t-shirt and looked at her breasts. Her nipples pointed up. She slid the boxers she was wearing over her ass and they fell bunched up at her ankles. Sarah wanted to walk out into the night, but worried her roommate might catch her.
"How do you explain something like that?" She wondered.
Sarah was feeling primal. She reflected on the evening and realized that for the last five hours she had been thinking about sex. Cognizant of the mental stimulation she began to act out her impulses. She began, by touching herself like the images she had seen. She spread her legs and reached behind her so she could see her fingertips push on her wet lips. She lay down on the bed in front of the mirror and watched her fingers deftly touch the sensitive area and bring her to a quick climax. There was something missing. A vague notion began to unfold in her mind.
She woke up around lunch. Her roommate had a final starting at 1:00 and had apparently left. Sarah drifted through the apartment naked. She opened all of the blinds and windows and returned to her bed. She luxuriated in the thrill of knowing anyone could look in and see her. She grazed her nipples with the palms of her hand. The cool air coming in the window helped her achieve the sensation she wanted. A hand strayed down her belly between her legs and gently scratched her perineum.
She touched her ass cheeks and her pink sphincter. Slowly, her other hand spread her labia. Wet and warm. It was one of the best feelings. She knew how to treat herself, but she wanted it different. With one hand attending to her pussy she rolled off the bed and went into the living room. She wanted something, unsure as to exactly what, but confident that she would recognize it when she found it. She stood at the windows looking out, caressing her delicate folds. The apartment complexes seemed to be empty. She wandered into the kitchen and opened the fridge. Cucumbers, intriguing but not what she wanted.
She drifted into the front hall and glanced through the peephole. No one. This was it, her hand slowly wrapped around the doorknob. Her other hand, was delightfully pumping three fingers in and out of her slippery pussy. She ached with desire to be on the other side of the door. Tempered by fear, she cracked open the door. Peering out, she felt encouraged. Slowly and silently she opened the door all of the way. She pushed her wet middle finger against her anus. More pressure now, and then sliding it forward, sinking into her hot open snatch. She emitted a low growl, as she slid her fingers in and out and pushed against her clit with the palm of her hand.
A door above opened and footsteps hurried down the stairs. In near panic she ducked behind a bush. Although her descending neighbor couldn't see her, she was in plain sight of anyone in the parking lot as well as tenants on the other side, and farther from her open door. Sarah briefly caught a glimpse of her reflection in her neighbor's window. She stole sideways glances straining to see anyone inside.
She managed to keep the bush between herself and her upstairs neighbor as he ran up the sidewalk she peeked around, throwing caution to the wind and shouted, "Hey what's the rush?"
Her possessed hands were prodding her ass and engorged sex. The pressure built inside her and she started to cum as he shouted back, "I've got a test."
It was like a summer rain, starting with heavy infrequent scattered raindrops that grow closer together into a torrential downfall and ends abruptly leaving everything soaked and glistening wet. She stumbled backward pushing her naked ass onto the cool frame of her roomie's bike. She glanced around, seeing no one. She straddled the bike and felt the metal of the bar spread her lips and slide back and forth. The cool sensation created a hollow feeling in her belly halting her orgasm for the moment. She pulled the bike around so she could watch it as it spread her lips. She tilted her hips and felt the wet polished metal slide over her sphincter. She dismounted and went inside her kitchen.
The cucumber felt cold, as she retrieved it from the vegetable drawer. She walked back to the front door and leaned against it. "You lucky little vegetable."
Sarah put three fingers inside her and pulled them out and up spreading her lips and opening herself for her cold friend. Hunching over and tipping her hips up, she tried to see the blunt end force the delicate skin aside and penetrate to her sexual core. Her fingers went side to side and up and down over the tightly stretched membrane encircling the intruder. Her clit was a tiny knot sending bolts of pleasure through her spine. Thick and cold probed deeper, unconcerned with her gyrations and the space it was creating inside her.
She recognized herself standing on her toes, knees pointing out to make room for this unapologetic intruder. Her upper body, bent like a question mark, hair hanging down, while her hands worked furiously to satisfy her insatiable urge. She wanted to cram all of it inside her pink quim. As she forced the rough end even with her delicate lips her sight was failing. No farther. She sank down into a squat, the phallus backing out, stretching and covering the sensitive skin with cum. She found herself rocking forward, using the ground to fuck the long infiltrator back inside of her; then rising up to have it slide out.
The sensations caused by the cucumber and her fingers had built an orgasm, which was slowly shutting down all of her other senses. Sarah rolled onto her side and kicked the door shut. Her eyes closed, in an effort, that she hoped would aid trying to draw the cucumber all of the way inside. Her pussy clenched. She straightened her legs and spread them so her hand could assist in the final assault on her sex. Clamping her thighs together she felt the triumph of a complete penetration coupled with the pinnacle of a well deserved, orgasm. As she curled up, her abdominal and vaginal muscles gently pushed the cucumber out stretching her sensitive lips in a deliciously painful way. She focused on the slippery sensation as fatigue gave way to sleep.
Minutes or hours later, she heard a car pull up outside the apartment door. She extracted her glistening friend, managed to stand, click the dead bolt, run into the bathroom and turn on the water right before her roommate's key slid into the lock. She made a mental note of how embarrassing it would have been to be caught by her roommate.
"Next time I'll try this somewhere else."
After her shower, Sarah was still feeling anxious. What if someone had seen her? What IF, someone had seen her. The thought, at once was frightening and seductive. What would they/he/she say? Anything? She decided to run, hoping it would relieve some tension. She liked running. Usually, it erased all of her concerns and thoughts. This was a Tuesday, LSD (long slow distance) day. She wanted to run her ten-mile route around the campus, stopping at the library for water at the half way mark, then back home.
It was hot out. She put her hair in a ponytail. Put on her jog bra and a cropped running tank top, slid on her panties, running shorts, and footwear. She was out the door before her roommate knew she was leaving. Sarah felt relieved to be outside in the fresh air, after she had tossed the cucumber into a nearby dumpster. Three miles later, she began to get agitated. She couldn't get over the rush from the morning.
Her mind wandered back to her monitor and the girl standing naked at a glass door, "How could she have posed for all of those pictures? Did she get arrested? What could possibly motivate people to put their pictures on the net?"
She considered emailing them to ask, but she was three miles away from home. When she reached the library, Sarah was already tired of running. She walked up the steps to get a drink.
Once inside, she felt her skin pull tight. It was easily ten to fifteen degrees cooler due to the air conditioning. She noticed a couple of heads turn as she made her way to the drinking fountain. She was flushed from the run and decided to freshen up in the bathroom. She splashed some water on her face and wiped the back of her neck. Glancing in the mirror she tried to imagine how she must have looked sliding back and forth on the bar of the bicycle and fucking herself in the hallway.
She smiled to herself, and thought of the absurdity of fucking herself with a vegetable, recanted thinking, "It did work."
She was about to push open the door and run again when an idea hit her. Lingering for a moment, she turned and headed to the second floor. After about 15 minutes she had confirmed her hunch. Except for the study rooms and the research areas, this was a nearly empty building; and it was open 24 hours a day during finals. On the fourth floor she found the section where the doctorate students left their dissertations. No one ever visited these areas.
Hastily, she pulled off her top, setting it on top of the nearest shelf. Then removed her jog bra. Sarah's heart raced as she exposed her breasts to the cool air. She felt and saw her nipples harden, even more. Sarah thought she heard someone coming and clasped her arms around her chest. She held her breath and tried to listen. It was impossible. All she could hear was the thumping of her heart and the blood rushing through her veins. She walked towards the end of the shelves and glanced up and down. No one. Her breathing eased and she walked back to where her top was.
"Aughhhh... I am so jumpy," she thought.
With another furtive glance up and down the aisle she caught her waistband with her thumbs sliding shorts and panties down to her shoes.
"Naked!" she thought as she tried to step out of her clothes. She fell over with a thwack. "Falling on your bare ass in the library, think if you hit your head an knocked yourself out," her conscience screamed,
"What the hell would you tell the people who found you? What would you say to the judge after you've been arrested? 'Your honor, I wasn't naked, I was wearing socks and running shoes.' That will go over well. This is a very bad idea. Someone will see you. Put your clothes on."
Despite her conscience, Sarah managed to pull her shorts and panties off. She sat on the cold tile and rocked her hips trying to push her swelling wet lips against it. She lay down on her back and held her breath listening. Only the air conditioner hummed. She rolled over and felt the cold tile on her nipples, tummy and thighs.
"Naked in the library," her mind was now cooing in a conspiratorial tone. "Get up, see if you can spy on anyone. Naked in the library."
She stood up, still clutching her panties and shorts. "I should explore," she answered herself.
Looking at her hand she realized that if she got into crunch, it would be much easier to quickly put on her shorts and top without the bra and panties. Sarah scrunched them behind some books and carefully crept around the third floor. The idea had been far sexier than the reality. As it turned out, there was no one else on this floor.
Feeling bold, she left her top and shorts with her other stuff and she began enjoying her freedom. Sarah headed to the stairs; she had been playing with herself to keep the rush going. The stairs represented a greater obstacle, because people on the floor above or those below. The thought of being caught excited her and a tubular handrail reminded her of the cold metal of her roommate's bike and the glistening cucumber.
Sarah grew more cautious as she reached the stairwell entry. She could hear people below, papers rustling, an occasional cough, voices and footsteps on the stairs. She glanced up, then down and didn't see anyone. She made her way to the center railing. She felt dirty, as she tilted her pelvis so her lips came in contact with the metal.
"That's good," she thought.
Rocking up on her toes and back down she made all of the bent part wet and shiny. She turned around and pushed the metal against her ass. "That's nice," as it slid under her ass and pushed her lips apart.
She thought about sliding down, She walked down a couple of steps backwards with the railing sliding against her privates. "Oohhhh." She stopped and twitched with her pelvis to relubricate herself.
Now she wanted penetration. She was lying down, with her chest resting on the banister, her breasts and legs dangling on either side. She could smell her sex and it turned her on more. Looking up she saw the doorknob.
"Maybe."
She pushed her clit against the railing again and scissored off. As Sarah reached the doorway she realized the knob was too high. Not to be dissuaded, she stroked her mons and thought, "If only I had some phone books or..."
She laughed as she retrieved two stacks of books off the shelf and set them down in front of the knob. She climbed onto the books grabbing the edge of the door and lowered her throbbing pussy onto the smooth metal surface. It felt good but no penetration. She turned herself around and felt the cold metal cleave her ass cheeks. She bent over and backed up as much as she could, pushing against the railing for whatever leverage she could get.
The cold metal rubbed over her puckered ass hole and splayed out her lips. She wiggled her hips trying to push it in deeper. It was too wide and not long enough. It spread Sarah apart, but no more. She closed her eyes and put one hand between her legs. Circling her clit, she became unaware of what was going on around her. Suddenly, she realized someone was about to come down the stairs. She wanted to be caught, but not like this. With no grace, she jumped into the safety of the fourth floor and headed for her clothes.
She was frustrated. A doorknob. I'm trying to fuck a door. A cucumber was one thing, it worked. A doorknob was another. She needed something she could get penetration with. She needed someone she could get penetration with. Someone who would know she wanted to be fucked, but she also wanted it to be a stranger.
Sarah put on her top and her shorts, and headed down to she second floor. She grabbed a dinky library pencil, a couple of request cards, and sat down at a table.
She wrote: You should have found this note with my panties. I'd like you to help me find some more of my things. Take these and go to the fourth floor. Find the Psychology section. There is a dissertation on sexuality, by Henry James. When you open it, you will find the next clue.
In the next note she wrote: You should now be holding my jogging bra and my panties. As amazing as this may sound, I completely undressed exactly where you are standing and spent nearly 45 minutes touching myself and wandering around naked. I want you to help me, by playing a game with me. Leave a card with a keyword here in this dissertation. I'll look up the word in the big dictionary at the entrance of the library and you should have a note telling me where to go to find the next clue. If you follow my instructions to my satisfaction, I'll do anything you dare me to do in this library. Remember, you can make this game go on as long or as short as you want, but if I am caught, our fun may come to an end.
With that, Sarah put her bra and the note in the dissertation and slyly put her note and panties in the large dictionary on the same page as the word "panties."
Some of Sarah's closer friends had finished their finals that day and Sarah started drinking with them at 5pm. It was a good party. Sarah just wasn't very good at partying. By 10:30pm she had passed out and her friends were dropping her off at her apartment. They were very conscientious, and made sure she made it to her bed, had a glass of water, reminding her that if the bed started spinning to put one foot on the floor, and locked the door when they left. She was delirious and as soon as they left she fell into a sound sleep.
Sarah's dream was caused by her anxiety. She could see herself standing on a library table surrounded by four guys. She was wearing a white full-length evening gown. It was very low cut in the back, with a sexy long slit on one side. The shoulder straps were a thin fabric that looked like white gold or silver. The fabric of the gown was sheer and caused her nipples to harden. Her hair was up with wisps falling down around her face. Her stockings were sheer and white, she wasn't sure if she was wearing a garter belt or not. She knew she had on panties, they were silk and felt cool like when she first puts clothes on. She felt wonderful. The guys around the table were admiring her. They were being gentlemen, not at all like she expected. One suggested they go someplace nicer. She stepped toward the table edge and they lifted her off to set her down. She felt like royalty.
After they were in the car, they asked to see her breasts. She was elated. She smiled and slipped one arm through a shoulder strap followed by the other. The top of her dress fell down into her lap exposing her breasts. One of the guys commented about how nice her breasts were. He reached out and gently pinched her nipple until it was erect. Sarah moaned. Another one of the guys asked her to completely remover her dress.
She was about to oblige when the driver stated, "Not yet, let's wait til we get there."
The three other guys took turns caressing her breasts. It was an enormous turn on, and it felt like heaven. She loved it when guys warmed her up by spending time touching her.
The car stopped. Sarah fixed her dress and glanced around. It wasn't nice like she had pictured. She read a sign on the building next to the parking lot. She had never heard of the place, but when she read "A Gentlemen's Club" she became uncomfortable.
"I thought you said we were going someplace nice?" queried Sarah.
"This is the nicest club we can go to, if you're going to be the dirty slut we want you to be," responded the driver.
Sarah felt weak and let herself be pulled into the club. There weren't many people inside, which made her feel better. The boys took her up to the front and sat her down by the stage. A dancer was doing a sexy bump and grind. She was only wearing a g-string and heels.
The driver of the car said, "Pick out a girl, we'll get you a lap dance."
Sarah looked around feeling self-conscious. "Why don't one of you guys, do it for me."
The guys chose one and she started to dance in front of Sarah. The dancer straddled the arms of Sarah's chair and pushed her breasts towards Sarah's face. The guys loved it. One of them told her to suck the other girl's tits. Sarah's reluctance was apparent and the dancer pushed a nipple into Sarah's mouth. The guys were shouting encouragement.
She swallowed hard and decided to play along. The tip of her tongue, flicked over the dancer's nipples. The dancer moaned and said to the boys, "She has a hot tongue for sucking my tits."
The dancer tried to slide the straps off of Sarah's shoulders. Sarah resisted and waited for the guys' admonishment. Amazingly, they said nothing. Sarah felt relieved. She was now enjoying herself, putting on a show with the dancer. They were talking dirty back and forth to each other. Sarah was really trying to do the things she liked done to her. Then the dancer shocked her. She put her hand above the waistband of her g-string and swung her head around like a deep orgasm.
The guys were rooting on the dancer as if their team was winning the super bowl. Sarah kept kissing and sucking stealing glances at the dancer's hand as it disappeared into her g-string.
The dancer said, "I'm so wet and horny."
She pulled out her hand and wiped the slippery juice over one nipple and then the other. She pulled Sarah's head to her chest and ordered her to, "Taste my glazed nipples."
Before Sarah could respond, the dancer put a finger in Sarah's mouth. The smell was stronger than the taste and she remembered smelling her own scent on the railing at the library. She licked the dancer's other fingers and continued to lick her nipples, despite her trepidation. The guys went completely silent. Sarah was the center of attention again. The dancer dipped her hand into her g-string again, and then stuck her slippery fingers directly into Sarah's open mouth.
Sarah could feel the presence of other people close by now. The dancer pulled the g-string to the side and ran her whole hand from the tip of her fingers to the heel of her hand over her aroused slit. Sarah pulled the hand to her face and licked it all, languishing with the dancer's fingers in her mouth.
The dancer stood up and turned herself around. Bending over, she pushed her ass towards Sarah's face. Then she reached through her legs covering her private parts and slowly dragged her hand forward inserting three fingers as she passed over her open sex.
The dancer whispered, "Eat me baby, they want to see you eat me."
Sarah reached out and touched the woman's swollen lips. There was a noticeable sharp breath by the onlookers in the room. The dancer was soft and warm to Sarah's touch. Wetness, softness, inviting, no desperately begging to be touched kissed and caressed. Sarah played with the woman's soft wet skin and then put her fingers into her own watering mouth.
Moans and comments escaped from the crowd. An onlooker shouted, "Put your pretty face in that hot cunt."
She reached forward again and the dancer caught her hand and lifted one leg up and over Sarah's arm. She coaxed Sarah out of her chair.
Holding Sarah's hand high in the air, the dancer lead her around the room for the gentlemen to see. Sarah was overdressed but the sight was extremely memorable. She was lead onto the stage. No music. The dancer had Sarah face the audience, while she pulled off her g-sting and stood behind Sarah. First she touched Sarah's breasts lifting them from outside the beautiful gown. She asked the crowd if they wanted to see this young girl's tits, and they roared their approval. Sarah felt the dress slide down her body onto the floor. She stepped out and the dancer paraded her around like a show pony.
She was standing in her earrings, gloves, panties, stockings and heels. The dancer pinched Sarah's nipples, but there was no need, they were already tight and hard. She then asked the crowd if they wanted to see her pussy. The approval was deafening. Sarah was waiting for the dancer to pull down her panties. To her astonishment and arousal, the dancer pulled violently and the panties were ripped off.
Sarah began to feel herself twitch. She couldn't help it; her hands were in between her legs working dutifully. Nearly achieving her climax, two other dancers made her stop, grabbing her arms and holding them behind her. Sarah felt her hands being tied. She tried to resist but it wasn't any use. They were holding her in a way where she was physically leaning backwards and her own feet weren't supporting her weight.
To gain as much of a sense of balance as she could, she spread her legs and moved them back. Her pussy was the most forward part of her body. She felt overwhelmed with fear. No control. Tears welled up in her eyes out of frustration. She realized this is what the dancers wanted as they made rude comments about what happens to nice girls when they try to steal all the attention. She felt fingers touching her ass and pussy. She closed her eyes and tried to dwell on the pleasure, but to her dismay it stopped. Her hips were bucking. Her orgasm was in limbo and she couldn't do anything about it.
The first dancer exclaimed, "I've never felt a pussy this wet!"
She put her fingers on Sarah's lips and she responded by running her tongue up and down the woman's hand. "Who wants to feel this wet, hot, hungry pussy?" Everyone did.
The first dancer picked an attractive man from the crowd and had him finger Sarah. Just as he got his rhythm, she made him stop. Sarah's legs couldn't hold her and she collapsed onto her knees.
"Would you like to cum on her tits?" the first dancer asked the man. He grinned and began to undo his pants and after fumbling he produced his hard cock with precum already oozing out of the tip. He took a step closer and pushed his cockhead against Sarah's mouth. The first dancer grabbed his cock and started jacking him for the crowd. It was fast and visually satisfying. He came in spurts of white splattering Sarah's face and neck and with heavier globs dropping onto her breasts. The man staggered off the stage and was assisted to his seat by other dancers. Sarah had wanted to taste him, but the smell, sight, and pearly drops were fascinating and she immediately replayed the experience again in her mind.
The driver of the car was brought up on the stage. Sarah was again pulled up so her feet were only supporting part of her weight. The driver requested she be turned around and bent over. He squeezed her ass cheeks and let his hands wander over her thighs and ass.
"Cheap little fuck slut," he accused, "I bet you want my fingers in your cunt!"
She heard the words and felt the degradation but she twisted and tilted to have his hands come in contact with her swollen lips. He laughed cruelly, and put his hands together as if in prayer. Spreading apart the middle and the ring fingers on both hands, he penetrated her engorged pussy. Once he had sunk his fingers in as far as they would go, he pulled out. With the next penetrating move he adjusted his hands so his two slippery index fingers probed inside her ass while his middle, ring and pinkies spread her cunt.
Her nerves carried the fire to her mind like lightning with the roar of the crowd the complimenting thunder. He established a rhythm and began to increase his pace. Sarah tried to match him with counter thrusts but she really had no leverage. Once again before she could climax the dancers had the driver stop. She felt her wrists being untied and was once again spun around. Lying on her back at Sarah's feet was the first dancer. She was naked, spreading her legs and masturbating for the audience.
She commanded Sarah to, "Lower your horny cunt so I can fuck you with my tongue!"
Gratefully, she positioned herself over the other woman. Unlike her driver's hands, this was soft and warm. The dancer's lips and tongue explored all of Sarah's folds. She added her fingers to stroke Sarah's clit and penetrate where she could. Sarah only then became aware of the spurts of cum landing heavily on her face neck and breasts as her driver furiously pumped his rigid tool.
Sarah ground her pussy onto the dancers face. She played with her tits as the orgasm built and washed over her. She leaned forward and began to delicately touch the red inner lips of the dancer. Anxiously, she slid her fingers in circular motions around the other woman's clit. Oblivious to the crowd, she wondered what it was going to feel like to touch and directly taste inside another woman.
Before she lowered her head to find out, from what seemed like another world, she heard her roommate shout, "Sarah! I'm going home now. When are you leaving?"
Annoyed and startled, she groaned as she felt the hangover kick into high gear. "Idonknow, Satday?" she slurred.
Sarah heard the front door slam and immediately fell back to sleep. Midday she awoke and felt much better. The whole apartment was hers. She realized she was naked and lying on the sheets. Her door was open and she guessed why her roommate shouted as she left instead of coming in and waking her up. Sarah's fingers were crusty. She was still feeling the excitement in her stomach. She examined the crust on her fingers and thought about her dream.
Mildly aroused she remembered a comment made by someone in the audience, "A girls gotta love sex if she eats her own cum!" Smiling to herself she headed to the shower to clean up.
The hot water felt good as it beat against her body, but the excitement about what lay ahead, out weighed any immediate sensation and she quickly fixed herself up and headed over to the library. Once inside, she could barely control her curiosity and her desire to run up to the fourth floor and see if anyone had responded to her request.
She was elated when she opened the book and found half of a sheet of paper with the word "accomplice." Good word, it had appropriate connotations. Sarah was disappointed only by the fact, it wasn't hand written. She was hoping to divine something from the handwriting. Sarah descended the stairs in a state of ambivalence and wonder. Could she really go through with this? Nervously, she glanced around as she opened the dictionary. The note was there, directing her to a file cabinet holding microfilm for old New York Times.
The file cabinet was tucked away in the corner of the library and no one was anywhere near the vicinity. Sarah sat on the floor and opened the designated drawer. She found an old backpack and pulled it out. She unzipped it and peered into the large compartment. Relief washed over her. She had been concerned about what she would find, but contents seemed benign enough. There was a note on white typing paper and what looked to be a sundress.
Sarah took out the note, it read: I can hardly believe my good fortune. I saw you yesterday, when you didn't think anyone was looking. You put a note and your panties in the dictionary. I retrieved them as soon as I was sure you weren't coming back. I stood at the dictionary holding this delicate piece of clothing for anyone to see before I figured out what it was. I was slightly embarrassed. I stuffed them in my pocket along with the note and went searching for the second note.
Once I found it, I couldn't believe anyone would do something like this. What's the catch? You don't look like the type of girl who would do this type of thing. But, you do look like the type of person who lives up to your end of a bargain. I'm hoping.
If you choose to follow through with this, you will find the following items in the bag: 1. a sundress; 2. a blindfold; and 3. a phone number. I want you to go to the the front door and call (867-5309) when the voice mail beeps, say, "This is Jenny, "tell me the time, and "I'm getting ready for you." When you hang up, I want you to come back here, and undress completely. I want to think of you as completely naked right here where you have a much greater chance of being caught. After you are completely naked, open the drawer. Take out the backpack and put on the dress. I want you to put all of your things in the backpack and return it to the drawer. You will then go up to the fourth floor, by the Henry James dissertation, and put on the blindfold.
After the blindfold is completely blocking your vision, you will unbutton the front of the sundress. I will be on my way by then and I want you to get ready for me. Make sure you are really wet and excited. I will probably watch you for a while. When I'm ready, I'll pull the dress off of you. You will need to listen to my instructions after that. If this is acceptable to you, then you need to make a phone call.
Sincerely, Your accomplice.
Two thoughts ran simultaneously through Sarah's mind, approval for the note and mystery invoked by it, and a nearly overwhelming anxiety. Sarah followed the instructions in the backpack. After making the call she headed back to the file cabinet. With a nervous glance she began to undress taking off her shoes and socks first. She could see people on the other side of the cabinet, only thirty feet away. She checked the drawer again to make sure no one was playing a trick on her and found everything as she left it.
In a crazy moment, she tried to decide what would be better, "Do I want to be caught with my top or bottom off?"
Topless would be less embarrassing, but she could keep a better look out if she pulled her shorts off first. In an instant she had pulled down her shorts and stepped out of them, squatting down on the floor, she pulled her top over her head and released her bra. Hastily, she pulled the dress out of the drawer. Lot's of little buttons, and all of them fastened. She decided to see if anyone was approaching and stood up to peek over the file cabinet. Everyone was as she left them. Standing naked, Sarah kept a sharp eye out for anyone coming her way while her fingers undid the front of the sundress. Once that was done, she slipped the dress over her arms and onto her back. More confident, with one obstacle cleared, Sarah left the dress open and leaned against the cold smooth metal of the file cabinet. Bouncing on her toes caused her nipples to scrape over the painted surface and sent shivers through her body. Her anxiety was replaced with a warm sensual feeling. She could feel herself swollen and wet between her legs.
Sarah knelt down and put her things into the backpack and retrieved the blindfold. It looked like a sleeping mask that wouldn't allow any light in. "I hope this is good. I'm ready now."
Sarah buttoned the dress only enough to cover herself partially. If someone were on the side or behind her on the stairs, they'd probably get a nice glimpse. The dress was short and she thought of going to the dictionary and pretending to read something new while she bent over and arched her back, maybe even pulling up the dress. On her way over, she lost her nerve. Too many people, and that would also disobey what her accomplice instructed her to do. As she passed the front desk, she realized she was backlit and the folks working there were probably getting a nice silhouette. She could feel her lips slide against each other as she started up the stairs, and she thought back to yesterday and how she had rubbed her pussy all over the railing. Sarah's heart beat faster as she reached the fourth floor. Can I really go through with this? What if it hurts? She almost stopped.
At the designated area, Sarah pulled the blindfold over her eyes. Before unbuttoning her dress she peeked out twice to see if anyone was coming. After reassuring herself no one was on the floor, she thought how this would be something nobody would believe. With more confidence, she lowered her blindfold again and began to unbutton the dress. With each undone button, she could feel herself sinking deeper into the experience. There was no way of backing out now. Her body ached for contact and penetration.
She imagined what she must look like standing in the library with one hand keeping her supported, while the other gently probed between her legs. Caught up in the moment, she didn't notice when her accomplice arrived. She had heard nothing, but felt the back of her dress as it was folded over onto her back completely exposing her ass and busy fingers. She continued touching herself and became intoxicated with the idea that he was standing silently watching her do what she had never allowed anyone know about before.
"Stand up, so I can take off your dress," said a female voice.
Sarah complied. It was not what she was expecting. She wanted to tear off the blindfold and see her accomplice. Thoughts raced through her mind. "Can I go through with this?"
Her accomplice removed Sarah's dress, without any contact. She drank in the experience and mystery. It was more thrilling than she expected. The dress dropped and crumpled at her feet.
She listened for her instructions. "Turn around slowly, let me see all of you. I can't believe you're going through with this. I'm going to video what you do," The voice announced.
Suddenly the experience became more tangible. Fear eroded her will power and she realized this could affect the rest of her life. "Touch yourself again."
Sarah was hesitant but her hands began stroking her breasts. "Does that feel nice?" Sarah could only nod in response.
"You know I saw you yesterday... I watched you as you tried to fuck that doorknob." Sarah froze.
She had been caught. Excitement prickled her skin and a hand dropped to her glistening snatch. Breathless she waited for her accomplice to finish. "Does that turn you on?" Sarah nodded again.
"You like to be watched, don't you? It turns you on just thinking about it, doesn't it? I thought about calling the police, then I thought about going after you and making you do embarrassing things... you wanted that?"
The questions were coming quickly and she knew she wasn't expected to respond. "What a desperate display, fucking a door knob. You must really need it. Do you need it?"
Sarah's throat was dry and she whispered, "I do."
"What did you say?" responded her accomplice in a colder tone. "You're just a bitch in heat. Look at you, hands in between your legs, a naked slut. Are you a slut? I didn't think so when I first saw you, but you are. You're my naked little slut aren't you?"
Sarah didn't respond. "Answer me, tell me you're my naked little slut and you'll do anything I want. All I have to do is make sure the police don't stop our little game. I want you to say 'I'm Sienna's little fuck toy and I'll do anything she wants.' Say it!"
The realization of what she had set herself up to do was overwhelming and Sarah had to fight back tears. "Say it!" her accomplice growled.
"I'm Sienna's little fuck toy, and I'll do anything you ask," answered Sarah broken by stifled sobs. Despite the humiliation, Sarah's body was on fire. She could feel the cum from her diligent fingers forming beads and running down her thighs.
"Don't be sad, just turn around and spread your cheeks so I can see your pretty ass. Sarah did as she was told. In the next instant, she felt the soft warm skin of a man's tool prod her anus sliding down her hungry lips to her clit and back to vaginal opening. A shudder of ecstasy temporarily made Sarah lose contact with her inquisitive friend. Pushing back, she felt the cock forcing aside the delicate skin. Sarah retreated forward losing contact again. He felt big. Sarah froze and waited for him to set the pace. It nestled into her hole, backed out and pushed in a little deeper. She grabbed the shelf with both hands and waited to absorb more.
More pressure, he must have sunk in past the head this time. He pulled out and pushed back in with more force. Sarah could feel her eyes rolling back in her head and her jaw dropping open as he impaled her on his rigid tool. She realized she hadn't even felt his presence behind her. She squirmed to accommodate his cock and try to get him entirely inside her. He pulled out to her dismay and she waited. Sienna asked, "What did it feel like fucking that door knob? You looked so horny and desperate. I could smell you before I reached the last stair. It was so palpable, I could almost taste you."
Again no sound, her next sensations were the scent and touch. The slippery head rubbing her lips. Parting her lips, she tasted her own cum and began to suck. Something was wrong. The texture. With the same unexpected abruptness, the cock pulled out of her mouth.
Searching and wondering, Sarah lowered her head trying to find his body and return the cock to her open mouth. Again she felt the head press into her sex. She pushed back and obtained deep satisfying penetration. He was opening her like no other guy had done before.
"You know that door knob was about two and a half inches thick? I bought this cock as a present for you, it was so enticing to see you fuck that doorknob." Sienna whispered.
Sarah liked the sensation of something big stretching her to accommodate for its size. She started to rock pistonning Sienna's mammoth tool in and out. She wanted her to hold her and force the dildo all of the way inside her. Sienna pulled out again and slid the top of her cock against Sarah's mound.
She whispered again, "Your boyfriend was two and a half inches across and about three inches long, but this one, is two inches thick and thirteen inches long."
Then retracting it, she slammed it in, fast and hard. Sarah lost her grip and it slid out as she fell over. She felt the warm wet surface against her cheek and slide down over her chin and along her throat making a wet trail down to her breasts. Sarah wanted it inside her, to feel it opening her up. She lay back on the cold tile and began touching her breasts, stomach, and cunt. She was feeling stretched out and wetter than she had ever felt. Unsure if she should speak, she moved her slippery fingers along her belly up to her breasts, then back down putting a sheen of cum over her skin. Her fingers dipped into her snatch and she brought them up by her mouth extending her tongue for effect. She felt the tip of her cock probe her soft outer lips and stop.
Then she felt something unexpected. Thin, delicate fingers touched her slit. Fingers, a hand, now two, were buzzing over her clit. Conflicting emotions swept over her. Unlike her dream, Sarah was uncomfortable with the thought of Sienna's fingers massaging her glistening pussy, but the actual contact was pushing her toward the abyss. One hand stopped and the cock filled her again. Fucking now with intensity the cock pounded her eager box. Stopping abruptly and then impossibly forcing it's way into her unsuspecting mouth. Her scent was a catalyst, bringing an urgent aching to her cunt.
"Oooo, climb on top of me and force your cock in as far as it will go. I want to feel your weight on top of me and your cock pushing from the inside!" Sarah hissed as the dildo was pulled out again.
In a rough, almost brutal way, the cock entered her cunt again. A hot mouth was pressed against hers. Sarah tentatively explored this passionate kiss. Her tongue met the hard pointed thrust of Sienna's. Perfume, smooth skin, hair cascading over her face, neck and chest, fingers and fingernails, touching, kneading, penetrating, Sienna's essence washed over Sarah. Confusion clouded by exquisite sensations wrestled for control in Sarah's mind.
"I want you to fuck yourself with this monster. I'll be back," stated Sienna.
Sarah remained on her back pushing the thick phallus into her stretched hole. She rolled over and continued fucking herself from behind with her ass in the air and her face, tits and knees on the cold hard tile. She wanted to see how far it could go in and she got up on her feet squatting to use the floor for penetration. Again Sarah was caught up in the sensation and didn't hear Sienna come up.
"Look at her," Sienna stated in a loud voice. "See how horny she is? I'll let you guys fuck her, but first let me show you what she'll do."
Fear swept over Sarah. Had Sienna really brought other people? "You've stuffed the fat dildo as far as you can go. Take it out! You're going to put on a show and get these guys really horny before I let them fuck you. I want you to lick your cum off it until it's clean."
Sarah had been close, but this was unexpected and she reluctantly pulled the shaft out of her hot box. She began by licking her fingers and the lower part of the dildo and working to the top. Her own scent and taste aided her lust in mastering her fear. She moaned for her audience while she licked and sucked in abandon.
"See how much she likes that? I'll bet she's so horny she'd let all three of you fuck her at once." Sienna stated, "Have you ever had anyone fuck your ass, Sarah?"
"No Sienna, no one's fucked my ass."
Sarah began pushing her fingers into her cunt and then putting pressure on her sphincter. "You want it though? Don't you?" Sienna asked.
"Yeah, I do. I want someone to stick his cock up my ass." Sarah breathed.
Her middle finger was now in up to her second knuckle and she was writhing on the floor. "Do you want some one to put their tongue up your ass? Sienna proposed.
"Yes! That sounds incredible!" Sarah hissed in response.
"You're a dirty little slut aren't you? No one would do that for you. Especially, in your situation? I want you to put your head back on the floor. Now lie still!" Sienna commanded.
Sarah heard some movement close to her; she wanted to see what was going on. She could feel warm skin on either side of her torso. Sienna told her to raise her head. Lifting it off the floor Sarah brought it bumping into warm skin. She could smell the other woman; it made her smile as she thought about her dream.
Sienna ordered, "Show these boys what you want done to you, and make me feel good! Lick my ass."
Sarah's tongue found the cleft between the cheeks and started probing for Sienna's sensitive hole. She reached around and held onto the woman's thighs. Her hot tongue boldly pushed on the puckered button and then moved forward in search of her friend's cunt. From her position, Sarah couldn't reach Sienna's snatch and her tongue returned to wash her ass hole with slow deliberate brushes and soft warm stabs. Sarah's probing and stroking elicited a sigh from Sienna. Her fingers had found Sienna's muscular legs, a flat stomach and large wet labia under a hard knot of a clit. Sienna's body felt toned and Sarah visualized them mauling each other on the floor.
Sienna groaned, "You are so hot. Do you want me to do the same thing to you?"
Sarah answered, "Scoot back first, I want to taste your pussy. I had a dream last night about that and I want to know... "
Sienna moved backwards and Sarah found her open mons pressing down on her face. Sienna rocked and Sarah felt the coarse hairs above Sienna's snatch rub her chin. Sarah stuck her tongue inside Sienna feeling the softness. The taste was like dried tomatoes and vinegar. The texture was light and fluid.
Sienna rocked and moaned, "I want you to feel this good, what do you want me to do?"
"Touch me. I like your hands and fingers touching me all over and inside. Suck on my clit and lick my ass hole, put your fingers inside me," Sarah cooed. Lying on top of Sarah, Sienna reached around rubbing Sarah's slit with one hand and spreading her lips while licking her clit with the other. "Put your fingers inside me," a muffled Sarah gasped.
Sienna complied, sliding three fingers inside Sarah's inviting box while sucking hard on Sarah's clit. Her pinkie strayed down and penetrated Sarah's ass. Sarah felt Sienna pull her mouth away. It was replaced with her palm caressing Sarah's swollen pussy in large circles that moved the whole labia while continually keeping contact with the clit. Sienna's other hand was busily pushing and wiggling more fingers inside Sarah. Sarah's body began to ball up and her pelvis pressed up looking for more contact. Sarah felt small waves wash through her body. Then the small waves retreated, emptying her body. She sensed the onslaught. Building, it gathered her limbs into a fetal position. Her abdominals ached with the strain as it crashed through her body disconnecting all other sensation.
Nearly exhausted, Sarah's head dropped to the floor and the mask was no longer covering her eyes. Sienna was still straddling Sarah. She gazed up in between Sienna's legs. Dark skin, long legs, nice calves and slender thighs leading to a firm ass that tapered into a trim waist. Sienna had the sundress Sarah had been wearing bunched up above her waist. Elegant arms and dark black hair plunged down past her shoulders. Sarah just looked at her. She recognized Sienna's exotic beauty and realized her attraction to the female body. It was new. Her prurient eyes searched for the delicate pink skin peeking out from her vulva.
Without turning around, Sienna picked up the dildo and leaned against the shelves while she tried to force it inside herself. "I need your help. Get this thing in me and stick your tongue in my ass!"
Sarah moved forward on her knees and took the flesh colored shaft, licking the tip, and then prying it into Sienna's tight box. "It won't fit," stated Sarah.
"It has to, I want to be fucked so bad," retorted Sienna.
She spread her legs wider and bent at the knees to open herself more. Sarah watched as the delicate skin engulfed the tip. It stretched tight and she backed the cock out a bit to relubricate it.
"No! Fuck me! Stick it in me! Harder!" Instructed Sienna.
Sarah pushed harder and the pole sank in deeper. With Sienna half squatting, Sarah tongued her ass, and glanced up and down the aisle. She stood up next to Sienna, licked her middle finger, and ran her left hand down between Sienna's cheeks. Probing, she found the neglected orifice and cautiously filled the void. Another kiss began before Sarah realized it. Sienna had turned her head and kissed Sarah's ear whispering something. Sarah kissed her on the mouth. "I'm cumming," whispered Sienna along with incomprehensible words. She sank down to a squat pushing the phallus deep inside her.
"Doesn't that feel incredible?" asked Sarah pulling the rest of the dress away in order to see her new friend totally naked and impaling herself on Sarah's dildo.
Sienna stood up a little and thrust it in and out while making eye contact for the first time. She pulled the dildo from between her legs and brought it up close to her face. Sienna was sitting against the bookcase with her knees up. Her arms were inside her knees while she held the dildo like a baseball bat, tapping her lips with the head of the cock and her mons with the base. She smiled shyly closed her eyes and tentatively touched her tongue to the slick phallus.
Sienna's scent was strong in Sarah's nostrils and she watched in awe as the other woman became confident and started sucking on the head of the enormous dildo. Sienna didn't open her eyes. Sarah's body still tingled and her mind was trying to work out what had been going on while she watched Sienna's show. Slowly, Sienna opened her green eyes, sliding the dildo out of her mouth then along Sarah's side until she reached her hip. Leaving a trail of saliva that glistened like a silver thread.
"Soooo... Was it the biggest cock you've ever had inside you?" she whispered.
Sarah didn't respond. Smiling coyly Sienna teased. "You look delicious. Did you like that?"
Sarah smiled warmly and started to sit up. "Don't move." Sienna stated, "I've had guys who liked to look at me naked after we'd have sex. I never really understood it, until now."
She ran a finger along the underside of Sarah's right breast. "Your skin feels soft."
She now had all of her fingers just barely touching Sarah's skin. It gave her the chills and her nipples became erect again. "Does this feel good?" Sienna purred.
"It kind of tickles, but... I feel great. I swear this is the best I've ever felt. That was so intense. I needed it so badly." Sarah gushed. Sarah glanced around and a question formed on her face.
Sienna tossed her head to the side with a laugh. "No, I didn't tape this and no there weren't any guys. I sensed what you wanted to feel and since you couldn't see... Did it work?"
Sarah smiled broadly and bobbed her head before leaning forward and kissing Sienna again. Sienna looked at Sarah with wonder. "I'm really intrigued, why did you do this? I mean, I thought you'd bolt as soon as you heard my voice. I really had no intention of... I've never been attracted to a woman before, at least not until yesterday. I watched you for about ten seconds. At first I thought, 'Oh god, call the police,' then I wanted you to get it into you and I would come down and touch you. I felt like being very mean and humiliate you and see if you'd do things I wanted, but then you were gone. When I saw you put something in the dictionary, you already had my curiosity. After reading your notes I almost even tried it myself. I was terrified."
"You just did everything I did," Sarah laughed, "Until yesterday, the most amazing sexual adventure I've had was in a guy's room when his family came in unexpectedly. I'm not a very wild person. I wanted to overcome my fear and do it. It was a thrill to do it because I wouldn't have done any of this stuff unless you had told me. I liked it, but I liked having you as my "fuck toy," too. Umm... by the way my name is Sarah."
Sienna grinned, "Hi Sarah it was a pleasure meeting you." She leaned in and kissed Sarah pondering their tryst. "Let's get our stuff together. Are you hungry?"