Authors Note: This is anotherFICTIONALstory. All characters in the story areFICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL.
*****
It was late morning when I woke up. I was alone in Darby's bed and I realized that I had been alone all night. I was dying for a pee and so I quickly made my way to the bathroom. When I had finished my morning bathroom routine I straightened the bed up and made my way to the kitchen. As I walked along the corridor I encountered several of Darby's male and female staff and realized that my nudity no longer fazed me. The females smiled and tried not to make eye contact and the males openly stared at my tits and pussy.
I was horny as usual and, when I turned a corner and saw three of Darby's male Indian staff coming towards me, I decided to stop them and engage them in conversation.
"Hi Guys, any idea where Darby is?" I asked.
Two of the guys were too busy staring at my body to answer but the third shrugged his shoulders and said "Sorry, I haven't seen him today."
I carried the conversation on as long as I could but the guys weren't great talkers. One of them had a bottle of window cleaner and was casually spinning it in his hand and occasionally tossing it into the air and catching it. When he missed his catch and the bottle rolled behind me I saw my chance. I turned to pick the bottle up but, rather than demurely bending at the knees to pick it up I turned away from them and parted my legs and bent at the waist. I deliberately fumbled the bottle a couple of times so that the guys had a longer view of my bare ass and pussy before I straightened up and handed the bottle back.
"See you guys later." I smiled as I walked away. My slut credentials were indeed intact.
I was surprised to see Darby's daughter Ronnie in the kitchen. We hugged and she asked if I had eaten yet.
"No, I just woke up." I answered.
"Late night?" she smiled.
"Not too bad. Just entertaining your father's prospective business partners."
"How was that?" she asked.
"Well, the two black guys were fine but the Chinese didn't really thrill me. It was fun though."
"You really like black guys don't you?" she laughed.
"I like guys in general but yes, black guys are my favourite." I thought it was obvious.
"And these days the more the merrier?" she asked.
"Yes, when there's a bunch of them it's certainly more exciting." I replied as matter of fact as possible. "Any idea where your father is?"
"No, I haven't seen him today. Is there something wrong?"
"No, I was just wondering what he has planned for me today."
"I'm sure he'll have something in mind when he shows up." Ronnie offered.
We made small talk as we fixed our late breakfast/early lunch. Even though I considered us friends it was clear that there was a hierarchy thing going on that was emphasized by the fact that she was fully clothed and I was totally naked. For the first time in the week I realized that I didn't even have my wedding ring on.
We finished our meal and she told me in the nicest possible way to load the dishwasher as she went on with her day.
I didn't feel like swimming and wasn't up for a sauna either so I made my way to Darby's living room and turned the TV on. I watched about ten minutes of a cooking show before my urges got the better of me and I switched over to Darby's collection of homemade porn. I played with the remote for a while until I found a button that would take me to the index. I scrolled down until I found the section marked "Janice". Scrolling further I found a category marked "Reparations Dinner". I found a section titled "Rooftop" and pressed play.
The first scene showed me running naked towards the pool with my boobs flying in all directions. I dived into the pool and stayed under the water as long as I could. I surfaced just as several naked black guys jumped into the pool. We all played around like kids for a while and I soon saw myself sitting on a guys shoulders. We fell over backwards and I swam to the steps at the corner of the pool. I remembered that my intent was to go and lie down on a sun-bed but I got distracted and soon found myself with a cock in my mouth while another entered my pussy from behind.
My recollection of that particular scene was that it was only the two guys but I was shocked to realize that I blew at least four and was fucked by four others before I got out of the pool.
I did manage to lie on a sun-bed for a few minutes before I was carried to a sofa and spit-roasted time and again. I fast forwarded through a few more scenes and stopped when I saw myself dancing naked on a table in front of what looked like sixty or seventy guys and finally being helped down off of the table and leading a bunch of guys into a bedroom.
I watched a few more scenes where I invariably was the subject of attention of many more than one guy. The last thing I watched was the time I stripped for a group of Indians and Pakistanis. In one scene I watched my husband banging a woman who was bent over a table. I was looking forward to seeing him again and I was glad that I had only two more days of my "sentence" to serve.
The next thing I knew Darby was shaking me. I had fallen asleep for a couple of hours and the TV was still on. I woke to see pictures of me squealing like a pig as some black guy banged my ass. For the life of me I couldn't figure out where and when that scene was filmed.
"Wake up dear." Darby gently caressed one of my boobs.
"Hi." I mumbled groggily. "How are you?"
"I am excellent." He replied. "The Chinese have agreed to sign but on one condition."
"Oh yeah. When do I have to entertain them again?"
Darby chuckled. "You know me too well. They leave tomorrow evening. Perhaps you can go tonight?"
"Sure. No problem."
"I'll be with you." He tried to reassure me.
"Doesn't matter. I can take care of it."
"I'll need to be there to sign the contract."
Glad you're thinking of me." I snorted.
I realized that I had become a tool for him to use and wished that I could go back to a time where everything was just for fun.
"Go and shower and get ready. The sooner we get this done the sooner I'll have my contract signed."
I stood up and made my way to the bathroom. I wasn't overly upset that I was going to be fucked again but I wasn't keen on the idea that it had become a job. When I was all cleaned up I went back into the living room where Darby was waiting for me.
"What do you want me to wear?" I asked.
"You will be naked when you get to the room so for now you don't need anything. Dave has put an overcoat and a pair of shoes in the limo. When we get to the Empress Hotel you can put them on to get you through the hotel lobby but as soon as you are in the elevator to the penthouse you must take the coat off." He explained.
"Why in the elevator?" I asked.
"So that the Chinese can see you on the TV. There's a camera in the elevator and they can see everyone that comes up. It's a security precaution."
"Whatever." I replied.
"We'll only be there a couple of hours. When we get back I have something special lined up for you. I'm not going to tell you what it is but I'm sure you'll enjoy it."
"After what I've done for you it had better be better than special." I warned him.
We made our way to the elevator and went down to the garage. Darby opened the limo door for me and once again I found myself sitting there naked. On the seat beside me was a ladies overcoat which looked to me to be too short to be decent. On the floor was a pair of red heels.
I reached for the overcoat but Darby said "Not yet. Wait until we get to the hotel."
We reached the Empress and I quickly slipped the coat and heels on as Darby opened the limo door. He helped me out and we made our way to the penthouse elevator. He pushed the key card into the slot and the elevator doors opened.
As soon as we were inside he told me to take the overcoat off. I stripped it off and handed it to him. For the first time I realized that he was carrying a briefcase in which I assumed the contract was safely tucked. We opened the door to the suites' foyer and Darby dropped the overcoat onto a chair. I noticed that he was holding the briefcase very tightly.
As we entered the main living room I immediately noticed that all four guys were eying me hungrily. Their wives were sitting on the sofa. One of them said something in Mandarin and pointed at my breasts. It seems that they were still amazed at the size of mine and I knew as soon as I the fucking started their eyes would be intent on watching my beauties flying back and forth.
I was surprised when the oldest of the Chinese said in heavily accented English "Darby, you are a man of your word. When we have finished with her you will have your signatures."
Darby pushed me gently towards the oldest guy and he immediately started to grope my boobs. I realized that the sooner I tired these guys out the sooner Darby would have his precious contract signed and I could get back to his hotel.
As I started to unbutton the guys' shirt I noticed that the other three were already taking their clothes off. He let me strip him naked and, I fell to my knees to suck his cock. He enjoyed that for several minutes before he pushed me away and crouched down beside me. He encouraged me to lie on my back and then took me missionary style while Darby and the three other Chinese guys watched.
When he came I turned over and got onto my hands and knees and waited for the next guy. There was a short argument over who should go next but soon I felt my pussy being penetrated. I really didn't care which guy it was but I realized that, because of the energy, it was probably one of the sons.
The other two guys took their turn and Darby told me to go to the bathroom and clean myself up. When I returned to the living room I was told to bend over the arm of a sofa and the fucking started over again. This time the oldest guy was last and, as he was fucking me, I felt something hard placed on my back. I had no idea what it was until I saw Darby walking away from me with a clipboard with some papers on. The old Chinese guy had signed the forms while they were resting on my back and he was screwing me.
Darby looked very pleased with himself and sat down to watch me pleasure his business partners.
When the old guy was finished I sat on the sofa with my legs slightly apart as cum dribbled out of my pussy.
After a short rest the two younger guys got me back on my hands and knees and one of them fucked me while I blew the other.
When they were done I stood up and Darby shook hands with the still naked Chinese guys. When the elevator reached the ground floor Darby handed me the overcoat and heels and we headed for the limo.
As we pulled away from the Empress Hotel Darby held out his hand and ordered me to give him the raincoat. I stripped it off again and sat there naked for the journey back to the hotel. When we were back in Darby's penthouse he told me to go and clean up and then join him in the living room.
I took my time in the shower and then headed back to see Darby.
"Thank you for doing that. Are you ok?" he asked.
"It was no problem." I replied. "Are you happy now you have your contract signed?"
"Yes, very much so. It's a long term contract worth tens of millions per year. I couldn't ask for more. Now, what about you?"
"What about me?" I asked.
"Well, you like black men don't you?"
"Yes, you know I do."
"And you like lots of them at once?"
"Yes, nothing wrong with that."
"No, nothing wrong with that at all. You also like to be watched don't you?"
"Yes, I guess I do."
"And you prefer your guys to be in command, perhaps a little rough even."
"I don't mind if they take charge and show some passion but I don't want to be abused."
"But you don't mind a little fear either?"
"No, that's ok. A little fear is exciting. I like to be on the edge but not over the edge sometimes." I answered.
"Have we found where your edge is yet? Do you know where your boundaries lie?"
"I don't think so yet but I probably won't know until it happens and, even then, perhaps what appears to be my limit may be just another barrier that I break though."
"Get a couple of hours rest. You'll be busy tonight." He ordered.
I went back to the bedroom and got into bed. I was nervous about what he might have in mind for me. Sleep soon overtook me.
I was woken by one of Darby's young Indian staff members. At first I thought it was Darby himself who was running his hand over my bare ass. I was lying on my side with my back to the guy. Still half asleep I turned onto my back and I felt the hand glide over my stomach and up to my boobs. I knew that my nipples were erect and soon I felt fingers playing with my left one. Then I felt the hand sliding down my torso towards my pussy. I did my best to appear as if I was half asleep and, when I felt the hand on my pussy, I groaned and parted my legs slightly. The guy was busy staring at my slit and didn't notice that my eyes were now fully open.
"Hi. Who are you?" I asked.
The kid was obviously surprised and embarrassed but made no effort to take his hand off of my vagina.
"I am Kim. Mister Darby told me to come and wake you."
"Well, you certainly did that." I smiled.
The kid suddenly realized where his hand was and quickly pulled it away.
"What does Darby want?"
"He told me to wake you and tell you to get cleaned up and make sure that you go to the living room." He stammered.
"Ok, tell him I'll be along shortly."
"No Miss Janice. He told me to make sure that you go to the living room."
"Ok, whatever. Come on in to the bathroom and we can talk while I get cleaned up."
I got into the shower determined to give the kid the show of his life.
"What is your job title here?" I asked as I soaped up my boobs.
"We don't have job titles. I am just a member of his personal staff. I do what he asks." He replied.
"Ok, what are your duties?" I put one foot on a low shelf as I washed my pussy.
"Whatever Mister Darby wants." The question seemed to confuse him.
We chatted for a couple more minutes until I finished my shower. I opened the shower door and asked him to fetch me a towel. He went to the towel shelf and returned with a soft white towel. I put my hands up over my head and said "Dry me off."
The erection that was already showing against his shorts grew even more evident as he toweled my shoulders and breasts. He worked down over my belly and I parted my legs a little to let him dry my pussy. He spent a little more time than necessary there and, when he was finished, I took the towel from him and dried the rest of my body.
"Do you enjoy working for Darby?" I asked.
"Yes. Very much." He answered.
"Why?"
"Because he is good to me."
"What do you mean? He pays you well? Gives you lots of vacation time?"
"Yes, plus we get to see his parties and sometimes he lets us have our own parties." He replied.
"What kind of parties?" I asked.
"The same kind of parties that you have here." He looked directly at my tits as he spoke.
I smiled and told him "Perhaps we'll be at the same party one day."
"I hope so." He smiled as his eyes ran down my torso and settled on my pussy.
"Ok, you may escort me to the living room now." I laughed.
As we made our way to see Darby, I decided that before the week was over, I would allow Kim and some of his friends to enjoy me.
"Thanks Kim. You may go." Said Darby as he pointed to the chair directly in front of him where I was to sit.
I sat down with my legs and arms crossed.
"You needn't be so modest my dear." He said in an almost fatherly fashion.
I put my arms down and uncrossed my legs.
"Relax." He urged as he stared directly at the tops of my legs.
I put my hands up on the arms of the chair and parted my legs a little so that my vagina was on view.
"That's better. You enjoy being looked at don't you?" He had a big grin on his face.
"Sure." I conceded even though I felt a little uncomfortable.
"Do you remember our earlier conversation about your love for black guys?" he asked.
"Of course." I replied.
"Well, you are going to be very busy tonight."
I felt my nipples immediately harden. "When do we start?" I asked.
"In ten minutes or so." Came the reply.
He picked up the phone and pressed a single number. Within a couple of minutes Fitz appeared carrying some clothing.
"Get dressed." Darby ordered.
I stood up and picked up the clothes that Fitz had brought. There was a shapeless coarse cotton sleeveless dress and a tiny thin black g-string. I put the g-string on and pulled the dress over my head. The only thing holding the dress up was a single flimsy string of material that went around my neck and attached to the front of the dress. The back of the dress hung in a very unflattering manner wherever it fell. The dress stopped around mid thigh. I did not feel particularly sexy in what could really only be described as a potato sack.
Darby, Fitz and I made our way to the elevator and down to the ballroom. Before we went into the ballroom a blindfold was placed over my eyes.
The room was in complete silence and I was guided to what I realized were steps leading up to a platform.
"Do not move an inch." I was ordered. "Put your hands together in front of you."
I did as was ordered and immediately felt my hands being bound.
After a couple of minutes I heard a click and, even though it didn't help me see anything, I could tell that I was under a very strong spotlight.
At this point the blindfold was removed. I stood for several minutes trying to get used to the bright light but I soon knew that I would never be able to see what was beyond the light. I started to get a little nervous and that turned to fear when I heard a familiar voice behind me.
"Enjoying yourself yet bitch?" It was Ronnie's sister and her voice dripped with hatred.
"Yes thanks." I replied as brightly as I could. I didn't want her to see that I was afraid.
My fear became obvious when I saw that she had a very large carving knife in her hand.
"Put your hands above your head." She ordered.
I complied and immediately felt her cut the single flimsy string that held my dress up. It fell to the floor and pooled around my feet. She showed me the knife again and then put the flat of the blade under my breasts. The knife felt cold and I noticed that I was trembling. She turned the knife so that the blunt edge of the blade was against my skin. Then she slid the knife upwards over my breasts until she got to my nipples. I can't say if it was the fact the room was a little cool or if it was plain old fear but my nipples were more erect than I had even seen them.
She had a grin on her face she turned the knife and held the point against my right boob. With a slight flick of her wrist the point of the knife penetrated my skin and a small trickle of blood ran down my breast. Surprisingly it didn't hurt at all and I think my calmness annoyed her. She stared directly into my eyes as she slid the knife down over my belly and onto my pubic area. I felt the knife slip under the small patch of fabric that made up the g-string and onto my pussy. Now I found it really hard not to feel the fear and I started to tremble.
She had obviously noticed my fear and the smile returned to her face. Moving the knife toward my left hip she suddenly jerked it and I felt that side of my g-string fall away. She repeated the move on my right hip but the flimsy garment didn't fall. She reached down and ripped it from between my legs and I was naked.
I was confused by the silence and the darkness but I felt sure that Darby wouldn't leave me alone to be tortured by this woman. Was Darby stood nearby watching? Was he about to step in and help me?
"Lower your arms bitch." She snarled.
She sawed away at the material that she had used to bind my wrists and soon my hands were free.
All of a sudden she put her hand in the middle of my chest and pushed hard. I wasn't expecting it at all and fell backwards. To my surprise I fell onto a chair. The chair was hard, cold and I guessed made of steel. Before I had a chance to do anything my arms were held down as straps were put on to secure them to the arms of the chair. Next my legs were yanked apart and secured to the legs of the chair. Darby's hateful daughter had disappeared and I was faced by a black woman that I didn't know.
She looked at me with contempt for what seemed like ages before she slapped my face and spat on my boobs. Without saying a word she turned away and another black woman appeared out of the darkness. She gently caressed one of my boobs before slapping it hard. My yelp reflected my shock as much as my pain and she too turned away.
The third black woman ran her hand across my boobs before sliding it down over my stomach and onto my pussy. It was impossible to close my legs and I soon felt a couple of fingers slip inside of me. To my surprise I could feel that my pussy was soaking wet and I knew that I was sexually excited. The parade of black women continued for some time. My boobs were slapped often and my pussy probed almost as much.
Eventually I was confronted by an obese black woman. Another light was turned on and I could see all of the previous black women sitting to watch the proceedings.
The obese woman took a couple of steps towards me and started to caress my pussy.
"Do you like this honey?" She asked.
I nodded my head. I did enjoy the feel of her soft fingers on me.
"You sure do have a pretty little pink pussy." She laughed.
I smiled at her but I knew that she had more to say.
"Shame then that in a few hours it's just going to be a dripping, gaping hole." Her voice was harder now. "When my son has finished with you you'll be sore for weeks. My son loves white pussy and we love to see our men destroying pretty little white pussies."
As I pondered whether my pussy was pink or white the obese black woman stepped aside and I was surprised to see a naked black man had been standing behind her. She reached down and grabbed his cock.
"Do you want this?" she asked.
I looked down at what she had in her hand. It was the biggest, fattest cock of any colour that I had ever seen.
"Do you want this?" She repeated.
I did want it but my voice wouldn't work. She let go of his cock and stepped forward to slap my boobs. Her slaps stung but now that I could see the guys' entire cock I didn't care. It was huge and magnificent. His balls hung down halfway to his knees and I knew I just had to experience the feeling of giving it up to him.
"Do you want this?" She asked a third time.
"Yes." I croaked. "I want it."
"Where do you want it?" She asked.
"In my pussy." I gasped.
"What about in your mouth?"
"Yes, in my mouth."
"How about in your ass?"
"Yes, in my ass please."
I knew that it would hurt like hell but I didn't care. I was scared of it but I knew that I had to have it.
At this moment more lights were turned on. In front of me was a set of bleachers occupied by thirty or forty black women. In front of the bleachers stood a group of naked black guys. A quick count told me that there were maybe fifteen guys. My restraints were removed and I stood up. I turned to see if Ronnie's sister was still there and was surprised to see several beds, sofas, a couple of armchairs and a swing. Occupying these were another fifteen of so naked black men.
While I was turned towards the guys on the beds and sofas I was picked up. I looked up and saw that it was the obese woman's son. He carried me to one of the beds and threw me onto it as if I was a rag doll. I was worried that he was going to be the first to fuck me because I knew that I needed some of the smaller guys to open me up a little before I took his cock inside me. Thankfully he turned away and went and stood next to his mother.
I thought it was odd that he was stood naked next to her especially as his cock was now semi erect. I also thought that it was odd that the two of them were comfortable when she held it and offered it to me. Then I realized that all of the women there had husbands, boyfriends or sons there waiting to have their way with me. I couldn't imagine doing the same thing with my own son.
My thoughts were stopped dead the second I felt someone's tongue gently exploring the folds of my vagina. I was already breathing hard and I knew that, while the next however many hours were going to be challenging; I was going to try my best to enjoy every moment of it.
As I was getting turned on by the tongue that was now playing over my clitoris I felt two hands roughly turn my head to one side. This was immediately followed by the head of a cock pushing against my mouth. I opened my mouth and felt the warm, hard phallus slip inside. He was happy to let me use my tongue on the head of his cock and it was some time before I felt him slide further towards the back of my throat.
The next sensation was the feel of a cock penetrating my pussy. Thankfully it wasn't one of the more massive ones and I took it easily. While this guy picked up speed someone grabbed my hand and wrapped it around his cock. The fun had started!
Apart from the grunting noises that the guys were making, the little squeaks that came from me every time the guy in my pussy went deep and the occasional rattle that the bed was making the room was silent.
The guy in my pussy came first and I was surprised at how quickly he was replaced. The next cock in me was considerably larger and its' owner was far more energetic. Soon my little squeaks were replaced by gasps and the occasional swear word. I could feel that my tits were bouncing back and forth quite violently. I felt a load hit my chest as the guy in my hand came and quickly after that I had the wonderfully warm feeling of a cock pulsing in my mouth. These two guys were also quickly replaced.
It wasn't long before the guy in my pussy stopped dead and I felt the warm spurts of his orgasm. When I finished the next two guys I was picked up and carried to an armchair. I had done this enough times to know my role and I quickly got up and bent over to grab the arm of the chair. Before I even had time to part my legs I felt a cock against my ass. I realized right then that I didn't have a choice as to whether the guy took my pussy or my ass. Thankfully he chose my pussy but I knew that at some point it would be the other.
This guy was pretty frantic and I could feel my breasts slapping against the arm of the chair. It wasn't painful but it wasn't comfortable either. That issue was solved when someone grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. As I gasped a cock was shoved into my mouth. The pounding from behind me was pushing me onto the cock in my mouth and I was finding it difficult to do either guy justice. It wasn't long before I felt another hand slapping my boobs as they swung wildly beneath me. This whole situation soon got painful and I prayed that at least the guy in my mouth would come soon.
I felt the guy going at my face suddenly pull out and shoot his load over my forehead and nose. I tried to ignore the tit slapping and concentrate on getting the guy in my pussy off quickly. He had plenty of stamina but eventually he came and I collapsed to my knees.
By my count I had already satisfied eight guys and we couldn't have been more than half an hour in. I didn't have more than a few seconds to reflect as I was again picked up and thrown back onto the bed.
Before I had a chance to gather myself my feet were up around my shoulders and I was being fucked very forcefully. Apart from the fact that the position wasn't the most comfortable I have to admit that I loved the feeling of being taken hard and the fact that I could feel his balls crashing against my ass only emphasized my position.
When he finished and pulled out two guys stepped up and held my legs wide apart. I got up onto my elbows to see what was coming next. My eyes must have bulged out of my head when I saw the son with the enormous cock walking towards me. It was sticking straight out and swinging from side to side as he walked towards me. I noticed at that point that his balls were made to scale as well. My feelings at this moment were part admiration, part anticipation but mostly fear. I couldn't go anywhere because of the two guys holding my legs and so I just fell onto my back and waited.
He started by rubbing the head of his cock up and down on my slit. I knew that it would be easier on me if I could relax and I wished that I'd had a couple of drinks before we started. None of that mattered now. I knew that it would hurt at first but surely after a while it would be pure pleasure.
All hell broke loose when I heard the obese woman yell "Rip that little white pussy."
He split me with force and the pain was so intense that I screamed and screamed for several minutes. The guys had let go of my feet and I tried to wrap my legs around his torso simply to try to open my pussy as wide as I could.
The black female audience was in full voice too and I heard someone yell something about "screaming like a stuck pig".
I tried to push him away from me but my efforts just allowed him to push further in. Someone grabbed my hands and held them down on the bed over my head. As if I wasn't in enough pain it suddenly increased twofold as a guy grabbed one of my boobs and squeezed hard. I tried to yell for them to stop but before I could make a sound something was pushed into my mouth. I just hoped that it wasn't someone's underwear.
Next the boob slapping began and I soon realized that tears were streaming from my eyes. The audience was loving it and the noise was incredible. I had lost track of how long the guy had been pounding me and then I suddenly could only hear muted voices. I could vaguely feel the guy still slamming me but oddly enough it no longer hurt.
Then it all stopped.
"You fainted honey."
I looked up to see Marcus' face in front of me. He had a cold damp cloth and he was tenderly wiping my brow.
"You're fine. You just fainted that's all."
I became aware of how sore my boobs were and then I felt cum dribbling out of my vagina. I didn't feel very ladylike.
Then it all turned rather strange. I felt someone gently cleaning my pussy with something very soft. I knew that the evening still had a long way to go but what happened next had to be the strangest thing that I had experienced so far. When my pussy had been cleaned up I felt someone's breath on it and then a tongue. Marcus was still mopping my brow and the tongue on my pussy had started to feel wonderful. It was so soft and tender and I soon felt my hips moving involuntarily. I could hear my own heavy breathing and the soreness in my boobs seemed to dissipate as my nipples hardened.
I waved Marcus away and raised my head to see who the expert pussy licker was. A gasp evidenced my surprise and I blinked several times to make sure that I wasn't dreaming. The obese black women looked up at me and smiled. Then she carried on tonguing my clitoris. The situation seemed so unreal but I was quite happy to lay there and take it. My feelings intensified and my hips started to corkscrew in time to the movement of her tongue. I could vaguely hear someone yelling "Oh fuck, don't stop. Don't stop."
I felt a shudder of intense pleasure stampede through my body and suddenly it was over. She smiled and blew me a kiss as she turned and disappeared into the darkness. Was it a thank you for letting her son fuck me to the point where I fainted? Was it an apology? Perhaps tonguing another woman was her thing. Whatever it was I felt invigorated again and ready to start over.
The spotlight that highlighted the bed that I was on snapped off and a new spotlight over a different bed came on. Lying on that bed was a guy playing with his erection. I knew immediately that I had to have it. I rolled off of the bed and almost ran to the other one.
If I had any inhibitions at all they were not evident right now. I climbed up onto the bed and got myself in position to lower myself onto his cock. My vagina had loosened up considerably and I had no problem taking him. Before I knew what was happening I found myself vigorously bouncing up and down on his tool. I could feel my tits flying around and wondered if the people watching were enjoying the show. Truth be told, I couldn't wait to see the video myself and was determined to make it one that showed that I had no limits.
My limits were tested by the next guy as he eased his meat into my anus. As I felt the head of his cock clear my entrance I smiled and yelled "Oh god yes!"
Another guy presented himself in front of me and I gladly took him into my mouth. I knew that Darby recorded all of the sexual exploits of the white women that he had enticed into his circle and I decided that this, and any other video that I was in, was going to be something that I could look at in my senior years and say "I'm so glad I did that." My motto had indeed become "regret the things you didn't do, not the things you did".
The next couple of hours were spent with black cocks in every hole in all sorts of positions. I was still eager to take more as the evening wound down. Soon there remained only the swing to experience. In a moment when I didn't have a cock inside of me I made my way over to it. I was lifted onto it and Marcus was the first guy to present himself. At this point my pussy was so loose that I could have probably taken a fire hose without pain so the fact that Marcus and his mighty cock stood between my legs wasn't a big deal at all.
He slid himself inside of me and started to thrust. His movement got the swing moving and in no time he was balls deep on every thrust of his hips. I was slamming into him and, every time I did, I couldn't stop myself squealing or grunting. Several guys later the slamming got painful and I called a halt to proceedings. I was surprised that nobody objected but I learned later that I had basically been fucked for at least five hours straight.
I was picked up again and thrown onto a bed. Before I had a chance to gather myself I felt my ankles being grabbed and pushed up high. My knees were level with my boobs and I knew that it was only moments before I would experience the gorgeous feeling of a penis slipping into my pussy. He fumbled a little and I reached down to help him enter me. Once he was inside me my feet rested against his shoulders and I took a moment to look at him. He was beautifully muscular and his cock felt divine as it glided slowly in and out of me. He started to increase his pace little by little and I felt sure that I would orgasm soon. His pace continued to increase and I became amazed at how powerfully he was thrusting without hurting me.
He had been inside me for about ten minutes when I orgasmed. He smiled to acknowledge my orgasm but didn't slow down at all. If anything his pace increased even further and I quickly experienced two mini orgasms. When I opened my eyes I saw that he was bathed in sweat and his beautiful muscular brown body was magnificent.
The thrusting continued at an amazing pace and I could feel the wonderful shudder of an orgasm run through my body. I have no idea how long he kept going but my third full on orgasm coincided with his own. He slipped out of me and gently lowered my legs back onto the bed.
As he turned away I knew that I had to find out his name and where I could find him again. He was magnificent.
I realized that I too was bathed in sweat and my vagina was indeed a dripping, gaping hole. I sat on the edge of the bed for a few minutes until someone flicked a switch and all of the lights in the hall came on. The guys had all disappeared and the women, the mothers, wives and significant others, were milling around talking to each other. I had to walk though the throng to get to the elevator to go back up to Darby's apartment. I was nervous to do so but was surprised at the reaction I got.
Many of the women offered me their men "any time I wanted it". Others gave me high fives and hugs. I was very conscious of the fact that I was still naked and they were all fully clothed.
The biggest surprise was the obese woman who not only offered me her son "on demand" but also suggested that she would be happy to lick me out any time I needed it. I promised her that I would take her up on both offers.
When I got up to Darby's apartment he was waiting for me in the living room.
"How are you feeling?" he asked.
"Exhausted but satisfied." I answered.
"I've lost track of my days but I figure you have only one day of your sentence left to serve. You haven't objected to anything at all this week and I am very pleased with you. I have decided that you can choose to do what you want to on your last day. Any idea what you might like?"
"I think so. Your staff have been very good to me this week. You sent Kim to fetch me this morning and he mentioned that you sometimes allow them to have parties. I think that I'd like to spend tomorrow partying with them. I probably won't be back here for a few months. I'm exhausted and I want to spend some time with my husband just doing married things." I explained.
"No problem. I'll send an email to all of the hotel staff and let them know that you are available tomorrow. Now, let's go to bed. I think we both need some sleep.