[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Holly-Cam
Part-8
(A short recap from Part-7)
Lana decided to spend that night with her mommy and daddy (gee, what a surprise!) so Holly and I took an Uber back to the bungalow. In the backseat, I checked my phone for missed calls or messages, and found one from my boss with further details about Saturday's meeting, and one from Joe and Sandy back in Florida.
"Well, that's interesting," I laughed after reading Joe's e-mail. "Joe says that he and Sandy are flying out here to join us. They're going to land Thursday morning, and are wondering if there's vacancy at whatever hotel we're staying at."
Holly laughed, and said, "You meanThe Bisex Bungalow? I think we can accommodate them."
"Wait! Are you saying that Joe's bisexual?" I said.
"No personal experience," Holly answered, "but that's what Sandy says."
"Holy crap!" I said. "I'd never have guessed." Then another thought struck me. "I wonder how quickly that clinic can get a blood test rushed through for them. I'd hate to have to leave them behind when we go to the swingers club get together Thursday night."
Part-8:
Without Lana there with us, Holly and I almost felt like empty-nesters in the bungalow, and we used the time to make warm, tender love to each other. It was actually a nice departure from the hot and heavy sex we'd been experiencing.
Afterward, we took a walk on the beach. Holly was topless with her sarong around her waist, and I was commando under a wrap-around towel that had a convenient tie to keep it from falling off while I walked.
We walked hand-in-hand in the moonlight, and as the water lapped at our bare feet, Holly said, "This past couple of weeks certainly has changed things, hasn't it?"
"More than I would ever have imagined!" I replied. "And you know what kind of imagination I have!"
She chuckled, but didn't make any reply. I had the feeling she was thinking about something.
After a dozen or so paces along the sand, she said, "Ted, I want to ask you something, and I promise that I'll be okay with the truth, no matter what it is." She paused a moment, and then asked, "Have you ever made it with another woman since we've been married?"
"You mean cheated on you? Nope," I answered without hesitation. "Well, not until you invited me to screw Lana, right in front of you," I added. "But I don't think that counts as cheating."
I went on, "Your love, your trust, your respect arewaymore important to me than getting my rocks off." I showed her my right and, and said, "This is the only mistress I've ever had since we starteddating, much less since we've been married."
She gave me a big smile, kissed me as we walked, and then said, "I love you, baby! I never actually suspected you of cheating, by the way, but I guess I just had to know for sure. With you traveling so much, you would certainly have had the opportunity."
"I get it," I said. "No offense taken." Then I added, "Same question to you. With me being gone, you had the same opportunities."
"Never," she answered. "I never even kissed another person until your Holly-cam shenanigans started things with Sandy."
I laughed as I repeated, "MyHolly-cam shenanigans. I'm not sure whether that's giving me credit or blame for all of this."
"Oh, it's credit!" she said with a smile. "I'm pretty happy with how things have turned out." There was another thoughtful pause, and then she asked, "So, didyouever suspectmeof cheating?"
"Suspectyou?" I repeated. "No; not even for a moment.Fantasizedmaybe, but notsuspected."
"Youfantasizedabout me cheating on you?" she said. "That's a little weird, isn't it?"
"Not really," I said. "Lots of guys have jerk-off fantasies about watching their hot, sexy wives getting wantonly screwed by some young stud."
"Really?" she said, obviously intrigued. "And who did you imagine me getting screwed by?"
"I don't know," I answered. "They were always strangers."
"You jerked off while fantasizing about me getting fucked by some total stranger?" she said. "And you have more than one of these fantasies?" she added.
"It's like watching my own private porn movie in my head but with you as the star," I replied.
"Tell me one," she said with a lilt in her voice that told me that she was finding this arousing.
I thought for a few moments, and then said, "There's one where I have you screwing the pizza delivery guy."
"I didn't have enough cash for a regular tip?" she said with a chuckle.
"No. You were horny as hell, and decided to see what being a slut wife would be like," I answered.
"Oh, I can't wait to hear this!" she said with a wide smile.
"Okay, so I'm off on one of my trips, and you're home alone and you start feeling kind of frisky," I began. "You decide to order in a pizza, and put a porn video on the TV in the living room, and spend some leisurely quality time with your dildo.
"So, you're flipping through the preview clips of the porn, and all those little teasers of hot, sexy men and women fucking and sucking have you pretty horny. You toss off your robe, and are sitting, bare-ass naked, on the edge of the sofa with the remote in one hand, and your other hand gently teasing your pussy lips.
"On the screen, you're watching a gorgeous black girl with a bubble-butt getting fucked from behind while she has her face buried in the pussy of a big titted white woman. You're just pressing your finger into your wet cunt-hole when the doorbell rings, and you jump about a foot. In your horny state, you had forgotten all about the pizza.
"You jab the pause button on the remote, and scramble to find your robe. It's that light one that's just long enough to cover your ass, and you're tying the sash around your waist as you head for the door.
"You open the door, and here's this tall, handsome young college student holding one of those insulated pizza delivery boxes. You can't help but notice as his eyes travel up and down your barely-covered body, and you see a wicked smile spread across his face. His look makes your already-wet pussy tingle even more.
"'Come in. Let me get my purse,' you tell him. You walk away, giving your ass a little extra sway, and you secretly give a little tug to the front of your robe to expose a little more of your tits to him when you turn back around. As you get your wallet out of your purse on the kitchen island, you look up, and notice that the TV—with the hot, bisexual, interracial three-way frozen on the screen—is perfectly reflected in the kitchen window.
"You turn and see that he is staring at the window. Then his gaze shifts, and you know that he's looking at the big rubber cock that you left sitting on the end table.
"His eyes go to your chest and your mostly-exposed tits, and then they meet yours. As he walks toward you with the pizza, he says, 'Where would you like it?'"
"You're eyes flick down and you notice the bulge in his pants. You smile to yourself at the effect you're having on him, and you move your shoulders, trying to get the robe to gap open even more.
"'Um, right here on the island, I guess,' you answer his obviousdouble-entendrequestion.
"You're standing right next to him as he sets the delivery box down, pulls out the pizza and flips the box open to show you the steaming extra-sauce pizza you ordered.
"'Is there anything else I can do for you, while I'm here, ma'am?' he asks as he turns toward you, takes another obvious look at your tits.
"You lift your eyes from an equally obvious look at the bulge of his dick in his pant leg, and when you bring your eyes up to meet his, you say in one of those cheesy porn-movie lines, 'It's awfully big. Would you mind sticking around, and sharing it with me?"
"He smiles that wicked smile, again, but before he can answer, you take his head in your hands, pull him close, and give him a wet, sensuous kiss to make sure he has gotten your meaning.
"Your own horny forwardness surprises you, but not as much as his reaction.
"He puts a strong hand on the back of your head, and presses your face tightly against his, taking your sensuous kiss and turning it into an aggressive mashing of lips and tongues that ends up with him biting hard on your lower lip.
"But you make no attempt to pull away, and he knows he hasn't misread you.
"Suddenly, he breaks the intense kiss, spins you around toward the counter, grabs the shoulders of your robe, and pulls it down your back, pinning your arms behind you and exposing your gorgeous tits with their fat, puffy nipples.
"With the sash tied around your waist, your bunched up robe has your hands restrained behind you. You could probably pull your arms free if you wanted to, but you don't even try, and he presses his body up against yours, shoving you against the counter.
"You can feel the bulge of his hard cock against your leg as he reaches around you and takes your full naked tits in his hands. He mashes and squeezes them hard, and then pinches and pulls on your aroused, puffed-up nipples.
"The tone of your moaning tells him what he wants to know, and he leans over and bites down on your ear. He growls between his teeth, 'Oh, yeah, you like it rough, don't you lady? Well, let's see what you can take!'"
"He releases your ear, puts his weight against you, holding you against the counter, and with two strong hands on your back, he forces you over forward at the waist, mashing your naked tits right into the steaming pizza.
"You yelp in surprise and try to lift up as the hot sauce sends pain through your tender nipples and tits, but he is stronger and more determined than you are.
"As he holds your naked tits in the burning pizza sauce he is grinding his hips into you, rubbing the fat erection that is still restrained in his pants across your ass.
"It only takes a few seconds for the surprise of having your tits mashed into the hot pizza sauce to wear off, and in your super-horny state, to be replaced by the pain/pleasure paradox. Suddenly, the burning sensation in your nipples and tits feelsgood, and your pussy begins to leak wetness in response.
"He notices that you've stopped struggling, and have even started to squirm your own body to squish your tits into the wonderfully-burning sauce, and he relaxes his powerful hold on you, knowing it's no longer needed.
"He keeps one hand in the middle of your naked back, however, symbolically letting you know that he is in control. It is a notion that you don't even try to dispute; you love how he's "taking" you. His rough abuse has your cunt dripping wet.
"Holding you bent over with your tits mashed into the hot pizza, he backs his hips away from your ass, and you hope he's going to take out the fat cock that you had felt rubbing your leg, and shove it up your cunt.
"Instead, he flips the bottom of your rob up, fully exposing your lovely ass, and he glides his hand over the smooth curves. You spread your legs, inviting him to slide his hand between them, and at least shove afingerup your pussy if he's not ready to use his cock on you, yet.
"But then the touch of his hand disappears, and at the same instant that you realize why, the hard slap lands on your naked ass.
"You yelp in surprise, and you jump, lifting your tits out of the hot sauce. But he doesn't need to shove you back down, again; you've come to like the pain that the heat sends through your nipples and tits, and you plant them back into the sauce, yourself.
"Another stinging smack lands on your other cheek, and your squirming in the tomato sauce and wiggling of your ass only encourages your tormentor.
"Finally, you feel his hand go between your legs and then a long finger gets unceremoniously shoved up your dripping cunt-hole. He jams his fist hard against your soaked pussy, grinding his knuckles into the soft folds of tender flesh, and you spread your legs as far as you can to give him all the room he wants. You're hoping he's going to add more fingers, maybe even try to shove his whole fist up your cunt. His rough treatment has you so horny that you're pretty sure you could take it.
"But the fist and the finger suddenly disappear. The loss at your cunt has barely registered, when the hand on your back slides up your neck, and suddenly he has a fistful of your hair. He tilts your head back but he makes sure your tits stay planted in the hot sauce.
"His other hand appears at your mouth, and he growls, 'Open up! Open your mouth and suck your cunt juice!"
"You oblige, and hungrily suck on the finger like it's a small dick, savoring the taste of your own cunt.
"He begins to finger-fuck your mouth, almost punching you with each plunge, but you suck even harder, welcoming the forceful treatment.
"'You really like the rough shit, don't you lady?' she snarls while pulling your hair and jabbing his finer in your mouth.
"All you can manage is a mumbled 'Mmm!' with your lips clamped around his finger.
"Suddenly, an idea occurs to him, and the finger is pulled from your sucking mouth with apop!
"You watch him push his long finger into the pizza, coating it and half his fist with hot tomato sauce. You open your mouth wide, but that's not what he has in mind.
"A moment later, you feel his fist back between your legs, and then the burn of the hot sauce being smeared through your tender pussy lips and up into your cunt-hole.
"You suck in your breath at the sudden pain of the heat against the sensitive flesh, but almost instantly, your fevered brain converts it to a pleasure unlike anything your pussy has ever experienced.
"The temperature of the little bit of sauce dissipates quickly, though, and as you come down from the all-too-brief pain/pleasure high, you're hoping he will repeat the nasty abuse of your pussy.
"But as the pain from the heat fades, a different feeling begins to build. It starts slowly, almost as a tingle, but very soon, the tender flesh of your pussy lips and the first inch of your cunt are on fire from the spices in the sauce.
"Again, you suck in your breath, and then groan, 'Oh, fuck!' as you pull your legs together, involuntarily trying to rub away the searing pain. But it is such a new and glorious pain that you really don'twantit to stop.
"He laughs as he kicks your feet back apart, and says, 'Oh fuck, is right, lady! That's what I'm going to do to your sloppy cunt, right now!'
"'Oh, God, yes!' you plead. 'Fuck me! Shove your fat cock up my burning cunt! Fuck the shit out of me!'
"Seconds later, you hear his pants hit the floor, and get kicked aside. A second after that, you feel the knob of his fat cock against your burning pussy lips, and it is immediately shoved up your cunt so hard that it nearly lifts you off the floor.
"The instant stretch of your cunt causes you to cry out, 'Oh, fuck!' again, but that pain, too, is quickly converted to pleasure, and you follow your cry with a moaned, 'Oh, God, yes!' as your entire cunt is stuffed full of this total stranger's hard cock.
"He begins forceful, hammering thrusts up your burning cunt. Every slam of his hips against your ass as his fat cock gets shoved to its full depth has your tits smearing through the pizza sauce.
"Then, with his fist still tangled into your hair he pulls your head back and the arch in your back lifts your tits free of the hot sauce.
"The clinging, sauce looses its temperature quickly, but as that sensation subsides, you begin to feel the burn of the spices on your tender, puffy nipples, and as he fucks your cunt with hard, quickening thrusts, you yell, 'Oh, God, yes! Fuck my burning cunt! Shove your hard fucking dick up my guts until I cum all over it!"
"You've never felt so much pain/pleasure in your life, nor felt so cheap and used. Your hair being pulled; the spices that have your nipples and your pussy on fire; the fat strange cock being jabbed mercilessly up your cunt all conspire to force an orgasm that seems to come from every part of your body at the same time.
"You scream, 'Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!' as your cunt explodes and pumps a river of your hot cum around the big cock that continues to slam into your gushing cunt-hole.
"You can feel your pussy juice running down your legs as you demand of him, 'Cum in me! Fill my cunt with your hot jism and put out the fucking fire you've got going up there!'
"But he has other ideas—and he's not about to be told what to do by you.
"He suddenly pulls his dick free from your dripping cunt, yanks on your hair to straighten you up, and then spins you around. You think he's going to kiss you, and you open your mouth, ready and hungry for what you know will be an aggressive tangling of lips and tongues.
"But he surprises you—and disappoints you—again.
"With your hands still held behind your back by your bunched and twisted robe, he forces you to your knees.
"It is the first time you've seen the fat cock that has just fucked your cunt to a stupendous orgasm, and you open your mouth wide. The cock-head is enormous and purple-colored, and you wonder if you'll be able to take it all when he shoves it into your mouth and forces it down your throat. You can hardly wait to find out.
"But again, he frustrates you.
"'Maybe next time I come by and fuck your hot cunt I'll let you suck my cock,' he sneers down at you. 'Today I'm going to blow my big load of hot cum all over that pretty face!'
"With one strong hand gripping your hair and holding you right where he wants you, he begins jerking off his stiff dick, inches from your face. You leave your mouth wide open hungering for the first blast of his thick, hot jism.
"In less than half a minute, he begins to make loud groans as his fist flies up and down his fat cock, slick with the juices from your well-fucked cunt. The sight, the sounds, and even the smell of this handsome stranger jerking off his wonderful cock right in your face has the juice running from your pussy, again.
"Suddenly, the fat purple head seems to bulge, and you see a jet of thick cum burst from its pee hole. It goes straight into your open mouth, but you don't close so you can taste it; you want more; you want him to jerk off every drop of his cum into your mouth. You'll then show him the big pool of his spunk, and let him watch you swallow it.
"But again, your desires are not to be.
"He continues jerking off in your face, and rope after rope of his hot jism erupts from the fat cock-head, but he moves his big dick all around, painting your face with his thick cum.
"You are amazed at how much cum keeps squirting from his dick, and your face is soon dripping with the sticky goo.
"You recognize from his slower, shorter strokes that he is getting near the end, and you reopen your mouth hoping he will let you suck on that fat cock-head to clean him off.
"But no. He squeezes the last few drops from his big purple knob, and shakes them onto your nose.
"He finally lets go of your hair, and prying your eyes open under the strings of cum he has shot across them, you're able see his legs in front of you. You can hear him taking huge gulps of air to catch his breath, and he staggers back a bit on shaky legs, and then stops to get his balance. You know he has just treated you like an impersonal fuck-toy, but it still makes you feel a bit proud that it was you who gave him such an intense orgasm that he can hardly walk.
"Still on your knees with your hands behind your back, you lap at whatever cum you can reach with your tongue as you get your eyes open farther, and watch him pull his pants back on.
"He picks up the insulated delivery box, and then checks his phone, probably to see if he has another delivery scheduled. You wonder how many customers he ends up fucking the way he has just fucked you. You'd like to think your special, but probably not.
"Then he turns the phone for you to see, and you're looking at a video of his fat cock spurting rope after rope of thick cum all over your face. After he finishes off on your nose, the shot zooms back to show your whole naked body, kneeling on the kitchen floor, with sauce-covered tits and his hot spunk running off your chin. The shot then zooms in on your pussy, showing the pizza sauce still smeared through its lips, and the glistening wetness of the pussy juice that has run down your legs.
"At first you are horrified that he is going to show the video—which clearly shows your face—to his buddies. Then it occurs to you that he will likely even post it somewhere on the Internet! But then the exhibitionist part of your still-aroused brain kicks in and the thought of young men with their stiff dicks in their hands jerking off while watching your face get painted with cum makes your pussy start to leak, again.
"He drops the phone in his pocket, and heads for the door. Without looking back at you, he says, 'Be sure to ask for Jerry the next time you want a pizza delivered.' He then adds with a laugh, 'And get jalapenos on it. I'll bet you'd really love that!

"'Hey! Aren't you going you untie me?' you call to him as he reaches the door.
"He looks back at you and smiles at his handiwork. He takes out his phone again, zooms in to fill the screen with your sauce-smeared tits and your cum-dripping face, and snaps. 'I think I'll make that my screen-saver,' he laughs. 'And no, I'm not going to untie you. Maybe your hubby should find you just like that so he'll know what kind of a cock-hungry slut-wife he's married to.'
"Holy shit!" Holly finally interrupted my narrative. "That is one hot fucking fantasy you've got there!" She then guided my hand through the slit in her sarong and pushed it against her pussy.
It was drenched, and as I gently slid my fingers around in the warm juice, she said, "You should write that down and send it into thePorn-eroticawebsite where they have all those dirty stories."
"Literotica," I corrected her. "Maybe I will."
I retracted my hand from between her legs, and put my fingers in my mouth. After a long, thoughtful suck, I said, "Hmm. Needs more basil, I think."
She laughed, and fished her hand inside my towel, wrapping her hand around my swollen cock. "I think it could use some sausage," she replied.
She withdrew her hand from my dick, and in two seconds she had my towel untied, pulled off, and tossed up onto the dry sand. Another two seconds and her sarong was off and on top of my towel.
Naked in the moonlight, she pressed her glorious body to mine, and gave me a hard, passionate kiss. My hard cock slipped between her legs, and she gyrated her hips to get it to grind against her wet pussy.
After a steaming half minute, she broke the kiss, and said, in no uncertain terms, "I need you to fuck me, baby!" With her naked body still pressed to mine, she began walking me backwards into the gently rolling waves.
When we were about waist deep, I dropped to my knees against the sandy bottom, and holding her tightly, she went down with me. The gentle swells rolled past us, taking us from neck-deep in the water to where her naked, dripping tits were exposed to the cool air and moonlight.
Below the surface, she took hold of my stiff cock and guided it between her legs. She lifted her knees from the sand, wrapped her legs around my hips, and in the near-weightlessness of the water, she pulled her body to mine, impaling her pussy onto my raging hard-on.
With my cock buried its full length up her glorious cunt, we held each other tightly, and let the roll of the waves bob us gently up and down.
We kissed passionately, and the rocking of the waves caused just enough movement between us that my cock moved continuously inside Holly's pussy in the most subtle fuck that either of us had ever experienced.
Somehow, that tiny, gentle, weightless motion between my swollen dick and the silky, hugging walls of her cunt seemed to be every bit as arousing as any vigorous, energetic fuck we had ever had.
Pouring all of our energy into the hot, open-mouth, tongue-sucking, lip-biting kiss that we were sharing, we let the ocean do our fucking down below.
After the arousal from my slut-wife-fantasy story it didn't take too long for Holly to whisper into my mouth, "Oh, God, baby! I'm going to cum! Fuck, that feels so nice!"
Her body stiffened, and she increased the tightness of our body hug as her pussy began to erupt. I felt her cunt tightenitshug around my cock, and that was all the trigger that I needed.
As we rocked gently in the waves, with our mouths still hungrily kissing, my dick began to pump its sperm deep inside Holly's gripping cunt.
The movement between cock and pussy was so subtle that it almost felt like one of my hands-free orgasms, only with every square inch of my pulsing cock being squeezed all at once. The feeling was glorious!
***
The next morning, while Holly and I were having breakfast on the lanai, Lana showed up.
"So, how wasyournight?" I asked her as she sat down. "We had the most awesome moonlight fuck in the ocean."
"I'm sorry I missed that," she said. She then paused a moment, and corrected, "No I'm not. I had the most wonderful night with my mom and dad! I wish we had been able to open up with each other that way, years ago." She looked at the two of us, and with a big smile, she added. "And I have you guys to thank for it. Without the two of youexpanding my horizons, I don't think we ever would have broached that subject."
"I'm glad we could be of service," I replied.
"Believe me; meeting you has expandedourhorizons, too!" Holly added. "We've done things, and eventalkedabout things that would probably have stayed repressed forever, if not for you having accidentally seen that Holly-cam video at work."
"Best accidentI'veever had!" she agreed.
***
Half an hour later, we were all leaving for the airport to pick up Sandy and Joe. Lana had borrowed her folk's big SUV to avoid trying to find an Uber big enough for all of us plus luggage.
After introductions, and hugs and kisses at the arrivals gate, we were all off to the clinic so Sandy and Joe could get their blood tests. As Lana drove, I explained to them about the swingers club and its monthly get together that we had all been invited to. They were very much on board!
We went back to the bungalow to drop off the luggage and let Sandy and Joe freshen up, and then Lana took us all to a big "adult superstore."
It had everything an open minded adult could want, from porn DVDs to dildos, from nipple clamps to butt plugs, and from video-viewing booths where one could jerk off in private, to a small adult theater where, apparently, public sex was not only welcome, but encouraged.
But Lana had brought us there on a mission ... well, the women, anyway. As Joe and I looked around the rest of the store, the women went into the naughty-lingerie section.
As we looked at a display of every size, shape, and color of strap-on dildos, I asked Joe, "So, did you know that Sandy was bi before she invited you to be on Holly-cam with the two of them?"
"She had told me about her college days," he answered, "but as far as I know, she wasn'tpracticinguntil Holly stirred things up. Which is certainly not a complaint, mind you. Our sex life has been better than ever before. And I guess I have you and your voyeur perversion to thank for that, huh?"
"You're welcome," I replied with a small laugh. "Holly discovering that camera and talking to Sandy about it has blown the sides, top, and bottom off our sex life, too. Two weeks ago, I could never have imagined going to a swingers club with her. So, I guess I owe Sandy a thank-you, too."
"So, let me ask you this," he said. "Would you have been okay with it if I had screwed Holly in that video?"
"Screwed Holly?" I repeated. I gestured at all the adult paraphernalia that surrounded us, and said, "You're among friends here; surely you can find more descriptive language than that."
He laughed, and said, "Would you have been okay if I had shoved my stiff cock up your beautiful wife's cunt, and fucked her silly while you watched and jerked off?"
"That'smore like it!" I said with a chuckle of my own. "She and I actually talked about that, and I'm glad you didn't. Not because I'd be jealous or anything, but because I want to be there to watch it in person. I don't know about you with Sandy, but I have more than one fantasy that I jerk off to where Holly gets fucked by some stranger."
"Oh, yeah! Me, too!" he replied.
"So, I have a favor to ask on that subject," I went on. "I do want to watch you fuck my wife; I think that would be hot—and she's looking forward to that, too, by the way—but I'd kind of like to see her do it with a stranger, first. I think it would really feed that slut-wife fantasy I have."
"See her do it with a stranger?" he repeated. "Surely, you can describe your perverted jerk-off dream better than that."
I smiled, and said, "I want to see my gorgeous wife getting her tits and ass groped by some guy whose name she doesn't even know; I want to see him push her to her knees and make her suck his fat cock while it sticks out of his pants; and then I want to watch him shove his dick up her cunt and fuck her into a slut-wife frenzy."
"Nice visual!" he said with a grin. "You going to clean her up, when he's done filling her pussy with his cum?"
The question surprised me a bit, and it must have registered on my face.
"Holly sent Sandy the video of you and Lana's dad," he said. "Holly was all excited about you trying bi ... and liking it."
"Video?" I repeated.
He took out his phone and after a few seconds of swipes and taps, he handed it to me. There I was, chest-deep in bubbling water with Kanoa's fat cock between my lips—obviously sucking—while a petite hand flew up and down the length of the dick.
It was interesting—and hot—to watch my first-ever blowjob from my wife's perspective.
I could clearly see when the big cock shot its first jet of cum into my throat (I didn't realize I had flinched so much), then my quickly-regretted swallow, followed by me holding my lips clamped over that spongy cock-head as Lana jerked off her dad's pulsing dick into my mouth. The clip kept going until Lana and I had finished swapping my mouthful of cum.
"I didn't even know she was filming," I said as I handed the phone back.
"Yeah," he said with a chuckle, "you seemed a bit preoccupied." He dropped the phone in his pocket, and asked, "So, what was that like? Feeling him blow his load into your mouth? Did it taste like your own cum?"
I looked at him a little curiously, and replied, "Holly said that Sandy told her that you were bi, too; that's not true?" I wondered if that might have been aneverybody-else-is-doing-itfib by Holly to get me to try bi.
"Technically, I guess I am," he answered. "But I only ever sucked a dick once, a long time ago, and I didn't let him cum in my mouth—which I'm a little disappointed about, now."
So, the claim of Joe's bisexuality wasn't afib, but anexaggeration; probably by Sandy, but for the same everybody-into-the-pool reason.
Joe went on, "My cousin and I used to jerk off pouring through his dad's collection of skin magazines—this was in the days before the Internet was flooded with porn—and before either of us had managed to get laid, yet.
"After a while, we took to jerking each other off, and then eventually we agreed to anI'll-suck-yours-if-you-suck-minedeal.
"I was pretty okay with it—I mean, it was sex with someone besides myself—but he thought it was gross and something that only a girl should do to a guy. He got a girlfriend who would put out for him shortly after that, and the opportunity never presented itself, again."
"In answer to your question," I began in reply, "I have to admit that I wasn't real sure about sucking a dick, but Holly—and all the others—managed to coerce me into it. Iwassure that I wasn't going to let him shoot off in my mouth, though.
"But the feeling of his spongy cock-head popping in and out of my lips; the feel of my tongue sliding over that little cleft underneath it; the taste of his pre-cum; and even when he poked that fat head into my throat when I told him to fuck my mouth all changed my mind. Suddenly, I couldn't wait to feel his hot jism fill my mouth; to taste a load of fresh cum right from the dick."
"Fuck!" Joe said quietly as he pushed down on the bulge in his pants. "So, did it taste like your own cum when you eat Holly's cream pie?"
"Not really," I answered. "Similar, but not the same. I did like it, though. And I'm looking forward to trying more, tonight."
"Man, I don't know if I'm going to be able to wait 'til tonight!" he said, as he rubbed his bulge. "I may need to go use one of those booths!"
"Hold off if you possibly can, buddy," I told him. "Let your load build up so whoever gets it—whether that's me or somebody else—gets a good big mouthful."
A couple minutes later, the women joined us, each carrying a bag with the store's logo emblazoned on the side.
"Do we get to see what you bought?" Joe asked.
"Not until tonight at the club," Sandy answered. "But we're sure you'll approve."
***
Driving her folk's car, Lana was able to use their reserved parking spot just outside the back door to the restaurant, and we walked in through the mostly-closed kitchen. Only the warming tables near the front were in operation, keeping the appetizers hot.
Lana had explained that there was a happy-hour mixer before things got started, and the three women wore tasteful eveningwear covering whatever x-rated lingerie they had picked out at the superstore. Joe and I wore smart-casual shirts and pants, commando style, of course. I wore black slacks, but Joe had on khakis. He'll learn.
I had wondered how a restaurant full of booths and tables was going to work for a swingers get together, but now I knew. All of the booths were still there, of course—they were attached to the walls. But most of the tables and chairs had been moved out, and replaced with scattered sofas and comfortable looking easy chairs. It reminded me of a furniture showroom. I would find out later that one of the club members owned a used-furniture warehouse, and temporarily supplied the pieces each month.
We made our way across the room to the front entrance, and met Kanoa and Kalani where they were welcoming everyone.
We introduced Sandy and Joe, and Kalani said to Sandy as she gave her a hug, "Oh, I'm so pleased to meet you! Holly told me that it was your open-minded wisdom that has ultimately brought us all together, here ... and probably saved Holly and Ted from divorcing over his Holly-cam." She gave an obvious look at Sandy's pushed up, ample cleavage, and added, "I can't wait to get to know you better!"
Kalani wore a loose skirt that sat low around her hips, and went to the floor. Her midriff was bare, showing off her nearly-six-pack flat belly, and she wore a halter top that lifted and pointed her big breasts in the best Jane Russell manner from an old '40s movie.
She was a knock-out, and I wondered if I would have the chance to make it with her before the night was out. With our relationship with Lana it would almost be like fucking my girlfriend's mother. That had a very hot taboo aspect to it, and the thought had my dick growing already.
"So, are there any club rules that we need to be aware of?" I asked Kanoa.
"Just normal civility," he answered. "Be respectful; introduce yourselves; ask before joining in with someone; and, of course, no means no."
"Simple enough," I replied.
I looked around the room at the dozen and a half people who were all mingling in couples and small groups. It was a pretty good cross section of America, from young to mature, and just about any ethnicity you could think of.
A handsome Hawaiian waiter in loincloth attire appeared with a variety of drinks, and we all chose one. Kanoa raised his glass, and toasted, "To new beginnings!" He looked at Lana, and added, "We're so glad that you're able to join us here, sweetheart! And not as hired help, finally!"
We all clinked, and sipped, and I added, "And we're so glad that you invited us. This whole past couple of weeks has beenpackedwith new beginnings."
"So, is Lana they onlysecond-generationmember in your group?" Holly asked wondering if incestuous behavior was common among the members.
"No, actually," Kanoa answered. He pointed and said, "See the couple standing with the two youngsters? That's Ian and Sylvia, and their son Bobby with his wife Kim."
In one of those sixth-sense things, Sylvia turned to look at us just as Kanoa was saying her name. He waved for them to come over.
As they walked across the room, Holly whispered in my ear, "I wonder if Bobby wants a job delivering pizza."
I smiled, and replied, "I was thinking the same thing!"
Introductions were made and hugs were shared.
I would have put Ian and Sylvia in their mid fifties. And they were both attractive and in very good physical shape for that age. He had broad shoulders, a narrow waist, and a good head of wavy graying hair. She was trim, if not exactly slender, with a well-defined round ass under her slacks, and a prominently displayed set of large tits barely covered by her half-unbuttoned blouse. The couple's sexy attractiveness was even more impressive when we learned that each of them had celebrated their sixty-second birthdays this year! I sure hope that Holly and I hold up that well!
Bobby had recently turned twenty-one—the minimum age for the club—and had been a surprise gift, conceived when Sylvia and Ian were on a cruise celebrating her birthday one year. He was good looking and had the fit-but-not-muscular athletic body of a swimmer under his shorts and Hawaiian shirt.
Kim looked more like she should be his kid sister than his wife. She had delicate facial features, and a petite body that included small-ish tits (quite obviously braless), narrow hips, and a cute bubble-butt. She wore her dirty-blond hair in a pixie cut that gave her a very sexy impish look. Guessing her age, I would have put her at barely eighteen. In fact, she was a yearolderthan her husband. If anyone had a schoolgirl fetish, this was the woman they would want to meet. With a white uniform-blouse and a plaid skirt, she would be positively coquettish!
Tonight, she was wearing a halter top of slightly see-through material that teasingly revealed her dark nipples. The top had one narrow strap around her neck and one more across her back. It looked a lot like a bikini top. Below, she wore snug-fitting shorts that hugged her round ass cheeks and tucked tightly up into her crack.
After the introductory small talk, Holly surprised me by jumping in with both feet and bluntly asking Kim, "So, do you share your husband with newcomers?"
Kim gave Holly a playful grin, and said, "Especiallynewcomers. We want everyone to feel welcome, you know. And Mom and Dad, here, have taught mesomuch about sharing."
She then went on to entertain us with the erotic story of how she had been brought into the taboo folds of the already-incestuous family during a vacation to a clothing-optional Caribbean beach resort.
***
As she told it, Kim had been pretty open-minded about sex when Bobby started dating her in high school, and that had included a few hot three-ways with one of her girlfriends. She thentalked him intotrying bi, himself—not knowing that his parents had already indoctrinated him in that regard—as well as many others.
Lying naked on a lounge chair on the beach, Kim was getting lotion spread over her back by Sylvia when her also-nude mother-in-law said, "You have such a wonderful, cute little body, sweetheart. Bobby is a very lucky boy!"
"Thank you," Kim said enjoying the hands gliding over her back. "I feel pretty lucky to have him, too; and to be part of his family."
Sylvia's hands continued on past the small of Kim's back, and began rubbing the lotion over—and between—her lily-white ass cheeks. "That tan line is very sexy," Sylvia commented, "but a sunburn on your darling little bottom would be painful."
Kim was a little surprised at her mother-in-law's overt forwardness, but quickly realized that she probably shouldn't be, knowingBobby'ssexual appetite, and seeing that they were all there together at an adults-only nude resort.
"You like my ass? I think it's too small," Kim said, wondering where the conversation might go.
"Oh, yes!" Sylvia said as she went from smoothing on the lotion to kneading the globes of young flesh. "Bobby's father does, too. He just loves your darling, barely-legal look; so do I! You're a very sexy young woman."
While Sylvia spoke, her hand slid down between Kim's legs on the pretense of spreading the lotion there, and Kim spread her legs to allow easier access.
As Sylvia's fingers rubbed Kim's inner thighs—not quite touching her pussy—she extended her thumb and pressed it into the crack of her ass. She rubbed lightly against the tiny little pucker of her asshole, and said, "Bobby says you're able to take him there. His father really enjoys anal, too."
"He told you that?" Kim said. Bobby had told Kim that his folks were very open and liberal about sex—they had allowed her to spend the night in his room with him almost since they started dating—but it hadn't occurred to her that he would be telling them about what they did.
"Oh, he brags about you all the time!" Sylvia said as the side of her hand made the lightest "accidental" touch against Kim's pussy lips. "He's so proud to have you as his wife. And we think you're just wonderful, too! Not every young bride would feel comfortable at a nude resort with her in-laws."
Kim was pretty sure that she was getting a come-on from her mother-in-law, and while it surprised just a bit, it intrigued her more.
"I'm curious what else he's told you about our sex life," Kim said, guiding the conversation.
"He says that you've had a few three-ways with one of your girlfriends," Sylvia said as she shifted around and pushed both of her hands up Kim's naked back in more of a firm massage move than gentle lotion-spreading.
Her fingers extended over the sides of Kim's back and brushed the boundaries of her squashed-out tits. They continued up her back until her fingers were rubbing Kim's shoulders and her thumbs were massaging her neck.
Leaning over her daughter-in-law, Sylvia's generous tits hung down and Kim could feel their protruding nipples glide across her back.
"Myfirstsexual experience was actually with another girl," Kim said. "I'm so glad that Bobby has been able to accept that."
Sylvia chuckled, and said, "Bobby's just like his father; he's able to accept just aboutanythingwhen it comes to sex."
Sylvia continued her neck massaging and nipple-dragging for a bit, and then finally said, "I would very much like to have sex with you, sweetheart. Do you think that's too weird?"
Kim rolled over to face Sylvia. Her own small tits were facing up, and her mother-in-law's hung down and met them, nipple to nipple.
"Mom, I think you're sexy as hell!" she said as she reached up and put her hands around the dangling tits. "I love your big soft mommy-boobs! I wouldloveto make love with you! I've thought about that a lot! But I never dared to say anything—even to Bobby—because I was afraid thathe'dthink that was too weird. I wassurethatyouwould behorrifiedif you knew."
"Oh, sweetheart!" Sylvia said and leaned down to give her a passionate kiss that also mashed their tits together. She then added, "You couldn't be more wrong! I only wish we'd had this conversation a long time ago."
Although it was a nude resort, public sex was frowned upon—therewereguests there who were simply nudists, and not voyeurs or exhibitionists.
As Sylvia and Kim walked, hand in hand, back to their beach-front cabin, Kim asked, "Does dad know that you've wanted to get it on with me?"
"Get it on?" she repeated. "You mean to lick your sweet young pussy and to suck on your perky little tits? Oh, yes! He knows!" she replied. "And he does too, by the way—if that's not taking things too far for you."
"And Bobby? Does he know that his parents want to fuck his young bride?" Kim asked, sure that she already knew the answer.
"He's probably almost as excited about sharing you with us as we are," Sylvia answered. "Like I said, he brags about you all the time."
"Just curious," Kim said, "but how long have you and dad been having sex with Bobby?"
"Since his eighteenth birthday," she said. "We gave ourselves over to him as a birthday present for the whole day, and we've never regretted it."
Later, when Bobby and Ian got back from their golf outing, they found Kim and Sylvia still in bed together. The two women waited patiently—and in anticipation—while the men took a very fast shower together.
When they came back, Kim was on her knees with her face in Sylvia's pussy, and her cute naked ass up in the air.
Ian crawled up behind her, and gave her pussy a long wet kiss that included plenty of tongue. He then straightened up and rubbed the head of his engorged cock up and down through her pussy lips before leaning into her and forcing the big knob inside her tight little cunt-hole.
"Oh, sweetheart!" he said as he popped the fat head in and out several times, "You've made an old man very, very happy!"
Kim lifted her mouth from her mother-in-law's pussy, and replied, "That cock you're poking in my little pussy doesn'tfeelso old!"
She looked up to see Bobby kneeling at Sylvia's head, and feeding his hard dick into her mouth. "Oh, God!" she said, "I think I am going tolovebeing part of this family!"
Over the next couple hours the quartet enjoyed every combination of sucking tits, cocks and pussies, and fucking mouths, cunts and assholes that they could think of.
Before the week was out, the four acted out one of Ian's fantasies—of which he had plenty—involving parents returning home early and catching their babysitter getting her tits fondled and sucked by her boyfriend. The youngsters are then "punished" for their nasty transgression by being forced to have sex with each other and the parents. (Ah! The wonderfully perverted illogic of sexual fantasies!)
Although Ian, Sylvia, and Bobby had acted out many others, "The babysitter and the boyfriend" was one of Ian's fantasies that they had never been able to bring to life before, for lack of someone to play the babysitter.
***
When Kim was done with her hot taboo story I was glad that I was wearing black slacks, because my swollen dick was drooling down my leg. I looked down at Joe's crotch, and could easily see that he was having the same reaction ... just more obviously in his khaki slacks.
I could tell from the way that Holly was shifting her weight that her pussy was likely tingling and wet from the steamy story, as well.
Kim grinned, obviously knowing that she had gotten the reactions she had hoped for from all of us, and she sidled up to Holly, looped her hand through her arm, and said, "I hope you won't mind if I join in with you and my hubby."
"Oh, please do!" Holly replied and gave Kim a passionate kiss as she roamed her hand over her bare back and all the way down to and over her cute little shorts-covered ass.
When they broke the kiss, Kim motioned for her husband to join them in a hug, and as he stepped over, she looked at me, and said, "You'reokay with this, right?"
"Hell, yes!" I said as I rubbed the bulge in my pants. "It's like I'm living out one ofmyfantasies!"
Continued in part-9

Please take a moment to vote and leave a comment or suggestion!

Thank you!

Love,
Casey