I'm Lisa Lange. Life could not be better. I'm engaged to a wonderful man who will soon be an ordained minister and follow in the family evangelist's footsteps. Jason is bright and funny, and he cleaves to the bible with a ferocity. Needless to say, there has been no sex. I have explained to him that I am not a virgin. He forgave my past. I managed to land an unbelievable job/ The salary to me seems astronomical, I'm living well and loving it.
I do have a problem though, I am an exhibitionist. I cannot resist the urge to expose myself. It makes me so hot sometimes I have to masturbate after a good session. For example, I was sitting in the food court at the mall, and I noticed an older man trying to look up my skirt. I could not resist opening my legs slightly and giving him a better look. I was sure at that angle he could see my stocking tops. He nudged his buddy, and they both stared. I opened my legs a little further, feeling certain they were catching a flash of my thigh above my stockings. There was no more pretense, I was putting on a show, and they were the audience. I could see he had an erection, and that made me even hotter. Looking around, making sure no one else could see, I opened far enough to give him a good view of my panties. I don't know if he could tell they were wet. I got up quickly and headed out, checking to make sure he wasn't following me. When I was sure he wasn't, I headed for the ladies room. I barely touched myself before I had an orgasm.
The place I'm living in now has large windows and is very open and airy--a great place to walk around naked. I always took the opportunity to walk over and close the curtain while I was naked out of the shower, sure someone was getting an eye full. I heard a light knock at my door, a surprise. With the security on this property, visitors were announced.
It was a brown envelope which I opened slowly. It contained photos, must have been a hundred of them, all of me in various stages of exposure. Someone had obviously been stalking me, taking those photos. After work, I went back to work worrying about those photos. No telling what would happen if Jason saw those pictures, not to mention work. They would never allow someone in my position with those kinds of pictures circulating.
I heard nothing from the picture sender. I was beginning to relax when I got another delivery. This one had my pics doing my floor exercises. I couldn't imagine how he got them, then it hit me, a drone. The problem was: It looks like I posed for the pics. I was splayed open in an obscene display. I tried not to panic. I wondered when I would get a demand. It came in the form of an email. I read it slowly, "you get married in six months, that's twenty-four weeks or one hundred sixty-eight days. In your case, that's one hundred sixty-eight blowjobs. And they only count if you swallow. If you chose to take it up the ass, it knocks off fifty. If you suck more than one guy at a time, each blowjob counts as twenty. Think it over. You have until tomorrow.
Just the thought made me sick, I ran to the bathroom and threw up. I did not sleep all night. I realized until I resolved this, I would be miserable. So, I emailed back I accept. I was given an address and told to go there and enter the lobby. It was a shabby, dumpy hotel. There were some older men sitting around and a younger guy standing in the middle of the room. His pants were unzipped, and his sizeable cock was out.
" Well, get on with it, put that mouth to work."
"Here in front of these people?" I replied.
" You like to be watched, so either do it or leave." he barked.
Working up every single ounce of courage I had, I walked over to him and knelt. He put his hand on the back of my head and began rubbing his cock in my face. Finally, I opened my mouth, and he pushed his cock in and began fucking my mouth. He was not the least bit gentle. I wasn't very good, having had minimal experience. My sloppy sucking seemed to piss him off, and he started giving directions. Suddenly, he came in my mouth, it was so disgusting I puked on the floor.
Sobbing, "please, I can't do this again."
"It's up to you only have one hundred six seven to go," he said, laughing.
'"Look, there are four older guys in here that would be twenty apiece if you do more than one. Remember, they have to cum in your mouth." he said, motioning them over.
They pulled their cocks out, surrounding me. I should have been terrified, but I was getting excited. I took the first one in my mouth and began sucking. The thought of being watched performing such an obscene act made me so hot. He quickly came in my mouth. I managed to tolerate it as I spit it out. As the second one entered my mouth, I had to touch myself, sliding my skirt up to get to my pussy. I was rubbing as I was sucking. This guy held my mouth over his cock when he came, so I had to swallow. I was almost looking forward to the third guy. He had the largest cock so far, and he choked and gagged me with it. The SOB pulled it out of my mouth and shot his load all over my face. I took on the last one, who came almost immediately in tremendous amounts. I didn't think he was ever going to stop coming. Disgusted and pissed, I stormed out.
I ran into my house sobbing. I went into the bathroom, my face still covered in cum. So humiliating, so hot, remembering myself surrounded by hard cock all watching me suck. I quickly got into the shower and relieved myself, my orgasms coming fast and furious.
I waited a few days, then another email." nice show" and a picture of me sucking cock was attached. The message "no extra charge for pictures is just in case you want to back out of the deal. You have 107 to go."
I answered, please, I can't do it like that again, please."
"I have an alternative we should meet and discuss. It will be one time, and it's all over. Tomorrow noon, Granger park."
I sat on a bench, waiting. He sat next to me,
" all you have to do is attend a High-end sex party. You will be designated cum dump. You will wear a mask. No one will know who you are. You will be naked. You can be touched, fucked, or made to suck once it is over. We are done."
"Why," I whined," why me."
"I will explain when you're done."
A week later, "I sent an email, I will do it."
I was sent to a small shop and fitted with a special mask, lightweight. It breathed. It was flexible and almost like a second skin. I could talk and move my mouth easily in it. But, checking myself in the mirror, there was no way I was recognizable in it.
I arrived at the party house and was driven around back and greeted by my antagonist. Right there inside the back entry, people hustling past. I was told to strip and showed where to put my clothes. Standing there naked, some mask features were explained. He showed me a pocket behind my ear. He said it was for business cards. If I were really appreciated, a card would be put in the mask. The cards could be worth a lot of money should I chose to follow up.
I was taken to the front door and seated. Anyone entering would see me there naked. I was told I would be given tokens with numbers. Those were the rooms I would visit after dinner. The guests began filing in. I was shocked to see my boss and his secretary. He handed me a token. I saw a few other people I knew, which surprised me. Three younger males entered together. One of them looked over at me and told his friends to check me out.
The tallest of the three said, "she is the cum slut. She will do whatever you want."
"Wow! I want her to suck my cock."
The tallest of the three pointed to the floor in front of them, and I came over and knelt. Soon, three over-anxious young men had their cocks in her face. She eagerly sucked them all to orgasm, swallowing the cum of all three. Sucking cock out in the open naked was such a turn on, I was really starting to enjoy this. After dinner, I visited my first room, it was a lovely young couple. Her husband wanted a private lez show. His wife was reluctant. I managed to get her relaxed, and then two first-time pussy eaters went at it. I loved the smell and the taste and found that I could turn her on very quickly. Pretty so she was purring like a kitten, slurping on my pussy. We both worked her husband's cock with our mouths and shared his cum. The wife placed a card in my mask.
I ran into my stalker again. He pulled me into a room. Listen, you don't remember me, but you reported a peeping tom just before you left for college. I got caught. I was so angry, why, after exposing yourself for months, would you report me? I lost my job, my credentials. I was a teacher. I was convicted did 3 months. That's why I picked you. And I am sorry" I started to interrupt, but he continued. "I'm getting paid well for supplying you tonight, I really need the money. Your boss is on the rampage. He is a dangerous man. I have fitted your mask with a minicam. It may come in handy. Good luck."
The next room I dreaded was my boss's room. I was so scared he would recognize me as I entered. He had his secretary standing bent over, legs spread as wide apart as possible. Finally, he acknowledged my arrival and told me to bend over a bench. He brutally jammed his cock into me, slapping my ass hard. It seemed to take forever for him to cum. He spun me around and pushed me into a chair, telling me to spread my legs. I was terrified. He ordered his secretary to eat my cum filled pussy. She refused. The beating she took was too graphic to recount here. She lay limp on the floor. He grabbed me, put me back over the bench, and drove his cock into my ass. That's the only way to describe it. He fucked my ass and beat my ass cheeks black and blue. He finally came up my ass and threw me on the floor. I scrambled out the door. I went to my next and last room, ass bleeding cheeks black and blue.
I entered the room, staggered, and stumbled. There was an elderly lady there, fully exposed. She quickly covered and came over to me to help. She was a very kind, motherly lady. I don't know what she gave me, but it quickly put me to sleep. I woke up in a strange bed with the tall blonde guy from the club standing next to my bed.
"You are at my Grandmas's place. She has taken a liking to you and is providing you protection till we find out what is going on."
I dressed and went down to meet Grandma as she was called. I told her everything that had happened. She sent her grandson Robert to get the mask. We were soon viewing the activities from the night before. Robert looked at me and told me we needed a plan of action.
The next day back at work, the boss called me in. I walked into his office. He smiled, and at that point, I realized he had not recognized me the night of the incident. He told me to sit. I winced when I sat.
"You are ok," he asked.
"Yeah, rough anal will really make you sore."
"You! You're the cum slut" moving from behind his desk.
I handed him a flash drive, "you might want to take a look at this."
He paled as he checked the contents of the drive. "What do you want, what do you expect to get out of this?"
I explained that if the party organizers got the drive, they would consider him a liability. If the cops got it well, he would go away for a long time. I let him know I wanted the Exec VP spot opening up, and I wanted my office moved to the manufacturing plant, and that he and I were never to speak again.
That was all two years ago. Grandma and I are like family. As for George, we are hot-ticket, plenty of orgies and wild sex. I helped the stalker find a decent job, and we get together now and then. Most importantly, I still love to flash.