It was noon, and Julie was a nervous wreck on her drive home from work. An hour earlier, Frank, the VP of the advertising agency that Julie relocated last year to work for called her into his private office. Julie had heard the acquisition rumors, which from her perspective came out of nowhere. Frank indeed confirmed that their company had been acquired by a national firm, and they would be closing down this office at the end of the month. Thankfully, Julie had a great rapport with Frank. He was the one who convinced her to join the company 12 months ago. He was mesmerized by her charisma, and let's face it, her jaw-dropping, voluptuous MILF body. Frank had the unenviable task of laying off the majority of the agency, but had the autonomy to offer full time positions to selected highly qualified management. Frank and Julie both knew that she didn't quite meet the criteria. His instinct told him that simply laying off Julie, and never seeing her again, while he moved with the new company to Milwaukee was not his first choice. The idea of never seeing her curvy body pushing the every fiber on her tight shirts to their limits was not something Frank was happy about. At the same time, considering the fact that he was a powerful, wealthy, and handsome man, he felt like it wasn't a stretch for Julie to be attracted to him. They had developed a respectful and friendly relationship over the past year. With that in mind, Frank devised a plan to get his cock wet.
He regretfully explained to Julie that everyone at the agency was being laid off, with the exception of selected management roles. Those lucky enough to stay would be rewarded with a lucrative salary and a full time position at their downtown Milwaukee office, which was a 3 hour drive. Those managers lucky enough to keep their jobs may or may not continue to work in a management capacity, but nonetheless they would have a well paying, full time job, which sure beat the alternative – unemployment. At first, Julie didn't understand why he was going into details that only applied to management lucky enough to be offered to stay. Frank had laid the groundwork down to make his move, and his heart was pounding in his chest. Meanwhile Julie was trying to fight back tears. As a single mother, who had made terrible financial decisions in her past, she needed this job, and she knew she was not qualified to be offered a full time position. "Julie, listen to me," Frank said as he looked deeply into her watering eyes. "I'm thinking about making an argument to keep you with us. You would have the same position you currently have. Of course you would have to relocate with us, and we would cover all moving expenses. The salary is budgeted for 120k. That's over double your current pay."
Julie was in utter shock.
"So what I want you to do for me, is show me you have what it takes...to convince me to offer you this position," Frank explained.
"You look absolutely stunning in that blouse. I want you to take it off."
At this point, it was clear what was going on. Truth was, Julie was attracted to Frank since the initial interview, a year ago. She obeyed him.
Frank's eyes widened as Julie pulled her blouse over her head, revealing her massive 36F's popping out of her tiny bra. Her incredible breasts looked phenomenal on her petitie frame. Blood began to rush to Frank's cock.
"Come here and pull my pants down," Frank directed.
The MILF obeyed her boss, and released his growing, veiny cock.
"I think you know what to do." Frank said, somewhat curious what exactly would happen next. He wondered if she would reluctantly give him a half hearted blowjob, or if she would ravish his cock with pent up sexual energy, and prove to him he would have no choice but to take her with him.
Julie finally spoke, "It would be my pleasure. But first..." she unclasped her bra, freeing her huge boobs. Frank loved not only how busty she was, but how large her motherly aerolas were on her perfect, pale skin. Frank's cock was stiffening, and it was always one of Julie's biggest turn ons to feel a man's cock get rock hard in her mouth. She wasted no time wrapping her mouth over his cock. With him not being fully erect, she was able to put his entire dick in her mouth. That didn't last, as his cock soon became powerfully rigid, while she passionately sucked him off. Not being able to fully handle his thick cock with just her mouth, she started to use both hands to stroke his meat while she sucked. Pausing to spit on his dick, she sucked on each of Frank's balls before shoving his cock back down her throat.
Julie's boss grabbed the back of her head and pushed her face down, causing her to choke on his dick, which she loved. It let her know she was messing with a real man who was in control. This was driving Julie crazy. She slurped and sucked him at a rapid pace until Frank could no longer control himself. He shot a giant load into Julie's eager mouth, and like a good girl she swallowed every last drop.
"Holy shit, that was incredible!" Frank astounded.
"I'll say! I can't believe it took me almost getting fired before I got to enjoy your amazing cock!" Julie smiled. She was still on her knees, looking up at her boss, with her oversized tits hanging out. With her hand still gently gripping his cock, she licked the tip to get every last drop of cum.
Frank laughed.
Julie asked, "So does this mean I'll get the job?"
"Haha. Well, you definitely gave me a very compelling argument," Frank said. "Anything else you want to me to think about?"
Julie handed her skimpy bra to him, and then slid off her thong panties under her skirt. She handed that to him to hold. "As a memento," and she put her blouse on over her braless tits.
"I like the way you think!" Frank approved. "I'll have more details for you tomorrow about your relocation."
Julie shrieked! The rollercoaster from almost crying and being unemployed, to keeping her job and doubling her salary was a lot to handle in one morning. Adding to that was taking her handsome boss's fat cock down her throat and swallowing his huge load. She gave Frank a big hug and ran out his office.
As she settled into her car, reality began to sink in. What would she tell her son, Andy?
He would be home from school in a couple of hours. She knew he'd have no reason to expect this was anything other than a typical Wednesday. But Julie was going to have to break the news to him that they'd be moving again next month, and she feared the worst. After all, Andy struggled mightily with the initial move, which Julie completely empathized with. It was a lot to ask of him to say goodbye to their life as they knew it, only one year ago. For that move, Andy had to leave the only city he'd called home his whole life. Goodbye to all his friends, his school, everything he knew. That move was mid-school year, just like this move will be. Andy had to endure being the new kid with a couple months of school remaining in his junior year. He was a shy kid and struggled to make new friends. Julie often consoled him, and all but promised they would finish out his senior year in the same school. She feared breaking his tender heart. To add to Julie's anxiety, it seemed like in the past couple of weeks, he really began to hit his stride. His attitude was much improved - he was starting to date a sweet girl, and also seemed to be making more friends.
––-
It was around 3pm and Julie already had a couple glasses of wine to ease her nerves. She intentionally put on a thin, tight T-shirt without a bra. This "outfit" left nothing to the imagination. She knew Andy had been letting his eyes linger a little too long on her tits lately and she felt that with her nipples on display, he would be more understanding to learn about the upcoming move. Andy came home with a huge smile on his face. "Hey Mom! Whatcha doin?!"
"Oh nothin, just relaxing, how was your day, sweetie?" Julie replied.
"It was great! You know Mrs. Jones, my history teacher? I finally asked her if she can write a letter of recommendation for me for my college applications. She said yes! She said she wants me to maintain my grades until the end of the year."
"Oh honey, that's wonderful!" Julie said. She was so glad to see Andy this happy.
"And you know how Lindsay and I have been kind of going through a funky period?" Andy continued, referencing the sweet girl in his class that he'd taken on a few dates. "We spent lunch together and I really feel like we're connecting a lot better now. Actually I'm going to pick her up in a little bit to go to the mall, if that's ok? We want to get sized for prom night!"
They were a really cute couple. They were an interesting sight to see, with Lindsay being maybe 5' tall, and skinny as a rail. She had no tits, no ass, but was pretty. Ever since turning 18 recently, Julie noticed Andy was no longer a kid. Rather he was a muscular, broad shouldered, 6'2" young man. They were cute as can be.
Julie wasn't sure what to say. She didn't have the heart to tell Andy that they wouldn't be living here by the time prom night came.
"I'm going to get changed!" Andy shouted as he ran upstairs to his bedroom.
"Okay dear," replied Julie as she sipped on her wine.
A few minutes later, Andy shouted goodbye to his mom, and drove off to pick up his girlfriend.
––
The next morning, Julie and Andy sat down over cereal before work and school. Julie was anticipating an easy day at work, probably one that included a blowjob or more. She wore a very low cut tank top which put her cleavage on full display. This wasn't too unusual for the sexy milf to show off like this, although this shirt was probably a little lower cut than most. She didn't bother to put on panties under her skirt – she wouldn't be needing them today, she figured. Simply pulling her skirt up would give her boss full access to her bare pussy. She noticed Andy stealing glances across the table at her tits, which she had come to expect.
"Baby, we need to talk. I have some good news and bad news. I wanted to talk after school yesterday but you were in such a good mood, I didn't want to ruin it." Julie said.
Andy leaned in towards her. "Uh oh, Mom. What's going on??"
"Honey. It's really, really crazy. My company was bought out. They're closing the office at the end of the month. There's a ton of layoffs. You know how much I struggle to pay our bills. If I were to lose this job I don't have any savings, all my money is going towards our rent, bills, and debt." Julie rambled.
"I know Mom, I know it's hard right now. Maybe I can get a part time job too." Andy moved over to his mom to console her. He stood over her and put his hand on her shoulder, getting an amazing view at her incredible cleavage. "It's ok, you'll find a new job quick."
"No wait, Andy," Julie said. "I said there's good news too. Well, my boss has been really impressed with my work lately. He was hard on me, he put a lot on my plate, and I swallowed it, and he's been happy with the results. He's offering me a huge promotion! I get to stay with the new company, all of our financial stresses will be gone with how much money I'll be making!" Julie shared.
"Oh Mom, that's great!!" Andy said while bending down to hug his mom.
"Yes, Andy, it is great! But here's the hard part. You might want to sit down." Julie continued as Andy took his seat. "I am so sorry. But you have to understand it's not my fault. And this is such an amazing opportunity for us. But for me to not only keep my job, but get this incredible promotion and pay raise, we will be moving to Milwaukee."
"What!!" Andy yelled. "Mom, you can't do this to me!"
"Honey, I am so sorry. There's nothing I can do! This is too good to pass up and there's no other choice. Please understand, sweetie," Julie pleaded.
Andy sat there with his head down for what seemed like an eternity. Julie walked over to him and wrapped her arms over his broad shoulders, her tits pushed against his head. She would always be there for her boy, and felt absolutely terrible for this. After a minute, but what felt like hours, finally he spoke again.
"Mom, I'll be alright. I am happy for you. I'm sure it's not easy when your boss is so hard on you, and I'm really proud of you for earning the promotion. That's great about the pay raise. I don't want to be selfish. I'll be alright."
A huge smile flashed over Julie's face. "Oh baby!! I love you soooo much!! Thank you so much for understanding!" Her motherly instincts took over and Julie jumped on her sitting son, legs straddling him. They squeezed each other as hard as they could, happy tears streaming down Julie's face. Julie's pillowy tits were smashed against her strong son. "I'm so proud of you, Andy. You have become such a mature man! Such a mature, strong, handsome man!" Julie couldn't control her tears, but she was so happy, and smiling. She released from their hug and planted a big kiss on Andy's lips. Although the two of them were extremely close, and often affectionate, it was the first time she remembered kissing him on his lips since he was a little boy. She didn't know why she did it, but she was just so proud of him. Andy felt a stir in his pants, which was common for the hormone raging teen, but didn't think anything too unusual of the kiss. They had a special moment. It was sweet, and innocent. Little did Andy know, Julie's bare pussy was barely just separated from his cock by his clothes.
Andy went off to school, and Julie went off to work. She was on cloud 9 on her drive to work, just in awe of how mature her son has become, and how well he took the news. Walking into the office, she knew she'd make Frank's jaw drop, and his cock hard when he saw her tits on display. She also couldn't wait to hear more details about the relocation, and hopefully take Frank's hard cock deep inside her.
When she got to work at 8:30, Frank had a note waiting for her on her desk. "Meet me in my office when you get here" it read. She put down her stuff and made her way to his corner office.
To her surprise, Frank was waiting for her, but another man was there too. He was a short, fat, bald man, who Julie had never seen before.
He immediately started cackling. "Ahahaha Frank you old dog you!"
Frank responded, "Told you, Jerry!"
Jerry, the short, fat guy said back, "you weren't lying, she is one hot piece of ass!"
Frank laughed, "wait til you get a load of her tits!"
Julie was appalled. It was one thing to for Frank to take advantage of her. She had the hots for him, and he was offering her a life changing opportunity. But now he's pimping her to this scumbag?
"Julie," Frank said, "meet Jerry. He's the CEO, and everyone's new boss. I told him how much you impressed me yesterday, and he said he will need to see for himself!"
"H-h-hi Jerry, nice to meet you," stammered Julie.
"Julie, let's cut the bullshit," Jerry said. "Tell me what is it you do here?"
"Well, I started last year as an associate account representative. I've been working on the O'Malley project lately, and Frank said I did a great job on the Williams account too," Julie said.
"That's fucking fantastic," Jerry said. "Here's the deal, we don't have a need for any more associate account representatives. But I can always find a spot for a fine piece of ass like you. I'm interested in grooming you to be the head office manager. You'll work directly for me, Frank, and my two regional VP's. One lives in LA, the other in NY, and they fly in quarterly. Basically, I'll need you to do whatever the fuck we tell you to do."
"Um, with all due respect sir, I appreciate the offer, but I'm not sure this is for me," Julie said.
"Okay," Jerry said. "As you can see, I don't have time for bullshit. I'm a very busy man and I get straight to the point. I'll ask you some questions and we'll find out real quick if this is for you."
"I do like your style, sir," Julie admitted.
"Great. First, how much do you make now?" Jerry said.
"Well, 55k, but Frank said..."
Jerry interrupted, "I know what Frank said. This position pays $175k, with potential for 25k quarterly bonuses based on performance. Do you like that?"
"Oh my god, yes!" Julie said.
"Great. Next question. Do you like to suck cock?" Jerry asked.
Frank laughed, "I can answer that!"
Julie blushed, "as Frank as my witness, I love it."
Frank added, "she swallowed every last drop, too."
The 3 of them shared a laugh.
Jerry continued, "Great. Next question, do you like to get fucked?"
Julie laughed. She could not believe the directness of this short, fat man. "Of course I do!"
Jerry unbuckled his pants. "Well let's take you for a spin!"
"Un-fucking-believable!" Julie said with a smile. "175k huh?"
"With another 100k in bonuses," Jerry added. "If you perform up to our standards."
All of a sudden, the money hungry MILF found the short, fat man to be not so repulsive. She found his brashness somewhat endearing. The fact that Frank was there also comforted her.
Jerry's small cock was out. Julie knew he had to amaze him, to secure this opportunity. She gently tugged on her shirt, and it didn't take much for both her juicy breasts to pop out of her low cut top.
Meanwhile Frank was pulling his pants down.
Julie got down on her knees in front of Jerry and began licking his growing dick, and shriveled nuts. Quickly his dick grew to it's full size, maybe 4 inches at most.
Like the cock hungry MILF she was, Julie devoured Jerry's hard dick. She was even able to flick his balls with her tongue with his cock all the way in her mouth. He loved that!
Jerry maneuvered his body to bend over and squeeze her hanging tits. He roughly grabbed them and pinched her nipples, which made her pussy tingle. Julie sucked up and down at a rapid pace, and then continued stroking him with her hands while she sucked his balls. She looked over at Frank who had his hard cock out and was stroking it, patiently.
Julie knew Jerry was the most powerful man in the room, but she wasn't sure who was in control here, him or her. Although Jerry's dick was small, Julie was thoroughly enjoying sucking it. But she wanted to feel Frank too. So she decided to test the waters and see if she could non-verbally control these powerful men. While sucking Jerry's meat, she pulled her skirt up, exposing her bare ass and pussy. Bending over to invite Frank over, she waited for him to make his move. Still sucking, she bounced her ass up and down for a few moments, before she couldn't resist it anymore. "I need one of you studs in my pussy right now goddammit!! Which one is it going to be??"
Without hesitating, Jerry aggressively spun Julie around with a shove, and with both hands he grabbed Julie's motherly hips. He positioned her pussy over his cock and Julie planted her soaking wet pussy onto his dick. "Finally!!" she shrieked. "You feel so fucking good!!" Julie somewhat embellished, but Jerry loved it, groaning.
Julie's eyes locked into Frank's. She didn't know if Jerry would approve, but in the heat of the moment, she didn't care. "Now Frank, stick that cock down my throat right now!!" Julie demanded.
Frank obeyed, and roughly jammed his cock deep down Julie's cock starved throat, causing her to gag. He continued to pound her throat with no remorse, making Julie's eyes water. She absolutely was loving life.
Julie kept bouncing her pussy on Jerry while he played with her pretty asshole. "Stick your finger in it!!" Julie demanded. Jerry licked his thumb and slipped it into her tight booty. "Oh yessss!!" Julie screamed.
Jerry was in heaven and was on the verge of blowing his load. "I'm going to cum soon!!" he warned.
"Oh yes honey!! That's what I need!!" Julie yelled.
"Oh shit! Where do I cum?!?!" Jerry yelled, still fingering Julie's tight ass.
Julie increased her pace on Jerry's cock, and demanded, "fill up my pussy!! I need your cum inside of me!! Fill up my pussy goddamit! I'm going to cum on you!!"
Jerry couldn't control himself anymore and blew his load right then and there. Julie spasmed on his dick while he pumped her with his cum. It was incredible chemistry. Julie knew she'd have time for Frank, and needed to please Jerry first and foremost. As Jerry was done cumming in her pussy, Julie pulled Frank's cock out of her mouth, and turned around for Jerry. She bent over and cleaned up his softening, salty cock with her mouth. He shoved her head down onto his dick and she cleaned up his balls too. She gave him a thorough cleaning with her talented tongue, and soon Jerry's cock was soft.
"Oh come on, I want more of your cock!" Julie joked, and smiled.
"Don't worry baby, you're going to get all you can handle from me!!" Jerry assured her.
"Good! I can't wait to serve you!" Julie promised. Jerry's cum was dripping out of her pussy, down her leg. Staring into Jerry's eyes, Julie wiped the cum with her finger, and put it in her mouth.
Jerry cackled. "I love this bitch!" he said to Frank.
With that, Julie knew Jerry was sold, and she turned her attention to Frank. She resumed blowing him, and was determined to swallow his load. Frank's eyes rolled back in his head and Julie did her thing. She sloppily sucked and stroked his meat simultaneously while Jerry enjoyed the show. It didn't take long before her skilled mouth was bringing Frank to his edge. Without warning, Frank began spraying her mouth with his cum. She eagerly swallowed every delicious drop, and gently kept sucking and cleaning his dick, making sure no cum went to waste. She admired his thick cock, kissing it all over. She was in heaven and already couldn't wait for the next session.
The 3 of them all slouched in the office chairs and caught their breaths. Jerry complimented Julie and told her how happy he is to have her on board. Julie had never felt so excited about her career. She put her clothes back on, the little of it she came in with, and gave them each a wet, salty kiss on the lips. Frank said her work is done for the day and she can come in anytime tomorrow to tie up any loose ends on her final projects. He was flying out with Jerry later that day. Walking out of the office, she saw a handful of employees packing up their desks. Julie walked with an extra jiggle in her bouncy tits and ass as she felt disgusted stares on her from her nearby colleagues.
Later that evening...
Andy came home from school on the later end of the standard time window, but not out of the norm. Julie had dinner prepped and just needed to warm it up whenever he was ready to eat. "Hi my love!" Julie greeted Andy with a beaming smile. They embraced for a sweet hug, and she kissed him on his cheek. "I stopped by the formals store and picked up Lindsay's prom dress. I hung it up in your closet. It's so tiny! Anyways, how was school?"
Andy sighed. "Thanks Mom for getting her dress. School? I guess it was fine, boring, the usual. Lindsay on the other hand..."
Julie knew her son let his new girlfriend know about the move. With a concerned look in her eyes, she softly said to Andy, "yeah... how did she take it?"
"Not good. We didn't really see each other much until after school which is when I told her the news. She immediately started crying. I did my best to comfort her. We talked for a really long time. I wanted her to not feel sad, and let her know we can still date, I mean Milwaukee is only 3 hours away. It's not like, another country, you know."
Julie gave Andy her full attention. She was impressed with his maturity and sensitivity.
Andy continued, "then we started talking about prom. This is the weird part, Mom. I told her I'll drive down for her prom, and I offered to pick her up to come to mine at wherever my new school will be."
"That was very sweet of you, honey," Julie said. "What was weird?"
"I don't know, Mom. She was weird. This is all new to me. Maybe I'm totally wrong but as we were talking about it for some reason I got a feeling that prom night was more important than us dating. Like she had this vision of her prom night that her and her stupid friends dream about together. I guess this ruined her vision. Mom, I don't think she is into me as much as I was into her. I know this isn't making a lot of sense."
"It's okay, dear, you can talk to Mommy," Julie comforted.
"So, after we talked, I kind of question if she wants to even go through with everything, like keep dating, do the 3 hour drive for prom night, and to hang out other nights, all that stuff. I was totally thinking that would be cool. But now I guess, I don't really want to do it either. I mean, I do though. I guess I don't know, Mom."
Julie put her hand on his leg. "Honey, I understand. It's your first girlfriend, your first time having these types of emotions, and it's complicated. You and her don't need to make any big decisions right away. Let her know you're thinking of her, and that it's best to sleep on it. Ya'll can talk more about it as the month goes on. For now, take some time and just freaking enjoy each other's company while we're here. We have about 3 weeks before we move."
"Thanks Mom, I think you're totally right. That makes me feel more at ease."
The two embraced and Andy rested his head on his mom's shoulder. She enjoyed their closeness and was fulfilled to be able to give him advice on his teen-love saga.
Julie released from their hug. "Besides honey, if she doesn't appreciate such a handsome, sensitive, mature, stud like you, I bet there would be a line of girls out the door who would take her spot!"
"Aw thanks Mom!" Andy blushed. "You think so?"
"Are you kidding me! If I was a girl your age, I'd have a huge crush on you! In fact, I do anyways!" Julie laughed and tickled Andy's leg with her foot. Andy laughed awkwardly.
"So, what is it about Lindsay that you like about her anyways?" Julie asked.
"Oh Mom..." Andy rolled his eyes. "You know she's asked me that like a million times. I always have to come up with some fuckin' bullshit," Andy laughed. Julie's eyes got big as she wasn't used to hearing her son use profanity, and once her brain comprehended his words, she burst into laughter herself.
"Andy!!" she yelled, laughing.
"Sorry Mom, just being honest!" Andy claimed.
"Hahaha, well in that case, that's fine! I like honesty!" Julie said. "Well, tell me the truth then, not the bullshit you tell her. What is it you like about her?"
"It's hard to say. She's pretty. We have fun together, I guess," Andy said.
Julie waited for more, but nothing more came. "And... That's it?"
"Yeah Mom, what more do you want me to say?" Andy asked rhetorically.
"Oh I don't know, I figured you'd be into her ass or tits or something!" Julie bluntly exclaimed.
"Well, she doesn't exactly have curves like you, Mom..." Andy shyly stated, looking away.
"What!!" Julie laughed. "Do you wish she had big boobs like me?"
"Mom!!" Andy was embarrassed.
"Hey son, you said you'll be honest! You like big tits don't you? It's okay son, it's only natural!"
"I mean, Mom, I'm just a guy, of course I do!" Andy admitted.
Julie didn't know why she was pressing him, but she was just having fun with her maturing young man, and was getting a little turned on too. "So do you like my peach shaped ass more, or my huge boobs more?" Julie tickled her son's leg again with her foot.
"I mean, Mom... jeez..." Andy struggled to find the right words to say.
"Tell me!" Julie jokingly demanded.
"I dunno Mom, I guess your ... uh..." Andy paused and glanced Julie's large tits, not knowing if he should even respond or what words to use.
"Ohhh I knew it!!" Julie called him out. "My girls huh?" she put her hands on her tits and squeezed them together, causing her cleavage to spill out an obscene amount. "I've always known it with how much you try to steal looks at them!! I want to hear you say it." Julie put him on the spot.
"What? Say what, Mom??" Andy was so embarrassed.
"You say it with your eyes every day! Say it with your voice, say that you love my big tits!" Julie instructed.
"No, Mom, I'm not going to say that!" Andy said, but Julie knew he was enjoying this.
"Say it! I mean it's obvious why you love my big tits. You lived on these tits for the first two years of your life! Do you know how hard it was for me to get you off my tits when you were a baby? You were born loving my breasts!! It's no wonder you freaking love mommy's big boobs!"
Andy heard enough. "Okay mom, if I say it will you give it a rest? I love your huge tits! I love my mom's amazing massive breasts! I can't get enough of your huge boobs and we both know it! Is that better, Mom, is that what you wanted!?!?!" Andy finally somewhat released what he felt like he needed to keep in, but she forced him to let it out. It felt great. Julie was so turned on.
"Wow son, that's it son, tell me how you really feel!" Julie smiled, waiting for more. "Go on!"
"Mom, I love your big juicy tits, and your meaty ass too. I love it when you squeeze your boobs on me when we hug, I love when you go braless and your nipples pop through your shirt, it makes my dick so hard and I can't stop thinking about your massive tits!"
Andy himself couldn't believe the words that just left his mouth. His mom pushed him over the edge and he lost control.
"Wowwwww! I knew you loved my tits, but this might be a little more than I expected!" Julie gasped.
They both sat there, not sure what to say.
Julie broke the silence, "Just so you know, it's totally cool. You didn't tell me anything I didn't already know. Yeah maybe you love my tits more than I realized, but I knew you loved my tits. You're my son, of course you love them. They're huge, and that's just a fact. So you don't need to worry, there's no secrets in our home. In fact I feel so much closer to you already!"
Andy was so relieved. "Whew. Thanks Mom. You really are amazing. I thought I fucked up, I didn't know why you were pressing me, but it really does feel great. And I feel closer to you too!"
Julie stood up. "Stand up and hug me, let me press these huge squishy boobs into you like you love so much."
Andy stood up, with a huge tent in his pants. Julie pulled him in, clearly feeling his iron hard cock poking against her. "That's it son, I love you."
"I love you too, Mom."
They went their separate ways, both insanely turned on. Julie had no doubt that Andy was jacking off to thoughts of her giant tits bouncing around. She furiously rubbed her clit thinking of her son's cock. How big was it? How much cum does he spray? How often does he stroke his dick thinking of her? Julie came time after time with these thoughts on her mind.
The next few days were strangely normal. Some innocent flirting between the two, but nothing remotely close to what happened during that silly evening. Julie realized that her son was too shy, innocent, and respectful to cross any lines, as blurred as she almost made them that night.
Julie spent quite a bit of time on the road trying to finalize relocation details. With her son being a mature, fully functional 18 year old, she was fine with leaving him alone for a night or two while she looked for a new home, set up his new school, and set up other arrangements in their new city. Slowly but surely, things were falling into place. Julie signed a 12 month lease for a small, cozy home in a quiet, safe neighborhood. She was putting together a plan to pay off her financial debts at a rapid pace, with her new lucrative salary, and planned to put a down-payment on a new home at the end of the lease. She was also building into her financial plan a surprise new car for her son's graduation present. Thinking of Andy filled her heart with so much joy.
Meanwhile, Andy and his girlfriend Lindsay continued on in their awkward teenage relationship. One day they were done, the next day they were back on. By the time "moving day" arrived, the two teens were actually on a good stretch for a few days – which was an accomplishment. So they went into the quasi-long-distance relationship with positive momentum.
Their new life in Milwaukee was going great! Julie absolutely loved her new career. She worked closely with both Jerry and Frank regularly, sucking and fucking them in their private offices once or twice a day, each. Every now and then, either Jerry or Frank would pay back a favor to one of their buddies, and they'd have a surprise stand in for their own fuck session. Although Julie was truly enjoying pleasing Jerry and Frank daily, these surprise new fucks were incredibly thrilling. Pretty soon the regional VPs would be flying in for their first quarterly visit, and Julie could not wait.
Andy noticed how happy his mom had been since their move. She worked odd hours, sometimes taking the day off, only to go into the office at night, but he figured such is life of a big wig at the marketing firm. At least, that's how he viewed his mom and her promotion. As for Andy, he felt like his mid-school year move last year gave him valuable practice for this go-around. He easily made friends, and had a confidence that came with having a girlfriend "back home". He was the "new kid" that all the girls were curious about. He was handsome, respectful, quiet, and taken, which seemed to pique their interest. In the gossipy high school environment, once he let one person know he planned to go to prom with his girlfriend from his old school, word got around to all the girls that he was off the market.
This created a strange series of events. For the first time in his life, girls were approaching the shy young man, flirting with him, asking if they can hang out, asking for his phone number. Each time, Andy politely turned them down, saying his girlfriend wouldn't appreciate it if he agreed to hang out. Each time her turned a girl down, the next one seem to try a little harder. Quickly Andy was hearing from his guy classmates that all the girls had crushes on him, and they were jealous of his girlfriend. One of Andy's buddies said that Andy could take any girl to prom that he wanted, and probably fuck em.
What those girls didn't know was Andy and Lindsay's weak relationship was on the verge of a break up seemingly every second or third day. The distance was taking its toll in a short period of time. With Andy's prom coming up first, he was beginning to question what would happen. Would Lindsay go with him? Would he dump her and go with someone else? Would he just not go?
"Andy's Prom Night"
Julie was wrapping up a boring day at the office. Actually, a boring week at the office. After getting her brain fucked out daily for several weeks, all of management went on a big wig retreat to Hawaii, leaving Julie craving some hard cock. To make matters worse, Frank gave her a mundane paper filing project that took her all week to finish. She felt confident she skillfully fucked and sucked her way to her first quarterly bonus, but just to be sure, she didn't want to risk anything by not completing this paper filing project.
She finally finished the boring project at 2pm on that Friday. Relieved to be done, she stopped at the neighborhood bar on the way home from work for a stiff drink or two. She had a little bit of time to kill before Andy would be driving home with Lindsay in his passenger seat. Prom night #1, Andy's prom, was finally here.
There was a group of 4 or 5 people gathered around one end of the bar, leaving the rest of the place basically empty. Julie seated herself alone at the other end, and asked the bartender for a shot of tequila and a vodka tonic.
"What's the occasion, momma?" asked the young, studly bartender as he poured her drinks.
"Excuse me? Who you calling momma?" Julie asked.
"Hey lady, you're gorgeous! Sexiest woman I've seen in here in months. But you're old enough to be my mom, momma. It's a compliment," the handsome bartender said, smiling.
"You're lucky you're hot," Julie said. "Otherwise I'd slap you."
"Hmmm, maybe we can still make that happen," the bartender said, still smiling.
"You're trouble..." Julie said, blushing. She sucked down her tequila shot.
The bartender went to serve the group of people at the other side of the bar. Julie aimlessly watched the local news on TV. After he didn't return for a few minutes, she glanced over and saw the bartender happily small-talking with the group. No big deal. Julie finished her vodka.
Julie glanced over at the group again, this time the bartender looked over and saw her. He smiled, and continued talking. A few more minutes went by and Julie was getting frustrated at the lack of service. "Hello??" she called out.
The bartender made his way back over to her with a bottle of tequila. "Another shot?" he offered.
"Christ, I thought you forgot about me over here." Julie muttered.
"Forgot? No, never. Just working, momma," the bartender said. "Here, I'll take a shot with you, it's on me." He poured two shots.
"Okay, I'll forgive you this time..." Julie conceded, picking up her shot.
"Cheers! To new friends!" the bartender raised his shot and downed it, Julie followed his lead.
Without being asked, he poured her another vodka tonic. "So what bring a sexy ass milf like you in here today and why haven't I seen you before?" he asked.
Julie burst into laughter. "Hahaha, wow! Quite the direct young man aren't you?"
"Why beat around the bush?" he said.
"I totally agree," Julie responded. "I'm new in town. Work promotion."
"Oh wow. A sexy, successful milf. I love it!" he said.
"Do you call every older women 'milf's'?" she asked.
"Nope! Just the mom's I want to fuck," he answered, looking deeply into her eyes.
Julie's pussy was getting wet.
Their naughty conversations continued on for a few more drinks, and Julie was definitely feeling a strong buzz. Her panties were soaking wet by the time she realized what time it was. "Shit! I need to go home now."
The handsome bartender wrote down his phone number, and gave her a bar tab of $4.00. She gave him a $20 and put his number in her purse.
Julie rushed home, eager to pump her favorite dildo in her pussy before Andy got home, she hoped. Looking at the time, she thought she'd have a good 20 or 30 minutes to herself. But as she pulled up to the house, she saw his car in the driveway. "Damn!! Too late," she thought. She took a sip of water before walking inside, extremely horny and quite buzzed.
"Hey love!!" Julie said walking in the door.
"Hey." Andy was lying on the couch, watching TV.
"Um... where's Lindsay?" Julie asked.
"Fuck Lindsay. She fucking dumped me," Andy said monotonously.
"What!! That bitch!"
"Fuck her." Andy muttered almost to himself.
"What happened??" Julie asked. She lifted his feet up and sat down on the couch, letting his legs back down on her.
"I was driving to pick her up. We were talking and arguing, and I was maybe halfway there when she dumped me. I turned around, I don't want to talk about it," he explained.
Julie felt terrible for her sweet boy, but if she was honest, she knew it was only a matter of time before his doomed, weak relationship ended. Even still, she hated seeing him down like this. Losing your first girlfriend is never easy.
Despite his last words of not wanting to talk about it, Andy continued on, "she's so self-centered! I was always catering to her needs. The one time I needed something from her, she lets me down."
Julie listened to him vent and rubbed his legs.
"There's so many girls at my new school who wanted to go with me and I turned them all down. They're going to think I was lying this whole time. A bunch of them offered to let me fuck them too and I still was loyal to Lindsay. When I told her I wanted to lose my virginity tonight to her she said she wouldn't let me. That's when we argued and she dumped me."
Julie continued to give him an ear to vent to. Andy continued getting his frustration out.
"I probably could've fucked 20 girls, hot ones too. Now after tonight they're all going to think I'm a loser and a liar." He stared off into space. "That bitch!"
Julie knew she had to do something, and she had just the plan.
"Alright young man. Time to get out of your feelings, mommy is going to take care of you. We're going to have some fun!!" Julie jumped off the couch and clapped her hands.
"What??" Andy said.
Julie grabbed his hands and tugged on her handsome, strong son. She couldn't budge him. "Get up!"
He got up.
Julie grabbed him close and put his arm around her waist. "We..." Julie paused for dramatic effect, "are going to prom!"
"Mom, no, are you crazy?" Andy said.
"Why not?? Are you embarrassed by your old mother? Come on honey, let's have some fun tonight!!"
Andy's mind was racing, but he couldn't think of anything to say.
"Come on sweetie, this will be a special night that we'll always remember!" Julie pleaded. Andy still didn't speak.
Julie moved her son's hand from her waist to her ass. She squeezed her tits into his chest, and grinded her pussy into his groin. "Listen. We ARE going, and we WILL have fun!" Julie persuaded. "I promise."
Andy's cock stirred. Julie grinded her pussy into him one more time. "Tonight, I will be your girlfriend, and we are going to prom. Now let's go get dressed," she said.
Julie took him by the hand and led him upstairs to his bedroom. She opened his closet and pulled out the skimpy prom dress that was fitted for Lindsay's bony body. Next to the dress was Andy's black tux. She tossed him the tux, and took the dress.
"Be right back, my love," she said, walking out of the room.
Andy was still not sure what the fuck was going on. He knew that one of his personality traits that he disliked was his tendency to overthink things, and something told him this was his chance to defeat that. He loved his mother's spontaneous personality and wanted to be more like that. So instead of thinking, he just acted, and got dressed in his tux. He looked in the mirror and was more than impressed with himself. "Let's do this..." he thought.
Right then, his milf mother walked in, and Andy's jaw literally dropped. Her tits were spilling out all over the place. The spaghetti lace straps were pushing their limits trying to contain Julie's huge rack. The top of the dress just barely covered her nipples, and Andy thought he was seeing the tops of her areolas.
Andy was trying to comprehend what he was witnessing, and before he was able to compliment his mom, she spoke first. "Wow!! What a fucking stud!! You are so fucking hot!!" Julie yelled, hurrying over to her boy. She wrapped her arms around him and pulled on his shoulders. He bent down and she gave him gentle kisses in his ear. "You fucking stud!!" she whispered.
Andy's cock was growing rapidly. Julie's overwhelming breasts were all over him.
She stepped back and spun around for him to take her all in. "So, what do you think??" she asked. "You like?"
Julie turned again, this time sticking her ass out and holding it. "What do you think?" she asked again.
"Mom you look incredible!!" Andy exclaimed.
Julie let out a cute little scream. "I'm so excited!!" she yelled as she ran back to Andy's arms. "Do you think I can pass as your girlfriend? Not too old?"
Andy's stare at his mom's tits lingered a little long, and then he said "definitely not too old, Mom, you are so fucking hot! Now, I've never seen a girl my age with a body like as sexy as yours! Let's do this!
Julie lead Andy downstairs and to the front door. "So, when does the dance start?" Julie asked.
"Well, I guess we have about an hour," Andy said looking at his watch.
"Perfect! What do you want to do? Let's go get a bite, we got a big night ahead of us, young man!"
"Sounds great, Mom!" Andy said.
Julie tossed her car keys to her son. "Here baby, you drive. Tonight, I'm not mommy taking her little boy out. Tonight you are a man, and I'm your woman." Not to mention, Julie still had a strong buzz from the afternoon drinks.
Julie was genuinely excited to party with her son. She had spent all week stressfully filing papers, while craving the cocks she was used to getting daily. The cocks never came this week, and Julie was still ragingly horny from the afternoon flirting and drinking with the hot bartender. And now she was almost naked, going to the big dance with her stud son.
Andy picked a local restaurant that was on the way to the dance. He wasn't surprised to see a number of couples from his school there. As the hostess lead them to their booth, both Julie and Andy noticed all the crazy looks from his classmates. Both the girls and the guys were blatantly staring at the unique, stunning couple.
Sitting in their booth, they laughed together. Andy leaned in and whispered, "wow, Mom, did you see those looks we got?"
Julie whispered back, "how could I not? This is going to be so much fun, they totally are going to buy that I'm your girlfriend! But you can't call me Mom tonight. I'm your girlfriend and my name is Julie."
Andy smiled and nodded. "Right, Julie. You're so fucking hot, Julie."
"And you're so fucking hot, Andy."
Looking across the table at her son, Julie admired how handsome her young man had become. Just an honest gentleman and she felt lucky to be going to the big dance with him.
Andy and Julie enjoyed a nice dinner together, chatting and laughing the whole time.
Then, it was dance time.
They were already mentally prepared for the gawks they were about to receive. The restaurant was a warm up. The great part was, neither Julie nor Andy could give a fuck!
Andy was coming off a fresh break up and Julie was determined to never let that cross his mind. She was perfectly built for this role, as her care free, spontaneous personality set the tone. Not to mention the sexual tension was undeniable.
Andy and Julie walked together hand in hand into the dance, and ran into some of his buddies and their dates. Julie was so excited to meet his new friends for the first time! They were all very cool! The girls and guys were openly letting the compliments flow, both towards Julie for being so hot, and to Andy for bagging such a hottie. All of the guys were drooling over Julie's huge tits spilling out of her tiny dress. Julie took the opportunity to get in close to her man, and not so subtly rub her tits against him. A couple of the guys had flasks with tequila in them that they passed around. Julie laughed her ass off when Andy himself pulled out a flask he was hiding in his jacket. "You dog! I didn't know you had that!!" she said to him. Weirdly, the fun loving mom was proud, as that was something she would have wanted her date to do anyway.
Despite the small group of friends that was enjoying themselves, Andy and Julie felt the stares from everyone in the room that wasn't a part of their circle. With her tequila buzz back, Julie was ready to dance! She wanted to have fun, not give a fuck, and be close to her handsome son. If anyone got a show, then so be it.
Julie grabbed Andy by the hand and led him to the dance floor. Rap music was playing, and Julie saw how all the girls were grinding their asses into their dates. It was somewhat dark, with some flashing strobe lights lighting up the room sporadically. Julie turned her ass into Andy's groin and grinded into him. He put his hands on her ass and grinded right back. In seconds, he was sporting a full out boner. Julie loved knowing how turned on he was and how fast he got hard. It was hard to tell how big his bulge was, but it certainly felt substantial. She got lost in the beat of the music, grinding on Andy, and enjoying herself. Andy was loving it, as the 2nd and 3rd rap songs played through.
After several rap songs, the next song that came on was a slow dance. Julie turned around to face her date, and Andy brought her in close to him. She pushed her tits into him and he grinded his hard cock against her. They danced like that as the song played, with Andy's arm wrapped around the small of her back. Julie moved his hand to her ass where he held it firmly and increased the force of his cock grinding. Julie's pussy was soaking.
The lights seemed to get darker as the night went on. The slow dance song ended and there was a slight delay before the DJ put the next song on – another slow dance. Andy brought his date right back firmly against his body. Julie couldn't take it anymore and needed a kiss. She pulled his head towards hers and planted a wet kiss on the lips. Andy instinctively tongued her lips and she reciprocated. The two lovebirds made out while they grinded to the slow jam, oblivious to the onlookers.
Julie could not have been more turned on. She knew she needed to take control of her inexperienced son as the DJ put on a fast rap song. She reached out and felt his cock through his pants while they continued to kiss. He took that signal as his green light to grab her tits. Julie loved that move, and thought to herself her son is a quick learner. His cock felt massive in his pants. She kept stroking the thick snake that went up and down his thigh. Then she unzipped his trousers. She struggled to pull his cock out – it was too large. She broke away from the kiss and used both hands to wrestle with his pants. She stuck her hand in through the zipper to find his cock and pulled it all the way out. The fucker was huge! And thick! Julie stroked his meat with both hands, and debated if she should drop to her knees right then and there.
Just then, Andy's hands which were exploring his mom's huge tits, got a lot more flesh than he expected. Her left spaghetti strap finally had all it could handle, and popped off. Her giant left breast was exposed and Andy was grabbing all he could. He didn't give a fuck who saw. Julie kept using both hands to stroke his meat.
She needed to taste him. She bent over to suck his thick sausage and was shocked at how she could barely fit it in her mouth. She sucked it as deep as she could and got about halfway down. Andy could not believe what was happening. She spit on his cock and kept sucking, trying to go deeper and deeper.
Then she came up and stuck her tongue down Andy's throat. "Fuck me!" she demanded.
Andy's instincts took over. He hiked up Julie's dress and she slid out of her thong. With Andy's fat cock at full attention out of his pants, Julie jumped up on him and straddled him in the middle of the dance floor. Her pussy entrance was right by his rigid cock. She slowly sunk her pussy down as he gently thrusted up into her. His mushroom tip was so big, it was met with some resistance despite how wet her pussy was. Her legs were wrapped around his back and his strong hands were holding her bare juicy ass. Once his mushroom tip found Julie's pussy entrance, she sunk her pussy all the way down onto him. He bucked his pelvis into her. Julie shrieked! Andy kept bucking into her wet pussy. Julie's left breast was bouncing freely as she straddled him. Then she expertly slid her intact right strap down her shoulder, exposing her full breasts.
Andy kept pumping away into his busty mom in the middle of the dance floor with the rap music blaring. They were oblivious to their surroundings, suffocating in their lust for each other. Julie's massive tits were wildly bouncing up and down while Andy fucked her brains out on the dance floor.
Moments later, Julie, still lost in the moment, firmly squeezed Andy's thick cock with her wet pussy. A massive orgasm was taking over Julie's body as she threw her head back and moaned. Andy increased his pace, feeling his mom's pussy getting tighter. Then Julie's body spasmed, overtaken by her orgasm. Andy drove deeper into his busty mom. Julie regained control of her legs and pulled her pussy down onto her son's cock harder, while Andy pumped deeper and deeper. Julie's soaking pussy was pushed to it's limits by Andy's long sausage. With her wave of orgasms subsiding, Julie's mind came back to her. She was thinking what a fucking stud Andy was that he was still pumping her. Julie was such a proud mother!!
Julie managed to get down from Andy's firm grip, and bent over for her son. He instinctively approached her heavenly pussy with his large cock and slipped his mushroom tip inside again. Julie's head was down by her knees, her large tits falling down to her chin. With one smooth, long stroke, Andy slid his cock balls deep into the milf's inviting pussy. He knew immediately on the first pump that this angle of fucking her pussy, without the burden of holding up her weight on his arms, was going to result in an explosion very quickly. Her pussy felt unbelievable! He continued to pump, long, deep, and slow. Thoroughly enjoying every second.
Andy was still oblivious to his surroundings. The beat of the music, the darkness of the room, and the tequila was setting the tone for him. But what was truly the most overpowering influence on him was the insanely fucking sexy milf that he was pounding, his own milf mother, and the only object of his desires. Nothing else mattered in this moment. Andy kept pumping his mom deep and hard.
Julie on the other hand, was firmly planted in the reality of it all. She had her out of body experience while riding on Andy's cock. Now she was feeling pure ecstasy getting smashed by the huge dick of her son. She realized that there was a crowd of people dancing around them, and watching them fuck. She scanned the room from her compromised position. With each set of eyes she saw on them, she slammed her ass back into her son faster. Her bubble ass rippled as he pounded her.
Julie kept slamming her pussy back into her son's cock, the two fuckbirds meeting each other's powerful thrusts halfway. At this point, Andy couldn't take it any longer. He gripped her fat ass with full force, blocking Julie from thrusting backwards as she had been doing. With his strength keeping her balanced, he reared back and slammed his cock deep into her with vigorous power. Again he slammed deep into his busty mom. With one more deep thrust, his balls tightened up, and he released his massive load deep in Julie's pussy. He held his cock all the way in her while he filled up Julie's pussy with his cum. For good measure, he slowly pulled his hard cock halfway out, and back in a few more times. Finally he let his cock plop out of the soaked pussy.
As Julie stood up, Andy's gallons of salty cum began dripping out of her sweet pussy. Julie eagerly scooped up a handful and put it into her mouth. She needed to taste his cum, and didn't want to waste a puddle on the dance floor. Another scoop followed, and then she cleaned up a couple more drips for good measure.
Andy's mind was slowly returning to reality. His thick cock was still mostly hard and flopping out of his pants. He looked around and saw all his classmates staring. Some of the guys started cheering, and the girls were stunned. Then he further scanned into the dark room and even saw two of his buddies getting blowjobs from their dates.
He smiled as he stuffed his cock into his pants. Julie's huge boobs were still exposed, and she helplessly tried to pull her broken dress up. She just couldn't push her tits down into the tiny dress. Ever the gentleman, Andy went over to help his mom. From behind her, he smushed her giant pillowy breasts together and told her to pull her dress up. She was able to get the fabric over her tits and pulled her right spaghetti strap over her shoulder. Her left tit was exposed, with the dress having fallen apart. She pitifully tried to hold the dress up to cover her boobs, as the two lovebirds walked off to the side of the room to get a drink.
"WOW!!" Julie exclaimed.
"I know!" Andy agreed.
The staring crowd parted to give them access to the punch. Andy poured a drink for him and his mom. He handed the cup to Julie and she reached out with the hand that was holding the dress over her left breast. The big tit fell free as she took a sip.
"Want to get out of here?" Julie said.
Just then, before Andy could respond, Julie's right strap popped off. Her heavy tits were both on full display, and Andy's cock immediately stirred in his pants.
Julie did nothing to cover up herself.
"Yeah, let's bounce," Andy agreed. The two lovebirds walked hand in hand out of the dance, with Julie's huge tits bouncing.
Andy lead them to his mom's car. As soon as they got in, Andy turned on the car and Julie lunged for his pants.
"Head home," she instructed.
Andy obeyed his mom, and drove home with his fat cock stuffed into his mom's talented mouth.