My day was fragmented schedule wise. Something that suited me just fine. I had three free hours before my 1:30 pm meeting. With any luck the afternoon meeting would not run more than an hour and a half, so I should have a free two or three hours afterward before I needed to be home.
I planned to visit my usual cruising spot both before and after my meeting. The morning was warm, heating up to what was to be a scorcher of a day. To try and stay cool, I had changed into my red very mini skirt with a sleeveless pink top. I wore the top over a half-cup lace bra. With my make-up done up right and my 2" open toed mules on my feet. I got in the car and headed out.
Directly on the way to the meeting, the meet up spot was about a 45 minute drive. The drive was uneventful except that the warm sun shining in the driver's side window fell directly on my naked thighs. The warmth titillated my sexual appetite and gave me goose bumps. My lace thong could not contain my swelling cock which soon sprang free. It was peeking out the bottom of my skirt and it continued to rise until it hit the bottom of the steering wheel. I have to admit that as I drove, I stroked it gently, edging myself while cruise control did the work.
Arriving at the location, I parked the car, checked my make-up, and put the sunshade inside the front window. Exiting the car, I tried to swing my legs out lady-like but failed as I am sure if anyone was watching could see the narrow pink thong trying unsuccessfully to hold in my swollen cock. I locked the car and started up the rising path to the main area. The three or four other cars in the lot were empty which meant their occupants were likely up already up the hill. Never sure who would be there - regulars, tourists or just locals seeking a quiet place away, I prepared myself for any eventuality. How you may well ask? I walked normally, did not sashay or throw my hips around. I made sure that the hem on my very very very short skirt was as low as possible and the buttons on my top were in the "modest" position. I carried my black handbag was in front to conceal my bulging hard-on.
There was a tall man walking his arthritic dog. As I approached, he stopped and called out.
"Haven't seen you in a while."
"That's true." I replied. "I've been busy and doing some travelling and have not been around much lately. How about you?"
He said that he had been semi-regular in hopes of meeting up with me again. Now, it rang a bell. His was the red pick-up truck in lot. We chatted a bit and as I moved to sit on the closest bench, he followed and stood in front of me. Ah, yes! That is familiar, I thought when I noticed he had on loose fitting shorts, with no underwear underneath. In the past, he usually tried to enhance his small cock by an elastic cock ring. As I would find out soon enough, today was no different. I had wished many times, that the size of his cock mirrored the size of his hands.
I continued to chat with him as his dog found a shady spot under the bench. Standing directly in my line of sight, his cock at my eye level, he made it very clear he was looking to hook-up. I parted my legs a little to let him know I understood and also to give him a glimpse of my cock - partially covered by the thong. He smiled and when I patted the bench beside me he sat down. He immediately placed his big hand on my exposed thigh and with small circular motions began to caress me. His fingers went deeper into my thigh-gap as he pulled my legs wider apart. I have to admit, I helped him separate my legs. I leaned back and let the hem of my skirt rise high on my thighs. I submitted to his soft but urgent touch as my panties and my cock were exposed to the sunlight. He smiled deeply as he watched me exhibit myself to him. Within seconds his hands were pulling at the miniscule thong. He drew it aside and slipped his fingers around my cock, lifted it out and full exposed it. He palmed it as he reached down to pull my balls free. I relished his soft feel and if it were possible, my cock got even harder. He must have been happy with what he saw because, after looking around to be sure we were not being watched, he lowered his head and took my cock in his mouth. He plunged his face down and took all of me in one dramatic effort.
I moaned as my cock hit the back of this throat. I don't know how or what he did but the next thing I felt my cock was going another inch - deeper and tighter. He was a cock worshipper and he nursed and tongued my cock with enthusiasm. I leaned back, spread my legs more. Putting my hand gently on the back of his head, I tousled his hair and stroked his ear by way of encouragement. He didn't need much as he was somehow able to both suck and breathe and he coaxed my cock to greater hardness. I kept looking around to see if anyone was coming and noticed a person beginning to come up the path.
"Someone is coming." I said quickly and he immediately released my cock and sat up. I pulled the hem of my skirt down as best I could. My saliva covered cock left a clearly visible wet stain on the front. Since I had separated my legs, the rear hem had pulled up as well and my naked ass was now on the concrete bench. We were in disarray at almost being caught. Although decent, nothing overtly exposed, my dishevelment obviously exposed that we had been up to something.
As the newcomer came closer, it became apparent we needn't have worried. It was another admirer who had come for his daily walk. He came every day for a few laps in an attempt to lose weight. As he got closer, since I had not seen him in a long time, I said hi, and told him he was looking svelte and fit. He smiled, said thanks and continued on his way.
The man who had been sucking my cock remained silent, but after the new arrival left, he said that the two of them used to play around but for some reason had not hooked up lately. "Didn't matter," he said "Beside, his cock doesn't compare to yours." as he again lowered his face into my crotch and sought out my cock.
His mouth was fabulous. His tongue talented. He held my shaft softly and moved it all about to find the areas of highest stimulation for me. He licked my balls, then trace his tongue from the base of my scrotum to the head. When the walker came around again, my cock sucker pulled off and simply held my cock in his hand. He showed it off to the walker as his prize.
"Nice cock." the walker said as he nodded his approval.
Before he could start sucking me again I suggested we move along the path to a slightly more private area that has a better view of anybody coming and going. Still very public but offering a little more time to hide the lewd obscene acts. He agreed and with his dog limping behind we continued up the path to an area with a large tree that we could use for cover. I again sat down and while the dog found some shade, he stood right in front of me and ran his hand over the small bulge in the front of his shorts. I got the message, my turn. I reached up, pushed his hand aside and began to feel him up through the thin unlined shorts. The small bud of a cock was hard. As my face was inches away from his crotch, I could not keep watch. I was relying on him to see anyone coming. He was facing the way people would come and could alert me to any intruder. He put both hands on the waistband of his shorts and pulled it down. His small cock and tight balls, wrapped in their elastic cock ring, were now fully exposed. He pulled my head into his groin and he rubbed himself all over my face. I always worry if my makeup is going to get smeared and that I will leave telltale trials of lipstick over his cock. I noticed for the first time that his pubic hair was soft and downy. Not the normal coarse wiry hair of other men that I have sucked off nor the bristly uneven pubic hair of my wife. I liked the feel. I felt him swivel his hips and twist my head as he aggressively left his scent and pre-cum on my face. I loved it.
When he had satisfied himself enough he directed my head down and my mouth to his cock. I took all him in one go. He moaned and groaned. He stood on his toes. He pushed me harder onto his cock.
"Can you cum for me? I want you to cum on my face." I asked between gasps for breath.
"I don't want to. It feels so good." he replied as he thrust his hips forward and began to fuck my mouth.
He finally released my head and pulled away.
"I know you are hard. Fuck me." he said as he moved to stand beside me at the bench.
He bent over, slid down his shorts and knelt on the bench. I stood up. I stood behind him as he spread his legs. I lifted the front hem of my skirt and stepped between his legs and pressed my hard cock between the cheeks of his ass. They were warm and soft. He pushed back, and if he were black, I would say he twerked. But since he was white, he just kind of wiggled and swiveled indicating he was in heat. I pushed my cock down and stepped in further. My cock nestled between the hot cheeks of his ass, before I pushed it through under his balls and as I repeatedly thrust back and forth. I felt his muscular legs against the front my naked thighs. I slipped my feet in close and using them and my knees I coaxed his legs apart. He needed to spread more if I was going to fuck him. He complied willingly and began to squirm and move his ass around searching for my cock head. I pulled back a little and let my cock slide over his perineum to just outside his sphincter. He reached back under himself and gripped my cock. He placed it directly against his hole and pushed his hips back, trying to impale himself on me. I have found that newbies to anal often like to take it easy and the easiest is for them to do the work and control the situation.
He grunted and moaned as he struggled to be penetrated. It took likely ten seconds of serious twisting and bending of knees before I was able to breach the opening. With stiff legs, I stood still and let him wiggle as I am sure his discomfort developed into the feeling of fullness he was searching for. He rested a second or two, caught his breath, then pushed back steadily until he could feel my balls slapping against his now slippery thighs. I grabbed his hips and held myself deep as he panted and groaned. He soon began little thrusts back and forth as he rode my cock. I became a little more aggressive, plunging deeper each time. After one particularly violent thrust he whimpered and fell forward.
"No more. That's all I can take for now." he pleaded.
He as on all fours with his shorts around his knees. His glistening ass exposed for anyone to see. I was standing behind him with my skirt around my waist and my rampant cock unsatisfied. I must say though, I am only so-so into being a top. I prefer to be fucked or to suck someone off. So while unfulfilled I was just as happy he wanted to stop. I stepped aside as he stood up. Reaching into my purse I took out a damp hygienic wipe that I carry and cleaned myself off. I pulled my skirt down over my half-hard but still throbbing cock as we both stood silently.
We both mumbled something and I made the excuse that I needed to go and get cleaned up for my meeting.
"Thanks. See you next time?" he said solicitously. He gave me a hug and fondled my breast as both a peace gesture and future invitation, before calling his dog. He went one way and I went the other, just in case anyone was watching.
Reaching the car, I took the sun shade out of the window and blasted the A/C to cool both the car and myself off. I pulled out of the parking lot, found a shady spot and slipped into something more modest for my meeting. Slut to business took about 10 minutes. The business meeting went well. Although taking longer than I thought, I found I still had ample time to return to the cruising spot for a bit of afternoon delight.
In the accessible stall of the closest women's restroom, I removed my business attire and returned to the semi-slut look by putting on a short wrap dress. I purposely left on my bra and panties. Both are teeny-weeny and I was virtually naked under the dress as I exited the building. I passed a few people who scant attention to me or my attire. When I got to the car, I locked my things in the trunk and began the 20 minute drive. I slipped the dress open and touched myself as I drove. If only I had a Tesla.
Mid-afternoon Thursday, the visitor parking lot was almost deserted. I easily found a spot. Getting out of the car, I smoothed my dress, loosened the dresses tie-up sash a little and picked up my handbag. I double checked my bag for a supply of handi-wipes before setting off for the upper viewing area. I adjusted my wrap-around sunglasses before taking the first steps toward the next adventure.
The upper area was unusually quiet, so I entertained myself with a series of selfies that grew more risqué as time went on. I started with some simple fashion/tourist shots but when I swept the front panel aside to expose more leg, I found myself getting excited. The gap in the dress grew wider as I wound myself up A series of pictures featuring the dress open to my hip displayed my long legs and hinted that I was wearing a thong. Not a panty line in sight - exposed from ankle to waist. I then loosened the tie a little more and was able to have the top drift open exposing my pink lace half-bra. The tan lines from my nude beach sun tanning sessions turned up the heat of the photos. My nipples poking through the lace cast tantalizing shadows. The selfies were amazing.
I moved to a new location, and leaning back against the bench with the dress gaping open, I stood in my best CFM pose. I took a few photos via the self-timer. They recorded the dress apart, my thong and bra on display and my legs apart. Hips thrust forward, I was advertising. These photos were even better.
With no one around, I got bored exhibiting myself and sat to take in the view. I adjusted the dress to be more modest and had not been sitting more than say - 5 minutes, when I noticed someone standing off to my right. I turned my head and was delighted to see a long-time admirer. I smiled. He smiled. He walked up to me.
"Hi gorgeous. Haven't seen you around much lately." he said smoothly. He was a business guy. Well kept and well dressed.
"I have away and don't get here as often as I used to. Had meetings today, so thought I would indulge myself." I replied as I stared at the front of his pants.
He moved a little closer, a little more in front. He was letting me know that his cock wanted some attention. I raised my hand and gently touched his bulge. He sighed as his hips thrust forward, pushing his still hidden cock into my hand. I leaned in and rubbed my face on the front of his trousers, feeling his hardness against my cheek.
I kissed and nibbled the outline of his swollen cock.
"Do you want me to suck you off?" I asked...almost pleaded.
"Not sure. I have date night with the wife and not sure if I can handle both."
"Darling, I know you can cum twice." I entreated.
As I urged him to reconsider, I continued to stroke him and he seemed to be weakening. I continued my caresses and looked up at him.
"Yes, I do want you to blow me." he said as he unzipped his black dress pants and took out his cock. His cock was little over average size, reasonably chubby and getting firmer by the second. I leaned forward and took him between my lips and left a red lipstick kiss on the bell end. He moaned as I continued to kiss the head and lick the shaft. He soon took my head and guided my mouth onto his cock. As I created a nice round wet opening for him, he pushed himself into me. Slowly but steadily he penetrated my mouth. He continued until I gagged, then pulled back. I caught my breath and he was soon beginning a slow rhythm of in-out, in-out, in-out.
My tongue was under the heavy shaft trying to lick his balls as his cock reached the back of my throat. He held me there as he pumped short quick bursts.
"YEAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaH" he loudly yelled as I felt his hot sperm pulse and coat the inside of my mouth. His yell was so loud I was worried that everyone in the area and in the car park would hear. However, he was watching out [I hoped] so I just was just his cum bucket. I could feel his legs shaking as he orgasmed.
I swallowed as much as I could, but even with my best efforts, I spilled a few drops on the front of his pants. I pointed it out to him so he had time to make up a story in case his wife asked what hit was.
He put his hand on my cheek. Hoarsely whispered a thank you, zipped up and left.
I was wondering if I should also leave and beat the traffic or stay to see who else might show up.