It had been about a week since my breakup and Neena my colleague had enquired about my relationship and I told what had happened.
"You poor thing!" she sympathised.
"Do you want go out with me?" she asked.
"Yeah, but where?" I asked naively.
She smiled and said, "Are you that innocent? I wanted to know you want to have a relationship with me if it's okay with you?"
"But, what about your boyfriend?" I asked surprisingly!
"I can handle you both darling", she replied.
I was thrilled at the proposal, but I knew it wasn't going to be an open relationship.
"Okay let's give it a try", I answered with a big blush.
She just held my hand since we were in office. "Let's go for a coffee", she offered me.
I followed and we reached the lift lobby, there was no one around. Anyway the lift arrived, we got in and as the door was closing we hugged and kissed only to stop when we heard a beep and the doors opened. It was our first intimate encounter and what a thrill it was. I couldn't wait to taste her again. Unlike me she didn't have to wait for she had her boyfriend with whom she could get dear with.
That evening we messaged each about our kissing in the lift and she told me that it was as if hadn't kissed a girl in a long time and right she was! It soon be became a routine that we would kiss in the lift. And time came when we both wanted to take it to the next level - a full-fledged make out! There was a client visit coming up and I had to do a presentation she said that if the presentation was successful we could make out in my flat. I agreed!
The big day came. I wore a three-piece business suit and Neena, well she wore anything but clothes! All that covered her body was a pair of black leggings that revealed her shapely legs and the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties! For a top she wore a white sleeveless kurtha top with a V-cut that exposed not only her hot cleavage but also that fact that she wore no bra! The slits of the kurtha were so high that you could see her thighs wholly. On her feet her she wore medium heels and she left her hair loose; in all she looked like a fem-fatal. Seeing her like this eased my nervousness and to add to the boost we kissed in the lift, I put my hands under her kurtha to feel the soft bare skin of her back, I then turned her around and slide my hands in her leggings to feel her clean-shaven pussy. Wow! What a thrill! But before anything else could happen the lift stopped and we had to come out.
The presentation was a grand success. We wound up by half past two in the afternoon and quickly rushed to leave office. But lo! It was raining. Good thing I had my umbrella but Neena cared less of it for she wanted to get wet in the rain. I declined the elation as I did not want to ruin my suit. She gave me her handbag and walked in front of me, she got herself drenched in the moderate rain. Soon, her body was made known to all who saw her. The wetness had rendered the white top transparent and her round boobs and hard nipples were shown, further down the black leggings gave way to fact that she wore nothing underneath as well. She then stopped and came near me.
I told her, "You look damn hot babe! I wish I could do something to you now."
"Do", she said with a naughty smile, "I don't mind!"
These words of hers turned me on and I slowly became hard. We then walked hand in hand as she came under the umbrella. Soon we reached the bus stop. There were two buses waiting, an AC bus and a non-AC one. She wanted to go in the non-AC one. I looked in, it was crowded and the passengers were predominately men.
She gave me a wicked smile and asked, "Any problem?"
"No darling", I said "As you wish!"
We got in and stood in the centre there were men on all side and all as far as I knew were trying to touch her hot body. To turn on the heat she had to lift her hand and hold the horizontal bar for support. The sight of naked hands and clean arms pits were enough to give me and I sure the other men an erection. At first she faced me, and after we bought our tickets she turned back to me so that I could rub my dick against her backside and also slip in my fingers into her pussy. And so I did, but to my surprise there was another set of fingers in already! Whose were they? I looked at her, she smiled and looked to her left, and it was another fellow passenger's. This made me jealous but I did not stop. We both coordinated and kept her happy, gently we touched and rubbed the walls of her pussy, every now and then we put a finger or two inside. She was wet, not only from the rain but from the hot action in the bus.
We reached our destination in about fifteen minutes, at the end of which she had probably reached orgasm twice at least. We got down and walked to my flat. I stayed on the ground floor and the main door of my flat opened up to a long pathway that led to the main gate. I had also tied some clothes-lines to hang my clothes.
As soon as we reached the door of my flat she told, "Hey I think I should dry my clothes."
I replied, "Yeah, sure thing!"
As I opened the door she removed her top and by the time I could turn and invite her in she was standing there naked wearing on only the heels. I stood shocked and excited with my jaws dropped. She handed me her wet clothes and I showed her in. She passed by, rubbed she naked body against mine, closed my mouth and stepped in. I quickly put her clothes to dry and entered in. She was looking around my flat, when I hugged her from behind. My fingers felt her soft sexy skin for the first time. We stood like that for some time as I kissed her neck and fondled her nipples.
"I need a drink baby!" she said.
"Whisky or vodka?" I asked her.
"Whisky on the rocks", she replied.
I poured her a large glass of whisky and dropped in a few cubes of ice. For myself I poured a small shot of whisky mixed with cranberry juice and beer.
"Cheers!" we said and drank to our new relationship.
I played some music as we drank. After the first drink I was a bit tipsy and Neena was still sober. I admired her capacity. I then held her hand as I stood and slowly pulled her to me. The song that played in the background was 'Bailando' by Enrique. I held her right hand out-stretched by my left and my right hand was on her bum. Her left hand was on my right shoulder. My right foot was in-between her feet and my left foot was next to her right. We were now ready to dance. As the song started, I pulled her closer and we started to sway left and then right with every move our bodies getting closer. Eventually her naked pussy was rubbed against my right thigh. What a thrill it was! I was in a three-piece business suit and she in her birthday suit and heels dancing to one of the sexiest songs in recent times. Now the bulge in my trousers was obvious to her as it made contact with her bare skin. She then unzipped me and took out my erect cock. It was the first time she seen it and she was happy about the way it now touched her skin. As our dancing continued my cock inched closer to her wet pussy. It was soon touching her pussy walls. She had a look of lust in her eyes. But I didn't want to give in just yet. I continued to tease her pussy with my cock rubbing against it. But this meant we could no longer dance properly and soon we stopped.
We sat and had another shot of whisky. This time she had a smoke as well and asked me to try. But I was reluctant.
She kissed me and blew the smoke into me and said, "See that wasn't bad. You've just had your first smoke."
I smile and stepped into the kitchen and called her in. She came and I lifted her and made her sit on the kitchen table. I then poured some of my whisky on her boobs and licked it off them. She loved it and groaned in ecstasy. I made her lay down on her back and poured some whisky and her stomach and licked it. She wriggled with pleasure. I then poured some on her thighs, legs and feet and licked them as well. Her excitement had reached its zenith. But I wasn't done with foreplay yet. I trickled some whisky on the slit of her pussy and licked gently as if they were her lips. I then took cubes of ice fondled her sensitivity parts with ice. She couldn't control and started fingering herself. She came as I was finishing off my drink. After she was done I carried her down. She still had her drink. She looked down at my erect cock and smiled wickedly. I nodded my head in affirmation. She knelt down and tilted her glass of whisky to encompass my dick but the glass wasn't deep enough to house the entire length of my dick. Only the dickhead and half of my phallus were draped with whisky. She then gave probably the best blow job any woman can give a man. She licked the full length of my manhood and never left a square centimetre of my balls as well.
She was now ready of our act of love-making. But no, I had other plans. I then took her into the bedroom near one of the windows. I took one of my long handkerchiefs and tied her wrists to the window. She wondered what I was going to do to her. I went to my cupboard and returned with my weapon - a long peacock's feather. I gave her a naughty smile as I gently teased her hot body with the fineness of the feather. It was buzz beyond any other for her as she squirmed about. I knew that she now on the verge of begging me and I didn't want to drive her anymore crazy. I then slide my cock inside her and it was smooth passage. I wondered how many other cocks had made their way through her horny pussy. The thought of it drove me crazy. I started ramming her gently and then a little quick. How I wished there was another guy to spank her bum while I was banging her. But I had to be content with what I was getting. After about ten minutes, I was about to cum.
"Shall I stop baby?"
"Why?"
"I'm not wearing any condom!"
"That's alright; I want you to empty your load inside me!"
And I did just that. I took about a minute for me to empty myself inside her.
"How long has it been since you shagged?"
"About a month, I guess. When did you last have a guy inside you?"
She kissed me and said, "Baby, I've had more cum inside me in a week than most women would have in their entire lifetime."
That's a lot of fucking I thought to myself. After I was spent I untied her and we sat on the bed, I hugged her and kissed her. She in turn wiped of the excess from my dick with her tongue and carefully tugged my cock back inside my trousers.
It was time for lunch and we thought we'd order for pizza. I called the pizza place and they said they'd deliver in about thirty minutes. She now wanted her pussy to be licked to pass the time till the pizza arrived. So she stood, slipped into her heels and waited. I knelt down with my face close to her pussy. What a beautiful sight it was. Clean-shaven and resembling her lips; crossways of course! I put out my tongue and slowly touched her pussy lips with it and moved it along it rim. She was moaning in excitement. I licked the entire rim of her pussy. But lo her phone rang.
"Who is it?"
"Shhh!"
"Hi baby... Yes I'm in the parlour having a head massage..."
It was her boyfriend! I didn't bother nor did I stop. I continued to gently lick her pussy and kiss in the hope that she would be distracted and cut the call. He would've been able to make out from her voice that she was very horny at that time and that something or someone was pleasuring her.
"You'll come to my place tonight baby? I miss you a lot and it's been a long time..."
What! I thought to myself, she was inviting him to her place for more sex? How many men does it take to satisfy her anyway?
"Bye I love you..." And she cut the call. She then looked down put her hands on my shoulder and made me to stand. She then wrapped her arms around my shoulder and neck and kissed me.
"Someone is jealous."
"A bit may be."
"Why baby? Don't you like me being with him?"
"No sweetheart I like you being with him as well, just wondering how long we'll keep our relationship a secret."
"Just like my other relationships!"
"Other relationships?"
"Yeah, there are six other guys..." she replied with a wicked smile.
"Six other guys, that a total of eight guys."
"Surprised?"
"Yeah, I thought there'd be fifteen at least!" I said jokingly.
"I'm working on it baby, if you don't mind."
"I don't mind at all you being with other men. You can have as many affairs as you want as long as you tell me about, before I get to know from others."
"You're so sweet, I love you. Not every man would be like you."
"I know, I love you too baby. You're so hot and beautiful, I know no man can resist you and it's not fair that I should be selfish and you're also way to horny for just one guy to satisfy you."
"But I'm selfish! I don't like my men being with other women or looking at them for any reason."
"I'm yours and yours alone."
We kissed for about five minutes. Then I got a call from office and I stepped into the kitchen to speak. As I was talking the door bell rang. Without giving a second thought, I asked Neena to answer the door. And she did, she walked straight to the door and opened it. It was the pizza guy.
"Babe our pizza is here!"
"I have cash in my wallet darling."
Then it struck, what is she wearing on? I finished my call abruptly and enter the hall. There by the door I seen the back of her hot naked body, no sign of inhibition collecting the pizza from the delivery guy. She handed him a five hundred rupee note and he in all his excitement returned five one-hundred rupee notes. She took the money and walked towards me with all smiles and blushes. I was still getting to grasp what had happened. The pizza too was shocked and waited for a few moments as he checked her swaying backside as she walked away from him. I looked at him and he didn't so much as to move an eye-lid from off of Neena's body. I also noticed that he too had a bulge in his trousers. Surely he would think of her and shag for the rest of the month. Moreover he had taken her number for whatever reasons and I knew that he would soon be hitting on her.
"I got us some free food baby!" she said as she hugged and kissed me.
"How?"
"See five hundreds."
"That's wonderful baby."
We sat down to eat half way through I had this urge of placing the pizza on Neena's naked body and eating it. I told her and she agreed to have pizza on her. She lay on the kitchen table as I placed a slice of pizza on her pussy and started eating it. I made sure my tongue licked her pussy as I ate the pizza. Another slice I place on her stomach and did the same. The taste of her naked skin and the pizza were simply superb. The meal was soon over and it was about time for her to leave. It was about ten in the night and her boyfriend would reach her home in about half an hour. She stayed pretty close, about five minutes from my place so there was nothing to worry. Or was there?
"I need to get my clothes."
"Oh yeah they're drying outside. Let me get them for you, baby."
"It's okay honey, I'll get them." She quickly walked to the main door and opened it. Voila, her clothes were gone. "Babe..."
"What happened?"
"My clothes, they're gone!"
"What? How? Must have been the pizza guy!"
"I need to go home soon baby or else he'll kill me."
"Wait, may be you can wear some of my clothes."
"No just drop me home will you, there's no time to change now."
"Drop you home like this?"
"Yeah, what's there? It's ten PM who's gonna see? And even if they did I care a damn."
"Babe it's kinda cold outside."
"Are you going to drop me or should go by myself?" she asked angrily.
"Okay let me get my bike keys and helmet. You're sure you don't need a jacket?"
"Yes I'm sure. Now hurry up!"
I quickly stepped into the bedroom, removed med my coat and slipped on my biker jacket. I then removed my shoes and put on the biker trousers and boots, then the biker gloves. I then put on a white cloth mask before putting on the helmet and walked into the half to Neena.
"You look handsome."
"Not as hot as you are baby."
We kissed and hugged each other. It was time to leave. I went outside to make sure there were no neighbours around. Then I called out to her and she came, not that she cared if anyone seen her but just to make sure I didn't get into trouble. I moved my bike outside the main gate and got onto it. As she was about to get on, there was a group guy coming our way. They'd obviously seen what she was wearing or not wearing! And making sex calls. She loved the attention. I started the bike and was about to leave when she hugged me and as we passed the group she flashed her boobs to them. They were uncontrollable and howled in ecstasy. It was about 12 degrees and even with the leather jacket on I was feeling a bit chill, but Neena with all her nudity felt as comfortable as a Queen on her throne. We soon reached her home. Who knows how many people had seen she display of tits and naked skin. She stepped down. We kissed once again and she quickly ran in. I started my bike and when I reached the end of the street, there was another bike turning in. The rider didn't see me but I saw him. It was Neena's boyfriend...