**********************
Devon and Emily are characters that originally appeared in 'Making it home for Christmas?' This is a wholly independent tale for the couple, but they needed to go on a different holiday-themed adventure. This time forNude Day.
Thank you to my editor for helping me refine the tale.

**********************
Devon -- Nude Day -- Two years from now
"Babe, could you help me put sunscreen on my back?" Emily asked as she emerged from their bedroom. Devon couldn't help staring, mouth a gape, as she was wearing nothing but a pair of very bright pink running shoes, a couple of small diamond stud earrings, and her wedding ring. They went strikingly well with the matching pink bow corralling her long dark-colored locks. Emily had only gotten more attractive in the two and a half years they had been together and the year and a half that they had been wed. After the gym, she spent considerable time in the bathroom preparing everything for today. Her makeup game was on point, even if she was wearing next to nothing.
Devon's beautiful wife was tall for a woman but a few inches shorter than him. Em's body was in fantastic shape. Her interest in kickboxing had greatly contributed to that. Most evenings, Devon cooked for the pair, leaving her more time to hit the gym after work. Having a hiking partner in all the seasons probably didn't hurt either. She was lithe, lean, toned, and strong everywhere. Emily's breasts were large, well-shaped, and perky with perfect, small, light pink nipples that he used to drive her crazy. Her stomach was toned and flat, with not quite washboard abs but a prominent core. His eyes fell further to her gorgeous, waxed pussy, then traversed her long, firm legs.
Dev was reclining against the kitchen counter as he read a novel on his e-reader. It was instantly forgotten the moment Emily made her entrance. He hoped his wife never tired of him staring at her agog. How could Dev not? She was simply the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, and Em liked to be naked. Dev would never forget how lucky he was to have her in his life.
"Of course, my love. As long as you return the favor later." He stole a sweet kiss from her vibrant pink glossed lips as Emily handed him a large orange bottle of SPF 80, "Though, maybe something a bit weaker than this for me." He rubbed the creamy substance between his palms to warm it up before putting it on her back. Em still jumped a little as he smeared the viscous liquid across her. Even in the middle of the summer his wife had a delightful pale complexion, a fantastic contrast with his own. It somehow persisted with all their time outdoors during the warm season. She did tan a little, evidenced by her alluring and subtle tan lines. It had taken half the summer to work up to a tan, but her skin's tolerance before she burnt was incredibly narrow, hence the high-proof lotion.
"We can't all have your perfect dark skin tone, dear." She looked back with an endearing smile. Emily pulled her long, dark ponytail over her shoulder so it would not dip into the still wet sunscreen, "Getting nervous?" Her backside was just as sexy as the front. She would have no problem taking care of putting lotion on her butt. Still, Devon couldn't waste the opportunity as he rubbed her seductive cheeks.
"Are you?" Devon tried to deflect as he could feel his heart race.
Emily gave him the smallest of shrugs.
"You're the one that's running this show. I would be lying if I said no, but it's your dream. I would do anything to make my gorgeous wife happy on her thirty-fourth birthday." His hands slowly massaged in the lotion, making sure to spend a little extra time where she usually carried stress in her shoulders. "Are you sure that you want to do it this year?" He questioned. Dev used the mirror across the room to gauge her facial expressions.
A sly smile crept over her lovely features precipitating a confident nod, "I'm hoping this time next year I'll be very pregnant. I want to do this in the best shape of my life." Devon and Emily planned to start working on a family on their second wedding anniversary. She would stop taking birth control come December, "Especially if my photographer is going to be following me."
"Your photographer is always going to be following you." Devon spun her around and leaned down to kiss her perfect lips. Emily leaned into and embraced him; her tongue danced around his own. "I love you, Emily Julianne Rogers." His wife had taken the opportunity when she changed her last name to incorporate her original first name as her middle one, melding her past and present. A dozen years ago, Emily had moved to Colorado and changed her name to escape an ex-fiancé's incessant harassment.
Devon could scarcely help himself as he stared into his wife's unique and lovely eyes. They almost seemed to sparkle. Her eyes were decorated by central heterochromia which meant, in her case, that her pupils were surrounded by a nearly orange iris coloration ring. Further out, the color shifted to mesmerizing emerald green. They had joined with her winning personality to hypnotize him into hanging around with her when he was just supposed to pass through the sleepy town. That, and saving his life by pulling him out of an icy river. If he hadn't had his truck destroyed by an errant semi while he was taking pictures, he might never have even stopped in for a cup of coffee.
"You better," Em teased him with a pouty smirk before adding, "I love you too, Devon." Another kiss followed this one, somehow far more passionate than the previous. Devon could feel his cock ascending. A quicky before they ventured into their town seemed a tantalizing possibility. Then again, their quickies almost always managed to elongate. Their sex life had never seemed to transition to dull. Instead, it seemed to improve as they fully felt each other out. Nothing made him happier than Emily climaxing.
Dev couldn't help but let his fingers glide down his wife's smooth, lotion-slicked body. His fingertips slid around her smooth labia, the middle finger grazing between her parted lips.
"Umm..." Emily's hips canted toward the touch, and she opened her stance a little.
This change in position invited Devon's middle finger to slip into her nectar-drenched vagina. His wife wouldn't admit it, but the prospect of being seen naked had her turned on. Em needed to cum and he tried to facilitate her wanting. His middle finger picked up speed as they made out.
Devon joined his middle digit with his ring finger, his palm pressed against her clit on each repetition. Emily further opened her legs as she slouched back against the couch. Her eyes begged for more as Dev's left fingers began teasing her right breast. He bent over and sucked the opposite nipple gently into his mouth. His tongue circled and pleased the hardpoint. Dev released the right breast, and his hand traveled down to his waist to free his rigid member. Em needed to cum.
A knock on the front door obliterated the prospect of anything further happening now. "That must be Kyra," Emily said as she stepped back out of his grasp with a laugh and changed her stance to be a little less revealing. Devon tried to look nonchalant as he hid his honey-slicked digits behind his back and leaned against a counter to hide his erection.
"Hey, Emily, Devon, you two already have your outfits on." She walked in without waiting for a response. However, that was their fault as they had left the door open for her. Kyra was a short Latina, leaning toward the plump side, but she carried her body confidently. Realistically, it was likely more muscle than flab because she was an incredible athlete. The baggy clothes made her appear frumpier than her actual figure. Which happened to look fantastic in a bikini. The choice of a dark green blouse and khaki shorts seemed pretty good on her brown skin. Long dark brown hair cascaded loosely behind her shoulders, helping to show off her bright smile and deep brown eyes.
Kyra was not a new friend, but one that, up until last year, only made her appearance during the summers. Devon had heard several stories about her and Emily's summertime escapades but had not met the woman until after he had proposed to Em. Devon passed the test when she finally showed up with her husband in tow that summer.
Typically, Kyra would have already been in town before the proposal, but Ky had spent an extra month in France getting married that summer in a small but elegant ceremony. Before Devon, Kyra had been a close friend but now seemed to vie for the best friend spot with Artie. She had been Em's maid of honor for their wedding, though it meant flying into town from France. Devon had pilfered Artie to be a groomsman. Artie had been a catalyst for the two getting together and liked to brag that he knew they would get married the first time they talked together in his coffee shop.
Living here all year round starting last summer had probably helped more than a little with Kyra's closer new status. The younger woman was born in town to second-generation immigrant parents that now owned a small outdoor adventure and hotel empire.
Kyra had spent what was supposed to be one winter in the French alps working at a ski resort, scouting and learning what they did differently in Europe the year after she graduated from college. She fell in love with one of the chefs training at the resort. Soon, he was spending his summers in Colorado, and she went away to France for the winters. Ky had been stuck in Europe for an entire year during the pandemic, which seemed to cement her and JP's romance. Em was convinced that they were on that path far before she got stuck in France
Last year Jean Pierre opened his own restaurant in one of the ski resorts in a nearby city. He ran a café in town when the ski resort had limited visitors during the summer, and the city picked up tourists. The couple bought a bungalow in the village so Kyra could manage a rafting company along with the social media and online presence of her parents' endeavors. They split time between that place and a small condo up at the ski resort during the winter.
Today was Ky's first exposure to his wife's naked pursuits. Her friend had, of course, known of her preferences, but it was surprising that she had not at least happened upon Emily naked in their home. The young woman spent enough time hanging out on the recliner in the front room or singing karaoke with Em. She and her husband, Jean Pierre, were the outdoorsy type. Just not the hiking or fishing parts, Emily's favorite activities in the nude. Skiing, snowboarding, rafting, and kayaking filled Kyra and her husband's schedule.
"You sure you don't want us to join you?" Kyra questioned as she kept checking out his wife. He couldn't blame her. This was the first time she had seen Em naked, and she was stunning. He briefly recalled the first time he had seen Emily sans clothing. It had made him completely forget about being nearly hypothermic from an accidental plunge into a frozen river. Dev hoped Ky couldn't somehow tell that they were about to get amorous before she interceded unwittingly.
"After Artie's, yes, but I'm the only one naked in my fantasy." Emily started putting on sunscreen again as she spoke. She had conspicuously started with the saliva-covered nipple. His wife had to know how the stance put her on intimate display. She was likely getting over any nerves still bubbling unseen by anyone save her husband, who knew her so well.
"I'm going to check on the pork shoulder." Devon walked away to let the two women talk as he ensured the barbeque would be ready for the big party this evening. The pellet grill kept its temperature very well, so he didn't have to constantly monitor the cook of the pulled pork. An app on his phone and a helpful neighbor would ensure that nothing overcooked or caught fire. Dev really enjoyed getting into smoking meats again. His paternal grandfather had been quite the pitmaster.
He harbored a birthday surprise that Dev was debating if he was handling correctly. The couple had been trying to buy a bigger house on the outskirts of town, which was step one to having a family. Emily's place was only a few blocks from downtown and quite cozy for the newlyweds. It was in a lovely and close enough location to walk to the gym or Artie's on days that Emily took his truck to one of the nearby towns. The two-bedroom, two-bath was too small for a family, especially since one of the bedrooms already served as Devon's office.
A California couple had built an elegant new home in a small new housing addition just outside the current city limits. They never moved in because one of the two women had to return to the office after the pandemic passed. It was a log cabin-inspired house with giant windows, a fantastic view of the mountains, and a nice-sized, fenced-in backyard. Emily loved it but thought it was just outside their price range. Devon had just gotten a surprising twenty percent raise at work on Thursday, a secret he had yet to reveal to his wife as part of her birthday gift. The house was theirs if they wanted it. All they needed to do was carve out some time at the bank with their upcoming week off. Which might be more of a problem than it would seem. Both Emily and Devon's families were due in town tomorrow afternoon.
Devon had the key to the place in a box, alongside another with a new silver necklace that would complete her current ensemble. The pair were in the console of his truck; hopefully, he would get a chance to present it all sometime before the party. Dev was a little apprehensive that perhaps he had done too much without clueing in his wife. He hadn't officially signed anything yet, so nothing was set in stone.Emily will like the surprise,Dev reassured himself. He wanted to make his stunning wife's thirty-fourth birthday her best thus far.
Emily -- That Same time
Em could scarcely believe how close she was to fulfilling one of her most pervasive fantasies. Two years ago, Colorado had passed legislation to officially recognize National Nude Day as a legal holiday. The law would not allow lewd or lascivious behavior in the nude, but just being naked was perfectly acceptable for one day of the year. Last year Emily and Devon had spent the Friday at a giant celebration in Denver. Emily was participating and working as an unclothed officer to assure the safety of the revelers in the massive crowd. She had to employ her hand-to-hand combat skills to subdue a drunk that wouldn't take no for an answer from a young college student. It made for an exciting day in court a couple of weeks later when she appeared as a witness.
Spending her special day in her birthday suit had become an annual tradition since Emily had started feeling comfortable in the nude again. She had stayed clothed for the first few years after her ex-fiancé's betrayal. Her brain had screamed that if anyone saw her naked, they would automatically connect her to the news stories. Eventually, though, what felt natural won out again.
Usually, the nudity was on a trail with only Artie, Bill, and recently, Devon. Last year it was in Denver, and now it was finally at home. The only activity she could not do in the nude was work out at the gym earlier. Em had a plan to be naked for the twenty-four hours before her and Devon's families rolled into town for summer vacation.
Her marriage to Devon had been very happy. He was so loving and patient with her even though she occasionally battled feelings that she was not good enough for her beau. What her ex-fiancé had done to her a decade ago had fucked her up for far too long. Therapy and a caring husband finally made her realize that the trauma was not on her. The asshole that was now in prison was the one to blame. She shook her head just a little, unwilling to concentrate more than a moment on him on her special day.
Her husband, and no doubt her soulmate, worked from home during the summer and mainly at Artie's during the winter. Artie liked the company during the doldrums of the sleepy, cold, snowy season, and Devon wanted to have somewhere to go to work. He had made a home for himself in the small town, Dev found a mountain biking club to join, and Artie had convinced him to start a photography class at the community center during the short days. He had found a best friend in Carl, a fellow computer nerd and mountain biker in town. Carl and Luann, his cute, petite fiancée, would be at the party later this evening.
Emily having a partner in crime for naked and clothed adventures had been a boon to her outdoor activities. She had been an avid outdoorswoman before Dev, but now she spent over half of the warm season weekends camping, hiking, and fishing. Most of the time, Devon joined her in being nude, except when he had to play the lookout. He always played along but knew it was far more vital to her than to him. Maybe even more importantly, their sex life had been astounding. She kept waiting for the monotony of only sleeping with one man to sink in, but Devon constantly found new ways to thrill her. Every time she was convinced that Devon had helped her achieve the best orgasm of her life, he would find a way to push her higher.
Not everything had been a perfect storybook tale for the pair. The week after their first anniversary, someone finally connected Emily and her bevy of sex tapes posted to the internet by her jackass, vengeful, and abusive ex-fiancé. Catching the asshole cheating and breaking off the engagement had triggered him to post the ten explicit videos on the internet and harass her family, work, and friends with the films that were only supposed to be for the couple. It was why Emily had changed her name from Julie, ended an internship, dropped out of law school, moved to a small town in another state, and then enrolled in the police academy.
Last winter Devon and Emily had spent the week back home in the Kansas City area for Christmas and New Year's with their families when she got a frantic text from Artie about the videos. This time, Emily refused to run away. Yes, that was her in the videos, but it was not her choice to put them out. Em held her head high when she got back to town. It had made for an awkward few weeks, but soon the hubbub died down.
If those videos had not leaked into the town's consciousness, it was doubtful that she would be prepared to celebrate Nude Day in her adopted and hopefully permanent home. Almost everyone in the city had likely seen her having sex on tape; seeing her stroll naked would be less embarrassing. Emily couldn't help being excited about fulfilling her dream from before moving here. It had been a frequent fantasy since she was a college freshman. Even when she lived back in Kansas, the vision had always involved a summer day in this Colorado town, where her family used to spend a week each summer on vacation.
"Not bad for an old woman," Kyra said with an audacious and taunting look. Kyra would be thirty in a week and a half and liked to rib Emily for being four years older than her.
"I'm not that much older than you. Your husband is ancient compared to me." Jean Pierre was only one day older than Emily; the birthday party later would be a celebration amongst friends for both. JP was only ten minutes her senior when time zones were considered. Emily liked to tease Kyra's husband by telling him he was an old man. He would taunt her back, calling her Le Bébé.
"My God, Emily, I thought I was jealous of you in a bikini." Kyra was staring at her from across the room, "How are your boobs that big and still perky? It's unreasonable. Shouldn't they be sagging? You know, on account of you being old. How big are they?" Her best friend stepped closer.
"34C. They're not nearly as nice as yours."
"Mine may be bigger, but yours are perfect. Can... Can I feel them?" Kyra was not one to get embarrassed quickly.
"Just because I'm naked..." She trailed off but leaned forward with an inviting giggle.
Kyra took that as an invitation, examining each breast with awe, "Wow, they are so firm!" She squeaked with excitement.
"Careful there. You're going to make Devon jealous." Emily didn't mind the attention. She stepped back and continued to put on sunscreen, "You look cute too, girl. Are you sure you want to join in at Artie's?"
"Yeah, Jean Pierre is looking forward to participating. I hope you don't mind me checking you out." Kyra's eyes kept gliding up and down Emily's body. Em had almost forgotten that her friend had yet to see her naked.
"If I was concerned about it, I wouldn't be preparing to walk naked through town." Emily set down the sunscreen bottle and leaned against the counter in the small kitchen. She left her legs shoulder-width apart, not hiding anything.
"Yeah, well, this makes my dormant bisexual side very happy." Kyra smiled broadly. Her best friend was shorter and stockier than Emily but looked terrific in her own way. She had a near-constant smile on her dark red-stained lips. The color choice looked incredible on her perpetually tanned features. Ky's smile broadened, "Your little pussy is so cute, waxed, and smooth. I'll bet it tastes really nice too." She blushed as she said it. Ky probably thought she had finally gone too far.
"It's delicious." Devon stepped back into the kitchen with a bright and proud smile. He knew exactly how to rattle Kyra. The pair tended to verbally spar; it always remained playful, "Your husband is an astounding chef, but Em is still the best thing I have tasted in town."
Devon looked spectacular in a pair of salmon-colored shorts and a contrasting greenish-gray button-up. Her husband was in fantastic shape; it probably helped that they propelled each other to the gym nearly every day. Devon's dark skin was warm, with its natural walnut tones darkened just a little from the summer sun.
Her tall, muscley, nerdy, funny, loving, perfect husband spent almost as much time in the gym as she did. It was where he spent his lunch break most days. When the air still had a bite of chill, a morning run was a required couple's activity before work. They kept the routine going during the colder months but racing each other on the treadmill was not nearly as fun. That and they couldn't have shower sex at the gym. Although, they had indulged once when they were there doing a favor well past closing time for Bill, the gym's owner, and Artie's husband.
Devon shaved his head, save for one attempt to grow it out last winter. He was shocked that he now had a massive bald spot. Emily doubted Dev would ever try growing it out again, though he looked handsome to her either way.
"So, what's the plan?" Kyra asked, quickly changing the subject.
"Well, we need to buy groceries for the birthday party tonight. I'll get in my truck and drive to the store." Emily had a bright orange International Scout that she had rebuilt with her father years ago. It now spent most of the year in the one-car garage as Emily drove Devon's electric SUV into work most mornings. Last night, they had taken the classic out of the garage and removed the hardtop this morning. Emily was going to be on display everywhere they went. "Did you check the store? Are they allowing nudity?"
Nudity was allowed in any public location in the state, but private businesses could forbid it on their premises. Emily would have to go elsewhere if there was a sign hanging on the door with what looked to be an array of gingerbread people in a rainbow of skin tones and a slash through it.
"I drove by on my way over. Yeah, and you're not the only one participating either. Just the hottest." Kyra grinned.
"That's good, I suppose," Emily said flatly. She was the only one naked in her fantasy. On the other hand, it was nice to know she would not be the center of attention or cause a scene. Em had already let her Chief in on her plans. She was a veteran police officer for the town.
In the last couple of years, Emily had been promoted to lieutenant. That promotion meant she was now in charge of the six officers in town for her shift during the summer. That would pare back to just three officers during the winter months. She would oversee operations of her city when she advanced to captain in a few years. Her department spanned a group of four small towns. Two that had ski resorts and two that depended on summer tourism. Her Chief, who kept his main office here, was in charge of all four towns' police. The far more awkward conversation had been letting her coworkers know that she would be observing Nude Day. She knew that she would inevitably run across at least a couple of them if she spent her day naked.
"You and Devon are going to follow me in his truck. Devon can't take his camera into the supermarket, but it would be nice if you sneak a covert pic or two on your phone." It was still odd that she was so happy being the frequent subject of Dev's lens after what had happened a decade ago. Devon was always careful to not include her eyes and only share photos that could not be used to ID her. Emily loved how her husband could make her look in an image. In fact, she had her heart set on an excellent photo of her from behind, standing at the edge of an overlook, wearing only a backpack and boots.How nice would it look right there over the fireplace?She thought. It would look like an exceptional and unique fine art print.
"Afterward, I'll walk across the parking lot to the liquor store and pick up a few beverages for the party." Emily leaned back, pulled herself up on the island, and took a seat, legs still apart. She was glad nervous energy was not allowing her libido to get out of control. Even with that apprehension, her body was on the verge of dripping a torrent of honeyed excitement. Em needed to schedule a covert sex break with Devon between now and her birthday party.
"Holy shit, girl, you get hotter," Kyra said with a laugh, her eyes wide as Emily could feel her friend's gaze on her exposed womanhood.
"I know, right?" Devon couldn't help snapping a photo from across the room, "Hottest woman alive, no question, and she married me. I'm the luckiest man in the world." He was beaming proudly. She appreciated that Devon believed that, but Em thought she was too fit and muscular for that opinion to be shared by the majority of the populace.
Emily blushed under the twin gazes, "After that, we'll come home and unload the car. We'll go park behind Artie's." The small parking lot only had room for a few cars, but she knew the owner. Finding a parking spot downtown was typically tricky during the summer, "Then, Devon will take me for a stroll down by the river. Kyra, you'll take Devon's camera and snap a photo or two."
Devon was a late addition to her dream. Though the part in her most recent daydream where they had sex for all to see on the main walking bridge over the river would be unachievable. Something was so freeing and right about being naked in the warm summer sun. It hadn't always been about sex for Emily, but now it was a constant buzz in the back of her mind.I blame Dev.She wished that Kyra had been her customary twenty minutes late to social activities so Dev could have finished what he had started.
"Then, we'll go to Artie's?" Kyra questioned and flopped onto the recliner, finally getting comfortable with Emily's new state of dress.
"No, I have one more stop planned. I think I need a new pair of running shoes. And maybe a new bow if they don't match what I'm wearing." Emily couldn't help it as she brought up a foot to show off her current shoes and pulled her ponytail back over her shoulder.
"So, we need to stop by Bill's, huh?" Dev came over and sat beside her, knowing precisely what she was thinking. Artie's husband owned the gym and a more general sporting goods store. If she was going to make an appearance at Artie's, she needed to stop by his partner in crime. Bill had been the first to discover her naked wanderings off on secluded paths nearly a decade ago. It only seemed right to include him in the plans now that it was legal once a year.
"Yeah, I kinda have to. After that, I'll go get my usual at Artie's. Hopefully, there's a line. There's always a line in my dreams." Also, in the visions, no one seemed to bat an eye at her state of dress; she doubted that would happen.
"I guess we'll join in and walk over to JP's café for lunch." Kyra squirmed in the recliner a little. She wasn't wholly hiding her nerves.
"That's the plan. Kyra, do you want to quickly put your car in the neighbor's driveway? Sally's out of town for the week, and cars in the street tend to get hit." Em hoped that Devon was catching the 'give us a couple of minutes alone' look.
"Yeah, since we're taking my SUV," Devon added as he collected his camera bag.
"Oh, okay, I did drive the new truck, thanks!" She said cheerily as she jumped up and sped out the door.
Emily got up from her perch and gathered a small shoulder bag and a more oversized tote. The shoulder bag had her wallet, put her on better display, and could be used anywhere she didn't need to sit down. The tote held the towel that would be required at the café. She then pulled Devon into a long, slow kiss. Then looked him in the eyes, "I have one more task for you to fit into the itinerary." Her eyebrows arched up suggestively, "I think you'll really enjoy this one, though."
Devon smiled, hinting he had an idea of what she wanted, "What's that, babe?"
"Find us an hour alone sometime this afternoon." She whispered in his ear, "I need you to fuck me before the party. I'm so fucking horny." She planted another kiss on his lips, "If it weren't for the nerves, my pussy would be blooming and dripping right now, and I don't need that during the party."
"Yes, ma'am. I believe I can handle that." He said with a grin and then leaned in for one more passionate kiss.
"You know, being naked didn't make me so excited before you." She pushed him away playfully before giving in and having sex with him right here, regardless of her best friend walking in on them.
"I'd say sorry, but you know you love me." A confident smirk was adhered to him, "Why don't we get your birthday started." He pulled out his camera and shot another photo. These would be just for them.
"I love you Always, Devon." She said with one more sweet kiss, "I just need your cock soon."
"Are you two old people just going to hang around all day? Let's get going!" Kyra burst back through the front door. Em thought she may have overheard the last sentence but was unbothered.
Emily grabbed her keys from the hook beside the front door and sunglasses from the table, "No time like the present." She said and took one long slow breath, trying to calm her now racing heart rate.I can do this.There was no way she would back down from what came next, but nerves nearly displaced the excitement.
Devon's strong hands were on her shoulders again; they released considerable tension with a single squeeze, "I hope you don't mind me cutting ahead and grabbing some pictures for us later."
"I insist, in fact." She slowed her steps.
"Good, have fun, Emily. Happy birthday, babe." One more quick peck further steeled her nerves.
"Thanks, Devon. You too, Kyra; I know this isn't your idea. Thanks for coming along." Emily stepped out of her house and into the warm sunlight. It felt sublime as it caressed her body. She slid on her sunglasses and smiled broadly as she looked up and down the street. Her neighbors were doing yard work or gardening, typical for a stunningly perfect summer day. The growing season was not too long at this high of an elevation. They had to embrace any day they got. She smiled and waved like nothing out of the ordinary was going on.
Devon took several snapshots of her as she walked out the door and got into her Scout. The dark leather seats felt warm on her bare ass. The surface would be uncomfortable if it got much hotter. She had to remember to leave a towel on the leather when she went into the store. When she started the truck and put it into first gear, there was no turning back as she made her dream real.
Devon -- A Few moments down the road
Devon could scarcely believe this was a reality; Emily looked deliriously happy. This was only the third time he could recall that level of absolute glee on her visage. The first was when he proposed less than six months after they started dating. Once they had taken a road trip together to Kansas, for Emily's first time in a decade, and come back to Colorado, Devon had no doubt they would be together forever. The five months between then and his proposal seemed so superfluous now. The second time she had that infectious grin set to that level was when she stood beside him in a stunning white dress and said I do.
He followed her, camera lens down in the cup holder beside him as Em drove naked through town. He should be far more nervous about things than he was, but all Devon could think about was securing some alone time for the pair. His wife needed to orgasm, and he would do anything to help her out before her party.
"Damn, your wife is even hotter naked." Kyra kept her eyes fixed ahead as she watched Emily in her Scout.
"Yeah, she is. I don't know how she gets much more confident in the nude. This can't be the first time you've seen her. You've known her for years." Devon had only known Emily for three days when she cut him in on her lifestyle. Then again, she had just saved his life and needed to get out of her cold, wet clothes.
"Believe it or not, it is. Apparently, Emily let another woman before in on her secret, and that woman went full bitch mode on Em. After that, she didn't let anyone else know, at least not until you showed up." Kyra brushed her long brunette hair over her shoulders.
"She told me about that. I guess it makes a lot of sense. You never got curious and peeked at any of her videos?" Devon had thought that every adult in town had at least tangentially run across one of the films.
"No, it didn't seem right. I was intrigued, though. Have you seen them?" Traffic was pretty heavy through downtown in the warmth of the late morning. The vast majority of people on the busy city streets were clothed, but more than a couple of people were celebrating Nude Day, and no one seemed to be making a big deal about it. That would help Emily achieve what she wanted in her imagination.
"Yeah, she insisted we watch them all after we got together. I don't think she'd mind you watching them now. Emily's come to terms with it." He explained as the cars idled around him in traffic. He rolled down the window and smiled as he heard his wife sing along to the radio in front of them. Dev picked up his camera and snapped a quick shot, there wouldn't be much in the frame, but he needed to capture her singing in the reflection of the rearview mirror.
"It wasn't weird seeing her have sex with another penis?" Kyra seemed to fixate on the anatomy. She believed, like him, her asshole abusive ex Josh didn't fully deserve person status.
"What that jackass did to her was what bothered me, not the sex. I knew we weren't virgins when we got together. I sure as hell hoped she had fun before me." Devon was solemn as he rolled through the intersection, just making the light and staying behind Emily, "Besides, it was two penises. One of the videos is a threesome." He added as a joke to keep Kyra on her toes.
"Your girl was wild before you," Kyra said with a tone that tried to jab back.
"She still is," Devon smiled, "Hey, could I ask you for a couple of favors?" He changed the subject; he was running out of time before they arrived at the supermarket.
"What would that be?"
"Well, first, you know my one weakness. Could you help me wrap a couple items in the console?" Devon's lack of skill in gift wrapping was a running joke in the group of friends.
Kyra opened the console and pulled out a couple of jewelry boxes, "What do we have here?" They paused at one more stoplight. Kyra opened the longer of the two packages first, revealing a gorgeous silver necklace with a pendant of an emerald surrounded by small diamonds, "Wow, this is beautiful; it'll look great with her eyes."
"That was my thought. I think it'll look fantastic with what she has on now. I want to give it to her on our walk while I still have pockets to hide it in." Devon couldn't help a proud smile.
"You have wrapping supplies?" Kyra asked with a smile.
"In the back, plan b was just a gift bag."
"We're better than that!" Kyra announced. They both knew Emily preferred a well-wrapped gift, "What's the other?" She opened the second box to reveal a house key lying atop some cotton batting.
"I got a raise at work. We can afford the house; I want to surprise her."
"Wow, Dev, this is big."
"You think she'll like it? I hope it doesn't seem like I'm keeping anything from her." They only made it halfway to the stoplight before it turned red again.
"She'll love it, Dev. How long have you known about the raise?" Kyra had a momentary flash of concern.
"Since Thursday. I would've already told her if it was any longer, but this seemed like a great way to surprise her on her birthday." Devon said, a little worried.Maybe this is a bad idea.
"You're a good man, Devon. What was the other favor? Do you need me to wrap this too? That seems like a single ask." Kyra looked over with an antagonizing smile.
"No, I need one more thing. Could you see if you could move our reservations at Jean Pierre's by an hour? I want to take Emily by the house and surprise her." Devon would not reveal that he also wanted to use that hour to return to his house and have sex with Emily.
"Yeah, I'll see what I can do. Why don't you follow your naked wife into the store? I'll take care of things. I think my husband might just have an unexpected tour group coming through." Kyra pulled out her phone as Devon parked beside Emily.
"How do you want to do this?" Devon couldn't help snapping a clandestine picture of Emily as she got out of her Scout. He noticed she spread her legs seductively as she did so; peeks of the wetness of her vagina glinted from the late morning sun, "Wow."
Emily smiled smugly, "We're going to go shopping like usual. Don't even act like I'm wearing a different outfit. Do you have the shopping bags?"
"Of course." He grabbed the reusable bags from behind the driver's seat. "You'll make acting like you're wearing your usual rather difficult." She beamed at him in response. Devon then left his camera in the truck and handed Kyra the keys, "She'll join us in a minute; Ky's talking to Jean Pierre."
"He's still going to meet us at Artie's, right?" She followed him around to the side of his truck.
"I think so; let's go shopping, babe." Devon reached out and grabbed Emily's hand. He did his best to act like everything was normal as they walked into the store.
Emily -- A few minutes later
In all her fantasizing, Emily had not thought she would be so desperately horny when walking around and doing her everyday activities naked. She kept thinking that everybody in the store had to be seeing how pointy her nipples were and how her labia were swollen, showing peeks of bright pink inside. Em was glad that a small semblance of apprehension kept her womanhood from dripping copious amounts of nectar. She stayed calm as they perused the aisles like a typical Sunday morning shopping trip. Another couple had come into the shop naked, likely tourists, as they were not anyone she recognized. They were in their mid-forties and out of shape, but that did not sap their confidence.
She really wanted to take Devon to a back room and make love to her husband. Instead, she did her best to stay relaxed and help her husband pick out ears of sweet corn for the grill and a medley of vegetables for a salad. Yes, it made her ecstatic to finally live out her dream, but she thought her excitement would be on a low simmer and not constantly threatening to boil over. Still, this was her one opportunity to live out a fantasy, and she would do everything in her power to embrace it while she could.
It took Kyra about five minutes to make an appearance in the store. She was not the most covert about sneaking a photo of Devon and Emily on her phone. Emily just tried to ignore it and keep shopping. Though she might have reached a little more performatively when she stretched for some cheese at the bottom of the dairy case, the growl Devon involuntarily issued from across the aisle let her know that he noticed the full display of her quim. She saw another couple, the man looking slack-jawed as his wife elbowed him in the ribs; she couldn't blame the guy.
Em stood before she let herself daydream of Devon giving in to his animal instincts and railing her right there as she bent over the dairy case. She imagined the rest of the store ignoring them as they fucked. She shook her head and then smiled at Dev with an arched eyebrow. It was hard to miss her husband with a box of cereal held awkwardly in front of him to conceal his erection.Nice to know someone is as turned on as me.
They took their usual time meandering through the store, buying things for the evening and breakfast for the week. Typically, they would purchase several meals worth of items for the week, but with family in town, there was no planning beyond picking up some staples and fresh berries in season. Their niece and nephews would get a kick out of them. Concentrating on family and the mundane food items brought the heat down to a low simmer. Things slowly morphed closer to her dream where she was the only one naked, and no one was making a big deal out of things. Though she was getting far more stares than in her fantasies.
The most awkward part was when it was time to check out; Emily had to stand in front of the checker as he slowly scanned and bagged their selection, "Mrs. Rogers?" Sebastian, a college student that spent his summers working in the same store he had in high school, was staring at her with his mouth hanging open.
"We have our own bags." Emily tried to pretend nothing was out of the ordinary.
"I like your outfit." Sebastian smiled and returned to checking, "I wanted to celebrate Nude Day too, but the company won't allow it. OSHA regulations or something. Is it your first time celebrating?"
"No, I worked undercover at the big party in Denver last year." This was markedly different than his usual talk about football. He was a big fan of the local team, while she and Devon supported their division rivals from Kansas City.
"I sometimes forget you're a cop. Anything exciting happen at the party in Denver?" He was incredibly nonchalant as he continued to scan and bag her purchases.
"It was mostly peaceful, but I did have to arrest a guy that got a little handsy with a coed. That kind of B.S. is sadly the norm for a big party with alcohol." Emily tapped her smartwatch, pulling up her debit card to pay when the order was done.
"That's too bad. I went back down to school in Fort Collins to celebrate last year. It was a good time. Lots and lots of body paint, though. Your husband not joining in the celebration?" Sebastian was a veteran at efficiently checking out customers and carrying on a conversation.
"Not yet." Emily did not want to explain her fantasy to a twenty-one-year-old. Instead, she lightly ribbed her husband, "I think he's still working up the courage." She hoped he wouldn't mind. Em turned toward her husband with a wink.
"Shopper's card?" The young man was down to the last couple of items on the belt.
"I have my phone number. I'm usually better at remembering that." Emily coded in her number.
Sebastian smirked, "Aren't I the one that should be distracted?"
The rest of the grocery store adventure went smoothly, though she did get some odd stares out in the parking lot. She may or may not have been leaning in to push things further into Dev's SUV than usual. She liked the way her husband couldn't take his eyes off her.
"Hey, Emily, I have bad news about your carefully constructed plans." Kyra fidgeted a little as she held her phone uncomfortably.
"What's that, Ky?" She pressed the button on the liftgate and pushed the cart into the corral a couple spaces over.
"Jean Pierre just let me know they have a busload of tourists coming through during our reservation. He asked if we could push our time an hour and a half." Ky's phone rose as she took another picture of Emily.
An extra hour and a half would be perfect.Maybe they could get some alone time back home to clear Em's head, "Sure, not a problem." Dev needed to turn down the heat on the pulled pork a little, "Maybe Devon and I can get some more things ready for the party."
"Uh, but you want to go by Bill's, and he's only there until one or so," Devon replied and looked a little flustered. Was he hiding something?
"Oh, shoot, you're right. We'll just have to keep Artie company a little longer." Emily flashed Devon a frustrated look. She needed to get fucked.
"I may have an idea on how to spend an extra hour after we go to Artie's." He said with a smile. Now Em knew for sure that her husband had something planned, "JP still meeting us at the coffee shop, or is he needed for the tour group?"
"Yeah, he'll be at Artie's. He wants to give his new chef some practice." Kyra explained. Emily caught a quick flash of something on her best friend's face. Whatever Devon had schemed up, Ky was in on it.
"Good, I guess we should get the liquor for the party." Emily started across the parking lot, offering a hand to Devon, which he instantly took.
"What are you thinking, babe?" Devon inquired.
"I can't decide between Margaritas or Long Island iced teas. What goes better with pulled pork?"
"I think either would be good, though if we get stuff for Long Islands, we might just get a bigger bottle of tequila. Both need that and triple sec, so you don't have to decide now." As they stepped into the liquor store, Devon was getting better at keeping his calm, relaxed demeanor.
"Hey, at least let me buy a couple bottles. The party's for you and Jean Pierre." Kyra insisted, "I want to get some good vodka for JP anyways."
"Sure, thanks, Ky." Her husband may be French but preferred vodka to the stereotypical wine.
The liquor store was closer to her fantasy, just walking the aisles and perusing the ample selection like nothing was different. No one was staring; the clerk looked bored behind the counter. They found several decent bottles. They were splurging a little, but her birthday was only once a year. It only took them five minutes to gather their selections. In that short time, a line formed, and the petite young employee shifted quickly from bored to rattled.
"Hey, LT, you weren't kidding about observing Nude Day?" One of the more recent guys on the force was walking in the door. He worked the second shift, so he was not a direct report. The man was new in the city but had been an officer in Denver for seven years before he decided to move to his wife's hometown.
"Nope, not at all, Jim. Have you met Devon yet?" She introduced her husband, again trying to act normal, although her heart rate had accelerated precipitously.
"I haven't," Jim walked over and held out a hand that her husband quickly shook, "Sarah?" He signaled a tall leggy blonde investigating the wine selection, "And this lovely young woman is my better half. You may have inspired my wife." He smiled proudly as Sarah offered a hand to Emily.
Sarah was gorgeous and stood an inch taller than her husband in her high heels. She had to be the same height as Devon. Looking her up and down, the lass still had pressure marks where her bra and panties should be. Her breasts were on the small side but looked cute on her. Like Emily, Sarah was waxed bare. She had a deep tan that showed that she typically wore a skimpy bikini and was often outside. Emily had difficulty telling any hint of the couple's three children on her taut body.
"I saw you walking across the parking lot with your husband there, and it just looked like great fun!"
"Wow, Sarah. Are you sure you've had three kids?" Emily hoped she could get into even close to that good of shape after starting her family.
"Those three make it hard to forget," Sarah had an easy laugh, "My parents help us out a lot, so I get plenty of time to run even with them needing my time."
"How old are they now?" Devon asked, somehow still managing to appear like everything was completely normal.
"Our oldest daughter is nine, our son is seven, and the youngest girl is four," Jim said proudly, putting his arm around Sarah, "They are spending a week with my parents and their cousins. It'll be a rough stretch without the munchkins, but Sarah couldn't get the time off from the hospital."
"I'll miss them, but I wouldn't be doing this if they were around." Sarah spun as if she needed to point out her nudity again.
"If you two are going to be in town tonight, we're having my birthday party." Emily would have invited Jim earlier but couldn't remember his days off.
"We were just going to do a movie night, but a party with other adults sounds fun."
"It seems the only parties we get invited to these days are for the kids. Can I wear my outfit?" Sarah asked with a smile.
"I'm not changing out of mine, but it's completely optional," Em added, so Sarah's husband wouldn't have an excuse to not show up if he didn't want to join.
"We'll be there; you need us to bring anything?" Jim asked.
The conversation fell into pleasantries as they chatted and waited in line. This was again closer to Emily's vision of the day, where no one was making too big a deal about her being naked.
Devon -- A little later in the afternoon
Walking hand-in-hand by the river with his naked wife was an excellent way to spend an afternoon. Emily had a smile that just wouldn't peel from her features. The river was busy with kayaks and rafters as it was on most gorgeous summer days. No one on the water could indulge in the Nude Day attire because the required safety gear precluded it. The temperature of the snowmelt water was another factor in eschewing the Nude Day dress.
Emily was in such a fantastic mood. Something about being nude made his wife very happy. It certainly brightened his day to see the naked beauty cavorting in the bright sunlight like this was the completely natural state of things. Em was far from the only one participating, though most tourists and citizens were still clad in shorts and t-shirts.
Kyra was buzzing about, trying to remain unseen with Devon's camera. He had everything set on his gear. Ky wouldn't have to worry about it being a bit intimidating to new users. She was doing a good job pretending to be a tourist photographing rafting excursions, only occasionally turning to collect an image of Devon and Emily.I hope a few turn out.He was glad that Kyra had thrown the wrapping materials into the backseat after she helped him prepare the present for Emily. Dev hadn't even thought about Emily wanting to put the groceries in the vehicle with a locking cabin.
"Having a good birthday so far, my love?" Devon asked as he started to lay the groundwork to present the necklace to his wife.
"So far, it's better than my dreams."
"Is it?"
"Yeah, I don't think I could ever imagine a husband as fantastic as you when first I dreamed of this. Who else would have ever supported me walking through town naked?" Emily looked up at him with an even brighter smile.
"It wouldn't be fair not to share your most beautiful outfit with everyone. I love you so much, Emily."
She leaned closer to his ear and whispered, "I also didn't think I would be this horny. Have you found us some alone time?"
"I have a plan." Devon beamed back at her with a wink, "But first, I think I have something to make your outfit even better." He pulled the wrapped box out of his pocket. He had hidden it in the pocket of his shorts opposite his nude wife, "Happy birthday, babe."
"What's this?" Emily accepted the small box with two hands. She tore into it with a smile. Soon Em had a dark velvet box in her grasp. Handing Devon the torn paper, she spun the container around to inspect it closely before opening the hinge, "Oh, Devon..." Her smile disappeared for a moment as she stared in awe.
"Do you like it?"
"I don't deserve you, Devon. This is... wow... this is beautiful, Dev." She stepped forward and grabbed his neck, pulling him into a kiss.
"I'm the lucky one, Emily. Never forget that you deserve so much more." Devon looked back at her seriously and leaned in to accept another offered kiss. He hated when Emily thought she didn't deserve something. She was a strong and perfect woman, still fighting against what had happened to her all those years ago. Em was in a much better place than before, but there were times when darkness would poke through, "Don't think I'm done trying to show you how much I love you today. This is only part one." Dev would do whatever he could to ensure that would not be today.
"Would you help me put it on?" Emily pulled the necklace from its container and handed it to her husband. Instantly, the brightness was back, even if she was affecting her best pout.
"Of course." He draped the necklace over her shoulders and took a moment to secure the fastener as she held her hair out of the way. He couldn't help planting a pair of kisses on her lovely shoulders. "There."
"Well, how does it look?" Emily spun back around to model it. His wife had the most spectacular smile.
"Wow... Damn, you have me at a loss for words." Devon took a step back. Emily bounced happily on the balls of her feet before launching into her full-blown happy dance. All the people around them staring at her fell away as she finished her celebration and locked lips with him; there were only their two souls embracing.
"It's almost perfect, Devon, but I have one problem." Emily grabbed his hand, and they started traveling down the path again.
"What's that, babe?" He queried curiously.
"I don't think the green goes with my shoes or bow." Another fake pouty look quickly dissolved into a daring smirk.
"I don't know; that pink goes well with the rest of your outfit." Devon grinned.
"How's that, my love?" Her smirk faded into an austere neutral expression, but Devon could tell that Emily's massive smile still lurked beneath the look.
"They contrast brilliantly with your dark hair. It also highlights the fantastic, delicate shade of pink on your nipples and lips, both sets." Devon said softly, to keep it between him and his bride.
"There is that, but I still want to get a new pair of running shoes."
"You just want to show off for Bill," Devon said with a smile.
"Maybe." Emily hip-checked him lightly to convert that maybe to a rock-solid and unmistakable affirmative.
The pair had to stop by Devon's vehicle for Emily to collect her more oversized tote instead of her strappy handbag before they strolled two blocks over to get to Bill's shop. Kyra kept following them and snapping photos. She wasn't as subtle or inconspicuous as she probably thought. Hopefully, the results would be more than a couple of great images. She finally joined the pair before they walked into Bill's shop.
Together with his husband, Bill owned three popular properties in town. Bill managed two of them, while the coffee shop was all Artie's. Bill's gym was four more blocks away and a near-daily stop for Dev and Em. This time of year, it was open twenty-four hours to assist with the influx of tourists and the river guides that liked to work out after the sun went down. It was available from 5 am to 9 pm the rest of the year, which helped them get a morning run in before work.
Bill was a frequent trail buddy for Devon and Emily. Dev had a lot to thank him and his husband for. They had helped keep Em out of trouble for quite a while as she went out to frolic sans clothing. In his mid to late-forties, Bill sported a salt and pepper beard like Artie. Also, as with his husband, he had a rugged and manly presence. Unlike Artie, Bill was bald other than his beard and wore contacts instead of glasses. He was also in fantastic shape, returning to where he was before hurting himself in a rock-climbing incident a few years ago. Coupled with a series of prior injuries, mostly from his younger days, it had led to a knee replacement and a lengthy recovery period.
When Devon, Emily, and Kyra came into his shop, he was doing what he did best, assisting customers with his gregarious nature. While his husband was more of the social butterfly, Bill targeted his kindly and helpful energy to one customer or group at a time instead of flitting between groups and conversations at will. Emily stood just a few feet inside the door and waited as he got done helping another couple of customers. His eyes crept over to Emily, and he smiled just a little before he focused on helping a naked couple get outfitted for camping.
"Emily! Looking good, girl. Did you come to take advantage of our sale?" Bill asked as he left the couple to finish making their decisions. One of the three other employees could help them check out once they decided. Bill was always helpful but left the purchase decisions to customers, a strictly low-pressure approach.
"Your sale?"
"Twenty percent off any one item in my store if you properly observe Nude Day. I figured I do the same thing for costumes on Halloween. It only seems fair." Bill explained with a winning and genuine smile. It was never just about making a sale for him.
"I had no idea, but I need new running shoes. Maybe in a nice shade of green." Emily said with a flourish as she touched her new necklace.
"Very nice, a birthday present from someone special?" Bill said with a telltale glance over to Devon. The store owner should know well; he had used Artie and Bill as a resource to help him pick it out.
"Only my fantastic husband. I'm going to find some shoes and maybe a ribbon to match. Why aren't you participating in the traditional outfit of the day?" Emily questioned, trying her best to look innocent in the buff.
"I will be as soon as I'm done with my shift. According to the state ordinance, I don't think anyone working can participate. So, I have my discount to do my best to encourage customers to join in the fun. The party is still clothing optional tonight, right?"
"I'm not wearing clothes anywhere other than the gym today," Emily said with a cute little wave and strutted off to the store's shoe section.
"Okay, let me see what I can find as far as ribbons for your hair." Bill stayed by Devon and waited for Emily and Kyra to leave earshot.
"Have you taken her by the house yet?" Devon had confided in Artie yesterday, so it was no surprise that Bill also knew. He wouldn't have kept something like that from Em either.
"Not until after we go by your better half's place. Do you think she'll like it?" Devon kept his voice low.
"She's going to love it. It has a backyard. You know she has always wanted a sporty dog that can go camping and hiking but never had the yard for one."
"That's in the plan. Probably soon. You don't think she'll be mad because I'm hiding this from her?" Devon pretended to be scanning the array of multitools in the display on the counter.
"That's what tells me you're a good guy, Devon. You're always worried about making Emily happier. Are you ready for the house, the yard, and the dog? You know what comes next, right?"
"The kids." He paused for a second, "You know, before Em, that thought scared the hell out of me. Now, with her, it seems exactly right."
"I'm so glad your car got destroyed a couple years ago. No one else can make our favorite gal glow like she does." Bill smiled and greeted another couple of visitors coming into the store.
So am I.Devon kept the thought to himself. He had vocalized it enough, "She makes me so unbelievably happy, and I very nearly didn't even stop to look around your town."
"I never thought I would live in a small town." Bill paused, leaning against the display. "I thought Denver was the smallest city I ever wanted to live in. Then I decided to work for a summer as a rafting guide. One capsized raft later, and I found my real place in the world. For me, it's wherever Artie is."
"I know the feeling. I never thought I would live in the mountains, hours away from the nearest multiplex. Now I couldn't imagine living anywhere else."
"Hey, I know we don't have the right ribbons here. I'll duck over to Lucile's Boutique; I'll bet she has something. I do owe my girl a birthday gift."
"I'm sure she'll love it, Bill."
"Watch the store for me; make sure those two don't take anything." Bill pointed at Kyra and Emily as they scrutinized a litany of shoes.
"They do look a little shifty." Devon laughed, found a spot to sit, and checked his phone. Bill clapped him on the shoulder and exited out to the main thoroughfare.
Dev stole peeks at his wife as she tried on several pairs of running shoes. To keep himself from just leering at her, He flipped through emails on his phone. His team's current project had hit a minor speed bump, but he was sure they would get everything figured out within the week he was on vacation. Devon sent some words of encouragement and then reminded them that he would be unavailable for the next week unless there was a real emergency. Then he couldn't help looking back at the offer from the realtor, dreaming of the home, Emily, and his own family.
"Which pair do you think looks better?" Emily came skipping back over with one black running shoe with green accents. The opposite foot had on a base green sneaker with navy blue as a secondary color, "Kyra likes these." She had the third shoe in hand; it was more of a lime green color, "But I'm leaning towards one of these two." Devon had difficulty paying attention to the shoes and not just staring at his naked and happy wife.
"Which ones feel better?" Devon asked, ever the logical guy.
"They all seem to feel good. I would take them on a test run, but these two make that difficult." Emily's hands flew up to her shapely breasts, shook the pair, and then quickly blushed as if she had just realized she was in public. She spun around and lifted each foot, modeling them, "So, as far as looks go?" Emily batted her eyelashes, fashion wasn't one of his strengths, but she expected something.
As she displayed, Devon found it difficult to move his eyes to the shoes. "I think the left foot goes best with the necklace."
"Grr." Emily let out a frustrated grunt but quickly smiled, "That makes it a three-way tie."
"Which one did he pick?" Kyra joined them. She was trying on a very bright pink pair of running shoes. The coloration was far more intense than Em's old pair and looked like it could be seen from space.
"These." Emily picked up her left foot, hands behind her back, and slowly modeled them.
"Those are my least favorite," Kyra exclaimed, "He's a typical guy anyway."
"Guess I'll have to model all three to someone with some true style sense. Where's Bill?" Of the pair of Bill and Artie, Bill had some style sense. While Artie had the same or worse aptitude for it as Devon.
"He was looking for a ribbon, in the back maybe?" Devon didn't want to give away Bill's birthday surprise.
"I'm sure he'll be back. It'll take a minute to lace up the shoes anyway." Emily skipped back over to the shoe section.
"You find a pair, Ky? Those may cause blindness out in the sun."
"They'll look cute in my party outfit, but I'll have to come back after Artie's to get the discount," Kyra said with a bright smile and then took off toward Emily.
Devon could feel his nerves creeping up into the periphery of his consciousness. He would do anything to support his wife on her birthday, but that didn't mean he was looking forward to flashing his bits to strangers. Fortunately, Dev couldn't stew in his unease for long as Bill returned triumphantly. He held a lovely emerald green bow in his hands, showing it off for Devon before quickly hiding it behind his back. "No shoplifting on your watch?"
"None that I saw, but maybe Emily was keeping me distracted while someone else walked out," Devon said as seriously as he could muster.
"That's okay; not like I'm paying you or anything. What can I expect for volunteer work?" Bill threw his hands up in an exaggerated expression. The bell on the door dinged, and a petite blonde woman in a plain gray dress strode in with purpose in her eyes, "Uh-oh, that's going to be trouble."
"What, why's that?" Devon questioned and tried to ascertain whether that was a playful or genuine invocation of peril.
"That's Brittany," Bill said and started to head toward the shoe section.
"Oh, fuck, not today!" Devon sped along behind him.
Emily -- That same time
Em squatted in front of the low mirror to compare Devon's favorite pair with the gorgeous necklace he gave her. He was usually fashion-challenged, but he may have a point about the green running shoes.These do look cute.She shifted her body weight from one foot to the other; her spread pussy briefly flashed over the reflection as she twisted on the balls of her feet. Taking Devon to the dressing room or taking a few minutes of alone time to take care of her screaming libido invaded her thoughts.
"You'll just show your dirty cunt to anyone that will look, even that mirror!" A familiar voice hit her like a slap. The words had zero levity or mirth; she meant to do harm with the acidic utterance.
"What the fuck are you doing here on Nude Day?" Kyra interceded, placing herself between Emily and the woman Em had once imagined was a close friend.
A couple of years after Emily moved to town, she met Brittany in her EMT classes, and they had hit it off. It was still in the time before Em had felt comfortable even being naked in her own house. Brittany seemed like a cool gal. She was a teacher who wanted EMT training to prepare for anything. She thought it would benefit the occasional field trips into the wilderness with a scout troop.
Over a year, the pair grew closer, and Brittany would not stop hounding Emily about why she never went home to Kansas. Maybe it was one too many beers that evening, or perhaps it resulted from wanting to alleviate carrying the burden of her secret name change and past. Regardless, Em confessed everything, her reason for moving to Colorado, and that she was a home nudist who had just started getting comfortable again. She even pulled up a video to prove both.
Her friend had crashed on her pullout couch and convinced Em that she could be naked if she wanted. Things did not go wrong until they both sobered up the next day. A switch flipped in Brittany, and she just started calling Emily names. The young woman had even seemed supportive the night before. Em still remembered her storming out of her house, yelling and raving about never wanting to see her again. She had repeatedly reiterated that she thought Em was a whore and a slut. The speed with which she had changed into a different woman was astounding.
At the time, the switch in viewpoint had reinforced how Emily thought of herself. Josh had made her feel terrible by broadcasting their lovemaking to all of Emily's family and friends. Em never really forgave herself for being an active participant, at least not until Devon came around and helped her stop running from things. It was not like Emily had wanted anything to get out or foist herself on friends and family.
"Of course you're naked!" Brittany fumed, "Are you trawling for yet another guy to fuck you, slut?"
"Get the fuck out of here, Brittany; it's Nude Day." Kyra spit back, "What's your problem anyway? What did Emily ever do to you?"
"Screwed anyone that moved, obviously. You know that's all a sin, don't you?" Brittany continued to rave. Things made a little more sense now. An apparent religious crisis was easier to understand than a total instant change in her thinking.
"I did nothing of the sort, Brittany. I believe I have far fewer notches on my bedpost than you ever did." Emily stood up, holding her head high. She would never again be embarrassed or run away from what she had done. It was not entirely her personality or past. It was a nearly infinitesimally small portion of her whole, "Did you just rush into the store to get all pissed off? You do know that naked doesn't always imply sex, right?" Almost subconsciously, she crossed her arms and displayed her wedding ring.
"It probably does for you, whore!" Brittany's features were bright red, anger straining to be contained by her petite frame.
"I need you to leave my store. I will not allow you to harass my customers or friends." Bill walked over and intervened before it looked like Brittany might try to start a physical fight with Emily. Her Chief was very understanding, but a naked brawl in a store would likely be going too far. Bill was almost always so kind and caring, but when pressed, he could get stern and employ a look that could practically peel paint.
"Ha!" Brittany doubled down on her ignorant shit, "Of course, you'd be friends with someone like him." She barked out a disparaging laugh.
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?" Emily couldn't help it. Yelling and cursing at her was one thing but coming after her friends was patently unacceptable.I dare you to try something, bitch.She barely managed to keep her thought to herself. Devon had walked over and grasped Emily's hand in silent solidarity. Just a little of her vibrant rage leaked out from the subtle sign of support. Her husband was one to let her fight her own battles but always by her side when she needed him.
"That sinner has sex with men." Brittany continued to rave.
Bill kept a calm demeanor, but his usual gregarious smile was nowhere to be seen, "Ma'am, I need you to leave. If you refuse, I will call the police." He stated as if he were reading a recipe, not a shred of anger or passion in his voice. Bill could not be induced to stoop to her level, it seemed.
"And you married him? You know that's a sin too." Brittany would not leave herself a shred of dignity before she left. Emily was amazed that she had hidden all this bullshit back when they had been friends.
"The fuck does that mean?" Kyra asked, taking a step closer to the invasive and irritating hateful blonde.
"What would your parents and grandparents think of you marrying something like him?" The blatant racism spewed from her.
"My family all loves him, as do I. Why don't you go ahead and say what you were thinking? I had no idea you were a racist moron." Emily couldn't believe what she heard. This was the first time she had encountered anyone who overtly objected to her marriage to a black man. She was under no illusions that someone the pair had run across had not harbored such thoughts. Brittany was just the first to vocalize them.
A sudden flash of thought made her wonder, not for the first time, how hard of a time Devon's maternal grandparents must have encountered. They had been married in the south far before it was considered acceptable by the general zeitgeist. Emily now had a further appreciation for the pair.
"You have twenty seconds to get the fuck out of my store," Bill stated as he pulled the cellphone from his pocket. His voice stayed steady, but he was not one to curse in his store, "You will be the first personae non grata at my shop. I don't need your business."
"I'm going; I never wanted to support your lifestyle," Brittany growled out and then stomped her way from the store. She paused to throw one more verbal punch, "By the way, I was the one that showed the town your history. Everyone should know you're a fucking whore!"
That solves that mystery.Emily kept to herself. Her fists clenched involuntarily
"Are you okay, babe?" Devon stepped in front of her and rubbed her shoulders kindly.
"I will be. I just need a few minutes. I'm going to take a walk." Her blood boiled, but she wouldn't let this encounter ruin her special day, "In that direction, though." She pointed down the road opposite where Brittany had huffed off to, "Want to come with me?"
"Always." Devon grabbed her hand again and pulsed a firmer grip into it. That was another of his silent ways of telling Em he loved her.
They were several blocks away from Bill's when Emily realized she had just walked out with new shoes and hadn't paid for them. Bill knew she was good for it, but perhaps more importantly, she left all her personal belongings in the shoe department, "Well, shit. I think I just stole a pair of shoes. Although I did leave my purse, wallet, and phone as collateral."
"Don't worry about that. Kyra has your things. Bill wants us to stop back by before we head to Artie's. He put the shoes on your tab. So that was the infamous Brittany, huh?" Devon's voice stayed placid as he glanced at his phone.
"Believe me, there was no hint of that bullshit back when we were friendly." She still seethed with anger; it was hard not to give in and allow the rage to ruin at least part of her day.
"I can't believe anyone would think that any part of that spectacle was acceptable behavior." Devon commiserated with her.
They walked and talked as her anger slowly cooled but never entirely dissipated. Emily and Devon ran across a beautiful pair of young women enjoying Nude Day out on a walk. They had an excited dog that pranced happily between the couple. Emily wanted a dog badly. It was a minor miracle that she had not gotten one already, but it did not seem fair to only have a dog out on a leash. This fluffy tri-colored beast seemed happy to enjoy the holiday and warm weather.
"Hi!" Emily waved at the small group. They each had a matching pair of diamonds on their left fingers and held hands as they walked. If Emily were to wager a guess, this couple of women were married to each other. "Can I pet your dog?"
The young women stopped. Their dog halted immediately and sat down. His fluffy tail went non-stop as he swept any loose debris from the sidewalk, "I don't know. He's already quite proud of himself; Chester might become insufferable." The taller woman said with a smile.
"But he does love attention so much." The shorter blonde said with a giggle and waved Emily forward.
"Hi there, Chester." Emily could feel more of her seething anger dissipating as if petting the pup's soft head catalyzed the outrage into a flash of a feeling of contentment. Emily could acknowledge that her friends and husband were here for her, even if they knew about her past.They know everything and still love you.She silently affirmed. It was something she had learned to do from her therapist. Chester smiled and leaned into the scritches, "Wow, he's beautiful and well-behaved."
"He's a great dog." The taller woman said. She was tall and lean with a tan complexion and fiery red hair. Her breasts were small but looked fantastic on her lithe form. Her whole body was in excellent shape with nary a tan line and a smoothly waxed womanhood. The way she was standing, it was apparent the woman had every intention of putting her nude form on display.
"What kind of pup is he?" Emily questioned as the fluffy dog basked in the attention.
"A rescue, half golden retriever, and beyond that, we don't know. Something smaller, though." The shorter woman replied. She was of average height with short blonde hair that looked quite fetching. Her large breasts eclipsed Emily's in size and perkiness; it was rare that Em felt jealous of another woman's chest. Although thicker than her wife, she may have been in even better shape. The blonde woman did not share her bride's same open stance but was not hiding her waxed womanhood. It was decorated with just a poof of blonde hair at its crest.
"He's adorable and so well behaved. Are you two tourists? Did you come into town to celebrate Nude Day?" Emily stood back up, again almost forgetting that she was naked in the middle of town.
"Actually, my wife just brought me here on vacation. She's never been rafting, and I heard you have some great rapids. We got in on Friday, and when we heard about the holiday, she insisted we join in the fun. Her middle brother and his family are going to meet us here tomorrow. They're driving in from the west coast." The shorter woman had a brilliant smile.
"I hope you have fun on our river. Though it is your first time, I recommend sticking to the upper half. The whitewater gets a little gnarly as you go through town. I won't keep you any longer. Thanks for sharing your puppers with me."
As she turned to go, she thought of everything that Kyra had done to help her out.What's the harm in a little free advertisement?"Give Hot Pepper Rafting a call. Tell them Emily recommended them, and they'll take care of you."
"Thanks, We'll do that."
Hot Pepper Rafting had made more sense as a name where Kyra's dad opened his first rafting guide service. He kept the title when he moved up north for his wife. Her uncle still ran that wing of the family business in New Mexico.
Emily had a gleaming smile again as they turned around and moved back toward Bill's, determined to not let a crazy happenstance with Brittany ruin her day.
Devon -- A Few minutes later
Dev couldn't help being a little scared that Emily's prior encounter had damaged his wife's birthday. How her mood changed and face lit up when she petted a dog owned by a pair of lovely naked women left Devon no doubt that they would need to get a dog soon. He silently added it as the next step to their plan of starting a family right after the house, "You need a puppy, sweetie." He broke a contemplative silence as they rounded the block back toward Bill's.
"Maybe." She said with a smile that lit her features and then faded, "But you're not a dog person."
"I'm an Emily person." Devon smiled, "The way that pup made you smile was infectious. You may just have to teach me a few things about dog ownership."
"Like I had to teach you to drive a stick?" Emily gave him another light hip check to punctuate the sentence. Em had taught him how to drive her truck on his second visit to town. They both knew early in the relationship that it was forever. Devon needed to understand how to operate her Scout if anything happened to her on one of their expeditions, like a broken leg or a badly sprained ankle.
"Maybe with less swearing this time." Devon stopped her in the street and leaned in for a peck.
"That was all you, babe." Emily gave him a wink.
"Mostly me." He smiled back.
"I did think you were going to slide back into that car."
This time as they approached Bill's, Devon couldn't miss posters in the windows advertising his Nude Day sale. Em had him distracted before, "One more stop, and then we head to Artie's." Devon had noticed his heart rate creeping up as he thought about what that meant.
"And you have to join in." She taunted and then stepped into the store.
"There's the shoplifter, returning to the scene of the crime, I see." Bill tried to keep a stern look on his face but couldn't hold it for long.
"Sorry, I was blinded by anger." Emily finally released Dev's hand and strutted over to the counter with Bill. Her rump swished with each hypnotic step. Devon watched in awe of his breathtaking wife, again thinking how lucky he was.
"Kyra took care of your things. She was going to meet JP at the coffee shop. I hope you two don't mind me joining you on the hike."
"Thank you, Bill."
"Before we go, you need one more accessory." He pulled a ribbon out from behind the counter, "I think this might go better with the pilfered shoes and your husband's gift."
"That's beautiful, Bill, thank you!" Emily smiled broadly, "I'm going to find a mirror." Devon's eyes were glued on Emily as she skipped to a dressing room to change her ribbon. Naked or clothed, her ass was simply magnificent.
"So, that was the infamous Brittany." Devon broke the momentary silence.
"Yeah, she wasn't always that nutty," Bill said with sadness in his voice, "Though that's probably not true. She was probably better at hiding it before. That vitriol doesn't seem like something that comes up on its own."
"I can't believe anyone would feel that way about Emily."
"Especially if they knew her for any time at all." Bill agreed.
Devon and Bill chitchat for several minutes, much longer than it seemed necessary but not beyond what he was accustomed to from Emily. Every time he had to wait on his wife, it was worth it.I'm so damn lucky.
Em spun out of the dressing room. With each step, her smile seemed to grow exponentially; Devon couldn't help mirroring the expression as he looked at her head to toe, "I'll take it that you like the outfit." Emily's parade did not stop until she was right in front of Devon.
"How do you keep making your birthday suit look more extraordinary?" Devon said softly before kissing his wife. This time, it was a much quicker kiss as making out in front of Bill didn't seem right.
"Ready to join me, Dev? One more stop, and you have got to get naked." Emily teased as she grabbed his hand.
"Only for you, babe."
After a brief walk, with conversation flowing the whole time, the trio arrived at Artie's. As was common during weekends in the summer, the line extended out the door and almost half a block down the street. No one else in the queue was participating in Nude Day, although there were a few people elsewhere on the block sans clothing. This jibed with Emily's vision of the day she had told him about several times. As much as she tried to maintain a placid expression, Em couldn't help but let a grin leak out.
Devon did what he could to feed into her fantasy by talking with her like it was any other early summer afternoon. Their routine would have them get a couple of lattes before driving a few minutes outside of town to go on a hike. Bill had ignored the line and headed in. He was likely speaking with his husband or had gone to their home above the coffee shop, leaving the pair alone.
"How big of a dog do you want, babe?" He went with something that had nothing to do with his wife's current lack of clothing.
"Something good with children. Maybe a little bigger than that dog we saw earlier." Emily said with a half-smile as if she wasn't ready to set her heart on having a dog, "We need a yard first."
It took every ounce of willpower to not just smile at her saying they needed a yard first. Emily would see that they had a yard in about a half-hour.Soon.Searching for a dog may have to wait until after the families leave next weekend. The line at Artie's was long, but it moved remarkably swiftly. "I think we need to change our plans just a little, my love."
"Today's plans, or our larger plans?" Emily turned toward him; she seemed to focus on the conversation and not the eyes of the other patrons wandering over her sexy body.
"I was referring to our long-term plans, but I have a surprise for you before we head to the café," Devon said confidently.
"What would that be? Would it have to do with my request from earlier?" Emily arched an eyebrow suggestively.
"I sure haven't forgotten about that demand, but that's only part of it. I promised more surprises to come." Devon said as he collected a quick kiss. Emily smiled but didn't dig for further explanation. She seemed happy to allow him to surprise her. "Regarding our larger plans, I think we need to add a step but not push back our time frame."
"So, what's the new plan?"
"Step one: we get a bigger house with a yard." Emily nodded along with his enumeration. "This is the new one. Step two: we get a big, friendly dog. Step three: we have a family."
"So far, so good. I like the amendment." Emily smirked, "I think we need more practice starting the family, though." She stated rather indiscreetly.
"I have a plan for that too," Devon said with a wink.
Emily -- A couple of minutes later.
Today, minus a brief encounter with a hateful shrew of a woman, was better than what she held in her imagination. Maybe that was because she couldn't imagine a man like Devon most of the time when she had thought about it. Her husband kept surprising her in the most magical ways.He is amazing.The necklace he had given her was breathtakingly gorgeous, and his selection of shoes had been the best.
The line finally reached the point where Emily could step inside and discover where Bill had disappeared. He was behind the counter and helping expedite incoming orders' flurry. Artie's eyebrows shot up for a half-second. When his eyes met Em's, he quickly went back to work. He likely wanted to help her give in to her fantasy. Jean Pierre and Kyra held down the corner table in front of the big storefront window with two conspicuous open stools. Both looked over in tandem and simply smiled before returning to whatever conversation they were engaged in.
No one else in the entirety of the coffee shop was naked. It felt so close to her fantasy. Emily couldn't wait to sip coffee perched on a towel. The line seemed to be moving too quickly, but there was more day to look forward to. When she got to the counter, one of Artie's other baristas started to take her order before Artie stepped in front of him, "How's my favorite customer enjoying her birthday?"
"It's been fantastic, other than an encounter with Brittany."
"Bill told me about that. I'm sorry, Em." Artie reached behind him without looking as Bill handed him a couple of drinks. He had no doubt prepared Devon and her their usuals the second he had seen them, "With or without a cookie?"
Emily grinned, "It's my birthday, but Dev and I will split one. I foresee ice cream in my future." She wasn't very high on cake but loved cookies and ice cream. Devon would probably still try to put birthday candles in a carton of ice cream. Their wedding cake had been an array of stacked Christmas cookies. Which was all the more appropriate as their wedding preceded the town Christmas Party.
"A year older, and your outfit keeps looking better." Artie pivoted to the side to collect a chocolate chip cookie a young woman handed him.
"Mind if we borrow your breakroom in a minute? I think Devon needs to change into his outfit."
"Not a problem, just wait for Steve to get back from break. I'm sending him now. Coffee is on me today. Happy birthday, girl!" Artie said with his trademark friendly smile.
"You don't have to do that, Artie."
"I gotta offer something to keep my best customer coming back." He winked, "Besides, I don't think you have your purse."
Emily handed Devon his drink and strutted, head held high as she walked to the table. Jean Pierre's eyes seemed to bulge as she got closer.
"Not bad, Le Bébé." He said in his thick French accent. Kyra elbowed him lightly in the ribs, "What? Am I not supposed to point out that your best friend is beautiful? Comme c'est beau!"
"No, I agree with you on that point, but we are not supposed to be making a big deal out of her clothing choices," Kyra said with her best-exasperated expression. She handed Emily back the tote Em had left behind at Bill's.
Emily pulled her towel from her handbag and then placed it on the chair before sitting down, "It's okay, you two, and thank you, Jean Pierre. You know you must join in soon, right, old man?"
"If younger me had known this was my future, he would never have believed it. My wife has the tendency to take me on the wildest of adventures." JP smiled over at his wife with a wink, "One of the many reasons I love her. How's the birthday so far?"
"Almost perfect," Emily said, smiling as Devon plopped down in the seat beside her. He reached over and grabbed her hand. Em never tired of the simple gestures of affection shared between the pair.
"Sorry about Brittany again." Kyra looked flustered. "I saw her driving by when Dev was giving you the necklace. I didn't want to say anything, but maybe I should've warned you."
"It's okay, Ky. There's no way you could have known she would go full crazy on me. I knew she didn't like me, but I had no idea she was racist and homophobic." She squeezed Dev's hand a little, "Sorry about that, babe."
"No need to apologize for her. I'm a little concerned that you said she was a teacher." Devon's eyes looked more sad than angry.
"She hasn't been a teacher for several years," Kyra responded, "I'm not sure what she's doing now. Other than radicalizing, apparently."
"At least we don't have to worry about her teaching our future children." JP shook his head, "So, about our party..." He steered the discourse too far safer and more fun topics.
Emily couldn't believe she was living out her wildest dreams, simply enjoying her favorite cup of coffee on a Sunday afternoon. She never would have imagined that she could spend her birthday naked with friends. It was better than she would have ever envisioned. Her encounter with Brittany had finally turned down the heat on her boiling libido.
"Steve's done with his break." Bill came by and collected the plate from the shared chocolate chip cookie. It was one of Artie's best sellers and another indicator of how Devon's arrival had made her whole world a little brighter. The cookies had come from Devon's recipe, though Artie had added walnuts and made further tweaks to make it his own.
"Oh, I guess it's time then." Kyra blushed.
Emily couldn't help the teasing tone in her voice, "You don't have to join in."
"Non, we must do this. Mind if we go first, Devon?" Jean Pierre was not one to back down from a challenge.
"Not a problem, my man." Emily could tell her husband was nervous, but he wouldn't admit it to anyone but her.
"No time like the present, old man." Emily couldn't help teasing him a little. JP and Kyra excused themselves from the table and moved purposefully behind the counter to the breakroom. She was a little sullen that her time being the only one naked in the coffee shop was ending. To emphasize the point, one of the two women she had run into earlier walked into the store as the line again surged forward. It was the shorter of the two with the blonde hair and fantastic chest. Em gave her a little wave when their eyes met.
"What do you and Kyra have planned?" Emily said with a sly smile.
"You'll see very soon, babe. I'm not yet ready to ruin the big surprise." Devon responded with a coy smirk.
"Is this about getting us some alone time?"
"It may be a part of it, but there is something I need to show you first."
Kyra and Jean Pierre emerged back into the front of house in quick order, now both completely nude. Kyra's tan complexion extended all over her body. Although she was short and on the thicker side, it was nearly all muscle. This likely owed to all of Kyra's work with the rafting company. Ky came from a large family, with her five siblings taking on a portion of the small empire in their teenage years. All her brothers and sisters had moved on to something outside the family business save for Ky.
Her large breasts with half-dollar-sized brown areolae did sag a little from their heft. A wedge of close-cropped dark pubic hair topped an otherwise bare womanhood. Tan lines divided shades of brown skin, imitating Kyra's favorite summer swimwear.
"Looking good, girl," Emily cheered as she stood from her perch, gripping Devon's hand.
Jean Pierre was stocky, though just about an inch under average height for a man. He was of a thicker build but in great shape like his wife. He had a hairy chest that spilled down his body. His close-clipped pubic hair matched the same shade as the well-quaffed mop atop his head. Even in his unexcited state, it looked like he worked with more than enough to keep her friend happy.
"Not bad for an old man," Emily gave him a nod. "I guess it's your turn now, babe."
"I do believe someone needs to put sunscreen on my back." He gave Emily an unmissable wink.
"I think that can be arranged." Emily grabbed her tote and Devon's hand again as they walked back behind the counter. She could feel multiple sets of eyes on her ass as she moved, "Our turn to borrow the breakroom, Artie if that's all right."
"Not a problem, Em, just no sex in the breakroom," Artie said, perhaps not as discretely as Em would have liked.
"Not today. That only happened that one time anyway!" She shot back as the door swung closed.
"Wait, What?" Artie yelped, but he didn't pursue her into the room for a conversation.
Emily was not just keeping him on his toes. She and Devon had made love in the breakroom during a party hosted at Artie and Bill's home that comprised the two levels above the coffee shop. Em and Devon snuck away for a quick and fevered encounter for a few minutes. Em remembered pushing her panties to the side as she rode her husband, trying to stay quiet in case anyone decided it was time to leave the party.
Devon looked back at her with a smile as he slowly unbuttoned his top. Each undone button revealed a little more of his dark walnut skin tone. He was far too muscular to be the stereotypical nerd that many of his hobbies and activities would have led one to believe. Before he went to work on his belt, his shirt fell to the ground. Dev was not a hairy man. Outside of his well-trimmed goatee, his hair was primarily fine and soft. His shorts fell to the floor in a heap. All her husband was wearing now was a pair of black boxer briefs, which he filled out quite well. Emily's libido was again in danger of boiling over. Maybe they would have to go against Artie's orders after all.
There was no pause as he pushed his underwear down and let it hit the floor, presenting the next surprise for the day. Typically, Devon kept his pubic hair trimmed short, but his groin was now shaved entirely bare. Devon had a cocky smirk on his features. He had not had that appearance this morning before the gym. The pair didn't spend much time clothed in their home; Emily would have noticed something like that. She couldn't resist as she stepped forward and felt the smoothness of the shave. Devon's smirk morphed into a brilliant and toothy smile. "I thought I should match my wife's outfit."
"It looks like it could be fun, but I don't think you can match me exactly." Emily capped her statement with a long, passionate kiss, "Not that I would want you to." Another shorter kiss punctuated the sentence. She could feel her effect on Devon's cock.
"Careful there, Em. I don't need to walk out with an erection." Devon picked up and folded his clothes with a wry smile on his countenance.
"I thought nerves were taking care of that." She couldn't help ending with a giggle.
"You have clearly never been on the receiving end of one of your kisses."
"No, what's that like?"
"So close to heaven." He replied without a second to think.
Emily couldn't help blushing a little as she smiled. "I think I can get you closer if you find us a little alone time."
"Don't worry, my love, I have a plan." One more kiss, then a liberal application of sunscreen, and they stepped out of the break room.
Devon -- That Same time
Devon swallowed hard as he followed a perfect swaying booty out into public. He was nervous as hell, which was the only thing keeping him from being rock hard from a round of kisses and skilled hands applying sun protection.
"I see why Emily kept you around," Artie said with a smile, even if this was far from the first time he had seen the pair naked. The older gentleman liked to playfully tease Devon.
"I thought it was the chocolate chip cookie recipe." He volleyed back with a wink.
"We still have an hour and a half before we can go to JP's. What are we going to do with our time?" Emily asked as they arrived back at the table.
"Well, I was hoping Kyra and JP could take our clothes and your Scout back by the house. Then, they could walk over to the café."
"Better let me drive," Kyra stood from her seat, "JP barely has his license, and I haven't shown him how to drive a stick." She smacked her husband on the shoulder.
"She is not wrong. I did not have to drive back in France. What about you two?" Jean Pierre grabbed the keys from Emily and handed them to Kyra.
"I have one more gift for my bride's birthday. After that, we'll take my truck home," Devon said confidently.
"Why don't we just take my Scout?" Emily asked, probably wanting the open-top motoring of her baby.
"We'll take it if we go elsewhere later, but I need something special in my SUV." He smiled at his wife, who looked confused, "I promise you'll like it, babe."
"Okay," Em had doubt in her voice.
"Trust me, Emily."
Her confused look evolved into a smirk, "Always."
A couple minutes later, they were in his deep red electric SUV. It was a little darker than their favorite football team's color, but the logo centered in the back window left no doubt of their allegiance even in enemy territory. It took all his will not to be distracted by the sight of his fantastic wife sitting on the passenger's seat as she danced and sang along to her favorite song.
"Where are you taking me, babe?" She asked as the music switched.
Devon knew she was going to be clued in any second. There were not many of their typical haunts out this direction. Although, he could have been driving another mile up the road to where they had first met. A picture of Emily looking out over the town naked would make quite the striking image.Maybe later.
Devon reached over and clutched her hand, "Have I told you how much I love when you're singing in my car?" She nodded, "Check the console, Em."
She quickly flipped open the armrest and pulled out a wrapped box, "Now I know Kyra helped you wrap it."
"Curse my one weakness!" Devon turned onto a short, secluded road, "She's been a big help today."
Emily opened the small package and curiously pulled out the house key, "A key? What's this for?" It was timed perfectly as he pulled into the driveway.
"Our house, hopefully." Devon parked the car and looked over at her.
"But it's out of our price range, Dev." Emily's eyes looked defeated. She had her heart set on this place, but they couldn't make the math work.
"It was, but I got a big raise on Thursday, and they want to sell now. We can buy it for a little less than the asking price." Devon fidgeted in his seat but felt a little better as the last thing he had hidden from his wife was revealed.
"You got a raise?"
Devon just nodded in reply.
Emily reciprocated the motion, "It's got a yard and a view of the town and mountains. We could get a dog!" Her smile was stellar as her remarkable eyes seemed to twinkle.
"I didn't sign anything without you, honey, but I wanted to do something special for your birthday. All I need to do is make one phone call, and it's ours."
Emily kissed him before he could continue his spiel. He had spent so much time practicing what he wanted to say, and it was all but forgotten as their lips met.
"Can we take one more look at it before we decide?" Emily was practically doing her happy dance in the passenger's seat.
"Why do you think I had Kyra delay lunch?"
"I knew you two were plotting something." Emily didn't wait; she had her door opened with stunning quickness.
Devon followed closely as she skipped to the front door. "It has a three-car garage, four bedrooms, and an office. There are three and a half baths. Now our families could actually stay with us." His wife was so excited that he had no doubt that keeping his cellphone in hand would be necessary, "It even has the hookups for good internet." Internet accessibility was a make-or-break item for their search since he worked from home.
"Are you sure we can afford it? It seems too perfect." Emily unlocked the front door and spun into the big open floor plan. The front of the house was all a large, two-story window providing a view back toward town and the mountain range beyond. Atop the space was the office, with maybe the greatest of all meeting backdrops. It would be a marked improvement from the current setup, which was just a white wall.
"I might have lost some sleep doing the math repeatedly since I learned about my raise. We got this, babe." He couldn't help his wide unshakable smile as he followed his beautiful wife from room to room.
"How soon can we have it?" She turned back toward him after exploring the primary suite.
"I make a call, and all we have to do is sign the paperwork. It can be ours now."
"And we can get a dog?" Emily did an honest-to-goodness naked cartwheel through the front room. She found a way to look even happier. Devon felt like he was making her birthday the best yet.
"The ceramic wood floors will be easy to keep clean. Anything to make you happy."
"Let's do it!" Emily excitedly bounced on the balls of her feet. Devon could do nothing but stare at his goddess.
He shook his head, but nothing would obliterate his smile, "You mean it? I'll call the realtor!" Emily ran over and pulled him into the most scintillating kiss of his life. Even with all his experience with Em, there was something historical in the lip lock she laid on him.
"Hello, Ginna?" Emily glommed onto his side in an excited hug as he made the phone call.
"Devon! How's the surprise going?"
"It's going fantastic so far. I talked to Emily. We want the place." His wife must have been feeling mischievous because as soon as Devon was about to put the conversation on speaker, her hands were suddenly on his cock.
"That's great!" Ginna had a chipper attitude, "I probably shouldn't be telling you this, but my clients insisted that the house went to a family. They didn't want it to be rented out, and they didn't want it to be a second home."
"We don't have a family yet, but soon."
"I'm not in town yet, but I could bring you the paperwork to look over. I've got to get an open house set up across town in a few hours anyway. Could I meet you two somewhere?"
"We're going to be out celebrating my wife's birthday." Devon tried to sound calm as Emily started to tug quicker on his cock. It was quickly fully engorged in her skilled grasp.
"That's okay. I can just drop off the forms and leave you to your day. Just let me check on one thing. Can I put you on hold a minute?"
"Not a problem," Devon said as he kept the phone up to his ear. Emily crouched on the floor in front of him. Her tongue ran all along his rigid phallus before spinning around the head, slathering a shiver of sensation into his nervous system, "But it's your birthday, babe."
"Yeah, and this birthday girl wants to suck your cock." Her eyes stayed pinned on his as she drew the length of his penis into her mouth. Emily was beyond skillful in the arena of blowjobs. She always seemed to put her entire body into it. Her mouth came off his cock momentarily, "You're just going to need to fuck me when you get off the phone."
"I think that can be arranged."
"What can be arranged?" Ginna picked back up the phone.
"I was just discussing some further birthday plans with my wife." It took everything to concentrate on Ginna as Emily bobbed up and down his shaft.
"Oh, sorry about that. I was checking to ensure we had all your financial information, and we do. It's all in order. We could do this today if the banks were open."
"That's... great." Devon couldn't help his speech stumbling under his wife's ministrations.
"Where are you two going to be in about an hour?" Ginna thankfully didn't make light of the bobble.
Devon took a slow breath before answering. "Jean Pierre's Café by the River."
"Great, I'll bring you all the information that needs to be signed. Would tomorrow at noon work to come in and sign the paperwork?"
"We actually have the week off. Yes, I'll have to rearrange some things with some company coming into town, but I think that works, right, babe?"
Emily came off his cock, "I think our families will understand." Her hands flew up and down his shaft; he was more than a little worried that Ginna would hear the unmistakable wet sounds of oral sex.
"Fantastic, and I will get your current home on the market by the end of the week. Hopefully, we can get it sold before the end of summer." Ginna sounded more excited than the couple.
"Just one word of warning, Ginna. My wife and I are celebrating the holiday." Emily redoubled her efforts as if she were trying to make him cum while on the phone doing business.
"I would be too if I weren't working. Keep the key. I don't see why you can't start moving in!"
"Thanks, Ginna!"
"I'll see you in an hour." With that, Ginna disconnected before Emily could complete her dastardly plot.
"It's ours, babe!"
Emily dropped his cock and stood before she started her happy dance. Her infectious energy had made him hop around like his wife, regardless of his hard cock bouncing around.
"Holy shit, Devon, are you sure I'm not dreaming?" She stopped the dance suddenly and embraced him tightly.
"Pretty certain. I can't be sure, though. I have felt like I was dreaming from the moment you saved my life." He couldn't help as he smiled so hard it felt like he might pull a muscle in his face.
"I know the feeling. Are you sure you're real, Devon?"
"Eighty-five percent certain. We have an hour before we need to be at the café. Do you want to head home for a bit?"
Emily stood on her tiptoes to kiss him; her lips were alight with passion, "We could, but maybe instead, we could break in the new house." Her eyebrows arched suggestively.
"I think we could do that." After another kiss, Emily hopped into his arms as he carried her over to the island.
Kisses trailed down his wife's taut body as she looked on; her remarkable eyes seemed to catch fire.
Emily -- That exact moment
This was going to be the house where Emily raised her family. One day they would grow old, overlooking their adopted home, about a half-mile down the mountain from where they first met. She doubted that another birthday would ever touch the lofty heights of her thirty-fourth. Devon's expert lips fell down her body; each kiss set off a torrent of nerves that had already been on a boil most of the day. When his tongue circled her nipple, she couldn't help but sigh ecstatically.
Devon was a great conductor; he could get her body to play the most wonderful music. She kept thinking how lucky she was that Dev got stranded in her town. As she looked back on her life before Dev, she might have thought she had been in love before her husband, but that all seemed so gossamer and ephemeral compared with the star-like brightness of their affection. No other man would have spent the day making sure her birthday was her best. Sure, one of her exes might have gotten her a fantastic gift and thrown her a party, but no one else would have indulged in her fantasy or joined in like Devon did without complaint.
"I love you, Emily!" Devon declared to her and the new house.
"Is it because I'm naked and sucked your dick?" Emily said playfully.
"No, it's because you're the most special woman on the planet." He smiled broadly and then leaned back up and kissed her. Passion surged through her body, "Those other things are just terrific bonuses."
"I love you too, Devon. Always, no matter our state of dress."
Another long, slow lip lock and Devon went back to work. His efforts concentrated on her nipples again before she felt his fingertips glide over and explore her womanhood. A single finger penetrated her vagina, "Oh!" she cried out in response.
Kisses fell further down her needy form, and Emily sat up on her elbows to look down at Devon. His brilliant, brown eyes peered up at her as his tongue slathered her pussy. Arcs of vibrant energy sparked out of her vagina, slicing through her nervous system. Em was already on edge; it would take next to no stimulation to send her body quaking into a much-needed orgasm.
"You're dripping on our new granite." Devon tried to flash a worried expression, but it couldn't quite overtake his toothy grin.
"We're lucky I haven't been leaking all day. I need this, Dev!" She tried to sound confident but worried that it came out as a whine.
"And I need an appetizer before lunch." There was his infuriating and addicting confident smirk before his attention turned back to her nexus. A large spiral of energy spun out from her pussy, lancing through her body.
"I will need you to fuck me, hard, before we go back out," Emily begged.
"That sounds perfect. I don't think this guy will behave until I cum." Devon came back up for another kiss. His penis looked even bigger free from all pubic hair. Devon was the largest man she had ever been with, long and wide. His cock had the slightest upward curve that satisfied her in unreal ways. It came close to the line between incredible and too big without being painful. It helped that Devon always took things slowly until her vagina could stretch around him. His cock could induce the most magical vaginal orgasms that he found particular glee in coupling with clitoral stimulation.
"Yeah, I don't need a line of women lined up to try and steal you away." She teased.
"There's only one woman for me." He kneeled back in front of the island, tongue on her quim again. "I already know where the most beautiful pussy in the world is." Two and a half years into their relationship, the lovable nerd was even more enamored with her womanhood.
"Is that all I'm to you, a nice vagina?" Emily teased.
"Oh, hell no, I love everything about you, babe." Devon had his goofiest grin on full display, "It is a very nice plus, however."
"Huh, I'm only with you because of your nice cock." She declared with a serious glare that quickly dissolved into an impure giggle.
"Is that so?" He said as he shook his head before sliding a second finger into her. There was no more conversation for a moment, his focus seemingly stolen by his work.
Devon was very skilled in making her cum without employing his marvelous penis. He built her up slowly. She was brought close to a cliff, but he didn't let her crash over the precipice. Her husband seemed determined to get her a powerful orgasm for her birthday. His nimble tongue lapped at her dripping quim; he cleaned off the excess as quickly as it was produced. After a few minutes, with her practically begging for release, his nose grazed across her clit. A shockwave of bright pleasure radiated through her.
"I need to cum, Devon!" Emily commanded her lover. The sound of his strong fingers in the slickness of her vagina echoed off the empty walls and floors. It seemed to make any sexual contact more cacophonous than usual.
"Soon enough, my dear." Her husband was cocky, but his confidence wasn't unwarranted. Wordlessly, he went back to work for a few more minutes before he finally brought her clitoris in on the fun significantly. Devon frequently said he could hear Emily guide him to the proper amount of pressure on that bundle of nerves, and Em had little reason to doubt her husband.
Emily decided to bring her nipples in on the fun, teasing and prodding her susceptible peaks. More pleasure cascaded into her nervous system; it accompanied the symphony of sensation. It was as if a single brilliant flute joined the orchestra, only a tiny part of the massive whole, but essential.
"Oh!" She yelled into the empty space, "Mmm!" Devon increased the pleasurable suction on her clitty as his fingers picked up further speed, grinding out pleasure from her vaginal walls, "Ohhhh!" She roared before going quiet. The dense pleasure that Devon and a day of being on display had concentrated at her nexus exploded. Every sense was overtaken by an incredible orgasm. Bliss sloshed through her as every nerve was drowned with a powerful sensation. Dev seemed to relish helping her elongate her climax, his fingers moved with incredible speed, and his tongue bathed her womanhood.
Emily thrashed against smooth, hard granite and her voice came back. A cry of passion reverberated through the empty room. Longer and longer, the intense climax seemed to extend, getting more robust with each passing, labored breath. The feeling was beyond exquisite, "Wowwwww..." She managed to loll out as Devon finally stopped his motions on her and stood with an all too proud smile. Then again, he had more than earned the expression.
"How are you so good at that?" Emily questioned; she sat back up and leaned on her elbows.
"I keep telling you it's only because your pussy's perfect." Devon leaned in for a kiss. An ample dose of her honey soaked his lips, but it always tasted much better on him.
"Trust me, babe, there were others before you, but they never made me feel like that." She leaned up for another slow kiss.
"You've slept with other guys!" Devon yelped out in mock outrage.
"Uh-huh. You've seen the videos." She teased, "Don't worry about that; I need your cock now," Emily demanded. Her hands reached out and stroked him back to full height.
"Do you? That's convenient because he needs you." There was no more preamble as Devon wrapped his arms under her legs and pulled her closer to the island's edge. A wave of pleasure arced out as he rubbed the engorged head up and down her slit. This coated his phallus in a sheath of dripping nectar. His hips pressed into her slowly, driving his massive cock forward.
"Ohh!" Emily cried out. Her eyes were fixated, not on Dev's piercing brown globes but on his dark-colored penis as it parted her labia. How it widened her vagina so sublimely was indescribable and precisely what she had lusted after all day. Devon coupled agonizingly slowly; he knew that her pussy needed to gradually stretch to accommodate his girth and length.
"Guh," she squeaked out as the precisely curved head of his cock grazed against a most sensitive cluster of nerves at the top of her vaginal walls.
When Devon got as deep as he could in that position, he leaned down for a long, slow, make-out session, his hips still reciprocated a little. The motion flared more radiant joy into her body. She pulsed her pelvic muscles around his cock as if to wordlessly encourage him. Dev was her unquestionable soulmate in every part of her life, including how perfectly their bodies fit together.
They went slow for several minutes, giving her time to fully warm up. Long, deliberate strokes activated every pleasurable nerve in her vagina. Devon kissed her one more time and then stood to full height. His hands gripped her hips. This brought a new urgency to the strokes, "Your pussy is so perfect, Em." He said as drops of perspiration started to form on his brow. It was warm in the glass surrounded kitchen.
"Well then, fuck me hard, Dev!" Emily demanded. One hand gripped the edge of the granite island so his strokes did not push her too far from the border. The opposite hand found her button. Agile fingers circled around her clit as more and more potent orgasmic energy started to coalesce.
"I think I can handle that," Devon said as he paused. His grip on her hips increased.
"My pussy needs this so bad!" She hoped that hard, fevered sex would placate the building need in her body. Her first, powerful climax had done little to satisfy the growing want.
Devon grunted in assent as he slowly picked up speed. His eyes seemed to flare to a more incensed dark red than their typical brown. Each powerful stroke drove his entire length into her like a piston. With each stroke, Emily wrapped her legs around his hips and torqued down her vaginal muscles. She canted her hips to meet each thrust, getting him a little deeper than he could on his own.
"Harder!" She demanded. Em had to move her busy hand from her clitoris to grip the edge of the countertop. Her sweat-slicked back started to slide against the lubricated surface. Devon found a higher gear. He varied between short, hard strokes and long, full-length thrusts. The pressure was building within Emily. His forays deep into her womanhood engaged her clit on most repetitions. Devon put his fantastic ass to work, and they both groaned in pleasure.
Even in as great of shape as they were, they could only keep the brisk pace going for a few minutes before they had to slow down and make out, "Happy birthday again, babe," Devon said before pivoting back up and leaning into long strokes.
"You... got me cock. Just... what I... wanted." Her speech was repeatedly interrupted by the firm, hard sex. The sensation of her husband as he fucked her as hard as he could without crossing the line to painful was exquisite. He somehow knew wordlessly where that barrier was and didn't push too far. The feeling of her stretching to barely contain their paired energy was just what she longed for all day. He chanced to relinquish her hip with one hand, brought his thumb over, and engaged her clitoris. Devon knew her more than well enough that even though the strokes were hard and fevered, his contact on her clit was more of a gentle caress.
Pleasure vibrated out from her vagina into every corner of her earthly form. The sensation was incredible, but it did not feel like her next climax was building. Bliss just exuded from her core. This orgasm was sneaky but far more intense than the first. Emily's legs locked her husband in place as she cried out into her new home. Her vagina pulsed around Devon, who did not stop but slowed his fervent strokes. Eyes clenched close, her back arched, and her chest heaved as her body exploded into pure joy.
A cymbal crash of bright, vibrant color filled her closed eyelids. She could feel herself wail into the empty house but didn't hear anything. Her senses were fully occupied transmitting the tremendous power of the orgasm. Her legs shook as she clenched Devon in her grasp.
Eventually, the crashing avalanche of spectacular sensation slowed, but her body did not fully suffuse the pleasure out of her nervous system. Devon was smiling when Emily opened her eyes, justifiably proud of himself. Motion in her vagina stopped as they made out, long and slow, building up more passion each time their lips met. Her body's desire was far from quenched, "I think we need a venue change." Em said with a smirk as she dared him on.
"Do you now? It'll be complicated for me to go anywhere with all my blood stuck in my penis." Dev looked a little worried.
"We're not going far." Emily sat up and pushed Devon back a little. There was a yelp of complaint in her body as her vag was suddenly bereft of Dev's perfect cock. She stood up, a little unsteady on her legs, the powerful climax dulling her movement slightly. Em gripped her husband's penis, streaked with her own cream, and pulled him further into the house. A spiral staircase led to the office above, Emily's target, "Let's break in the new office."
It would be a challenge for Devon to get all his monitors and computer equipment up the stairs, but her studly husband should be able to make it happen. It would have been quite the epic labor to get anything significant up to the lofted office. A large oak desk had been assembled in the space as the home was built. If the view from the kitchen had been spectacular, it paled to the vista sprawling here. The whole town and the mountains beyond filled the landscape. A smaller window on the opposite side of the office overlooked their backyard. She could easily envision where a swing set would fit into the expanse and maybe a hot tub.
"Wow, are we really buying this place?" Emily slowly spun around in the space.I'm home.The office was more extensive than their bedroom at their current home. Maybe she could carve out a minor part in the loft to do some crafts. She would likely employ the third bay in the garage to get her hands dirty working on cars again. She was unsure where working on a classic would fit into starting a family, but it would eventually be something she wanted to do.
"I sure hope so." Devon grinned.
Emily stepped over to the desk and bent over the surface, legs askew, inviting Devon to penetrate her from behind. He didn't have to be asked, "Do you know how hard you were to resist when you did that at the store?" Devon nuzzled behind her ear with a breathy whisper followed by a kiss.
"Was it harder than when I was putting groceries in the car?" Emily turned back a little to ask. Devon's raging erection sat at the brink of her vagina. She leaned back to speed the coupling. Two climaxes in, and she felt more insatiable, "Umm." She cried out as he filled her to the brim again.
"It was when you got out of the Scout that was the hardest." Devon paused when he was as deep as he could get, "Don't think that I missed you showing off just a little. Have you been this turned on all day?" Devon didn't let her respond too easily. He gripped her hips and got to work.
"Oh!" Another cry of bliss-filled the space. Dev's curve didn't hit her g-spot just the right way in this position, but the feeling of fullness and other nerves getting stimulated was exquisite. Arms on the desk, Emily pushed back against each offensive. This drove his cock deeper and harder into her; she had so much more control in this position than when they were in their new kitchen.
There was an odd errant fear for their privacy, but the big open windows were slightly mirrored, and they were far enough away from town that it did not seem to be a genuine concern. However, it also subtly hit on Em's need to show off her and her husband's lovemaking. Perhaps it was her point of view in this position, but it was turning up the heat on her libido again.
"I have been this turned on for a week!" Emily finally belted out when Devon had to slow slightly; they couldn't keep up their pace for too long. The closer her birthday had gotten, the more excited she had been. It was not as if the pair had abstained from sex. It just hadn't fully sated her desire.
"That must have been tough." Devon teased her, "Let's see what we can do about that before we go back out." One hand left her hip and snaked around to find her button again. Another cycle of mad strokes, sighs, and moans saturated the nearly empty space.
Emily leaned further, so her breasts barely grazed the desk's smooth surface. This opened another font of pleasure as her nipples slid across the desktop. The cycle repeated for several circuits. This time, the sensation of orgasm was not sneaky but slowly blooming with each stroke, "I'm gonna... I'm gonna!" She yelled proudly as her legs started to shake. Em's knees seemed to buckle as they no longer had the strength to keep her upright. All her energy was shunted into an epic, breathtaking orgasm.
Devon's strong hands went to her hips; he kept her body upright. This helped her avoid collapsing onto the oaken surface. If the last climax had been a single stick of TNT, this next one was measured in kilotons. Color burst across her clenched vision, reds merging to silver and gold, and then brilliant scarlet exploded in radiant miniature novas.
"FFFFUCCCKKK!" She burst out, giving her body somewhere to put at least a tiny bit of the overwhelming blissful energy. Anything to take a little pressure off and help her mortal vessel contain the power of the climax. Devon's embrace continued; he held her up and prevented her from falling to her knees. His hips did not wholly stop. His cock slowly worked in and out of her vagina as it contracted around him. Dev again drew out the length and amplified the intensity of the supernova of her orgasm.
"Mmm..." Emily finally hummed out as the orgasm abated. Even the earthshaking, knee-buckling climax had done nothing to sate her sexual appetite. She leaned back up and pulled Devon's head over her shoulder for a long sensual kiss. His strong hands left her hips and wandered up across her taut belly. One hand found purchase on a breast, and deft fingers teased a nipple. More pleasure shuddered through her, "I think it's my turn." She spoke after the kiss. He relinquished her body and took a step back. She again felt empty as his massive cock fell free of her velvety embrace.
Devon -- That same time
Emily had orgasmed three times for him, and Devon couldn't erase his proud smile as she motioned for him to get up on the big solid oak desk. Soon his trio of monitors would take up the real estate across the surface, and they wouldn't have the room for this. Dev complied immediately with her silent request. Em wanted to take control, and he wouldn't utter a single word of complaint.
Nothing made him feel better than the sensation of Emily cumming on his cock. Her vagina pulsing around him, and the look and sound of her experiencing rapturous pleasure was intoxicating. Sure, he needed to ejaculate before they went back into the world, but he also needed to ensure that his wife was satisfied before he did. Her last, monstrous orgasm had nearly pulled him along into bliss with her, but he had managed to stave it off.
The desktop was cool beneath his back as Emily climbed atop him. She straddled his torso and leaned in for a long slow make-out session. His cock felt a mixture of frustration and relief. Frustration that it had not yet deposited a load of semen and relief that he had a minute to step back from the brink. Sex with his wife only seemed to improve as they got to know each other better and became more adventurous.
"What are you thinking, Dev?" Emily sat up and stared down into his eyes. When she was incredibly turned on, the orange color in the center of her retina seemed to grow and overtake the emerald portion. They appeared to be ablaze with the amount of passion she experienced.
"How unbelievably lucky I am to have found you." He said honestly. He had an odd and complicated relationship with Emily's past. Devon hated how it made her feel even these years later and knew without a doubt that they would have never found each other if it had not happened. Every time he thought of that, Dev felt guilt wash through him. Being honest with himself, although it would be painful, he would trade it all to keep Emily from going through the trauma she had experienced.
"I know the feeling." Emily smiled. She pushed back, and her vagina engulfed him again. Em was his perfect puzzle piece. They completed each other physically, mentally, emotionally, and spiritually. All he could do was stare as she sat and then slid up and down the entire length of his cock. Dev reached out and grasped her hips. A symphony of sighs and moans started as she went into long slow strokes. Their bodies clapped together as she rose and fell, picking up speed a little on each circuit. His hips moved in concert with Em. This drove his cock deep within her copious molten honey.
Their eyes stayed pinned on one another as they let their bodies do what came naturally to the pair. Emily professed that she liked it best when Devon took charge in the bedroom, but she lit up when she was on top. Before his wife, Devon may have been a little timid regarding sex, but she awakened something primal in him. She picked up speed, and a moan escalated to punctuate each repetition. The look of her shapely breasts as they shuddered in time with the revolutions was hypnotic. He couldn't help himself as he brought his hands up to play with them. Dev tweaked her nipples just the way she seemed to like it.
For several minutes, no words were spoken as Emily fucked him intensely, interspersed as she slowed to kiss him and rest just a bit. Devon dared to look down to the point their bodies came together. His dark cock was streaked with ample doses of Emily's abundant nectar. The sight of her gorgeous womanhood stretching as it accommodated him and ramping up his need to cum was lovely and intense. He gritted his teeth. There was no way he would surrender to his urges until Em got what she needed.
Dev absolutely loved how his wife's waxed quim looked, with or without the presence of his cock. She was the first woman he had been with that waxed herself bare. His former lovers had kept things neat and trimmed but never hairless. The look was another tiny thing that, in aggregate, made Emily peerless in his eyes. Today was the first time he had wholly shaved his cock and balls. Dev hoped it would affect her as her grooming choices had him.
Emily suddenly paused to bring her feet up from behind her to flat against the desk beside him. Her repositioned body would trade depth for speed. Still without a word said, only sighs and moans were audible above the sound of their bodies as they came together. Em found her favorite spot on his cock. When his penis traversed the perfect place on her vaginal walls, his wife had the most spectacular vaginal orgasms. His hand moved down her body to engage her clitoris. Early in their relationship, they had discovered that she was capable of a stunning paired clitoral and vaginal orgasm with patience. It seemed like another excellent birthday present for him to help her achieve. Wordlessly they tried to find the perfect rhythm as more time ticked by.
"Are you almost... There?" Em queried. Her speech was interrupted by a moan. She bucked slower, and the brief reprieve allowed Devon to reply.
"Not until you... cum again!" Devon forced out. His mind focused on the budget of his most recent project. Anything to resist the growing need to empty an epic load of semen into his wife. Emily's pussy was tight, slick, silky, warm, and barely contained his giant cock. His nimble fingers managed to stay on target. He drew out the right amount of pressure on her clit as she bounced up and down.
"Oh, unh!" Emily repeated insistently, and the volume and cadence of the utterance accelerated with each repetition. Her hands were in the center of Devon's chest. He provided the stability she needed for her rapid lovemaking, "Almost..." took over as her mantra as she approached bliss again. Em leaned back, and Devon lifted his knees without needing to be asked. She put her hands on his knees and employed an action where she rolled her hips. It started slow but quickly evolved into a more vigorous nature, "I'm gonna..." and the third repetitious phrase took over.
"OHHHH!!!" roared out from her lungs, and the reverberations filled the house, "Fuck..." came out as a soft mew as Emily crashed down the length of his shaft. She leaned back as her orgasm rippled through her body, and her vagina clenched around Devon's cock. Her eyes were closed and her long, lean body undulated in time with her pulsing womanhood.
Devon would have loved to take in the magnificence of her climax but could do nothing to stall his own orgasm. Her pussy's first climactic spasm touched off the cascade into ejaculating. His whole body shuddered as the impulse fired through his nervous system. It seemed to rebound and amplify as it hit his spine, "Urrggh!" He couldn't help but exclaim as the first powerful spray of sperm fired from his cock deep inside Emily.
Devon's penis seemed to find a rhythm with Emily's vagina as it quaked through the powerful clenches of her body. Just when her grip on him slacked, his cock would ejaculate another powerful stream of semen. Each individual release was enormous as his roars joined his wife's moans to encapsulate their coupling in audible bliss.
The fourth time his body ejected a load of cum into his wife, it felt like the orgasm was on an exponential growth curve. Each subsequent fire of his cock grew an order of magnitude until the eighth powerful stream had to be one of the most potent in his life. It was likely a touch of recency bias, but he and his wife had the best sex of his life, and it only seemed to get better with practice. Control finally seemed to return to his body after a fourteenth urge pulsed sperm from his body and deep inside Em.
Emily's long, intense orgasm had yet to cease. "Gah!" she uttered as her legs continued to shake around his form. Her body continued to rock back and forth along the length of his spent cock. He gritted his teeth as the sensation overwhelmed his nerves. Her eyes fluttered open as the climax finally started to subside. Her mouth twisted into a lazy and satisfied smile as she leaned in for a kiss.
"That's two rooms christened," Emily said to break a long, slow make-out session, "We have a lot more to go." Her eyebrows arched up daringly.
"I love having more things to look forward to," Devon said.
Emily kissed him one more time as she climbed off the table. "What time is it?"
"Fuck, we need to be at JP's in a few minutes!" Devon yelled. Kyra and Jean Pierre wouldn't care if they showed up fashionably late, but they needed to be there to collect the paperwork to make this place their home.
"Is the water on?" Emily asked. Devon nodded in reply. "We're horrible at quick sex," Em said with a smirk. "That was supposed to be a quicky!"
"The sex was bad?" Devon said with a concerned expression, but he knew what she meant.
Emily shook her head and leaned in for a kiss, "I came, hard, four fucking times, and you ejaculated so intensely it felt like a firehose in my cooch." She giggled, "The sex was great, just not quick." Another long sensual kiss served as punctuation, "The other pillar of quick sex. I have soap in the car; I think we need a quick shower."
"Babe, I don't know how scheduling an hour in our day could ever be considered quick."
Emily -- A few moments later
A long session of sex in which Em came four times should have been more than enough to calm her surgent libido. However, Emily already wanted another go at Devon. She turned around and stared back at their house as she walked to the car to fetch her tote bag and some soap.This is magical.A giant smile might be a permanent accessory to her sparse outfit. Em was happy to double-check that the big glass window was reflective. Their fevered sex on the kitchen island would be unlikely to be seen by an outside party. A cool breeze wicked some of the hard-earned sweat off her body. She would need to remember to put on another coat of sunscreen, concentrating on the areas that had been rubbed off due to delightful friction.
"Afternoon!" A friendly voice caused Emily to startle. She nearly jumped when an older couple ambled down the block hand-in-hand. Em felt briefly as if she had been caught doing something she shouldn't have been doing. She had just grabbed her tote out of the passenger seat of the SUV and was about to head back to her new house.
The man and the woman were probably in their early to mid-fifties. The man had a full head of salt and pepper hair. He was tall with a bright smile, a cleanly shorn face, and looked relaxed in shorts and a t-shirt. His wife, she presumed, was not participating in Nude Day but was wearing a bikini top and a pair of khaki shorts.
"Hi!" Em did her best to regain her calm and relaxed composure. The couple paused at the end of the driveway as if they awaited an invitation onto the property.
"You look rather comfortable." The woman, who was in incredible shape, said with a slight giggle, "I told you, Paul, people were celebrating." Her eyes stayed on Paul as she untied her bikini top, "He didn't think anyone up here would indulge in Nude Day. My hubby wouldn't let me have fun." Off came the top to reveal a very nice, slightly sagging set of breasts.
"I'm a big enough man to admit I'm wrong." His eyes were on his wife as she shucked her shorts and panties. "I'm Paul, and this is my wife, Margot. Are you checking out the place?"
"We're buying it." It felt terrific for Emily to say that. She smiled with pride, though she was embattled to hastily end this conversation. Not only did they need to meet up with the realtor, but Em could feel what Devon had left deep within her as it started to drip. She switched her stance to somewhat obscure her pussy.
"Oh, congratulations!" Paul finally looked back at Emily. It was sweet how fixated he seemed to be on his wife. "I guess we're going to be neighbors. I forgot to ask your name. I wonder what has me so distracted. Two gorgeous women out in the sun might have something to do with it." He stepped up the driveway and offered a handshake.
Emily reached out to shake his hand, trying to not be too consumed by the threat of sperm dripping from her, "I'm Emily, my husband is Devon, but he is working on something in the house already." In reality, Devon hid in the house as his cock was somewhat lackadaisical at returning to his flaccid state after sex. He probably wouldn't want to meet his new neighbors with a semi, "Nice to meet you two. We should be moving in sometime very soon. Hopefully this week, but we have family coming into town tomorrow, so it may have to wait."
"Do you have kids?" Margot asked. She was now only wearing a pair of sneakers and a wedge of blonde hair that matched her curly mop at the top of her head.
"Not yet. We have only been married a year and a half. Soon, though." Emily said with a smile. She could feel Devon's big load of sperm on the verge of dripping from her and running down her leg.Not yet!Her brain was trying to manufacture reasons to retreat into the house. "It's nice to meet you two, but Devon and I have to meet the realtor in town soon." Her brain finally realized that she did not need to make an excuse. Em had a good reason to flee this conversation.
"We won't keep you." Paul waved at her as he and his now naked wife turned to leave.
"Let us know if you need anything," Margot said over her shoulder, "We can meet for some cocktails when you and your hubby are moved in."
"Nice to meet you both." Emily quickly scurried back into the house with her tote as semen started to slide down her leg. She and Devon took showers in two different bathrooms to test the water pressure and avoid being distracted. Shower sex was one of the couple's favorites.
They made it to the café just in time for Ginna to bring a large packet of paperwork. They wouldn't sign anything until the meeting tomorrow, but this should give them time to read most of it. Ginna didn't appear flustered by the group's lack of clothing. Em felt another boost to her fantasy. It felt like she was living out the day just as she had always dreamed.
Lunch was fantastic. Jean Pierre's new chef was skilled. She might not have the talent of her boss, but Jean Pierre was already leaning toward letting the woman run the café during the winter months while he worked up at the ski resort. Having another open dinner option during the cold months would be splendid.
Their table reservation was out on the patio, overlooking the river. Emily couldn't help watching the rafts go by with an enormous smile. All she would need to have a complete recreation of her incessant dream would be a few minutes to read a novel after lunch. Devon kissed her on her shoulder and handed her a hardcover novel. He then gave her a wink, and her husband and friends left her at the table. Her husband left a tip for the server even though JP insisted that lunch was on him.
Emily smiled and gave him a little wave as he walked away with his camera. He wouldn't leave her, but he would give her a little space to enjoy her dream. He didn't have the advantage of having a purse with him, just his camera, so he didn't have a phone. Em just luxuriated in the palpable feeling of every part of her dream becoming corporeal. She did not accomplish much reading as she simply soaked in the warm afternoon sunshine with a giant smile on her face.
Devon -- About that same time
The way Emily smiled just sitting at a table and reading a book was fantastic. She was trying to affect a look of nothing being out of the ordinary but was failing due to the gigantic grin.My wife looks perfect.Devon tried to stay discreet as he captured pictures of her looking relaxed from as many angles as possible. The one he managed to frame where he got nothing but empty chairs, and a naked Em looked fantastic, though she would probably prefer the photos where there were other patrons with her nude among them.
The hardback novel that she held was likely going unread. It wasn't from her preferred genre, but he doubted she wanted to advertise just how much of a sci-fi dork she was. It was another thing the two had in common, though he preferred more of the hard sci-fi where engineering and science were almost their own characters. His wife chose more science fantasy, where the tech was present but never needed to be the focus. Em typically did most of her reading on an e-reader, but that wasn't part of her fantasy.
As much as Devon attempted to be unseen by his everything, she kept glancing up at him with an amused look before she went back to reading. Em spread her legs wide when she didn't think anyone else was observing among the near-constant parade of people on the river and the restaurant guests. She kept reading as if she wasn't titillating her husband. Dev made a mental note to ensure that he took this memory card out of the camera before the family arrived. That was not a conversation he needed to have when she showed off some photos he would take with their families.
It was only about ten minutes before his wife rose and wriggled a single finger for him to come back and join her.
"Done already?" Devon figured she would want to spend at least half an hour basking in the warm sunlight.
"Yeah, I think so. I want to spend my birthday with my friends and my husband." She grabbed his hand, and they walked beside the river before turning and traveling the couple blocks to their house. The smell of barbecue was wafting in the cool breeze, making Devon's mouth water even this soon after lunch. Ky and Jean Pierre had taken their SUV home and then left to prepare for the party.
They took a couple of hours to get the house in perfect shape for the party that was happening later. It was going to be a full house soon. They took a little time to sit around the kitchen island and pour through the contract that Ginna had dropped off. Devon pulled out his laptop to reassure her that everything would fit into their budget.
"We're really doing this?" Em finally said with a smile.
"Anything for my baby." He leaned in for a kiss. It was slow and soft, not the passionate type that preluded sex, but more like a physical renewal of their covenant to one another.
Dev went out and checked on the pork shoulder, placing it in an aluminum pan and covering it with foil for the last few hours of the smoke. He put in a generous dose of apple juice to help braise and keep the meat tender. The meat was close to temperature, so he turned the smoker down to ensure that it would not hit his target temp for a little longer.
When he got back inside, Em was looking at her phone and had a website pulled up, perusing a listing of dogs in the area that needed to be adopted. She was flipping between pictures of some adorable fluffy butterballs.
"Find something you like?" Em started a little like he had caught her doing something wrong.
"Half Aussies!" She smiled back at him. Em had an Australian Shepard when she was a little girl. She had told Devon all about her pup as they got to know each other on his second trip to Colorado. He was the reason she started running and eventually got into cross country. He was always so energetic. Skittles was his name, and they were inseparable until she went to college. Emily had named the dog after her favorite candy when she was eleven. The dog was even featured prominently in her senior pictures. Unfortunately, he got cancer when she was a sophomore in college and passed suddenly.
"Half what else?" Devon sunk onto the couch beside her, basking in her radiant smile.
"Golden," Her smile got wider, she scooted over to him, and Dev reached out to pull her into an embrace. Her parents had a golden when she was too young to remember, but the senior canine was in her and Alan's baby pictures. The pup had been like her parents' first child. Devon couldn't help smiling back. Her excitement was infectious, "What are the odds?"
"Is it some sort of new designer breed, like a golden doodle?" Devon knew those could get rather expensive.
"Golden shepherds are a thing, but no, not in this case. These were an accident on a farm." The look of excitement on Em's face was fantastic.
Em swiped through an album on a local social media site. There were ten of the pups in total tussling and playing. They were six weeks old, and five had found homes. They would be adopted to their forever homes at eight weeks. Each pup had its own glamour shot, and the ones spoken for had a little checkmark beside them. There were various color combinations and shapes of spots on their cute little coats.
Dev knew he was in trouble when she flicked over to a golden-colored pup with a white Y on her face and gold, white, and grey spots on her paws. The feature that jumped out the most was the puppy's eyes. She had one pale green eye, and the opposite was amber in color.
"Look!" She pushed the phone excitedly in his direction, reminding him a touch of his niece when showing off a new drawing.
It was not the same type of heterochromia as his wife, but she was the only pup with two different colored eyes. There was no checkmark decorating the photo. Devon was amazed that the sweet little girl wasn't the first to be snapped up.
"She has two different colored eyes!" Emily almost squealed in glee.
The phone number was burned on each of the photos. Devon didn't even need to discuss things with Em. He could tell they would adopt that girl if no one else had scooped her up. "Kevin?
"This is he."
"Yes, we're calling to see if you have all your puppies spoken for."
"Not all of them, it's been a busy weekend for them, and three more got adopted. My daughter handles all the art stuff and has been out of town. She's getting ready to update the listing with the final two." The man sounded like a gruff old farmer.
"You have two left?" Devon could see Emily's heart drop as if she was sure that the unique little girl had to be among the three snapped up since the photos online had been updated.
"Yeah, we g..." The phone dropped out for a moment, "...even and five are looking for a home."
"Number five is one of the two!" Devon couldn't help the excitement in his voice. Emily's energy was infectious.
"Yes, sir, she is one of the last two."
"We would like to reserve her."
"Okay, I need a two-hundred-dollar deposit to reserve her. Your name, sir?"
"Emily and Devon Rogers." Emily was engaging in her happy dance yet again today.
"R O G E R S?" The man spelled out Dev's last name.
"Yes, sir. We can come to look at her Tuesday and bring you cash or a check."
"A check would be fine. You folks have a good night."
"Fantastic, you have a great evening as well."
Emily was still bouncing excitedly on the balls of her feet as Dev put his phone down with a broad smile, "What do you think the little ones will think about seeing our new puppy on Tuesday?" She jumped into his lap, assaulting him with wild kisses, not passionate but loving.
"You know their parents will hate us for putting puppies in their heads." She broke the series of kisses with a smile and shook her head.
"That's what aunts and uncles are good at." He came in for another quick peck, "Eh, maybe our pup will have a brother or sister that needs to be adopted. Hank and Lenna are getting their kids a dog as soon as they return from vacation. It's your brother you need to worry about."
"AJ needs a dog anyway." His wife giggled and kissed him again, "What did I do to deserve a guy like you?"
"I got lucky," Devon said with a grin.
"We both did." Em's butt wiggled as she leaned in for another loving kiss. There may not have been much sexual energy to the smooch, but his wife's naked ass in his lap rarely failed to cause an instant rise in him. Her giggle and further squirming let him know she had noticed, "I don't think we have enough time to get luckier." There was another kiss, and she turned in his lap; the head of his cock was nestled between her labia; all she needed to do would be press forward on her hips just a little.
Devon knew time or not, they both had a hard time not giving in to each other. From the warmth and moisture emitted from her quim, Em was at least as aroused by the close contact as him. Her eyebrows shot up, and she gave him a slight nod.
"What are you guys up to?" Kyra burst through the doorway, unknowingly interrupting them for the second time today. Devon wondered why she was so damn punctual. It wasn't like her, at least not regarding her social life. Though it was probably better that Kyra had not shown up a minute later either time. She had evidently returned to Bill's shop in the intervening hours, as she was now wearing the brightest pair of pink sneakers Dev had ever seen.
Without hesitation, Em sprung to her feet to celebrate with Kyra, "Dev's getting me a puppy!" Devon hoped he was quick enough to grab a throw pillow and conceal his erection. By the way Kyra's eyebrows shot up, he wasn't sure he was successful.
"Did I interrupt something? Were you two getting a little birthday sex in?" Kyra had her eyebrow raised as she interrogated them.
"No, we were just celebrating the puppy. As she turned her vision back to Ky, Em quickly explained, "We had birthday sex at the new house earlier." His wife always tried to keep Kyra on her toes.
"No wonder you two were late to lunch. Based on the hard nipples and enormous boner, I'm guessing you two were going for a sequel."
"We don't have time, but it would've been fun."
"Good, Bill and Artie are five minutes behind us. Nice cock, Dev." Kyra had a taunting smile as she spoke.
"Where's Jean Pierre?"
"He dropped me off and had to run back home because we forgot your present. I thought we could start getting the karaoke set up." Kyra walked to the entertainment center but did not take her eyes off them.
"How about you get started, and I make us some drinks?" Emily started moving to the kitchen but turned her eyes on Devon with a wicked smile, "Or maybe Dev can handle the libations." She spun around to start working on getting things hooked up. His wife leaned over at her waist, displaying her succulent pussy with purpose, "Of course, you could wait until everyone else shows up." Em was looking over her shoulder as she waggled her ass. Any slacking of his erection was gone.
Devon sighed loudly and shook his head, "Okay, so is it long islands or margaritas?"
"Long Islands." Emily turned back around to watch him retreat to behind the island. Kyra was not going to give him a moment of privacy.
Well, shit."Just because it's your birthday, babe." He set aside the pillow as he stood up, hoping neither of the women noticed the precum glob attached to the bottom side of the decorative pillow. While Dev didn't stand in place for long on display, he didn't cover up either.
"No wonder you said yes after all of five months. Wow!" Kyra said with an indecent giggle.
"No drooling, Ky!"
The kitchen was not so much its own room but divided from the living room space by the island. The fact that he was still in the audible range of the girls did not seem to matter to them.
"You're a lucky woman, Em. Do you like the curve?"
Dev got down a pair of glasses for the ladies. He would not be imbibing until after he got supper off the smoker.
"Kyra! He's more than a fantastic cock. He's even better with his tongue." Emily responded and then giggled. The ice dispenser drowned out whatever else they were saying.
When he finished creating their beverages, he was again under control. Em and Ky were practicing their singing in the front room. While Emily sounded pretty good and had the gusto and dance moves, Kyra's voice was stunning. They took a break to sip their beverages as they fluttered about the house, ensuring everything was in its proper place. The last week had been filled to the brim with completing little projects before the party. On the plus side, the house was practically ready to be shown by their realtor. He doubted that would be the case after the party, though.
Devon left the girls in the front room to ensure everything was ready in the backyard for the forty-fifth time today. With half of the party being here naked and the air no doubt becoming cooler as the sun went down, he had a couple of propane heaters ready to go. When Devon had warned him about the party, his neighbor had volunteered one of the devices. "You not drinking?" Artie stepped out to the backyard.
"Not until I finish cooking," Dev explained as he hovered by the pellet grill, strategizing how he could grill corn and veggies after pulling the pork shoulder.
"I thought beer was a part of barbecuing." Artie was naked and unperturbed by his slight paunch. Knowing Artie, he was only disrobed to support Bill. It was yet one more thing the pair had in common.
"I don't see you with a glass of wine yet."
"Bill and I will run the taxi service at the end of the night. I don't think you have the room to let everyone sleep it off."
"Thanks, Artie."
"You want a root beer?" Artie always brought a local concoction with him when he was not drinking.
"That would be great."
They stood conversing as Dev busied himself with getting everything outside ready for the crush of guests who would make their appearance at the party. Emily was quite the popular woman; everybody in town loved his wife save one angry former friend. Hopefully, not everyone would show up simultaneously. It wouldn't take many people in their tiny home before the small space became cramped.
Jean Pierre joined the group outside when he arrived a few minutes later. The chef was good for Kyra and readily incorporated himself into the group here in Colorado. Even after Devon tried to allow him a night off from cooking, he insisted on helping prepare the corn and veggies. The pair grilled Devon about the house and puppy before moving on to other topics.
They talked primarily about sports. Jean Pierre thanked him profusely for the soccer tickets Dev and Em gave them for JP's birthday. American soccer may not be as good as back on his home continent, but it would be a good time. It was destined to be a fun road trip to Denver in a couple weeks.
"Hey, Dev?"
"Yes, my love."
"We forgot to get paper plates and cups."
"Damn, we always forget something. I think someone may have had me distracted." Devon smiled at Emily.
"You want to run me back to the store? I've had a couple of drinks." She batted her eyes at him.
"The pork shoulder needs to be pulled in a half hour."
"I think Artie and I can take care of that." JP removed that excuse.
"The corn still needs to be grilled." Dev threw out another.
"I'm a professional chef."
"Alright, just no putting hollandaise on everything." Dev joked as JP rolled his eyes.
"You're missing out."
Emily -- A few minutes later
Em was thrilled that Devon had driven her Scout over to the supermarket. She was basking in what might be her only opportunity to live out more of this fantasy. Devon had an epiphany that they lacked coleslaw for the pulled pork on the way. Hearing him tell it, that was one of the most essential parts of a pulled pork sandwich.
This time at the store, she was the only naked person, save for her husband. Perhaps it had been a full day of nudity throughout their little town, but no one seemed to be paying too much attention to her. She meandered to the correct aisle and found paper cups and plates. Emily wanted something cute and summery. One set of plates had bright splashes of summer colors that would look great with their decorations.
"Julie?" A very familiar voice questioned. Em turned to see her brother, Alan, and his wife, Cassie, at the end of the aisle staring back in disbelief. Alan was usually good about calling her Emily now, but apparent surprise had short-circuited the new name.
For the first time today, Emily was embarrassed. She brought an arm across her breasts and covered her vulva with the opposite hand, "What are you two doing here?"
"Getting a few beers after a long drive." Alan held up a mismatched six-pack, his eyes pinned to hers. "Why are you naked?"
"It's Nude Day."
"Emily?" Another familiar voice lanced out from the opposite end of the aisles. Lenna and Hank, Devon's sister and her husband, stood agog.
"You guys aren't supposed to be here until tomorrow." Her heart was beating in her ears.
"Hank got another day off approved." Lenna approached, seeming unconcerned with Em's lack of clothing.
"Where are the kids?"
"The grands are taking them for ice cream," Lenna explained.
A wave of relief washed through Emily. It wasn't as if the four people around her had not seen her naked and doing much worse on video in the past.
"So, were these your birthday plans?" Cassie asked as she and Alan moved closer.
"No, we're hosting a party. We just forgot plates and cups."
"And coleslaw." Devon pushed through the small crowd to stand beside her, a look of utter confidence on his face, "Sorry, Lenna."
"So, you never grew out of the nudism?" Alan grinned, finally dispelling some of the tension.
"What? How did you know?" It didn't seem like the quartet would be allowing her to retreat anytime soon. Emily removed the hand blocking her pussy and grabbed Devon's. Her pulse moderated almost instantly.
"I stumbled upon you more than once, Emily." Alan chuckled lightly. "You really liked to skinny dip."
Emily stared back at him, stunned.
"When I saw you, I would sneak back out and text you that I would be home soon."
Em's mind flashed back to easily a half dozen times that Alan had texted her while she was enjoying a bit of home nudism on summer break from college.He knew."Really? You could have texted me this time." She giggled and finally stopped trying to corral her breasts.
"We didn't think we would run into you, though it is a small town," Cassie explained, "So, you can just be naked all day here in Colorado?"
"Yeah, just on my birthday, though." Emily grabbed the plates she had been looking at and cups from the aisle and placed them in the basket Dev was carrying, never releasing his hand with the opposite, "Or at home, or an abandoned trail." She wondered for a moment why she was confessing.
"Are you a nudist, too?" Hank queried Devon.
"Only when I'm supporting Em. But I guess that's a lot."
"Dev's a lucky man," Lenna said; all five nodded in agreement, even Alan.
"Don't I know it." Her wonderful husband punctuated that by kissing her cheek, "We got the house." As the scrum moved toward the checkout, he quickly changed the subject, "We just need to go sign the paperwork tomorrow at noon. How about we meet at the new place after that tomorrow? I'll text you the address."
"Congratulations!" The four said in near unison.
Emily felt like her state of dress was forgotten as they caught up and waited in line at the checkout. Lenna and Hank bragged about their children, who were flourishing in school. They hoped they were making their forever home in Missouri, but they still had a couple more years of active service in the Airforce. AJ, Alan and Cassie's little boy, was a talkative little guy now but really liked the word 'No.'
Devon had to bust out pictures of the new house and their future puppy from his phone. He looked so proud of each of the latest additions to their lives. The consensus was that the place looked fantastic, and the pup was beyond adorable. Alan and Cassie wanted to go with them over the pass to look at the dog on Tuesday, even though they thought it may be dangerous. Hank and Lenna retaliated with photos of the young German Shepard that they would be picking up the day after returning from vacation.
Soon enough, the four had to depart from them and return to their hotel. They all took a moment to wish Em a happy birthday before retreating to their vehicle. She was ecstatic to see how well their families were getting along.
Emily leaned into Devon as they crossed the parking lot. Her Scout was parked far away from any other vehicles to keep it somewhat safe. Their families knowing that they celebrated Nude Day was a bit of a relief to Em. She had a smile adhered to her face again; after the initial embarrassment, that encounter had somehow leaned into her fantasy.
"How were you so calm?" Emily questioned.
"Huh?" Devon seemed confused over the context.
"You just came up and stood beside me." She explained.
"Believe me, I was more than a bit scared. I wanted to run off, but you looked like you needed me."
They reached the scout, and Emily felt compelled to kiss him.
"It was only because you were there that I could feel anything approaching calm." Dev grinned and gripped her hand.
"You're something special, Dev."
"That's because you make me a better man." He leaned down for a kiss, "I love you so much more than I ever thought possible."
"And you make me a better woman." She finally let go of his hand and unlocked the truck.
Flashing red and blue lights lit up the parking lot as she started to climb into the Scout. A police cruiser pulled into the space beside her. Em felt shame bubble up again for a moment; Devon stepped beside her and clutched her hand again. The act calmed her nerves.
"Hey, LT, you got a second?" One of her officers that had recently rotated to night shift kept his eyes on her own.
"What's up, Walt?"
"We just had to arrest Brittany for harassing and trying to assault some of the nudes that were celebrating today. Did she confront you at Bill's?"
"Yeah, she just came in and yelled some vile, racist, and homophobic bullshit at me."
"That confirms what Bill told us. I need to take a statement from you while it's still fresh in your mind. She tried to pepper spray a very nice couple down by the river." Walt said matter of factly before chuckling, "Their dog tripped her, and she only managed to spray herself."
"Oh, I hope it wasn't the nice lesbian couple I talked to earlier."
"It may be the same. Did they have a tri-colored retriever?"
"Yeah, named Chester." Em shook her head. "Well, damn, I hope that doesn't sour them on being tourists here."
"They're both fine, and so is Chester. Apparently, she had thrown paint on a gay couple in the park earlier."
"She was on a rampage." Devon shook his head.
"Damn, now I wish she would have tried something in the store. It might have kept her from going off on those other couples." Emily shook her head and worried about the other people Brittany had impacted.
Walt got out of his truck and took a few minutes to get a statement from Devon and Emily. He never once mentioned or pointed out their nudity. Of everything that had happened on a stupendous day, this may have been the moment that somehow felt the most normal to accomplish while naked. It pressed on her desire to do the most mundane things in the nude.
It only took a few minutes to interview both quickly, take a witness statement, and send them on their way. Once they were back in the truck, the joy she felt began to transmute into something else. Em was going to require more sex before the night ended.
Devon -- A few hours later
The pork shoulder had turned out great, and Emily seemed to have a euphoric glow. He hoped Em was enjoying the day at least as much as he was. Nothing could compare to the sight of his wife looking so happy. Carl and Luann had news of their own. They had finally set a date for their wedding. The couple would be walking down the aisle next June on the beach in Texas. Carl had asked him to be a groomsman as long as they could make the trip. Emily gave him an enthusiastic nod, but he told Carl they would discuss things tomorrow when they were sober, though he was leaning toward a yes.
Em looked like she had a great time with karaoke. She even convinced him to join her for a song. A smile did not seem to leave her face. The party was fun but wound down at about ten pm because most other party-goers had work in the morning. Artie was letting his most senior barista open tomorrow, so he did not need to be at the store at 4:30 am. He and Bill made a couple of runs to get all the friends who had even sniffed a drink tonight home safely. It took both as they delivered people and modes of transportation. Their last collection was Carl and Luann, who had seemed to meld well with Emily's friends, even if they did not participate in the nudity.
"Thank you both for getting everyone home safe." Emily was bidding a farewell to Artie and Bill as they went to leave.
"It wouldn't be a good look for someone to get a DUI leaving a police lieutenant's party."
"We could have gotten them a rideshare," Emily replied.
"And then they would have had to come back to get their cars in the early morning and wake you two up," Artie explained.
"Still, you guys are too good to me."
"It'll be Bill and I's twentieth anniversary soon enough." Bill and Artie had a civil union and unofficial marriage a full ten years before it became legal in Colorado. In the state's eyes, they had only been wed for ten years come October, "I think we'll go nearly as big as our tenth." Their observation of their tenth anniversary had to be put off for a couple of months so it could be a legal marriage ceremony.
"We'll return the favor! It's a promise." Emily smiled. "Are you sure you don't want to stick around for me to open your present?"
"Nah, I know you'll love it. I may let Reggie open in the morning, but I doubt I can stay away long. I need to get my beauty sleep, or my hubby will complain." Artie struck a pose that summoned a slightly buzzed laugh from Em.
"Thanks again, Artie." Devon waved as he herded a slightly drunk Carl and Luann from their home.
Emily closed the door and locked the latch behind them. She would not let Kyra and JP drive home this evening, insisting they sleep on the couch. It was a good thing as it appeared that all four had enjoyed their share of Long Island's tonight. His wife came over and lounged across the arms of the recliner, putting her perfect ass atop his lap.
A brief kiss quickly eroded into a smile. "Thank you to you too, Dev. I know this wasn't your type of party." They would go to Denver for his birthday, enjoy a nice dinner, and a night in a fancy hotel. He preferred celebrating with his favorite person in the world without a crowd.
"My type of party is wherever you are, babe." He said without a shred of dishonesty, "How did I do today?"
"When I was six, my parents got me a Barbie dream house. They also had a petting zoo. The next school year, I was the most popular girl in first grade." She smiled and let it linger for a second, "I never thought anyone would top it." The grin dissolved, "I'm happy to have you prove me wrong again." The radiant smile that returned was even brighter.
"You deserve the world, Emily." He leaned in for a kiss. Devon was ecstatic that Em did not try to argue with the declaration like she would occasionally.
"Well, I know we'll not compete, but we have a present for you." JP broke the pleasant silence that descended on the party's dregs, "I was hoping that Bill and Artie would have stuck around, but Se la vie!" The more Jean Pierre drank, the thicker his accent became, "I must run to get it from our truck." Kyra hopped up and scrambled behind him.
Devon and Emily used the brief reprieve to make out deliriously. "I can't wait to get you to bed," Emily whispered, "It might be fun to try and stay quiet." Dev's cock hardened instantly; he never wanted to miss a chance to make love to his wife.
Kyra and JP brought a large, tall, broad, wrapped package that was thin in depth. Devon already knew what the box contained because he was the photographer behind it. Getting it discreetly printed was a challenge in and of itself, but the image did not really reveal its subject.
"We hope you like it. Bill and Artie went in with us." Kyra set the gift against the island and motioned for Emily to come to unwrap it.
Dev was hoping there would be a small verbal protest to getting up because there were no pillows on the recliner to conceal his erection when she left her seat. Em did no such thing. She instantly bounced onto her feet and skipped across the room. He prayed that the arms of the recliner blocked his cock from the rest of the room.
"What's this? You're too good to me." Emily smiled at Kyra and then Jean Pierre.
"Your husband took it." Kyra gave away more about the present before it could be unveiled. She pointed at him, and then her eyebrows shot up. Ky may not have said anything but that look told him she had spied his cock. Devon covered himself with his hands, wondering if that made him more conspicuous.
Em stole the focus back across the room by ripping into the packaging. "Oh! Holy crap! This is exactly the print I wanted." Emily broke into her happy dance for at least the dozenth time today. The image was shot from the summit of a peak. Emily was standing on a rocky outcropping a little bit below. She only had on a big, tan backpack and a pair of black hiking boots. Her body was turned just a little to reveal the swell of one breast without her nipple showing. A pert and perfect ass peeked out from below her backpack.
His wife was not missing in the vivid photo but was not entirely the subject of the snap. Her form gave scale to the valley and mountains beyond. The perfect amount of cloud cover added texture to the sky. Artie was positioned just out of frame, playing lookout for the nude couple as they hurried to get the shot. It was not an image that could ever be recreated, at least not in their lifetime. A wildfire charred and scarred the area a couple of months after the photo was taken.
"It's beautiful, thank you all!" Emily showed off the print to the small crowd spinning happily, "What do you think, Dev? How will it look over the fireplace?"
"Brilliant, like my wife." He smiled. Everyone in the room knew that Em was in the photo, but it was not obvious and looked like a fine art print.
Emily rushed back over and flopped back into his lap. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him into a passionate kiss. Her fantastic butt wriggled on his lap, coaxing his penis back to full height. She bit her lower lip and raised her eyebrows when she broke the kiss. Devon had no doubt how the evening would end.
"I'm glad you like it, Emily." Jean Pierre said as he looked a little pensive.
"You all are too good to me!" She did not release the hold on Dev's neck as she turned back toward their pair of guests.
"It'll be my birthday soon enough." Kyra smiled, "Jean Pierre and I are going to go." Her words were a little slurred from copious applications of Long Island iced teas.
"I've already told you two you aren't going anywhere." Emily took on her authoritative cop voice, "You've both been drinking."
"The couch is pretty comfortable, not that I've slept on it in a while." Devon chimed in. The last time he slept on the couch was the first night he stayed over at Em's after falling into an icy river. She obstinately told him it was just to watch him, but something was pulling them together even then.
Kyra blushed for a moment, which was not a typical appearance for the normally hyper-confident young woman, "But how are my hubby and I going to have birthday sex!" She got pinker as she blurted it out, "He was stuck at work last night after a gas line broke, so we didn't get it in then."
"Well, he would probably put his penis in your vagina..." Emily giggled as she started to explain. She looked at Devon and waggled her eyebrows suggestively, "Like Devon and I are going to."
"We're not exactly quiet." It was JP's turn to look sheepish.
"Neither am I." Em managed to say with absolute confidence.
"It won't be Nude Day tomorrow, and we didn't bring any clothes." Ky protested, but her expression seemed resigned as if she had already lost the battle.
"We can grab you some in the morning." Devon had no intention of letting the pair drive home.
"Oh... okay." Kyra had an ashamed expression.
"There's one more part of my fantasy." Em leaned close and whispered, "Are you game?"
Devon knew recent dreams about Nude Day included an impossible dose of public sex. They had indulged in epic trail sex to get close to the vision, but it lacked an audience. If he could make her birthday any better, he would do almost anything. He knew it was more than that; Dev was confident that if Emily had asked him to rob a bank for her, he would find a way. Dev nodded as a reply. His erection was poking into her ass as she squirmed a little.
"If we are going to hear each other anyways..." Emily twisted in his lap, so she was facing away from Dev. She wordlessly rose off him and aligned herself. Slowly she sank his cock deep into her hot, tight pussy. Em had not come up with this at the spur of the moment from the abundant nectar already dripping down his shaft. It had likely been on her mind since the party cleared out.
"EMILY!" Kyra yelped out.
"What? Ohh!" Emily moaned in delight, then paused her motions along Dev's shaft, "I didn't need you two to forgo birthday sex because you were self-conscious. It's not like you haven't seen me have sex before. The whole town has seen the videos." Em might not be moving, but her pelvic muscles worked Dev's shaft as she spoke.
"We haven't!" Kyra squeaked out.
"Really!?" Emily questioned. Jean Pierre and Kyra shook their heads vigorously. Both had their mouths wide open in shock. "Huh, I wouldn't have just started fucking Devon if I had known that." Em issued a rare nervous laugh, "Too late now!" She fully sank down the remaining length of his shaft. His bride wasn't going to wait any longer; she started to traverse him.
Devon's vision was not entirely blocked by his wife's sexy back. Ky's eyes seemed to be protesting, but her hand was wrapped around JP's cock. Her husband looked slightly shocked but found Kyra's breast with an arm that had been gripping her shoulder.
"No condom?" Kyra queried. Dev thought it was an interesting question as the young woman shook off her stupor.
"Nope, we hardly use one. Only when we don't want to leave a mess. Do you two need one? We have some in the top drawer of my bathroom." Emily only sounded slightly winded as she spoke, not stopping her slow bucking.
"A month ago, I would have taken you up on the offer. Now, not anymore; we're trying!" Ky seemed excited to announce it to her best friend.
"Oh! Good for you two!" Emily sounded happy, "We are going to try to start a family in December."
"Some unofficial cousins would be nice." Kyra knelt in front of Jean Pierre, sucking his thick cock between her lips as he leaned against the island. He still looked bewildered but was not protesting. JP might not have Devon's length, but he might have the thickest cock that Dev had ever seen. The conversation faded, and only the sound of sex pervaded the tiny house.
Devon gripped his wife's hips lightly to help stabilize her form as she bucked wildly on his cock. Her hands moved from his knees to her breasts as she repositioned her feet onto the recliner and leaned her body back. The physics of how she was driving with speed in that position was surprising, but his wife was constantly, pleasantly, finding new ways to shock him most exquisitely. Public sex was not on his list of turn-ons, but it was on Emily's, and he had difficulty denying Em anything.
After having sex for only a minute or two, Dev took the opportunity to move one finger around her hip and find her swollen clitty. Her reaction was nearly instant. As her splayed legs came together, Emily shrieked, shrill and brief, "Ffffuuucccck!" Her pussy clenching rhythmically around his cock let him know, beyond the wail, that Em had already cum. Devon had to grip her hips harder to keep her steady. It wasn't the strongest of her powerful orgasms but came with startling swiftness.
"Holy shit, already?" Kyra looked over, bewildered, "You're a lucky woman." She stood. JP was fully erect and covered with a sheen of saliva. Her husband cleared off a section of the island and lifted Ky on it. As she opened her legs to Jean Pierre, Devon couldn't help a curious glance; the triangle of dark hair at the top of her womanhood was more a decoration. Her labia and legs were hair free. Other than a slight groan, Emily seemed unable to respond yet.
"It makes me look like I have all the skill." Devon joked as he tried to be a little less awkward. JP shook his head and then went to work on his wife. Although his body blocked any views of what he was doing, the wet noises and Kyra's moans left no doubt that the Frenchman was going down on his bride.
Em's body started moving again, apparently through with her first climax, "Don't let him be too humble. He has a cock that fits me perfectly. I never came so easy before him." She boasted while picking up speed.
"I know the feeling. Jean is a perfect fit. I knew the first time we had sex, in the kitchen after work. I'm just glad he had a condom. Ohhh!!" She bellowed, interrupting her talk. "I'm sure we would have had a good time without it. Um!"
"Dev wasn't so prepared." Emily pushed up off Devon, letting his cock thump against his stomach.
"That's too bad. I thought Dev was always ready for anything. Ohh!" JP's slurping noises did not seem impeded by the conversation, "So, you didn't take that for a spin?" Kyra pointed directly at Devon's straining erection.
"All Dev's stuff was on the side of a mountain." A semi-truck had sent his vehicle flying off a cliff and into a grouping of aspen and pine. It would be four months before the wreckers could get his truck recovered. A broken window and curious wildlife meant that not a single piece of luggage was salvageable when he made a return trip in May with an engagement ring in tow.
"And it didn't stop us." Emily walked confidently over to the counter by the sink and motioned for Devon to follow her.
There was zero hesitation as he stepped across the room and kissed his perfect angel again. The way she looked with only her running shoes, wedding ring, and emerald necklace was the most beautiful thing in his world. This perfect woman had agreed to spend her life with him, making him the luckiest man alive. The inner amber ring in her iris seemed to be burning like a pair of coals, while the green of the outer iris shined like her new jewelry. Dev was utterly enthralled by his wife, and if this was what made her birthday perfect, she deserved it.
Emily -- That exact moment
Her heart was racing, but something inexorably pulled her forward with tonight. She would probably feel embarrassed tomorrow, but that would happen anyway when she faced family. What was one more awkward conversation?
"You let him go condom free the first time? Unh!" Kyra's eyes kept moving from Jean Pierre back to Emily. JP seemed to know exactly what he was doing. Her best friend's beautiful large breasts shuddered as she pinched her nipples.
Em thought that Devon would come over and bury himself in her. His perfect curve would hit her g-spot just right in this position, but her husband looked hypnotized by her femininity. He dropped to his knees and tucked in for dessert. A shiver of pleasure rippled through her as his powerful and agile tongue parted her folds.
"What can I say? Um!" She cried out, unable to contain the anticipation as Dev's nose glanced across her clit, "He can really eat a pussy!" She squirmed beneath her husband's talented tongue. A single long middle digit pushed its way into her dripping vagina.
"Emily!?" Kyra giggled.
"What!? You go seven years without oral sex and then see how reasonable you are!" Emily looked at Kyra as the younger woman played with her breasts and decided that was a good idea. She rolled a pair of rock-hard nipples between her fingers as Devon conducted a perfect symphony with his tongue and fingers.
"Seven years!? Damn, girl, I might have been wrong to call you lucky before." There was another laugh from Ky before she unleashed a cry of joy.
"Nah, I'm still... OH!" Devon's skilled lips wrapped around her clit, suckling on the little nub and overwhelmed her conscious thought for a moment. His eyes danced as he looked at her with a wink and moved back to lapping her flowing nectar, "...Lucky." Em finished her sentence, "A. He loves to do that. B. Nothing bad happened when I let him do more than just have sex without the condom."
The conversation died out for several minutes as the guys plied their typically private trades. Devon was an absolute prodigy when it came to unlocking pleasure from her body. He had been from the first time they got together and only improved as they experimented and found new climactic triggers.
As excited as Emily had been earlier when they were breaking in the new house, it was a pale comparison to how turned on she was showing off what Dev could do to her. Devon flicked his tongue at her clitty in a manner that was more akin to vibrating. His technique was causing orgasmic energy to compact into her very core. He was slow and deliberate in building her up as if he were building a tall house of cards. The higher the tower was when she cascaded into orgasm, the more astounding it would be when it fell.
Kyra looked to be in heaven, her powerful legs spread wide around her husband, who was a blur of motion on her pussy. The pair of bright pink runners on her feet would catch and reflect the kitchen lights while her hands kneaded and teased at her nipples. Em's vision yo-yoed between her close friend and Devon.
Emily gripped her hand down on her husband's smoothly shaved pate, imploring him to go more for her clitoris. He would suckle on the bundle of nerves and flick his tongue at it. Devon did not seem to want to push her into bliss before he had built up a masterpiece.
"Ohhh! Ffuuuu!" Kyra declared to the ceiling before her eyes closed, and she looked to be screaming without a sound emitted from her dark crimson-stained lips. Her legs vibrated around JP as he stood to watch, seemingly hypnotized by his wife's climax. Emily couldn't stop watching her writhe in pleasure. Devon sensed a change and observed, though his fingers never stopped sliding in and out of Em, keeping the heat on her.
"Wow..." Kyra finally gasped, "I'm glad we both found guys that enjoy that!" Kyra sat up, pushed JP back, then leapt down and turned around. Jean Pierre stepped behind her and pressed his very thick cock into his wife. He was uncircumcised, and his length may be slightly longer than average, but he looked to have a lot in common with a soda can. Emily was somewhat curious to see what Ky looked like taking that wide penis, "Oh! What did you mean by more than have sex without a condom?"
"I let him finish in me."
"Emily!" Kyra yelped out and shook her head.
"What!?" Em smiled and shook her head, "He had just given me my very first vaginal orgasm! And I wouldn't let him up." Devon lowered back down to her vagina and returned to work without comment. He and JP seemed content to let the ladies have a moan and sigh broken conversation while they worked.
Kyra's large breasts swayed back and forth as Jean Pierre grabbed her hips and wasted no time getting into a rhythm. Her best friend used her arms on the island to push back against JP, "No wonder... Dev.... came back... with a ring... in a couple months. That... must be some... pussy girl." Kyra was having a much harder time saying anything.
"The best." Devon intruded on the conversation to confirm. That was the only response as his fingers blurred in and out of Em's tight tunnel. He knew just the right places to hit to have Emily shuddering in anticipation. Her husband smiled up at her before attacking her clitoris directly. His lips enshrouded the nerves as he intermittently sucked and battered them with his tongue. "Cum for me, Em," Dev stated, increasing the pressure on her clitty.
Between her rolling her sensitive nipples and Devon's actions, Emily's world was utterly overtaken by bliss, "GGGGHHHHHHH!" All the air in her lungs was ripped out by the blast of climax. Her body shook as she slowly pulled in oxygen in staccato bursts. Her scream was not just for show as her world exploded into a joyous sensation. She wiggled and roared as neurons fired a torrent of feeling through her body. The most beautiful sunset tones flashed through her clenched eyes as if a flashbulb was firing on one of Dev's cameras.
Em soaked in every millisecond of impossible bliss. Dev continued to conduct the climax with perfect, practiced precision. When her eyes snapped open, her husband had the proudest smile on his lips. He had earned that pride.
"Fuck me, Devon!" She ordered; the second orgasm had only made her hungrier for far more.
"That sounded like fun!" Kyra declared. Emily had almost forgotten that they were there.
"Devon is a fucking magician, I swear." Em scooted to the counter's edge as he stood and pressed his big, perfectly-curved, dark cock into her. The pair of orgasms was fantastic, but she needed this feeling of fullness as her vagina stretched to take all of him. An aftershock of the last climax rippled through her, "FFff... Especially with his wand." Her husband took things slowly. Even as turned on as she was, he could be a lot to handle.
"Gahh!" Kyra's arms strained as she pushed back against Jean Pierre, "I think... I can... empathize... I married... the best... sex... of my life. Mmm!" A shout of pleasure cut her off. JP had her hips clenched hard in his meaty hands as he paused for a second with his wife completely impaled.
Emily wanted to reply, but she needed to kiss Devon. Her vagina pulsed around his hard rod as he picked up speed. Em gripped the edge of the granite and slid her ass across the sweat and nectar-soaked surface to meet every thrust. She needed fierce deep sex to finally alleviate the want that had still not yet been sated.
Her tiny home was crammed full of the grunts, moans, slaps, smacks, and claps of passionate lovemaking. Em no longer had the mental bandwidth required to hold onto a conversation. A brief thought that this may be the last time Devon and Emily fucked in this tiny kitchen crossed her mind.
Their escapades were never merely sequestered to the bedroom. In fact, they may have fucked more in the living room/kitchen combination than in their bed. Spooning on the couch often led to slow, sensual sex. When something was cooking in the kitchen, Emily liked to ride Devon against the timer, trying to get him to spill before the alarm. Being a home nudist with a man who supported her often led to spontaneity.
Within only a few minutes, Emily could feel the desire to cum rising again. Her arms wrapped around Dev's back, pulling him closer as the euphoria quaked like seismic waves through her body. He pulled back so that his cock was hitting just the right spot.
"Ohh!" Her nails bit into Devon's flesh when his fingers found her clit again. He broke a series of manic kisses to move down her neck. He knew how to perfectly nibble on her collarbone before zeroing in on a nipple.
Maybe she liked having an audience, even if their moans and sighs were as loud as theirs, or perhaps Devon was an actual wizard, either way, she was on the verge of exploding. Their sex sounded so much wetter and more indecent than ever before, but that made her so hot, "Fuck me, Dev." Came out like she was begging in almost a mew.
"Harder?"
Emily tried to reply, but all she could do was nod enthusiastically as she was lost in moaning. Devon moved his hips faster but still managed to stay controlled, concentrating on her special bundle of nerves at the top of her vaginal walls.
"FFffffff..." Devon sucked down hard, but not too strong, on her nipple, just how she liked it.
"Oh, God!!!!!" She wailed and grasped desperately at Devon's back as three fonts of bliss roared to life.
Her husband had managed to time the tiny orgasm that he could summon by playing with her nipples and overlayed it with a powerful vaginal climax at nearly the same time. Wrapped around and most potent of all was the powerful clitoral explosion. She shrieked as Dev plunged his length into her, thrusting his hips just a little. The complete fullness of her pussy capped off an epic, unbelievable release.
"Cum for me!" Devon demanded. Their sex life seemed to be the only place he was so forceful. It was exactly what she needed.
She thrashed on top of the cabinets, screaming and hollering as Devon held her safe in his strong arms. Her honey flowed from her as if the pleasure couldn't be contained. The colors of the vibrant Colorado sunset ricocheted through her clenched eyes as a torrent of joy shattered her consciousness for a long series of quickened breaths. Her vagina pulsed around Dev's massive cock. Her legs were buzzing around Devon's waist as the seemingly interminable pleasure cascaded through her in complete orbits of her being, seeming to drive to a higher level with each circuit.
Devon waited for a long, slow kiss when the real world filtered back in. Everything seemed to be covered in a gauzy layer of bliss.
"Holy fuck, Devon. How can you make me cum like that? You're a damn sorcerer." Her words seemed to slur slightly, though that had nothing to do with a couple of Long Island iced teas and more with her man.
"I don't know how often I have to tell you that it has everything to do with you, babe. It is only because of the birthday girl's perfection that I can look so good." He leaned in for another smooch.
"Take me over there. I wanna ride you until you explode." Em pointed over toward the living room.
"But I'm not done making you cum." Dev protested lightly.
"Is it still my birthday?"
Devon nodded emphatically. "At least for a few minutes."
"Well, this birthday girl wants to make her husband cum."
"As you wish, my love." Devon smiled and kissed her again.
Emily wrapped her arms around the back of Dev's neck as he lifted her off the counter. They often liked to see how many positions they could get into without decoupling. She didn't see Kyra and JP and wondered if they had retreated to the bathroom for some more privacy. As Devon stepped them around the island, she saw her best friend on the floor, legs spread around her beau, "There you are. I was afraid we scared you off." She tapped Dev's shoulder to pause before moving them over to the couch.
Jean Pierre broke off the make-out session and pivoted up, allowing Kyra to catch Em's eyes, "Nope, JP's legs cramped up and needed to change things up. That sounded, wow!"
"The old man got a cramp? He's getting up there in years." Emily teased. Devon moved his legs apart a little and started to stroke into her as if he couldn't contain himself.
"Wow, can you two have sex like that?" Kyra questioned as JP aligned himself with her pussy, "I mean start to finish, not just a couple strokes."
Emily nodded but did not immediately verbally respond. She was entranced by the look of Ky's womanhood stretching to allow Jean Pierre's girthy cock to penetrate her. JP leaned back like he was giving a free look at their intercourse.
"Out on the trails, occasionally. It took a while to get it down, but it's helpful when you can't find a clean place to lay down. He kinda struggles to stay standing when he cums though."
Kyra just moaned in reply with a head nod. She was too busy mating with her husband to respond.
"To the couch. I need you to cum." Em whispered in her husband's ear. She watched the opposite pair intently as Devon crossed the room. They wasted no time getting up to a frenetic pace.
Dev slowly lowered them onto the couch before rotating onto the long side of the sofa. Emily noticed that he turned her so that she could see and watch the other couple. Ky was remarkably flexible, her legs splayed wide for the encounter. After a kiss, Emily pivoted up and started to bounce on a perfectly curved penis. She took occasional peeks at the other copulating pair, but her attention was mainly on the warm brown eyes of her husband.
She varied between long slow bounces and quick little bucks as Devon's hands explored her body. His strong hands went from her ass to her ribs, fondled her breasts gently, and found her nexus. His attentions were random but steady and practiced. When Emily realized she would not get Devon to spill quickly, she settled in for a long, furious ride. Pleasure would bolt out of her pussy in random little arcs as she moaned to the ceiling.
About ten minutes into the position, and several minor variations thereof, Kyra's delirious scream tore Em's attention to the pair across the small room. She watched in awe as her friend's back arched and hands kneaded her ample breasts. Pink bloomed across her chest, and her legs shook. JP did not stop his motion. He seemed to find a higher gear as he desperately stroked into her. That only lasted a few seconds before his hips pressed forward.
JP's face contorted as all motion stopped. There were labored gasps for breath as an apparent climax gripped the man. Kyra's screams became intense as her husband unloaded sperm into her. Emily couldn't help slowing and watching intently something so intimate. It felt a bit wrong, but they could have scurried off to the bathroom if the couple hadn't wanted to be seen. She looked away when they started to cuddle and kiss in a post-orgasmic festive flurry.
Devon had never taken his eyes off Emily as she bounced. He seemed permanently ensorcelled by his wife. It was a feeling she could understand well. Everything she had gone through had led them to get together, and she was thankful for that. Practiced hands teased her nipples. After a few more furious circuits, Emily looked back to see Kyra watching curiously as JP continued to kiss her neck.
Picking up her pace, Emily leaned back to give Ky a downright indecent view of Devon's giant cock gliding in and out of her pussy as Em humped furiously. Riding hard, she covered every millimeter of Devon's penis in a soaking sheen of molten nectar. She looked into Dev's eyes; he was close but fighting against losing his load.
"Get it, girl!" Kyra yelled out encouragement.
Her pussy sounded so wet on Dev's cock. His talented fingers found her nub, and Em's world exploded into utter bliss with little warning. Her body slouched forward as she screamed, trying to blast out some of the overwhelming pleasure it seemed too much for her vessel to contain. Strong arms clutched her as she quaked and shuddered through what might be a record count of orgasms for the day.
This particular climax seemed quick, brutal, and euphoric. A lightning strike of vibrant pleasure refracted as if light through the prism of Emily's body. Each bounce across her neurons seemed to spike the bliss to higher levels. A new sensation of satisfaction seemed to trickle out and bind to the bolts of joy.
"Unh!" Devon looked like he was trying to stall spilling his seed deep within Emily, but he lost the battle as Em's fluorescent orgasm started to wane. His hips pressed himself deeper into her pussy as tremors of the remains of her orgasm continued to pulse. Hot blasts of semen were injected deep within her body, "Grrnk!" Dev exclaimed through clenched teeth with a wild look in his eyes.
Back in complete control of her body, Emily tried to milk the sperm from her man with carefully timed clenches and releases of her pelvic muscles. "That's right, cum for me, baby." She lightly pressed her chest off his body and stared into his burning brown eyes. Devon might have been unloading more in her than their first encounter today.
Eventually, the ejaculation petered out, and Devon pulled her down for another kiss.
"Well, that was hot. You feel better now?" Ky's voice invaded their cuddle.
"Uh-huh." Emily climbed off Dev. His spent cock was still at full length, but no longer had the strength to hold itself up. She had to put her hand under her vagina to catch Dev's cum as it flowed from her. It was odd that sometimes it seemed to dribble quickly while others would take their sweet time.
She offered the opposite hand to Devon to help her husband up, "Fresh towels are in the bathroom, and bedding and pillows for the couch are in the closet." Now that satisfaction was suffusing her nerves, Emily wanted to retreat from the crowd. She grasped Dev's hand and walked him to the bedroom. A quick shower and some aftercare snuggles would be the perfect capper for an astoundingly ideal birthday.
Devon -- December of that year
The dryer buzzed as Devon wrapped up the last email he needed to send before his whole office was off for the holiday break. He couldn't help looking up and smiling at the town stretched out in front of them, the view was fantastic as always, but there was something special when a fresh layer of snow reflected the colors of the sunset over the mountains. Before he collected the last couple of clothing items to pack for their annual trip to the Kansas City area, he grabbed his camera and snapped a picture out the front door.
Not for the first time, Devon questioned whether he had died three years ago and all this had been a look at heaven since he got stranded here. A squeaky ball underfoot let out a high-pitched squeal as he accidentally stepped on it while returning the camera to its usual resting place. He was surprised their pup did not come running to collect her favorite toy, but she was her momma's dog. They ultimately agreed that Emily was the most special woman in their worlds. Now, the goofy little beast would come running if he offered treats or ice from the fridge.
His apprehension about not knowing how to care for a canine was nearly instantly forgotten when the little pup moved in with them. She was a bright and cheerful blast of energy in their lives. Dev hoped she was well behaved and prepared for a long car ride; then again, how often was the pup able to see her brother. Alan and Cassie had been persuaded by a visit to adopt their own young scamp. A few trips to Denver to get her used to drives had been a test that she passed.
Snickers took a month to learn how to successfully ascend the spiral staircase to her dad's office. When she tried as a young pup, she would get halfway up and then yowl for him to go spend time with her. Now, most workdays, Snickers snoozed in her dog bed behind the desk, waiting for him to take her for a run at lunchtime. The sweet girl occasionally distracted an online meeting or two, but she was the highlight of many in his team's day. Even days he worked at Artie's, she got to tag along. Traffic seemed to pick up at the coffee shop whenever she was there. An adorable puppy was good for business.
Emily had just gotten off work a couple hours ago and was getting in some yoga and a shower before the annual Christmas party that coincided with their anniversary. She always liked to have a half hour to herself after work. It usually took the form of a gym appearance, but she didn't have time today. His neighbors would be setting up a surprise for Em while they were at the party. It was difficult to surprise the woman without a bit of assistance. When they arrived home, some rose petals on their bed and a pair of earrings to match her favorite necklace would be ready to go. Carl and Luann would be by in forty-five minutes to carpool to the party. It was Carl's turn to play the designated driver, though none of them was the type to get too crazy.
Devon folded the last of the socks and underwear needed for each of their suitcases and got them put into the SUV that would be relatively warm in the garage. Since he only had a half day of work today, he took care of the packing for the yearly visit back home. They had talked about flying home from Denver, but the pup needed to come along. The nephews and niece would complain if they didn't bring her. Hopefully, all they would need to do in the morning is take Snickers for a walk and then load up and head toward Kansas.
The last tasks that Dev needed to tackle were emptying the dishwasher and prepping coffee for the morning before he could relax and enjoy the evening. Snickers finally made her appearance from their bedroom, and Devon let her out so she could run around and take care of business after her dinner. She would be in her crate for a while as the Christmas party was puppers-free.Poor girl will have to suffer in her crate.He thought but was almost certain that his neighbors would play with her when they came through. Snick was hard to ignore.
"Are we all packed and ready to go?" Emily's sultry voice questioned from behind him as he put the last sauté pan on its hook above the island.
"We just need me, you, Snickers, and her crate in the... Damn..." Every ounce of controlled thought leaked out from his brain as he turned to look at Emily. He was pretty used to seeing his wife naked; since they moved in, it was far rarer that she was clothed than naked. Even when friends came over, she didn't bother to dress now that she had broken the ice. Kyra seemed to prefer it this way.
Emily was more than just nude right now; her hair was perfectly and impeccably styled. Festive red and green ribbons were festooned throughout her dark-colored locks. Her makeup was elegantly complete. She had on her fabulous, glittery, red high heels and a pair of green thigh highs that reminded Devon of the night they had gotten together. Her nearly ubiquitous emerald necklace sparkled beneath the sunset colors leaking in from the big front window.
Em wasn't truly naked this evening; she had a couple of metallic ribbons wrapped around her breasts, barely concealing her nipples, but not her areolae. Another pair accentuated her shapely hips. One adhesive bow like those that came on presents slightly obscured her pussy.
Her singularly intriguing and unique eyes seemed to take on that pair of festive colors themselves. Em's arms were up as she leaned against the threshold of the hallway; she knew full well what she was doing, inviting his eyes to wander everywhere.
"Happy anniversary, babe." She took several slinky steps into their kitchen.
"Good, God, Emily, you look incredible!" Devon could wait no longer and stepped over to kiss her deeply. The amber of her inner irises seemed to flicker like a flame.
Her hand reached out and placed something on the countertop, a pill case that Devon knew well as they had returned to retrieve it several times before leaving for long weekends in Denver. "The first part of your present. It's time to start working on a family."
Dev smiled as she reached up, pulled the ribbon from her breasts, and sat on the counter. "Yes, ma'am." He practically threw his clothes off and stepped between her perfect legs. "We only have a half-hour before Carl and Luann get here."
He was glad that Ky was in France for Christmas. She possessed an uncanny ability to walk in at just the wrong moment and impede the couple. She and Jean Pierre were sharing some big, exciting news with all of JP's family. Emily would be happy for her bestie's return after the new year.
"Then we need to get better at quick sex," Emily responded as she curled a finger toward him.
Devon stepped forward as if hypnotized and pulled her close for another extended passionate kiss. Emily bit her lower lip while staring back with the most incredible eyes in the world. "I suppose this is the other part of my present." Devon pulled the bow off his wife's beautiful flower.
"One more part of it. I'm not done surprising you yet. Fuck me, Devon!" She ordered and then giggled.
Devon nodded and ran his cock up and down her liberally lubricated slit. Emily grabbed his ass and hastened their coupling. They both moaned in pleasure as they began the hard labor of starting a family.
Emily -- The next Nude Day
Em had doubted that anything could ever touch the lofty heights of her thirty-fourth birthday. A house, a puppy, and a husband that made it his mission to make her day perfect were hard to top. Their families would be returning to town in just a week, delaying their visit until after Nude Day. The fantastic house was much bigger than their first but still felt cozy. The couple had not taken a week off for Em's birthday this year, only taking Monday and Tuesday as a vacation.
It only took her a couple of seconds to plug in the SUV before she took a lap of the garage. The third bay had finally been reclaimed from the array of moving boxes that took too long to unpack. It was hard to believe how much stuff had fit in the old place. The packages from the storage unit that Devon no longer needed to rent had added to the clutter. She was relieved that he had not had some decorations that clashed with hers too severely. His photography melded effortlessly into her more outdoorsy stylings.
The third bay needed a sixty-nine Mustang in the same shade of orange as her grandfather's car when she was a little girl. Maybe she could find one missing an engine, or at least that was not numbers matching, put in an electric crate motor, or put one on the list for her and Devon's fathers to resto-mod. Their dads had hit it off during vacation last summer, and Em's dad mentioned that he had a neighbor interested in electrifying an old Triumph. Devon's father, an electrician, was interested in helping him do it.
A year later, the guard for the HOA where her parents lived changed, and the two rented a bay of garage space halfway between Lenexa, KS, and Belton, MO; that they worked at a couple of days the week. Her dad could no longer bribe the head of the HOA with car repair to skirt the rules. If she wanted to get a 'Stang done, she would need to put her name on a list. Emily was a little jealous that Hank and Cassie got to help them on the occasional weekend. She loved getting greasy in the garage and working on her car with her dad.
She patted her trusty Scout on her way by. Devon had taken the hard top off while she was gone, probably with the help of Paul and Margot. They had proved excellent neighbors, almost surrogate parents that lived close by. They all got along well outside their love for Denver's football team.It's probably just their love of the pup that keeps them coming by.
The house was quiet as she came in from the garage. It felt odd not to be greeted by their energetic pup. She may be very bright and loving for a dog but needed copious exercise to keep from driving them crazy or getting into mischief while they were out. Devon had taken just a little time to warm up to her, but Snickers left him no choice but to fall in love with the silly pup. The name set a pattern for animals she had named based on sugary confections. The dog had chocolate, nougat, and caramel colors on her legs, so the candy moniker fit. Even if she was primarily a light caramel color.
In another week, both their parents would be staying at their house for the first time. Emily would have to cover up for a bit, but it would be great to see them, and they could experience Devon's cooking this time. The rest of their families would be staying at Paul and Margot's as they were visiting their first grandchild on the Gulf Coast, leaving their house rentable at a great rate.
Cassie was four months pregnant with her and Alan's second. AJ would have a sister reasonably close to his fourth birthday. Emily doubted that she would want to retake a naked hike this year. Last summer, the grands took the kids to Denver to see an aquarium and give their parents a day off. Emily took the rest of the crew out for a picnic on one of her favorite trails. It was Lenna that suggested that Em get more comfortable. Before she knew it, everyone in the group, except Alan, who played the lookout, was carrying their clothes.Then again, we wouldn't have to draw straws to see who the designated drivers would be this year.Em smiled to herself.
Lenna and Hank may have to move one more time before their Air Force service was up. The rumor was they wouldn't need to go too far, likely ending up in Wichita or Colorado Springs. They would still be plenty close for a yearly vacation up in the mountains. Hank was looking forward to getting into civilian law enforcement soon. Lenna was already working on an Electrical Engineering degree for after the Air Force.
Making a circuit of the house, Emily checked to ensure that everything was ready for a party later in the day. It would not be nearly as raucous as last year's celebration. This year, they had only invited a handful of people. Jean Pierre and Kyra would appear with their newborn son, Gabriel. No one knew whether or not he was conceived at the party last year, but the timing seemed too coincidental. Bill and Artie would be bringing cookies. Hopefully, an abundance of them. Of course, Carl and his wife Luann would be there this time. They said they would also observe the traditional dress.
Emily sat on the sofa and pulled her e-reader from her purse. Since no one was home, she would relax for a minute and reflect on her morning. She could not help the broad smile that kept leaking out, there was some trepidation about her new journey, but anything was possible with Dev beside her.
She couldn't help reflecting on all the fantastic things that had happened since an errant semi destroyed Devon's truck and a snowstorm stranded her now husband in town. Em couldn't help a sharp laugh when she thought about not wanting to have sex with him as she was sure that he was just passing through. Lust had won out, and Emily was thrilled now that she had given over to her desire. He was the only man for her.
"Hey, babe." Devon came through the front door, wearing only running shorts and shoes. Her hubby was not the nudist she was, only participating for Em. Snickers came rushing over to greet her before putting a dent in her water bowl and dribbling all over the kitchen floor.
"You made good time; I didn't expect you to be back for an hour." He came in for a kiss. A year of runs with Snickers had Devon's body chiseled fantastically. He looked damn good with a sheen of perspiration.
Emily had taken their electric SUV over the pass for a yearly physical from her doctor. It was too far to take her scout, especially with the top off in the cool morning air. There was a simple joy in driving across the county wearing only a pair of shoes. She didn't even need to put on the paper gown to be examined at the clinic.
Devon and Em had been trying to start a family for over half a year without success. Sure, they were having a great time in the attempt, but frustration was beginning. Her doctor's appointment was her first step in seeking help to conceive. Dev had already been through a physical and a referral to a specialist. Everything had checked out for him, which was a relief, but she worried that something might be wrong with her.
"I decided to wait for you before going to Artie's." She smiled at her beau.
"I'll take a shower before we head over there. You want to take the Scout into town?" Devon likely already knew the answer. She nodded vigorously, "Can Snick come along?" Another nod. They both loved the pup. Her husband smiled in reply as he peeled his shorts off. Em grinned at his new yearly tradition, shaving to match his wife on Nude Day, "How did the appointment go?"
"I'm still one hundred percent healthy." Emily smiled, not wanting to divulge her secret yet. "He doesn't want to refer me to a reproductive specialist." The smile dissipated, trying to project just a flash of worry. Maybe now wasn't the time to be messing with Dev, but it was so much fun.
"Why not?" There was a look of concern on his features, with a brief impulse of frustration. They both had their heart set on a family.
"He wants to send me to a different specialist." Snickers came over and dutifully sat on the couch between Em and the backrest and flopped her soft head on her mom's stomach, waiting for pats. Emily quickly indulged the adorable furball. The pup was very used to her owner not wearing anything. She was so adjusted to it that Snickers would cock her head curiously when she put on clothes other than her police uniform or gym outfit.
"For what? I thought you were healthy." Devon leaned on the counter, concern growing on his features. Dev was a worrier only when it came to Em's health.
"I'm pregnant, Devon!" She could no longer hold her jubilant tone.
Dev blinked for a few seconds as a smile seemed to form in slow motion, "Really?"
"Uh-huh, you're going to be a dad, Dev." She smiled as Devon almost sprinted over to pull her into an embrace. Although she thought nothing could compare to last year, she was happy to be wrong again.