I Was A Sex Ed Dummy for FTM Pussy 101
Author's note: I wrote this first and foremost because it gets me really fucking hot: satisfying all my exact tastes & kinks, mixing memories of some of my best sexual experiences with longstanding fantasies. One real-life element is how much it turns me on to help cis gay men get interested in & comfortable with trans fag pussy, so the fun facts are all true, at least for me and my body. It's an educational filmstrip you can jerk off to, or porn disguising itself as educational material. Maybe it's a way to take my kink to the next level, inspiring guys I've never even met to try fucking guys like me. IDK, you decide.
One hour left till the party starts, and I'm starting to freak out a little. I do some quick math & decide I should wait another half hour before I take my edible, but I could go ahead and have a drink now. I don't want to get sloppy or numb, in fact I'm sure I want to feel & remember every bit of what's coming, but my fluttering stomach is demanding something to get me past the initial awkwardness. This won't be SO different from what I'd been doing one on one with most of my dates for the last couple years. Just a bunch all at once. And with even more guys watching.
I wandered out of the bedroom to Daddy's tastefully-decorated living room, stepped around the bar separating it from the kitchen, & poured myself a margarita from the pitcher waiting in the fridge. I ran back through the evening's agenda, and the thoughts swirling in my head mixed with the first sip of tequila sent a warmth spreading out between my legs. Phew. I'm often glad I don't have to worry about performance anxiety like the other boys—when the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak I can just grab some lube, doesn't ruin anything if I'm not hard—but if I get too nervous I get caught in my head it and can be hard to enjoy myself. Besides, I wanted to put on a good show, and I'm not much of an actor. I need genuine lust to show through.
With relaxation on its way, I strolled over to the big L-shaped sofa and folded my legs under me. I put on my favorite pre-clubbing playlist, the stuff I listen to whenever I need to get my blood pumping and my body loose. Daddy came in from the other bedroom, wearing his most professor-y outfit, the one he uses to give important talks: a tweed sport coat over a thin V-neck sweater, with a slim button-down and chinos. Classic, even a little dorky, but the fit was perfect. His broad shoulders and trim waist were nearly impossible to hide, but the cut flattered them both. His pants were a little looser than they needed to be, since neither the round muscle of his ass nor his impressive cock print are really work-appropriate. The smile lines around his eyes and a few streaks of grey in his hair were the only real tells that he's over a decade my senior. It'll be a while before he really hit his silver fox stage, and I kinda hope I'll be around to see it.
All the furniture was arranged into a big semi-circle to seat as many people as possible, but he sits on the arm of the couch right next to me and tousles my hair. "You ready for this, babe?" I nod. "Nervous?" I nod again, think for a moment, then add "I'll get into the zone once we get started. Just lay it on thick for me during the demo? Just tell me what to do, don't make me think"
"Oh, don't worry, I'll be nice and thick" he chuckled, guiding my hand to his lap. I could feel the mass of his cock through his pants. He wasn't wearing underwear, so it was so close under the fabric. I ran my fingers over it. "Ha, want a little taste to tide you over?" I nodded and he unzipped. My practiced fingers massaged his dick while bringing it to my lips. I love feeling him get hard in my mouth, going from a soft, tender mouthful of cock to so big I struggle to take it all. I make a ring around his shaft with my finger and thumb, pumping him into my mouth as my lips slide up and down. Soon I'm tilting my head to make a straight line between my mouth and my throat, as he reaches full size. He strokes my hair, tickles the nape of my neck as I push myself to take him deep and bring my lips to the base of his cock. Just as they brush his pubes, the doorbell rings.
"One sec!" Daddy shouts as he stands up, calmly closing his pants over his still very hard cock & heading to the door. I return to the bedroom to find my indica gummies.
Our guests are unusually prompt. I hadn't finished getting dressed yet because I was expecting everyone to be fashionably late, but the first doorbell ring was early, at 5 minutes till 7. It rings again and again as I give myself a last clean-up and once-over. I strip naked & take a quick, hot shower, using the handheld shower head & razor to make sure I'm presentable everywhere. I towel off and put on nothing but my cutest floral lace boyshorts. I check myself in the mirror: dark hair cut short on the sides with a cute little flop on top. Short trimmed beard, just enough length to avoid being scratchy, with a clean line around my neck and across my cheeks. Fur across my chest in a capital T that trails down my belly, trimmed just a bit so the bush of my pubic hair stands out. Under my shorts, I've shaved out a tad from the base of my cock and everything below, out until I hit my thighs. I feel more naked than should really be possible, with my smooth bare skin brushing my underwear directly. I'm no athlete—more of a cub than anything—but my legs are toned from biking to work every day. The line of my quads has gotten clearer and clearer, and my calves are starting to show a little bulk. Turning around, my ass is rounder and fuller than ever before, solid with muscle under the last of my baby fat.
I'm still admiring myself when Daddy opens the door to tell me they're ready to start. He leads me by the hand back out, to the bar dividing the kitchen from the living room. There's a dozen men waiting: a few couples. but mostly single guys. A few faces I recognize, but a lot I don't. From the headcount I can tell everyone who RSVP'd is already here, no no-shows and no need to wait for anyone else. It's showtime.
Daddy and I are about the same height, so he hops on a barstool behind me, putting himself half a head above me, and has me stand in front of him. He wraps his arms around my torso. "So all you homos are here to try boy pussy" he begins, lightly but without preamble. "Or at least to see what all the fuss is about." There's some good-spirited laughter and I blush a little, looking down for a moment before remembering myself and looking up to meet their eyes. Daddy's hand drops down to tease my cock through my briefs, rubbing gently as he goes on.
"But you don't have to, this is a no-judgement zone. Follow the ground rules and you can do whatever you want. Like it said in the invite, I'm going to give a little 101 demo out here to get us started, then I'm going to lead him to the back room, fit him with a blindfold, and cuff him to the bed. From there his body's up for grabs. You can put a sock on the door for a little privacy—I trust all of you to respect that, and if he so much as whispers a safe word I'll hear it from across town. Or if you want, leave it open so other guys can come in and watch, wait in line, whatever. You can untie him, move him around, take the blindfold off if you want him to look you in the eyes. Or keep it on—he wants to have a little mystery as to which of you has fucked him after this. Fuck him as much as you want, or not at all, just no negative feedback to the boy. Not your thing, move aside for the next guy. I know for a fact all of you haven been to parties with a cumdump before and know how to behave. I have all of your papers, and the boy is all vaxxed up, freshly tested, on PrEP, and he's been fixed, so you can fuck him raw if you want. If you've been fucking ass, go wash up before putting it in his puss or mouth. After 2 hrs, I'm gonna come get him & let him join the main party—if you guys haven't worn him out too much, you can show off what you learned in front of the group. Got it?"
Nods and affirmations all around. I catch a few hungry looks. At least I don't have to worry about rejection. There's a lot of guys here & it seems like most of them want their turn with me.
"Good! Now, let me show you how it's done"
His slow, methodical teasing has lulled me a bit, so I didn't quit expect it when he shoves the crotch of my underwear aside and has two fingers in me so fast I gasp. I was fucking soaked already, the fabric sticky against my thigh. His fingers meet no resistance.
"See? He loves it." He withdrew as fast as he'd penetrated me, leaving my hole disappointingly empty. I whimper loud enough for everyone to hear.
Daddy hopped off his stool and pulled my underwear off in a smooth, expert motion. "Go get on the coffee table like we practiced"
I nod and obey, making my way over to the sturdy reclaimed wood table that's been pulled to the middle of the room & turned perpendicular to the couches. I sit on the narrow edge facing the seated crowd, lay down on my back across it, then prop my feet on the edge at either corner. It's not quite a gynecologist's table, but my audience has a view that's just as exposed as I'd be in the stirrups. The wood is cool, but not cold—it's warm here in the living room with so many people. I close my eyes against the ceiling light, and decide to focus on Daddy's words and touch rather than scrutinize the faces of the men watching up. Soon, I feel his hand on my knee, gently spreading me wider.
I hold the pose after he lets go and takes two steps up to stand over my head, facing the audience from the far end of the table. "Let's start with the anatomy lesson, shall we? You can all come closer to see if you want, guys in the front may wanna get down so we can have 2 rows. First the basics. When Andy here had top surgery, they were able to leave him some sensation in the nipples. Not all guys manage that, but it worked out for him. Still, his are less sensitive than you'd think—you can play a little rough before he yelps"
As he says it, he takes one of my cool-air hardened nipples between thumb and forefinger and gives a little pinch. The sensation was pleasant if a bit distant, like being felt up through a t-shirt. But rather than let go, he began to twist, ever so slowly, until I let out a little whimper somewhere between 3 o'clock and 6. It didn't hurt much, but I had a long nigh ahead of me & I'd learned before to be careful letting my mouth write checks my other holes have to cash. Better to set expectations with a little room to spare, for when someone gets overexcited later.
Daddy lets go, and trails his fingers slowly down through the black fur on my chest and belly. One of the guys in the audience, it sounded like Jason, asked "Does taking T always make guys that hairy? Like, if I got some, could I fill in my chest like that?"
"No, genetics plays a big part. Most guys on T wind up about as hairy as the other men in their families. The hormones activate whatever development potential you have, but eventually it tops out. Andy here got lucky." I was pleased he remembered everything we'd practiced. Part of the idea was letting me bask in being a sex object while Daddy handled all the repetitive 101 stuff—people wanted to know, I couldn't blame them, but eventually it gets old as pillow talk. We'd planned well though and Daddy knew his stuff, so I was blessedly free of any desire to jump in and teach myself. Besides, a split second later my brain turned off completely as Daddy's fingers reached my mons. He was standing beside me now, leaning over to gently spread my outer lips with one hand, lightly touching the base of my cock with his pointer finger on the other.
"Easy part first. His cock works about the same as you're used to. A little smaller—honestly, not even the smallest I've seen—but not so mysterious. The head is *very* sensitive" —he pulls back the hood of my foreskin and I let out a little 'mmm' even before his skilled fingertip strokes the newly exposed flesh. "After all, he's uncut. And he's had a little bottom surgery here just to shape what he had already, freeing it from the body so it can rise as he gets hard, like this, giving you access to the underside of the shaft. That means you can stroke him..."
He grabs my dick with two fingers on one side and his thumb on the other and begins to slowly pull my cock towards the leering men around me, then push back into my body, repeating more assertively and a little faster with each stroke. All the while, Daddy kept giving his presentation.
"And the same goes for oral. Suck him like you would any small cock. Tease the head, go up and down the shaft, use about the same pressure and speed. Try different techniques and just watch his responses. I'll demonstrate after we finish the manual portion of tonight's lesson."
I was arching my back, hanging on every micro movement of his hand. Despite my fears, I was loving this. I've always had an exhibitionist streak, and when I hazarded a glance at the crowd they all looked intrigued, aroused, eager. I felt a wet warmth on the cool skin around my hole as my arousal lubed me up. Daddy dipped an expert finger in at the bottom of one stroke, so when he resumed his fingers slid effortlessly up and down my shaft. His other hand tugged my open from the side, so my pussy was spread wide for all to see.
"Oh good, he's going to come for us, aren't you? First one of the night"
I moan in assent.
"Good boy. That's it. Show them how you come. All the guys wanna see your back arch and your cock twitch. They wanna watch your pussy clench so they can picture what it'll feel like later, when they're all fucking you and you come hard on their cocks. Go ahead, show us. Daddy wants you to show us"
Reaching over my head, I grab the legs of the coffee table to brace myself as I began to convulse. My pussy muscles were grasping for something to bear down on, but Daddy held me open so they couldn't even clench tight against each other. It made me feel so helpless and exposed, and he kept steadily jacking my cock and...
"AAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHH"
My knees wanted to squeeze together so badly, but everyone was here to watch my pussy contract as I came, so I willed my knees apart. Having the walls of my cunt not *pushed* apart by a cock or a toy, but *pulled* apart from outside left me feeling aggressively empty, like my gaping pussy were being fucked by a ghost. It felt like a negative space. I hungered to be filled, like I *had* to get fucked just to get back to normal. I come with a force of sexual need that one orgasm could never fill. All the men watched my hole activate. I flush wet and hot as my mind enters the zone I needed for this party: I became a cock-hungry whore. I needed to get fucked and fucked, to come over and over, to be filled with other men's semen like a human blow-up doll.
I don't know how many of the onlookers could sense it, but Daddy knew my body well enough to know what he'd done. As I slid over the peak of my orgasm, he strokes my cock more slowly, but he never stops, never lets me come all the way down. He cooly continues his speech while gently masturbating me, pulling my cock up and out of the way against my body, fully revealing my wet hole underneath. I was a quivering mess, but he went on, not even breathing hard yet.
"So, right, a little anatomy. These are the outer labia. On us, the same little patch of skin fuses together pretty early in development, forming the scrotum. Reach down and feel the ridge along the center of your balls. Found it? That's the seam." I peek, to see most guys were, in fact, gently playing with their balls, or playfully recruiting a lab partner & checking his. "On trans guys though, gonad tissue stays inside instead of migrating down to form the balls. So the skin of the outer labia is a little thicker, the lips themselves plumper, than a ballsack." He demonstrates, pinching each of my labia between a thumb and forefinger, rolling the smooth, shaved skin between his fingers, gently tugging them apart to show off my inner folds.
"Now, his cock, like I said, grew pinned against his body at an angle. He's had his released, and had some of the inner labia moved to close together underneath. In guys that haven't, you'd see the 'legs' of his cock or clit—whatever he calls it—extend down to form the inner labia, the thinner lips around the hole. Instead, they stitched the remaining bits together to extend this perineum down to his pussy, so he's a little tighter than most." A finger traces ever so lightly over each of these landmarks in turn, slick now and frictionless as a hocky rink.
"Above the pussy hole we have the urethra. Differences in sounding are more of a graduate-level class, and most of the time you actually want to go easy on this part. The piss hole is sensitive, sometimes uncomfortably hypersensitive or easily inflamed. So while you might stroke his cock upppp"—he pulls me to my full length, out away from my body—"and downnnn"—sliding his fingers down the shaft until they press into the base of my cock, then continuing his path down. As they left my shaft, though, he let his thumb and forefinger separate again to each trace out along the edge, along the inner fold of my lips—"you might want to go arouuuuund the urethra before you end the movement insiiiiiide him—"he finished, as he plunges his index finger inside me.
He repeates the movement one more time in silence, pulling out of my thoroughly-teased pussy and up the shaft of my cock till he'd brought it back to it's apex, then repeating the downstroke while adding a second finger inside me.
He withdrew both fingers and shifted his body so he was facing me enough to fill my hole without straining his wrist. He flashes me a smile before turning halfway out to keep addressing the crowd over his shoulder, working my pussy in long, slow strokes with his hand.
"Look how fucking wet he's getting. That's one of my favorite parts. The more he wants you, the more his body gets that hole ready for you. I love reaching down to find he's already fucking ready to slide my cock into. It's kind of romantic to not even pause to lube up, you know? Just stay in the moment and enter him whenever you choose. And I love how easy it is to make him come hands-free. In fact, I think he's going to be a good boy for me and show you in just a moment, aren't you baby?"
I'd been so lost in my own sensation that I barely caught my line. It felt like a k-hole made of lust. I moan 'Yes sir' a moment later than made sense, as he transitioned to not touching my cock at all, just plowing his soaking wet fingers slowly and firmly into my hole.
"Now, there's a lot of debate about whether the G-spot is a real thing anatomically, if it works on everyone with a vagina, etc etc. My favorite theory is that it's a little intersection of nerves derived from the same tissue that becomes a prostate in us. It's in about the same spot, and while it's a little less reliable than the p-spot person to person, Andy here likes it when you stroke his. On his back like this, you just reach in with your palm up, and curl your fingers to make a 'come here' gesture inside him."
I moan and squirm some more. My arms were getting tired from holding the table legs over my head, so I instinctively start to reach for my cock. But Daddy tut-tutted, so I put them at my sides, gripping the edge of the narrow table instead, and using the leverage to rock my hips and push his fingers in deeper.
Something about Daddy's soothing instructions, always delivered with just a little wry smirk, really does it for me. He turned back towards me and shifted from the professorial tone he used to address the room to a more intimate baby talk meant just for me: "Yeah that's a good boy. Show Daddy how much you appreciate it when he fills your pussy. Good boy. Uh-huh. Come here. Come for Daddy. Help Daddy show all the nice men how much you love being fucked. I'm gonna let a bunch of them fuck your pussy later. And you're gonna be a good boy and come just like this on their cocks, come nice and hard just from getting filled up—"
I lose it. My whole body begins convulsing. Daddy matched my passion, uncurling his fingers from the more subtle play on my g-spot in favor of simply pumping his hand in and out of me, hard and fast. I can hear the wet smacking each time the rest of his fist makes contact with my body, the messy squelching as he pulls out. My first orgasm had been delicious, born of teasing and careful ministrations. This was more feral. I thrashed and bounced against his penetrating hand as hard as I could. My back arched off the table as though I were being electrocuted. Daddy rolled with it easily, tracking the tilt of my pelvis so he never let up. He kept up the patter of praise, but in the hushed, almost scared tone he might use on a cornered animal "Good boy. Good boy. Come hard. Squeeze my fingers. It's ok. Daddy wants you to come hard for him. Good boy, good boy, come when you get fucked."
It seemed to stretch on for minutes. I couldn't say for sure, but I heard him working to keep up a string of dirty talk as I kept coming and coming. He looped around and repeated many of the same bits, so it must've lasted for quite a while. I didn't care.
Eventually I collapse. My arching back fell onto the table, and I pulled my body up and away so his fingers left my drenched pussy. At the same time I gave him three quick little taps on the forearm, our signal to tap out. At that, he knew I couldn't take any more, and aborted any attempt to track and re-enter my hole.
Daddy held up his hand. "Look how juicy he gets! It starts with arousal but an orgasm or two really gets his hole in prime condition. I strongly recommend a warm-up orgasm with all your trans boy bottoms. They generally don't have a refractory period like we do, once you get 'em going they can be really insatiable little piggies. Then, by the time you do fuck them, everything will be nice and wet. Just look at this"
He spread me back open. His speech was becoming faster and more passionate. I can tell he's having as much fun as I am with his little private sex ed seminar.
"His little cock is hard as fuck, it's almost doubled in size from when he's soft. And while I was fingering him, I made sure to spread his natural lube all over the outside of his pussy too, so there's no chance of friction later. I'll be able to just aim my cock in the general direction and thrust into him, it basically funnels you in. You can probably see his juices glistening everywhere, from his cock down to where they're dripping onto his ass. And the great thing is the taste—sweet and salty, a little funky. Those of you who've been with cis women will sort of recognize it, but testosterone gives him a muskier, more masculine flavor, closer to ball sweat than girl-come. You can have all kinds of fun fucking him. Having him suck his juices off your cock. In a threesome you can spit roast him and switch holes with your co-top any time you want. Of course, usually there's STI risk if you don't use a condom, but you don't have to worry about enterics or fecal matter. So you can really go to town. There's only one real limit: front to back is fine—taking a toy, finger, cock, whatever out of his dripping wet pussy & pushing it into his ass—but never go back to front. The natural flora aren't compatible & he can get a mild but unpleasant infection from getting butt stuff in his pussy. In a group sex situation, if you're gonna go from fucking ass to fucking puss, switch out condoms or take a breather & go wash up."
He illustrated his point as he spoke, dipping one index finger back inside me to scoop up my wetness, then casually pressing the first joint of his fingertip into the ring of my asshole.
The edible was really kicking in now. I felt euphoric and a little dizzy. An electric tingle pulsed from my groin down to the tip of each of my big toes. I close my eyes again against the light and take deep breaths through my mouth, trying to slow my panting. I wasn't satisfied—if anything, my body was telling me it wouldn't shut up until it got a LOT of cock tonight—but the momentary lull was a relief.
"Now, let me show you how to suck his cock and eat his pussy"
To Be Continued