"On your knees," you say, and your tone automatically incites butterflies in my stomach, half from excitement, half from anxiety.
I search around nervously as I do what I'm told, looking for other people in proximity. We are alone on the trail, but that could change any minute. The weekday visit to the nature Reserve help in that most people are at work, but I'd said hello to several other hikers before we'd come to the current secluded spot. Secluded, but public.
At least the spot you stopped us at was soft against my knees and there weren't tiny pebbles digging into my skin.
I eye the bulge in your shorts, my attention half on it, and half listening for the snapping of twigs that would alert me to anyone else coming. We were hidden by the bend of the trail, but anyone turning the corner would get a surprise.
"Better hurry," you say in amusement, but the expression on your face makes me think twice about the smart comment about to roll off my lips. I settle for a halfhearted irritated noise as I pull you free and take in the sight for a moment, licking my lips. You let me linger inches from you as your cock twitches from just my visual attention.
I lean forward and run my tongue over your head. Your hand finds my hair and you bury your fingers through it softly as I trail my tongue just over your tip, then down to the base, then back up again, creating a glistening sheen of salvia over your cock, and never taking you in my mouth. I tease you, letting my teeth just barely scrape over your head, causing you to start.
You make a small sound as I take just your head in my mouth and suck gently. You push your hips forward, trying to go deeper, but I put my hand on your hip to brace myself and stop you. My free hand finds your balls as I take just another few centimeters of you in my mouth. I pull my head back, letting you slide out of my mouth, my teeth barely grazing you again.
Your hand tightens a little in my hair, but you show no sign of frustration.
Yet.
Because that's what I'm aiming for, half out of fun, half out of pay back for making me do this so in the open. For now, you just let me play.
There is wetness between my thighs, but I resist the ever growing need to touch my throbbing clit, wanting to focus entirely on you. My nipples beg for attention, but I ignore them too as I take one of your balls into my mouth gently, swirling my tongue over it and then giving the other the same treatment.
I freeze when I hear a distant voice, but your hand in my hair ensures that I can't pull away. I make a small sound of panic, but your other hand is reaching down. You sharply roll one of my nipples between your fingers as a warning, making me gasp and jump slightly.
I wrap my hand around the base of your cock lightly as I continue using my mouth and tongue on your balls and slide my hand over the length of you, twisting my wrist as I do. I moan as you jerk forward into my hand, wanting more friction, more wetness, more warmth. I tighten my grip around you with each involuntary thrust, then release to barely anything.
Your breath is getting heavy and you thrust forward again. "Mouth, now," you order.
I happily oblige, pressing your tip to my lips for a moment before I look up at you. Once my eyes meet yours, I take the length of you in my mouth, and clamp my lips tightly around you as I suck, rolling my tongue over you. I flatten my tongue as I slowly work my way back to the tip of your cock, before taking you back in.
I'm frustrating myself, now, too, with this slow speed. I like how your cock jumps in my mouth, the way your precum tastes, and the sounds you're making. I want more, to please you, to feel you, and want it now. This time, when I think I hear the crunch of twigs, I pay no mind.
Your hand tightens in my hair, and you angle my head to make me look at you. And I think then, with a small moan, that play time is over for me.
"Open."
I open my mouth wide, but there is little time to prepare me for you. You're inside my mouth, filling me, the tip of you hitting the back of my throat, pushing past. I gag reflexively, but swallow to let you slide in.
"Good girl," you say as you force my head closer to you. I lick whatever part I can as you thrust in and out of my mouth, loving the way you're breathing and the sounds you're making.
You use my hair to guide me forward and back, meeting you with each thrust, moans and encouragement filling the air between my gasps. Your cock slips past the back of my throat with each thrust, and I can barely close my lips before you're pulling back and then going forward again.
I'm moaning, too. I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to taste you and swallow every drop you give me. I don't care I'm getting messy, that spit is dripping from my mouth, or that my eyes are watering. I'm lost in bliss filled enthusiasm as you fuck my face.
God, the sounds. I love the satisfaction of knowing how much pleasure you're getting from me.
Your thrusts get sporadic. The look in your eyes, and the way your hard cock moves in my mouth, against my tongue, tells me you're close.
Then, I feel the warmth of your cum hitting my throat. I swallow as much as I can, but you're filling my mouth, and I feel it running down my chin.
Your grasp on my hair softens, and you smile at me. "Good girl."
I clean both of us up, not missing a drop, and rise to my feet as you tuck yourself away. A moment later, branches snap beneath feet as people appear.