I have the most loving husband a girl could want. John has always been reassuring and supportive for me, even before we had married 5 years ago. He was totally unlike the other guys I'd dated in school. John was the college jock type, and very intelligent. He was quarterback at his High School and was a walk-on at the University we went to. I was a cheerleader in HS, but not in college. I stuck with the books and really buckled down.
I met John my freshman year at the University. We hit it off immediately, and dated throughout college. We were married just after graduation 5 years ago. Now both of us in our late 20's had a good start on our careers. I was a dental assistant and John was a stockbroker for a large local firm. We lived in the suburbs, in a half million-dollar house, in a gated community on a golf course. We were members of the local country club and seemed to be the perfect couple. We had what most people would call the perfect life, happy, content. But, it wasn't quite as good as either of us wanted. Like most executive's wives, I wanted more sex. John wanted more time out with friends. We both worked hard and looked forward to our time off. We rarely looked forward to our time being spent with each other. I had grown tired of trying to convince him that I needed sex more than the twice a month that he wanted. He had gotten lazy, and put on a few extra pounds, slowing his metabolism. I got my dick about twice a month, if I was lucky.
On the other hand, I tried my best to stay fit, frequenting the gym four days a week and watched my diet. I stayed the same weight I'd been throughout college, weighing in at 125. I was proud of that.
Our lives had changed. We had somewhat grown apart. He did his thing, and I did mine for the most part.
We'd lived in our neighborhood for about two years before our neighbors next door moved in. They had relocated from New York and were a bit older than John and me.
Sandra was in her late 40s, and Vick was 51. Sandra stayed home while Vick earned his living in sales, providing enough to sustain their household.
Sandra was a great looking woman. Tall with Dark hair, huge fake tits and a wide ass under her small waist. Vick had gotten her a tummy tuck when they lived in New York. She was an absolute bombshell.
Vick was your typical Italian Stallion. Black hair, strong face with a Roman nose, and deep blue eyes, and broad shoulders. He was very masculine. He always wore lots of gold jewelry, always smelled good. They had invited us over for drinks by their pool a few times, where we got to see both Sandra and Vick in swimsuits. Sometimes we would lose the swimsuits to take advantage of their large hot tub on cold winter nights after the wine took its affect. Thinking about Vick's thick hairy body had gotten my pussy wet many nights for my husband. I still have of a thing for older, strong men. Vick was all that.
John didn't like hanging out with Vick or Sandra, and often would make me turn down our invitation for drinks at their place so he could go out and do shit with his friends from work.
Recently, I decided that whenever we were invited, I was going with or without him. I was tired of being cooped up in the house in the evenings while he went out and had a good time.
One Saturday afternoon, Sandra met me at our mailbox as I was getting out mail. I told her about my morning baking a cherry pie. Sandra knew that I was an amateur chef, and enjoyed baking, too.
Sandra invited John and me over for drinks by their pool, and maybe some hot tub time later that evening. I decided that I was going to go no matter what. I told her that we would try to make it and went back inside after some more small talk with her. In addition to being physically gorgeous, Sandra really was a sexy woman. She was warm and cleverly suggestive with me. I had always been bisexual and I think she sensed that.
I went back inside our house and told John about the invitation. He just rolled his eyes and said "I've got plans tonight. I'm going to meet the guys from work to watch the game."
I replied "Ok. I might go over by myself, then, if that's cool with you. It's been a rough week and I need a little relaxation."
John barely looked up from the football game he was watching on TV and said "Ok. Whatever. I'll probably get in late tonight" as he slid another handful of potato chips into his mouth.
After the game ended, John grabbed a quick shower and headed out to his buddy's house to watch the late game. I kissed him goodbye before he left.
I took my own shower, making sure I was shaven and smelling sweet before putting on my bikini and texting Sandra.
"What time is this thing going down? John is at a friend's house, gone for the night to watch the game, so I'm solo" I texted with a little smiley face emoji.
Sandra replied quickly "Anytime is fine. We are already laid back on the patio having some drinks, listening to music. Can't wait to see you."
I poured myself a tall shot of patron tequila and downed it. I grabbed a towel and headed next door.
I let myself in through the side gate and walked down the path the length of their house to get to the back patio area. As I neared the end of the path I heard music playing, and as I peeked around the corner I was greeted by the sight of Sandra straddling Vick reverse cowgirl with her huge tits swaying as she rode him. They were facing partly away from me, sitting on their back porch sofa seemingly unaware I was there. I was a bit of a voyeur, so I enjoyed lurking, and watching. I bit my lip as I watched them fuck.
Sandra said in a breathy, hurried tone "She'll be here any minute, baby. You better hurry up and blow that load. We wouldn't want her to ring the doorbell and interrupt us." She kept working her wide ass against him.
I stood there frozen, and turned on watching them enjoy each other. The manly grunts and breathy sounds Vick made gave me shivers. My neglected pussy responded as you would expect. I could feel myself becoming wet as I watched them. It took my breath away. I cowered back so only my eyes were looking around the corner. I didn't want to accidentally disturb them with my presence if one of them happened to turn to see me. I wanted to continue to watch them.
I saw Sandra's cell phone in her hand. She must have texted me just a few minutes ago while fucking him. That thought turned me on. My mind went back to her text that read "Can't wait to see you." I realized that she had texted that to me while getting fucked, and that made my pussy throb even more.
I tested that theory by texting her again. "Should I bring anything?"
Her phone dinged and she opened it and read the message aloud for Vick. He responded loudly "Tell that hot little bitch to get her sweet ass over her and get ready to take some of this fat dick." He laughed. Sandra didn't slow down her pace. She just started typing another text message on her phone to send to me.
I quickly silenced my ringer so they wouldn't hear my phone ding the notification. In seconds my phone vibrated in my hand with a new message. It read "That's so cute. No, just bring yourself wrapped in a bikini and maybe bring a towel. It's wet over here. We have everything you need. Everything. Let me know when you head this way."
Sandra read the message she had just sent to me aloud for Vick to hear. They both giggled.
My pussy seemed to drip with anticipation hearing their banter. I wondered what the night could bring, depending on how I responded to Sandra's last text.
I decided to play their little game with them.
I texted back "Ok, I just thought Vick might like a little piece of my pie. The one I baked this morning. Or maybe the whole thing. John doesn't like my pie as much as he used to, so it seems to go to waste, and that's a shame. There's plenty to go around. I'd rather give my pie to someone who likes it. Ask Vick if he wants some before I head over."
I heard her phone ding again and she once again opened the phone and read it to herself, laughing.
"What's so funny. Read it to me, baby" Vick said with his hands guiding Sandra's hips, working her back and forth faster against him.
She read my text to him word for word, and he seemed to grunt with pleasure.
Vick said "You tell that bitch I will eat all her fucking pie, and that sweet little pussy of hers, too."
Sandra giggled as she typed. My phone vibrated with her message.
"Vick said he'd love some. And I would love some of that sweet pie, too, baby. Just bring it over here for us. He and I will share your pie with each other since your husband doesn't seem to want it."
I nearly giggled out loud at her clever response. My pussy ached thinking about the possibilities. It had been so long since I had been with a couple. I struggled to think about what to say next.
Sandra kept her rhythm and said "I hope she brings that sweet pussy over here for us, baby. She is way out of John's league. He doesn't deserve her. We can take better care of her and we'd appreciate her, Wouldn't we, baby?"
Vick grunted as he replied to Sandra "Oh, yes. She is a cute little tart. I bet her pussy is tight and it's probably wet all day long. I'd love to make her our little fucktoy. Let me get behind you. You need a good doggy pounding."
Sandra stood up and so did Vick. She turned and bent over the side of the outdoor sofa, waiting for him to enter her from behind. Vick turned around, nearly facing me, revealing his large cock. The sight of his stiff dick pointing straight out made me gasp. He had a cute little bear belly, and his cock stuck out well past it. He slid into Sandra, resting his belly on her big ass that was sticking up in the air. He held her hips and continued fucking her. I could still see her phone in her hand.
I texted back "I hope you both like my pie. John has stopped eating my pie long ago. I really enjoy cooking, I would just really like to find someone to enjoy it regularly. Maybe you and Vick could. Wouldn't that be great? Maybe once every couple days during football season when John goes out. I could bring it over for you both."
Sandra's phone dinged again with my message.
She read it out loud for Vick. He said "I'm about to cum, baby. Tell that sweet little cunt to come over here and catch my load in her mouth like a good girl."
Sandra moaned as Vick pounded her harder. She somehow sent me another text message. My phone again vibrated in my hand.
Sandra's text to me read "Get over here and catch Vick's cum in your mouth when he blows, he's almost ready. In the meantime you can lay here in front of me and let me taste your sweet pie as he pounds me... We heard the gate close, baby."
I looked up in shock, my pussy dripping. Vick and Sandra, still fucking, had both turned their heads and looked in my direction as I peeked around the corner of their house from the shadow. They had known I was there from the beginning after I let the gate slam shut.
What could I do but slide my bikini bottoms off, walk over and take my place lying in front of Sandra. "Mmm, I love pie" she said as quickly buried her face in my hungry, soaked pussy.
And so it began.