Before I died, I was only really any good at two things: playing video games, and giving head.
My parents split up when I was young and my mum couldn't look after me and work at the same time, so for weekends and holidays I was shipped off to live with Gramps, who had retired to a static caravan on the Sandy Shore holiday park. All his worldly goods packed into a six by thirty-foot metal box on wheels, baking in the summer and freezing the rest of the time. When the park closed for those few weeks in the worst of winter, he'd go off on a cruise in sunnier climes. The rest of the time, he had his awkward teenage granddaughter for stroppy company.
Sandy Shore was in the arse-end of nowhere, on the coast but miles from the relative excitement of town. It nestled behind hills of sand dunes, protecting it from the worst of the cold sea wind. It had a clubhouse for evening entertainment, a captive-audience shop that could charge whatever it liked, a swimming pool, a few swings and slides and stuff, and fuck-all else to do. So, most of the time, I sat round the pool writing shit poetry, listening to Metallica or Guns n Roses on my Walkman, or hanging out in the arcade watching the screens. I avoided the fruit machines and penny falls - gambling was a mug's game. I was drawn to the promise of other worlds in the videogame cabinets - God knows my own life was miserable, so I'd take any escapism I could get. Even today I'm drawn to that copper and ozone smell. This was the 1980s, the rise of the video arcade, when ten pence bought you into a different life and your luck and skill determined how long you could live there.
I'd play those machines endlessly, pouring my scant pocket money into dreams of escape. So, day after day, month after month, over the years I became pretty fucking good at them. I preferred the ones you could actually complete - the race games where you'd become champion, the shooters where you'd rescue the girl and fly off in the chopper - rather than the ones that just sent wave after endless wave until you were beaten. That wasn't the message I wanted to hear.
Of course, a girl playing videogames, and playing them well, was bound to draw attention. Having D-cup tits at fourteen didn't help, either. Initially it pissed me off, but over time I kind-of liked being watched, even lusted after. The boys would want to beat me. They probably wanted to fuck me too, but I wasn't interested in that. Not then, at least. I was just a kid.
///
My whole life now is an act. I love being on camera, pretending to be the best and most confident version of myself that I can. Nothing to lose now, right - once you're dead, what could possibly happen that is worse than that? And I'd been given a power; the power to please, and to gain strength from giving and receiving that pleasure. Some might call it prostitution; I call it survival. And the memories...
"You're beautiful", the groom-to-be said. I smiled, and kept on dancing for him in the private room he's paid for with his Kittikat Dollars. Swaying to the music, I unclipped the fastener between my breasts and rolled my hands, teasing him before slowly peeling the sparkly bra away. His eyes glazed over.
Working the strip club was easy money, cash-in-hand; not that the cash was really what I was in it for, but it helped with the rent and meant I didn't have to dip into my Master's funds. The proprietor didn't ask too many questions, which would otherwise have been awkward - the dead don't have bank accounts and don't pay taxes. And I sure didn't look nearly thirty, as my driving license would have stated. So being off the books was fine with me; I was being paid to feed myself, what's not to like?
I grinded my round ass into his lap. I could see him struggling not to grope me. His aura was vibrant; so bright I had to wonder if he was a virgin, out to experience the female form before making his commitment. I respected that. Unrequited virgin lust was an acquired taste, but one I quite enjoyed. I stood and leant forwards, presenting my large tits to his burning eyes. His hands were twitching. Not long now. I tucked my thumbs through the waistband of the matching thong and drew the material over my shapely ass and down my legs. He was transfixed, staring at my pussy with such intensity, as if he were trying to memorise it for a subsequent exam. I threw one leg over his lap and straddled him as he sat in the chair, leant forwards and pressed my boobs against his chest. I could feel his heart beating double-time. I reached up and stroked his face. "Give it to me, baby. Come for me," I pleaded. As he messed his trousers, I tapped his aura and drank the energy that his orgasm released.
When he was spent, I reached over for my underwear and started to pull it back on. He grabbed at my arm. "Sir, please let go. You are not allowed to touch me; those are the rules."
"But I paid for a full session!" he complained. Fuck, I thought, one of those. Skilled though I am, it's hardly my fault that he couldn't last more than 5 minutes.
"Let go," I said, more firmly. But he pulled me back onto his lap, and grabbed my breast. So, I slapped him. Shocked, he let go; I pulled the thong back on and went back into the main room, not stopping to do the bra back up. Everyone out there had seen my tits already anyway.
Later, the proprietor beckoned me into his office. "I'm gonna have to let you go, sweetheart."
"What the fuck...?"
"More complaints. You just can't go assaulting the punters!"
"He grabbed at me. You know the bylaws, or do you want to branch out into running a brothel?"
"What I know is that I can't afford for any of you girls to lose me business by pissing off the customers. And it's hardly the first time. Sorry, but I can't have you here if you can't control yourself."
Arsehole. I took my cash, changed into my street clothes, and didn't look back. Being treated like a sex object was fine, that's my living; but nobody takes advantage of me. Seems I was going to have to find myself a new source of income, and more importantly, a new source of prey.
///
Families would come on holidays to Sandy Shore for a week, or sometimes a fortnight. Some came back year after year, so you got to know their kids and became friends, or frenemies. Some were owners, like Gramps, so were around a lot. That's how I met my Bestie. She was a year older than me, all tall and thin and blonde where I was short and curvy and brunette. During the day she was off with her family or something, but in the evenings we were together, thick as thieves, and we teased and fended off the gangs of boys together.
Being a horny teen trapped in a dead-zone caravan park for the summer sure was an experience. This of course in the days before mobile phones, where a whole world of entertainment is just a swipe away. Then, we made our own fun, and we only had one thing to do - mess about with each other. Every Saturday, a new crop of victims would arrive; by Monday night we'd've paired off, and I'd find myself getting clumsily groped while hiding round the back of the clubhouse, or downing liberated Budweisers and bumming menthol fags off the older kids. All the girls wanted to be Madonna and dressed like cheap prostitutes; the boys in shirts and jeans and too much of dad's aftershave.
During the busier weeks there would be gangs of us, ten or more, and things could get rowdy. Someone would suggest playing those shitty teenage games like Truth or Dare, or Spin the Bottle, and we'd all end up snogging each other. Mostly, the boys had no technique; tongues like a dying fish flapping in my mouth. But not the Bestie. Inevitably the game would come around to us having to snog each other, and we'd pretend to be reluctant, but to me it always felt amazing - both being kissed by her, and the reaction it provoked from the boys. Feeling our boobs mash together, gently rubbing our pussies against each other's hips, as we French kissed, and rode the cat-calls.
I fondly remember, years later, that magic tongue of hers on my clit, while I screamed my orgasm to the sand dunes and the stars. But that's a different story...
The Bestie found it odd that I was a vegetarian. It wasn't a moral thing for me, just practical reality - mum and Gramps had little money, and meat was expensive. There were times years back when maybe on Sunday we'd have a chop or some sausages with our dinner, for special, but that ended when dad walked out. I didn't like the taste of it, which the Bestie thought was so funny. "What guy wants a girlfriend who won't put the meat in her mouth?" she teased. Somewhat ironic, given what was to happen to me.
///
Lust is power. All the strong emotions carry power, metaphysically. And where there is a source of energy, a life form will evolve to feed upon it.
The other thing about life is that it adapts to change. Succubi of pre-modern times would have to travel to avoid discovery, could consume quietly for a while in a location but must move on before they were discovered and rooted out. They'd have to keep travelling, place to place, to get enough nourishment without draining the population. Too easy to arouse suspicion in a small town. You could get lost in a city for a while, but with the advent of organised policing and modern forensics, leaving a DNA trace could prove fatal, particularly for succubi unable to control themselves.
But the modern world brought us a boon. Mass-media offers a way for some of us to present ourselves to a wide audience. Rather than feed individually, we could take sustenance from the masses. Some of us are pop stars, film stars, porn stars, cam girls, stage acts, social media influencers. Receiving lust from a distance is low power compared to feeding from the orgasm you brought a partner - but if you can feed continuously from millions, it adds up to more than you could ever have achieved in person. The more power you can absorb, the more glamour you can project; the hotter you look, the more people want to look at you, the more lust you harvest. A virtuous circle of human nature, and no-one needs to get hurt. Indeed, the point is to bring joy and pleasure.
///
Back in the 80s, before I understood any of this, even then I loved the power that boys' lust gave me. Weeks would go by when I didn't have to buy myself anything - no drinks, no fags, no food. I'd be taken for days out at the Pleasure Beach or mooching along the seafront with candyfloss or toffee apples or ice cream. I'd go roller-skating, or on donkey rides. They'd take me to the water park; they'd love that, watching my boobs bounce around while I was all wet and slippery. It was such a small thing they'd expect of me in return. No big deal.
As the years went by, the boys started to expect more. But even once I was legal, I wouldn't let them fuck me. My life was already in the shitter; the last thing I needed was to get pregnant and thrown out of school as well. Most were happy with regular BJs, and those that weren't? Well, they were gone by the weekend when the next crowd came along. I must have sucked a hundred dicks over the summer - big ones, short ones, hairy ones; black, white and all the colours in between; circumcised and complete. Some boys wanted teeth, some wanted it wet and sloppy, some wanted harder suction, some more tongue action. I learned how to please them all.
I'd seen older girls with tongue piercings, and heard rumour that was because their boyfriends liked the feel of it on their dicks when they were getting sucked off. I had to get me some of that. Someone at the site knew a girl who knew a guy at the tattoo and piercing shack along the front. The chick in charge refused, saying they were gonna need parental permission. But the guy gave me a look. I sneaked back after hours, gave him payment on my knees - his condition was to be the last guy who'd get the all-natural experience - and got myself a nice silver bar with a ball on each end. Once I was healed, I made sure he was the first to try out the new me.
I'd have a new boyfriend every week, and for a while it was fun and exciting. Over time, though, it got boring. When you can have anyone you want, why settle for the slime that's just looking for an easy lay? I started spending more time in the arcades again, honing my skills, watching the crowds. Looking out for a new challenge. I started feeling drawn to the quiet ones, the guys who hid off to the side, who didn't stare when I could see them but looked away. The shy, nervous types. Those, I decided to target. Partly, I knew their language; but mostly, it would be more satisfying - and, perhaps, they'd be more grateful for the attention. I was more than just a mouth with boobs, after all.
///
Maybe you recognise me from somewhere. Have you seen my stream? Maybe you've 'pinned' me on Pinterest, follow my Facebook page, like my tweets, or catch my story on Instagram? Hot gamer girl, hair in bunches with bright pink and cyan hair bobbles, matching lipstick, low-cut crop-tops and short short skirts. You've watched me playing games, retro or modern, and ripping the developers a new one where I think they screwed up. Maybe you saw me at a convention, entering a cosplay contest at a big show, or judging one at a more regional affair?
It's all about building and keeping an audience. Get eyeballs on you, get people loving what you do and wanting to see more. Come watch the cute 19-year-old with the killer rack slaying it at games you can't beat. You think I'm too good to be true, that no-one could be that hot and that talented? Suck it up. Of course I'm good at being the wet-dream girl next door - I've had a quarter-century of practise at it.
///
Teenaged summers came and went. I scraped through college, and got a scholarship to study a BA in Drama. If life had taught me anything, it was to be an expert at pretending to be someone else. But going to Uni meant moving away from everything I'd ever known; from Sandy Shore and the people I'd grown up with there. From the Bestie.
At Uni, I was desperate to fit in. I went to every party, joined every society, tried out every club, and burned myself out in six weeks. I slept with anyone and everyone, trying to find my type. I sucked and fucked my way round the drama group until I'd got such a reputation that the only people who'd go with me were the kind you didn't want attention from.
Eventually I found a home with the LARP crowd. Spending my weekends pretending to be a medieval wench in a fantasy world. I became friends - proper friends - with a small but loyal crowd. That was where I met Steve. Steve was tall, dark, and handsome. Everyone knew Steve, and talked like he'd been around forever. No-one really knew what he did at the Uni; he was an ex-student who still kind-of hung around. He was attractive - butch, ripped, and with this great animal magnetism drawing me in. We started an on-off kind of thing, and I saw him mostly at night. He took me to bars, and then to nightclubs, and then to private clubs in basements. At the time I didn't really notice the transition, but within months we were frequenting hard bars where the clientele wore leather and drank vodka and listened to that kind of music in the uneasy zone between metal and electronic dance. The kind of place, and the kind of people, who encouraged you to take your vodka with coke, and I don't mean cola.
The Bestie came to see me a few times. We'd fuck all day and party all night. She'd had her belly pierced and got a few tattoos, and encouraged me to do the same. I'd already had my tongue done - all the better for that great blowjob experience - but she encouraged me to get done all round my ears. I really got into it, and got my brows, nose and lips done too. The Bestie knew how to push my buttons though, always wanting me to go further. I remember her healing tongue on my nipples after I'd had those done, it drove me wild. For my birthday, she dragged me back to the place along the seafront back home for a "special treat". She'd shaved me smooth before we went; I got a tattoo of a flame round my pussy reaching up nearly to my belly button. At first it hurt, but then I'd started to get into it. Hours passed with the guy staring intently at my pussy as he worked. The attention and continual touching were unbearable. As he stapled the piercing bar through my clit to finish, I came, screaming in pain and pleasure.
I love that tattoo. As a freaky goth chick, at the time it was the only colourful thing about me. All my clothes were black leather or black linen, my make-up was black, and I was pale as fuck. The vegetarianism kept me thin, gaunt even. But that flame was my pride, my secret.
Steve freaked out when he found out about the piercings. He said I'd regret it. I didn't know what he meant, at the time.
///
I'd spent too long partying and not enough studying. I was out of money, out of luck, out of time. I'd pissed off the LARP crowd with my brooding and poor attitude. I had no-one left to bum a drink off, or a hit, or even who'd trade a blowjob for a line or a sandwich. I'd failed my first-year exams and would have to go around again. I was on a downer; heroin withdrawal left me in a bad place. I realised my life had amounted to nothing, and I'd just let people use me then toss me aside. No-one cared for me, and I decided I didn't care about myself either.
I set the bathroom up like a ritual. Black candles all around, dancing in the gentle breeze from the open window. I lay back in the water, listening to my music, and washed the paracetamols down with a goblet of red wine. Then, while I still had the nerve to do it, I took the sharpened ornate antique dagger, and shoved it right through the weak flesh between the bones of my arm, just under my wrist. I screamed; turns out I didn't know pain, after all. As the lyrics of Metallica's "Fade to Black" gave way to the long instrumental outro, I watched the water turn red, then black, and then the darkness boiled in from the edge of my vision, and consumed me.
///
When I woke up, I couldn't remember anything about the bath. As I regained consciousness, all I knew was that it was bright, far too bright. My ears were burning; so were my eyes, my tongue, my belly-button, my nipples, my clit. Fuck, what had I taken last night? It was really irritating. I went to scratch, but found my arms had been lashed down. So were my legs. That woke me with a start. What the fuck was going on?
I squinted and looked round the room. There was a candle burning beside the bed, it must have been like a million watts. Thick velvet curtains covered the small window. A man watched me from a chair in the corner of the room. I couldn't see his face, but somehow - by smell? - I knew it was Steve.
"Welcome back to the land of the living," he said, and shuffled over. He was smiling,
"The fuck is this? Untie me you shithead!"
Steve shook his head.
"Is this one of your sick fantasies? 'Cos I'm really not in the mood, and my pussy is burning." My mouth was on fire too. That must have been some really heavy shit I'd taken. If that bastard had raped me while I was out, I was going to be so pissed, and him so dead.
He raised an eyebrow, quizzically, and I saw him glance over to the bedside cabinet. On it were short burned and twisted bits of silver. I didn't realise what I was looking at, until I recognised the gem that had been on my belly stud in that twisted wreckage. "We need to talk," he said.
"No, you need to untie me and let me go," I said. He sure did have a pretty face though. I found myself staring at him, really seeing him for the first time. There was a vein on the side of his neck, and it was throbbing. I could count his pulse just by watching him.
God, I was hungry. I'd never felt so empty. And dizzy. "You've got to get me something to eat."
"That's why I'm here," he said. Nervously he leant over the bed, and put his face up to mine. "Be gentle," he said.
I had no idea what he was going on about. But fuck he was sexy. I loved the smell of him. His cologne on his neck. It was drawing me in. Before I realised what I was doing, I'd snapped out my fangs and plunged them into that pulsing artery and was drinking him down like I'd reached a water fountain on the far side of a desert. He tasted so good. So warm, so salty. So... meaty?
Then I was vomiting, throwing up his partially congealed blood, wracking and coughing, and choking as I lay strapped on my back. Steve ripped the restraints open and held me as I leant over the edge of the bed, heaving up black-red chunks.
"I'm going to call for help," he said, reaching for the phone.
"Just what the buggering fuck is going on?" I asked.
///
"How long have you been a vegetarian?" asked the distinguished gentleman Steve had summoned for help.
"Fifteen years, give or take," I said.
"Dairy?"
"A bit of cheese every now and then, but I react badly to it."
"Shit," he said. The cuss felt out of place from his well-cultured lips, which made it all the more powerful. Steve was holding my hand. They'd changed the sheets, so it no longer resembled a scene from the Exorcist, but it was still far from cosy.
I'd got the whole story from Steve. He was Alpha of the local wolf pack. That night, when I'd taken my life in the bath, he could smell the blood from the other end of the dormitory block, where he was in the bar. He'd smashed his way into my room, but it was too late to save me - or save me as a human, anyway. He called out to his Master, who sensed the cries of his animal to call, and said he'd do what he could to save me. So apparently, I was now a vampire. Or would be, if only I wasn't haemoglobin-intolerant. They'd had to tear out my piercings, the silver burned my skin, and my flesh repulsed it in its need to be perfect. Thank god none of them was a crucifix.
"I've seen it before, particularly with vegans and long-standing strict vegetarians," the old guy said. "We're not really sure if it's physiological or psychological."
"You mean her body can't process blood - like some people can't digest milk?"
"Possibly. Or maybe her brain just rejects the idea of eating blood, and it's a compulsion. It's hard to predict; the supernatural doesn't respond well to scientific study. But we'll know soon enough."
"How?"
"Well, if it's psychological, then eventually her hunger will outweigh her revulsion, and she'll eat whatever she has to eat to survive."
"And if not?"
"The true death comes for us all, eventually," he said. "I'm so sorry."
I was still in shock, and said nothing. But Steve was having none of this, he didn't want to lose me twice. "Surely there's some other way?" he insisted.
The vamp doctor looked me over. He put his head to mine, fingers touching at my temples and cheeks as he semi-cradled my head in open hands. It felt like a ritual. I saw pictures in my mind, depraved sexual memories - Sandy Shore, blowjob tag-teaming with the Bestie; the two of us in a 69 racing each other to orgasm; that time 3 lads stood round and came over my face; me blowing the tattoo guy so he'd give me the tongue piercing, and the pleasure-pain orgasm when he pushed the needle through my clit.
"Hmmm. Maybe," he was muttering to himself. "I need to make some calls," he said out loud, and left us alone.
///
It turned out there was another way, if I had the aptitude for it. Blood wasn't the only form of life force you could take from a human host to sustain vampirism. But living from lust ran a higher risk of discovery. Sex naturally required more vulnerability and exposure, literally; and you had to earn the trust of your prey, which needed to be in the right frame of mind in for you to maximise the harvest. You wanted to both literally and figuratively feed on their lust - bring them to orgasm and bathe in the power, while swallowing down their fluids for the physical sustenance you needed. Seems all that cocksucking I loved was going to come in useful after death, too.
I won't go into the metaphysics of my conversion from vampire to succubus - I don't understand it myself, so I wouldn't expect you to. And reading about the torture I had to go through to switch my blood lines... Well I guess some of you might get off on that, but too bad, that's not the story I'm telling, I didn't even really meet the Mother; just kind-of sensed her overwhelming presence as I bathed in that pleasure/pain. I feed her, and she sustains me. Every orgasm I ride, she rides along with me, and leaves me my share.
I knew I was attractive; I'd had years of boys drooling over me. I knew how I looked. Big tits, small waist. I'd got over it being a curse years before, and if flaunting it for free stuff hadn't bothered me while I was a living horny teenager, it was hardly going to bother me now I was dead and literally needed to fuck to survive. But I did intend to get the biggest bang for my buck, so to speak.
For a while I hung out at nightclubs, feeding from the environment, showing off my body, teasing and flirting and touching them up, swallowing down their lust, and later their cum in the alleys or the cabs back to their place for a banquet that could keep me sustained for a week, if they were up to it. But I hated the people. The guys were letches, and just expected a fuck from any of the girls. So, while I was well fed, I was lonely and used. I remembered where that road led me before, but this time I couldn't even kill myself to escape it. All that faced me would be an eternity of painful hunger and loss. The hungrier and weaker I got, the less attractive I would be, and that was not a vicious cycle I could let myself get into. Eternity is a fucking long time.
I needed to work out how best to target my prey - and who my prey should be. What would be the easiest lay for me, the lowest effort. What did I know? I only had two skills, so I'd need to put the one to use in order to be able to use the other.
///
I have fond memories of my first gamer's fair - it's when I realised what I was going to do with my death. The casting agency, after a lot of cocksucking, managed to get me a stint as a Booth Babe for a shitty driving game. They wanted to emphasise the realistic 3D aspects of the game - this was the early 90s - and decided the best way to do that would be to drape curvy girls with big tits and painted-on-tight leather leggings over the bonnets of some flashy cars on their stand. So I smiled and pouted and blew kisses and winked at the punters. I let myself be photographed. I gave hugs, and lost count of how many times I was touched inappropriately. But I could feel the lust, and it warmed me inside. Not as satisfying as an erotic session, but enough to sustain me through the day.
"Hello sexy," said a voice, and I felt a hand grab my leather-covered arse. I smiled, and turned to face the sleazeball sales executive.
"Hey," I said, trying to meet his eyes, but they had wandered south to peer down through the low-cut tank top he'd arranged for his girls to wear. I could feel the heat, the energy, rise in him. I shifted my stance slightly to give a bit more hip, to push my chest out a little further. As we talked - idle chat about nothing - I'd giggle and lick my lips, brush my boob carelessly over his arm, toy with my long brown hair.
As the lift doors closed, he grabbed my arms and pulled me to him. I let him back me against the wall, and I swallowed his tongue as he pressed himself against me. He grabbed my left tit roughly with one hand, through the tank top, while grabbing the hair at the nape of my neck with the other.
This was going to be so easy.
I stood behind him as he fumbled with the passkey to his hotel room, and stroked his aching cock through his suit trousers. He stumbled through and I locked the door behind us, then prowled towards him, tossing my hair back and staring straight at his groin, licking my lips. He stepped backwards, recoiling slightly from the strength of my glare, and fell into a chair. I dropped to my knees before him and started working on his fly.
"I really have to thank you for getting me this job, sir," I said, and untangled his rock-hard dick from his boxer shorts. I watched his eyes roll back as I slid my ruby lips over his tip and all the way down the shaft, swallowing as the head pushed into my throat. His hands tangled into the hair behind my head, and I let him set the pace as I worked my magic (in both senses) over his aching manhood. It was times like this when I really missed that tongue piercing. God, he tasted so good. I craved his cum like you might crave a beer after a long hard day in the office.
"The bed..." he gasped. I looked up at him watching me, with my cheeks drawn in from the suction. "I wanna fuck you before I come."
Disappointed, I stood. Turning away from him, I drew the tank top over my head, then unclipped the Wonderbra and threw it aside. I could feel his eyes boring into the small of my back, looking at the tattoo of the bat that stretched across from hip to hip. A tramp stamp, they'd come to call it in later years. I reached the bed, and worked the tight leather over my hips and let it drop to the floor. I was now naked, since I couldn't have worn anything under that outfit without it ruining the finish. I could feel the heat of him from across the room. I turned, and sat at the end of the bed, then beckoned him over. I scootched back up onto the mattress as he tore off his shirt and stepped out of his trousers and boxers, his eyes practically burning with desire. I cupped a breast with one arm, and played with my pussy with the other.
"Nice tattoo," he said, looking at the flames rising from my cunt. I saw it reflected in his eyes. He was stroking his dick; I don't think he even realised he was doing it, as he nearly fell onto the bed. I watched him climb up between my legs, which I spread wide for him.
"Take me," I said. "Hard as you like. I ask just one thing."
"What's that?" he asked.
So I spoke the words every man wants to hear me say. "Come in my mouth."
///
He didn't last long. I'd guided him into me, and he was so worked up that he was pumping harder than he could sustain. I watched his aura carefully; I could sense he was going to go quickly and wasn't in full control. When I sensed that his climax was inevitable, I effortlessly pushed him over onto his back, and slid back down between his legs.
"Give it to me, baby, " I said, with that practised Marilyn voice. While I looked into his eyes, he gave me his offering, and I drank of his energy and essence.
"Fuuuuuck," he said, holding my head gently in his hands. His dick kept twitching and I kept sucking, careful not to waste a drop. He was happy, but there was the twinge of something else there. Guilt? Shame? No, just disappointment.
"Shit, that was too fast. You're so fucking amazing," he said. "So hot."
I felt bad for the guy. His aura had dampened, but there was still a spark there. He had more to give. I didn't think it would be difficult to feed from him again. So, gently, I kept licking and toying with his softening dick in my mouth. I used a lot of spit, making it sopping wet, tickling under the base of the head, and humming.
I let it slip from my mouth, semi-erect, and pushed myself up onto the bed. I took my boobs into my hands and wrapped them round his slippery wet dick, sliding them up and down over him as he rapidly hardened back up. Getting a willing but flaccid man ready again is an essential life skill for a succubus. "My god, what are you doing to me?" he asked.
"Giving you a great fuck," I said, sliding my soft wet pussy over him until our pelvic bones met. Kneeling round his hips, I leant forwards and let my boobs swing onto his face. Gratefully, he pressed into the cleavage, then licked and sucked at the nipples. Like a kid in a candy shop, he didn't know what to do first with his hands. Grab my ass, stroke my tits, pull my hair... It was so sweet, the indecision so unlike the smarmy businessman front he put on.
"I don't pay you enough," he said, entranced. I just smiled, taking my payment from his energy, riding his lust.
"Eat me, and we'll call it quits," I suggested. Cock felt good, but tongues were better - if he knew how to use it. I climbed off, threw a leg over his face, and leant down to take his cock back in my mouth while he set to work. Unfortunately, he had no technique, so I brought his orgasm as quickly as I could manage, faking my own. We hugged, him on his back and me draping my body across his, until he was snoring like a drain.
Carefully, I climbed back off the bed. I didn't need much sleep, and given my heritage I preferred to sleep during the day. I wasn't pure vampire and the sun wouldn't burn me, but I still found it more comfortable to sleep in the daylight. Besides, there was good hunting left tonight. I pulled the leather trousers back up my legs - no cum, no mess - and clipped the plunge bra back over my assets. I looked around for the tank top but couldn't immediately see it. Fuck it, I thought. I've worn less in nightclubs before.
My tits bounced as I strode across the street to the club, heels adding much needed inches to my height. Being short didn't help when I already looked so young. There was a queue to get in, but I walked up to the VIP rope and had a word - and a tongue - in the bouncer's ear. One oral favour in the alley later, and I walked in; the guys in the queue liking the view and the women giving me the cold dead bitch stare.
The music was banging, and I lost myself to the bass, jumping and pumping on the floor. I wasn't a great mover - unless you counted Dance Dance Revolution - but who needs skill when you have tits like mine? I could feel the eyes on me, smell the testosterone in the air. I began low-key feeding, and that drew some of the hornier guys towards me like moths to the flame. I had hands on my ass, my thighs, my waist. Some random came up behind me and had his arm round just under my tits; I ground my ass over his cock as we moved together. I leant my head back against his shoulder, and slipped my tongue into his waiting mouth. He slid his hand up to my crotch and started stroking me as I raised my arms over my head, lifting my tits, and kissed him. His other hand slid into my bra and started fondling my tit. He was beyond primed. I needed to feed before he got us thrown out of the club for indecency.
I broke the kiss, took his hand and started off towards the toilets. As ever there was a huge queue for the ladies', but bold as fuck I just pushed open the door to the gents' and dragged him in. I reeled slightly from the smell of piss, but it was a raw male scent that grabbed me by the pussy. I kicked open one of the stalls and pushed him in, closed the door behind, and was on my knees with his cock in my throat just as fast as I could.
"Holy shit," he was repeating, over and over. I guess I kind-of was; some kind of supernatural anyway. All too soon I had drained him, body and soul.
I stood, peeled the wet tissue I'd knelt on back off my trousers, and game him a peck on the cheeks. "Thank you," I said.
"Thank me?" he replied, incredulously, but I was already out the door... and literally bumped straight into another guy.
"Excuse... Wow, fuck me," he said, as my tits squashed into his chest. Well, why the fuck not, I thought, already buzzing on an energy high; and pushed him into the neighbouring cubicle.
Much later, and well fed, I headed back up to the hotel room. The sun was rising as I curled back up against him, and caught an hour or so's rest. No dreams came - that only happened at night; I guess sleeping in the day was closer to the vampiric mini-death, so I never dreamt then. Another reason I preferred it.
When I woke, he was already hard - thank god for morning glory - and I stroked him until he woke up.
"I was just dreaming about you," he said.
"Oh yeah? All bad, I hope."
"It made me realise - technically I own your ass for this gig; but I haven't, you know, owned your ass."
I giggled, that dirty little laugh I'd practised, and rolled onto my stomach, tucking a pillow under my hips to give him a better angle. Anal wasn't really my thing; but then again, my thing was to maximise the pleasure of my prey. The stronger their lust, the bigger the reward for me. I let him finish in my ass; it was clearly what he wanted, and I didn't need to swallow his load to gain nourishment from it. I just generally preferred it that way. Besides, I'd had a stomach full of jizz already that night.
///
I owe my current persona to a guy I met a few years after I died. I was moving around from university town to university town; people were used to new blood showing up every September and then disappearing after a few years, so that made great cover for me, for a while. I led the life of a loner nerd girl, hanging out with losers in their mum's basements, playing video games. They didn't feel like they were losers when they fed me with their desire.
I met Joe while hanging out around video arcades. We got chatting, got friendly over a few weeks 2-playering our way through some virtual worlds. It didn't take long for him to invite me back to his place to play console and PC games together, and before he realised it, I'd moved myself into his house-share.
He was the perfect gentleman, which I found incredibly frustrating but also rather arousing. I was used to being hit on, and I found it intriguing that he didn't make a move. Fortunately, his flatmates were extremely horny and very loud, and I was able to passively feed on that for a while to a small extent. But I did need action of my own - I needed to be the target of the lust to feed properly, and I wasn't yet desperate enough to risk my new friendship by sleeping with his friends. Joe didn't set off my gaydar, and besides given the choice he'd pick the female avatar with the big tits and skimpy outfit. I'd dutifully pretend to roll my eyes, then pick the butch ripped hunk.
Joe introduced me to Anime. We binged through Neon Genesis Evangelion in a weekend; I found myself fascinated by the storylines, of the fantastical monsters, and by Japanimation culture as a whole. I was drawn to strong female characters, and the whole hypercute look. Big eyes, unlikely boobs and waists, long legs... Guys loved that style. How I wished I could look like that - but the glamour energy I'd have to burn for it would have been unsustainable.
But cosplay - that was another matter. Joe and I visited a few conventions, and I'd love dolling myself up as Sailor Moon characters and suchlike. I could walk around the convention, playing videogames, and low-key feeding from all the lustful stares I'd get in those outfits. The tighter and skimpier the costume, the stronger the desire of those around, and the more I could feed without tapping my friends.
One day I went browsing through one of the stalls and selected a few Anime videotapes to watch with Joe back in the hotel room we'd booked. I didn't really know what I'd picked up; I didn't recognise the series and my Japanese wasn't then good enough to work out what was written on the tapes. We'd settled in for an overnight session and had patched up a video player to the TV in our room.
It soon became clear that this wasn't the kind of Anime we'd watched together before - it was properly dirty. Animated sex scenes were a new concept to me, and somewhat unexpected - but a pleasant surprise, nonetheless. With my human senses I could feel that Joe was uncomfortable - but with my supernatural ones, I could tell how excited he was. Now was the time to press my advantage.
"I'm sorry, I didn't realise..." I said. "Do you want me to find another one?"
"No, it's fine. We're both grown-ups. I want to find out what happens," he said. I just bet you do, I thought. The heat was rolling off him. I gently pulled at my top, to make sure maximum cleavage was on display, then leant onto his shoulder. As we watched the story unfold, with various graphic scenes, I slowly manoeuvred myself so I could stroke his legs. I wasn't sure that he'd noticed, until I lifted my hand back off his thigh. "No, don't stop," he said.
I looked at him. "I thought you weren't interested," I said.
He laughed, then leant forwards and kissed me gently on the forehead. Later, I found out that he hadn't want to rush me and scare me away - insecurities from a previous relationship. Boy, had he misjudged me! I slid my hand up to his dick and began stroking it through the material of his trousers, and bent my head up for a proper kiss. As our tongues danced, I unzipped his jeans, then bent down to take him in my mouth. He slid his hand down my back, and fingered me from behind as I sucked him off, while he watched his tentacle porn.
We didn't see much of the rest of the convention.
///
Those six months or so that Joe and I spent together were some of the happiest for me, both before and since I died. We enjoyed each other's company, be that gaming or fucking. I started to think that maybe I could hang around for a while, make a go of it, and worry about the future later.
Christmas came around, and Joe had to go home to his family. But he couldn't take me with him. "Surely you'd want to see your own," he said. I could hardly tell him that they thought I'd died in that bath, but I also couldn't bring myself to lie to him about something so personal. So off he flew to his family on the other side of the world, leaving me in the house-share. I was expecting to be alone, but the other couple had decided they couldn't be apart for the holidays, so it was just the three of us - not that I think they even noticed I was there, they were so into each other. Not used to being ignored, I took to wearing less and less round the house, trying to provoke a reaction, until I was strutting round in my filthiest lingerie. When they were together, they pretended not to notice; but I did catch his eyes following me across the lounge once, and even saw her blush and look away. Interesting.
Nights though were hard. They had so much sex, more even than me. I was amazed that they never got bored of each other. During the first couple of nights I snuck out to feed, but it was slim pickings during the holiday season, and I didn't fancy doing the tramps and drunks even for basic sustenance. I was also slightly delusional about Joe, and had this stupid notion about saving myself for him, rather denying the reality of my own situation. So lay in my bed, listening to them fucking, stroking my pussy and bringing myself off over and over again. But while I could make myself cum, could still enjoy my own orgasms, I can't feed from my own pleasure. I was losing energy, and I could feel the presence of the Mother demanding her tribute.
With my back against the wall, separating me from their room, I could hear them the most clearly, and feed from what scraps I could draw through from them. Suddenly, the feeding got much stronger, I could see their auras. Gratefully, I fed, and by the taste I realised they were both thinking of me, while they fucked each other!
Well, that kind of compliment deserved a reward. I pulled on some red stockings, tied a red ribbon around my waist into a bow, and stuck a couple of gift-box bows onto my nipples, and headed for their room. The door was ajar, and they were in a 69, oblivious to me watching. He was fantasising about me blowing him, and she was getting off on the thought of me flicking her clit with my tongue. I couldn't help but finger myself while watching them at work, slick with sweat and glowing in the candlelight.
"Is this a private party, or can anyone join in?" I asked, standing like Santa's naughty little helper in the doorway.
"We thought you'd never come," she replied, beckoning me over.
"Believe me, I've cum a lot, and the night is still young," I replied. I stood before them as they untied my bow. "Merry Christmas," I said, leaning forward to kiss him and then kneeling at his feet. She joined me at his rather impressive cock, and we licked and sucked at him together, French kissing round the tip of him, until he could take no more and gave us his blessing. His girlfriend and I kept swapping his cum back and forth, both swallowing a little at a time, licking it from each other's lips as it tried to escape.
"Shit, that's the hottest thing I've ever seen!" he said.
"You ain't seen nothing yet," I said, pulling his girl down over me on the bed, lowering her pussy to my lips. She didn't hesitate, and leant forward to suck and lick on my clit as I ate her. Well, we had to do something while he recovered his stamina. She had a talent for pussy eating, almost as good as the Bestie, and I could feel her lips smile as I screamed my orgasm into her pussy, before redoubling my own efforts. Then I saw his huge cock directly over my face, and broke off to suck on the end.
"Take it," he said, and I opened my mouth. He slid in as far as he dared, and rocked himself in and out. But I was no ordinary girl, I didn't need to breathe, and couldn't choke. I grabbed his ass and pulled that monster into my throat, with his balls slapping my eyes. I sucked and swallowed, working his cock.
"Holy fucking shit," he said. It was my turn to smile, but that was hard to do round the base of his cock. He worked up a rhythm in my mouth, and I hummed my pleasure onto his dick.
"Hey, don't leave me out," she said, breaking off from my pussy. He slid out of my mouth again, positioned his cock at her entrance and slid all the way back in in one go. "Yeeeahh," she said, and went back to work on my clit. I had an amazing view of her cunt being stretched by that monster; her walls being pulled out a little as he thrusted. I licked at her clit and lips and his cock as they worked together, him bringing more of her cream out to me with each withdrawal. I fed, and fed, and she couldn't take any more, and came, and that brought him too, and I ate it all. It had been months since I'd felt so full and so happy.
"What the fuck?" came a voice from the doorway. Joe's voice.
He'd come back early, to surprise me. But the surprise was on him.
At that moment, my dearest wish was that I could feed on anger, like some other succubi I knew could do. I could have feasted on his rage, and maybe even his sadness, taken it all away from him, and lived for a month. Instead, I had to look at that face, his poor heart broken, and contemplate where exactly I was going to spend New Year. Somehow, I knew I wouldn't be welcome here any more.
I guess I'm fated for my relationships to end in disaster. There's always the chance I could lose control and consume someone completely. More likely, if I stayed around for years, they'd notice I wasn't aging, or they'd (rightly) suspect I was sneaking off to have affairs. No, the attached life was not for me. I couldn't even keep contact with friends. I'd been avoiding the Bestie since my transformation - she'd thought I'd died; it was heart-breaking to watch her from the shadows at my funeral. (But boy, did she look hot in that black dress, inappropriate though that thought might have been). Now she was a 40-year-old mum of three, with an average husband in an average house. I could hardly turn up looking not a day older than when we last met. And Mum and Gramps? I couldn't show myself to Gramps, the shock would have finished him off. And I just couldn't face Mum. Thank fuck she'd identified me during the day, when I was literally dead to the world; I couldn't have acted my way through that (like some I knew had had to). Steve's Master and his contacts arranged the rest - closed casket, the works.
It still hurts me to think of how it ended with Joe. I hadn't meant to hurt him. But it taught me a valuable lesson - don't fall in love with your prey.
///
I stood in the great hall, watching my people walking past. Spider-Man crawled by, with big eyes taking in all that was going on. Batman escorted Wonder Woman across a walkway, and just past them I saw Akira and Lara Croft in deep conversation. That familiar ozone and copper smell filled the air, along with popcorn and candyfloss and other delights, and all around me the sounds of electronic chip music.
These were my people, and I knew how they worked. I'd walk around, feeding from the attention. I'd let them take their photos - and more recently, their selfies - with me. I'd play the games, let them challenge me, and sometimes even let them win. And I'd keep my eyes open for ideal prey. Virgins were the sweetest, since they had no expectations and were eager to please; I could eat my way through several a day. Simple enough to befriend them over a game, then sneak into a quiet spot outside the main arena for a quick BJ; usually they'd blow their wad in under thirty seconds and I could get back in to look for my next target. For the nights, I'd have found a likely lad - or occasionally, couple - during the day, and we'd hook up at the bar and then retire to their room in the hotel for a feast.
There are arseholes in every group of course, but I find the geeks so welcoming. Never questioning my talents or motives, super-happy to talk about our mutual hobbies. And back in the day, in the 90s and 2000s before geek/nerd culture went mainstream, always so grateful for the attention. Gratitude meant frequent feeding opportunities.
So, this is my current life - cam girl cosplayer. I reckon I can keep it up for maybe five years or so, maybe morph into some other kind of influencer on the way. Suck up as much power as I can for the duration. But one day, people will start to realise I'm not aging. The downside of being famous is that people notice things about you. I'd need to drop out of the public eye and find some other way to feed myself, before making a comeback years down the line. I like the idea of cosplaying as my own daughter.
Maybe I'll become a writer. Clearly there's a market for reading about exploits like mine. Thousands of people round the world, reading my stories and re-imagining my adventures, getting a thrill from them. Masturbating to my words and deeds, thinking about me. Lusting after me. As you lay there, sticky and spent, I thank you for wanting me.
For feeding me.
THE END