Welcome to one of my stories! My ex-girlfriend said I should share some of these crazy stories from my younger, crazier days with the world. At the time, I never bothered to write things down but now with the pandemic I have a lot more time on my hands, so...enjoy! I have changed the names to protect everyones privacy.
The weather in the winter of 2015/2016 was especially bad where I lived. It seemed like every day set a new record low temperature for the city and at least three or four times we had a major snowstorm. However, right as winter set in I met a young lady who helped keep me warm. Let's call her "Courtney", and she was a cute brunette. For whatever reason, we only dated a couple of months, but we did have two or three really fun adventures. My wildest days had passed, and so had hers. We were both in our 30's, and we were certainly open to the idea of some adventures but the wild parties in some of my other stories were few and far between at this point. But the combination of crazy low temperatures and snow lead Courtney and I to escape the city for a few days, and it lead to our first adventure.
We had been on a few dates, and had hooked up a few times. The sex was pretty good! She had a really good body, but she was totally shy. I told her a couple of my stories, and her jaw dropped every single time. She kept telling me she was too shy for something like that but I could also tell that the idea of showing off a little bit turned her on a lot. Especially when I brought up the idea of getting out of town for a few days. It may have been freezing cold up north but it was 80+ degrees and sunny in Florida. I found an upscale resort that catered to couples, didn't allow kids, and had a clothing optional pool area. Now, I just had to convince Courtney!
She seemed okay with the idea overall, and she loved the idea of getting out of the freezing cold city and going someplace warm. She did freak a little when I showed her the place, but I pointed out that the fact that it didn't allow kids meant that the pool area wouldn't be overrun by kids running and screaming and all that, and also that the booze would flow a little harder. Sure enough, the pool area looked like it had at least two or three bars. And I told her that "clothing optional" meant that we could opt for bathing suits, or, opt for no bathing suits. She wouldn't have to go naked if she didn't want to. Now, of course, I knew that she was the type who would go with the flow once we got there but that was beside the point.
Once we talked it through, she really liked the idea. She said she might take her top off but that she planned to keep her bottoms on. I knew she would take her top off, especially after a few drinks but I said that was fine, and even offered to buy her a new bathing suit. I told her we should have some fun with it. She could bring one of her normal bikinis but that I would buy her a new, much naughtier and skimpier bikini that she probably wouldn't wear anywhere else. She blushed and I could tell she liked the idea. We shopped online and found one that was barely there, and she blushed, but she said it was okay so I ordered it. Side note, I am still on that company's email list all these years later. The super skimpy bikini came a few days later and she modeled it for me as we planned the trip. The top was just two tiny triangle's that did not even cover her entire breast and was held up by strings. The bottom was a tiny patch that kind of covered her pussy, and only had a G-string for the back. She had just had a Brazilian wax done so it looked kind of funny but by the time we got down south it would look smooth and sexy! I bought a new bathing suit too but I realized that nobody would be looking at me as long as I was next to Courtney. We packed for the trip that night and just a few days later we were headed south.
The main thing I was worried about with the resort was actual the weather. The trip was planned for early March, and while that part of Florida is usually 80+ degrees and sunny, the thing that had the biggest potential to ruin the sexy fun was if it was 65 and overcast the entire time. As long as the weather cooperated, I was confident that we would get plenty of booze and have tons of fun by the pool. I was also confident that Courtney would be naked in no time. She said she wanted to keep her bottoms on but that was just because she had never been before. I suspected if the other women were doing it, she would want to do it too.
Finally, the day of the trip came. It was about 15 degrees when we left for the airport at 6am and we landed in 75 degree Florida at 11am or so. I checked the weather app on my phone and it was supposed to be 80 by the time we had lunch and got to the pool. Perfect! We got a rental car and headed out to the resort. It looked somewhat normal from the outside but I could tell pretty quickly when we got inside that it was going to be a fun place. The checkin process included a review of the rules for the resort, including rules against cameras and an explanation of the clothing-optional policies. I could tell Courtney was a little nervous but so far she was having fun. We made our way to our room, and then changed into our suits. I knew she was open to the idea of fun and sexiness when she put sunscreen on all the areas normally covered by her suit before we got to the pool. We had planned to grab lunch by the pool in their restaurant and then lay by the pool for a bit. It was a little bit crowded (apparently we weren't the only yankees who had the idea to escape winter for the weekend) but it looked like there were still plenty of lounge chairs left. In order to help ease Courtney into the fun, we agreed she would wear her normal bikini the first day, and the new naughty bikini the second and third days. Not that her "regular" bikini was terribly modest, but I was excited to see her strut around the pool area in the new naughty one.
We got to the bar area for lunch and walked right past the pool on our way and I could tell she was getting more and more comfortable by the minute. Maybe the margarita that tasted like it was 90% tequila helped, or maybe just seeing the pool area and realizing that it was going to be fun after all. Probably she had built it up some in her head but now that we were there, it seemed way less intimidating. She had a second margarita and seemed like she was ready to get to the pool. We had a couple of quick sandwiches for lunch and headed to the pool!
Right away I noticed that most of the women were topless but only about half of the women were nude. The men were about the same. Before we got settled, I could tell she was thinking about something and I asked her if she wanted to go change into the skimpier bikini. It turned out that was exactly what she was thinking. I gave her the room key and told her to go ahead and that I would find a good spot for us. She gave me a kiss on the cheek and took off toward the rooms. I walked around and found a good spot with two lounge chairs and a good view of the pool area. It was pretty far from the bar but I actually had a plan for that. I texted Courtney my location and settled in. I felt a little awkward at first, realizing that single men are generally not welcome at these places. I made sure to spread out Courtney's towel on her chair so that hopefully people assumed that I wasn't there alone. I scanned the pool area and just enjoyed the sun and margaritas. There were so many people!
An important detail about Courtney is that of all the girls I knew in those days, she didn't have the prettiest face but she might have had the best body. That's not to say her face was ugly, but she wasn't really into makeup or fancy hair. She usually had messy hair in a ponytail, no makeup, and always dressed modestly. The first time she got naked in my apartment was somewhat of a revelation. I was like "uh...wow!". Once you got underneath the layers, she was amazing.
About 10 minutes later, Courtney showed up. She had on a sheer coverup that didn't cover much up, and the sexy bikini that so far she had only dared to wear inside my apartment. I could tell that she felt bold and daring! She dropped the coverup and certainly got the attention of the people nearby. From the back, it was hard to tell if she was naked or not. She sat down on her lounge chair next to me, and we started talking.
"You were totally right. This place is great!" she said.
Maybe it was just the sense of relief that it was actually fun, or maybe it was the two margaritas talking. We sat and enjoyed the pool for a bit. She scooted her chair slightly closer to mine, so we could talk without anyone hearing us.
"Babe, I'm so horny!" she said, barely above a whisper.
"Oh yeah?" I said, also barely above a whisper.
"Yesss!" she said.
"I have a dare for you then." I said.
"Ooooooooh?" she asked.
"I dare you to stand up, in your naughty bikini, and walk all the way over to the bar, and get one drink. Just one, don't get two." I said.
She stood up, in just her tiny bikini, and walked over toward the bar. Granted, there were plenty of naked women by the pool area, but she still turned a head or two. She had a great ass, and the tiny g-string barely covered anything. She walked all the way over to the bar. I watched heads turn, both male and female, to follow her over. She stood by the bar, waiting to order a drink. I could tell that she was excited. She had barely anything covering her, and she was standing in line, waiting for a drink. It looked like a couple in line was making some friendly conversation with her. I knew that would turn her on. Finally it was her turn. She ordered a drink, got it, and walked back to our lounge chairs with it. Again, I watched her as she walked and noticed she was attracting plenty of attention.
She got back, and handed me the drink. I sat up, and she leaned in to kiss me on the cheek as she handed it to me. Then she sat back down.
"OMG, that was amazing." she said.
"Oh yeah?" I said back.
"Mmhmm...that was so sexy!" she said.
"I'm glad you think so. Because now you need to go back and get the other drink." I said.
"Other drink?" she asked.
"Yeah, the first drink was the one you got with your full bikini on. The second drink is the one you are going to go get without your top on." I answered.
I looked over as she was processing what I said. First, her jaw dropped and then a huge smile was on her face. She blushed and giggled.
"Okay" she said.
"Untie your top, and hand it to me, and then go get us another drink." I said.
She was totally turned on but she tried to act as casual as possible, as if she untied her top at a pool full of strangers a few times a week. She sat up, looked around, and reached behind her back. The motion of a woman reaching behind her back around a pool certainly attracts attention at a pool like that, and this was no different. She untied the top, and it fell off, and now heads were really turning. She certainly noticed, and I'm sure that only turned her on more. She handed me the top, and her tits looked amazing. I gave her a good look, and noticed how hard her nipples were. She was about to walk to the bar in just a tiny g-string that barely covered her vagina, and nothing else. I took the top as she handed it to me, and put it into my pocket. She leaned in and gave me another kiss on my cheek, and walked off toward the bar in just her tiny bottom.
If she turned a few heads before, this time she was really turning heads. Remember what I said about her body? Her tits were maybe the best pair at the pool that day, and everyone (men and women alike) were taking a look. She knew what she was doing. She walked with purpose, but slow enough that everyone who wanted to get a good look was able to. She got over to the bar, and I couldn't help but think that this was the girl who wore modest sweatshirts and who didn't own a tight pair of jeans. Now she was standing in line at a bar, wearing just a tiny g-string.
Of course, walking across the pool area was one thing, she was moving the whole time. Standing still, in line, with her boobs out, was another thing. I noticed the same couple who had been sitting by the bar before were still there, and were talking to her again. She gestured over toward me at one point. I waved back. After a few minutes of standing in line, it was her turn. I'm not sure if the bartender was having trouble understanding what she was saying because he was so distracted by her boobs, but it sure took him a long time to make that margarita! Finally, she turned around with the drink in hand. She looked at me for a second, across the pool, and then started her walk back. This time, a whole different group got a good look as she walked the opposite route. Finally, she made it back to our lounge chairs. First, she handed me the drink and gave me another kiss on the cheek. She whispered in my ear.
"I want you. So. Fucking. Bad." she whispered.
"I know." I said, doing my best Han Solo impersonation.
She cracked up.
"Hey, this couple I met over by the bar is going to come sit with us. Can you grab those extra lounge chairs?" she said.
"Sure!" I said.
Funny, she went from not being sure if she was going to enjoy this place to making friends in just her g-string, in just a matter of hours. I'd say the trip was a success!
I got up and started arranging lounge chairs while she sat back down and got settled. I looked over at the bar and it looked like the other couple were settling up their tab. I put some extra towels on the lounge chairs to make sure nobody else grabbed them and sat back down.
"OMG I am soooooo horny now! That was fun!" she said.
I looked over at her. Her nipples were possibly the hardest I had ever seen them.
"I can tell. We all can!" I said.
She laughed.
"Wait till you find out how wet I am!" she said
"Well, then hand me your bikini bottom so I can feel for myself." I said.
She really should have seen that one coming. We had discussed a "safe word" ahead of the trip, in case she wanted to slow things down. I wasn't sure if she was about to hand me her bottom or tell me her safe word. I notice the ante had been upped a little bit too. It looked like her friends from the bar were headed our way. She surprised me though, and slipped the bottom off without getting up off the lounge chair and handed them to me. This move certainly attracted some attention, but she was sitting with legs closed pretty tightly so nobody could really see much that they couldn't see before. I touched the tiny pice of fabric that had been covering her pussy, and sure enough, she was very wet.
"You were right. Very wet. I guess this place isn't so bad after all?" I said to her.
Before she could answer, our new friends from the other side of the pool arrived. Let's call them Bill and Kristin.
From all the way across the pool, I hadn't had a good look at them but a few things were obvious now that they were here with us. For starters, Kristin was totally hot. She was a typical "Florida girl" with blonde hair and a nice body. She had on a pink bikini (both top and bottom, for now) and he had on a bathing suit. Courtney and I were both in our early 30's at the time, but Bill and Kristin not so much. It looked like Bill was in his 40's and Kristin in her 20's. Not that Bill was bad looking, he was just quite a bit older than Kristin.
"Hi Courtney!" Kristin said.
"Hey! C'mon over!" Courtney said back.
"Mind if we join ya'll?" Kristin said, with an adorable southern accent.
"Not at all!" I said.
Bill and Kristin both had on sunglasses but it was pretty apparent they were staring at Courtney's naked body. I knew her well enough to know this was turning her on a ton. She probably wanted to cover up just a little bit, given that of the four of us, she was the only one naked. But she knew she really couldn't cover up, at least not without looking weird. So, she just sat there and let them stare. I was sure that her heart was pounding and that her pussy was dripping.
"My, you sure look comfortable!" Kristin said to Courtney, referencing her lack of bathing suit.
"Yeah! You should join me!" Courtney said, and the girls shared a laugh.
Kristin shrugged her shoulders, and Bill and I just watched as she quickly joined Courtney in the nude. She was wearing a string bikini that barely required two quick tugs on strings and it just kind of vanished before our eyes. Her nipples were nice and hard already, and she had no pubic hair. She stood there for a moment, seemingly just to let us get a good look before Courtney motioned her to take the chair next to hers and she sat down.
I was kind of hoping the girls would really hit it off and start applying sunscreen to each other or something but really they just sat there sunbathing for a bit. Obviously I was glad to be there sitting with two gorgeous naked women but sitting next to them also meant that I didn't really have much of a view of them.
We sat there for awhile, and mostly just watched other people walk by and do stuff. Before long, Courtney reached over and squeezed my hand, which I knew meant she wanted us to head back to our room. I figured she was pretty amped up by that point and ready for a good fuck. I had an idea though.
"Hey, we are going to head to the room for a bit, but would everyone like one more drink before we close our bar tab?" I asked.
Everyone decided another drink was a good idea, and of course, we had the idea to send the girls over. Courtney had enjoyed her trip across the pool area without her top but now she was naked. Of course, going with Kristin wouldn't be so bad. I could tell Courtney was debating what to do when Bill came to my rescue.
"Honey, why don't you and Courtney grab us a round?" he said.
Kristin got up and didn't put her bottom or top back on. Courtney didn't want to feel like a prude so she got up and got ready to walk over with Kristin. Neither girl seemed to hesitate but clearly they were enjoying the idea of it being daring as they both took a deep breath and shared a giggle before walking over to the bar. If topless Courtney was an attention getter at the bar, you can imagine the commotion over naked Courtney and naked Kristin walking over together. Heads turned, for sure!
Not sure if Bill and I were both just sick of the lounge chairs or if it occurred to us that everyone had a great view of our girls except for us when were sitting in a row like that. So we packed up and switched to a four-top table right before the lounges to wait for the girls. This way we could enjoy our drinks and the view of the girls once they got back.
By now, the crowd at the bar was a bit larger and the girls had to wait for a bit to get their drinks. Most of the women laying around the pool were either topless or nude (probably 25% and 75%) by this point but the bar area was probably 25% topless, 75% with a full suit and then Courtney and Kristin were naked. Essentially, they were mingling a bar area as the only two naked women.
Part of me was anxious for them to come back but part of me was enjoying watching them at the bar. They were waiting for the bartender and it looked like chatting with groups of people. Neither girl made any attempt to cover up or anything. Bill and I made some small talk as we waited. I got the impression they were swingers but I told him that I doubted Courtney would be up for that. I certainly didn't mind the idea of having sex with Kristin but I figured that getting a good look at her naked body was probably as close as I would get.
Soon enough, the girls were on their way back to our seating area. The bar area would certainly miss the two naked beauties but the pool area enjoyed the view as they slowly walked over, each carrying two drinks. They were clearly taking their time and enjoying the attention. By this point, Courtney had seemingly embraced the idea! They arrived at the table and joined us.
"Well, that certainly was fun!" Kristin joked, and we all laughed.
"Yeah, they didn't even charge us for the drinks!" Courtney said.
"Imagine that!" Bill said, and we all laughed.
As much fun as Courtney seemed to be having, I knew she wanted me to take her back to our room so I didn't dawdle. We finished our drinks and made plans to meet up at or after dinner and the girls exchanged numbers. I had Courtney's tiny bikini in my pocket, but she didn't ask for it back. She put on her flip flops and her sheer coverup and that was it. It didn't really cover much but this seemed like the kind of place where nobody would object.
We bid our goodbyes and headed for the lobby area where it connected to the rooms. Courtney's lack of proper attire attracted some attention in the lobby but again, nobody seemed to mind. As soon as we got through the lobby and into the hallway leading to the rooms, she turned to kiss me. We made out a little bit for a second, and I got a hold of the string that had her coverup tied around her waist. As she turned away, it untied and fell right off of her. She laughed, and shrugged her shoulders and kept walking down the hallway in just her flip flops!
I carried the coverup with me and followed her down the hallway. Apparently she had really embraced being naked at this point. Nobody came down the hallway but I was kind of hoping they would. We got into the room, and both got a bottle of water.
"That. Was. Amazing." she said.
"See! I told you that you'd enjoy it!" I said.
We got right down to business after a quick sip of water. She was dripping. I slipped my hand between her legs and she immediately started moaning. We were both so turned on that our sex lasted all of about three minutes but we came so hard. Between the sun, the excitement, the booze, and the sex we both passed out for a bit afterward. I remember waking up though and we were chatting for a bit.
"Can I stay naked the entire weekend?" she asked.
I smiled, and knew we were in for some fun.
There is another story or two from this trip, and another trip with Courtney to write about. Until next time, enjoy!