Nigkala Tales Pt. 32: What's Isis Doing?
Working behind the scenes
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
I had come home from a long day on the set. After saying hi to the girls, I went to the dining room, where Cindy brought me dinner. I could hear Filipe on the phone in the other room. It sounded as though he was declining a part, which surprised me. I finished my dinner, then went to the living room and sat next to Filipe.
"Did I hear you right? You declined a part?"
"Yes. The part was for a guard, but it included a couple of fights, and a running scene. While I could probably handle the fight scene, at least enough to make it look good, there's no way I can do a running scene."
"They can't have someone else run for you?"
"Not without a rewrite. Don't worry, I have two other parts I am looking into."
"You need more parts for a man with a cane. You know, the elder-gentleman type."
"I know. Both the parts I am looking into are 'elder gentlemen'."
"Good. You'll get them, I'm sure."
"Perhaps. But even if I don't, there will be others. Movies aren't dead yet."
"I know. Good thing, as we both work in the industry."
"Have you noticed anything, yet?"
"I've noticed a gray hair or two, and I am not getting many parts for young characters. But sophisticated ladies are still in demand, as are regal matrons. As George Holt was never a main character, he's been getting more offers for color characters. I like playing George, as I get to play more on set. I still can't believe new talent still think he's a guy. Those who've been around certainly enjoy my antics, flirting with the young ladies."
"You'll have a tough time coloring your hair." He smiled. "Two-tone is hard to create."
"True, but wigs take care of that."
"How about aches and pains?"
"I have been blessed, and don't have any of that. I imagine my workouts help, as does Tammy's cooking. But it might just be age, and I haven't gotten as far as you."
"Yeah, exercise is less appealing these days."
"Well, we can do some paired horizontal exercise tonight."
"I look forward to that."
Just then, the girls could be heard arguing. "That's my cue to get up." I stood, and headed for the game room. When I got there, I shouted, "Quiet!", with a little of An's authority. This got their attention. "Put the game on hold. Cleopatra, tell me what's happening. Layla, you're next."
"Mom, we're playing The Gods of Fate III, and she won't let me play Isis. She always plays Isis."
"Is that what all the fuss is about?" Cleopatra nodded. "Layla?"
"Cleo always plays Captain of the Terran Bioship in Stellar Destiny."
"And you want that role?" She nodded. "Cleopatra, is this true?"
It took her a while before she said, "I don't always play the Captain."
"I take it you both think Isis and Captain are the best roles in these games?"
Both nodded.
"Then, you need to share. Or play with others who like different characters. For now, flip a coin and call it, or roll a die and call evens or odds. If you win that, you choose your character first. If you lose, the other chooses first. That way, you should each get about half the time with your favorite character. Understood?"
After they agreed, I said, "When you don't get your favorite, why not figure out your second favorite, and what that character can do that your favorite cannot? I think these games give each character different abilities and statistics. A strong character can run over opposition, but a weak one will need guile to get past without fighting. Both get past, and can then go on to win the game. Think you can do that?"
They nodded. "Good. And after doing this a while, you could play with your seconds against each other, and see how they stack up against a different competitor. For now, please try to keep it to a dull roar."
"Yes, mom."
"Yes, mom."
"Don't forget, this is a school night, so don't play too long."
I went back to rejoin Filipe, and we wound up listening to some music before we went to bed. We did a little horizontal dancing, but quietly, so the kids wouldn't hear. We then settled into cuddling, with me on the outside, as usual.
In the morning, Filipe saw the kids off to school, as I had already left for my latest movie job. I was playing a basketball player in a gender-flipped tale of the Globetrotters. As the clowns of the basketball universe, we had all sorts of hi-jinks to pull on and off the court. My uniform had trouble by design, as the story had it be a standard issue, and thus not able to handle my extra breasts. My character used that to her advantage. She was also the tallest on the team.
It turned out I had to hold back, as all my combat precision translated into shooting hoops. Because I was able to make nearly all my shots go into the basket without hitting the backboard or the rim, they changed my character's nickname to 'Swish'. One of the interesting advantages of this cast, was being able to comfortably sixty-nine ladies because they were closer to my size.
The off-court hi-jinks included lesbian shower scenes, but also hooking up with opposing male teams, and teasing opponents in public. On-court, we pulled many of the same tricks as the original Globetrotters, but we added flashing boobs against the male opponent, and my own high-jumping. Even without Everest's power, I could jump quite high. With the power, I could jump over a basketball opponent. As I had done this in my Obsidian character, as well; people just accepted that I was that good, or had great special effects.
I tried to spend a few hours each week in quality time with Cleopatra and Layla. It might have been playing video games with them, or spending an evening watching a movie with them. I was careful to be alert to their different personalities. I think Cleopatra was deliberately going for being the queen of her domain. She wanted to be the prime mover in the circle of her friends. Isis and I gave her advice, including how to lead by example. I taught her that when people want to follow, they are far more effective, and they are looking to you for leadership. I also taught her that some use power to control, or instill fear. I had her do some book reports on what happened then. Layla, instead, was more focused on sports, but she often got Cleopatra to join her in games.
At this point, Darius and Mona no longer did everything with my girls, but still did a lot with them. They still swam in my pool regularly, and studied with our watchers, but they were developing into unique individuals. Our two families, in some ways, were one family. Yet the kids were also gaining friends in the neighborhood and at school. Mine were both in Girl Scouts, and were taking it seriously. Not only did I help them with saving bunnies, but they also learned Filipe and I were soft touches for the cookies.
While I didn't let them have electronics in their rooms, I made sure they had good access to computers. In part, it was to help with school, but also to help with scouts. I also routinely had them research current events and history, so that they would know what had happened in the past and what problems the world faced today. When they asked why, I said that when they came into their own, they would have a lot of power to effect change. This change, if done without consideration of the past, or the present, would likely make things worse, and I wanted them to use their power to improve the world.
Although only in fifth grade, they were cruising at school, with all the other training they were getting. All that knowledge could have made them nerds, but Filipe and I headed that off, by ensuring they were also engaged in sports, activities, and socializing. My volunteering at the library was down to half a day a week. I had enriched it a lot, by purchasing a lot of books, and also play-n-learn toys. It was a place that the kids loved to visit. At home, on the edge of puberty, I had talks with them so they could handle the changes to their body and to their mind.
That summer, Mato Hatathli and I arranged for us to camp out for a month in his national park. He taught the kids about how nature worked, and how it had all sorts of checks and balances. He also introduced them to some of his tribal beliefs, and how they kept his people in harmony with nature. To help their understanding, Mato taught them the art of sand painting. They watched my own graceful art with the sand.
The month after that, was god camp. The previous year, Isis and I did a lot of secret work in my craft shop. First, she had me create an ankh, to be a talisman for me from her. In addition to the usual power of such, she had several additional features. The big one was to hide what was happening close by when I wore it. It not only hid psychic, magical, and divine power usage, but it also hid itself. As a talisman, she made it powerful, but most who could see it, saw it as weak. Her plan was to bring back Osiris, though she didn't tell me then.
Once the ankh was made and enchanted, we created a sarcophagus for him. She directed me in its making, so that it not only was proper, but ostentatious, with fancy wood, gold, silver, pearls, and other signs of wealth. Additionally, I custom built it. Isis was awestruck at how quickly it came together, but I just smiled and told her of the utility of power tools. The fact I could create the materials in 'perfect' form, meant that I didn't have to deal with flaws, and could get just what I needed, when I needed it. She enchanted it to preserve whatever lay within, and to be hidden like the ankh. When it was ready, I took it to Death Valley in the middle of the night, and put it in the Pocket Industry there.
The next things I made were a crook and staff, the official symbols of Osiris. Isis wanted these to be perfect, so they, too, were made in an ostentatious manner, and worth a small fortune. However, they were enchanted to hold the ba and the ma'at of a god. She gave it some power to aid the dead in their passage of the Duat, by soothing the ba and refining the ma'at of the dead. Isis also added an enchantment that linked them to the ankh, so we could track them. I wasn't sure why, but I didn't expect her to tell me everything. She also added the same stealth features as the ankh.
Since then, from time to time, she asked me to let her summon the various pieces of his body, one at a time. I did this in the middle of the night. I would then pack it along with other things when I took the kids to Death Valley. While they were distracted, I would unload my backpack, and put the piece in the sarcophagus where it belonged. She then asked me to use Inanna's power to join the bits, and thus remove the cuts. She did not summon his penis, and it was the only part missing, by the time god camp rolled around.
This month's god camp, I spent filming one of the many versions of 'Lady Chatterley's Lover' here. Part of the home was redecorated as an English manor, and a fair bit of the property, as well. Inanna picked the kids up, and the five of them went... elsewhere. It was never quite clear where they went, but they got to go full out, using their powers.
Meanwhile, I was filmed all over the property having sex, with many different people, there were two notable plot lines in the movie. One was a young man, who was innocent and naive about sex, and he fell to my charms and became my sexual student. The other was learning about owing a significant amount of back taxes, and getting the place declared a historic treasure, and thus exempt from the tax. Of course, it went sideways, and I played the part where I reprised a famous ride made by the lady of the house, objecting to taxes. That ride was in the nude, because 'the citizens were being taxed to death and couldn't afford clothing'. I was naked the whole day, and often having sex with someone when not filming.
Having learned about Jiao-long's practice area on the property, Isis had me go there, and re-energize the enchantment, before she added additional enchantments to hide me and simulate me meditating there. I would spend time there learning some higher magic from Isis, when my kids were with Angel and Jewel. The big spells were to enter and exit the Duat as a living person, as opposed to a dead one. She also taught me how to survive and thrive there.
Another hidden project she gave me, which I delegated a large part, was finding her a new body. She had learned about the modern era's ability to keep the body alive well beyond the mind's death. She said that such a body could well be suitable for her to take over. I agreed, and even mentioned the X-Men story where professor Xavier transfers his mind to such a body. She liked that idea, but for her, it would be possession, and takeover, not a transfer. However, it could not be any body. It had to be a young woman who was at least pretty, and with little damage physically. The part I delegated was the search for candidates. I added qualifications, such as being at least eighteen, and having no family.
I did get a potential call about a seventeen year old, who was the only survivor in a car crash, where she lost her whole family. I learned that she had a fair number of broken bones, cuts, and such, but no major damage, otherwise. The biggest issue was her brain waves were showing she might be brain dead. I made a middle-of-the-night visit, so I could meet her. Isis saw the body and was not too interested, but I told her that when she was old enough, her broken body would be essentially healed. I was more interested in reading her mind. When I did, I learned that there was nothing left.
I used some of my hidden contacts to transfer her to a private facility that would care for her, and ensure she was healed as well as possible. This facility was seventy miles away from my home. Each month, I would visit in secret, and show Isis how the body was healing, and the damage going away. She saw this, and her initial distaste became acceptance. I would also apply a little of Inanna's healing, to smooth away the scars.
A week after Megan Schmidt's eighteenth birthday, I took a weekend off to head to a nearby motel. The first night, I went in and used Inanna's healing ability to restore bone strength and muscle mass to her body. At the same time, I added an IV with a lot of nutrition and liquids so that the healing had something to consume to build the body back up. I removed it after it was emptied, and left. The next night, I went back. Her body had been bathed, cleaned of the effects of the quickened regrowth. When Isis looked at her, she realized I had seen more clearly than her, that this body was suitable. She then moved her seat from within me over to Megan's body. At that point, I went back home, and waited.
For her part, Isis meditated that night and fully took over the body. In the morning, she 'woke up', and played amnesia, as had I coached her. The news went back to the account I was paying the bills with, and then a car was sent for her. It was rented by me as George Holt with cash, and Lola drove it. I went to the administrative office, and Lola was my aide. There I showed papers indicating she was being transferred to another facility. Megan was sent for, and Lola wheeled her to the car while I whammied people to blur their memories of what we looked like. Soon after we departed, we stopped so I could get out of the disguise. We went to a mall to get a few outfits for her. This was to learn her size for clothes and shoes, and to let her select what she wanted to look like. We also stopped by a salon to get our hair and nails done.
Over the next month, I did a lot of online work to get her documentation. Lola drove her to places as needed. Isis also got a name change to Celeste Eset. Celeste indicates she is a divine being, and Eset is one of her names of old. Once that was done, we waited a month, and then got her a driver's license and her own car. By that time, she had her own bank account, and insurance. I worked with her each day, claiming she was a new magic student, but I spent a fair bit of time reshaping her body to what she wanted, without changing things too much.
At first, I thought she would be far less in my thoughts when she moved to her own body. But in truth, when the kids were about, she was in my mind. Three months after she got her new body, we were practicing magic out in the meditation zone, when I noticed that she was getting sunburned.
"Celeste, do you want me to get you some lotion, so you don't get burned any more?"
"Huh? Why am I naked?"
"We were swimming, and you suggested we come and study."
"But I'm naked!"
"We usually are when we swim. Everyone's used to it."
"It's not proper."
"In public, no, but in private, it's allowed. Nobody here is bothered, and I don't recall finding you a bathing suit."
She was silent for a few minutes. "You're right. The culture here is so different from the Egypt I knew."
"Still, you've managed to cope well."
"Living in you head for over a decade, has helped acclimate me."
"It has also taught me a lot about divinity, and power. All you've taught the kids, I think I have learned as well. But I usually also learn related things that I sense you thinking about as you teach. But back to my question, do you want some lotion?"
"Oh! We got sidetracked, didn't we." I nodded. "Sure. And you can apply it, too."
So I cast a spell to get a tube from the pool area, and applied it to her. When she leaned into my touch sensually, I adjusted my touch to give her a happy ending. I did it slow enough, and sneakily enough, that she didn't realize what I was doing, until she unexpectedly came.
"I asked for it, didn't I?" I just smiled. She shook her head, then said, "Let's get back to the lesson."
Later that week, she told me she wanted me to go with her to Egypt the next time the kids were at god camp. Fortunately, we had time to get passports, lodgings, and such. She had everything already planned. The day we landed, she filled me in.
"I had to wait until we were outside of their attention."
"Whose? My lady and the others? Why?"
"Yes, them. I want to do some major divine magic on you, so that I can get my brother back."
"You have his body, and animated him before, didn't you?"
"Yes, but he wasn't dead for long, and calling him back was within our power. But now, he's been gone so long, there is no way I can do it again."
"So what are you going to do?"
"Your lady called you back in time. I intend to send you back in time."
"Yikes, that's major power. I see what you mean about getting attention. If you know about my previous adventure, then you know I can't really change anything."
"Actually, you made a big change, but also subtle. I want to do the same. That crook and flail I had you craft for my brother? They are designed to hold his ba and ma'at when he dies. We can then use the ankh to find them. Once I have them, we can go back and make the final restoration of his body, and then reunite his ba and ma'at with it. Then he will be whole, and alive again. I have created another ankh, and invested some of my excess power each day into it. After eight months, it finally has enough to send you back. I have also invested your ankh with power, although not as much. It will bring you back, not through time, but in stasis. Your affinity for the desert will be useful."
"It will? How?"
"Precision. The time I wish to send you to, will have two key factors. One is that Osiris is alive in the Duat, and the other is the sealing of a major pyramid. The crook and flail will react when they sense him, and major construction will be easy to spot. If I have my calculations correct, you should arrive from one to two years before a pharaoh dies. Getting back is harder to tell, but easier to handle. I can sense your ankh, so all I need to do is come to you, and speak the finishing word, and your stasis will be released. While you appear to be a statue, you could be found and moved somewhere inconvenient. If you go into the desert, where nothing ever happened of note, and bury yourself, then when I call, you can un-bury yourself."
"What if they take the ankh from me?"
"In stasis, it will be part of you, and also appear as stone. Another reason for the stasis is that moving through time will disrupt the link between the artifacts. As they go back together, they will remain linked, and returning, it will keep track of where the others are."
"It seems you have it all worked out. I can't think of any problem in sending me back or retrieving me. So how do I accomplish your mission?"
We spent nearly a week preparing my outfits, jewelry, and baggage, as well as instructing me on what her priestesses did back then, and how to integrate myself into their order. I used Aja's magic to make a large package of human hair to make wigs with. I learned the names of the Pharaohs, and their time frames, and the general order of civilization of the times. The last step was to shave my head, and set aside my vanity. I was ready.
We left at night. I checked out, and we went into the desert a little way, then we both manifested her wings and flew high, about five miles. I was carrying a small enclosed cart with my stuff, and I wore an expensive, period-priestess outfit. The only things I had from this time frame were two brand-new phones with a number of large memory cards, and two solar chargers. They were fully charged, and set to airplane mode. I intended to do some documentation, and wanted to be prepared this time.
It was time. I created a magical hang glider, and lashed my cart to it, then myself. Then I released Isis's magic, and would have fallen, had she not used her telekinesis to hold me. She then initiated her temporal magic, and I was sent back in time.
I sensed time passing as the sun appeared to reverse course, then passed by again and again, faster and faster. It quickly became a blur, and I was in a familiar half-light. I sensed the passage of seasons, as the sun's path changed. Even that accelerated, until it was whipping back and forth until it also blurred. Suddenly, it slowed even faster than it had accelerated. I started to see a pyramid nearby being undone, when the slowing down finished with the sun just about to touch the horizon.
I felt a lurch, as I began to fall. It took me a few seconds to regain control, and by that time, I realized it was just before dawn. So I headed away from the city towards the sun, so I could get some distance, and lose some altitude. When I felt I was far enough away, I zipped back and forth to lose most of my altitude. I turned back to the city to land in the desert, with the sun at my back so no one would see how I arrived. I flared to land, and settled down easily. Dismissing the hang glider, I inspected my cart for damage, and found none. I then headed for the city.
While my height got a lot of attention at a distance, it was my four breasts on display that really drew people. Before I got too close, I started reading minds to pick up the local dialect. Isis had taught me the noble form, but I would need to understand, and perhaps speak the common form to get about the city. When people gathered close to stare, they saw a wealthy priestess of Isis, pulling a two-wheeled cart.
The first questions I was asked were - Are those real? Where did you come from? Who are you? My answers were - Yes; from across the waters; I am Nigkala, sent here by Isis, herself. My question, which I occasionally asked, was, "How do I get to her temple?" I spoke in the noble form, and if they did not understand, I would repeat in the common tongue.
As I followed directions, I was soon met by some officials. One said, in common, "Welcome, stranger. What brings you here?"
I replied, in the noble form, and said, "I have been sent by Isis, to be here for a time, and do her will."
It was clear they were not used to the noble form, but they at least knew it. They switched, and sometimes had difficulty, when they continued, "You are a giant, and of unusual form. Where do you come from?"
"I come from far away, across the waters. Isis can fly there easily, but it would take me a long time to get there, and I would need to travel by ship great distances."
"How great?"
"Very great. So much so, that I am depending on her to return me to my home when my task is finished."
"What shall we call you?"
"I am Nigkala."
"Come join me for a meal, and tell us of your journey. We would welcome news from afar."
"I cannot fulfill your request, for the last place I was in, is so far from here, that you would not know of it. Also, I need to speak with the priestesses of Isis here. Would you take me to the temple? As it is, I am constantly being stopped and asked questions, and I would be there before nightfall."
I was escorted to her temple, and we were met by one of her priestesses. "Welcome, priestess. I have not seen you before."
"I have never been in this place before. I am Nigkala, from across the waters. My journey has taken many days, and I would appreciate a place to rest, and to speak with the head priestess here."
"Oh my! You have come to the most important city in the land. There is so much here. But come, I will introduce you."
I turned to my escort, and said, "Thank you for bringing me here swiftly. In a few days, I will be happy to share a meal and talk with you." Then I turned and followed the woman. As I entered the temple, I cast a brief spell to take a sash from my cart and have it appear on me, to signify I am a kheri-hab, so all would know I am quite literate, and a magician, in addition to a priestess.
She quickly noticed my sash, and asked, "When did you put that on?"
"Just now. I did not want to be swarmed by those wanting my services before I was established here."
"I see. There are many in this city, especially near the temple, that would ask."
On the way, as we met other priests and priestesses to the Egyptian gods, I was introduced. I made an effort to remember everyone she introduced me to, as I figured they would be the ones that mattered at this temple. As before, I used the noble form, and rarely had to repeat in the common form. In return, I could tell they accepted me as being a person of the aristocracy, and likely important. I also opened my mind to read their leaking thoughts, so I could know who they were beyond the quick introduction.
A few minutes later, she introduced me to the head priestess. When I read she was an appointee of the Pharaoh, and not religious, I intensified my reading to understand her. One aim was to learn what she wanted, so I could adjust my sales pitch to be well placed here, as there were perhaps a hundred and fifty assorted priests at this temple. While she was somewhat greedy, she was more political. As I wanted to stay out of politics, I kept my initial description of myself in the realm of theology.
She said, "I am Kebi, High Priestess of Isis. Welcome to our city. Tell me of yourself, so that I can know you."
"As you can see by my sash, I am a kheri-hab, and will be a useful addition. I also have skill in healing. Having born several children before I knew Isis, I know well the pleasure of raising children. I have traveled far, and seen much, so I have gained wisdom."
"It sounds like you could do well here, but I already have three kheri-hab, and there are many advisors and healers available in the city."
I could tell she was angling for a bribe, or other form of value to her, for accepting me. So I noted the piece of jewelry, Kebi was eyeing, and took it off. "I also have some skill as a craftsman. I made this. Please examine it." I handed it to her.
She took some time to examine it, clearly appraising it. "I am impressed. You are quite skilled."
She held it out to me, so I said, "Keep it. You clearly appreciate it."
She feigned surprise, and said, "Thank you. I shall treasure it. Amisi-Nedjes, take her to Neferet-Aa, and inform her I have assigned her another to help her."
"Yes, Kebi. Nigkala, let me take you to her."
She led me to another area, and we found her in a library room, making a copy of a page. We were heard well before we got in, as the woman said, "Hey, that stays outside." So I parked my cart next to the wall as she watched. "That shouldn't be in the temple."
I said, "My apologies, I arrived in this city today, and do not yet have a place to stay."
She huffed, then said, "Amisi-Nedjes, why do you bring this supposed kheri-hab here?"
"Kebi has assigned Nigkala to you."
"She has, has she. So, Nigkala, is it. Do you have any skill, or did you buy your way in?"
"I admit Kebi appreciated the jewelry I gave her, but I do have skill. I see you are copying a page. Would you like to see me copy that page?"
She considered my offer for a minute before standing, and moving her page aside and put a blank one in its place. "Show me."
"Thank you." I moved to take her seat, and read the original. It was an instruction from the Pharaoh. I then studied the tools, and the inks. I felt they were decent quality, and quite good for this era. I picked up the first reed, and entered a meditative state and began writing. The grace I had learned fighting, and then sand painting, came to me now, and I wrote swiftly and accurately. I paused only long enough to get more ink, or to switch to another reed for another color. When I finished, I put the reeds back, and stood.
She sat and examined my work. "Khara! You're good. And fast! Can you make five more copies?"
"I would like to, but it has been a long day. I need to find a place to spend the night, and to live while I am in the city. I expect to be here until Isis wants me to leave. I also feel I should bathe, purify myself, and put on some clean clothes before I do work for the temple."
"You are quite right. You carry the dust of travel even now, and that cart outside should not be in the temple."
"I agree, but it is all I have, and until I have someplace safe to keep it, I don't want it out of my sight."
"Amisi-Nedjes, show Nigkala where to bathe, then take her to the temple housing manager and get her a nice place, and help her settle in. Nigkala, when you are settled, and bathed, return here. I want to see your other skills."
I said, "Thank you. I shall return soon."
Amisi-Nedjes waved me to follow, and I did. I collected my cart as we left. When I left my new residence, I had another dress, and headed to the baths. Using the ritual Isis had taught me, I bathed and purified myself. I then returned to the house of life, where I had met Neferet-Aa. I found she had finished the copy she had started, but left the other copies needed for me. So, over the next thirty minutes, I made the remaining five copies.
The next thing she wanted was for me to read to her several scrolls she selected. I could tell she was testing my literacy, as each was more complicated than the last. When she asked about my ability in magic, I directed her attention to the table I had worked at. Then I used spells I learned from Aja to create papyrus sheets like the ones I had just used. That blew her away.
While Isis taught me the main spells, rituals, and texts of the time, I spent a lot of time over the next few weeks reading and memorizing all the temple's written works, so I would know them all. I treated them like movie scripts, for smaller projects, and was able to memorize them quickly. Neferet-Aa soon had me doing the master copies of written things, as well as the lion's share of copying them.
My temple residence, however, was short for me, so I inquired of the manager if I could create my own residence at the temple, in an empty space in the priests' residential area. When he agreed, I started collecting refuse sandstone and sand, and placing it in the lot. Every few days, I would secretly use my own affinity with the desert, to change the sand and sandstone into the shaped walls of my new place. I was working to plans the stone-workers provided me for making a two-story place, tall enough for me. I gifted them with some pearls I had made in exchange for the stone and the plans. Eventually, it was two stories tall, but had a walled roof that made it look three stories tall when compared to the buildings nearby.
Not wanting to present a mystery to historians, I made the walls from what appeared to be worked sandstone, connected by vertical stone pins between layers. It had wooden shutters I could close. The first floor was the public rooms, the second floor was for living, and the roof was for relaxing, and had a vegetable garden. It was in the center of the roof that I placed the solar charger. To one side was a trough of water, that I refilled by spell each day. While I kept clothing and some jewelry on the second floor, I parked the cart out of the way on the first floor, and hidden by a solid illusion of a wall I refreshed every few days. In all, it took about two months to complete.
While I was called upon to perform many rituals, from the predawn to the evening, it was my writing that drew me to the attention of the administration. It began with helping the bureaucracy, in there never-ending need for literate workers. Not only was I hired to make copies, but also to record official statements. I also started carrying a phone with me, so I could take pictures of all sorts of things. I explained it as an aid to my casting of protection charms, and never let anyone use them. In private, I typed up assorted notes of what I experienced, or recorded myself talking. When I felt comfortable enough, I recorded assorted rituals being performed, and imagery of the many texts I had access to. I also took pictures all over the city, to show its life and appearance.
Thanks to the power Isis stored within my ankh, I could call upon it rather than her earlier self to do what divine magic I needed to do. It even recharged itself a little each day, and I rarely used more than a day's recharge in a day. The religiously and magically gifted could detect it held some power, so no one thought I was a phony. I had been here several months when I was tapped to aid in a mummification of a high official. When I assisted in preparing the sarcophagus, many commented on my skill at creating a beautiful symbolic face of the deceased.
At nine months, I was asked to teach the Pharaoh's grandson to read and write. This became my main task at this point, and I would spend either a morning or afternoon doing this. Often I would walk with him and his guards into the city to help him learn the reality behind the words of what he was learning. I would carry a bag with papyrus sheets, sealed ink bottles, prepared reeds, and a small folding table I could set up on the ground.
One day, we were near the docks, and I was contemplating a lesson involving the tracking of ships and their cargo, when he was attacked. As an older teen, he wasn't that good at fighting, so I offered to let him take cover behind me. Meanwhile, his guards defended him, and hurt the attackers, killing several. Unfortunately, there were too many, and they soon knocked out or killed the guard, leaving the two of us.
When the fight first broke out, I quickly realized the guards would be overwhelmed, since there were too many and they were willing to go against the Pharaoh's guards. I prepared by placing my bag on the ground, and then invoking Isis's power to shield my body. My outfit did not allow me to move about all that much, but my reach did a lot to make up for that. When they came for him, I struck out with my fists. They were not prepared for my ability, nor for my power. I did not kill any, but after I knocked them all out, I tended the guards to heal them. When they woke, they summarily killed the attackers, then questioned those nearby about them. I just quietly picked up my bag, and suggested we continue the lesson back in the palace.
While he clearly wanted to do just that, he knew the guards had to be satisfied with their answers before we could. One of those being questioned was me.
"Priestess Nigkala, how is it that you took down those attacking, when we did not?"
"I was a fighter before I was a priestess. With my size, I also have advantages over smaller people."
"They," he pointed to the crowd, "say you struck very hard, and sometimes sent one a fair distance over the ground. We also saw several had broken bones. That is not easy to do with just your hands. Explain this."
"Again, my size plays into this. I am quite strong, and am able to lift heavy things easily."
He looked carefully at my body, and grunted, when he saw I had muscles. "So. Why do you show no sign of their attack?"
I touched my ankh, and said, "As you fought, I called on her for protective spells. She answered."
The guard interrogating me spoke to the lead guard a bit, and they decided I was exonerated. The leader came to me and said, "Thank you, priestess, for protecting our charge, and for providing your healing."
"I am but a servant of the goddess." I again touched my ankh.
The day's planned activity at the dock was canceled, and we returned to the palace. The Pharaoh's son came by briefly, and sent me away until tomorrow. A few days later, I was summoned to the palace, to see the captain of the guards. They wanted to find out more about my fighting abilities, so I asked for access to heavy weights, so I could show my strength. When they learned I could lift more than their strongest guard, they were awed. When they asked what I would do if I had to run, I said my dress would be torn. We talked for nearly an hour, before they were satisfied with my answers.
While my fighting ability did not impact my role much, the incident brought me to the Pharaoh's attention. It started with my being asked to attend some rituals that his immediate family attended. It soon grew to leading some of those rituals, and to attending some that the Pharaoh led. In time, he grew ill, and I was one of several summoned to tend him.
With my modern understanding of the body, I was better able to treat him. But I also knew this illness was often lethal. It looked like tuberculosis. While I didn't know that much about the disease, I had traveled in enough poor places, that I had been vaccinated, and that I also knew it was contagious through the air. I knew Isis needed him to die, so I could not give him the healing he really needed. I was able to alleviate his symptoms, and my bedside manner made him feel better than when others treated him. Within the month, I would visit him each day to provide my soothing touch, including easing the worst of the symptoms, but not really affecting the true cause.
It was no surprise that he passed away six months later. I was asked to lead his mummification. By this time, I had been part of several dozen, and led several, so no one thought me unqualified. While I had no real attachment to this time, I did believe in treating all with honor, unless and until they showed they deserved otherwise. The late Pharaoh was honorable, so I did my best for him and his family. The only exception was that I made a video recording the highlights of the whole seventy-day-long procedure.
A few days later, I was a prominent priestess in the procession to entomb him. While I went into the pyramid, I did not go far, as the passages weren't big enough for me. However, I tried, until others asked me to not go further. The next day, I requested to be alone for a few days. In reality, I wanted to escape and follow him in the underworld. Collecting the crook and flail I had made, I used the spell Isis had taught me to enter the Duat. I searched until I was able to sense him mentally, since I had spent so much time near him, tending his illness.
I followed at a distance, and after several days, he finally came to the underworld palace of Osiris. I waited patiently, until I felt his business with Osiris was over, then I entered. By this time, I had noticed the presence of a great power where the Pharaoh had stopped a while, and I headed there. I met several challengers on the way, and I was able to talk some out of confronting me, as a still-living person, and some by trickery or persuasion. I only had to face two, and I overcame their challenge. Finally, I entered his hall.
I walked the prescribed distance, then prostrated myself. I waited for him to speak.
"Who are you? The living should not be here for judgment."
"I am Nigkala, a priestess of Isis, and I bear gifts from her, and a message."
"My sister sent you? Why does she not come herself?"
"Yes, my lord, she did. She knows another will try to kill you, and she cannot come herself at this time. I, however, am strong enough to make the journey, and faithful enough to do as she commands."
"Stand. It is clear you are strong, to enter this realm while still living. How did you find me?"
"I followed the Pharaoh, at a distance. I waited for him to depart, before I entered, as his business is not my business."
"Curious. You seem to show no fear of me. Why?"
"I fear what you can do. I trust Isis would not send me into likely danger without telling me. And lastly, I have dealt with several gods in person. I know how powerful I am, and how little that is, compared to a god. Respect is the best way to deal with a god, and so I freely give it to you, and trust in your graciousness."
"Such trust could be easily broken."
"I am aware."
"So, you mentioned gifts? What offerings do you have for me?"
I pulled out the crook and flail, and said, "These were created by my own hand, but the enchantment is from Isis, herself. It is her gift, not mine. I am simply the one to bring them to you."
He gestured, and another in the court, approached me, and I handed them over. They were then briefly examined, before being taken to Osiris. He, too, examined them. "These are finely made, and from quality materials. I can sense the enchantments, but do not understand them. What do you know of them?"
"Isis knows one will come to kill you. She has enchanted these to protect your life. I know they need to be close to you, preferably carried, to work. That is why she asked me to craft my best for you. Now that you have them, and know who sent them, I add my entreaty to hers, please accept them and keep them close."
"And if I don't?"
"Then she will be distraught. But there is nothing I can do about it, beyond telling her what happened here."
"And if I kill, then judge you?"
"I can do nothing to stop you, and it would distress her greatly."
"I sense you are holding back something."
"I am. However, all I've said is true. What I hold back is best held back. Please don't command me to tell you, as I don't think it will help."
"Odd. You believe what you say. I sense no falsehood in you. Can you show me some evidence she truly sent you?"
I concentrated, called on her power stored in the ankh, and levitated a foot off the ground. Then I caused the feathers to come forth. He gave a quick in-drawn breath at this. I held it for a minute, then released her power and settled back on the floor.
I said, "She has trusted me with this power."
"My sister almost never lets her priestesses have that power. She does trust you. Very well, I shall keep these close."
"Thank you, Lord Osiris." I bowed deeply, then backed out of the room.
Once out, I turned and walked slowly out. I waited a few minutes, to see if anything significant happened, but nothing did. I then walked away for an hour, before removing my dress and breaking into a distance run. What took seven days to get here, took only half a day to return. When I got back to where I entered, I dressed and cast the spell to return me to the world.
Some had sought me, but having secured my abode before transitioning to the Duat, people just assumed I was meditating, or otherwise busy, when they came. I just used a little magic to unsecure it from the outside. Renewing the magic spells in the place, I rested on the roof. When the sun set, I went to bed. In the morning, I joined in the daily rituals, and saying I needed to get busy.
Over the next few days, while the ankh recharged from the spell to exit the Duat, and the further display of power with feathers, I kept busy, inquiring what had gone on while I was meditating. I was also making copies of a number of things at the library, so I could bring them with me when I returned. I also made many pearls, and amber, so I could have wealth to spend for my upcoming trip. Lastly, I took a lot of pictures of every walk of life, of every kind of building, and even of the ships at the docks.
Having finally gathered all I intended to take, I informed the temple that my time here was finished, and that Isis desired me upriver. A few days later, I was a passenger on a boat going upriver. When we pulled into the city that would become the future Cairo, I got off. I needed an ox-cart to carry all my stuff. After leaving the docks, I slowly altered my appearance with magic, and I whammied the driver to think I always looked as I appeared now. By the time I was staying at a traveler's inn, I appeared as a Sumerian warrior.
I stayed there for nearly a month, as I first replaced my illusionary attire with the real clothing and armor, but without the metal bits. For that, I bought the metal, and worked it with magical tools, and added it to my clothes. I bought several daggers, some as my weapons, and others as artifacts. I also went all over this city taking pictures, as well. I finished my information gathering, and hired another ox-cart to take my stuff out into the desert.
We left early, and went for half a day. Then I stopped, and had the driver help me unload, before returning to the city. Once he was well away, I created a solid illusion of a cart, with large, soft wheels that would easily cross the sand, but with a low-enough deck for me to easily lift my stuff onto it. I then put on the harness, so I could pull it, and began to walk even further out into the desert. In the meantime, I commanded the sand to remove all trace of our passage. I went slow, and well into the night. I then went beneath the cart to sleep.
When I woke, I conjured up water to drink, and quenched my thirst before pouring the rest over me. It was already the hottest part of the day, so I waited a few hours in the shade, before pulling the cart further. It took three days to get where I wanted to be. Sand everywhere as far as the eyes could see, and off the regular travel routes. I was also about as far from Cairo, as it was from the sea. This was where we had agreed I would make my return.
I spent nearly a day moving the sand away and shaping sand below the ground level, creating a sandstone structure to hold all the artifacts. After it was set, I covered it with sand, and went a distance from it, so the magic of the ankh would not affect it. Concentrating, I created a small sandstorm. I used my own magic to add wind to it, so it would spin and grow. At the same time, sand was being taken from where I stood, so I descended as the storm grew. When it was deep enough, I released all my magic, and slowly released my control of the sand.
The storm slowed, and the sand started to fill in. I then invoked the ankh's power to return. Suddenly, the sand poured into the hole and covered me, and I held my breath. It seemed only a few seconds later, that I heard Isis.
"Becky Sue, I am here. It is time to exit your secret hiding place."
I found I could not move a muscle, but I used the skill I had learned to cast magic with a pair of imaginary arms, and I created a portal beneath me, and the other end was nearly a mile up. Suddenly, I was falling. So, using Isis's power, I levitated to stop my fall. Then I used An's power, to sweep the falling sand to the side, before I slowly came down and landed.
"I met Osiris, and gave him the crook and flail."
"Great. Let's go find them." She handed me my backpack. "Here's your modern stuff."
"Yes, but give me a few minutes. I have a message to send first." I used Everest's power to sense where the buried sandstone was, and walked directly over it. Then I got out a phone and got a GPS fix, that I texted to my friend, John Maxwell, the archaeologist. I informed him it was a treasure trove of well-preserved Egyptian artifacts. I them put the phone away, and swapped my outfit for a modern one. When I was ready, I nodded to her.
"Give me your ankh." I took it off, and handed it to her. "Yes, as I suspected. They are still in the Duat." She then cast a spell, and I recognized we were there. "Come, follow me." She then lifted a bit and let her feathers appear.
I too did the same, and when she zoomed off, my own response was to follow, and in moments, I was slightly behind her. We arrived in seconds, and found several demons having an argument. I felt I would have to fight soon, so I prepared, while Isis got their attention. As she spoke, I studied them to see what I would need to do to take them down. The spells I cast, I did so with virtual arms, so they would not see me casting.
Finally, the talking was over, and Isis said, "Send forth your champion."
Their leader replied, "Why, you are no fighter."
"I am not, but she is." At that, I summoned an obsidian sword and dagger with the standard enhancements. Then, I smiled. Secretly, I summoned sand behind them, so I would have some available for combat.
"Only one? You will need to kill all of us to get what you want."
I spoke, "Give the command, and step up and away from the field of battle, and I shall deal with them."
That got laughs, for there were nearly twenty of them.
"I give the command." Isis then levitated up.
I pulled in Inanna's power as a warrior, then caused the sand to spin around us all. I added wind from An, to make it a miniature tornado, and pulled it in. This caught them by surprise. There was a lot of yelling, then they attacked. They tried fire, but I intercepted it with sand. Then they tried lightning, but I easily absorbed it, then sent it back tenfold at them. That knocked two down, but then I added lightning into the swirling sand, and pulled it all the way in, so then no one could see.
I switched to other senses, and began to spin. Faster and faster, I spun; then I moved into them. They were angry at being effectively blinded, and they tried to attack me, but they often hit each other at first. I added more lightning into the twister, and aimed it at them. Five minutes later, I calmed the storm and stopped spinning, because they were all dead, or nearly so.
The leader was nearly dead, and I heard him say, "How? She is not a warrior goddess!"
"I serve several, including a warrior goddess, and have served as her champion. Your only chance was not to fight." I looked up, and said, "Come, my lady, and retrieve what you desire."
She slowly landed on the ground, and walked to another, who had died, and stood over him. Suddenly, the body rose, and the possessions floated off, one at a time, until the crook and flail floated to her. Then she dropped the body. I backed off, then cast a spell to clean myself.
Isis said, "Time to leave." She then levitated up, and brought forth her feathers. I did the same, and when she left, I followed. She came back to the place we entered, and then while still in the air, cast the spell to return us. We then flew to Cairo, and landed. No one seemed to notice us, until we entered a large crowd.
"Why did no one notice us?"
"I made us invisible to anyone on the ground, and as we landed, I made us unremarkable for a time. This allowed us to blend in and now, no one knows we weren't here moments ago. Come, let's get a cab to the airport."
I soon spotted one, and called it to us. I opened the door for her, and entered next. She told the cabbie to take us to the airport. I bought a pair of first-class tickets for the next flight stateside, to New York. I would have got a second set to fly cross country, but she wanted to see the city. We had hours to wait, so we went to a restaurant and enjoyed a meal, then to a lounge where we rested, awaiting the flight. Rather than deal with customs, I whammied the guards to see nothing of note in what we had.
Soon after the plane went on autopilot, I convinced the crew to give us a tour of the cockpit. Despite her being out of sync with modern technology, she understood flight, and they picked up on that. When we got back to our seats, I explained to Isis what she didn't understand. Soon, she went to sleep, but I had a bit of fun. I made sure to clean up well before returning to my seat and relaxing myself by meditating. After landing, we went through customs again, and I did some more whammies.
I got us a nice hotel near Central Park. While not the penthouse suite, our suite wasn't far from it. She spent a week checking everything out, especially the tall buildings. While I was with her, I was more keeping her company, as I was already familiar with most of the places we went. Often as we waited, I texted back and forth with John, and told him all about the cache of Egyptian artifacts.
Isis and I went on the tour bus, and enjoyed being shown the sights of the city. Eventually, we got home, and she got right to work. For several days, she stayed in Death Valley, and then I got a call from her.
"Becky Sue Tate, my priestess, come to Death Valley. You are needed."
I hurried, and soon passed through the gate to the valley. Entering the Pocket Industry, I stopped in shock. I saw Osiris standing next to her. Recovering, I looked at her and saw she had gone all out with the makeup, and looked like she had when she took me over.
I bowed deeply, then said, "Welcome. Much has changed since last you walked this earth. I serve your sister," I nodded to her, "as one of several. My primary allegiance is to Inanna, of Sumeria."
Isis said, "Brother, you met her once before, not long before you died. She came to you in the Duat and gifted you with my presents."
It took him some time, and he stared at me. I could feel he was examining me. Eventually, he said, "You are human, and not very old, but many centuries have passed. How can you be the same?"
Isis spoke, "She is the same, because I sent her. Inanna called her from the past, and sent her back. From that, I learned how to use my own power to send her back. It cost her more than a year of her life to deliver my gifts. She also aided me in restoring your body."
"She did? Did you not already know how?"
"I did, but the magic I used then, merely animated your body. But Inanna's magic is different. It actually restores your vitality by bringing your body back to life. Becky Sue also discovered where Set had hidden your great member. It was when she sought me out and gave it to me that I began to have hope. It seemed that by happenstance, she and two other Inanna priestesses decided to have fun with it. But because it was alive, all three got pregnant."
"I have three more children?"
"Four. Becky Sue bore twins."
"And they are mine?"
"Yes. The other two are half gods, but hers are full gods, for I was hiding within her at the time."
I could see he was in shock, like many fathers are, when they learn they have kids. Summoning some sand from the desert, I created a glass. Then using Aja's magic, I created fresh juice. Stepping up closer, I offered it to him. He took it, and drank it all. I stepped back as he was drinking, and when he set the glass down, I refilled it remotely.
Suddenly, he went past me and out, saying, "I need space!" Isis followed, and I collected the glass and brought up the rear. He had only made it about twenty feet away, when he realized we were in a desert. He fell on his knees, and seemed to cry. "Everything is so different. In there, it was cool, like the evening, and here it is like the deep desert! How it is possible?"
Isis walked over, and leaning down, she comforted him, saying, "I, too, had to learn how different everything is now. Man has learned to do many things once only done by the gods. They can fly through the air; they can make a place cold, hot, or somewhere in between. They use machines to do what animals were once used. They use other machines to talk across vast distances. Our land, once thought to be so wide, is now but a small part of the world."
They were quiet for several minutes, before he stood. Turning to her, he asked, "How do you cope?"
"I almost didn't. I hurt her, but she forgave me. When it came time to deal with divine children, she offered me a chance to help raise them. I once again took up residence in her body, but instead of taking it over, she allowed me to share it, for the children's sake. Even though I wanted to teach them the old ways, she translated them to the modern ways. For example, learning to ride and control animals became learning to ride and control machines. Look over there, and you'll see them." She pointed at the mini dune buggies.
"She also taught me about this world, and was always kind and patient to explain everything. She knows far more than any advisor of old. And she is wise, for she has lived a very full life. I am constantly surprised at the lessons she adds, that teach the children wisdom. Soon, they will begin the change from being a child into an adult, and having met some of her other children, she has done well there, also."
"They are that old? How will they know their father?"
"They are ten years old, and they consider her mate as their father."
"What!"
"Peace, brother. She is Inanna's, and her children are sired by many men. They all know that their father is most likely not their sire. Your children know this, all four. But they need a father figure, and she gives them her mate."
"I have children, and they don't know me." He looked like he might cry again.
"No, brother, they know you. Not only the Osiris of ancient Egypt, but also the god who sired them. We have been teaching them many things, including magic and languages. Few in the land can speak Egyptian, but your children do. They also know that they are gods and goddesses, and that they are different. Becky Sue could not teach them alone. Nor could I, as I am in hiding. Soon, you, too, must hide, for other gods have chosen to take an interest in the children."
"Why should we hide? Don't they fear the combined might of Egypt?"
"They do not, for that might is just the two of us. With your second death, I was unable to bring you back. Then Egypt declined, and so did we. I retreated, leaving my power in an artifact while I slept in the Field of Reeds. She accidentally summoned me, and I woke, thinking all was normal. But I had slept far longer than I knew. When her daughter challenged me with words, I called upon the others to prove her wrong. No one answered, and I knew I was alone. For the wrong I had done her, I allowed her some of my power by relocating to her body, but I went back to sleep, and remained so until she woke me for the children. Their need gave me a reason to live. But by then, the other gods had already acted."
"What have they done!"
"Little yet, as Becky Sue declared her intent to fight for the children no matter what they decided."
"She would be like a gnat challenging a mountain."
"I think she could prove difficult, but you are right. She would lose, and she even admitted it, but her sincerity moved them to delay judgment. Until then, they have watchers, whom she has charged to teach, to ensure the children won't cause trouble with the way things are. They fear change, and I sympathize with them, knowing how much change has affected me."
"What must we do?"
"We must hide from the other gods until we are ready. Before I had the idea of sending her back to save you with my gifts, I had planned to announce myself when we meet with them at the children's coming of age. Now, you can join me. For now, the children think me a god's representative who knows magic. They know I am teaching her, as well. It is my thought to introduce you as my mate, and just have you about. I think my reveal will startle them, and I intend to make your children into the new gods of our pantheon. With you by my side, it will be even easier, and I think they will let us be. Oh, they'll watch us, but to do something, I think not."
"That is a good plan, and we have a few years to refine it. But what now?"
I spoke up, and said, "Come to my home, and be welcome. This desert has power, and I am linked to it, but it is not a place of comfort. My home will be a hidden and comfortable place for you both, until you decide how to present yourself anew."
He looked at his sister, and she nodded, so he said, "Lead us to your home. Is it near?"
"Sort of. The portal is this way." I led us around to the portal, using An's power to close down the Pocket Industry. As I saw Isis was arm in arm with Osiris, I didn't wait for them. Walking over the portal, I stopped and turned, then disappeared. Isis just followed and pulled him along. I was waiting in the maze, and when they appeared, I turned away and led the way out. Apparently, Isis magically hid his green skin with a well-tanned, normal skin.
I led us into the kitchen, and introduced Tammy, and said, "She is our cook, and prepares all the best meals we have here." He nodded at her, and she curtsied back.
I gave him a tour of the house, from the gym to the upstairs rooms. I ended at the room where Isis stayed. "This is where your mate stays. Now that you are here, we will either combine this with an adjacent room, or find a better location for you. Your mate is known here as Celeste Eset, as the name Isis is too well known. I think you may want to have a different name here, as well. I'll let Celeste take things from here. She knows the routine, and can help you settle in. If you need anything, ask, and I'll see what I can do." I then bowed, and left.
Isis took him inside, and closed the door. Based on what I overheard, they had lots of sex.
The first thing Isis did was have me create a number of outfits for him. Then she had me make an amulet that would make him appear tanned like her, rather than his normal green skin. She also had me make a pair of wedding rings for them, and she enchanted his to do the same as the amulet, in case he had to remove it. With that done, it was time for a name. They chose, with my input about such things, that Osiris would become Caesar Usir. I asked Alex to hack in, and generate a birth certificate for him, from parents killed back a ways. Then a record of growing up overseas in Egypt with family. Then there was a record of getting married on a cruise ship on the ocean, before settling here. I gifted him a similar amount of money in a new account. Lastly, the three of us went and got him a state ID.
Meeting the watchers, and his children proved interesting. But Isis had to handle most of that, as I was tapped for another 'John Carter on Mars' film. I was the second leading lady, again, and had less screen time, but I was also one of the fight trainers. Before I invited them to watch me on the set, I showed them the previous John Carter film in my theater. That took a bit of explaining, not only the technology, but also the style of storytelling. Another bit of explaining, mostly handled by Isis, was my household's sexuality. I explained my many allegiances to assorted gods.
He was disappointed that I didn't place Isis first, but he understood a priestess to several gods, as back in Ancient Egypt, that was common. Another annoyance to him was hiding. While he accepted the need, he didn't like it.
Summer turned into fall, and fall to winter. That is when we decided it was time to reveal Isis and Osiris to the children. We were in Death Valley, having gotten a lot of their nervous energy out with the mini dune buggies, when I called them together.
"Children, today, Celeste and Ceaser have a secret for you. One you must also keep secret. It is involved with your divinity."
This got their attention, and Cleopatra said, "I love secrets. But you said we weren't supposed to tell about our divinity."
"I did. I also told you that others have their own secrets. The three of us have been keeping this secret for a while, but now, it is time. Settle down, and concentrate on sensing the powers nearby. Tell me what you feel."
Darius shouted, "Whoa, they're loaded." Then looking at them, he said, "Who are you? And why haven't we noticed before?"
Isis said, "Remember your lessons on hiding your power?"
"Oh! You've been hiding!"
"Yes, we have. You see, the two of us are gods, but we have not been around for a very long time, and want to ease back into things."
Layla asked, "Do you we know of you?"
"Yes. We have been in your history lessons. I made sure of that. Can you recognize us?"
Osiris was wearing a ten-gallon Stetson with a pair of ostrich feathers on the sides. At his belt, he had the crook and flail attached. His beard was thin and pointed. He had no shirt, and wore board shorts and sandals. Isis was wearing her hair in corn rows, and she wore a traditional Egyptian dress with a feathered pattern. She also wore an ankh necklace. The children looked for a while, when Mona raised her hand.
Isis said, "Go ahead, Mona."
"Of the ones we have learned about, you seem to have the symbology of Isis, and he has the symbology of Osiris. But neither of you look anything Egyptian, except for the eye-lining makeup."
"You are observant, and smart. That is indeed who we are. Do you know what this means?"
Darius spoke up, "It means that he is our father."
Osiris spoke, "Yes son, I am. All four of you are my children. I had not planned on it, but it happened. Each of you are precious to me. I have learned a little about you, but I want to know more."
I spoke, "There is more. I am sure you have wondered why Cleopatra and Layla have more divine power than Mona and Darius. That is because at the time I conceived you two, Isis was living within me. It is she, from whom you got you extra power, which makes her a second mother to you two."
There was a lot of excited talk about what all it meant, and how happy they were to meet Osiris and Isis.
I called their attention once more, saying, "Children, remember, this is a secret. There is also the nature of our families for you to understand. Darius, your father is Mark, and your mother is Monica, who we usually refer to as Jewel. Mona, your father is also Mark, and your mother is Briana, who we call Angel. Cleopatra and Layla, I am your mother and Filipe is your father. The five of us are the ones who are raising you as our family. Osiris, who is being called Caesar for now, is your sire. As you all know, most of my children have a sire other than Filipe, yet, he loves them and they love him. I don't know who all have sired my children because I have been with so many. But it doesn't matter to either of us. We are family.
"With the birth of the four of you, however, we knew Osiris was the sire early on. This is part of the reason we have the four of you be with each other a lot, for you truly are siblings. Cleopatra and Layla, Filipe and I won't give up our claim as your parents, but we will share. Mona and Darius, I think your parents feel the same way. I have already told Filipe of Isis, and tonight, I will speak with him of Osiris. Tomorrow, I will speak to Mark, Angel, and Jewel while you are at school. We must all pretend nothing has changed, even though Osiris and Isis will be in your life more. Do you all understand?"
I got a chorus of assent, then Isis spoke, "Osiris and I have a lot to get used to in this modern age. When we lived in ancient Egypt, we knew how everything worked, but here, now, things are so different. I've been about for a decade, and am still learning. My mate has been here only a few months, and is even more out of touch. You can help us by understanding our being far from what we knew, and by explaining to us things we don't understand."
The rest of the time there, Osiris and Isis told the children about themselves. I busied myself be ensuring they had nice snacks and drinks so they wouldn't fidget too much. Eventually, it was time to return.
I waited for a break in the conversation, and said, "Kids, our time is up. Everyone clean up, so we can get back in time for dinner. And remember, don't tell anyone about this."
There was some minor grumbling about having to quit the conversation, and about having to clean up, but they complied. I called their parents as soon as we got back. Angel came over, and I told her I wanted to speak to the three of them after the kids left for school the next day. That night, after the kids went to bed, I spoke to Filipe.
"Filipe, we have a secret to let you in on." I indicated the couple sitting across from us, and said, "Celeste and Caesar are cover names. They are both gods in hiding."
His eyes got big, then said, "Why tell me? Wouldn't it be easier for them not to tell?"
"It would, but they are family, in a way."
"Huh? How is that?"
"You know Cleopatra and Layla are gods. They are the reason. It was he who sired them. And she was hiding within me at the time, and is why they are full gods rather than demigods like Darius and Mona, who he also sired."
"Oh! They are family then."
"Yes, and you know I am protective of my family."
He then looked over to them, and asked, "Who are you, when not Celeste and Caesar?"
"I am Isis, and this is my brother and mate Osiris."
"That's a lot to take in."
I said, "You have time. Our kids will be with us until they are eighteen. Then, like the others, they will decide their future. Their choices are a bit greater, and have more complications, and we can only advise. But we have chosen to let them know now, so they can get used to the idea, and understand their choice when it comes time to make it."
"Um, how should I address you?"
Osiris said, "We are in hiding. Please continue to call us Caesar and Celeste in public. Only with our kids, and your wife should you refer to us by Osiris and Isis. There are too many watching this household to risk it, otherwise."
"But is that the way to address gods?"
"You do not worship us, in fact very few do, these days. My sister has chosen to make Becky Sue her priestess, but she is already that for several other gods. She also is used to speaking with divine beings. For now, as we are in hiding, simple respect will do. Should we ever reveal ourselves, a more formal respect would be better, but as you are aiding us in our hiding, I won't be offended if by simple rather than formal respect."
Isis chimed in, "I, likewise. My mate is right. Referring to us as lord and lady, as you would a monarch, is for when we go about in power. Referring to us as mister and missus, or even by Celeste and Caesar, is best for now."
I chimed in, saying, "Osiris, Isis, in this day and age, being married to a sibling, as you two are, is considered a sin, and having children as such, even worse. Back then, it happened to the gods, and the royal family of Egypt. It is not acceptable in modern society. If you reveal yourselves, people will know the truth. Until then, best not to mention it."
Isis said, "Yes, Becky Sue, we have already spoken of this, and came to the same conclusion."
I asked, "So, have you thought about moving out yet?"
"We have, and have decided not to. The larger space you have provided us is fine, as is the sharing of your home. If we moved out, we would miss so much of the growing up of our children. Now that they know who we are, they have opened up to us about some of their troubles, and we have been able to be their parents, even if only a few moments at a time."
Osiris added, "It is true that we should have a palace and servants and priests and priestesses to serve us, but that doesn't work when we are in hiding. That you have your servants serve us also, is good. Likewise, the pool is wonderful."
I had to smirk at that, as he was in the pool nearly everyday, and up for fun and games if anyone joined him.
Isis added, "Yes, you give us the life of luxury, and as gods, it is normal to live this way. But even greater, is that you share your family with us. This is a strange idea to us, yet it gives us great pleasure. We both thank you for that. Filipe, you are indeed a good father. Do not think your age hinders you. You give them your wisdom, and your love. Your need of a cane is just who you are, not a failing on your part. Likewise, Becky Sue. You are truly Inanna's priestess, with your wanton ways, yet your kids recognize your love and support. In turn, they love you back. That we share in your family is a great gift."
Eventually, talk turned to the children, and deciding the next set of priorities to teach them. In school, they were close to straight 'A's, and it was usually inattention that hurt their grades. It was decided that I would begin to teach them self defense, Osiris would teach then agriculture, and Isis would continue with magic. We set out a large chunk of our property for them to learn.
For the new year, we had more guests. The Maxwells came to visit, and after discussion with Isis and Osiris, we invited them to stay at our place. Jack was staying with Sally's parents, so he wouldn't miss any school, but John and Sally wanted to see us, as well as discuss the cache of artifacts I told them about.
While I introduced them to Celeste and Caesar, I did not tell them who they were. Both enjoyed swimming in winter, as England was cold. John was quite enthusiastic at the completeness of the artifacts at providing a slice of life coverage. It helped fill out a lot of missing detail, and confirmed or disputed a lot of guesswork that had been done for that time period. The coverage of a pharaoh's mummification and entombment was a major highlight, and made some big waves in the field. He'd had to bring in an Egyptologist to handle a lot of it, since his expertise was Sumeria, but even so, it helped his position at the school and brought it accolades.
Sally said there was even a lot for her, since it was a slice of life. It helped her understand them as a culture, and not the historical things like rulers and wars, but rather, the simple things - like family life, the castes, common law, and more.
"Well, John, and Sarah, I have presents for you." I handed each a small box, wrapped in fancy paper and a bow.
Sally said, "Oh? We hadn't thought to bring you a gift beyond our presence."
"This is not exactly a gift to you personally, but rather professionally. Open them."
"Memory sticks? And high capacity, as well?"
"Same here."
"Yes. You see, my life got complicated again, and I took another trip into the past."
John said, "What!?"
Sally said, "Let me guess. Egypt?"
"Yes, I went to Egypt. I collected what John found. But I had some time to prepare. Those sticks contain both the raw information I recorded, and also a lot of commentary. I've also organized it a bit to make access easier, with a summary and index. For John, the highlight is a significant portion of the mummification of a pharaoh. Yes, the same one. You see, I was the lead priestess that did it."
"WHAT!"
"Not so loud, John. Yes, I did it. Like the last time, you cannot use this directly, but it can lead your searches and inquiries. For Sally, I have some less dramatic recordings of life."
Sally asked, "How could you be so obvious about recording these things?"
"You forget, I am a priestess, and I served as one to Isis as it was she who sent me. In that day, they did not know what a cell phone was, and I just said it was a holy artifact to aid me in my duties. It may not have been holy, but it did aid me. Just for duties to our present, and not to the past when I was there."
"Oh my god. You mean you interacted with them as an ordinary priestess and they reacted normally. That is very rare for a cultural researcher. They usually are outsiders, and becoming part of the tribe is hard."
"I know, which is why I did it. I did not get all levels of society, but I did get some in the pharaoh's household."
"WHAT!"
John said, with a smile, "Hush, darling. Don't question how she did it. Just accept that she gets in places and is aware of history."
I nodded, then said, "Because I was there for over a year, I got a good immersion into the culture. I was mostly a scribe, but I did other things. While I have tried to speak to everything I could think of, I'll be happy to explain stuff. Just remember, I'll publicly deny these recordings, but they are the real deal, so can aid your research."
"Becky Sue, for an amateur, you sure seem to be getting more history discovered than the pros."
"Yeah. I was even made a professor for that."
Sally and I continued to talk for a time, while John fiddled on his phone. Suddenly John said, "I found it!"
Sally asked, "What did you find?"
"Since the artifacts included details about the Pharaoh's death, his tomb became a center of interest, also. I remembered there was an unusual image on one of the walls."
"Oh?"
"Yes. You know how they painted women looking to the side, with a single breast in profile?"
"Yes..."
"The odd one had two breasts in profile."
I said, "Huh? Can you show me?"
John handed his phone to me.
"Oh my. These hieroglyphics talk about his grandson, and it indicates I taught him and once saved his life."
"You did?"
"Yeah. We were at the docks for a lesson in economics when we were swarmed by a bunch of people. The guards took down some, but they were overwhelmed. I was the only one between them and the grandson. I knocked out the remaining people, then assisted the guards. They only lost two, but they executed everyone that attacked. Still, the grandson was not hurt. That event brought me into the pharaoh's inner circle, and when he got ill, I was one of those tasked to heal him, or at least ease his suffering."
Sally said, "You sure got lucky."
"I was lucky to attend him, but being there when he died was part of our plan."
"Huh?"
"That's all I'll say on why I was there, as the ramifications are still happening. But as to what I saw and did outside of the plan, I'll be happy to tell you."
"That's gonna bug me no end, trying to figure why you went, specifically then, and sent by Isis."
"I know, but at least you'll have a lot of other things to think about with that data."
"That I will."
"I, too, will have lot of work. Even with all that well-preserved stuff you provided. I'll have to go over it, and see how much I can elaborate to include what you gave us tonight. That's gonna take a lot of research, finding helpful evidence."
"Don't worry dear. I will be doing the same, and I suspect we will both be able to use the same backing materials."
John then asked, "What of you? You were sent by Isis. Are you still dealing with her? I thought she died or left after the movie."
"She did, but something came up. I've added another goddess to my collection, and my time back then as her priestess was true, not faked. But as one of many back then, I didn't come to her notice back then. I thought I might when I mummified the pharaoh, but apparently I did things in a way that didn't catch her attention."
"But wouldn't your arrival or departure cause questions?"
"Apparently not, as that one temple had over a hundred-and-fifty priests and priestesses, including at least twenty to Isis. Nor was it the only temple, just the biggest. It seems sudden departures occur on occasion for various reasons, and they may arrive elsewhere. I think they just assumed that I left for another temple for just such a reason. I remember one priest who got involved in a crooked business venture, and he departed two days before some palace guards came looking for him. No doubt he showed up in another city under another name."
Sally looked like she was thinking for a bit, before she asked, "Didn't they practice celibacy?"
"No. They did not have wanton sex, like the priestesses of Inanna." I smiled. "Nor even casual sex. But marital sex was fine. As was occasional sex. However, it required ritual purification before many other aspects of priestly life could be done. I chose not to have sex, to keep things simple. Besides, a seven-foot-tall woman is rather intimidating. As for purification, just the normal rituals meant I might have up to three or four baths a day. Another aspect I conformed with, was shaving my head, and having several wigs. It felt odd, but I got used to it."
"You must have suffered, not having sex the whole time you were there."
"Not as much as you think. Remember the Egyptian clothing was somewhat see-through?"
"Yes."
"Well, the better the quality, the more transparent. And my outfits were quite expensive."
"Oh!"
"Yes, the lower goods were on display. And I'm sure you already know the effect extra breasts have on men."
"Yeah, we know."
"I got a lot of interest, but as a priestess, most respected my celibacy. After settling in, my magical ability also made people hesitant on crossing me."
John said, "Magical ability? Isn't that tied to your gods? You could use them back then?"
"Most of my abilities are so tied, but I have some of my own ability, and I even have some mundane magical ability. I mostly used Aja's teachings with creative magics. But I was also given a reservoir of Isis's power to use back then, so I could be her priestess without needing to call upon her back then."
"I know Isis has a lot of magic at her command. What does Aja's magic do?"
"As I said, creation. Food, cloth, and just about anything living. I have created living trees. I haven't tried for anything more complicated, but I have done beef, veal, and other meats. Back then, simple wood was useful. But another thing I learned has helped a lot. Hold out a hand, each of you."
They did, and I placed a hand over each and cast a spell. They felt something drop into their hands, and pulled them away.
Sally said, "Pearls? Yes, they are organic, made by oysters."
John added, "And considered valuable in Egypt back then. Now, too."
"Yes, so I had as much money as I needed. But I can also make fine linen for my clothing. My outfits for the Cleopatra movie were made with such linen and pearls. But for my trip, I started with an illusion of a wig, as I didn't know how to make them. But I created fine hair that was long, and hired a wig-maker to make my first one, and later hired an expert wig-maker to teach me. If you want, I can create one for you, made as they did back then."
Sally excitedly said, "Oh yes, I want one!"
"Black okay?"
"Just like you would have worn, yes."
So I concentrated, and cast a spell, and quickly one formed on her head. "I had to make it on your head to get the size correct. You should be able to tuck your hair under and see how it looks."
She quickly got up and went to the nearest mirror and fixed her hair. By the time she returned, I had made a necklace that would go well with it, and placed it around her neck after she sat down.
John said, "Wow. So quickly."
"Practice. Lots of practice. Like any craftsman, the most skilled have had lots of practice, and are considerably faster than those with less skill. Magic creation is no different."
"If you want authentic modern reproductions of their clothing, I can provide it."
Sally said, "I still find it surprising you went without sex that long."
"Well, I did, except for the last month or so. After leaving the city, I 'disappeared' and dressed in my Sumerian warrior outfit. As long as I didn't make trouble, no one minded me, and there was enough trade that foreign warriors were known. I was also bringing all the artifacts with me, so it was clear I didn't want trouble. On the other hand, no longer looking like a priestess, I was no longer expected to be celibate. And warriors are quite noted for having sex when they have the chance. So I had sex at least every other day."
"That sounds more like you."
"It was. My mission was done, and I was bringing my stash for you, as I headed to my pickup point."
John asked, "Way out in the desert?"
"Yes. I was returning economy class. Basically, I was put in stasis until I returned, rather than actually travel through time. I resembled a statue. So, yeah, I'm technically over a thousand, but I don't count that. I just count the time I spent living."
"But still, way out?"
"I didn't want my statue form disturbed, nor did I want the cache found. As it was, I returned safely, and I was able to tell you where it was so you could 'discover' it. I'm sure there were questions about the location, as well as the odd stone edifice?"
"There were."
"Just another mystery to be solved."
"Yeah, tell me about it."
"Hey, I'm not responsible for the others. I've only been back twice."
A few days later, they left, and life went back to normal. Well, normal for me. You see, I did go back again.
But that is another story...
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!