Six months before my 40th birthday I had a bit of a mid-life crisis. I don't know why, as I'm normally a very positive person; married with two young teenage sons and a good job as an Administrator in a large hospital. With hindsight I guess I was bored and worried that my life was slipping away from me but that's no excuse for my behaviour.
In early May I was invited to a birthday party in the centre of town for one of the young nurses. I would normally have made my excuses and not gone but this time I accepted. As we live in the countryside, about 17 miles from town hubby I volunteered to drop me off and pick me up; although I knew he wouldn't be happy with staying sober enough to collect me at midnight.
When I arrived in town and saw what the others were wearing I felt old and dowdy in my glasses, smart trousers, blouse and cardigan when everyone else was in skirts or dresses and looked exciting and sexy compared to me. I still had a good night, drinking, dancing and even laughing. I couldn't remember the last time I'd laughed as much and the evening flew by.
I was correct about hubby's mood when he collected me; he had a face like a smacked arse. When we got home I wanted sex; but he was already asleep when I came out of the bathroom, so as usual I had to make to with a silent diddle under the covers.
The party was a big topic of conversation the following week at work and I was invited out again with a bunch of co-workers who regularly hit the Town on a Friday night but I politely refused and regretted it, when Friday came and hubby was fast asleep, pissed on cheap lager at 10pm. I left him snoring and went to bed where I tearfully pledged that I would go out with the girls the following week.
When I told my story the following Monday Kim, one of the staff-nurses offered her spare room for me to stay in if hubby wouldn't pick me up. Still angry, I agreed. Of course Hubby wasn't happy; but he reluctantly agreed when I said I would drive there myself and leave the car over night and drive home in the morning, without having to bother him.
Friday came around quickly enough and I excitedly drove to Kim's house on the other side of town. I found the house easily enough and was pleasantly surprised when her rather handsome husband answered the door with a glass of wine in his hand for me. He ushered me upstairs where Kim was still getting dressed. Her bedroom door was wide open as I walked along the landing. Kim was sitting in front of a large mirror tonging her hair as I entered her boudoir. We chatted as she finished her hair and applied the finishing touches to her make up.
By the time it came to choose her dress her husband had joined us with the wine bottle. Kim was just over 5 feet tall and had curves in all the right places, her husband on the other hand was about 6 feet tall, with shoulder length wavy hair and a chiselled face. He had the look of a Rock star, especially as he wore very tight jeans and cowboy boots. He actually owned a coffee bar in a local shopping centre and played in a local band every couple of weeks. If he hadn't been my friend's husband he probably looked a bit pervy. It was his suggestion that she should wear a short red strapless one, but it meant she couldn't wear a bra with it. Without a care in the world Kim dropped her silk kimono on the floor and walked past me to choose some panties. I tried not to stare; but she looked gorgeous and my eyes bulged when I realised that she was completely shaven down below. Being much younger than me Kim's body hadn't yet started to sag and her boobs were still quite firm for a woman with a child and her stomach was ironing-board flat. She selected a tiny white g-string and surprised me by pulling on a pair of tan hold-up stockings too.
"Isn't the dress a bit short for stockings?" I asked as Ian topped up my wine. I was wearing a nice dress too, but it was a lot more demure and in keeping with my age and status.
"No, of course not." Kim laughed and deliberately bent over showing off her stocking tops and an inch of milky white thigh, much to her husband's amusement.
I finished my drink and on the taxi ride into town we chatted and I told her how sexy she looked and how my husband would be mortified if I dressed like her.
"He doesn't have to know." She replied with a wink, "Not if you got dressed at our house."
I kept that thought in the back of my mind as we had another great night. The crowd I was with was smaller and slightly different from the previous week and a lot younger and rowdier. I knew a couple of girls from the hospital and was pleased that they were happy for me to join them. We went to pretty much the same bars and this time I recognised a few faces from the previous visit but still struggled to speak to any guys. One chap amused me by saying I looked like the TV Personality Carol Vordeman. Apart from having long legs and big boobs, I couldn't see it, but a couple of the girls agreed when I told them. I felt by far the oldest person there, but for some bizarre reason still I managed to attract the attention of a couple of very young guys who wanted to dance with me and one even offered a drink, which I refused. Kim was on form, flashing her stocking tops at every opportunity and even sloppily kissing a couple of guys late in the evening; which shocked me.
We were both pretty drunk on the taxi ride home and Kim's dress rose up her thighs quite quickly giving me and the driver a good look at her stocking tops and occasionally her panties, plus when she bent forward to pick up her bag I couldn't help looking at her boobs and pretty pink nipples; which made me blush.
Ian was waiting up when we arrived at their house and Kim greeted him with a big kiss and drunkenly told him, 'take me to bed and fuck the arse off me!' Ian smiled and guided her upstairs. As I unsteadily made my way along the dark landing after going to the bathroom I heard the happy couple giggling as Kim got undressed and hummed the tune 'the stripper.'
My head was spinning as I tried to get to sleep in the room next to theirs. Then I heard Kim's voice, "Mmmmmmmmmm....hello Mr. Big. What should lickle Kim do to make you happy?"
Oh my God! I could hear them!
"Mmmmmmmmmm....you sure do taste nice." I heard her giggle, "And which hole would you like to go into tonight?" Her voice was now very high and school girlish. I could then hear Ian panting and muttering for the next few minutes as I presumed my friend was gobbling his cock. By this time my hand was between my legs and my fingers diddling my clitty.
I frantically rubbed and fingered for the next 15 minutes as Kim and Ian noisily fucked like rabbits, making myself cum three times in the process. I woke the following morning with a stotting headache and when I scratched an itch on my nose I could still smell my stinky fingers.
As I tenderly made my way to the bathroom I could hear laughter and activity from downstairs as Ian and their 7 year old son Simon had breakfast and watched TV. Ten minutes later I was sitting drying my hair with only a towel wrapped around me when Ian knocked on the door and walked straight in with a cup of coffee and a bacon sandwich. I automatically clutched the towel to my chest to protect my modesty as he greeted me but it was only as he left that I realised the bottom of the towel was open and he must have seen my pubes. I blushed madly as I put my clean knickers and bra on; thinking that he must think I was some kind of tart flashing my bits like that. But it really was an accident.
Nothing was said when I took my cup and plate back to the kitchen but I swear Ian winked as I got in my car to return home. I had hardly been in the house 10 minutes when hubby took the boys to rugby practice without a word about my evening out.
Hubby gave in without an argument to my request for a Friday night out with the girls and another stop over at Kim's house. I sort of guessed he thought I was too old and dull to get up to any mischief while he sat at home wanking his cock to a frazzle looking at porn on the computer. He thought I didn't know, but he never cleaned out the memory so I knew exactly which sites he was looking at and for how long.
The next few weeks followed the same pattern with Kim wearing some pretty sexy and very revealing clothing then flirting outrageously with an assortment of young men. At least twice she disappeared from view for 15 or 20 minutes and came back 'glowing' giving me the impression that she had been up to no good.
I also began smuggling ever more cleavage revealing outfits and skirts to get changed into. At first I would disappear into the spare bedroom to dress, but as they appeared to have some kind of 'open door' policy Ian would barge in anyway with more wine, and catch me in various stages of undress; gradually making me get quite excited at the prospect of him seeing me in my undies. Eventually I would dress in Kim's bedroom with Ian nonchalantly commenting on our clothes and especially our underwear!
It didn't take me long to fit in with the 'gang;' and to some degree become more comfortable with the ever growing attention of my own admirers; some of whom were young enough to be my son. After a couple of months I was revelling in the new found male attention and finding it increasingly difficult not to take their advances more seriously as I let a couple kiss me or 'get a tache on' as the younger girls called it.
When we got back to her house Kim and Ian always had very noisy sex and I soon realised that it was possibly even for my benefit, so I started taking a Rampant Rabbit and fucked myself in time to the happy couple in masturbatory fuelled nights. I would also stay for an extra hour or so and have breakfast in my short dressing gown, usually while Kim was still in bed. Ian didn't say anything but would smile as he stole glimpses of my boobs and legs. I felt deliciously naughty, especially when I saw a bulge in his shorts. But that's all that was ever going to happen between us; wasn't it?
The 'gang' were a floating mix of nurses and staff from the hospital and a few assorted friends. Some weeks there could be nearly 20 in the group and other weeks only 6 depending on shifts and family commitments. Some of these girls, including Kim were absolutely wild and it took a very brave young lion to approach us; especially later in the evening when the heavy drinking was taking effect. By now I had realised that they were a very hedonistic crowd who lived for Friday night when 'anything goes.' I was still surprised at how much the normally reserved young nurses could drink, but I matched them glass for glass and their language could best be described as 'industrial' which I soon found to be very liberating when I started to swear like a trooper too. Without anyone saying anything I was also aware that a few girls took a pill or two and some openly snorted coke in the ladies room.
About a month before my 40th birthday I chose to wear a shorter than usual black skirt with some very fine 7 denier black tights; I still have good legs for a woman my age and several of my new admirers took great delight in telling me what a 'great arse' I have too, so I had started dressing accordingly. To complement it I wore a cream blouse with black lace around the low cut neck and cuffs. As it was quite see-thru I wore a spaghetti strap vest underneath.
While Kim was getting dressed Ian commented on how nice I looked and 'that it was a pity I was wearing a vest.' I blushed and looked away as Kim punched him in the arm for embarrassing me. She then turned to me and said; "He's right though, you would look much sexier without it."
"I'm not sure." I mumbled as I gulped down a mouthful of wine. Even though I was wearing a new sexy lace bra underneath I wasn't convinced that I was confident enough to go out showing the sexy bra and my chest off. "I'm a bit old for that sort of thing." I mumbled again.
"Rubbish!" Ian laughed; "you are as hot as any of Kim's friends....in fact, hotter than most."
"Ian!" Kim chided her husband and punched his arm again as I blushed. "Look, Cathy, take it off and I'll give you my honest opinion."
I looked at Ian who made no attempt to leave the doorway as I took my blouse and vest off. I could see them smiling to each other as I put the blouse back on.
"Fucking Hell, Cath!" Ian laughed and raised his glass in salute, "you look as hot as fuck."
Kim turned to face me as she pulled a tight white wool dress over her head.
"Wow." She grinned, "He's right, you do look hot." It was thus decided so that's how I would go out.
It was a smallish group this week with a couple of nurses that had been working joining us later on. After a couple of strong drinks I was soon very relaxed and my see thru blouse and large boobs certainly attracted a lot of male attention and I loved it. By the time we arrived at the club I'd actually 'tached' three guys and let a couple buy me a drink. One lad followed me around like a puppy in one bar until I took pity on him and let him kiss me; as he was quite young, gorgeous and very muscular, I don't know what I saw in him! It was a very powerful, erotic kiss....much sexier than usual, as our tongues twisted and twirled. I was giggling like a schoolgirl when I rejoined my friends.
Later in the evening when we were inside the club the girls went wild; dancing on the tables and openly cavorting with a wild variety of men; Kim included. I danced with a couple, and one young bodybuilder held me tight on the dance floor and squeezed my arse before running his hand up my skirt as he rubbed his face across my boobs......I did nothing to stop him because......I loved it!
I was very drunk at this stage but I still knew what he really wanted when he took me outside for a smoke. After weeks of struggling not to give in to temptation this sun tanned young lothario had me weak at the knees and I knew it was going to be a struggle to keep my knickers up.
As I puffed on my ciggy he kept licking my neck and ears and stroking my arse, telling me 'how sexy' I was and he had 'such a hard on just for me' and 'how much he'd always wanted to fuck a real MILF.' I was flattered by his candour and my chest was heaving as I stubbed out my cigarette and he took my wrist before pulling me into some shadows behind the industrial bins. It stunk but I was captivated as he kissed me again and stroked my boobs. I couldn't stop myself and began grinding against his crotch. I didn't even know his name as he began telling me how desperate he was to fuck me with his big cock.
"No, no." I mumbled as his hand slid up my skirt. "I can't; I'm married." I kept telling him as I kept my legs tightly closed. "No, please stop that.....I'm married." His hands were like an octopus as he lifted my skirt with one and tried to lift my blouse with the other.
"I don't give a flying fuck!" He softly growled as he quickly unbuckled his jeans, "I bet his fucking cock is nowhere near as big as this fucking baby maker!" He then took my hand and placed it on his hot cock.
"Bloody Hell!" I panted as I gripped it. "It's fucking massive!" I gasped as my fingers wrapped around the girth, "No, I really can't.....I'm on my period." I lied.
"Well, you're not fucking leaving me like this." He panted. "You better do something fucking quickly or I'll rip your knickers off and stuff it up your fucking arse."
Scared at the veiled threat and horny as hell I began wanking him properly. It really did feel enormous in my hand; and it was incredibly sexy tugging on a young strangers cock while I could hear voices only a few yards away.
"Fuck that's good." He panted as he eventually pulled my tits out of the bra and began mauling them and sucking my nipples while I tugged on his cock and my hand became a blur. It must have been 20 years since I'd last done anything like this and I felt really naughty as I cupped his wrinkled ball bag and gave it a little squeeze the returned to furiously stroking his cock between my fingers. The lad suddenly stood up straight and threw his head back as he grunted and a string of cum landed on my skirt followed by a second and a third as I kept wanking him. My heart was thundering and my legs weak as he began pulling his jeans up.
"Thanks Missus." He grinned as he tucked his shirt in, "I knew you'd fucking come through in the end." With that he turned and left me in the alley to pull myself together and wipe the spunk off my skirt. When I'd composed myself I slowly made my way back to the smoking area where Kim and Sarah were waiting for me.
As a group of young lads sniggered Kim laughed and gave me a little cuddle.
"Did you enjoy yourself down there?" She whispered as she handed me a cigarette.
I was a bit dazed and didn't know what to say so just smiled.
"I heard him tell his mate that it was the best wank he's had in months!" Sarah giggled and nudged Kim.
We finished our cigarettes before returning to Kim's house in a taxi. Ian was waiting for his wife and they repeated their antics from the previous week as I lay furiously masturbating while listening to their noisy fucking through the thin wall as I relived my own week moment in the alley, several times.
Kim had obviously told Ian about my indiscretion as he asked 'if I'd had a better than usual night' the following morning as I sat with him in the kitchen in my dressing gown. I felt my face go bright red and my nipples stiffen as I nodded and sipped my coffee.
"You might have guessed that she takes some satisfying." Ian smiled and raised his eyes to mean his wife, "So I don't mind her having a bit of fun on a night out. She can only guess at what I get up to on my nights with the band." He was grinning now and staring at my nipples. "As long as she comes home, I'm happy......I'm always happy to get sloppy seconds!" I blushed again and made my excuses before swivelling off the high chair; accidentally giving him another flash of my dark pubes (I really should wear panties when visiting friends).
By now Ian usually kissed me on the cheek as I left but this particular morning he got a good handful of my arse at the same time and I did nothing to stop him.
I drunkenly wanked a different young lad in the same alley the following week, letting him lift my skirt to spunk on my knickers and tights; which I smeared over my face in bed as I fingered myself to 3 more orgasms..
Because of my Birthday celebrations I had a couple of fun but sexually barren weeks until a month after my Birthday when I had an absolutely crazy night. I was in a particularly playful mood (can't think why) when I arrived at Kim's house in trousers and a t-shirt, with my 'going out clothes' in my bag.
I'd deliberately selected a black and silver bra that showed lots of cleavage and made my boobs nearly fell out as I stepped out of my jeans and revealed a matching tiny lace g-string. I then took out a black chiffon blouse followed by a shortish black pleated skirt and an expensive pair of wide holed fishnet tights.
But when I pulled my new knee high 'Adam Ant' boots out of the bag Ian let out a wolf-whistle.
"Easy there; tiger." Kim laughed; as she pulled her own sexy panties on; "let's just hope you can keep that image in your head for when I come home!"
We had another great night wandering from pub to pub; I even 'tached on' with 5 or 6 different guys who all fondled my arse and boobs, much to my delight. We eventually ended up at the usual club; where the doormen greeted us like Stars.
I felt like I was the centre of attention with a couple of young guys vying for my attention; until I was approached by a squat, tattooed muscleman. My heart was thumping and my chest heaving as he started dancing with me. He was a pretty nifty mover and we eventually chatted for a few minutes after he bought me a drink. With the loud music, conversation was at a minimum but I understood that he was supporting a friend at a body-building competition that was being held in town. He soon made me giggle by trying to put his hand up my skirt to see if I was wearing stockings then he suddenly kissed me full on the lips. I thought that I was going to feint. After kissing my mouth dry inside the club he made his intentions very clear when he followed me outside for a smoke. He repeated his previous actions by kissing my neck and ears while running his hands up my skirt; all the time whispering that he wanted me to go back to his hotel to fuck me.
I inhaled a final lungful of smoke; then took him by the wrist and lewd him down the alley and in between two large metal waste bins. He continued kissing my neck and ear then planted a smacker full on my lips. I responded in kind and we were soon tongue wrestling as he mauled my boobs. He now had a hand up the front of my skirt and was stroking my pubic area through my tiny panties and fishnet tights.
"I fucking love older women like you." He whispered, "They're as dirty as fuck and will fucking do anything for a cock like mine and you're getting all 7 inches right up your fucking chuff tonight."
"Come on." He laughed as he took hold of the waistband to my tights and knickers, "Get them off."
"Good girl." He cackled as I lifted my skirt and pulled my tights down to my knees. "That looks fucking luscious." He chuckled when he saw my trimmed pubes as he unfastened his jeans. When his cock flopped out it nearly took my breath away.
"Jesus! That's fucking huge!" I gasped. It was long and floppy and I couldn't see a single hair or even a hint of stubble on his balls or stomach.
"I know." The meathead laughed; "Now get the fucker hard enough to fuck you." He then buried his face in my cleavage and pushed his hand between my legs before sliding a big fat finger inside my slit. I gasped at the brute force he used to finger me; but kept my control as I drunkenly played with his cock. We stayed like this for a minute or two until he told me to suck him.
I bent forward and got the knob into my mouth as he pulled my tits out of my bra and began tugging my stiff nipples. It was proving difficult to suck his monster cock as he was only about 5 feet 4 and I'm 5 feet six before I put my heels on.
"Fuck it!" He panted and pulled my head off his cock by my hair. "Turn around and bend over."
I meekly obliged and clung onto some dirty iron bars covering a window on the building. He kicked my ankles as far apart as my tights would allow and roughly pulled my arse cheeks apart before running his knob along my sticky crack. Neither of us said a word, as his cock quickly found the opening to my cunt. My chest was heaving with anticipation as he tried to ease it in but kept missing the spot; so I slid my hand between my splayed legs and guided it to the intended target. The meathead then banged it in with one almighty thrust, pushing my forward until my face was against the bars.
I managed to get my hand back up to hold on as he fucked me ragged. I'd had a few boyfriends before getting married but none of them were hung like this boy; his cock filled my married cunt like nothing before and there was a raw savagery to his fucking. Every strong thrust made my tits wobble and jiggle and I could only grunt my appreciation as he fondled them.
"I bet you're fucking loving this, aren't you?" The boy rasped as his cock bashed against my cervix; "I bet that's your fucking husband watching over there....the fucking pervert!"
'Someone was watching?' Oh my God! I'd never given that a thought; but couldn't reply as my mouth was dry and I was having trouble concentrating on breathing.
"Go on mate!" A male voice shouted, "Give her one for me!" Then there was laughter from at least two people.
"You can have a go when I'm finished." The lad fucking me jokingly offered the stranger, while violently shaking my droopy boobs.
"No; you're alright mate." The stranger laughed; "It look like you've stretched it out of all recognition! Mine wouldn't touch the sides."
The boy was now rattling my cunt like a piston and had started slapping my arse too. I'd never had that done before and for some bizarre reason was enjoying the stinging sensation as his cock ploughed into me.
After what seemed an eternity he grabbed my swinging tits again and pulled his cock as deep inside me as possible; then gave three or four short hard thrusts until I felt the unmistakeable feeling of his warm spunk filling my unprotected cunt.
His hands were squeezing the life out of my wobbly boobs as he grunted and panted behind me. Eventually he sighed and let my aching boobs swing free as he stood up and unceremoniously pulled his long deflated cock out of my well fucked hole. By the time I stood up and turned to face him, he was already tucking his cock away. I was feeling a bit dizzy and my legs felt as if they would give way so I rested against the wall for a moment or two.
"Lift your skirt for me." He chuckled. Without a care in the world I did as he asked, facing him with my floppy boobs hanging out of my bra and my knickers and tights around my knees.
I snapped out of my daze when a flash of light went off. The cheeky bugger was taking photos of me in my bedraggled, well fucked state.
"Just a little something to remember you by." He chuckled as he gave my tits one last shake before going back to his mates.
My head was spinning as I tried to quickly fish my g-string out of my tights. I finally untangled them and drunkenly pulled them up; but they were twisted and the gusset was soon inside my sticky labia as I pulled my fishnet tights up as high as possible. My fingers were soon covered in the muscleman's excess spunk that was leaking out of my well drilled hole as I tried to adjust my knickers; but it was useless; so I just popped my sore boobs back into my bra and waddled back to the smoking area with my undies becoming even more uncomfortable as they got sucked into my soaking cunt. I soon found Kim and another girl chatting and smoking; and they grinned from ear to ear when they saw me.
"What's he done to you?" Kim laughed as she sat me down.
"I'm not sure." I grinned. "But it was fucking good!"
"Come on." She chuckled as they helped me to my feet, "let's get you home."
I was eventually bundled into the back of a Black taxi and Kim had to fasten my seat belt for me.
"All I can smell is spunk." She giggled as she leaned across my chest to attach the belt; which was proving a problem. "He must have unloaded a pint of the stuff looking at what's on your tits."
I must have smeared spunk on them when I'd rearranged my boobs in the alley.
As I have sat and half lay across the seat my legs were quite a way apart. Before I knew what was happening Kim was stroking my spunk filled pussy. The holes in my fishnets were so large and my g-string so small there was nothing to stop her touching my inflamed labia.
"Fucking hell!" She whispered as her fingers parted the flaps and pushed my knickers even deeper inside my cunt, "I think there is a fucking pint of gunk up there."
I was so drunk I couldn't do anything to stop her.....even if I'd wanted to.
"Are you going to let me lick it out when we get home?" My female friend whispered as her fingers bypassed the satin material and began sliding in and out of my stretched cunt.
I didn't know what to say.
As the taxi stopped at traffic lights she pulled her fingers out and began licking the spunk off them, before offering them to me. I meekly opened my lips and let her push the spunk covered fingers inside for me to eagerly suck. With a twinkle in her eyes she repeated this three times before the taxi stopped outside her house.
The taxi driver shot out of the can and opened the door for us as Kim unbuckled the belt.
"Are you getting a good look?" I heard her laugh as she paid the driver.
"That's better than a tip." He laughed as I stumbled out of the car.
Kim led me up the garden path and unlocked the door before virtually pushing me inside.
The bright lights made me blink as I tried to focus.
"Guess who got a good fucking in a back alley?" I heard her tell Ian.
I couldn't make sense of what was happening as Kim led me by the hand and pushed me backwards onto the sofa.
"No." She told him, "I reckon there must be a pint of cum inside her." Then there was laughter before I realised that Kim was kneeling on the floor and pulling my legs apart. "Look at it." She giggled as her hands stroked my pussy and her thumbs pulled my labia apart to show him my panties buried deep inside.
"You did say you thought she was a dirty mare." Ian cackled as Kim began kissing me between the legs.
Kim deftly pulled my panties out of my cunt and held them to one side as her tongue flashed across and inside my tender hole. I was soon having an out of body experience as she slid a finger or two inside and began 'humming' as she licked me from clit to arsehole through my fishnets. Her tongue made me feel like I was getting a series of mini-electric shocks as she licked the tight flesh in between my holes.
I was humming too as I stroked my boobs in time to her dirty work between my legs. After a couple of minutes Ian replaced my hands with his as he pulled my blouse off my shoulders and unclipped my bra to free my sticky titties.
None of us said a word as Kim continued licking the muscleman's cum out of my throbbing cunt; just as she'd promised and her husband caressed my big titties. Kim was so good I was soon tingling from my toes to my head and an orgasm was soon to follow. When it did come I began shaking uncontrollably and screaming as Kim dug her fingers deep inside my twat pressing down on the membrane that separates the two holes and frantically sucked my sensitive clitty while Ian continued mauling my tits.
Satisfied with her work Kim stood up and passionately kissed her husband; sticking her second hand spunk covered tongue deep inside his mouth as I lay shivering on the sofa. The couple then undressed each other before returning to me and pulling my clothes off too. Still in the afterglow of that amazing orgasm and being stupidly drunk of course; I did nothing to stop them. In fact I even lifted my arse and twisted my hips to let Kim pull my tights off.
She kneeled between my legs again and lifted them onto her shoulders and buried her face hard against my cunt again, and made her tongue dart in and out of my hole as Ian stepped onto the sofa and straddled my chest as he pulled on his cock. It was nowhere as big as the muscleman's and looked a bit like a Greggs sausage roll but it was a cock and it was hard and it was in front of my face.
I eagerly opened my mouth as Ian cupped the back of my head and pulled it forward until his cock was all in my mouth. I immediately began sucking and rolling my tongue around the slim shaft as he bucked his hips and tugged on my nipples.
Kims tongue was now gliding around my bum hole and her nose flicking over my clit and slippery hole......I was getting so turned on I nearly started chewing Ian's cock! Realising that her licking was getting me going again Kim slightly changed position until one of her fingers joined her swirling tongue at the entrance to my arse hole. At first she tickled the puckered skin as her tongue slightly probed the elasticity then as I wriggled and pulled Ian's cock completely into my mouth she tentatively slid her finger tip into my hole. When I offered no resistance she slid her finger all the way and began wiggling it as she sucked on my clitty. Every nerve in my body was tingling as Kim slowly withdrew her finger back to the edge of my hole then shoved it back in and again and again and again.
Ian was looking down at his wife as he frantically fucked my mouth. The sight of his wife fingering my arse as she licked spunk out my cunt tipped him over the edge and I felt a sudden jerk before he spurted his cum into my mouth. Hubby had tried to cum in my mouth a couple of years ago but I'd always resisted .....I don't know why because it felt fucking awesome splashing against the roof of my mouth and running down my throat; but then again I'd never been licked out and had my arse fingered by another woman before!
After he'd unloaded in my mouth and I'd drained the last few drops Ian stepped to one side.
"Do you want to get her on here?" He panted.
Kim stopped licking me but kept her finger wiggling inside my arse as she thought for a moment.
"Yes; that's a good idea. Go get some toys." She commanded her husband who stepped off the sofa and ran upstairs.
Kim then manoeuvred my legs onto the sofa and lay on top of me with her knees either side of my face, never having done this before I obliged by spreading my legs for her. My friend immediately went back to licking my cunt and slid a finger into each hole which made me take a deep breath. I wasn't sure what to do but presumed Kim wanted me to reciprocate in some way so I raised my arm and began stroking her pussy. It was red hot and absolutely soaking wet; in fact some was dripping out onto my chest.
It felt weird stroking another woman's vagina but Kim's administrations and fingering at the other end meant I was now capable of anything.
Kim began humming again as she licked my clit driving me wild; Making me accidentally slide my finger into her wet pussy. Kim then set about devouring my cunt and arsehole with her tongue and lips. Then without warning she forced her hips down until her hot cunt was next to my mouth -- I knew what was expected of me and tentatively licked her labia; but she pressed down harder and her whole cunt was across my mouth and nose. It tasted odd; like nothing I'd tasted before and certainly not unpleasant so I began licking her hot flesh and sucking in her pussy juice.
I was in a world of my own and hardly noticed it when she pulled her fingers out of my cunt and arse but.....WOW....I knew all about it when she shoved a big dildo into my vagina! My knees immediately jerked back; as I tried to accommodate God knows how many inches of cold plastic while Kim never stopped licking me at any time; much to my amazement and absolute pleasure.
Her cunt got even wetter as I gripped her tight arse cheeks and remembered what she'd dome earlier to make me so horny so I started licking her from her wet cunt to her own puckered arsehole. It was only as my tongue ran across the tight folds of skin that I realised what I was doing; but it was too late as I was in sexual Heaven.
Kim was now fucking my ragged with the dildo as she sucked my clit giving me numerous tiny orgasms one after the other.
Feeling brave I slid a finger back into her cunt as I licked her arse then; without thinking I moved my other arm until I could stroke her arsehole with my other hand then poked and prodded until my finger eased past her tight anus and I fingered another woman's arse and cunt at the same time as I licked her clitoris.
By now my legs were curled underneath Kim's arms as she kept ramming the dildo deep into my vagina.
I was too engrossed licking and fingering her to notice that Ian had took hold of my ankles and was now prodding his cock against my bum hole. There was so much excess spunk and pussy juice down there Ian needed no lubrication as he easily slid his five incher straight into my arse. I had to stop licking Kim to let out a gasp and a "Fucking Hell!" But Kim immediately pressed her cunt back down onto my face and began wriggling.
Many of the girls had talked about getting bummed off boyfriends but I'd always found it distasteful, so hadn't said anything. But having Ian's small cock in my arse was absolutely fucking amazing; so much so I promised myself that I was going to do it again at the earliest opportunity; with or without my husband.
Soon we were sucking fucking and licking in unison, without a care in the world. I was shaking with excitement as Ian fucked my arse and Kim licked and fingered my soaking wet cunt. Her own cunt was absolutely delicious as I lapped up as much sticky juice as possible.
After a couple of minutes Kim stopped her licking and Ian unceremoniously slid his cock out of my stinging arse. The next thing I knew was he was grunting and Kim was gurgling as the dirty bastard shot his load all over his wife's face. Seconds later Kim swivelled around until she was facing me and let her husband's spunk spill onto my face. With an evil grin she then began kissing me and licking it back off. Slightly shocked I lay as still as possible but found that I was stroking my tingling arse hole and rubbing my clit at the same time. It didn't take long for yet another gorgeous orgasm to ripple through my middle-aged body as Kim gently planted spunky kisses on my lips until we lay in a crumpled heap.
By now I was drifting in and out of sleep; so they decided that we should all go to bed. We did; but I got into the marital bed with them.