"Hi, I'd like to give a blowjob please," Kristi said, smiling pleasantly, putting her purse down.
Kristi was a pretty woman of 28 with clear, blue eyes and bright blonde hair, which was done up in a sassy pineapple bun this afternoon. She still wore a short black skirt and sheer white blouse from work,; she had rushed over without changing. She crossed her legs and folded her hands on her lap, expectantly.
"Very good, ma'am. Would you like to blow White Meat or Dark Meat this afternoon?" the waiter asked politely, opening a tidy silver writing-pad.
Kristi was in Nikki's Blowjob Café in downtown Providence, and really wanted to give a good blowjob and maybe swallow a nice hot load. She'd had a long, boring week and the concierge at the Marriott recommended Nikki's for *really* big cocks and prompt, attentive service.
Kristi tilted her head to the side thoughtfully. "I'll suck black cock today! I haven't given a BJ to a black man for a really long time. Probably since college!" She blushed a little.
"Would you like the penis to be large, or extra-large? There is an additional charge of 15 dollars to suck an extra-large penis before happy-hour at 5...?"
"Hmmm. Ha! How big is the extra-large?" Kristi giggled. "I'll take it! I want to suck the biggest dick you've got!"
"Excellent choice, ma'am. We have a waiter who can provide just that, and he hasn't been blown yet today. You will be his first blowjob. Would you like your throat stuffed manually, or would you like to give an unassisted blowjob in which the server will just allow you to blow him at your own pace?"
Kristi browsed the menu, briefly, looking at the various blowjob options, illustrated by small pictures and descriptions...pretty models sucking well-hung men off, with various cock-styles to suck. There was a Triple Blowjob Special under "BJ Extravaganzas" where she could blow three cocks simultaneously for a significant discount if she had a Cocksucker's Card; which she did not. She wasn't looking for a group-suck-off blow-bang today, anyway.
"I'll do all the sucking, blowing, and jacking-off, thanks. I really want to give a hands-on, slobbery bee-jay." She snapped her menu shut.
The waiter jovially picked up her menu and squared it with the others he held primly.
"Would you like to suck the penis sitting or kneeling? Today's penis will be quite large, so your comfort level when giving the BJ is important."
"I'll blow him on my knees, thanks. Better access to the ball sack," Kristi chirped, with a cute snort.
"Yes, ma'am, it's true. Very well, then! One extra-large order of Dark Meat to be sucked to completion on your knees. Anything else this afternoon? A swallow of semen perhaps, while you wait?"
Kristi thought that sounded like a smashing idea. "Yes! I would like that. I'll have one load of cum to swallow before my Dark Meat arrives, thank you."
"Certainly. One load of cum." The waiter scribbled pertly in his pad, with a small flourish. He then flipped it shut, and stood up very straight. "Your appetizer of fresh-shot cum will be right over, shortly. Enjoy! You may remove your shoes, if you like."
"Oh!" Kristi piped. "May I please have a glass of water with lemon, as well?"
"Of course." The waiter bowed, and returned momentarily with iced water.
"Enjoy giving your blowjob."
"Thank you! I'm looking forward to it." Kristi smiled. She kicked off her shoes and enjoyed the soft, plush square of carpet that was under her table. She kneaded her toes into it slowly.
"High-quality stuff," she noticed.
The waiter bowed and briskly walked to the front of the café, leaving Kristi free to look about the commodious dining area, sipping her water distractedly.
A waiter sat at the table behind her, moaning steadily, as a sloppy-mouthed mother-of-two bobbed her head up and down on his generous, curved blow-staff. The blowjob she was performing was loud and full of wet "Sluuuuuuuuuurp-urp-urppp" sound effects and Kristi wondered if her husband didn't probably get the greediest, wettest blowjobs imaginable.
"That chick loves sucking her waiter's cock, she is going to pop his balls inside out with how hard she's sucking and blowing that cock-pop! You blow, girl!" thought Kristi, in a horny near-delirium. She was giggling to herself.
She noticed with amusement a very realistic, large painting off to her right of a nude raven-haired woman kneeling under a horse, sucking his penis.
"Freakin' weird! A horse getting a blowjob?!" Kristi chuckled softly to herself. She was smiling.
"Actually, I'd probably almost suck horse cock right now, I'm so raring to give a BJ! What's that like, blowing horse cock, I wonder? Do most chicks swallow when they suck out the ball-spunk from a horse? I'm not sure about giving cum-swallowing BJs to a horse, really...but, maybe I'd be talked into sucking a fat horse cock, haha! I dunno-"
She thought it was funny that the horse had such a pleasant expression on his face in the painting, being blown by a member of another species.
She could hear the steady murmur of women ordering blowjobs and requesting cum-shots and loads to swallow. The words "cock," "suck," "throat job," "bee-jay," " big penis," "blowjob" and "swallow" seemed to be mentioned continuously, all across the dining area as Kristi panned the room with her ears. It sounded like an X-rated audio reel to her. She counted at least 15 blowjobs being given, the café was filled with sucking and smacking noises, women moaning with meat in their mouths, and waiters reviewing blowjob options on the menu for new customers. One table had a couple of women, sharing both cock and balls, one sucking hungrily on the ball sack while the other fellated the server's meat. They were practically -gobbling- his cock and balls down. A chair fell over. Double-blowjobs were only 5 dollars more than one-on-one BJs were. There were at least 5 more women seated in the waiting room, waiting for their hand-held buzzers to go off, signaling it was their turn to order meat to blow, and cum to swallow.
"There are a lot of women here to suck cock! This place is almost packed. Do they have enough cocks for this many women to suck? It's like a blowjob factory in here!"
She noticed a bubbly group of 3 young girls, probably around 18 or 19, two tables in front of her squawking noisily as their order arrived. One of them had completely undressed except for her panties.
Their waiter smiled as his fat, swollen penis flopped out of his trousers.
"Ooo, nice fat cock!" Kristi licked her lips, observing tacitly.
"I want to blow him first!" The nearly-naked girl shrieked excitedly, plopping on her knees in front of him. She stuffed her hair quickly into a funky pony-tail.
"Greedy little cocksucker, isn't she!" Kristi giggled.
"I wonder if she's any good?" She sipped her water, interested.
"Ashley you always hog all the BJs! Let me suck it for more than 5 seconds, for once!" Her indignant friend slapped her hand playfully off the waiter's scrotum, where "Ashley" was tugging heartily on his ball sack in a pre-blowjob warm-up.
The third friend was looking up at the waiter, smiling, while her friend Ashley hungrily bobbed her head up and down on his erect meatpole, slurping contentedly.
"What a slut! She's sucks a lot of dick, definitely." Kristi was impressed with her prowess at giving blowjobs, being so young.
"Girls suck so much cock these days, I needta catch up!"
Kristi had only blown a handful of boys in her freshman year of college, usually giving a sloppy, drunken blowjob to a boy she'd met at a party or a dance club. She gave a double-blowjob once, with her friend Melissa, on a dare on graduation night to the limo driver. He couldn't believe his luck, getting a barefoot, sloppy double-blowjob from his two adorable clients, formal dresses hiked up to reveal their smooth, supple buttocks and legs. Fun stuff!
"Ma'am?"
Kristi was startled out of her daydream. She noticed she had been getting hot and wet between her legs.
"Oh! Yes?" She looked up at the waiter who was patiently standing by her table. He picked up her wine glass.
"Would you like to swallow a load of cum, now?" He unzipped his fly and pulled out a thick, blunt penis. The balls were swollen and tight.
"Yes, please! Load it up!" Kristi leaned forward, looking intently at his straight, round cock. She was staring.
"How do these guys all have such big cocks? I could blow here every day! I probably can't suck his cock because it's just an appetizer," she thought privately.
The waiter smiled and started stroking his large penis steadily, aiming the glans of his cock towards the mouth of the wineglass.
"You have a really nice cock. How many blowjobs do you usually get a day, working here?" Kristi asked, curious.
"I usually have my penis sucked by at least 6 to 7 customers a day. I usually ejaculate 9 to 10 times a day on Friday and Saturday nights. There is a good deal of conditioning involved, to be capable of such frequent ejaculation."
"Do customers usually swallow?"
"Yes, always. Cum-swallowing blowjobs are our specialty, here. The servers are all required to drink a special, highly-concentrated fruit juice several times a day to ensure sweet, pleasant-tasting semen for our customers to swallow at the conclusion of each BJ. It's not uncommon a couple times a week to have several customers swallow 10 or more loads in one visit, combining cum-swallowing blowjobs with cum-shots."
"Awesome! I'm looking forward to your load, then." Kristi wiggled her nose at him.
"This is, of course, just an appetizer, though. Here it comes."
The waiter tugged sternly on his cock, grunting conservatively, shooting a thick, ropey jet of semen into Kristi's wine glass. The cum pumped out in short, staccato bursts. Kristi was impressed with the amount and consistency. It was a generous load.
"Ooo! Thick cum. I wish I could have helped you coax it out!" Kristi laughed, coyly.
"Please...swallow." The waiter motioned toward her cum-filled wineglass and folded his hands behind his back, his semi-engorged cock still hanging out of his slacks, growing limp.
Kristi knocked back the whole load of cum, relishing it's salty-sweet taste as she slushed it briefly around her mouth, and swallowed with one big "Gulp!" The load was thick.
"Wow! You weren't kidding about that concentrated juice-drinking thing. That was really sweet cum. I'm going to request to swallow yours again next time."
"I'm flattered, ma'am. But all our servers' cum here tastes just as delicious. It's a regime!" The waiter chuckled.
"No wonder you get paid to get blown and shoot cum! I certainly don't mind paying to swallow your nut-butter! It's really good. Thank you."
"My pleasure. My name is Nick. Enjoy your main course, when it arrives in a few minutes."
"I am so ready to suck cock! I'm here on business from Portland and I haven't blown a guy in like 2 weeks...can you believe it?"
"You don't have blowjob bars and cafes in Portland?" The waiter looked surprised.
"No, if I want to suck dick I have to go to a club and find a guy who wants a quick BJ in the bathroom or the parking lot. It's kinda tiring because I'm busy a lot with work. I'm with the marketing team for the new energy/supplement drink called Hero's Hummer (funny, huh!) so there's lots of late meetings, recently. Plus cops don't like girls sucking dicks in parking lots and cars, so it's always, like, a fast, furtive blowjob instead of a sloppy, deep, dirty-talking blow-jay. A blowjob should really be a complete, thorough act, you know?"
"Oh, you like to talk dirty while you give a blowjob?"
"I love it. I'm a dirty-talking, dick-sucking, cum-swallowing, blowjob slut!" Kristi laughed and made a giving-a-blowjob gesture with her hand and mouth, bugging her eyes out while sucking the imaginary penis.
"We are delighted to have you here. While you're blowing your waiter, please feel free to talk as dirty as you like. He'll enjoy it, I'm sure."
The young girls who were squabbling over sucking their waiter's oversized penis were working it to near-ejaculation, now.
"I'm gonna swallow the cum this time, okay?" the slightly demure, aloof-looking girl half-demanded. She noisily popped the waiter's slick and swollen cock out of her mouth, playing with herself unashamedly with a hand down the front of her shorts. Her eye-liner was a little smudged and she had saliva all over her lips and chin; hers and her friends' spit. She had his balls cupped tightly.
"Those girls can really blow a big meat-stick! Wow!" Kristi exclaimed.
"We get lots of young girls requesting group-blowjobs here during the weekdays. I think they feel more comfortable, blowing in a group. They always fight over who swallows the ejaculate, every time. Especially on return visits, when they know what to expect. We have very good semen here."
"I can vouch for that! I'll have some more!" Kristi clapped playfully. She watched the young girls help their friend jerk out a sizeable load onto her expectant tongue. She could hear the girl moaning softly as milky cum shot into her wide-open mouth.
"Your server will be right out with your order of extra-large Dark Meat." Her waiter seemed to suddenly realize he'd been making small-talk for 2 or 3 minutes now, and had other customers waiting. He zipped back up and re-tucked his shirt, checking his cuff-links.
"I'll be getting back to my other two tables, it was a pleasure talking with you, ma'am. Have a great afternoon." He adjusted his bow-tie.
"Oh, yeah! Other girls wanna suck your cock! Places to go, mouths to cum in...thanks! Bye!" Kristi took a deep breath and sat up straight.
Her waiter whisked away, to a table across the café on the other side, where a business woman who looked to be in her late-30's was just getting on her knees, unbuttoning her blouse. She had a small white sign at her table that said "Throat Job" - Kristi assumed she wanted to give a balls-deep blowjob.
"Good luck swallowing that sword!" Kristi thought. Waiter Nick's cock was uber-thick.
It had just barely been 10 minutes since she placed her blowjob order, but she felt like it was taking forever (!!)
"I wish I had my own dick, Kristi giggled to herself. I'd just stay home and suck it all day. Do guys do that a lot? Suck their own cocks? I'll bet these guys who work here could. They are all hung like farm animals. They could blow themselves completely dry without even doing warm-up stretches if they wanted."
Kristi could taste a remnant of the salty-sweet load she'd just swallowed on her lower lip.
"That was like the best cum I've ever swallowed...I think. Freakin' good, wow. Portland needs BJ bars...what a fuckin' rip-off we don't have any!"
She glanced impatiently around the café again, the young girls had sucked their penis dry twice, it appeared, and were gathering their book bags and phones up.
"Ashley, how do you suck cock all the way down to the balls like that? You give really freaky deep-throat blowjobs. You gotta teach me!" The short-haired blonde one demanded, checking her face for cum and spit in her compact.
"For my birthday this year, my mom had her boyfriend, who's like a professional blowjob instructor at RIT, teach me how to properly suck cock, give throat jobs, swallow...everything. We practiced about two hours a day for a couple weeks. I got to do some serious dick-sucking and it paid off, big time! Sooo dope."
"Your mom got you a professional BJ instructor? Why didn't you tell us?! I sooo want to have him teach me to suck cock correctly! I'm going to ask for one for graduation. Maybe we could have a BJ Party! You said your dad has a big dick. Does your mom let your dad get his dick sucked by your friends? Would he want a blowjob?" The cute blonde girl flipped her hair, pouting.
"I don't like to advertise that I was, like, formerly trained to give blowjobs. But if you want, I can get Brian's number from my mom. He's an amazing dick-sucking instructor. I am totally a BJ Queen now, because of all the cock-sucking lessons. *So* worth it. Like, I just blow my Business/Marketing teacher now, so I don't have to do homework or take tests, or anything. He's like, obsessed with getting his dick sucked. I suck cock for A's in school, ha!"
"You are such a BJ slut! Whore!" The girls all tittered loudly, chipping in for the tip, in cash.
"I didn't even know there were blowjob instructors on the East Coast, Kristi thought bemusedly. Lucky chicks. Get to suck dick instead of baby-sitting. That's the way to spend college, right there. Blowing meat and swallowing loads."
Kristi heard the customer behind her, who had just presently arrived, place her order. She was a girl of about 19/20 or so, who looked like another student taking a study break, possibly. She was a taller girl, with good posture and healthy skin.
"I'd just like a big ball sack to suck on. Do you have a server who likes his balls sucked, relatively hard? I'd like to give a ball-sucking blowjob."
"Mmmm, a big ball sack to suck. That sounds really good right now," Kristi mused.
Another woman who was within ear-shot asked for a server who would urinate in her mouth, so she could swallow it before performing a deep-throat blowjob on him.
"I hadn't thought of that! Swallowing piss...then blowing cock and swallowing cum. Yay!"
Kristi felt a tingle between her legs, and shifted in her chair. She averted her attention to a nifty sculpture at the portico of the café, where two customers who hadn't spoken to the host at the booth yet were ogling the sculpture's over-sized donkey-cock, One got down on her knees, sat on her butt, and wrapped both hands around the ceramic cock.
"I've never sucked a cock this big before, have you?" She asked her friend with wonder, who's hand was over her mouth in astonishment at the possibility that such a large appendage could actually be procured and sucked inside the café.
"It says on this plaque that there are at least two servers at all times in this BJ café who have a penis that large. Let's get one of those! I want to blow, like, a King-Kong sized cock this afternoon, it's only like 10 or 15 dollars more expensive!" She plunged her hand in her purse, distracted, to answer her cell phone as her friend continued to stroke the ceramic cock, wide-eyed in consideration of such a mouth-watering blowjob. The woman on the phone chatted to the caller eagerly about "The big dick we're going to suck at Nikki's."
"Miss? Your order is ready."
Kristi snapped out of he eavesdropping and looked up, delighted.
"Hi! Am I going to be blowing you?" Her eyes sparkled expectantly.
"Yes ma'am! One extra-large serving of Dark Meat, sucked to completion and balls drained in-mouth, as you requested." The waiter straightened his bow-tie. He was a fit, handsome black man of medium height, with a trim goatee and one diamond earring. He wore black slacks and a grey shirt, all the buttons in a straight row. His teeth were a smiling white. He had his hands folded behind his back, and he cleared his throat.
"You may begin the blowjob whenever you're ready!" He winked at her and nodded towards to pillow he had placed on her table.
"You have no idea how much I've been craving a big black cock-sucking for the last couple weeks. I'm going to suck your dick completely dry, if you don't mind!" Kristi laughed as she dropped the pillow on the floor and slipped off her blouse, hiking her skirt up to just over the bottom swell of her buttocks. She got down on her knees and flipped back her hair, looking up.
"So, this is your first blowjob today?" Kristi squeezed the enormous lump in his pants, licking her lips.
"Whoa, this cock is fat and long. I am in for a throat-stuffing, definitely. Super BJ...away!" She thought, feeling a zing of adrenaline. Kristi was comically excited with herself, and with her blow-toy she had chosen.
"Yes, I haven't been in any other customer's mouths today. Please enjoy swallowing my first load. It's going to be a big one." He smiled again. "One more thing, if this is your first time at Nikki's Blowjob Café, when you've finished sucking the penis and swallowing the semen, you may clean it with your mouth and suck it dry as much as you'd like, but when you've finished, please leave the pillow and any mess of saliva that was made during the blowjob, we will gladly clean up after you. Sloppy, wet blowjobs are encouraged. The staff greatly appreciates an enthusiastic cock-sucking to completion. Please, proceed."
"Ha! You're in luck, then. I give really sloppy, dirty-talking blowjobs. I hope you like getting your cock sucked by a filthy-talking blowjob slut!"
"Yes, ma'am." He chuckled at her forthright admission.
Kristi snuggled up to her server's legs a little more, scooching the soft cushion a bit forward, and sat down on her heels. Her bare bottom was popping out under her hiked-up black skirt and the black waiter admired her large, round buttocks as she stretched herself out to give him a better view of her body. One breast had nearly popped out of her meshed, black bra.
"No underwear?" He inquired, lifting an eyebrow.
"Nope! I knew I'd be sucking big dick(s) by 3 pm today, and I get hot, sucking cock without panties!" Kristi unzipped his pants and firmly grasped his engorged blow-toy.
"This blow-toy is gonna get blown sooo hard. Blow blow blow your boat! What a throat-stuffer. This is gonna be an intense cock-blow, here, girlie." Kristi was rapping to herself, charged.
She gingerly pulled the balls out with her other hand, chuckling at the weight and girth of both cock and balls.
She swallowed his oversized black cock down to the base with an easy "Schluppp!" immediately, before he had achieved a full erection. Kristi pumped his black meat steadily, only withdrawing an inch or two of cock from her throat before stuffing it back down to the balls again. The waiter's scrotum slapped lazily on her chin.
"It's been awhile since I've had an authentic deep-throat blowjob. You're pretty good!" He grinned down at her, relaxing his arms at his side.
Kristi retracted his now sloppy-wet cock from her throat and confided,
"I've probably blown about 150 guys or so...?" She began slurping on the fat cock-head again, gently tugging the balls as she sucked his penis contentedly.
"That makes me # 151, then!"
Kristi popped the stiff black meat out of her mouth with audible "Schloppp!"
"I'd suck this cock exclusively, if I had the choice. This is such a big, fat black cock. I'm really enjoying sucking this dick. Is your dick getting sucked to your licking? Am I blowing it properly for you?"
"There's that dirty-talking blowjob thing you mentioned. Yes, I'm enjoying getting my meat blown by such a pretty woman, very much. You really are quite attractive. I wouldn't think you'd have much trouble sucking as much cock as you pleased, at the office."
He really did admire this girl's pretty white ass, that popped out so cutely from under her pulled-up skirt. She had a very pretty face as well. Her server was really enjoying his blowjob. She was such a cute, enthusiastic cocksucker.
"This bitch loves blowing black cock...she's a fiend! This this the joint, right here. Yeahhhhh baby, all the way down. Look how she swallows those balls. She's gargling them both..." The waiter was paying attention, blinking.
"I've blown most of the guys on my presentation team, it's been fun. We had, what you would call a "Blowjob Orgy," I guess.
Kristi continued slurping and sucking the large black cock gleefully, while relating the details of a spontaneous blow-bang she and 4 male co-workers had about 3 weeks ago (Was that the last time she'd sucked dick? She couldn't remember...) in the small break room at her office building back in Portland.
"I asked each of them to stay after work on a Friday last month for a "surprise" and then just bluntly asked them if they wanted 4 really good blowjobs, all right in a row. Strictly confidential BJs, of course."
She swirled her tongue wetly around her waiter's near plum-sized balls.
"Of course."
"I sucked each of their cocks and swallowed all 4 loads, didn't even take a half-an-hour. Took a lot of work to get them all to meet at a specific time, though. I was worried they'd kinda freak about getting their dicks sucked in front of each other, too. Or that they'd all talk to each other beforehand, increasing the apprehension about the whole blow-bang."
She swallowed his whole black ball sack, and sucked it aggressively, making loud "Sokkk, sokkk, sokkk" noises while she blew his balls.
"But, as I've learned, all men love a good dick-sucking. A BJ is just way too good to pass up for most guys. The last guy who I blew in the group BJ told me his wife used to suck dick like a complete blowjob slut hooker, but won't even discuss giving a BJ now. I told him I'd blow him once a week (and swallow, of course) if he'd buy me take-out from any restaurant of my choosing once a week. Not a bad deal! A good, deep blowjob in exchange for a quick lunch! He's getting blown properly, now."
"I am too! Whew!" her waiter squeaked, his over-ample cock stuffed far down this sweet blonde girl's throat. She was kneading and slurping it deep down to the balls, torturously.
"Ma'am, I'm going to cum in your mouth, shortly. Please get ready to swallow. It's quite a load." Her server breathed deeply and spread his legs slightly.
Kristi winked up at him, her eyes watering, and switched exclusively to deep-throating his meat, down to the balls and back, to the balls and back, to the balls and back, feeling her throat expand with his foot-long meat stuffing her well-trained mouth and throat. His low-hanging balls smacked wetly against her chin, making a familiar "I'm gonna blow my load in your mouth" sound to Kristi, who had spent so much time in her life on her knees, swallowing cum.
"This is hands-down the biggest cock I've ever blown. This dick needs two blowjobs just to get sucked correctly, it's so huge! Humungo blow-pop!" Kristi thought in a manic rush of glee. She felt his cock stiffen completely. She shoved the whole thing down her throat, the head of the cock lodged so deeply in her throat, her eyes squirted.
"Mmmmmmmmm." The waiter pumped a fat, warm load of cum directly down her throat and Kristi continued to swallow/suck the seed out of his prostate and balls. She was draining his jumbo cock, relishing the warm pumps of cum, consuming his big meat and cum load in one continuous, swallowing motion. She gazed up at the man she was blowing, ass stuck out and tits bobbling prettily. He pumped several smaller jets of cum down her throat, staring at her adorable white ass as this pretty woman swallowed his cum, almost lovingly. Her head bobbed steadily up and down, slurping, sucking. A few customer's were watching Kristi swallow his cock and cum, as they waited for their orders to arrive.
"That was a really good blowjob, Vanessa, did you see that?"
"Look how big that black cock is she just blew. How did she get that huge thing down her throat? It's so thick. I'm, like, salivating..."
"I want to suck *his* penis."
"That's the best blowjob I've ever seen, I think. Did she swallow? Are they done?"
"Wow, suck that cock girl! His dick got -sucked dry- What a blowjob..."
"I'll bet even in here, he doesn't get BJs like that everyday..."
"She just blew him to the balls! Did you see that? That thing's huuuuuge..."
"My husband's not gonna believe it when I tell him..."
"I could hear his dick being sucked all the way over here..."
Kristi could hear the compliments only peripherally as she swallowed cum and cock and finished blowing her big Dark Meat order. Her server was glassy-eyed and smiling. She continued to clean and squeeze the head of his fat blow-wand, rolling his balls around playfully. She sucked the last few drops of cum from the cock-head with loud lapping noises of her lips and tongue.
"Thank you for a most thorough blowjob, ma'am."
"It was my pleasure blowing you! You deserve to get this big dick sucked as often as possible, it's quite a piece of equipment..."
"Oh," her server chuckled humbly, "I get plenty of blowjobs. Just not BJs like the one you just gave me. You are truly an accomplished cock-sucker." He gave her a small salute and shook the hand that wasn't cradling his ball sack.
"Thank you, #151! That means a lot, coming from a gentleman who receives so many varied and enthusiastic blowjobs from so many women eager to suck cock. I'll remember you said so."
Kristi got up off her knees and wiped her mouth. She pulled her skirt back down over her round, bare buttocks and slipped her blouse back on. The other female clientele in the café were busy placing orders for blowjobs, sucking-off their waiters, and talking excitedly on cell-phones while the sound of penis being sucked and balls being slurped on filled the afternoon air. One middle-aged woman was sucking an impressively long penis while talking on the phone, giving the listener a sloppy BJ to listen to.
Nikki's BJ Café was abuzz with blowjob-eager women, just stopping in to give a quick BJ, swallow a few shots of cum, or occasionally staying a good 2 or 3 hours, blowing numerous waiters and discussing cock-blowing techniques with other patrons. Plenty of dick was being sucked, and in fact, Nikki, the proprietor, was sucking the head waiter's cock by the picture window while explaining simultaneous deep-throat ball-licking to a café-goer who hadn't made up her mind what kind of blowjob to order. Passers-by admired her face, full of the waiter's big Spanish cock, while wives and girlfriends walking aside them gave disapproving glances and "tsks," secretly admiring such an amazing blowjob-accomplishment, themselves.
Kristi paid her bill happily, perfuntorily checked her make-up and hair in the full-length mirror, and exited the café, into the cheerful afternoon light. She hailed a cab with ease to take her back to the Marriott. She would make sure to tell the concierge what a wonderful time she had, sucking cock at Nikki's. She wasn't kidding when she said they really know how to serve a "blowjob and a swallow" there. She'd had a terrific time, swallowing two loads of cum, and sucking an over-sized black dong. She was pleasantly worn out from all the dick-sucking, and would go back and take a nap, maybe use her vibrator.
As she slid into the back of the cap and put on her safety belt, she gave the driver instructions. She looked out the window at the people milling on the sidewalk, pedestrians and cyclists, and smiled to herself.
"Excuse me, miss?" The cabbie interjected mildly.
"I noticed you smiling to yourself. Did you have a good day?"
Kristi gave a big smile to the driver and said, "I sure did! I just sucked the biggest dick of my life today, and I'm going back tomorrow to blow another one, even bigger! ...Will you accept a swallowing blowjob, for cab-fare?"
-The End-