Son's Perspective: Naked Office Selfies
The whole thing started when our law firm was expanding. My mother is a partner at this firm and she hired me after I graduated from law school. I helped write case briefs and do legal research, but eventually I was also involved with hiring new employees.
As mom put it,"It's going to be hectic around here and I really need your help. I'm going to give you access to my office email and we'll be working closely together. Think of this as a promotion."
She gave me her email password and she'd leave her phone on her desk whenever she had a meeting. We shared the same office space, so trading information was easy.
One day, mom notified me of a job applicant she wanted me to look at; a former Assistant District Attorney who later became a corporate lawyer. This person had a wealth of knowledge when it came to dealing with government bureaucracy, which is what we needed.
As mom explained,"She's a good friend of mine. She'll definitely be working here, but I want you to go through all the formalities of the hiring process so you get more experience."
I conducted an hour-long job interview with a woman named Amira, who had a lot in common with my mother. They were both the same age and had the same impeccable dedication to the legal profession.
The job interview went as expected. Basic questions and she gave me thorough answers. I was surprised by how attractive she was and how clinical she remained. Every time she spoke, it was like she was giving a deposition.
When the interview was almost done, she finally relaxed a bit.
"What's it like working with your mother?" Amira asked with a slight crinkling of her nose and gleam in her eyes.
It was the first time in the job interview that she expressed any sort of positive human emotion, aside from the initial smile from when we first met.
"Great," I replied. "She knows a lot and she's got a ton of experience. I'm learning something new everyday."
She looked amused. "Sorry, I meant what's it like working for your own mother. Meaning, is there any awkward tension? Any arguments spilling over from home? It seems like the plot of a sitcom, if you don't mind me saying."
"Ah, that. Yeah, we get asked about that a lot. Honestly, there's no way that I could have gotten this job without my mom's help. So I'm not complaining."
"Don't be hard on yourself," she said politely. "You can fit into any major law firm in this city."
"Thank you. Obviously I can say the same about you."
I gestured to her lengthy resume and she laughed.
"Fair point," she giggled. "I count my blessings daily."
"How long have you known my mom?" I asked.
Amira smiled and thought for a moment. "We met at a legal seminar, I believe two years ago. We were sitting at the same table at the convention hall and we had a connection. We stayed in touch ever since."
"Oh yeah, I remember mom going to that event."
There was more banter, before hitting an awkward silence.
"What happens next?" she asked.
"Well, obviously you already have the job. But sticking with formalities, I'll need your references and consent to do a background check."
"Is your mother making you do all this?"
"Yep. For practice. She enjoys mentoring me."
Amira nodded. "That's good. Your mother is an extremely thorough woman. I love that about her. It's why I wanted to provide my time and expertise to this law firm. Because your mother is doing something positive and I want to assist."
***
A few days later, I was alone in the private office that I shared with mom, sifting through internship applications. Everything was routine.
Then mom's phone beeped. By that point, I was accustomed to scooting over to mom's desk from the wheels on my chair and checking her phone.
Mom had sent Amira an email with the headingCongratulations!and this was the reply. Mom authorized me to check all of her business related emails and then to mark them as 'unread' so she could view them later.
Clicking open the message, I read the email,Re: Congratulations!
~~~
Hi Joan,
I'm so glad your background check hadn't unearthed any major secrets about me, haha. My record is indeed perfect. And I'm thrilled to join your firm. It was great meeting your son along with the rest of your colleagues.
As a token of my gratitude, here are 3 older pictures from when I used to work at the DA's office years ago. I know how much it turns you on that I was a prosecutor.
kiss kiss,
Amira
~~~
There were 3 files attached to the email.
Naturally, it struck me as bizarre that a consummate professional like Amira would talk about 'turn ons' and end an email with'kiss kiss'to my mother. The tone of the email was informal compared to any of the conversations they had in the office.
I wondered if I should look at the pictures or not. Mom set a clear boundary that when I use her phone, it was for business emails, nothing else. But then again, this was attached to a work-related message.
So I opened the first image.
To my shock, there was a crystal clear image of Amira taking a selfie in an office, sitting on top of a desk. She was wearing a nice suit with a bright smile on her face. What made the image so shocking was that her office skirt was hiked up and her thighs were visible.
The next image was of Amira's fingers lifting the front of her skirt. Her face wasn't in that picture. It was a close-up of her lower body and her bare crotch was showing. She was cleanly shaven and it was obvious what the final image would be.
Amira showed a close-up image of her pussy in the last image. Her phone was placed between her legs for that shot. Her labia was dark, matching her complexion, but her entrance was a rosy shade of pink. She was wet and glistening. This was something she truly enjoyed doing.
With my mother coming back at any moment, I deleted the pics and marked that email as unread, deciding that I wouldn't say anything about this.
The only question on my mind was, why was Amira sending these pictures to my mother? Was it an accident? Or were they more than just friends? My mother is a workaholic, as most people who become partners in major firms are. She enjoys the grind and long hours, and as a result, she hadn't dated much in the past several years. And when she did go on dates, it was with men, particularly other lawyers.
As I skimmed through mom's recent correspondence with Amira, there was a clear flirtation between them. Even though I wasn't supposed to, I felt a strong urge to dig deeper.
I made sure I'd have privacy by checking through the glass wall. Mom wasn't in sight. Then I did something I thought I'd never do, which was to open mom's picture gallery. Like any modern woman, my mother takes a fair amount of pictures with her phone. Sometimes it's work related, sometimes it's ordinary.
As expected, the first row of pictures were of legal documents and food cooked by her friends (they often traded pictures of their cooking and shared recipes).
Scrolling down, it hit me.
Mom took a scantily-clad selfie in the bathroom in this building. Her blouse was undone and her black bra was showing. It was a sheer bra and I could faintly see the color of her nipples. Unable to resist, I zoomed in and saw that her nipples were dark pink.
Sifting through her private images, mom's picture gallery was a mixture of business, personal, and her secret sexual side. One image would be a billing statement, the next would be a close-up of mom's panties in the office.
Going further into the gallery, I saw it. Mom's breasts. They were beautifully shaped globes with large pink nipples. Her face was in the same selfie, which she had taken right here in her office while her top was open. She was expressionless in the picture, which made it sexier.
I saw a picture of mom's pussy, with the phone having been placed in between her legs, underneath the desk. Her pussy was pink and wet, with curly pubic hairs surrounding her entrance. In the next picture, two of her fingers were plunged inside of her vaginal canal.
There were also more downloaded pictures of Amira in the gallery. Like my mother, Amira enjoyed taking pictures of herself and her body parts while at work. But unlike my mother, Amira was more brazen, taking scandalous pictures throughout the workplace when no one was there. I also saw her breasts and dark nipples.
Was this mom's secret fetish? Was this the reason she was such good friends with Amira? Was this something they bonded over?
My mind was swirling and I knew I could never look at mom the same way, at least in the office. No one would guess that a professional woman like my mom could have a phone filled with adult content, let alone trading pictures with a fellow lawyer.
Not wanting to get caught, I put the phone down and went back to work. It was best to pretend that none of this ever happened, but I knew that would be impossible.
Mom's Perspective: Admission & Indulgence
Joan remained in the conference room after a meeting with the partners and associates of the firm. She was gathering her laptop and documents from the presentation she had given while the others had left.
As she had anticipated, Amira hung around with a smile, and they both stood at the front of the room while Joan closed her laptop. They were standing near the window where there was a beautiful view of the downtown skyline.
"You seemed a little off your game," Amira noted.
"Did I?"
"I could tell something was on your mind. Stress? Or something else?"
Joan folded her laptop's power cord. "I'm 90% sure my son knows."
"About?"
"You know,this," Joan said, gesturing towards the hem of her office skirt and giving it a slight lift to expose her thigh for a second.
Amira's eyes narrowed and her nose crinkled. "Oh my."
"I'm starting to think that hiring my own son was a mistake. It was supposed to be every mother's dream. I get to spend all my time with him, mentor him, keep a watchful eye on him."
"You're still doing all of those things. That's the hallmark of any great mother."
Joan shrugged. "I gave him limited access to my phone. I figured it would streamline our workflow, but you can guess how I think it's turned out."
"Oh!" Amira said, this time with a wry smile.
"You're not supposed to take enjoyment in that," Joan rebuked.
"I'm not?"
"No, you're definitely not."
Amira lifted an eyebrow. "I'll be the judge of that. Tell me more."
"I'm sure you get the idea. I noticed subtle changes in him. Most young men think they're sneaky, but a mother always knows. It's a maternal instinct that women possess."
"Any evidence that your son knows?"
"Take my word for it. I'm sure he saw something on my phone, even though I told him what the boundaries were."
"Suppose that's true," Amira opined after some deep thought. "Suppose your son stumbled across your secret collection. What's the harm?"
Joan pursed her lips. "Okay, now you've lost your mind."
"For the sake of argument, think of this as an opportunity. You don't have to hide it anymore. Your work and personal life will become easier."
"This might be our first actual disagreement. Would that turn you on, too?"
Amira laughed. "We'll get to that. For now, give me your panties."
In an instant, Joan's eyes scanned the glass walls of the conference room. There were a few people in sight, and as expected, they were busy with their workload. Then her eyes darted to the window, towards the office building across the street.
Turning her attention back to her friend, Joan reached underneath her skirt and slid her black panties down to her heels. She stepped out of them and handed it to Amira, who gladly accepted the offering.
"A welcoming gift," Joan said, pushing it deep into her friend's hand.
Amira tucked the panties into her blazer pocket. "Sit down and face the window."
"Do I have a choice?"
"You never do."
Hearing those words sent a rush of blood to her vagina. She loved surrendering control to a rightful person. So she sat down on the chair at the end of the table and scooted a little closer to the window.
"Is this what you want?" Joan asked, spreading her legs a little further.
"Skirt up. Two fingers in. We'll see if anyone in the other building is lucky enough to catch a glimpse of this."
"That would make their day, I'm sure."
Joan pulled her skirt up and her bare butt was rested on the fancy chair. She plunged two fingers into her pussy, while Amira glanced around to make sure no one would catch them. Because in their secret games, neither of them wanted to get caught. There was too much to lose.
They loved the secrecy of this. They were respectable women who got amazing rushes from exhibitionist acts in the office. It was something they had in common besides their education and status.
"Tell me what to think about," Joan said in a low voice, pushing her fingers in deeper.
"You already know."
"Really? Are you still serious about that?"
Amira licked her lower lip. "Imagine being on your knees, underneath a desk, giving your son oral. The sweet, loving kind. But fast enough so that neither of you would get caught."
"That's so, so bad."
Allowing her mind to wander towards this heinous idea, Joan pleasured herself. In all honesty, this wasn't her first time masturbating while thinking about her son. But this time was different.
She knew that Amira was an unstoppable force. Together, they pushed each other's boundaries to new sexual heights. Deep down, she knew it would only be a matter of time before Amira's wishes came true and she was made to orally pleasure her own son.
While masturbating in front of the window, she imagined herself on her knees, sucking her son's dick so lovingly with her head bobbing. Her eyes scanned the other building for voyeurs. None so far. She kept on rubbing while her mind wandered to dark places. The image of her mouth flooding with cum was so vivid she could almost taste it.
"I'm close," Joan moaned, rubbing faster.
"Go on, cum. This is something I need a record of. It's too intense."
While bringing herself to an orgasm, she spread her legs further so that Amira could get on her knees and take pictures of this. Joan's pussy was drenched and her fingers were drilling herself. The sight of Amira holding a phone to her pussy was exciting. She loved the focused expression on Amira's face, who was trying to capture the perfect images.
When she came, she watched Amira take several pictures at various angles and distances. This would be a picture collection for the ages because it was their first time playing together at the firm.
After the orgasm coated her fingers, Joan laughed at the absurdity of the moment and pulled her office skirt down, in case anyone were to walk by. Amira also stood upright and tried to act natural.
"You see," Amira said with a smirk. "The result speaks for itself. Your orgasm was different today. You became wet faster. And the look on your face was conflicted, which made you so much more aroused."
"Maybe, maybe not. But thank you."
Amira leaned down and put her hands on the armrest. "I know you thought about your son while you came. Let's make a deal. If you send me blowjob pictures of you and him, then I'll send you pictures of me sucking off a partner at this firm."
"You're going to suck off a partner at this firm?" Joan asked, knowing it would probably happen.
"I've never done anything sexual with a colleague. But if we're going to play games, then let's play games. I'm only going to be at this firm for a while, so we should make the best of it."
"Okay, I'll think about it. Why do you think I came so fast?"
She watched Amira become breathless for a moment.
***
As she sat at her desk the next day, observing her son work diligently on his computer, she wondered if Amira had a point. To her, Amira was a goddess of body and mind. Amira was a woman who could do no wrong.
"You've become faster with writing memos," she said.
He stopped typing. "It gets easier with practice."
This was all Joan could think about. From last night until now, whenever she had a moment of free time, this crossed her mind. The ultimate sexual perversion. It excited her when she thought about it last night in bed, but she resisted the urge to masturbate. Some things are better left untouched, she had thought.
But now, as she looked at her son's tired eyes, the idea seemed better and better. If anyone deserved oral relief in this law firm, it was definitely her son. She had put him through the wringer. She gave him a workload that was probably too much in hindsight because she treated him like a veteran lawyer, instead of a novice.
Perhaps it was time to give an early bonus? She pushed that thought away.
"It's okay to have a break," she said casually. "You look a little tired. If you want to play games on your computer, go ahead."
He laughed. "I never thought you'd encourage me to play video games, especially at work."
"You've earned it. I'm proud of you. I mean that."
"Thanks mom," he replied, appreciating the gratitude. "Honestly, I'm too embarrassed to play games here. Someone could walk by and look through the glass and see what's on my screen."
"Does that embarrass you? Would you feel like less of a lawyer?"
"Basically, yeah. Wouldn't you feel the same way if you saw a lawyer playing video games during work hours?"
"How about my phone then?" she asked, as if the words had accidentally slipped out of her mouth, rather than actually spoken.
For a moment, he looked dumbfounded, and Joan made a snap decision to keep her poker face, instead of changing the subject. She decided on keeping a face that she used in a courtroom, serious and straight-forward.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"I'm not upset, but I know you saw the contents of my phone. I'm not mad. It was my fault."
"What?" he gulped.
"I can tell you're nervous. You know exactly what I'm talking about. Like I said, I'm not mad."
"That was an accident," he confessed. "I checked Amira's email and she had those pictures attached."
"Figures. And it was completely my fault, and I feel horrible about it."
"I'll stop looking through your phone," he blushed.
"No, our workflow is great. I don't want to disrupt anything. Actually... maybe..."
"What is it?"
She forced the words out of her mouth. "Did you look at my picture gallery?"
The expression on her son's face said it all. There was no denying what the answer was and a silence lingered in the office for a moment.
"Sorry," he replied.
Joan picked up her phone and walked over to her son, who looked like he was expecting a slap across the face. Instead, she had other ideas. She opened her gallery and spent a few moments scrolling down.
Then she handed the phone to her son.
"That's my favorite picture," she said. "I had never felt so sexy, if I'm allowed to say that."
The image was of herself taking a selfie while her blouse was open and her nipples and breasts were lifted out of a bra. Her pink nipples were fully erect and her face was stoic in the picture. It was taken in the firm's lobby in the early hours before anyone else had arrived, and she was standing next to the firm logo on the wall.
As expected, her son feasted his eyes on the image.
"Why are you showing this to me?" he asked, eyes still on the screen.
She felt her heart pounding. "Partly because I'm extremely proud of how you've adjusted to a professional space. Partly because this is an early bonus. And... maybe I'll explain the rest when we get home. But for now, keep a lookout, okay? My reputation would be ruined if anyone saw this."
"You're acting suspicious," he said.
"That's because I've never sucked a dick in the office before. Now keep an eye out, okay? If we get caught, I'll probably be kicked out of the firm and lose my law license for doing this with you."
Before either of them could weigh the personal ramifications of what was happening, Joan gracefully got down on her knees. She scooted underneath her son's desk, just in case anyone were to look from outside. This bit of extra privacy could make all the difference in the world.
She reached to undo her son's pants and didn't receive any resistance. As much fortitude she had as a lawyer, she couldn't bring herself to look her son in the eyes at this critical moment. But if she had, she was certain there'd be a look of confusion and arousal on his face.
Undoing her son's pants, her fingers grazed against a penis which was stiff. When she used her fingers to reach inside and pull the cock out, it immediately sprang to life and turned erect while she held it.
This was her first time seeing her adult son's erection. Joan was swept away by a sight that was impressive by any metric. But this was her son's. Her own creation. This came from her body at one point, now it was going in her mouth.
Refusing to think about her actions any further, Joan was a woman possessed by sex, as she was whenever taking naughty pictures in the office. She gave in to her darkest desires as she often did. It was her release from a stressful and busy life.
She took the penis into her mouth and felt her son twitch. She heard groaning when she worked her vacuum-like power. She knew how to suck dick and make a man feel good, which was something she had always been good at.
With her knees resting comfortably on the floor, Joan's head bobbed up and down. Occasionally, her lips would kiss the shaft and her tongue would give deep strokes from the balls to the tip. She swirled her tongue around the shaft too, before giving it hard sucks.
"I can't last much longer," he gleefully groaned after a while. "No one can. This... is... amazing."
Joan's heart filled with a perverse sense of maternal pride that she was giving her son these primal sensations. She worked her mouth harder. She bobbed faster. And she stroked the shaft with her right hand, which always did the trick for men.
Spitting the cock out for a moment, she said, "Use my phone and take a few pictures. I want this documented for my secret records."
"But... mom... you're... you're..."
"Giving you a blowjob? I know. I'll explain everything later."
When she saw the phone being hesitantly raised in front of her face, Joan nursed the tip of the hard penis while looking at the camera. She couldn't smile if she tried. Nerves had taken over. Their relationship would never be the same and this was the most debauched thing she had ever done.
After the first picture, she looked away to spare herself the added humiliation. She went back to sucking and focused on making her son spray into her mouth, which she could feel was building up. She heard more moaning and felt more blood rushing into the cock.
"I'm going to cum," he whispered.
Perfect, she thought. Exactly as she had imagined, her mouth was flooded by the cum of her pent up son. Overworking him had its benefits, as it turned out. Relief was needed and her mouth was exactly the thing that did the trick.
The unique flavor of male cum squirted onto her tongue and she struggled to gulp it all down. A few shots even hit the back of her throat. She kept sucking and swirling her tongue around it, while noticing that through the corner of her eye, the phone was still close to her face, taking more pictures. The images must be glorious, she thought. Especially as a few drops of cum leaked from her lips, down the shaft.
Finally, the eruption ended and the penis was losing steam. It turned flaccid in her mouth and she kept sucking. When it became soft, she let it fall out of her mouth and she gave the tip sweet kisses, even knowing that her son was taking more intimate pictures.
When she looked up at her son -- dazed from the orgasm -- she felt as though she had returned normalcy to his life. As if her cocksucking had cured all the stresses of working in a busy law firm. And she was right. She hadn't seen her son this relaxed in a very long time.
"You obviously enjoyed that," she said, licking her lips clean.
His attention shifted to outside the office. "Oh shit, I think I hear footsteps."
Quickly crawling out from under the desk, Joan got back to her feet and rushed towards her own desk, while using the back of her hand to wipe her mouth clean. Before sitting down, she darted back to her son to retrieve her phone. She was desperate to see how it all looked.
Amira's Perspective: Office Toys
It was something out of her wildest dreams. Something she never thought she could ever make happen. Being able to cajole a mother into sucking her son's dick was the pinnacle of her sexual history. The fact that the mother was a highly-respected lawyer who did it in the office only made things more delicious.
Amira lost track of how many times she had looked at the pictures on her phone. She looked at the images all the time. There were 31 pictures total, thanks to the generous picture-taking of the son.
In exchange, she seduced and sucked off one of the partners of the firm and sent those pictures to Joan. She never spoke of the incest to anyone, of course. Secrecy is a big part of the game and she was an expert player.
Because her office was at the end of the hall, she had more leeway to play her dirty games. As a former prosecutor, she was used to wielding enormous power over people. But this was a different kind of power.
The night before, she texted Joan, telling her to wear stockings, high heels, and a sheer bra. She also told Joan not to wear any panties underneath a small office skirt.
Showing up at exactly 10 am, as instructed, Joan was visibly nervous for what was planned. The desk was cleared and the door was left open. She told Joan to lay flat on the table so that her legs would be at the edge.
Amira unbuttoned Joan's blouse and pulled the front cups of the bra down to expose the nipples completely. The pink nipples turned erect from arousal.
At exactly 10:10 am, as requested, the son arrived at the office, having a general idea of what was going to happen, but not the exact details. Amira was filled with carnal delight seeing the shock on this young man's face, as she held mom's legs open to give a perfect view of a perfect pussy.
"You might want to close the door," Amira said, holding Joan's ankles apart. "I have a feeling things could get loud in here, given your sensational cock and your mother's wet cunt."
She took enjoyment from seeing the fear and confusion on the son's face. Looking down, she saw the same reaction on Joan's face. This was going to be a mother/son fucking, after all. How else were they supposed to react?
But as she expected, the son squirmed from what must have been a growing erection, and the mother's pussy released a pleasant aroma of female arousal. Oh yes, they were ready to fuck.
The son closed the door and cautiously walked over to mom's pussy. Amira smiled and held Joan's legs open.
"Take your cock out and fuck," Amira said. "Your mother has a meeting in an hour and she needs to be fresh."
The young man looked down and unzipped himself, revealing an erection which throbbed harder than the blowjob he had previously gotten. He took his erection and pointed it towards mom's pussy, making Amira delighted for what was about to happen.
Slipping in easily from the natural lubrication and wetness, the young man buried his dick inside and slowly started to fuck. Then it became faster when they could no longer withhold their desires. Joan fucked him back with bucks of her rocking hips.
Amira's eyes widened as she observed the incest, holding Joan's legs open and seeing the sexual carnage. The room was filled with moaning and wet slapping sounds from the hot fuck. She could see the young man gritting his teeth as his lust turned uncontrollable, thrusting harder and harder. She could see the shock on mom's face that this was happening, with pink nipples that looked impossibly erect.
"I... I'm going to cum," he whimpered, as if in disbelief that he was doing this to his mother.
Amira answered. "In your mother's pussy, sweety. She has already agreed to keep your cum inside of her for the rest of this workday."
Hearing that honest admission sent him over the edge and he grunted, filling mom's pussy with hot cum. Amira let go of an ankle and used her free hand to rub Joan's clitoris, so mother and son would cum at the same time. It worked after several quick rubs.
She made Joan orgasm with a pussy that was overflowing with thick globs of white cum. She watched as excess semen dripped from the folds of Joan's thin labia, leaking onto the desk.
When it was over, the young man was panting in disbelief over what he did, and where he had cum. The look on Joan's face was the same.
Amira bent down to suck on Joan's still-erect nipples, giving each of them a tender kiss and long suck.
"I'm... I'm sorry, mom," he said, with his soft penis still inside the pussy.
Joan gulped for air. "Don't be sorry. I enjoyed it. I know you did, too."
Pulling her mouth away, Amira got her phone and took a few pictures of the cum-filled aftermath of a cream pie. She listened to the shy and soft banter between mother/son and she thought it was amusing. These pictures were now the crown jewel of her perverted collection.
When she got what she wanted, she helped Joan back to her feet and gave the sensitive pink nipples more kisses, before kissing her on the mouth, which was yet another treat for the son to watch.
The End
Your votes & follows are appreciated.