Note to readers: thanks to everyone for your patience in waiting for this episode (and the detailed suggestions for it!) Hope you enjoy it!
After leaving the hotel, Derek and I stopped at a 24-hour lingerie store, of which Las Vegas boasted a surprising number. We darted inside, and I purchased a pair of lacy white panties that would match my white bra, stockings and garter belt, worn beneath the white blouse and denim skirt that I had worn on my flight to Las Vegas, less than 48 hours ago.
As this particular fantasy had developed over the years, it had always included silk panties, and now, as I slipped them over my stockings in the nearly-abandoned parking lot as Derek watched, my heart pounded as I imagined how they would be removed.
Returning to the passenger seat of Derek's rental car, I tried to breathe normally as we left the parking lot and drove onto one of the major streets of Las Vegas. I gazed blankly out the window, amazed that the intense sex I had experienced since arriving in Las Vegas now seemed diminished to something like a mere appetizer, as I anticipated the imminent fulfillment of my deepest, darkest fantasy.
The city's hotels and casinos turned into office buildings and then into housing as Derek drove through the streets. My stomach tensed, as did my pussy.
"So does Jack know about this particular fantasy?" Derek asked as we turned onto another major thoroughfare. I squirmed in my seat, the silk panties rubbing deliciously against my ass – still tender from the spankings I had received in the limo on the way back from the nightclub.
"Um, he does, sort of," I replied as I leaned my head back on the headrest. "A few years ago, we got away for a week on St. Kitts, just the two of us. He wanted me to tell him a fantasy about me having sex with another man, and I used one kind of like this."
After a few seconds, Derek spoke again. "So what did he think of it?"
I shifted again. "He, ah, seemed pretty turned on by it, and he tried a few times to tell me stories about that kind of situation, but it seemed like he didn't really understand all the dimensions of the fantasy."
I paused for a moment.
"Actually, I don't even understand all the dimensions of the fantasy, it's just something that's turned me on for years…decades."
I looked at Derek, his handsome profile alternately illuminated and darkened as we passed through the cones of light thrown off by streetlights.
"Um, do you think it's strange?" I asked. I saw a slight smile curl up the sides of his mouth into a smile. "Well, it's not something I'd thought of, but given your other preferences, I can see how it would turn you on."
"If it makes you feel any better," he added a moment later, "Cynthia says she has similar fantasies. I always thought that was because she was black, but who knows, maybe if they're as strong for her as they are for you, maybe that's my ticket to getting her to have sex with other men. Or at least to get her to give up her ass to me."
We pulled into a driveway, blocked off by a large, imposing gate. "We're here," Derek announced as he lowered the window and pressed a button on the intercom box.
"Yes?" the metallic voice answered. "It's Derek and Tammy, we spoke on the phone earlier?"
"Excellent," the voice said. "Pull right up to the garage, I'll meet you there." The gates slowly swung open, and my heart pounded as I looked at the enormous house, the first floor windows brightly lit despite the late hour. Perhaps a dozen cars were parked around a circular driveway in front of the house – I gulped, realizing that the number of vehicles meant that Derek couldn't be "staging" this with only his football buddies.
My fantasy would be fulfilled with, and in front of, total strangers…
Derek slowly pulled up to the garage doors, and turned off the ignition. "Last chance to go back, Tammy," he said.
I nervously smoothed my denim skirt over my thighs, and shook my head. "No, I…I need to do this now," I whispered in reply. As we got out of the car, the garage door opened, and Derek took my hand as we walked through the garage to the house, the firmness of his grip confirming that I had, indeed, passed the point of no return on living out my fantasy.
The door to the house opened, and there, silhouetted in the light, was the master of ceremonies from the nightclub. "Nice to see the two of you again," he said matter of factly as he shook Derek's hand, and gave me a polite kiss on the cheek. We walked into an enormous kitchen, and he offered us a glass of wine, which I eagerly accepted.
"I must say, Tammy," he noted as he poured the wine, "when your boyfriend called, I had hoped you had changed your mind about trying atres gotas." He handed the glass to me and smiled. "But perhaps another time."
I took the glass from him, noticing that my hand was shaking slightly.
"Running a sex club must be pretty profitable," Derek said, looking around the kitchen, the sort of thing one might see inArchitectural Digest. Our host laughed.
"Unfortunately, no. I had a little skill and a lot of luck in the commodities pits, and I quit while I was way ahead. The club is really more of a hobby than anything else."
I downed the glass of wine, feeling like I would orgasm at any second.
"Judging by the number of cars out front, it would seem there's a lot of interest?" Derek asked.
Our host – whose name was Gary – nodded. "Indeed," he said, looking at me. "It wasn't too difficult to find a good number of men who would be interested in joining us on such short notice," he said.
"And they all know the rules?" Derek asked.
"Such as they are?" Gary added with a chuckle. "Yes, they all understand them, and I can vouch for their ability to respect the rules. I know all of the men here personally."
"Um, have you, ah, ever done this, um, sort of thing with other women?" I asked quietly. Gary smiled. "Not too often, but yes, this isn't the first time. I think a lot of women fantasize about it, but very few have the will or the opportunity to live it out."
Gary gave me another long, lingering look – wishing, no doubt, that I were living out his fantasy instead of mine. "Well, I'll go tell the men that you're here, and that you'll be out momentarily. Why don't you get Tammy ready, Derek?" With that, he walked through a swinging wooden door, and I heard the noisy murmur of the men in the next room. I felt faint…
I'm almost there….
Derek turned to me, and without saying a word, started slowly unbuttoning my blouse. I felt my heart pound as he pulled it off my body, and walked behind me, unfastening and unzipping my skirt. He pulled it slowly down my legs, and there I stood, in my white bra, panties, garter belt, stockings and high heels, feeling as if I was now living out every detail of my fantasy.
I blinked, and slowly moved my wrists behind my back. Derek retrieved a length of rope from his pocket, and slowly bound my wrists together – tight enough so that there was very little slack, but not so tight as to cut off circulation to my hands. My heart pounded like a bass drum inside my chest.
Derek walked in front of me, and gave me a gentle, lingering kiss on the lips, then lifted the blindfold to my eyes. He secured it, and I stood there, bound and blinded, waiting for the next stage of my fantasy to unfold.
Through the wooden swinging door, the murmuring suddenly ended, and I heard Gary's footsteps growing louder and louder. "Derek?" I whispered, my mouth dry. "Yes, Tammy?" he replied, stroking my ass through the white silk.
"Thank you," I whispered as the door swung open.
Gary took my arm and led me perhaps a dozen steps forward, through a room so silent that the only sound was the clicking of my heels on the hardwood floor. I felt the hungry eyes of an unknown number of men on my body – a body that would soon be available for the pleasure of the highest bidder.
I shuddered in excitement as Gary walked a few paces away, and I wondered if my panties were visibly damp.
"Here she is, gentlemen, as promised. Her master, Derek, offers her for two hours to the winning bidder." I licked my lips, not fully believing this was truly happening.
Gary continued, as I heard him walk slowly around me. "Derek says she is deeply submissive, and very energetic sexually. Tammy is quite talented at fellatio, and is anally orgasmic. She is also an exhibitionist, and enjoys being spanked or paddled."
I struggled to breathe, listening as the auctioneer so casually described my sexual preferences.
"To her master's knowledge, Tammy has never been whipped, although she was aroused by watching a whipping at the club earlier tonight. She has not been sexually pierced, tattooed or branded."
I felt Gary's presence behind me, and his warm fingers slowly settled on my shoulder, a touch that felt so incredibly erotic.
"At the club, I hoped to persuade her to try atres gotas,
but she declined. Should the winning bidder be interested, I have brought along an adequate supply of the habanero extract."
I gasped, realizing that I may yet have to undergo what I'd seen done to the bound woman at the club.
And there was nothing I could do about it – it would all be up to the winning bidder…
The thought made an icy-hot shiver run down my spine, and straight into my clit.
"So, with that, shall we start the bidding at say five hundred dollars?"
I blinked my eyes behind the blindfold.
This was it…I was being auctioned…to be used for the pleasure of a man I didn't know, and would never see…
"Thank you, I knew we could count on you to get things started…" Gary said in response to the first bid. "Six hundred?"
"The bid is now six hund…seven hundred, now, seven hundred," he said, as I stood there, bound, in my white lingerie, while the bidders imagined what they would do if they had the winning bid.
"Eight hundred, thank you, doctor," Gary said.
I savored the sensations, feeling as if every nerve cell were feeding my brain with rich, vivid memories of the fulfillment of my fantasy. In a few moments, the bidding slowed, until I gathered that two men were bidding against one another.
"The bid stands at twenty two hundred dollars. Twenty two hundred going once…."
I felt my heart pound in my chest as the auction neared its climax, and I felt close to my own.
"…going twice…"
I blinked behind the blindfold, wondering what the next stage of my fantasy would be, and realizing that it would be the fulfillment of someone else's fantasy.
"SOLD! For twenty two hundred dollars. Thank you to everyone for bidding, and Christopher, if you will join me in the kitchen, we will make the necessary arrangements."
I heard the men murmuring as someone – Derek? Gary? Christopher? – took my arm and slowly led me back into the kitchen.
I was finding it difficult to breathe, as I felt three men nearby.
"I sort of suspected you'd be the winning bidder, Christopher," Gary said.
"Well, I wasn't bidding alone, as you can guess," he replied in a deep, silky bass voice.
"I thought not," Gary replied. Christopher counted out the winning bid, in what must have been hundred dollar bills, and then I felt a hand squeeze my ass.
"Mmmmm, perfect," he said as he squeezed the flesh he would now enjoy. "Just the way I like it."
Derek spoke next. "Should we follow your car to your house, so you can enjoy your prize?"
I felt a hand drift up my spine. "No, we won't be going to my house – we'll be going to my clinic, it's about two miles from here. I'm a practicing gynecologist, who enjoys an opportunity to, ah, examine my patients in ways that they didn't teach me in medical school."
My stomach knotted even tighter, imagining what might be in store for me at his clinic.
"My partner – the other bidder – has been at the clinic since Gary called," Christopher noted. "Putting straps on the exam table and the stirrups, making sure we have enough K-Y…" His hand again drifted down to my ass.
"…and putting all of our speculums and other instruments in a freezer."
I gasped at the words, and I felt so close to orgasm that a gentle wind would put me over the edge.
Gary spoke again. "Any interest in giving her atres gotason the exam table, Christopher?" I held my breath, awaiting my temporary owner's reply, from which there would be no appeal.
"Mmmmm, not this one, Gary," he said finally, allowing me to exhale.
"Derek, just follow my car, and I'll see you at the clinic." Dr. Christopher squeezed my breast through my bra. "This will be worth every penny," he added in a sinister whisper.
*****
Two weeks later…
For the first time since the DVD of my Las Vegas weekend had arrived -- three days after my return, courtesy of Marshall, who was a post-production engineer at an audio-visual studio in southern California – our foreplay did not begin with my husband flipping on the television and DVD player.
Instead, his hands slipped slowly under the satin nightshirt I wore, tracing progressively larger circles across my stomach and hips.
He kissed my neck, as he slowly unbuttoned the nightshirt. "Tell me again about the doctor's office," he whispered as he pulled the fabric away from my breasts.
"Mmmmm, you certainly like that part, don't you?" I whispered in reply. "It's the only part that wasn't videotaped," he answered, kissing me deeply. He kissed his way down my neck, to my breasts.
"After we got to the clinic," I began, my breathing becoming shallow as I recalled the games after the auction, "we walked into the exam room – the clinic was so quiet," I continued.
Jack sucked and nibbled on my nipple. "Ouch!" I startled at the sensation of his teeth, and Jack immediately withdrew. "Sorry about that, Tam," he said.
"No..no problem, Jack," I said, recovering. "My breasts just seem a little tender for some reason the last couple of days…."
THE END
Thanks to everyone for the comments, feedback and especially suggestions! Writing fiction was actually more difficult than writing the first series – having to make sure everything flows and fits together reasonably well.
I will be also be writing "Tammy's Public Display Adventure" and "Tammy's Torture Weekend" as time permits – let me know which one you'd like me to write first, and especially send me ideas! Thanks!