It had been three days since Addie had woken from her sleep with a salty taste on her lips and the vague recollection of Brodie standing over her, cock in hand, shooting his hot cum all over her tits. She'd checked the next morning, but if there had been any cum on her, she must have wiped it off in her sleep. She'd chalked it all up to a dream, one she wished had ended in Brodie filling her with that huge cock. She wondered if it was as big in real life as it was in her mind. A cock that big would rip her open, but each time it entered her thoughts her panties got wet.
Brodie watched Addie in her garden from his living room window. In the past three days his focus was shit. All he could think about was how beautiful Addie looked as she lay there sleeping, her legs spread, and her tits marked with his cum.
Brodie's cock grew painfully hard as he watched Addie bent over a flower bed. She wore frayed denim with a rip just below her right ass cheek. Just an inch or two to the left and her beautiful pink cunt would be on display.
Lisa chatted on behind him about the stupid halloween costumes again. The bitch never shut up. Brodie walked over to his slut of a girlfriend and jerked her head over the armrest, with one swift motion he slammed his cock in her mouth. He was out of control again, but he could care less, he needed to get Addie off of his mind. He'd never seen a woman take a cock in the mouth like Lisa. He wondered how many hard dicks she'd tasted, but he didn't really care. There was something to be said for a steady piece of ass and that's what she was, no more, no less. She took his full length, until her nose was buried in his balls. She was good, he'd give her that.
Addie wasn't sure why she'd walked over to Brodie's. She intended to knock on the door and invite him over for a beer, but then she saw him through his living room window. Lisa was beautiful, and nothing like Addie. She was tall and thin with long silky hair, and striking gray eyes, she was sophisticated, and experienced. Addie could never live up to a woman like her.
Lisa's lithe body was stretched over the couch with her head over the armrest, her perfect auburn hair brushing the floor as she took every inch of Brodies huge cock into her mouth. Addie watched in wonder as every bit of cock slid out of Lisa's open mouth and then roughly slammed back in again. Brodie was rough with Lisa and she began slapping at his belly, but he kept up the pace. Lisa tried to pull her head away from his cock, but Brodie grabbed her chin and held her there so long Addie thought Lisa would suffocate.
She wasn't sure why watching Brodie force himself into Lisa's mouth was making her so wet, she should turn away and go home, but she was compelled to see what happened next.
Brodie caught a glimpse of Addie watching him fuck Lisa's mouth and every ounce of control he had left was gone. Lisa was struggling to get away from him but rather than let her breathe he held her there and listened to her choke. Let Addie watch, let her see what a pervert he really is.
Brodie grabbed Lisa's hair and jerked her to her feet. She may have been struggling before, but one look at her face and Brodie knew she enjoyed every minute of it. The thought of fucking Lisa while Addie watched made his cock grow harder. Lisa expertly removed her dress. It was no surprise to see she wore no panties with the painfully short skirt. Before he walked out of the room, Brodie ordered Lisa to put her hands on the coffee table and spread her legs.
Addie wasn't gay, but Lisa was so beautiful she couldn't help but admire her. Her breasts were beautiful, full and round, but not too large, with small dusty nipples against her olive skin. She couldn't help but stare at the woman, her flat stomach leading down to a little patch of dark brown hair between her long tanned legs.
Brodie returned with something in his hand. Intrigued, Addie stepped closer and pressed her face to the window. The crack of leather hitting skin was so loud Addie thought she had broken the glass. Lisa's cry told her it was the whip in Brodie's hand that had caused the deafening sound.
Brodie wondered what Addie was thinking while she watched him redden Lisa's ass with a flogger. His wrist moved expertly as he moved the leather strips over her pert little cheeks.
Left, RIGHT... right... LEFT, left... left... RIGHT, LEFT, LEFT, RIGHT.
Each slap he varied the intensity until the last four. Lisa's screams filled the afternoon air and he wondered if he was hitting too hard. She had a safe word though, and he didn't hear it. He was taking them both to a new level and he wasn't sure he was in control of where they went.
He could see Addie, her beautiful face pressed against his living room window. He knew she could see the red welts on Lisa's legs and behind. Picturing Addie bent over, her tiny pink slit on display, her ass red with his handprints sent Brodie over the edge. He made Lisa turn towards the window, he wanted Addie to see the pain and pleasure on Lisa's face as he fucked her.
Addie wasn't in control of her actions, she reached her hand into her jeans and rubbed her clit furiously. It was broad daylight and any one of the neighbors could have seen her fingering herself while she watched an intimate moment between Brodie and his girlfriend.
Lisa looked anything but put together now. Brodie was fucking her from behind, but he held her hair so tightly, her eyes were pointed at the ceiling and her elegant neck stretched upward. Mascara ran down her cheeks and her face was contorted in what could only have been pain. Her full lips parted and moans of ecstasy escaped. She begged and pleaded to Brodie, for what, Addie didn't know.
"Please, please Brodie."
Addie could feel herself on the brink of orgasm. She shouldn't be watching this, and she definitely shouldn't be turned on by it, but she continued rubbing her clit, then slipping her fingers into her wet cunt. She was so wet, she could feel it running down her legs.
Brodie was slamming his cock into Lisa hard and fast. Lisa's body stiffened and her eyes rolled back into her head. Finally, as Lisa screamed Brodie's name, Addie collapsed into Brodie's flower bed and came.
She wasn't sure she her legs would carry her, but Addie sprinted towards her front door. Embarrassed and still incredibly turned on by what just happened, she headed towards her bedroom where she made herself cum again and again thinking of Brodie's cock and how incredible it would feel inside her.