My husband Mark has been sharing me with other men and women for over 30 years, and in that time I've engaged in virtually ever sexual activity there is that doesn't involve pain or humiliation. That includes public flashing, couple swapping, 3somes, 4somes, oral only gangbangs, full gangbangs, bukkake, public sex, anal, double penetration, all kinds of sexual games and toys, and more. But it all started very innocently, and this is the story of that fateful night.
Tim had been Mark's closest friend through both high school and university, and they did everything together. It wasn't till later that I found out exactly how much was included under the heading of "everything". But shortly after graduation, Tim got a job in Vancouver, and although they kept in touch, Mark didn't see Tim again until our wedding. Mark chose Tim to be his best man and Tim flew in to Toronto from Vancouver a week before the wedding so they could spend some time together.
At that point, Mark and I were already living together, and although Tim said he was happy to stay at a hotel, Mark insisted he stay with us for the week. I went with Mark to pick Tim up at the airport, and Mark asked me to dress up in a very sexy outfit, because he said that he wanted to show me off in front of Tim. Although we had never had any sex with anyone else since we'd started dating, I've been an exhibitionist since my days as a topless dancer at the Rondun Tavern in the Junction area of Toronto, and Mark really seemed to get off on it, so I had lots of "provocative" clothing in my wardrobe. I chose a sheer red top without a bra, so my big, dark nipples were clearly visible, a tight black micro-miniskirt, sheer black panties, stay-up black stockings, and a pair of 6" black high heels. As usual, Mark was ready long before me, and he was waiting downstairs for me. When I came walking down the stairs, he whistled and said,
"You look gorgeous honey! Tim's going to be so fucking jealous of me!"
When I got downstairs, he asked me to turn away from him and bend over, which I did, giving him a nice view of my ass and panties.
Mark said, "That's a beautiful view Carolyn, but I think it would be even hotter if you took off the panties."
I asked him if he was serious, and he assured me he was, so off came my panties. We then got into the car and headed to the airport. I don't think I'd ever seen Mark look so excited, and that excitement, combined with the excitement I always feel when a wear a slutty outfit, had me feeling horny as hell!
While we were standing in the waiting area of the airport, I was getting lots of leering looks from guys, and just as many dirty looks from women, and I was enjoying all the attention. When Tim finally walked through the arrivals door, it was all I could do to keep from drooling. I had seen photos of him before, but they did not come close to doing him justice. He was 6'3", about 180 lb. with a muscular build, and he looked like a young Robert Redford! MMMmmm!!!
He ran up and gave Mark a big hug, then turned to me, looked me up and down, and said to Mark, "Holy shit, how did you ever trick such a sexy, gorgeous woman into marrying you!"
I thanked him for the compliment and gave him a big hug and kiss on the cheek. As I hugged him, I couldn't help notice a very hard bulge in his crotch. Apparently he really did like my looks. There was a bit more small talk, and we then grabbed his bags and headed to our car.
On the way home the 2 of them kept reminiscing about the good old days, and I just sort of tuned out and concentrated on how horny I was and how wet my pussy was getting.
By the time we got home it was a bit past 4:00 PM. The guys grabbed the bags out of the trunk, and I walked up the porch to the front door. I took out my keys and pretended to fumble with the lock for a minute, until I saw them coming up the porch stairs. Then I dropped the keys and bent over to pick them up, giving Mark and Tim and nice view of my ass and pussy.
"Yup Mark", I heard Tim say, "you sure got lucky when you found Carolyn".
The first thing Tim did when we got in the house was take his bags up to the guest room. Mark and I sat down on the living room couch, and he asked me what I thought of Tim.
"He seems real nice", I replied, "and he's also a real hunk!"
"Well I'm glad you like him" Mark said, and he had an odd grin on his face as he said it. Just then, Tim joined us in the living room, and sat on the loveseat directly across from the couch.
"So Tim," Mark said to his friend, "would you like to share a joint with Carolyn and I. I hear it's the best cure for jet lag."
Tim said he'd love to, and as he did, I noticed that he was staring between my legs. As I sat on the couch, my already short skirt had slid up, giving Tim a good view of my pussy. Without being obvious about it, I crossed my ankles and spread my knees, giving Tim an even better view, and I'm sure he could see how shiny and wet my pussy was by now.
As Mark got up to get the grass, he asked Tim to join us on the couch so it would be easier to share the joint. Tim came over and sat on my right, and as he did, his arm brushed my already hardened nipple, making my whole body tingle. Mark came back, sat down on my left and rolled the joint. As he lit it up and handed it to me, he got up and put on some music. We sat there toking, chatting and listening to the music, and as Mark finished the last of our second joint, he commented on how I really seemed to be swaying to the music.
"Why don't you get up and dance for us honey", Mark said, knowing that when I'm stoned it's almost impossible for me to sit still while listening to music. So I got up and started dancing in front of them.
"Wow Carolyn," Tim exclaimed, "your dance moves are hotter than any stripper I ever saw, and it even looks like you have better tits."
To which Mark replied, "Would you like a better look at them pal?"
As Tim nodded his approval, Mark said, "Go ahead honey, show my friend how hot you really are."
At that point I was so stoned and so horny that I didn't need any further encouragement to let go. I unbuttoned my sheer blouse and then slowly removed it, all the while bumping and grinding to the rhythm of the music. Once my 34B tits were free, Tim yelled, "I was right, those are fantastic tits!" I thanked Tim for the compliment, then pulled off my skirt and asked him what he thought of my pussy.
He smiled and said, "It looks just as tasty as it did when you were flashing it at me earlier."
I laughed and as I continued dancing, I closed my eyes and started rubbing my tits and pussy, and before long I was fingering myself and I could feel pussy juice running down my thighs. I was so into playing with myself that I almost forgot that Mark and Tim were there. Then suddenly my eyes popped open and I was brought back to reality as I heard Mark saying to Tim, "Since Carolyn has shown you her stuff, I think it's only fair that you show her yours Tim."
Without any hesitation, Tim stood up, and in one smooth motion he pulled down both his pants and underwear, exposing what was the most magnificent cock I'd ever seen at that point in my life. It was long, but more importantly, it was as thick as my wrist (we measured later and it was 9-1/2" long and 7" in circumference), and he had huge, low hanging balls. In truth, he looked like a horse!
I just stood there staring with my mouth wide open for some time before I finally exclaimed "Holy shit!"
Mark said, "I know honey. I've seen that same facial expression on many women. You see, when I told you that Tim and I did everything together, what I didn't mention is that we also did women together. Throughout high school and university, Tim's good looks and huge cock enabled him to get any girl he wanted, and then he'd share them with me. And I told Tim that I thought this visit would be a good opportunity for me to finally return the favour. Are you okay with that?"
"Are you kidding?" I squealed with delight. "Am I okay with you giving me the chance to enjoy that magnificent mountain of man meat?! You're fucking right I'm okay with it!"
I told the 2 of them to move to the far ends of the couch and I positioned myself on all fours between them, with my face at Tim's cock and my rear facing Mark. I immediately grabbed Tim's cock, stretched my mouth as wide as I could and wrapped my lips around it. Tim moaned as I started licking and sucking on his cock, while my hands stroked his shaft and fondled his big balls. He started playing with my tits and Mark began to tongue my ass and finger my pussy. It wasn't long before I had a body shuddering orgasm, after which Mark said, "We should take this up to the bedroom where we'll be more comfortable".
I reluctantly removed my lips from Tim's cock and stood up. But before I could go anywhere, Tim said to Mark, "Don't you think I should give Carolyn a special ride upstairs"
Mark replied, "Shit, I'd forgotten about your special rides. Sure, go ahead. She'll love it. But I better get some lube first".
I had no idea what they were talking about, but at that point I was game for anything. Mark left for a minute and when he returned, he had a tube of KY. He squeezed some on his finger and rubbed it on my pussy lips and inside my pussy. He then handed the tube to me and asked my to rub some on Tim's cock, which I did with pleasure. Tim then asked me to lower myself onto his cock while facing him. So I stood on the couch with my feet on either side of Tim, and as Mark helped me steady myself, I slowly lowered myself onto Tim's cock. The lube helped, but it still took a while for my pussy to accommodate his massive cock. But once it was all the way in, OH MY GOD! I felt things in places where I didn't know I had places. My pussy was filled to capacity and it felt FANTASTIC!
I started kissing Tim as Mark stood behind me playing with my tits. Tim then pulled his lips from mine and said, "Okay Carolyn, wrap your arms around my neck and let's go for a ride upstairs."
He stood up, with me still impaled on his cock, and as he did I wrapped my legs around him. Tim started walking towards the stairs, taking very heavy, deliberate steps, and with every step he took, my pussy bounced on his cock, making my whole body shudder! It was like this was a sex amusement park and Tim's cock was the ultimate rollercoaster ride for lucky pussies! And when he actually started walking up the stairs, it was even better! I kept kissing Tim passionately and by the time we were half way up the stairs I had my first orgasm, and I had two more by the time we got to the bedroom. Once we were there, Mark sat on the easy chair facing the bed, and Tim sat on the bed with me still joyously riding his cock.
Tim lay back, swung his legs onto the bed and told me to start riding him. I started bouncing up and down on his cock like there was no tomorrow, and though I don't remember doing it, Mark and Tim later told me that I was loudly and repeatedly screaming "Fuck me Tim!" Tim has incredible staying power and I came several times as he was fucking me. Apparently Mark had told Tim how much I love the taste of cum, because when he was ready to shoot his load, he yelled, "Please climb off Carolyn, I want to feed you my cum." So I stood up off his cock, then knelt down beside him and took his cock in my mouth. It tasted so sweet from the combination of my pussy juice and the flavoured KY. I started jerking him off into my mouth, and it didn't take long before Tim let out a yell and his cock erupted in my mouth. It turned out that those big balls of his were not just for show. I had never had that much cum before in a single load, and it was really thick and gooey, the way I like it best. I kept swallowing and swallowing as fast as I could, but he just kept cumming, until it was running out the sides of my mouth.
When he was finally done, I just lay back with a satisfied grin on my cum-covered face. My head was on Tim's thighs, sort of cuddled up against his cock and balls. Suddenly Mark, who had been enjoying the show, spread my legs and started eating my pussy, and as he did, Tim leaned forward and started squeezing and pinching my sensitive nipples. After I had cum twice from being eaten, Mark had me get up on all fours and as he fucked me from behind, I again started sucking on Tim's cock.
We spent the rest of the day and night like that, just fucking and sucking in every imaginable position and combination. I even had my first ever DP, with Tim in my pussy and Mark in my ass, and I swear to God that I had such an intense orgasm from the DP, that I actually passed out.
The rest of the week was very busy with last minute wedding preparations, but every spare minute we had was spent in the bedroom with Tim and Mark fucking me silly. And after the wedding, the fun continued, because unbeknownst to me, Mark had bought 3 tickets to the Bahamas and Tim joined us on our honeymoon. But that's a story for another time.