"Y'all gonna wanna butter up some popcorn and watch this," Ray said with a sneaky grin as he stood buck naked over Jeon.
Ray's tall, Redwood like ass then proceeded to reposition the body of my South Korean wife of three years closer to the edge of the motel bed. He held both her ankles in the palms of his hands and glanced over towards Tank and I. He was enjoying having us both as his audience and wanted us to know it. With the devilish wink of an eye, he began to go about doing the business of his fuck work.
Tucking his arms under the back of her thighs and bracing his hands under her shoulders, he eased his 6'4" frame down, neatly folding her petite body under his own until they were face to face and almost kissing. He then did an effortless, Olympic worthy, weightlifting clean and jerk and in an instant had Jeon in the air and firmly skewered on his long black cock as if she were a piece of street bulgogi on a stick.
"I call this move 'The Ralph Macchio!'" he said proudly, as if expecting us both to jump up cheering and hollering and flashing large placards of the number 10 over our heads.
"The 'Macchio'? Is that the best you could come up with?" Tank laughed, "I, myself, would've called it something like the 'Dip Sum', or maybe 'Crazy Dicked Asian'. How about, even better, naming it, 'Guy Who Talks Too Much To Hide That He Can't Fuck Worth Shit?'"
Tank stroked his dick keeping it hard and elbowed me in the side of my ribs for some sort of validation for all his mocking jokes on his friend Ray.
"Well, as a matter of fact," I began, "That particular sexual position, although rarely used and quite difficult to pull off, does already have a specific Kama Sutra name and it's called..."
Ray and Tank both looked at me with their heads tilted to the sides with a puzzled look on their faces. I had read the room wrong. Now was not the time for old Hindu definitional accuracy on the multiple differing ways to fuck. I swallowed hard and awkwardly smiled as I thought on what to say next to not drain any more of the energy out of the room or come across as an out of touch fool.
"Wax on, wax off, her fuckin' ass!" I shouted.
"Damn straight!" smiled Tank, patting his huge bear paws approvingly on my back.
Okay. Let's stop. Let's stop before we go any further because I know everyone is wondering how in the hell did my sexy ass former wife and I end up in this cheap motel room on the seedy end of Atlanta with two imposing and horny black guys? Do you want the short version or the long? Does it even matter? There's only truth and that's what I'm going to be telling you!
Two hotdogs and a beer!
That's how it started and that's also how it all ended.
I was at an Atlanta Braves baseball game and after being in line at the concessions stand for close to 15 minutes, I ordered my food and reached into my jeans pocket and felt nothing. I wasn't too concerned because I had purposely not brought my wallet.
That's Dilly's Rule #1: Only bring what's needed.
Are you writing this down? Well, you should! It's important.
Only bring what's needed! And for a regular season baseball game, like this one, that would be your ticket, car keys, and a Benjamin. The less to keep up with the better.
You don't need your cell phone because you're at a baseball game, watching it, live, in person. Put that damn cell phone down. Plus, if you're on your phone at a baseball game, it's a clear signal you suck at life. You don't need your phone. Pickpockets, on the other hand, can see the outline of your wallet, but they can't see the outline of a paper bill and they love targeting someone not paying attention and chatting away on their cellphone. You don't need your wallet. These are all smart tips that I stand by and you are free to use in the future, despite me now standing and scratching my head without finding my hundred.
Look, even anticipating that this kind of pickpocketing could occur, I was partly in awe of the thief for wising up to cracking what I thought was full proof pre-planning. I backtracked in my head where the theft could've happened while looking sad and pathetic and holding up the line of hungry and impatient fans in need of alcohol.
"Just give me a second," I pleaded as I again searched my pockets, coming up rich and prosperous with a handful of lint.
"I ain't got all day. Move it along if you ain't got no money. Next!" barked the woman from behind the cash register.
And that's when from behind me, out of the sweaty human crowd, came reaching forward this dainty little set of manicured hands holding out a crisp 20 dollar bill. And attached to that bill was a hand that belonged to the prettiest woman I had ever seen anywhere, ever. A gorgeous Asian goddess wearing a Braves home white jersey that was cut just low enough for you to see a peak of the cleavage of her firm tits from behind a shiny, red push-up bra.
I waited off to the side of the line as she walked forward and placed her order. I licked my lips taking the whole rest of her sexiness in. Shoulder length, jet black hair? Check. Well groomed and manicured nails? Check. Perfect alabaster skin? Check. Pouty lips, button nose, mesmerizing dark eyes - check, check, and double check!
She couldn't have been over 5'2" in height, yet, her still well proportioned body was so slight that the shirt hung down to her knees like a short dress. You couldn't tell if she was wearing shorts or just panties under the jersey and the possibility of it being neither excited and emboldened me even that much more.
You should always kiss a gift horse in its mouth! That's Dilly's Rule #2!
Yeah, I know exactly how the saying goes, but you need to shut up and listen, ok? Don't hesitate or the opportunity may pass. Just kiss it!
After she ordered, I thanked her repeatedly for her kindness and begged her to allow me to take her out on a date just to show that I really had money and a paying job and wasn't just some broke ass, backwoods, Georgia bum who got goobered at his first baseball game.
I told her it was a win-win for her because she would at least get a free dinner from me. I know, I know, I'll admit that it was a cheesy, backhanded way of trying to see her again, but hell, it worked. She agreed to a single date with me and that simple little offer is how we started on the road to our courtship and eventual marriage.
Jeon and her family had moved from Busan to Atlanta in the mid 90's when she was just 6 years old. It was a culture shock, as would be expected, moving from South Korea to the States. Her father and family were wealthy, politically connected types in South Korea, but had to leave all that wealth and prestige behind when they migrated here. I can't imagine how tough that must've been for them to lose everything they had worked hard for to then have to start back again completely from scratch with nothing.
It was difficult trying to maintain their familiar Korean norms while also trying to fit in to the ATL. Being poor is hard enough, but being poor and not speaking much English in the redneck heart of Dixie is even worse. Georgia offered no forgiving learning curve and Jeon and her family struggled.
The great promise of America, though, is that everyone here is given a fair and equal chance to fall flat on their face in absolute failure.
Going to shop at the corner Piggly Wiggly, having an interaction with a bank teller, hell, navigating all the freakin Peach Tree named streets and entities here took quite a bit of time to adapt to, but Jeon's family didn't fail and, eventually, they were able to start a restaurant and carve out a modest American lifestyle success story for themselves. They became, practically like every other family in Georgia, working class folks who were just trying to get by.
Look? Do you really want to hear all of this? What you're interested in is what happened AFTER we got married.
Jeon, despite the structured upbringing her traditional Korean family sought, was a closeted sexual freak. This woman could suck a dick like no one's business and I'm not talking about some stereotypical "Sucky, sucky, 5 dolla, make you holla!" bullshit, either!
Wait, hold on... I'm getting way ahead of myself with telling this story. What you need to know now is that the only thing this woman really needed was someone to light her erotic fuse and bring that sexual freakiness to the fore. I, being born a natural Atlantan Dilly, was more than willing to be that burning match.
It didn't take all that much encouraging from me to convince Jeon to show off that sexy little body that she was blessed with. She quickly started wearing skimpier, more revealing, clothes and gaudier makeup depending on the situation we found ourselves in, or wanted to manipulate to turn ourselves on. When we now attended baseball games together, gone was the overflowing jersey, and in its place was a bikini top and skin tight shorts with open toed platform shoes.
The morning of our 1st anniversary, she woke me up from sleep fully made up and wearing her wedding gown! She jumped her hot pussy onto my hard dick and with her white dress flowing over to the side of our bed, and veil hanging down and covering both our faces, she bent down and whispered, planting the imagined warning in my ear, that I needed to be quiet so her parents wouldn't know she had snuck me in her room before taking our vows and was letting me fuck her virgin cunt in her pink canopied bed just above her parents bedroom.
I mean, Goddamn! Tell me that woman was not a quick, manipulative learner!
I had an ear to ear smile on my face the whole day and when I returned home from work, it got even better! She continued the cosplay role-playing by coming full circle in her wedding virgin to slut transformation by greeting me at the front door standing tall and wearing spiked, 5 inch heeled, red thigh high boots, plastic devil horns on her head, and nothing else save a wicked smile.
She became a true Dilly, not only in name, but in practice. I stopped leaving my stadium seat, staying to enjoy all 9 innings, and would send her instead to the concessions stand without a dime on her person and she always returned with food and beer. Always. The stories she would luridly then tell me on how she managed to get the things needed, all while standing in line, would turn into fuel for heavy fuck sessions when we got back to our home.
Have you ever been to a Walmart after midnight on a Thursday? They're restocking shelves at that time after the busy shopping hours, if you didn't know. Do you know how many Walmarts there are in the greater metropolitan Atlanta area? There's a ton and I know because we would go to them and act on our exhibitionist fantasies. It had kind of become our thing to regularly do in the 3rd year of our marriage.
Jeon would roll up on an unsuspecting employee busily opening boxes on his knees and, with me discreetly watching from the end of the aisle, she would play the poor damsel in distress in need of some out of reach item that always ended up allowing the lucky worker get a good look at her perky tits from an unbuttoned shirt or, if she found him attractive, an unobstructed view of her Grade A Korean slit as she bent over pantiless in a skirt and offered up a quick feel of her ass.
Let me tell ya - a shortage of Black folks is one thing Atlanta does not have. They're the real heart and soul of this city and Atlanta would never affectionately be known as The A, the 303 or 404, Hotlanta or any other cool name without them. Despite that, and me encouraging her to take a chance and go for it, Jeon always felt an uneasiness in going up to a brother. She always found every other guy to approach in a Walmart but a Black one. In a way, I'm amazed with how she managed to accomplish this because, like I said, there's no shortage here.
I know you think I'm rambling and getting away from the storyline, but everything I'm telling you is true and has a point whether you see it or not. Lemme be clear in stating this, if you haven't picked up on this yet: I really could give a rats ass if she approached anyone pink, red or black.
I! The Dilly-O! Me!
I was her husband and I was still always going to be the one taking her fine ass home to our bed. I'm still going to be the one fucking her above everyone else. I have no interest in justifying our kinks to you or anyone else. I'm here explaining a story to you. That's it.
If you are sitting at home on your couch in a clown suit, jerking off to Geico gecko commercials, cool! You're happy living your best life and not hurting anybody and I'm fine with that because so were we. You should've seen the broad smiles Jeon left in her wake to all of these overworked and underpaid laborers. Jesus of Nazareth, himself, would've been proud of how she reeled in and fished men into converts of Asian lust by simply doling out to them meager crumbs of her satisfying ppang loaf.
I didn't lose interest in going to Walmarts because of whoever she chose to arouse and thrill. See, whenever Jeon is out strutting her exotic ass, heads turn and she is the center of all attention. She's so damned good at it that no one ever notices me and my geeky pale face standing off to the side being both her protecting husband and biggest fanboy. I soured on going to Walmarts after walking by some workers and overhearing them say, "There she is! That's her! I told you she would make it by here! It was just a matter of time!"
Can you believe that? With all the SuperCenter stores here scattered throughout this big ass city, we had somehow still over-saturated the market and had become too well known. Yeah, on one hand, I was proud of her infamy, but it was a huge hit to my voyeuristic experience. Where's the sexual fun in losing the element of surprise and knowing you're expected?
So, I'm telling you all this to explain how we found ourselves at 3 in the afternoon one Saturday going into Club Trapeze, the notorious sex club here. It was an off hour time and I figured it would give us a chance to explore and get a feel for the vibe of the place without many attendees present.
It's not like we were ready or now trying to take the plunge into being swingers, not at all, that was never a conversation we had or route we thought on progressing to, but we had heard so much about Trapeze and the crazy fun that folks had experienced there that going, at least once, had become kind of a bucket list item for us.
Jeon was wearing a yellow sundress, nothing especially fancy, because we didn't plan on showing off her goods nor envisioned staying very long. We paid a modest fee to the attendant in the lobby and entered through a double doorway into a large room containing a bar and a dance floor.
There were only 3 people there, not including the bartender, that I could see as we entered. We had picked, as far as I could tell, the perfect time for exploring. There were 2 guys off together at a semi-lit corner table watching porn and touching themselves and an old man wearing a Semper Fi cap was sitting alone at the bar.
"Welcome to Trapeze. Y'all look like newbies, am I right?" the old guy asked.
I nodded and he politely offered up an empty stool to Jeon. He must've sensed my cautious apprehension as he then waved the bartender to get us each a shot of vodka for all of us to drink.
"Don't worry about Morty and his 26 year old twink boyfriend from North Carolina over there," he said pointing to the corner, "They're harmless and that's just what they do. You're a little early if you're looking for action. Most of the fun starts when the sun goes down."
I explained that we just just wanted to say that we had been in the place at least once and that we weren't staying long.
"You and your lovely Missus should have a look at the rooms upstairs while no one's around. When you're done and get back down, I highly recommend you go into that room next to the bathroom and check it out."
We downed the shots and I ordered another round as well to repay the old timer for the previous drink and for his advice. I kindly thanked him and Jeon and I set out on our way to explore, but the intrigue of the mentioned door next to the bathroom had piqued my interest and I grabbed her hand and led her right in there first.
It was a tiny space and you could barely call it a room. In the center, there was nothing but a small desk, a chair with straps for binding wrists, and an overhead lamp that swung back and forth if you slightly touched it with your hand. Three of the walls were made of just your basic gray cement blocks, but the last wall of the room was made up entirely of what appeared to be a reflective two way mirror.
"Jeon? Are you seeing this? This is incredible! Who's ever on the other side of this glass panel can see us but we can't see them!"
Ok, so, we are pretty close to the halfway point of this whole story and I think it's a good time to take a break. Let's have an intermission, ok? Because I need to talk to you about something that is not a Dilly Rule that you can follow, but more of a well concerned hope for all you horny and lonely folks who happen to stumble across this little tale.
When, in the course of searching for relationship happiness, you happen to find that special person who just knows what you're thinking and how you're feeling without words having to be even spoken - I hope that you keep them close and never let them go because practically nothing can break that bond. Got that? Nothing, I mean nothing, should break that bond. Ya wrote that down as well? Alright! Good! Now back to our story.
"Jeon, this is a police interrogation room!" I said all giddy practically doing the pee-pee dance with excitement at the imagined possibilities.
Without saying a word and with both of us knowing that virtually no one was in the club or even watching - she sat me in the chair, got down on her knees, and started to blow me.
When I was younger, I don't think I ever paid attention to how a woman sucked my dick. Shit, I was just happy to have a woman, ya know, like, sucking my dick! I think a good bit of women know this about men and, over time, just kinda become lazy about it and treat the act like some leafy garnish on the plate of a 32 ounce Porterhouse steak. Not so with my wife! Jeon made me, by her own sheer will and technique, pay attention, every time, to her dick sucking skills.
She rarely lost eye contact with me. My head would spin and my eyes would roll to the back of my head, but whenever I composed myself and looked back down she was always looking right back at me, eyes focused, cock in mouth, with her pretty face.
She always worked on my balls first. She would pick up the head of my dick with her manicured hands as if she were lifting a back room curtain to peek out by its side. With easier access to my balls, she would then stick her tongue out and lick from the crack of my ass, to up the seam of my nuts, to the base of my shaft and then down again.
She would then start stroking my dick to full erection while working her tongue in circles around both my nuts until she would wrap her mouth around one nutsack and fully suck it in.
She then would place her hands on my thighs and take my 7 inches fully into her mouth. No hands. Just hard cock, eager mouth, and her bobbing head.
Most men would be ready to blow their wad as soon as lips like Jeon's touched their head, and I'm no different - I ain't no porn star. I was ready to cum, too! But Jeon, I'm telling you, was a natural cock sucking artist and wouldn't allow me. That's right, you heard right! I said, "Allow me!" She would not allow my ass to cum!
I swear her mouth had a built in early warning cum detector system. Whenever I started getting anywhere close towards an early orgasm her hands would be free to pinch my ass, scratch circles around my navel, or dig her nails into my thighs. These minor annoyances and slight pains would always refocus my attention, delay me from cumming, and keep me harder for longer periods while having her enjoy herself sucking on my dick for marathon blow sessions. Goddamn, I felt like a fucking porn star!
I came only when she was ready for me to and I never knew if she was going to release her oral grip from my cock and watch me shoot my load all over her face or if she had decided on eating some dick dessert by swallowing my sticky cum pudding straight down her throat.
And that's where we were now, in Trapeze, Jeon on her knees, and me watching her beautifully skilled mouth about to allow me an orgasm. We could clearly hear dull thuds coming from the other side of the mirrored window and it excited us even more knowing the old Jarhead geezer was out there enjoying and approving of the impromptu USO service show we were giving him.
She released her mouth from my dick and grabbed it with her hand to point it at her face. She had, as always, come to the correct conclusion that the visual image of my splooge doing a Jackson Pollock painting on her face was what would be the best for this occasion.
I shot two quick streams of warm man cream to her head - hitting her nose with the first and smaller shot. The next shot was the more impressive and I let out a loud groan of relief as a long and thick, unbroken string of my sperm splashed landed diagonally across her face.
"My God!" I shouted in relief.
"Saranghae," she whispered.
"I love you, too," I replied back.
Jeon, as would a Dilly, then rose from her knees and walked directly in front of the large glass with the remnants of my nut milk freshly plastered across her doll like face. We could hear more dull banging on the glass and she smiled and teasingly licked her lips clean of my oozing scrotum sauce. She then raised her sundress up from her legs to her face to wipe herself clean, fully exposing her pointy nips, shaven bare pussy, and entire sexy body to the solid glass reflection.
I stepped up behind her, wrapping my arms around her midsection and spread her cunt lips to also show the senior vet the pink slit of her 38th Parallel and then I kissed her dead on her lips, thanking her for her service to my ding dong. We gathered ourselves together to leave the room eager to hear what the old guy thought of the performance we had given him. We opened the door to exit and came face to face with 3 imposing black guys standing in our way.
"That was some show y'all put on in there. I, just speaking for myself, especially enjoyed it," said the muscular one of the 3 who stood in the middle.
Their shirts had a logo that indicated that they worked for some sort of security agency. The muscular dude who spoke was flanked by Ray and Tank. Ray looked like a basketball player, tall and lean, and Tank resembled his name. I didn't know the name of one who spoke because he had a jacket over his shirt that hid from view me seeing his embossed name tag.
"Yeah, that's a really beautiful woman you have there," Ray said.
"Thanks," I cautiously answered. We might have left the interrogation sex room but I was fully aware of where this line of questioning was heading.
"Say, uh, I know you ain't gonna mind too much, especially seein' what I just saw, but I'm gonna take your little sweet and sour suckiyaki here and give her a taste of a real MAN-darin," muscle guy joked.
"C'mon, man, ease up a little," Ray said, disapprovingly shaking his head.
"Y'all saw the same damn thing I saw. This little mama is in need! Ain't everyday Asian pussy fall out from the sky in yo lap," muscle guy continued, "I ain't even gotta fuck the bitch. I can just get a taste. A little takeout order to sample, ya know? Introduce her to my Mr. Chin."
"She's not Japanese nor Chinese, either!" I said angrily. "Get it right! Cause if you fuckin don't know then maybe you should shut the fuck up!"
"Hey, hey, hey, I'm just having some fun, that's all. Don't get your panties all in a bunch over me complimenting this fine ass little lady, I mean, c'mon, are we at a chess club or a sex club?" muscle guy asked.
"C'mon, man! Why?" Ray said again. "We only brought you here cause you said you could handle yourself. You done told the man and his wife how you appreciated them and gave them compliments, ok? Can't you just leave well enough alone and chill? Why you gonna go on and go disrespecting them for? Goddamn!"
"No harm, no foul, right? She ain't take no offense to me. No need for little man here to get upset. Plus, she can speak for herself if she wants to. Hey, lil mama? You're not offended by me? Are ya?" muscle guy asked reaching out his hand to grab Jeon by her arm, "Wanna find out why this year is the year of the Black Dragon?"
I quickly stepped in front of Jeon before he could lay a finger on her with my fists at the ready.
"Ain't this some shit? Looky here at punk ass Petey Whitebread here flexin up to me! Man, do you know what I alone will do to you? What da fuck do you plan to do against the 3 of us?" he asked plainly.
OK, folks, I am not gonna lie to you, things weren't looking good. This motherfucker, as much as I wanted to take a swing at him, had a very excellent and well observed point: What the hell exactly was I going to do against 3 much bigger guys than myself?
I'll tell you exactly what I fucking did!
I reached into my pocket and threw down a diversionary smoke pellet, blinding the 3 men and causing confusion among the ranks. I ran onto the wall, Matrix style, and had my feet meet muscle guy's smug assed face, knocking him out with a spinning 360 drop kick. I slid 5 yards on both my knees through the long legs of Ray, with my back arched, to incapacitate Tank in his only vulnerable spot with a punch to his defenseless nuts. Jumped on the back of Ray and slowly shushed and petted him down gently to the ground with a sleeper hold to the head as if his tall ass were a tranquilized giraffe. I got up and grabbed Jeon, bending her over backwards, and kissed her til butterflies and sunbeams came shooting out her ears. I then took her by her hand and, with a full symphony orchestra playing us some kickass Skynyrd, we slow motioned walked out of Trapeze. I took the pin off of a grenade and, without looking, flicked it behind me back into the club.
5. 4. 3. 2. 1...
Huge explosion.
Closing credits.
Then a 10 minute standing ovation from satisfied moviegoers.
Alright, alright! Can't you even allow a man just a minute of self promotion? No, you're right! I promised you the truth and that was not it. But, just so you know, that's exactly how it's going down in the made for TV movie. And I'm not compromising on the special effects, either!
What really happened was this:
Muscle guy reached for Jeon and both Ray and Tank rushed him and threw him up against the wall. I grabbed Jeon's arm and we made a quick retreat into the bathroom and I braced my shoulder and body against the door awaiting to fight against whatever wanted to try to make its way in to harm us.
The whole thing probably was only a few seconds, but to me it felt like forever. I began sweating and Jeon wrapped her soft hands around my free hand that was clenched in a fist and, with her comforting touch giving support, I felt empowered to take on any thing that circumstance was ready to throw our way.
Maybe it was those two quick shots of alcohol. Maybe it was the joy that she gets from sucking my dick. I like to think it was that she saw 4 men ready to fight over her and that her husband stepped up to protect her with the odds stacked against them. Maybe it was just a combination of all those things, but she kissed my hand, relaxing my grip, and slowly traced my fingers up her thigh to feel her soping wet pussy.
Now, I know you didn't come here to do homework and take a college entry test, but we can't go on until you tell me what is Dilly's Rule #2?
Who said it? Who in the back of the room just yelled out the correct damn answer?
You're goddamn right I did it!
I got down on my knees and I kissed it! I stuffed my face full of my wife's hot and steamy! I licked on her rice grain til my tongue got tired with cramps circling laps around her clit! Her Asian cunt poured its contents out like a fire hydrant on hot summer day and I bellied up to her sushi raw bar, getting drunk and not wasting a drop of my Jeon Soju! I mean I tried to suck the fuckin Seoul out of her.
Strange how pussy can distract a man from fighting just as easily as it can cause him to want to go to fuckin war over it.
No one entered the bathroom and there was no more noise or commotion to be heard going on the other side of the door and so I thought it was safe for us to try and leave. I went back into the club and learned that the bartender had kicked out muscle guy for violating the club rules of respecting a person's wish to refuse unwanted advances and to say no to sex. I found Ray and Tank and thanked them for the little bit of support they provided in helping me protect my wife, my honor, and our asses. I ordered another round of shots and we all had a few laughs, mostly at my expense, about the whole incident.
Ray and Tank were more than intimidating Black guys to be feared and stereotyped, turned out, they were pretty cool and laidback men and their ability to joke about themselves and others got more than a few giggles out of Jeon. It didn't take much coaxing to convince them to find and pay for a room to fuck a suddenly willing, black aroused, Jeon.
"Y'all gonna wanna butter up some popcorn and watch this," Ray said standing naked over Jeon.
Ray then positioned my wife near the edge of the bed and, cupping his arms under the back of her thighs, had her in the air and firmly skewered on his long black cock like a piece of Korean Bulgogi on a stick.
Wait! So, are we good? Are we all caught up? Are we all on the same page now with the story? That didn't take too long now, did it?
"Wax on, wax off her fuckin' ass!" I encouraged Ray.
Ray started pumping his dick into Jeon at a really fast pace. This was an upper body power fuck position that can't be done for long even with her small weighted body. It was still visually impressive.
Jeon wrapped her hands tightly around his neck and buried her face into his shoulders. It was practically the only thing that she could do in this position. Her jet black hair flew up and down with his thrusts and her tiny feet spun wildly in the air behind his head.
"Just like dribbling a basketball!" Ray said to erase away any doubts in his fucking abilities.
Ray then started strolling around the room with Jeon still impaled to his dick, making idle small talk as he casually fucked away.
"Nice day we're having, dontcha think? Did you happen to see the Hawks last night? How about this Atlanta summer heat? Prices at the gas pumps these days, am I right?"
"Fucking show off! I want a toke, too! Stop hoarding the pussy already! Fuck, fuck pass, muthafucka! My dick wants to get high off some of that tight and spicy kimchi strain, too!" Tank complained as he stroked his can sized dick in anticipation.
Ray returned Jeon to the bed and released her pussy from his dick and rolled over on his back in a heap of sweat.
"Top that," he boasted.
Tank scooped Jeon from the bed, not giving her any time to rest, saying, "Naw, man, you did your thing, and it's all good, but me and Dilly here, we're gonna press rewind on the pussy and go back to the beginning and play the oldskool hits! Back to how I first saw her fine ass!"
He pointed for me to have a seat in the chair and smacked Jeon's ass towards my direction. She sashayed over rubbing her butt as Tank's handprint quickly formed a welt covering most of her small behind. She bent down and got on her knees and started sucking my hard dick for the second time that day.
Tank was a huge rock of a man. I'm sure he was always front and center at all the events he worked security. If I were a coworker or the person he was selected to protect - I'd feel very comfortable with his imposing presence in front of me. To his credit, he knew the damage his fists and his dick could cause to a persons face or a woman's body and came off more like a friendly teddy bear. Ok, he definitely wasn't no teddy bear - probably a kind grizzly is more apt.
He took his time easing himself into Jeon, being cautious and gently rubbing her along her back. Even still, I could tell from the look on her face that she was struggling focusing on my dick, or anything else for that matter, as his man meat began stretching her tight pussy like it had never been stretched before.
He slowly got enough of his thick accessory into her to start to get a steady rhythm going and she uncharacteristically took her hands off of my thighs to grip onto the legs of the chair to balance herself from his thrusts. He then reached over and placed his large hands on the back of her head, clutching a wad of her hair, and forcing her mouth further down on my dick.
"Yeah, this is exactly how I pictured myself fucking this woman," he smiled, "Spitroasted!"
It's rare for me to have two orgasms, but I felt another one quickly coming and I started thrusting my hips harder into her face as Jeon's eyes bulged and her lips contorted as she struggled from the fucking we both were giving her.
Jeon began making primal guttural noises, much to the enjoyment of Ray who started cheering us on from the bed. She released her grip from the chair and raised both her hands into the air indicating that she couldn't take anymore and was surrendering.
Ray, seeing all of this, jumped off of the bed and laid his meat into her outstretched hands and made her start stroking his long dick back to full erection. Tank then licked his index finger and slid it into my wife's ass, plugging her tight Korean kornhole.
"Look at your sexy slut of a wife! She's now airtight!" he grinned.
That's when I couldn't take it anymore and for the first time in our marriage, with her guard down, I decided on my very own, like an all grown up big boy, where exactly I was going to direct my exploding cum! I arched my back and grabbed her head and shot my load straight down her throat. Jeon gurgled and coughed and, as quickly as my load went in and down her gullet, it then reversed itself and came back up in a fit of white, foamy vomit and snot that expelled out her mouth and nose onto my dick and tummy.
Ray, front row and center to the freak show, got all excited and wanted to cum down her throat as well, but his dick would not hold out before I could release my cock from her mouth. He shot his load, hitting the side of her head and into her ear and we both stood watching as it pooled out and hung dangling from her lobe, all shiny and white like a fancy formalwear accessory.
This was not how my Jeon probably ever wanted herself to be seen. She was always particular about the smart and sexy look she conveyed. This image she was now sporting was not it! Hair a mess, covered in cum, makeup smeared across her teary eyed face - I knew she probably wanted to get up and run to the bathroom to clean herself up. Tank and his garbage pail dick, though, had other intentions.
"Now that you two have cum and shot your little BB gun blanks, have a seat and take notes and watch as a real fucker fucks!" he laughed.
He placed his hands on her hips and locked her in a vice grip and began tenderizing her pussy. Her body and head shook like a bobblehead doll given out at the ballpark that was later planted on the dashboard of a moving car. I honestly don't think Ray and I could've separated Tank's dick from the doggystlye fucking he was giving Jeon's pussy even if we threw a pot of cold water on the two.
She raised up once more, but this time I could tell that her body was giving in to a much needed orgasm. She let out a Banshee like scream hoping to exorcise the demon dick that inhabited inside her and collapsed forward onto the dirty motel floor as Tank relentlessly just kept continually pounding, determined to stay in her pussy and fuck away as long as possible.
"Ain't everyday tight ass Asian pussy gonna fall on my dick!" he mockingly repeated the words of their absent coworker.
He pulled his thick dick out of her, leaving in its wake a nasty sucking sound as if the obstruction plugging her pussy pipes had been finally cleared. He then stood over Jeon and shot a porn worthy cumshot that jetted out in a long and neat strip that ran up from the crack of her ass, all the way up into her black hair, marking her backside like Pepe Le Pew.
"Top that!" he then bragged.
So, that's it. That's the end of my tale. What? You want more? You can't just take my rules and be on your way? Did you just come here to read a story on a hot Korean wife and jerk off?
Our bond was broken. Ihon. Jeon and I divorced. Don't act surprised, you should have already seen this sad end coming.
Well, ok, you've gotta legit beef to bring to my Reader Complaints Department - I've not properly explained the ending of our relationship. But, it's not because of any pain on my part in retelling. You've picked up on all the hints I've given you, right? You tell me what YOU think happened?
I'll wait.
Do you think she dumped me to go work at a Target? Did she maybe go and join the Marines? Or, have I overestimated your reading comprehension, that you've not been listening at all to any of my rules or any of the shit I've been telling you and your dumbass really thinks Jeon dumped me because of a sudden love and need to have her pussy filled with bigger cocks than mine that also happened to be attached solely to black guys?
Fuckin H. Christ! Y'all are really going to have me break it down so you can leave here with a neat and tidy ending that'll make you feel better and sleep peacefully with yourself at night? Goddamn, y'all! Goddamn!
It's like I said, it started and ended with two hotdogs and a beer.
We stopped going to Walmarts and never, unfortunately, returned to Trapeze. We still, though, both enjoyed attending baseball games!
It was one of those rare instances that interleague play had the Boston Red Sox scheduled in town to play the Braves for a weekend series. Anybody who was anybody was there! SunTrust Park was packed with fans and I sent Jeon off to the concessions stand and... She never returned.
But before I continue explaining on to the finish, I've got to talk to you about football and Atlanta sports history. Yeah, yeah, just shut up and suck it up. You've already made it this far and I promise, this is the last backtrack of context you will have to put up with.
Atlanta has had some of the greatest and most electrifying athletes ever to play sports do it right here in our fair city. Hammerin Hank, Pistol Pete, Awesome Bill from Dawsonville, Nique, Dale Murphy, Michael Vick and countless others, but, despite all these talented greats, our trophy case legitimizing their time here with a championship has largely been, let's just say, lacking in measurable size.
28-3. Do you know what that means to anyone living here in Atlanta? Said amongst friends and inhabitants of Georgia, it's an acknowledgment of failure. It's a stab right to the center of Atlanta's chest. It's having something you loved and cared for with all your heart being snatched away from your bleeding fingertips as you lay curled on the cold ground in the fetal position pleading, "Why me, Lord? Why me?!" Said by a carpetbagging northerner, well, I guess you're wanting an ass beat down with the hopes of taking in the touristy sites at Grady Memorial's ER.
I can't exactly tell you how it played out, but, in my mind, I've resigned myself into believing that as she stood in line with no money and wearing cutoff shorts exposing her ass cheeks and front cameltoe. Her good looks, yet again, caught the attention of a somebody. In this instance, the somebody was not some horny asshole hoping to cop a feel somebody, but just the right and well connected somebody somebody.
The third inning had ended and Jeon hadn't returned and I started to grow a bit concerned. As I stood from my seat aiming to go check on her, everyone started pointing up to the big screen stadium cam showing Ted Turner's executive suite filled with the likes of both Atlanta's and Boston's famed celebrities and well-to-do's. Chipper Jones, Papi, T. I., Gronkowski, the Wahlberg brothers and Arthur Blank all holding up champagne glasses and waving and smiling big toothed grins back into the camera. Seemingly, laughing and pointing their fingers directly at me. The Dilly. Alone. Standing empty handed in the cheap seats without my wife, hotdog or cold beer.
The cameras then panned to an Asian woman being fondled and playfully giggling as she sat in the lap of the wealthy owner of the New England Patriots. We we're married here in Georgia but I was served with divorce papers from high priced Harvard lawyers and their long named Massachusetts law firm that following Monday morning.
Ssibal-nom-ah! Muthafuckin sonofabitch is right!
There's a popular saying started right here in Atlanta by Black folks that everyone everywhere now know. It describes the feeling of losing out on that promotion to the office brown-noser. Of watching Deion leave the Falcons to go win titles with the 49ers and Cowboys. Or having your #1 bitch start ho'in green for another pimp. "Don't hate the playa, hate the game," is exactly how it goes. Like everything I've told you, it's true. I didn't come up with the saying, others more wiser and creative than me came up with it, so I can't call it a Dilly, but it has become the 3rd and final rule I live by.
It hurt seeing Jeon there, but i'm not mad at her. I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth. When you are poor, or come from a middle income family, it's hard to miss the taste of caviar if you can't spell it or even know what the fuck it is.
I don't stay up at night second guessing or crying over the end of our marriage. I can wrap my head around how the person who stood by me in the sleazy bathroom of a sex club, ready to fight against this messed up world, could also find herself on the lap of an aging, gray haired billionaire. Turns out that the same modest upbringing that left her greedy for sex also made her long for the wealth and privilege her family had once came from.
What now?
Still don't get it? You don't understand the 3rd rule? You don't know how to apply hating the game to this particular circumstance?
Well, I lied. I lied to you. You came all this way and invested your time and energy into a story, that I guarantee you, is 100% all true. I have only not been forthcoming with the raw emotion that I felt and I think you can forgive a Dilly for that!
Look, when you lose your wife like that, you hate on whoever the hell you can and however the fuck you're able!
C'mon! Y'all know how this ended. Don't play dumb. You saw how everything that went wrong made national headlines. Granted, you just didn't see the Dilly name attached to any of the fucked up shit that went down.
I still love the woman and I always will! Do you understand? Jeon was, and still is, in my mind, my wife and I would never direct my anger towards her. But, Jeon wasn't the only thing I discovered through all this that I had a loving bond to. Jeon maybe forever gone, but I also still loved this city.
Atlanta was on my mind through all the subsequent events that followed and served as a fulfilling well that I drank my fill from to help strengthen my steely motivation.
I thought of Jamal Anderson and the Dirty Birds. I thought of all those poor souls on their knees working for a Fortune 500 company, but still having to apply for welfare to get by. I thought of the guy who just wanted to sit down after a hard week with a beer in hand and watch his team play. The Tuck Rule, Spygate, Deflategate! I thought of the countless, inexplainable noncalls and penalties I saw, with my very own eyes, Roger Goodell, the NFL, and its referees orchestrated together against the Falcons to steal away Atlanta's destined championship to gift to its team of northern favor.
Did I say, "I did it?" Am I giving you here an admission of guilt?
Fuck no!
Let's just say that I know of a certain someone, not me, who knows some certain people, that I don't know of, but who are really cool and knowledgeable and sympathetic to a marital situation, such as mine, who also happen to have somewhat of a background in security and were able to obtain valuable information that that particular someone, again, not me, was then able to use to one day find themselves, by sheer coincidence, standing across the street from a Florida massage parlor, under criminal investigation for trafficking foreign women in for sex work, with a burner phone in hand that could only call the crime stoppers tip line at the office of the county sheriff to inform them that an attentive local citizen, I never met and, again, not me, had just observed a certain NFL owner, with an attraction to women of Asian persuasion, was maybe, possibly, for sure walking in to said establishment on a January afternoon just a few weeks before his team had backed its way into playing for yet another football title.