Saturday morning. I love sleeping in. It was 11 am, and promised to be a hot July day. I woke up hard, despite the flogging I gave my dick the night before. "Seems a shame to waste this" I thought, so I closed my eyes and started stroking. All I could think of was Nancy, my 19 year old neighbor. She had moved back in with her folks after her first year of college. Her dad and I had fixed up an apartment in the basement for her so she could have some privacy. The remod including adding a separate entrance and two big windows where the yard sloped away from the house. Tall and slim, she had an athletic body topped with a shock of short red hair and freckles. I always thought she was a cutie, but never really noticed her... until six weeks ago.
I had been taking a swim around 3 am (I work until midnight) when I saw headlights swing into her drive. She walked down the steps into her apartment and the lights came on. I'll admit, I had a few beers, or what happened next would never have happened. When I was younger I went through a phase of peeping in on my neighbors, which stopped after almost getting caught.
But when I saw Nancy walk into her place, it stirred up some old feelings. I put on my sweats and shoes and crept into her backyard.
Nancy was just coming out of her bathroom with a towel wrapped around her. I could see her by the light of the television as she dropped her towel. She was gorgeous. Tall, with small, pert breasts, tiny waist, narrow hips, and a tight little ass. Her freckles spread down from her face and covered half her chest, which were only made more beautiful by the curly red hair that fell down to her neck. As she flopped on the bed, I thought how long it had been since I had seen a girl this beautiful. My wife had died seven years ago, and before that there were some girls in college, but seeing Nancy lying there, her legs slightly open, I almost forgot to breathe. Her pussy was as smooth as silk. My cock had a mind of it's own, and had sprung to full attention. I just stared for a few moments, mesmerized. I hadn't even dared dream it, but it happened: her hand slid down her belly to her slit, and she started to massage herself. I hadn't ever seen a woman indulge herself like this. I had never been this lucky back when I was peeping, my girlfriends and wife either were too shy or put on a "show" based on whatever porn they had seen, but this was real: a very pretty girl pleasuring herself. I felt a little ashamed to be watching such a private act, but couldn't turn away.
She stirred herself faster and faster, her fingers plunging into her slit. They shimmered in the TV glow. As she writhed on the bed, I dreamed it was my hand, my tongue, my face, my cock that was in place of her hand.
She came beautifully, her back arching, thighs twitching, fingers and toes curling, breathing in short, quick pants. As she lay there I saw her reach for her remote so I bolted out of there, went up to my bedroom and came as hard as I ever have in 20 seconds... and again in 10 minutes... and again in an hour. She haunted my dreams all night.
I was addicted. I found out she was working at a bar four nights a week, and every late night I was waiting to see the headlights flash across the driveway to indicate it was showtime. And while the plot didn't vary much, each show was a treasure to me. I started noticing the smallest details. She had gotten a small green navel piercing, had a tiny mole on the left side of her pussy, she was opening her legs a little wider, rubbing and pinching her breasts. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, and I knew I'd have to stop or I'd get caught. Getting caught would be bad. I'd be arrested and probably have to register as a sex offender. I'd surely have to move. I knew I'd have to quit... but not right now.
As I lay there that Saturday morning, stroking my dick and thinking of Nancy, I knew I'd have to stop soon. I had thought of recording her but that seemed so wrong. A recording wouldn't be that same, it wouldn't include the risk of exposure, the hint of danger that I knew was just as arousing as watching Nancy.
"Whatcha' doin' Mr. Jackson?"
My eyes popped open. Nancy was standing in my bedroom doorway!
I scrambled to cover myself, but my sheet was at the foot of the bed, so I just cupped my hands hands over my dick. Fortunately, it was shrinking already.
"Nancy, what are you doing here..." I stammered.
"Oh, I came over for a swim, and there were no towels downstairs, so I came up to get some. I didn't think you were home. You left you door open. That's almost like leaving your drapes open, isn't it?" She flashed a crooked little grin. "Are you embarrassed?"
"Well, yes." I could barely speak.
"Oh, I understand. It's weird to find out someone's spying on you." She raised one eyebrow, paused, and gave me a big smile. "It could be something else though. Is it cause I'm overdressed?"
She was wearing a two piece suit, cutoffs and sandals. She reached behind her and untied her top, then pushed down her pants and bottom. In seconds she was naked. "Is this better?" she asked.
I was frozen.
"Kitty got you tongue?" She giggled, and climbed onto the bed, putting her feet on the headboard. Her pussy was inches from my face, her face inches from my cock.
"Isn't a closeup so much nicer?"
"Nancy, what..."
She pried my fingers away from my cock, and started rubbing it. "I know you've been spying on me."
"What... how... what do you mean?"
"I was working in the garden and saw some shoe prints in the dirt. I raked over them, but they were back two days later. Their kinda distinctive, size 14 All Stars. I didn't know who it could be, and thought about calling the cops, but then I saw your shoes at the barbecue last month. I knew it was you. It was such a rush knowing, I ran to the upstairs bathroom just to stare at you and rub one out. I get wet just driving home, knowing you'd be waiting to watch."
My dick was getting harder and harder with each stroke, but I had to make some effort to stop. This was so wrong! "Nancy, you can't do this. I've known you since you were a baby, besides I'm twice your age, and your pops will kill me if he finds out about this."
She gave me a big smile. "I don't care about your age. My dad isn't going to know anything. And besides, it's only fair. You ruined me."
My head spun. "I ruined you? What are you talking about?"
She sighed. "Last year after my eighteenth birthday party, I came downstairs for a glass of water. It was so hot and dad hadn't been able to fix the air conditioning. I was staring out the back window, I couldn't believe how bright the moon was. It was like a pale blue version of daylight. The moonlight was bouncing off the water of your pool, and I thought of sneaking over for a quick dip. But I saw the water rippling, and you swam into sight. You walked up the stairs and I saw your naked ass, then you turned a little and I saw you in profile. You cock stuck straight out. Yours was the first man-sized dick I ever saw. Then you started to stroke it. I couldn't believe it, you were standing only thirty feet away! I reached under my nightshirt and started rubbing myself. When you went faster, so did I. Then you came. I saw your hips start to shake and your jizz exploding out. I never saw that before, and I came so hard I almost fell over. You went inside and I went to bed, but I never forgot what I saw. Every since, whenever I've been with a man, I see your cock. I've even been with guys that were bigger, but it doesn't matter. I've been ruined."
I remembered that night. It had been six years since my wife died, I still missed her terribly. She loved the moon, we first made love under a full moon. I had been drinking and sweating, and took a dip. We had skinny dipped all the time. When I got out, I was still thinking of her and tossed one off while I thought of her. That was when I knew it was time to move on with my life. But I had no idea I had an audience.
"Nancy, I'm so sorry..."
"Don't be sorry! It was one of the best things I ever saw. But this," she said with a grin, "is better. And bigger, I think."
It was true. My cock was as hard as it had ever been even when I was a teenager.
"What do you think of my puss?"
I tore my eyes away from her eyes (those emerald green eyes!) and looked down. It was different, there was a downy auburn peach fuzz. I didn't think it was possible, but my dick got even harder.
"Why?" I asked.
"I was in the kitchen and heard you talking with the other parents at the barbecue. Mrs. O'Neil and my mom were talking about having just gotten fully waxed, and everyone was commenting. Mr. Thomas asked you what you thought, you said you thought it looked good, but you preferred a little fur. I stopped waxing that day."
She did look good. A splash of freckles, a little orange muff. I wanted to rub my face all over. "Touch it" she said. I ran my fingers lightly over her mound, so soft. Her slit was dry, until I ran my thumb over it with a little pressure and her wetness leaked out. As I ran my thumb up and down, she shivered. I looked up at her face, her eyes were closed and her head thrown back.
"Oh" she muttered, "Enough is enough." Sitting up, she threw her leg over my chest. She looked down at me, smiled, and slid down my belly. Her ass enveloped my dick, then she slid right over it. As she lifted herself up, she grabbed my cock, rubbing it into her pussy, and dropped down. I slid into her so very quickly. She bounced up and down, back and forth, my dick felt as if it were in a plush whirlpool. It was all I could do to hang on to her hips and enjoy. I knew I couldn't last long with this beauty riding me, I felt my balls tightening up to explode and I knew I was only seconds away. Luckily, she had an even shorter fuse than me and she began to come. Her breathing turned into tiny pants, she grabbed her breasts and pinched her nipples, and her pussy began squeezing me. As she arched her back, I came as hard as I ever have. I was bouncing, she was bouncing, how we didn't end up on opposite sides of the room I'll never know. There was no way this lasted more than a minute... but it was a long minute. She collapsed down on me, I smelled her hair and panted, and tried to catch my breath. I finally got to nuzzle her tits.
She chortled "I've wanted to do that for a year, and it was better than I ever thought it would be."
"I've wanted to do this for six weeks," I countered "but I never thought it would be that intense."
We lay there for a while, completely spent. She ran her hand over my dick, but it wasn't doing anything. She looked at me, I said "Nothing's happening there for a while, I'm not Superman."
"I bet I could get something going" she said with a sly grin.
I laughed and said "Is that all I am to you, just a stiff dick?"
"Well... you've got a tongue, lips, nice hands and fingers. I guess I'll have to try them all out soon." She kissed me deeply, then she rolled off the bed and pulled on her suit. "I have to take a quick dip before work," she smiled "I'm a little dirty."
She laughed again when she saw my face. "Relax, I don't go back to school for two months. Don't think you're getting off the hook this easily, you're going to have to earn my forgiveness Mr. Spy. After all, you ruined me."
She stopped in the doorway and turned. "You know I'm working the bar tonight till two. I'm sure you'll see me then. Just follow my lead." She walked out, I heard her splash into the pool a few seconds later.
I just lay there, spent but excited. "Two months till school!" I thought. I might die trying, but I was up for anything.
But what the hell did "follow my lead" mean?
I guess I'd find out at two.