Amanda was in her forties. A married woman who loved to eat and had very voracious appetite and today was no exception. There was one particular thing she enjoyed and she didn't mind where or when she got or the amount she had, the more the better in her eyes.
She was in the library doing returns when an older, quite handsome and dignified man approached her.
'Excuse me Miss but do you work here I'm looking for a book.' She looked at the man and put her finger to her lips and pointed to the sign which read 'Complete Silence Please.' Then with the same finger motioned him to the back of the library.
'What book are you looking for?' She whispered smiling at him with her beautiful blue eyes. He whispered back the title and her eyes lit up.
'I know where that is, let me just put these books away please.' She whispered and the man nodded. She started to climb the ladder to the top shelf with the three books she was replacing and knowing old man could see up her short dress.
The old man look up in amazement. He saw the woman was wearing stockings and suspenders. He saw she wasn't wearing any knickers and he saw her smooth cunt and her asshole was plugged with a jewelled toy.
He felt his cock stir for the first time in years and she wriggled her ass as she slotted the books back in place. Then he watched her slowly descend the ladder until her heels hit the wooden floor. She turned to face the old man who looked very flushed.
'Right so you want the History of sex in oral format? Well I can give you that! Follow me please. Amanda walked down to the far corner of the library with the old man in tail. She stopped and turned.
'It's here!' She promptly crouched down in front of him and before he knew what was happening she'd unzipped and pulled out his cock and balls. His cock was small and limp but his balls impressed her. They hung low and heavy, no doubt they'd not been emptied in years. She could live with a small dick if he emptied those big balls in to her belly.
She took him her mouth and sucked him, making him groan in remembrance of the feeling. He was impressively and grew to about 5" so easy for her to take. She knew he wouldn't last long but that didn't bother her, she could always find bigger with more stamina. She felt she legs trembling and knew he was about to cum. He groaned louder and Amanda felt and tasted his first squirt and swallowed it. Because he wasn't big it filled her mouth not her throat.
She had to swallow quickly due to the amount he was producing so she didn't lose a precious drop. When she'd completely drained him she simply stood and left him. She walked out of the library with a big smile on her face and a belly full of thick, salty vintage spunk. The old man staggered to the counter with a dazed look on his face.
'Can I help you Sir. Have you found what you came for?' Asked the young woman behind the counter, confused at his state.
'Oh I have found a lot more! I only came in for a aural History book for my wife. She'd partially sighted so audio book but your colleague gave me a lot more. She gave some excellent service. I will definitely coming back.' He managed a smile and was about to leave when the young librarian questioned.
'What woman? I'm the only one working today?' The man smiled to himself confused but satisfied. The librarian smiled to herself knowing Amanda had been up to her old tricks again.
Amanda walked down the high street wondering where to go next and spotted a lingerie boutique and decided to have a look. She walked in to the quiet shop and headed to the hosiery and corsetry section. She browsed it for a couple of minutes when she noticed and man in his late twenties nervously browsing the bras and knickers section. She smiled and confidently walked over to him.
'Hello! Can I help you sir? Do you know what you're looking for?' He gave a nervous smile almost squirming that he'd been spotted by a female member of staff.
'Errr yes I think so! I'm looking for bra and panties set.' He was flushed from embarrassment but Amanda smiled and nodded.
'Ok! So who is it for? Your wife? Your girlfriend or the other woman?' Amanda enjoyed to tease and was good at it. She knew if he wasn't hard now he would be soon.
'I don't understand! What's the difference?' He looked at Amanda confused at what she'd asked him. Surely underwear was underwear.
'Well if it's for your wife you know what she likes and wears. Something like this. It's full cup and larger knickers.' She picked up a set to show him.
'If it's for your girlfriend you might not know as well or still in that fun stage so you might want something like this. It's a half cupped bra which show off more breast and a thong that cuts both ways if you know what I mean.' Amanda fingered the gusset of the thong showing how thin it was. She noticed the man was starting to sweat a little and a bulge had become obvious.
'Now for the other woman I'd recommend something like this. As you can see there's not much too it but most of it gets in the way anyway. It's a quarter cup bra which basically holds the boobs in place but her nipples are totally exposed. The knickers are crotchless for quick and easy access.' One again Amanda fingered the knickers this time through the crotch. By the look on the young man's face she was worried he might cum in his pants so she had an idea.
'So which is it? The wife, girlfriend or other woman?' Amanda asked trying to tease an answer from him before it was too late.
'Well it's for my wife but that seems a little boring than the other two? Which would you have?' He replied trying to deflect the questions and attention.
'Follow me sir!' Amanda turned and led the man in to the changing area and offered him a cubicle. He was uncertain what to do and she practically pushed him and drew the curtain, standing in front of the man.
'This is what I prefer!' She grabbed the hem of her dress and lifted it above her waist exposing her stockings, suspenders and smooth naked cunt. The man's face was a picture of shock but he was even more shocked when she crouched down and pull out his 7" hard cock and started wanking it.
'An improvement!" That's all she said as she took him in her mouth and started to tease his head with her tongue then started sucking. The man was flabbergasted by Amanda's actions but wasn't going to complain. His wife rarely sucked his cock and when she did it was nothing like this. He couldn't believe it as Amanda took his full length with ease and even held it there.
Although his cock was bigger than the old man his balls were a lot smaller and she was worried she wasn't going to a decent load. She was going to encourage him to cum hard but at least he had some stamina. This moans and groans were not of a cumming man but one very much enjoying her skills especially the way she could wrap her tongue and squeeze like an anaconda crushing its prey.
Amanda slipped her hand between his thighs and cupped his balls and began to massage then, stimulating his seed and the man whose moans got louder. In those few seconds she'd got him close and she was ready for him. His tip barely touched the back of her throat but his bags now inflated rubbed against her chin.
'Aaaahhhh! Oh god I'm cumming!' Amanda never wasted an opportunity when a man said he was about to cum in her mouth or throat. She turned the pressure up determined to make him explode. She felt his first spurt hit the back of her throat and she was a little surprised and delighted it was so powerful and swallowed it instantly then came a series of weaker but pleasant less powerful but thick squirts that filled her mouth before she swallowed. When he finally ceased Amanda ensured nothing remained and stood up passing the man the skimpiest lingerie. She turned smiling and left.
The man did his best to tidy up but a leak stained his trousers as he walked out of the changing room dazed, confused but with a huge smiled on his face carrying the skimpy black lingerie.
'Are you ok Sir? You seem a little perplexed!' The owner of the shop asked as he walked up to the counter and laid down the items.
'I'm fine thank you! I'll take these. Your assist certainly knows her stuff!' He still seemed glazed over as the woman put the items in to a bag and rang in the amount.
'£50 sir. Cash or card?' He automatically took his wallet and laid £50 on the counter, taking the bag and was about to leave when the woman spoke.
'Your receipt. I don't have an assistant. I run this place alone!' It was then as the man turned back to her looking puzzled that she noticed the stain on his trousers and realised what had happened. She'd threatened to bar Amanda on many occasions but the truth was every time she'd done it the man spent a lot money. She'd be better off giving her a job. It would be a win, win, win situation.
Amanda headed through the park wanting more. She decided to get a bus to go to a quiet pub she knew not far from home. After waiting a couple of minutes a bus arrived and she got on heading upstairs to the back of the bus. The bus upstairs was empty and left her feeling a little disappointed as she was still feeling very horny after her first two blowjobs. She sat down and spread her legs. The bumpy bus made her tits bounce and that made her nipples hard. Her fingers reached her wet cunt and she rubbed her lips and teased out her clit. She was rubbing away when the bus stopped and heard someone climbing the steps.
He was still in uniform the young man that got on and walked towards the back the bus and sat down two seats from Amanda. From where he was he couldn't see her fingering herself so she continued to edge herself closer. He was good looking and familiar then it clicked, it was her neighbour's son John and it looked like he was bunking off.
'Hi! You're John aren't you, Dave and Sheila's son! I'm Amanda your neighbour. Are you bunking school? You've got your exams soon! You shouldn't be bunking, what if your mum and dad found out! They'd go ape shit!' The lad looked at her and shrugged his shoulders, noticing her arm was moving which looked odd.
'What's up sweetie? Cat got your tongue or are you just shy in front of older women? A good looking lad like you must have had lots of girlfriends! Is that where you're going? Bunking off to bunk up with your latest girlfriend? A bit of physical biology?' Amanda was getting very close and her teasing and taunting was getting to her too. Finally the boy spoke.
'I don't have a girlfriend! I've never had a girlfriend! Satisfied?' She could tell he was getting a bit frustrated with her line of questions but she hoped it would spur him on to some indecent act with her. Her cunt was leaking on to the seat she was so wet and wanted him to see it for possibly the first time.
'Oh sweetie are you a virgin? How cute. So have you never seen a girl or woman naked? Do you know what to do? Come sit John and let's talk. After all you don't want your parents to find out do you?' Amanda watched as he reluctantly got up and moved towards her and then she saw his mouth drop and eyes bulge as he discovered why her arm was moving so much. Her dress was hitched up and she was pumping two fingers deep inside her smooth, soaking cunt. His dick grew immediately.
'What's up John other than your cock? You never seen a woman fingering her own cunt? Come closer John, sit next to me.' It was like he was in a trance, his eyes never left her cunt. Then as if he wasn't shocked enough Amanda did something he'd never dreamed she'd do. She pulled her fingers from her cunt and put them in her mouth and sucked her own juices from her fingers.
'Mmmmmm! I taste wonderful! You try John! Finger my cunt and taste my juices!' Before he could do or say anything she grabbed his hand and guided it between her spread thighs and pushed two fingers inside her wet cunt.
'Oh fuck John that feels good! Finger fuck me until I cum and I'd show you my appreciation!' John couldn't believe he was fingering his mature sexy neighbour. He couldn't believe how wet she was. He couldn't believe how hard his cock was.
'Harder John! Deeper! I'm cumming!' He sped up! Fingering her cunt hard and he felt her cum on his hand. It was like she was peeing on his hand. Warm and wet.
'God yes John that's it! Can you feel my cumming you naughty boy! You've definitely got the right technique. Taste me John! Taste my cum!' John pulled his fingers from Amanda's cunt and sucked them. She tasted amazing as he cleaned his fingers of her cum.
'Good boy! Now it's your turn to cum. Get your cock out for me John! I'm going to give you your first blowjob and you're going to cum in my mouth and I'm going to swallow every single drop!' Amanda still getting over her wonderful orgasm watched the boy fumble with his button and zipped before pulled his hard, very sizeable cock.
'Wow John! You're big for your age! I'm going to have to nurture you from now one and make you grow even more! Now please don't cum too soon! I want to enjoy this too!' Amanda opened her mouth and went down on the boy and toyed with him making him moan with pleasure for the first time in his life from oral pleasure. He watched her head bob up and down as she took more of him.
'Oh fuck! This is amazing!' He looked down to see Amanda's eyes looking at him as she took his full length. He placed his hands on her shoulders to steady himself. This was the newest and by far the best experience of his young life. Then it got even better as Amanda got faster and sucked harder. She wanted his young seed and he was about to give her it.
'Oh god! I think I'm there! Oh fuck yes I am! Aaaahhhh!' Amanda took him all the way, his pumping balls nestled against her chin as squirt after squirt of delicious, thick young spunk pumped in to her mouth and slid wonderfully down her throat. For a young boy he came a lot and left Amanda very satisfied.
'Thank you John! That was delicious. I hope you enjoyed it too!' He could barely believe what had just happened never mind speak and simply nodded his agreement.
'Good! Now I promise to keep this secret and the fact you're been bunking off if you promise next time you're feeling horny and fancy knocking one out you message me with a picture of your hard cock and if I can we'll meet somewhere and I will gladly help you! I don't want you wasting anymore of your precious seed! Now put your cock away before you get caught! Deal?' Amanda tweaks her hard nipples and flashed her cunt once more at John just as a reminder of what he would get from his side of the bargain.
'Deal!' He replied as he tucked his spunky cock back in to his shorts and zipped up still bewildered by what had just happened and what she had just offered him.
'Pass me your phone and I'll add my details.' John passed her his phone and she tapped in her number and added it to his contacts. Then before passing him it back took a couple of selfies, one of her tits and one of her juicy cunt. Then handed it back to him.
'Something to remind you of me and to get you hard and horny. Remember our deal! I'll be seeing you soon. My stop!' She stood up, kissed him on the cheek. She rang the bell and walked down the bus to the steps. She waved back and disappeared down the steps. As she got off the bus she felt her cunt juices running down her inner thighs and soaking in to her stocking tops.
Amanda walked in to The Landlord's Pint and bought a glass of wine. She often came in to find a drunk who'd buy her a drink or two in exchange for a blowjob. They always thought they were getting the better deal but Amanda knew better.
She sat on the high bar stool, legs crossed showing her stocking tops when a man in his forties walked over and offered to buy her a drink. Amanda accepted. He was good looking but a little worse for wear even though it was only 2pm.
'Fucking bitch doesn't understand I have needs too!' He remarked as Amanda took the wine he bought her.
'A blowjob now and again would be nice but she doesn't like to, it's dirty!' He was drunk and Amanda knew what that meant. He wouldn't cum too soon. It might take time to get it up. She might have to wait awhile for his load. Amanda might have to encourage him to cum. She like that.
'That's not fair! It's a wife's duty to suck her husband's cock! I suck my husband off at least twice a day and swallow! He's always generous and grateful for it. Sometimes he even pays me for it because he liked the idea of paying for benefits.' Amanda watched the man's eyes grow at the suggestion of paying for a blowjob.
'Your husband is very lucky! How much does a blowjob cost him?' The man was contemplating paying for a blowjob depending on her rate.
'£20 normally! It's a pound per inch and then a pound per squirt!' The man realised her husband must be hung or a big cummer or possibly both.
'He is very big though and a very heavy cummer! I wonder how much I'd charge you. Follow me in to the ladies in two minutes.' Amanda slid off the bar stool and wiggled in to the toilet and in to the first cubicle.
The man was stood there in disbelief before down his pint and following Amanda after a couple of minutes in to the ladies toilet. The first cubicle door was slightly ajar and he heard moaning coming from it. He pushed it open and saw Amanda sat on the loo. She removed her big tits from her dress and with one hand was fondling them and tweaking her big nipples. She'd hitched her dress up and spread her legs and he watched as two fingers were fucking her smooth, naked cunt furiously. She was on a mission to cum.
'Come in and shut the door then drop your jeans and pants and show me what you got!' He breathing was hard and deep like her finger and the man locked the door and stood in front of her and dropped his jeans and pants. The man was sizeable and limp and his head was big and bulbous. He watched her lick her lips and she took him in hand.
'Mmmmmm! Not a back size! Let's see how big you get!' She pulled back the man's skin and took his limp cock in to her mouth. There was something about sucking a limp cock she enjoyed, probably the thought of it hardening in her mouth and the anticipation and realisation of how big it was when she'd made it hard.
Sometimes after a heavy night of drinking and fucking her husband took his time to stiffen and Amanda would enjoy using her oral skills to get him there. She would try out new techniques until his huge cock was fully erect.
After about 5 minutes of sucking and teasing the man had managed a semi erection and he was well over 7" long but she knew there was more to come. One technique her husband enjoyed and she found worked quickly was to insert a finger or 2 in to his ass hole and gently finger him as she sucked but she had to be careful, too gung-ho could make the man cum immediately. His moans were reassuring Amanda he was enjoying it and desperate to get hard.
'What's up sweetie? You were dying for blowjob and giving you the best one you've ever had and you're not getting fully hard for me! Try harder!' Amanda was getting a little frustrated and took him to the balls and fingered her cunt harder. She hoped the combo of a deep throating and her cumming would spark him in to life. It work and she came she felt his cock grow in her throat. She pulled back to see his size.
'Mmmmmm! Nice 10"! That's a tenner you owe now let's see how many squirts you can do!' She took his full length once again and his moans got louder. They'd been in the loo 20 minutes and Amanda was slightly anxious that someone might come in just as he was cumming in her mouth so she decided to shock him in to cumming. She pulled her soaked fingers out of her cunt, nicely lubricated for his tight hole. She kept his mind on her oral skills while she prepared to invade him.
He thought she was pulling him deeper when she grabbed his ass but the beer and the pleasure had blunted his thinking and before he knew he felt 2 fingers inserted deep in to his ass. He yelped like a dog from the shock but she'd got him trapped.
'Oh fuck you bitch! What the fuck! Oh Jesus I'm think I'm gunna cuuummm!' Amanda forced her fingers deep and felt him ejaculate in to mouth and throat. He came very and she swallowed every drop, counting his squirts. Finally he finished exhausted after his marathon oral session.
'Well that was quite a performance eventually. I counted 9 shots! Well done! 10" and 9 shots, call it £20 for cash.' Almost hypnotically the man dug out his wallet and handed Amanda £20 as she tucked her breasts back in to her dress and the straightened her hem. She left without a word as the man just stood there, limp again, dripping cum on to the tiled floor.
Amanda left just in time. As she opened the door two mature ladies of moral looks walked in and Amanda got no more than 10 feet from the toilet door before she heard two loud screams and left the pub laughing to herself as she decided to go home full on life and spunk.
Mark had just finished his sandwich when Amanda walked in. He turned and smiled at her. He'd been busy in the garden and was still sweating in just his shorts.
'Hi Honey! Good morning? Not bought anything?' He asked causally unaware of his wife's antics that morning.
'No but I got lucky and found £20 just blowing around!' She smiled at her secret little pun.
'Hungry? I can make you something?' He asked and noticed her stiff nipples and creased dress but gave it no additional thought.
'No I've eat load! I'm stuffed!' Her belly for full of stranger's seed and she was satisfied for now.
'No room for a little one?' He asked with a glint in his eye. Amanda knew exactly what he meant. It was their little joke.
'Ok! But in my special place. Look I was feeling naughty this morning and if made it accommodating for you!' Amanda turned around and bent over pulling up her dress and showing Mark her plugged sexy bottom.
'Very naughty Amanda!! You know I'm fine with that once you've sucked me hard!' Mark dispatched his shorts and walked over to Amanda, his colossal cock swinging between his thighs. Amanda crouched down and took him in her mouth. It was as long and thick as a baby arm and his head was like a baby's clenched fist.
Amanda sucked hard and felt Mark growing in her mouth and sliding down her throat. The best thing about Mark's cock other than its length and girth was its kink. About 3 inches from its tip it bend upward which gave her a wonderful feeling when deep throating him. She took him deep and covered his shaft in saliva.
'Come on then big boy, give me all you got!' Amanda stood up and bent over the table. Amanda loved to suck and swallow but taking Mark's massive cock up her arse was heavenly. She felt him unplug her and then his massive tip rub against her bum hole.
'Slam it in big boy! I need filling again!' Mark ignored her comment and rammed his 12 inches in to her ass making Amanda grasp with pleasure.
Fuck that's so good!! Fill me babe! I need your seed more than ever. I've not had it today yet!' She purred as Mark began to brutally fuck her ass just how she liked and she knew his load would surpass everything she's already had so far today.