Movie Night
*****​
For a treat my wife took me out to our favourite cinema. She said that I had been a 'good boy' over the past couple of weeks doing my chores and generally behaving myself and she had also realised that it had been a while since she had seen anyone suck me off. She likes to see that.
Went to 'our local', a small club with a cinema room and three large couches which kind of surround the screen, one either side almost at right angles and one at the back of the room by the entrance facing the screen. It's very cosy.
We got there early and got the best seat facing the screen but it wasn't long before we had company when a married couple (I think they were married, we'd seen them before) came in with another guy, a skinny guy, who we hadn't seen before. I certainly recognised the woman; who could forget the sight of her huge tits!
We all sat there half-heartedly watching the movie but no one was doing anything other than my wife who was paying more attention to the skinny guy who had taken the seat by the entrance. She had also noticed that I was rubbing my dick through my pants so she kind of put two and two together and told me to get my cock out and to go and sit beside him.
I whipped it out as commanded and went over. He moved to make room for me on the couch but he never touched me until after he had got to his knees and without hesitation started sucking just like the action that was taking place on the screen. He was good and I helped him get more comfortable by pushing my pants down completely. He appreciated that as it gave him better access and as he settled to his task several other people came in to see my big cock being sucked by this wimpy guy.
It was great for there's only a curtain closing off the well-lit room outside and whenever anyone came in, my seat was lit up like a spotlight. I loved it, my wife loved it, she knows I'm such a fucking exhibitionist and anytime someone came through the door it was great, I felt just like being on centre stage.
The other guy, not so much, I don't think he liked being the centre of attention so after five minutes in, he pats my leg, gets up and leaves me there with my big dick sticking up all wet from his saliva. My wife shared my disappointment but, no worries, an older guy who had been watching leaned in and asked if he could take over and suck it.
I told him, "Of course, be my guest" and he sort of shyly took hold of my hard cock and gave me a lick. I don't think he had done it before, he wasn't all that good at sucking it but I thought that everyone has a first time and that he needed to be encouraged to get better so I lay back and let him have his way. My wife said later that I was considerate to do so.
While he was sucking the male of the married couple looked over approvingly and asked if I would like to join them. He said that he had not seen such a large cock as mine in a long while.
I said I didn't want to be rude and interrupt so I told him I would, "let this guy suck for a little bit more and then I'll come and join you."
With my wife's agreement I let the novice suck for 5 more minutes before I gently pushed him away and went to join the couple. I stood up, kicked off my pants which had pooled around my ankles and nude from the waist down, with my cock hard as a rock sticking straight out I went over to their couch. I took my time and circled the theatre showing off to anyone who cared to look as I made my way to the couple. I was gratified when I reached their seat for his wife with her big wide eyes (and big bare tits) say something to the effect of, "I think my husband needs to suck something that big!"
I obliged and as I stood and let him suck me I pulled her head closer to his mouth and told her she was welcome to play with my balls. She liked that idea and as she played with me, I played with her tits until I felt that delicious feeling welling up and suddenly I came really hard in his mouth. I pulled out and he turned to her and shared my cum with his wife (who was still caressing my balls) with a big soul kiss. Damn, that was hot to see.
My wife thought so too and as I made my way back to my couch she took my place, hitched up her skirt and straddled the guy. It made for an equally delicious sight to look over and see her fucking this guy and for his wife to be masturbating herself as my wife leaned over and sucked at those big tits that I had just been sucking myself.
The old guy who had previously been sucking at me was still seated where I had left him. I told him that perhaps he would like to practice some more while we watched the movie and my wife on the other side of the room. He willingly agreed and I let him suck it again while I stroked his somewhat smaller cock until he came all over my hand.
For a cuckold such as me, it made for a great night out. I'm not sure why she doesn't take me there more often.
*******​