Neil and I chatted extensively on the drive home, about old times and some of the things they did to me and some of the things I did to him, his brothers and some members of their camera club. It was reminiscing talk among old friends but the subject matter was very sexual. Before you knew it we were pulling into my driveway, with Neil wearing a huge naughty grin.
I'd been rubbing his cock all the way home as he drove and talked about some of our antics. My other hand was gently stroking my pussylips, and this was the position we were in when Neil parked in my driveway. I saw the curtain upstairs move as I leant forward, stroking Neils huge cock and moving my lips over the head of his majestic weapon. My mouth reached the shaft as my tongue swirled around his blood engorged cock head. Neil groaned, looking up at the window, knowing full well that my hubby was looking down watching his wife suck another man's cock!
I was performing a world class blowjob. Stroking his huge shaft with my right hand and tickling his large balls with my left hand. My tongue and lips were sending Neil wild with desire as I removed my coat, revealing the sexy lingerie I've just been fucked in. The light from our doorway was illuminating the inside of Neil's car, just enough to show hubby everything that was taking place. I was kneeling on the passenger seat, sucking Neil's cock with my naked ass high in the air.
Considering how much sex we had just enjoyed, Neil was still rock hard and only seconds from emptying his spunk in to my mouth. I felt his cock twitch and convulse as a strong spurt of hot seed splashed the back of my throat. I moaned and swallowed as he continued to spurt inside my mouth. After five strong spurts, his cock became motionless. I continued to lick and suck his spent cock, glancing up at the window to still see the silhouette of my anxious husband.
I'd swallowed every drop that Neil could offer, as I sat upright, holding his flagging cock. Hubby would be able to see his wife's hand around a saliva coated spent cock, whispering and giggling to the owner of the cock.
"You're still the best dirty slut we ever had!" Neil smiled.
"You and Tom keep fucking me like that and there will be dirtier times ahead!" I smiled.
I gave Neil a peck on the cheek and said I would see him on Tuesday, where I will be taken to heights of ecstasy wearing thigh length boots. Placing my coat over my shoulders, I climbed out of Neils car, collecting my bag from the back seat and walked up to my front door. Neil began to reverse out of my drive, his headlights shining directly on me, giving any of my neighbours a clear view of my sexy lingerie, shaved pussy and exposed breasts.
As his car left my driveway, he turned on to the street and drove off. I was just about to place my key in the door when it sprung open, with hubby standing in the frame with an excited look spread across his face.
My coat was draped over my shoulders, with my slut lingerie on full display, but Hubby had outshone me, opening the door stark naked, with an enormous erection thrusting outward. Hubby grabbed my bag and I gently placed my hand on his erect cock, slowly stroking the shaft whilst standing on our doorstep. Hubby groaned and visibly shook as my gloved fingers tantalised his rock hard cock. I moved closer to hubby's face as though I was going to kiss him. With my head less than six inches from his, I opened my mouth as though a passionate kiss was about to take place. I breathed my spunk drenched breath at my husband, visibly noticing him shudder with sexual excitement and spoke in a sultry whispering tone.
"I've been sucking another mans cock and swallowing spunk!" I sneered, feeling my warm breath bounce back off hubby's face.
Hubby groaned, rolling his eyes with pure lust as my gloved hand stroked his hard cock.
"I've been a very dirty unfaithful wife tonight. In fact I've been a cock hungry, cum loving slut!"
Hubby's cock twitched with excitement in my hand as my cum scented breath aroused my hubby.
"I've let two guys ride me like a whore, fucking my pussy and ass!" I teased "I let them do anything they wanted to me. They've taken photographs, filmed me and put their cocks and spunk anywhere they wanted!" I said sneeringly.
"Let's go inside and I'll sit on your cock and tell you all about it!" I whispered "In fact if you search in my bag, there's a DVD where you'll be able to see just how much of an unfaithful slut you chose to marry!" I slithered my tongue into his earlobe, stroking his cock and stepping in to my hallway.
Hubby closed the front door and we headed upstairs to the bedroom.
As we walked into the bedroom, I was pleased to see hubby had made an effort to eroticise our boudoir. The lighting was dimmed to a romantic shade, A chilled bottle of wine and two glasses sat on one bedside cabinet, whilst the other had the TV remote control and a selection of sex toys. I poured myself a glass of wine as hubby retrieved the DVD and placed it into the player.
Hubby threw himself on to the bed like an excited teenager, his erect cock pointing toward the ceiling. I took a sip from my wine placing the glass on the bedside cabinet then straddled my husbands thighs. Hubby edged himself across the bed slightly to guarantee that his vision to our TV would not be impaired. I placed a gloved hand at the base of hubby's erect cock and my well fucked pussy into position. I could see how intense my husband was, waiting for my pussy to shroud his cock, then for me to regale the evenings antics. I was beginning to feel very excited knowing my sexual deviance was arousing my husband. I moved my hips so my pussy was sitting on the tip of his throbbing cock. I moved my face to his as he covered my open mouth with his own. His tongue slithered inside my mouth, seeking out my own, as he began to lick and taste my tongue and mouth, searching for any spunk he could taste and enjoy. I slid on his cock, taking the whole length inside me. He moaned passionately into my mouth, aroused by the taste of cock in my mouth and the delicious squeezing my pussy walls were doing on his bone hard cock.
I broke free from our passionate kiss and whispered almost breathlessly.
"I've been such a dirty slut tonight! I've let guys fuck my cunt! I've let guys fuck my ass! I have had them cum in my mouth and ass. I even had one guy fuck my pussy while another guy fucked my ass!" I declared, watching my husbands eyes narrow with sheer lust.
"It was so good, I will be going back on Tuesday night where they will fuck all of my holes again!" I panted "I need to go back to get fucked by them as their cocks were so much bigger than yours!"
I watched my hubby stare at me, eyes now wide open, shocked at my words but unbearably aroused also.
I saw that this was humiliating him but also arousing him beyond his comfort zone.
"You want me to go back and get fucked by other men don't you?" I panted, grinding my shaved pussy onto his steel hard cock "Those cocks tonight were enormous! You like that your wife is a cheating whore who fucks other men don't you! And I do mean whore as they paid me to take photographs and videos as they fucked me!" I tormented.
Hubby's face was so flushed, sweat was beginning to run down his right temple.
"You enjoyed being a nasty slut for them didn't you!" Hubby stammered excitedly.
"I fucking loved it! I'll love it even more when my photographs and videos are uploaded on their website! I'll have men wanking over images of me pleasuring other men!" I smirked enjoying hubby's discomfort and pleasure "I'm going to be an internet married porno slut!"
"They're actually putting your photo's and videos on the internet?" He quizzed, his eyes wide in disbelief.
"By this time tomorrow night, the pictures of me fucking and sucking will be circulating the globe!" I smiled enjoying his torment "There was a third guy there fucking me, but his face was never caught on camera!" I teased.
Hubby physically squirmed with lust as my words excited him more than he thought possible.
His hands were squeezing my breasts, ensuring my erect nipples were tweaked and twisted. The pain and pleasure mix was spectacularly arousing.
"On Tuesday we're going to make a porno of me oiled and naked only wearing thigh length boots whilst guys fuck me in all of my holes and cum all over me!" I tormented making sure hubby was aware of the thigh length boots.
Hubby groaned pushing his cock deep inside me, so much that he lifted my body up, and began to squirt a powerful gush of his spunk deep inside my cunt. I placed my hands on his chest, looking down at his face, his teeth clenched as he drove his orgasm into me.
"You won't be there to watch it!" I teased "They think I'm a much better slut when you're not in the room!"
The look of major disappointment etched across hubby's face, had me tinged with a trace of sadness but just as quickly, the slut rose to the surface and I beamed at the humiliation hubby was experiencing.
"I can't come along?"hubby queried, shaking his head, suffering his disappointment and humiliation.
"No you can't!" I said sternly "They said I'm much more of a slut when you're not present!"
"But they fucked your ass and came in your ass while you held it open, gaping for them!"
He continued shaking his head, stunned at his omission.
"Then you should watch the DVD and see just how much of a dirty cheating slut I am when you're not present. Face it, you've married a cock hungry slut!"
Hubby looked me directly in the eye as a salacious grin began to spread across his face.
"Turn the DVD on and I'll suck your cock while you watch how much of a hot slut wife I can be!"
Hubby pressed play on the DVD and an image of me came up on the TV screen. In the photo I couldn't be any more than nineteen, but I was wearing a black nylon shiny basque, fishnet stockings with a huge cucumber inserted in my pussy.
This sort of thing was a regular occurrence in the early days, me dressed in slut lingerie with various objects inserted in my pussy and ass.
Hubby looked at the screen and a lecherous smile broke across his flushed face. For the next ten minutes various images from my past and of this evenings photo shoot filled the TV screen. I kept my side of the bargain and sucked hubby's cock which started very flaccid but was now sensationally hard. His cock was at the back of my throat with my left hand tickling his dangling balls, when I heard familiar voices come from the TV.
The sexual conversation on screen was after hubby left, so he was experiencing this for the first time. His eyes were transfixed on the screen as a video of Tom and I, frenziedly fucking each other filled the frame. Tom was sliding his cock deep into me, thrusting forcefully as I brought my hips up to match his.
The sound on the camera was better than I thought as it picked my whispers to Tom with such clarity.
"Fuck me Tom!" Was the words I whispered, though they were audible enough to the cameras built in microphone.
"I've missed fucking you! We never ever got another slut as good or as dirty as you!" Tom said kissing my neck and breasts.
My moans were soft and sensuous as Tom fucked me like days of old.
"I was only a slut for you guys, but I think I will continue to be a slut for you guys! Plus I find it very naughty fucking you guys now that I'm a married slut!" I panted on screen
The memory of the sensational fuck came flooding back as I sucked hubby cock, moaning like a whore for effect.
"It was horny to fuck another mans wife as he watched, telling him that she's a dirty slut whore who loves cock!"
Hubby's cock twitched in my mouth on hearing those words.
"Well, I am a dirty slut whore and I do love cock, now fuck me like the married cheating cock hungry slut that I am! It's so good to be back here again, being a cheating married porno slut and fucking you guys!"
Hubby groaned with pure lust, watching his once loyal wife betray him sexually and listen to the words of confirmation.
The sounds coming from the screen were moaning and squelching as Tom fucked me to orgasm.
"Oh Fuck I'm coming! Fuck me like my husband couldn't!" I panted on screen.
"Come on my cock you cheating dirty whore!" Tom snarled.
"Yes! I'm a cheating dirty whore! Fuck me!" I groaned as Tom's cock delivered waves of pleasure I never thought I would experience ever again.
Tom was fucking me wildly when female ejaculate gushed out of my pussy and sprayed his stomach with my creamy orgasmic fluid.
I stopped sucking hubby cock and began to watch myself being pleasured on screen.
"Come up my ass!" I panted.
On screen Tom was smiling as he removed his cock from my pussy. Grinning at the camera he eased his large cock inside my asshole with no resistance.
I watched mesmerised as he thrust his length deep inside my asshole. The look of lust on his face was incredible. Thrusting slowly he made six deep strokes then began squirting inside my asshole. He was growling and snarling with each thrust of his orgasm.
"Take my spunk you slut!" he panted as his body shuddered with ecstasy.
For whatever reason, my arms were outstretched above my head as I wriggled and squirmed with sexual delight.
Tom began to wipe his come from my body, then cleaned any residual spunk from my asshole.
Once I was clean enough for Neil to fuck me, Tom climbed off the bed, grabbing the camera from Neil.
"You fuck her now and I'll download the pics and videos from tonight and a few of her earlier slut days, for hubby to see just what kind of a slut he's married!"
Tom and I both laughed, then he went off screen, as I remember to work in the office and start downloading my slut history.
Neil was now standing at the edge of the bed, absolutely stark naked and sporting a huge erection.
"Your brother hasn't changed has he?" I said on screen, a huge smile plastered across my face.
"He's not the only one! In fact you've got even better if that was possible!"
My face was flushed on screen, but I remember it well, that it was actually me blushing.
"Come on off the bed. I want my dirty lap dance!"
Neil had sat in a chair he'd pulled over close to the bed. His cock was thrusting upwards as I straddled his thighs, easing myself down until the head of his cock was at my opening.
The camera was catching every glorious detail including my eyes rolling with pleasure.
"I'm going to cum inside you and you can take it home and show hubby that his hot slut wife takes other cocks now! You never know he may want to play with it!"
I flashed a look at hubby who was physically squirming with delight at Neil's words.
I was riding Neil's cock slowly, his hands cupping my breasts as he leant in and kissed each nipple. Taking the erect flesh into his mouth and gently biting and nibbling my erogenous nipples. My eyes rolled once again.
My moans were increasing with intensity as Neil fucked my pussy to orgasm. My orgasm was strong and intense as Neil' pleasured me with his magnificent cock.
Riding his cock, I was panting continuously.
"Fuck me! Do to me what my husband can't!"
I glanced at hubby who swallowed harshly, aroused at the humiliation.
"I'm coming!" Neil snarled, holding my waist, forcing me down on his cock, as his delicious hot spunk squirted inside me out of view of the camera.
I continued to ride his cock slowly, enjoying the remaining shudders of orgasm as his cock slid out of me. I kissed him deeply and whispered.
"I'm so pleased we bumped in to each other today!"
"You'll be here at least twice a week and we'll get as much cock along a we can!" Neil whispered
I smiled on screen excitedly as Tom returned with two DVDs in a case.
"These should either have hubby spunking like a madman or send him insane with shock and jealousy!"
Tom was laughing loudly. Hubby groaned loudly, enjoying his humiliation.
"There's tonights action, some of your earlier works and loads of pics me and Neil have taken of you over the years! And I have to be honest, you look so much better now!" Tom said.
"Aren't you guys sweet! So when do I get those cocks fucking me again?" I said looking down the camera lens.
"We'll start next Tuesday if you want! Bring loads of underwear and bikinis. If you're a size five shoe we have a nice selection of thigh length boots, other than that bring your own high heels!"
Knowing hubby had a thing for thigh length boots I looked at him and smiled as rolled his eyes in lust and disappointment.
"When you're ready I'll drop you off at home and get that blowjob I was promised on your driveway!"
"That will send him fucking mental! He'll be desperately waiting for me to return with the video and to hear what you guys did to me without him here! I think I will tell him about the thigh length boots and that he won't be here when I fuck you guys wearing them! Or even better that he wont be the first to fuck me when I wear them!" I giggled on screen, tormenting my husband with my cruel taunting words.
"You're a cruel nasty slut!" Neil laughed.
"Loving wife more like! Knowing I'm getting fucked in his all time sexual fantasy will drive him wild, and after tonight's escapades, being driven wild seems to be his sexual preference!"
"Well if it presses his buttons, tell him we're dying to fuck you and DP you when you wear the slut thigh length boots! Tell him we've invited a ew guests along to photograph you and cum all over you for the finale!" Neil grinned.
"I'll be sure too!" I giggled.
"Come on let's go, I want my cock sucked on your driveway!" Neil smiled.
The screen went blank as the DVD ended.
Spunk was dripping from the head of my husbands cock. He had ejaculated without any contact whatsoever, such was his state of arousal.
"I bet you can't wait for next week when I return with the DVD of me being gang-banged in the thigh length boots?"