A lifelong collector of goods and objects from far and wide has passed and left the entire collection and the business built around them to the only remaining relative, a niece on a career path of her own. Vikki has taken on the task of administering the estate and liquidating the business and collection. However, she has come to find out that many of the goods have been cursed or enchanted with amorous powers that affect those who encounter them. These are the stories of some of those encounters with objects found at"Amorous Goods.
Over time a canon has been built up by talented authors locating Amorous Goods in North America. I must apologise for not following this canon. This story is inspired by the thriving UK anthology industry of the 1960s and 70s, produced in particular by Hammer House and Amicus, and on television under the title Tales of the Unexpected. Sometimes based on the works of Roald Dahl and R Chetwynd-Hayes, these films, television shows and short stories are, of course, horror rather than erotic. However, they do a far better job than I of creating an atmosphere, and I highly recommend them.
For those readers who still wish to press on, please to enjoy. All characters are over the age of 18.
***
Stasis. How long had the interior been sleeping? Possibly forever, an excitable agglomeration awaiting that moment when the door swung inwards, banging against the tiny bell on its flexible bracket, the resulting peal a charm to awaken... what? Or maybe it was all a dualist mirage, spacetime that only existed once entered, the wave form collapsing on departure only to reassemble when the next consciousness was drawn to the dusty doorway and the piles of antiques beyond. One thing is certain, though, amongst the infinite possibilities: if you put enough things together, they make their own gravity, a force weak but relentless.
Vikki had no certain memory of Uncle Lewis, and being the only child of only children she had no real extended family to ask. There was a vague image of an off-white linen suit and a beard and the smell of roll-up cigarettes, a family visit somewhere by the lakes, but nothing more. Or perhaps she was confusing him with Captain Birdseye, a character far more real to her back when she was four. Decades later there was no voice, no story of the man left, just a letter on her doormat in the autumn sunshine: Uncle Lewis was dead, and she was his sole beneficiary.
It floored her at first and she sat on the end of her bed, the letter limp in her fingers. She had actually had a living relative, and now he was dead. Can you grieve for something you never knew? Vikki tried, but it was no use. It wasn't shock she was feeling, it was surprise, and not a little anger: for years, since her parents died in the fire, she'd thought herself alone and yet for all that time there was someone, a link to who she was, and he didn't swoop in to rescue her from her solitude. It was selfish. Was she being entitled? Perhaps, but she had been a child, basically, even at eighteen, and he must have been in his sixties then. She scanned the solicitor's letter again... yes, he had died peacefully (she would later learn that he actually died with a beatific smile plastered across his rotten face) at the age of eighty-one, two months previously.
Well, it absolutely changed her plans for the day. There would be no shopping with Margot, and she had planned the free day meticulously, too. A quick call and some disappointment morphed into a friendly promise to accompany Vikki to Goldfinch, Proctor and Webb, solicitors, to investigate the estate that awaited.
"I was hardly likely to stay at home after paying a babysitter, was I?" said Margot, masking her curiosity.
"Oh, come on!" laughed Vikki, "you want to find out if I'm a millionaire or something."
"Well, how often do you get the chance to sit in on the 'reveal'? It's like being in an episode of Poirot."
They were standing staring at the mirrored glass frontage of the solicitors' office, Margot short and mumsy, Vikki willowy in her trenchcoat and scarf, the reflected Thursday life of an English market town passing by behind them. The casual observer would find it difficult to divine the connection between them, an elfin brunette and a pear-shaped redhead. Margot oozed practicality, inhabiting the permanent air of a woman who bustled, particularly since the arrival of her children, whilst Vikki seemed more suited to sitting on a window seat by a bay window, gazing out at an ethereal morning mist over a lawn as she pondered the connection between English and German Romanticism.
The contrast wasn't entirely unfair, but the bond was there. It was deep, too, initially forged through a mutual dislike of Alfie Weatherall, a vile little urchin in primary school who would pull the girls' hair and slip chewing gum down the back of their blouses, all the while revelling in his sulphurous farts. They had stuck together since then, as thick as thieves despite their differences, holding each other's hands through life's tribulations and cheering each other through life's joys (though it seemed the tribulations were beginning to outnumber the joys now their thirties had arrived).
"You won't find your fortune standing out here," prompted Margot, and it usually was her with the quiet prompts. Vikki smiled and with an inward prayer that Margot didn't end up too disappointed at the lack of millions she pushed open the door and went to see what her future held.
They saw Proctor, from Goldfinch, Proctor and Webb, a brusque woman with a busy desk who tried her best to remember about customer service. She battled the distracted air of someone drowning, not swimming in piles of work, and whose current assignment is keeping them from something of greater import.
"I'm afraid there isn't much value to the estate," she said after a brief exchange of pleasantries in her cramped office, "and once ongoing costs are subtracted the balance of funds will be effectively nil. Perhaps enough for a nice meal in his memory."
Vikki glanced across at Margot and sure enough, there was her expression of disappointment. She reached across and took her friend's hand, giving her a little squeeze and a wan smile.
"There is also the matter of his business," Ms Proctor continued, not looking up from her file, "the rent is paid up to the end of next month but then the landlord wants to repossess. There's a development in the offing. There is the stock, though, which seems to be a confused attempt at running an antiques business. We had an assessor take a brief look but he couldn't make head nor tail of it, so it might have a little value but it's probably only fit for the knacker's yard. If you'd sign here, please."
As Vikki signed in triplicate Ms Proctor opened the bottom drawer in the filing cabinet behind her and pulled out a bulky brown paper parcel, jumbo size, and slid it across her desk to Vikki.
"These are his effects. He was wearing them when..."
Vikki nodded, "how did it...?"
"He was discovered on a bench on Mousehold Heath in Norwich, where his business is... was. A jogger had noticed him sitting there late one morning and was surprised to see him in the same position when she went back for her early evening run. She investigated, and he was long gone. The coroner estimated he'd been dead when she saw him, or soon after. It was painless, his heart just suddenly stopped. There are copies of the death certificate here," and Ms Proctor handed Vikki a slim file containing all the relevant documents. With that it was over, no reading of a will, no last profound message summing up the meaning of his life, just a brief handshake and a dispassionate 'if there's anything else you need, you have my number.'
It seemed very much like it wasn't enough, and Vikki said as much over their gin and tonics in the Southampton Arms.
"He was a recluse," said Margot, "he probably hadn't got any message or meaning, just existing and then, well, not."
"And you don't think that's sad?"
"Maybe, but you can't make someone something they're not," Margot shrugged, "anyway, what about this shop of his?"
"Oh, that," Vikki rolled her eyes, "now I've got to go to the time and expense of a cross-country trip to take a load of junk to a rubbish tip."
"The solicitor did say there might be some things of value..."
"Stop it, Margot! My uncle sounds like the kind of man who amassed a lifetime of broken crap and then passed it on for just enough to stop himself starving to death."
"You should still take a look. You never know..."
"I do," said Vikki before relenting, "but you're right."
"How about this. What if I get Peter to look after the twins on Saturday..."
"About time he did his share," Vikki interjected, her comment an in-joke as Peter was almost the ideal husband, if a little dull. But he was very good for Margot and absolutely did his share and more, and Vikki had nothing but affection for him.
"Peter will look after the twins and I'll drive us over to Norwich and we can have a look at this shop. Deal?"
"Deal. Just don't expect anything, OK?"
Margot merely grinned.
***
Norwich is one of those English cities that foreigners expect to find, with a castle and a cathedral and a river with swans, with a central market place and quaint lanes with interesting shops. A pub for every day of the year, a church for every week, as the saying goes. In medieval times it was the second biggest city in England, rich on the back of the wool trade. Now it was small in comparison to the industrial behemoths, but better for it, intimate and entertaining: even the art school was housed in a converted friary, which according to urban legend had a tunnel to the building across the road -- a former nunnery, of course. But that was 'nice' Norwich. Uncle Lewis's shop was in the bit of Norwich the tourists don't see, seedy and rundown, the few shops boarded up, victims of the online boom.
Uncle Lewis's shop was at one end of a short row of such establishments. There was a betting shop at the other end, and a kebab shop in the middle, but the other eight had soaped up windows and fading 'for rent' signs. Above them in the brick-built parade were two storey flats, neglected for the most part, tatty curtains behind grubby windows and peeling paint on the window frames, the brickwork dirty and askew and flora peeking from gaps in the mortar. Vikki saw that her uncle's shop fitted right in with the aesthetic, the plate glass window opaque with dirt and the paintwork, which might once have been green, flaked off to reveal the cracked, wizened wood beneath. The door was the same -- the glass black with dirt and the door handle seemingly held on by a single ancient screw.
Margot was fussing about her car, understandably. The neighbourhood looked like the kind of place where your car is up on bricks as soon as your back is turned. Or perhaps it might be if anyone was around, but the place was drab and deserted. Even so, Margot double-checked her car was locked, even though it was parked directly outside the shop. Vikki, on the other hand, was staring at the derelict shop front, trying to understand how someone could let it deteriorate so much. She'd often heard of genteel decay, and had even seen some down at heel country houses where old eccentrics lived out their days, full of tales of the wild forties and fifties. But this was simple dereliction, with no charm to recommend it.
She sighed and fished in her backpack for the key, then struggled to turn it in the lock. It was stiff, and she needed both hands, her fingers hurting as the brass fob dug into her knuckles. She stopped and took a breather, the extra cost for a locksmith looming on her mental horizon but, ever practical, Margot came to the rescue, retrieving a can of WD40 from her glove compartment and spraying it liberally deep into the lock. As ever it did the trick and the key turned, and in the pregnant pause that followed Vikki and Margot exchanged an eager glance: even Vikki could momentarily wonder if there was pirate treasure in the dead man's chest.
They pushed, and the door swung inward a little more easily than might be expected, banging against the small bell held above it on a bracket. The peal was oddly melodic, spreading into the dark corners, and Vikki and Margot cautiously stepped over the threshold. Margot immediately let out a little gasp, the accumulated piles of bric-a-brac simultaneously appealing to her urge to clean and her urge to investigate. Vikki, on the other hand, turned her head to one side a little, trying to home in on the source of... something. It was unusual, a timbre tantalisingly just beyond the edge of hearing.
"Can I?" burst out Margot, nudging Vikki back to the here and now, "please, please, please, please, please?"
She was holding up a small statuette of a cat she had spotted on the window sill by the doorway. The cat looked to be Egyptian, with a gold collar. Probably their cat god Bastet, in what appeared to be black onyx.
"Help yourself," Vikki shrugged, still a little distracted, Margot grinning with victory at a day already well-spent as she thrust it in her jacket pocket. Then Vikki pulled herself together and looked around for the light switch.
"At least that works," she said, though the faint yellow glow hardly penetrated to the back of the room, the bare lightbulb speckled with generations of fly shit, "but look at this place."
It was indeed, a sight, though surprisingly it didn't stink. There was, however, stagnation, and a sense that the dust would come in clouds once they started to seriously move around. There didn't seem to be a single empty surface, yet it was hard to discern individual items in the chaos, the light oppressive and not helped by a low ceiling that seemed to press down on them.
"This is a lot of work" said Margot as she took it in, the implication being that she'd happily set to work there and then. Vikki was more circumspect.
"I don't know. Maybe I should just pay someone to do a clearance..."
"You can't do that!" Margot was indignant, "there's bound to be some good stuff in here, I mean, at least to make it worth your while."
Vikki shook her head, "I guess he kept a ledger or something. That's the first thing to find. At the back maybe."
Margot followed her as she squeezed past the heaps of stuff, trying not to actually touch anything as she went by. Vikki was single-minded, heading for a doorway into the back room. Margot, though, kept up a running commentary as she followed, noting an old typewriter here, a dressmaker's dummy there, her eyes widening in interest at every knick and knack.
The back room was depressing, a collection of dilapidated pieces of furniture within submarine grey walls. The worst of it was in the corner, a camp bed and an old ammunition box at its foot. Vikki had wondered why there hadn't been an address for her uncle, a flat to empty, and here was her answer -- he slept in the back, a kettle his only appliance. She glanced briefly at the collection of clothes in the ammunition box and mentally consigned them to the rubbish at her earliest convenience. She shivered, and Margot rubbed her arm, the pathetic embers of a shadow life too harsh for words.
Vikki swallowed then turned away, gingerly seating herself on a rickety dinner chair in front of a bureau. She tried some of the drawers while Margot hovered hopefully. None of the bottom drawers opened, though whether they were locked or simply fused was impossible to tell. Then Vikki pulled down the angled top, releasing a cloud of dust that made her lean back and wave it away from her face as Margot coughed dramatically. Once the dust settled they saw a jumble of yellowing papers and bent files.
Vikki sighed and set to, separating official letters and bills and the like from pages of incomprehensible notes written in tiny handwriting. And to the other side she placed the brown crumbling files. Margot was getting bored, and she soon wandered back into the front of the shop. Before long she was backwards and forwards with items, interrupting Vikki to make her look at a coup stick, and a kaleidoscope, a jade snake and a 78 of'Who were you with last night?'by Harry Fay.
"What do you make of this?" said Vikki, passing Margot the pile of notes in the hope it would occupy her.
"Do you think it's English?" she said, peering briefly at the text then shrugging, "it reminds me of an old great aunt I had in my family. Never met her, only heard about her. The woman was convinced we were related to the Duke of Wellington..."
"Are you?"
Margot simply snorted in derision and went on, "after she retired she spent every waking minute down at the Public Records Office trying to trace all the births and deaths. She made all these notes on tiny bits of paper with handwriting like that, and after she died nobody could decipher them. What she hoped for I've no idea. Perhaps she thought we could all go to dinner with current Duke at Apsley House. Quite mad, really."
"And your point?"
"Is that this looks like another collection of nutball's notes. You could drive yourself mad with it or simply throw it in the bin."
"Hmm," said Vikki, "I'll sleep on it."
She reached into the bureau and pulled out the last file, noting that it was in pretty good shape in comparison to everything else. She turned it over and there, in neat block capitals were the words AMOROUS GOODS. If she hadn't been so wrapped up in her work she might have had the fanciful feeling that the shop was suddenly paying close attention to her, almost holding its breath, had it had any. But of course, that was fanciful. She opened the file and in neat handwriting on lined foolscap was what seemed to be the ledger she been searching for, with a list of items in and out, and a record of payments made and received.
But the title bothered her a little -- was it a joke? Or something more? She glanced over her shoulder at Margot, but her friend was leafing through the loose pages of coded notes, shaking her head and paying Vikki no attention. She had a sudden sense that perhaps this file might be better kept from Margot, who would only want to pore over every entry. She closed the file and slipped it into her backpack, tipping in the bills and letters on top of it.
"I need a drink," Vikki announced once she'd zipped up her backpack.
"What about all this?" said Margot, clearly eager to keep rooting through the detritus of Uncle Lewis's life.
"I need to go through the papers first. Then I'll take a few days off and come back. Gloria can manage the library perfectly well without me." Margot pouted, but Vikki shook her head, "I can't ask you to do any more. It's my burden. Come on, I'll buy you lunch."
And as they left there was a sense of ancient calm, a feeling that the collection was stretching itself like a cat, settling down to purr as it dozed: Amorous Goods had a new owner.
***
Life, despite Vikki's best intentions, managed to get in the way of her growing interest in Uncle Lewis's legacy. She had been able to sort out his official correspondence over a frustrating Sunday and was pleasantly surprised to find he had been punctilious with his bills, not one outstanding. And contrary to Ms Proctor the solicitor, there was a little money left over. Not much, but enough to perhaps add a couple of nice items to her wardrobe -- and she hadn't really contemplated that since Neil had left her. Was that really more than a year ago, now?
But then work reared its ugly head. Well, not really that ugly: she liked working at the library, not that it paid that much. So, in she went and managed the late returns and small fines, scrutinised the new additions and pleaded with the higher-ups once more to update the software on the public computers, and led the reading class for the pre-schoolers on Wednesday afternoon, her favourite task of the week. Life settled back into its rhythm.
Then early on Thursday morning the dream came again. It was a regular, almost a friend, and she stood on the stage, exposed in the spotlight, the audience just outlines in the dark. And she danced, clad in only thigh-highs and heels -- not stripper heels, but something lower, classier, and the club seemed classy, too. She swayed and flaunted, slid down on her haunches, the pole against her spine and her knees wide, obscene, hair sculpted in a thin strip on her mons. She ran her fingers under her breasts, let her thumbs tease her nipples, felt the desire ripple off the crowd and over her. It felt powerful to know the men were wanking, stroking their meat, gasping and grunting as their heads grew purple, their fists squeezing tight at the sight of her...
And the music became her phone as she woke with a start, fumbling in the half-light of the morning, grabbing her mobile and trying to focus. It was an unknown number and she went to reject it as she always did but in her half-conscious stupidity she accepted instead and only then realised what she'd done.
"Hello," she said, dopey and embarrassed and angry at whoever had the effrontery to call her.
"Who is this?" A man's voice.
"No, no," said Vikki, waking up, "you tell me."
"Forgive me," said the man, and his tone sounded genuine, as if he had remembered himself, "my name is Mr Brown. I understand you are the executor of Amorous Goods."
"Err, how did you get my number?"
"I represent a client who had some dealings with your uncle," continued Mr Brown, and now Vikki was starting to feel uncomfortable, "my client engaged him to source an item, an antique of sorts. A down payment was made, and before your uncle's unfortunate, err, demise, he informed me that he had come into possession of the item."
"I suppose this has something to do with me?"
"We understand that it must be a difficult time for you, having lost someone of your uncle's stature..." Uncle Lewis had stature? "However, as you are now wrapping up his affairs, my client was hoping that I might liaise with you regarding collection of said item and settlement of the outstanding fee."
Vikki grunted as she tried to grope her way to an understanding of the one-sided conversation.
"What is this item? You do know my uncle's shop is an utter mess? I'd be lucky to spot a bison in amongst everything..."
"It is the Gultved Cup," said Mr Brown, and he paused as if waiting for Vikki to reply, 'oh yes, how silly of me! TheGultvedCup? Why didn't you say?' Vikki was silent, however.
"It is Danish, 10th Century," Mr Brown went on when it became apparent that Vikki had little to add to the conversation, "a silver cup with gilt interior, runic inscription and Jelling-style gripping beast motif. I would be grateful if you could attempt to locate the item. Might we say, within the week?"
"Erm, yes, I suppose. I'll have a look at his ledger and see if I can find the dratted thing."
"Thank you," said Mr Brown, "you have my number." And with that the line was dead and Vikki was left staring at the ceiling, processing what had just happened, and trying to hold on to the rapidly fading physical sensations her dream had stimulated. It was no use, the dream was gone, and she thought fondly of it: every time she ovulated recently, there it was, making her feel horny and desired, a powerful combination.
She lay there until the twin demands of the bathroom and coffee drove her up, and she yawned her way through her small flat, bathroom then kitchen. As her coffee cooled she stared blankly out of her window at the grey Oxfordshire drizzle, glad that she didn't need to be at work until the afternoon. Finally, though, she could put it off no longer, and she turned her mind to the telephone call, and with a sigh she looked at the pile of Uncle Lewis's papers. The first place to start was probably the Amorous Goods folder: that at least looked to contain a legible list of items in and out.
The ledger was actually quite brief, a mere four pages of double-spaced entries. She glanced at the first entry and her eyes widened in mild surprise when she saw it was more than twenty years old. Well, that was no use, and she decided to begin at the end and work backwards. Another oddity that struck her once she found the last entry was the lack of any running total -- so this wasn't an account, just a list of things. The last entry, hanging orphaned halfway down the last page, read Popp-Bier Meissen Stein (whatever that was), and Vikki swallowed hard when she saw that Uncle Lewis had paid more than a thousand pounds for it.
Happily, the entry for the Gultved Cup was only another two entries higher but Vikki nearly choked when she saw that Uncle Lewis had noted a buying price of five thousand pounds. Her head started to spin a little and with a dry mouth it was borne in on her that she was probably on the hook for that. Five grand! On a library manager's salary? That was about four months' disposable income. And where had Uncle Lewis found the kind of money the ledger listed as prices paid? Vikki glanced at the pages and yes, every outgoing was four or five figures. But the man was virtually penniless, surely?
She glanced across at the paper parcel containing his last effects that was currently occupying the hall table. She had been putting off opening it, but no longer. She glanced around trying to decide which knife to use, and then in a rising fit of anxiety simply ripped the paper apart. Drab cloth slumped out, and Vikki was looking at the epitome of old man's clothes: brown trousers, cream shirt, beige socks and (ugh!!) underwear, and a brown tank top. There was a pair of old but good quality brown leather sandals, and a flat cap, and not much else. A small envelope contained a bus pass in a folding plastic wallet and some loose coins, and the only touch of colour -- some old-fashioned sunglasses, round blue glass in what felt like quite fragile frames. Nothing, in short, to suggest that he had been a man with a taste in expensive antiques.
And whyamorousgoods? Vikki looked back at the ledger and decided to go through it properly. Something she noted immediately was that there were amounts noted for sales as well as purchases, and those amounts were very respectable indeed. She reached for her phone and opened the calculator. It took her a few minutes, a double take, and a re-calculation before she arrived at some final figures that gave her pause: Uncle Lewis had purchased items worth nearly a million pounds, but that was more than offset by sales of 1.2 million, and that only constituted about half the items on the list. That meant there was some really valuable stuff sitting around the place... The other thing that leapt out was nothing on his list appeared remotely amorous. Perhaps it was just his little conceit.
It also didn't account for damn near three hundred grand in profit, but she supposed that spread over twenty plus years, and with the costs of the shop, it didn't really amount to much. What it did do, though, was make it imperative that she got to the shop and started sorting through the stock, and within a couple of telephone calls she had brought forward her trip back to Norwich, leaving within 48 hours.
***
The knock on the shop door startled Vikki even though she was expecting it, and the jingle of the bell as the door opened did nothing to soothe her jitters. By chance she was standing behind the counter, the natural position for the shopkeeper, as Mr Brown came in, though the effect was somewhat spoiled by the piles of objects she was attempting to sort through, and the dusty hairband she was using to scrape her hair back off her face.
Mr Brown flashed a brief smile at her, and as she looked at him she found herself confused. He was absolutely not what she expected. He was wearing a dark suit, it was true, and she had pictured an Agent Smith look-a-like. But what she hadn't anticipated was a tall man of about forty, his shoulders in broad proportion to his height, with laughter lines at the corners of his eyes and an easy, open manner that was apparent even in the way he stood: Keyser Soze's lawyer, he was not.
"Mr Brown, I presume," Vikki said, finally collecting herself.
"Indeed," Mr Brown grinned, "though I'm not sure what Livingstone said in reply to Stanley."
"Nothing very interesting, I expect," said Vikki, "otherwise we'd remember it."
"You have something for me?"
"Yes. Here," said Vikki, holding up the small silver cup. She had found it perched on top of a broken jack-in-the-box, relatively free of the pervasive dust since it had only been in residence less than half a year.
Mr Brown was all business at the sight of it, slipping his laptop bag off his shoulder and looking about in vain for a flat surface.
"Here, let me," said Vikki, coming over and simply sweeping a heap of things along one of the tables to make space. He smiled his thanks, and it was a nice smile.
He opened the bag and produced his laptop, absorbed as he opened files and held up the cup, comparing the item to pictures of the cup that appeared to have been taken in a studio, and others which seemed to have been taken in situ, perhaps at the very time and place it had been found. He then took out a loupe and scrutinised it closely, moving over to the limited natural light by the filthy window to aid his examination.
"It appears genuine," said Mr Brown, "though I didn't doubt it, not knowing your uncle. He was always a man of his word."
"Did you deal much with him?"
"Off and on," said Mr Brown, pulling a bulky A4 envelope from his laptop bag, "here is the balance of the transaction. It has been a pleasure doing business with you, and please accept my condolences on your loss."
With that Mr Brown closed his laptop and slipped it, and the Gultved Cup, into his bag, leaving the envelope on the table. His smile was broad and open once more as he turned to go, and it occurred to Vikki that this was the first actual conversation she'd had with an attractive man since... well, since she could remember, and she was suddenly sure she didn't want it to end. He was already out of the door, though, the bell jingling again, and she could only walk over to the window and peer through the smudges and smears as he got into his black Audi and drove away.
She remembered the envelope, the balance of the transaction. Over the previous days she had been so focussed on finding the cup and discharging her side of the deal she forgot it was a two-way thing. She opened the flap and peering inside she began to shake. She'd never seen so much cash in one place, and as she up-ended it fifteen bundles of twenty-pound notes tumbled out onto the table. Each bundle was held together with a currency strap, and clearly printed on each strap was £1,000.
Vikki's mouth was dry as she spread the bundles out on the table and counted them. Fifteen thousand pounds. Fifteen thousand pounds!Fifteen thousand fucking pounds!! She bounced and screamed and giggled and danced around the shop, and then stopped suddenly, fearful that it might be snatched away from her. Working quickly and cursing her clumsy hands she scooped the bundles back into the envelope and dashed into the back room. She stuffed the envelope into her backpack, then sat at the bureau fanning her flushed cheeks with her hand, her mind filled with the enormity of that money.
After a brief moment she was all action again, grabbing the Amorous Goods folder and Uncle Lewis's notes and shoving them into her backpack next to the money. Then she strode to the door and left the shop, double-checking that she had locked the front door before making her way to the short term let she'd taken near the centre of the city. It was counter-intuitive, but she would have preferred the street to be busy: bustling people deter thieves and muggers, but as ever the place was deserted and she feared being followed through the gathering dark of that late Sunday afternoon.
Rain was dropping through the halos of street lights by the time she reached the small apartment she'd rented. She had a pain in her neck from looking over her shoulder, a miserable man walking his depressed dog on the other side of the road a source of particular paranoia. Once inside the flat she slammed the door and leant back against it, before hurrying over to the window and peering out between the curtains. There was nobody there hiding in the shadows or pressing back inside a bush whilst trying to keep Vikki's window in view, and when she breathed out it felt like it was for the first time in forever.
She turned to her backpack, the money burning a hole in it. What she would do with it, she wasn't sure, but what she did know was banks these days often had questions when someone turned up with piles of cash to deposit, and if she didn't put it in the bank, well, where would she keep it safe? There was also the small matter of the other objects on the ledger, the ones Uncle Lewis hadn't sold and which were, presumably, in the shop.
After trying and failing to eat on a wildly excited stomach Vikki spread out the ledger and the notes across the bed. Contrary to Margot's assertion they weren't in some code, it was just that Uncle Lewis's handwriting was simply very small, although he did have an annoying habit of abbreviating. Back at home she'd stared for hours at the pages until it had finally clicked with her, as if she'd been trying to solve a cryptic crossword: GCp was Gultved Cup.
She'd bought a magnifying glass and since then she had been spending time trying to make sense of Uncle Lewis's entries. Some of them were brief. He had copied the runes on the Gultved Cup on the notes, and next to it had written a strange entry: mun.thu.mik.man.thik.un.thu.mer.an.ther followed by the single word 'potent' and four exclamation marks. She hadn't spent much time wondering about that entry but now she came back to it, curious about why someone would pay twenty thousand pounds in total for something about big enough to hold a double shot of liquor.
The cup was Danish and it was the Vikings who wrote in runes, if she remembered correctly. Taking her phone she searched for Viking runes and matched the runes in the inscription to the letters they represented. Sure enough, Uncle Lewis had provided the modern alphabet letters for the runes in his entry. So, his entry was the Viking words the runes represented. But what did they mean? And here she marvelled at modern technology and wondered how the oldsters had managed without the internet. It only took another fifteen minutes and she had a translation:Think of me, I think of you. Love me, I love you.
Which was cute, but it didn't tell her why it was potent. She glanced at her watch -- after 7.30, which meant the twins would be asleep, so she called Margot, needing to speak to someone about all of this. There was no answer, which could just mean the boys were being difficult going to sleep. She waited five minutes and called again.
"Hello," gasped Margot on the fifth ring.
"Oh sorry!" said Vikki, "I didn't make you run, did I?"
"Erm, no," said Margot, sounding as if she was trying to collect herself, "how are you? Is it urgent?"
"Well, no, but..."
"Sorry, darling, but I'm a bit..." and it sounded like she was trying not to giggle, "call you tomorrow, ok?" And before waiting for an answer she was gone.
Vikki slumped back on the bed and stared at her phone. Had she just heard Peter grunting in the background? Were theyfuckingwhen she called? She thought about Margot, dependable, straight Margot. The idea that Margot might be fucking her husband (it was utterly inconceivable she would be fucking anyone else) at any time other than about eleven at night, right before sleep -- and probably in the missionary position for the purposes of procreation -- seemed alien, but there it was, she had heard the evidence. This was the woman who said 'man thing' when she meant cock, and only referred to sex as 'making, you know'. Well, perhaps still waters did run deep, after all.
She turned her attention back to the ledger and the notes, matching those items that might still be in the shop with the miniscule notes. There were thirty-one items listed and subsequently unsold, and she decided to be methodical, working her way through the notes to identify any extra information she could about each one.
The first unsold item was listed as the Kettleby Bone Flute, bought for a mere (!) three hundred pounds, though that was in 1999, so the value must have increased. She found the maddeningly brief entry in her uncle's notes: KBF, vibrations? Which was about as much use as a chocolate radiator. Why couldn't he have included images in his notes, and prices he expected to receive for the items? A list of potential customers with their phone numbers and email addresses would have been perfect, but then a dark thought crossed her mind -- we're these items strictly legal? Had they been illegally sourced from collections or archaeological sites? She breathed out heavily: she was going to need help with this, but before that she was going to need to know just what she was dealing with.
***
She dreamt the dream again, and it was strange to have it return so soon. This time she wasn't interrupted, and she danced and swayed and exposed herself, and the men groaned and came, and she finally awoke horny and restless. She resisted the urge to pleasure herself, in part because she had important things to do, but also because she wanted the urge to linger, to feel it inside her, feeding her energy.
When the dream had first arrived she'd wondered what it meant, had thought that maybe she was suppressing some desire that had to find a way out. But over time she had stopped asking that question: a dream was a dream and nothing more. There was no hidden meaning, she had no repressed need to be validated by the sexual urges of strangers. It was just a pleasant sex dream and Freud or whoever could go swivel. She was lying to herself.
***
The bell jingled as Vikki opened the door, and the shop seemed to pay attention to her, a dog awaiting its master's command. Vikki stood in the doorway and gazed around at the stock: so far she had merely dithered and dallied, but now she had a plan, and a deadline. By the end of the week she needed to have identified all the items on the ledger and put them to one side, have decided if there was anything else of value, and she needed to have got rid of everything else. She nodded to herself and marched through to the back room, dumping her backpack and taking the ledger.
Two hours later her focus had wandered somewhat. Working down from the top of the ledger she had found what looked like two items, a Venetian mask and a sewing machine made by Halliburton and Dawes of Gosforth in 1878. They were now resident in the backroom, but there was still the mountain of stuff, crap, a world of junk and gems in front of her. She needed a break.
Wandering over to one corner of the shop she looked at something large covered with a sheet. Of course, she'd seen it before, but she'd paid it no heed. Taking a corner of the sheet she pulled it away to reveal a large, red drum, arranged vertically on four iron legs above waist height, also painted red. There was a viewing scope at about shoulder-height attached to the drum, and a turning handle. She grinned -- it was one of those What the Butler Saw machines that were so popular in seaside towns before the First World War, along with dirty postcards and floral clocks. She smiled at the thought of a time when the sight of Great-aunt Mildred's bloomers was so earthshattering that it was worth paying a whole penny to see.
She needed to check it was in good condition, and it was bound to be worth something if it was. Happily, Uncle Lewis seemed to have prepared for such an eventuality, and there was an old tobacco tin on top of the machine with a pile of Edward VII pennies. Vikki took one and slipped it in the coin slot, then bent forward and looked through the viewing slot. She turned the handle.
She woke with a pain in her hip and her head spinning. She was sitting on the floor, her back against a table leg and her confusion complete. She wasn't sure what had just happened: she'd had a sense of being inside something whilst simultaneously being outside, of lights and washed-out colours. She'd shot backwards, slamming her side into the floor and she had to fight down her bile. She breathed in deeply, trying to slow the world down.
Slowly, she got to her feet and examined the machine. There was a brass plate on a bracer connecting the front legs, and on it was embossed Push Penny Mutoscope, American Mutoscope and Biograph Co. Minchon & Jeeves, Trenton, NJ. It rang a bell, and nursing her hip she retrieved Uncle Lewis's ledger. Yes, part-way down the second page was an entry for a Mutoscope. She hadn't known what one was, and, well, now she did. She stared at it. It was one Uncle Lewis's special items and she had been curious about it all, so now she had the chance to understand. But it had bitten her once...
Vikki prepared herself, trying to locate a mental stubbornness and planting her feet so that she could rock back out of the way if it was too much again. Taking a deep breath, she peered through the slot and turned the handle.
She was dancing. She was naked. Or almost, as she covered herself with two feather fans. The light was yellowed, like the sepia in old photos, and she knew the steps without thinking, moving the fans to reveal her stockinged leg, the seamed silk held in place with a garter. It took a second, and a second more, and she was enjoying it, feeling her body, her bare nipples, a breath of air between her legs as she moved the feathers again, allowing whoever was behind the light the merest flash of her nudity.
She looked out beyond the lights and felt the shape of 'here', the internal dimensions of a sphere, and somewhere in the darkness there were small glass windows, and men looking in, turning handles. Show them what they want. She turned and let a glimpse of her bare arse entice them, and now she could hear a vague clacking below the music, music that was old but rhythmic. Was it slow Jazz? Or something else? No matter, she danced.
She was part of it now, her senses telling her that she was wearing 1920s heels and a flapper headband with a trimmed peacock feather. She cast away one of the feather fans, allowing the men to see more of her as she spun and swayed, running her fingertips over her warm flesh and feeling the tingling sensation spread down to her pussy, knowing 'they' were drooling over her, wanting her but unable to have her, except for a moment in their minds. She dropped the other fan and exposed herself, teasing them with her body, turning away from them and bending forward, running her hands over her buttocks and spreading herself...
The viewing slot went dark and Vikki straightened up, breathing heavily and finding that she was sweating. That was powerful, and she trembled as she propped herself on a table edge, her legs weak as a kitten. She was turned on, darkly. It was the most intense thing she had ever experienced, and she felt an urge burning in her pussy. She stripped, hurriedly, and with feverish fingers grabbed another penny and rammed it in the slot, turning the handle and dancing again, naked without and within. She teased herself as she danced, almost touching, almost pleasuring herself, allowing herself to feel the increasing intensity but not breaking the seal.
When it went dark again she was more composed, though there was perspiration on her brow. She was shaking gently, aroused and elemental. Could she really flaunt herself naked? Had she that power? She swallowed and walked to the window, standing and exposing herself. But of course, there were no passers-by, there never were along here. She caressed and hugged herself for a minute and then turned away, tempted to take another turn on the Mutoscope. But no, that was a pleasure to save for later. As for now, she had a lot of thinking to do.
Which began with Amorous Goods. There was a reason for that name, then, clearly. Now, more than ever, she needed to talk to someone. She was on a journey without a map, and she was lost. She reached for her phone and made the only call she realistically could.
"I've been expecting you to call," said Mr Brown, his tone pleasingly deep.
"Why?"
"Because you've had something you don't understand dumped on you, and you don't know anyone else who can help. When did you start to understand just what your uncle was selling?"
"I think today, if I'm right. He was selling weird sex stuff, yes?"
"The formal term is esoteric erotica, but yes, weird sex stuff about covers it," said Mr Brown, and Vikki could hear the smile in his voice, "so where should we start?"
"How about with your first name. I can't keep calling you Mr Brown," said Vikki, toying a little with her wine glass at their table in the corner of the quiet pub. He had driven to the city, citing the fact that it would be far more convivial to go over everything in person, and who was she to contradict him?
"It's Dylan. And while we're at it, Brown is fake, for business. My real name is McKenzie."
"Dylan. That's, unusual," said Vikki, happy to not just dive into business.
"My mother's American."
"Mine too! Or, she was. It's why I'm k-k-i not c-k-y, and it's not short for Victoria."
"Something in common beyond esoteric erotica, then," smiled Dylan McKenzie, and that would take some getting used to, "but talking of which, I guess you have a million questions?"
"Maybe if you start by telling me whatyoudo," said Vikki after a moment's pause as she ordered her thoughts.
Dylan nodded, approving the opening, "I act as a broker. People come to me with requests for items and I contact the small handful of dealers in this very specialist sector, and I set up the deal and keep the buyers anonymous."
"Why the anonymity?"
"Do you tell everyone if you go to the dirty shop?"
"Ok, point taken."
"Get you another?" asked Dylan and Vikki glanced at her glass in surprise -- she'd drained it in ten minutes flat. Slow down girl, she told herself, as she nodded to him.
"So where," Vikki said when he returned with her refill, "did my uncle get his stock?"
"I never asked," said Dylan, "and I would have expected him to laugh in my face if I had. If he'd told me his sources, his contacts, I would have cut him out."
"So, you're the enemy," Vikki smiled, "and I'm going to be the vulnerable heiress, manipulated into surrendering my inheritance."
Dylan laughed, nicely, "once you're in my clutches, you're doomed!" And there was something to the idea of being in his clutches...
"Look," he went on, serious now, "it was a two-way thing. Your uncle, and the other dealers, are deep into finding this stuff out there. It takes, I'm presuming, a lot of time and research. Do they have, on top of that, the time to market themselves? Or the inclination? That's where I come in. Symbiotic, if you like."
"And how did you get into it?"
"The same way as you," he smiled, his arms spread wide in the explanation of everything, "but I'm guessing your uncle didn't leave much in the way of breadcrumbs behind him."
"There are some notes, but they're largely meaningless. And I have to get this all sorted in about three weeks. There are a bunch of developers coming in with a wrecking ball to smash the place apart, ready or not."
"Can I ask, what's the scale of the problem? How much esoteric stock do you need to move?"
"I have about thirty items."
"Well, alright," said Dylan, "sort them, store them, throw the rest in a skip."
"But I don't know if there's anything else there that's worth something."
"General antiques? Not my area of expertise, I'm afraid, but I guess, if it looks ok save it. Maybe rent a lock-up or something and if you like, I'll help you move it all. Then you'll have some more time to go through stuff properly."
"You'd help?"
"What am I doing now?" said Dylan, "and yes, it's in my interest as well. But my mother brought me up to help damsels in distress and she'd give me a thick ear if I didn't help you. The first thing, though, is to go through the special stuff. I can tout that around to my contacts and maybe get some quick sales for you."
"And split the profits?" said Vikki, suddenly suspicious -- or perhaps it was the wine talking.
"No," said Dylan, and his apparent honesty was disarming, "I get my slice from the clients."
Vikki could only hover, thirty minutes later and back at her flat, as Dylan bent his head over the duplicate ledger she'd created from her uncle's, making his own notes. Her list only had the outstanding items on it, one of which was going to require a diplomatic conversation with Margot, but that could come later. So, she fussed, and offered him coffee which he turned down, and paced around while he did his best to ignore her, before she settled on looking out of the living room window at the rain splashing down on the dark street while she fidgeted.
"Done," he said finally, his glasses dangling between forefinger and thumb, "I reckon there's five or six items I can shift in a month or so. There are a couple of other things that are a bit more specialist and there might not even be a buyer out there, maybe for years. And then there's the other stuff which, I'm afraid, I've not heard of before."
"Meaning?"
"Meaning, I don't know what it is or does. You said your uncle made notes?"
"Not very extensive ones."
"Ok, well I'd be very interested in examining these other items and seeing if we could find their purpose. But for now, I've got some calls to make," and here he stood and gathered his things, 'I'll get back to you in a couple of days."
"One more question," said Vikki, stopping him as he headed for the door, "do you think, I mean... hmm.... Ok, stupid question but, is this stuff actually magic? Or do people just convince themselves that it is?"
"You mean, like powdered rhino horn?"
"Yeah."
"That," said Dylan, as he opened the door, "is the sixty-four thousand dollar question." And with that he was gone.
Vikki waited for a brief moment and then dashed to the window, picking up Uncle Lewis's blue-glass sunglasses on the way. She hid behind the curtain looking down on the street, and after a moment Dylan appeared. She half-expected him to glance back at her window but he didn't -- maybe the rain was too hard for subtle romantic gestures -- and as he strode to his car she tentatively lifted the sunglasses and peered through them.
It was a buzz, such a powerful sensation. She could almost feel him behind her, running his fingers up the back of her thighs, breathing in her ear, his body toned but not over-muscled. His vision of her was flattering, her breasts a touch bigger than reality, her waist a little slimmer, her skin more perfect. And down between his legs his cock was thrilling. He was above average but not amazingly so, a slight curve making him particularly interesting, and she reached back to grasp that shaft...
The vision disappeared as he drove around the corner, Vikki lowering the sunglasses and breathing heavily. It was true that Uncle Lewis had made pretty rubbish notes for an outsider to interpret, but he had been unambiguous about the sunglasses: look at a person through them and they will show you their sexual desire. As she had suspected and, frankly, hoped, at least part of Dylan's sexual desire was her. She would ensure his desire would be realised, she was certain of that, but for now she looked at the sunglasses with respect. There was great power there, and it would be easy to misuse it. She put the sunglasses gingerly down on the table and went to run her head under the shower.
Outside and unseen, a shadowy figure in a green 4x4 noted down the time.
***
Margot's house was, Vikki considered, the quintessential British semi-detached. Every detail, from the red-brown roof tiles and perfectly-pointed chimney pot, down past the yellow ochre paint job on the first floor and exposed brick below, the white painted window frames, the porch, and the front garden in gravel with herbaceous borders, could have stood sterling service in any number of aspirational sitcoms. Of course, the gradual annexation of the porch by the twin's tricycles and their colourful buckets and spades tended to obscure the pure middle-management-ness of Margot's home, but for all that it was the epitome of middle-class success.
Which made the vision of vamp that opened the door to Vikki a shock to the system. She was used to her friend being someone the less charitable might describe as 'dumpy', but in front of her now was an earthy, voluptuous fertility goddess with a look of pure satisfaction on every line of her face. She'd even had her hair done. It clicked, and Uncle Lewis's note instantly made sense: Bastet Figurine, hieroglyphs, make a woman a cat, make a man a lion. Yes, Margot seemed to be purring.
"Darling," she said, "come in. I never called you, did I?"
It didn't seem to Vikki that Margot's omission bothered her in the slightest, which was immediately unusual -- Margot would usually be mortified at something as unthinkable as failing to call when promised. Vikki could make a pretty educated guess as to why Margot had been otherwise occupied, and indeed, as Vikki followed her through to the kitchen she could see that her friend positively slinked. She made Vikki a coffee with the air of someone elsewhere, and sat down opposite her and only then realised that she needed to perhaps say something.
"I need to have a quick word with Peter," said Vikki, saving Margot the bother of distracted small talk.
"Erm, he's upstairs in the home office," said Margot, "he's missed a couple of deadlines this week."
"Thanks. Err, a quick question. How do you like that cat statue I let you have?"
Margot smiled at the mention of it. "It has pride of place on my window sill. You know how cats like to look out of the window, like TV for them. So, I thought she could look at the birds in the garden."
"Your bedroom window?"
"Uh-huh."
Vikki nodded to herself. Uncle Lewis had paid two grand for that statue and she'd given it away just like that. She instantly dismissed the thought of asking for it back -- she'd given it in good faith, and from the looks of it Margot was having the time of her life in the bedroom. Vikki made a mental note to put a little money aside for a gift for the new baby when it inevitably arrived.
Dull, dependable Peter was staring at the computer screen, evidently wishing he was doing something else, and when he turned to say hello, yes, damn it, there was clearly a difference with him, too. For a start, he wasn't wearing his usual white shirt and boring tie combo, instead opting for black shirt, no tie. No doubt this simple sartorial decision would raise serious eyebrows in the accounts department at the bank, perhaps a sign that he was dangerously out in the wilds. But secondly, and far more illustrative of the change Vikki expected, was the clear and obvious twinkle in his eye. This man had certainly discovered his inner lion. Well, go Bastet! There's a goddess who knows her stuff.
"I need your expertise, sweetie," said Vikki, not wanting to waste his time. He smiled and waited for her to continue, "if I get paid a lot of cash for something, is the bank going to be suspicious when I deposit it?"
"Maybe. Probably. Depends how much."
"Fifteen thousand pounds. And maybe more to come."
"Ok, we'd definitely have to report that. Anything over ten grand going into your account is going to be noted," he said before continuing with a grin, "I hope you haven't been doing something you shouldn't..."
"No," smiled Vikki in response to his implication, "no drug dealing or running a house of ill-repute. It's this antique business I got from my uncle. Turns out there are a few good bits in amongst the crap."
"Split the amounts and deposit them separately," he shrugged, "or simply show the bank the receipts. That should satisfy the money laundering people."
"Ah, yes," Vikki grimaced, "no receipts. My clients are 'cash down, no paperwork' kind of people."
"Well, maybe they've got something to hide," said Peter, thinking out loud and Vikki could only agree, but for reasons he couldn't imagine. He went on, "if you haven't done anything wrong but you want to avoid questions you could always buy some gold coins, hang on to them for a day or two, and then sell them and get a receipt. There won't be any questions asked about that, and you might even make a few quid if the gold price goes up."
"Is that legal?"
"Yes. Ethical? Maybe not."
"Thank you," said Vikki, feeling a level of relief, and then she changed the subject, "Margot seems in a good mood."
Peter smiled distantly at this, looking down at his desk in a way that made Vikki slip off the edge she'd been leaning on. She couldn't help wondering what other surfaces might have recently hosted Margot and Peter's passion; perhaps it might be better not to touch anything at all...
Vikki would have loved to have stayed, though, giggling inwardly as she watched her friends going about their lives under the influence of Bastet. But duty called, and she had to hurry back to the station to catch the evening train to Norwich. She left with a promise to catch up soon, though when Margot said she'd call Vikki doubted her for the first time since she'd known her. Never mind, let her have her fun -- perhaps it would wear off after a while.
It was nearly midnight by the time her train arrived and the station was closing down, with station staff ushering a couple of drunks out into the first frost of the autumn. Vikki decided to walk, feeling more confident in her surroundings, and more relieved following Peter's financial advice. She was sorely tempted to go via the shop and take another whirl on the Mutoscope, her mind having turned to it as the train ate up the final miles of track, but she had a skip coming the next morning, and heavy work to do to start throwing out the trash. So, her head in the clouds, she walked to her rented apartment, unaware of the green 4x4 that dogged her footsteps.
***
Vikki was happy and it showed. She'd hardly been living a bad life before, but now there was a new purpose, maybe a man for the first time in a while, maybe even the man, and there was a secret fulfilment. She hummed and sang as she sorted through the shop, from front to back, keeping and throwing and looking out for the special things. Even in tatty old jeans and a checked shirt she exuded something, and had there been much traffic, she would have probably stopped it.
The man who delivered the skip had noted her mood, as had the woman who opened the bookmakers towards lunchtime, and her smile seemed infectious. She lifted the spirits of those around her, the delivery man cheering up his next client with risqué jokes and the woman at the bookmakers consoling the punters so sweetly that they were soon slapping down new bets as if there was no tomorrow.
By mid-afternoon there was a respectable pile of tat filling up the skip -- broken clocks, a rotary telephone which wouldn't dial, Uncle Lewis's inexplicable collection of unmatched crockery (Vikki had searched for the makers, just in case, and none of it was worth even pennies), the list went on. Equally, the back room had filled up, too, the items carried through there quite reverently. She had finally found the bone flute, just a plain looking set of pan pipes in reality, and an oath ring, whatever that did. They were joined by the jade snake and other things, too, and Vikki also set aside things that weren't on the list, but were in good condition and in her mind at least warranted a second look.
She was lugging another armful of junk out to the skip when a green 4x4 drew up on the opposite side of the road. Visitors to the street were unusual enough that it was worth stopping to look, and in this case the attention was more than justified as a quite simply stunning blonde of around thirty, tall, elegant and natural emerged from the parked car, her hair tumbling in tresses. She was perfection in tailored black strides and a leather jacket, the understated gold jewellery speaking to an impeccable taste, and as she walked across the road it was clear she had business with Vikki, who slid from 'a little bit on top of the world' to 'inferior to this vision.'
"Hi, are you Vikki?" the blonde opened with a disarming smile, continuing when Vikki nodded, "I'm Charlie. My card."
Charlie's accent was a little strange, and it took Vikki a moment to place it: a working-class London girl who'd been sent to the best schools, which suggested a lottery win or a crime family. Handing out a card was a little antiquated, but Vikki looked at the white rectangle that told her she was conversing with Charlotte Knight, and gave her phone number and email. Though interestingly, there was no suggestion of an occupation.
"So, what can I do for you," said Vikki, not that keen to be talking to a stranger.
"It's a bit difficult, actually. Sorry to pry, but have you had any dealings with a Dylan McKenzie?"
Vikki didn't feel inclined to answer that question so she didn't, but her silence spoke for her.
"I thought so. Well, he's a charming sod, I'll give him that." Charlie paused before continuing, "look, I don't really want to talk on the street. Could I buy you a coffee?"
Vikki was mildly curious despite herself, and the last few days had been full of new surprises so what was one more? There was a coffee shop on the main road, around the corner, but she couldn't help glancing down at her dirty clothes, stained and dusty. Charlie picked up on her reticence.
"You look fine, bo-ho style," she said with a smile, "with your looks they won't be looking at your clothes anyway. I expect you're beating them off with a stick. Get's tiring, doesn't it?"
Which it probably did for Charlie but for Vikki it was an alien concept, as it often is for introverts.
"So, full disclosure," said Charlie as they sat with their coffees, Vikki still feeling self-conscious, "I'm in the same business as Dylan, and I've worked with him in the past."
"But you're competitors now?"
"Yes, I suppose, but there's only a handful of us and there's enough work to go round," said Charlie, her tone professional, "anyway, the problem is that Dylan has acquired a certain 'reputation.' I know you don't know me from Adam, but let me try to explain. What item did you trade with him?"
Vikki felt her defences go up at that.
"It's ok," said Charlie, "if it's a done deal it'll make no difference to me. Plus, we've no way of knowing who the customer was, anyway."
"Something called the Gultved Cup," said Vikki, reluctantly.
"Ooh, nice piece!" said Charlie, "probably about five grand up front, because the sellers rarely know what they've got, and then how much was the balance from his client?"
"I'm not sure I really want to say," said Vikki, her spidey-senses jangling.
"I understand, so how about this," said Charlie, "that piece, conservatively, should be about 40k, but with a determined client you could even be looking at half as much again. Now, you don't need to give me a figure, but did Dylan part with anything near that?"
Vikki shook her head.
"The rotten ratbag!" exclaimed Charlie, "and I bet he told you he makes his commission from the client. Well, he's actually getting notorious for skimming both sides. I know dealers who won't let him get within a hundred yards these days."
Vikki thought about Dylan. Sexy, charming Dylan, who seemed to be getting a little interested in her. But of course, that's how conmen and serial killers operate, isn't it? They don't drag people in by being unpleasant, but by making someone feel like the centre of their world, if only for a minute. She felt the happy possibility that had been living in her head all day dissipate, fading like a half-remembered song. As it faded, it became that much more obvious to her that it had been Dylan's attentions, as much as the money and the fascination with the strange things her uncle had collected, that had lifted her so much over the last week.
And now it was gone, and of course it had, because it was gorgeous, beautiful women like Charlie who had the luck fall into their laps, and it was women like Vikki who struggled and worked and got shat on relentlessly, and to expect anything else was just hopeless pie-in-the-sky.
"Do you want to play him, like he's been trying to play you?" said Charlie, and there was something of the tiger about her. Vikki nodded, more sad than angry, but knowing she needed to protect herself.
"Ok," Charlie went on, "we'll get back to your shop and I'll check your stock, and give you quotes and price ranges, then when he gets back in touch you can see if what he offers matches the market. If it does, bad Charlie! But it won't, and when he comes to make the pick-up I'll be waiting with you."
Ten minutes later Charlie was all business, her monogramed leather portfolio pad open as she noted down the Amorous Goods items in Vikki's back room. Vikki looked on as Charlie made an occasional comment, noting thatthiswas in demand, orthatwas something she'd heard about but never seen. With each item she added a ball-park figure for price, and every now again she glanced at Vikki with a reassuring smile.
Once she'd finished she ripped out the page and handed it to Vikki, and she glanced down the page, noting the florid copperplate that was Charlie's handwriting: that alone must have cost her parents a chunk of school fees. Then she looked over the numbers, the very rough running total adding up to an eye-opening four hundred thousand once she'd reached the bottom of the page. If she sold everything, she decided she would be buying a house, cash down and no mortgage. The thought made her a little dizzy.
"What's this stuff," said Charlie, glancing over at the items Vikki had set aside on the other side of the room, the items not on Uncle Lewis's list.
"My uncle was running a conventional antiques business alongside the specialist stuff. Not very well by the looks of it."
"Do you mind if I take a look?" said Charlie, "I know a bit about straight world antiques."
"Sure," said Vikki, "I asked Dylan if he could give me some prices but he just said he didn't know a thing."
"Hardly a surprise," said Charlie holding up the coup stick and shaking her head, "worthless, sorry, probably came out of a props department at a film studio. He was only ever interested in the money, never the things for their own sake. Personally, I like to appreciate things."
Charlie moved along the table where Vikki had set the normal antiques aside.
"I know a man who could give you a price on these," said Charlie, nodding at the 78 records that she had grouped together.
"Much, do you think?"
"Well, don't plan a Caribbean holiday, but certainly a couple of hundred. Better than just chucking them out," said Charlie, and then she moved on, shaking her head at a couple of porcelain figurines ("1950s reproduction. Probably worth a fiver each at best.") and examining a painted fan.
"Ooh, this is cute," she said suddenly, picking up a tin embossed withPoudre L'Aphrodite, MM Brisbois et Meunier, Bruxelles, 1803, "you know there are collectors who specialise in antique cosmetics?"
"I just thought it, well, it's more than two hundred years old..."
"It's actually worth a bit. I could put you in touch with a trader who'd give you maybe five hundred if you don't want to bother with finding a buyer, or I could give you four hundred now and..."
"Can we maybe wait until we've dealt with Dylan before we talk sales?" said Vikki, reserved despite the growing warmth she felt for Charlie.
"Wise," smiled Charlie, "let's walk before we run."
"Can I ask you something?" said Vikki, suddenly even more reticent.
"Shoot," said Charlie, but it took a moment for Vikki to summon up the courage.
"Have you ever... tried out, anything?"
"You mean the esoteric erotica?" And Vikki nodded shyly.
"That would be telling," said Charlie, with an outsized wink, and she turned back to the antiques.
"Also," said Vikki, interrupting her again, "where does this stuff come from? I mean, who made it?"
"Sex magic!" smiled Charlie, "the ancient masters! I'm joking. But the older stuff? Nobody knows. More recently, well, there are serious students out there, even to this day, who create unique items that have aphrodisiac powers. You're going to tell me that magic doesn't exist, but I'm guessing you have doubts about that now. I prefer to think of it as science we don't understand yet."
Vikki thought about this as Charlie went back to studying the antiques. Science we don't understand yet seemed the only reasonable explanation Vikki could cling to, the alternative, genuine magic, being surely absurd.
***
It was on Thursday, the day before Halloween, that Vikki's world finally became a different place.
She had waved off the skip, the driver taking it away to the landfill, and walked back into the shop. It was empty, or nearly, the Mutoscope (herMutoscope, the one thing she could hardly wait to get back home), was the only thing left, covered once more by the sheet. Otherwise, the shop was bare, and strange in the way familiar rooms always are once stripped of their furnishings. The back room was still full, but not for long, and then she would be able to drop the key in with the landlord and never return. Even on such a short acquaintance she realised she might just miss Uncle Lewis's legacy, Amorous Goods having been a strangely refreshing break from what she now recognised was a rut.
There was, however, the small matter of Dylan and Charlie still to attend to. But first she went into the city. She had come to like what she'd seen of it, and she spent a relaxing morning drifting along the streets, looking at the Georgian and Victorian upgrades to the medieval city. She had business, too, and she followed Peter's advice, turning her thousands in cash into gold coins at a couple of dealers. Frankly, she told herself, she'd been mad to carry all that cash around with her the whole time, but she just couldn't escape the sense that there was something illegal here, something wrong in even having that amount of physical money, and so she'd kept it close rather than entrust it to the security of a bank that might send the authorities to her door. And then she turned back to the shop and the showdown.
While the morning had been an exercise in displacement, her nerves came now came flooding over her with a vengeance. She wasn't good with conflict, and she knew there was going to be conflict with a vengeance. Dylan had called her with quotes that were half the amount Charlie had set out. Her heart had sunk at that, the final nail in something that she'd hoped might grow. But she'd played along, and arranged to meet him at two in the afternoon, and then she'd called Charlie, who had seemed almost gleeful at the thought of outing Dylan.
It was just past one when she stopped at the corner and looked along the near derelict street, then took a deep breath and walked to the shop.
Everything happened quickly, confusingly. Even later she found it difficult to reconstruct the next two minutes in anything resembling a coherent form. There was a flash of movement, the smell of a man, and she let out a despairing, "hey!" as she was hurled to the ground. She caught sight of a black hoodie and grey tracksuit bottoms and her backpack was ripped away from her as she bounced off the pavement. The thief was away, sprinting off with his booty,her backpack, her brain insistently screamed, but then he was tumbling, flying into a brick wall. There was a car with an open door and, detached, she saw it was Dylan's car, though it hadn't been there before, and he'd opened the door into the thief, sending him flying, and then without there seeming to be any intervening movement he was standing over the thief, fists clenched.
"Trev?" said Dylan, the surprise evident in his voice.
"Oh shit!" gasped the thief, then he scrambled to his feet and fled, disappearing around the far corner almost faster than comprehension.
Winded, Vikki tried to make sense of the world as Dylan reached down and retrieved her backpack from where it had been dropped, and as he walked towards her she became vaguely aware of a green car screeching to a halt on the other side of the road. Charlie emerged from the car, bounding across the road and placing herself in front of Dylan as Vikki struggled to her feet.
"Don't you dare come closer," she hissed, for the world like an avenging angel, before she turned to Vikki, full of solicitous care.
"What did he do to you, Vikki?" she said, reaching down to help Vikki up, "did he hurt you?"
"No," said Dylan, a strange amused calm on his face replacing his previous confusion, "he didn't hurt her. He didn't set his brother on her, either."
"What?" said Vikki, even more confused now, looking from Dylan to Charlie. There was something about the woman, a flash of guilt before she set herself.
"Another piece of bullshit, is it Dylan? That's your usual style...." But it wasn't quite convincing.
"I see you've already met Lottie," said Dylan, his calm a counterpoint to Charlie, who suddenly bristled.
"Don't call me that!"
"But I doubt," Dylan went on, ignoring Charlie, "you've been properly introduced to Trevor Knight, Lottie's brother, and the useless scrote who just tried to thieve your backpack."
Charlie tried to look ignorant but she failed, badly, not that Vikki knew what to make of any of this.
"So, what is it, Lottie?" said Dylan, "what did you tell Vikki about me? That I'm an evil conman? Or maybe even something worse, a despoiler of virgins and the thief of innocence?"
Charlie was silent, and her silence spoke to her guilt as the scenario spun out of her control.
"I think I can guess the plan," and now Dylan spoke to Vikki, "she contacted you and told you I'm a rip-off merchant, gave you some quotes and told you my quotes would be lower because I'm cheating you. And then you were going to confront me. But I'm early, and I get here before her, and I interrupt her brother as he mugs you, no doubt as part of the plan to gaslight you, making it easier for her to manipulate you. You really are a piece of work Lottie."
"It's not like that..." Charlie began.
"And I bet she never told you we used to be an item," Dylan cut her off, and now Vikki's mouth was hanging open, "yes, I thought we were together for the long haul, true love and everything, but no, she found out about my business and crept around behind my back, didn't you Lottie?"
Charlie was cringing now, every word seeming to sting her, her careful plan withering. So, did she really think she could outface Dylan? Perhaps, or perhaps it was the over-confidence of narcissism.
"Once she'd found out enough, she ditched me over a deal. Smiled in my face and stabbed me in the back for thirty grand. That was all our relationship was worth."
If Dylan had been angry or ranting it might have offered Charlie a way back, an opportunity to play the victim card. But his calm, reasonable tones presented a smooth wall that she had no chance of climbing. She was defeated, and it was written all over her face.
"Then," and now Dylan smiled, "she played the innocent and told her family I was the bastard for dumping her. Which I didn't actually get the chance to do, though I'd have loved to, because she even stole that pleasure from me."
Vikki turned and stared at Charlie, the truth of what Dylan was saying slowly sinking in and the fog in her mind lifting. Did she want to hit the woman? Yes, she decided, she wanted to hit her and she started to move forward, her intentions crystal clear. Charlie edged back, glancing over her shoulder at her car and calculating whether she could reach it in time. But once again Dylan took control.
"No," he said, his tone a warning, "you aren't running off. We're going to sort this."
"Surely you don't believe this?" said Charlie, but she was flailing, and she took another step towards her car.
"If you leave," said Dylan, "we'll be reporting Trevor for street robbery. He can get three to five for that. And I wonder if he'd do that for you? Or would he drag you down with him? I wonder what you'd get for conspiracy."
Vikki took another step forward, violence uppermost in her mind, and now Dylan was in front of her, shaking his head as Charlie dithered, caught between flight and surrender.
"I suggest," he said as if it was already settled, "that we have a look at the goods, and compare what Lottie's told you with the truth. Because there's one thing I can't see yet, and that's what her angle is here."
Perhaps it was the threat of police involvement, but Charlie seemed to accept that she needed to accompany Vikki and Dylan into the shop. She slunk, though, the personification of been caught stealing, while Dylan moved with a purpose, and Vikki just moved, not sure what was coming next. In a moment they were in the back room, and there was a tension there, for those perceptive enough to feel it. Only Vikki seemed to sense it, though, Dylan zeroing in on the three things he had offers for while Charlie stood sullenly, her back against the wall and her eyes on her feet.
"So, what was her price on this?" said Dylan, holding up the Venetian mask.
"Twelve thousand," said Vikki, taking Charlie's list from the bureau and finding the right entry.
"Shit!" said Dylan with a grunt, "if she's offered that, you should take it. Have you got the cash on you, Lottie?"
Charlie kept staring at her feet.
"Thought so," said Dylan as he moved on to the next item, a small, stone gargoyle, "let me guess, twenty thousand?"
Vikki perused the list, "nearly. Eighteen."
"And the jade snake?" said Dylan.
"Twenty-five thousand," and Dylan whistled through his teeth at that.
"So, Lottie... alright,Charlie, I'll humour you, you were prepared to tell Vikki the market is worth double my prices. But let's say she'd agreed that you should find the buyers, would you have paid those prices, and lumbered yourself with stuff you'd have to pass on at a loss of," and here Dylan rapidly calculated, "at least ten thousand pounds? I don't think so, so what are you really after?"
Charlie stayed silent, and Dylan smiled, "silence is the best defence, eh? Oh well, we'll keep looking, there must be something here."
He took the list from Vikki and scanned it, shaking his head at some entries, holding back his laughter at others.
"I'm sorry Vikki," he said, once he reached the bottom of the list, "it's ludicrous. You'd never get these kinds of prices. But she didn't do this just to spite me. Charlie here only does something if she stands to profit, and there's no profit here. None at all. Did she look at anything else, anything that isn't on the list?"
"Well, she said she knew a bit about general antiques and offered to help me with them," said Vikki, and as she spoke she saw Dylan studying Charlie, narrowing his eyes as she seemed to tense.
"Interesting," said Dylan, and he turned to the collection of 'straight' items Vikki had put aside to save. He glanced through them, humming to himself and Vikki saw Charlie begin to edge towards him out of the corner of her eye.
Then suddenly Dylan froze, and Vikki saw he was looking at the tin with the vintage make-up, thePoudre L'Aphrodite. Suddenly Charlie darted forward, pushing past Vikki and desperately trying to snatch the tin. But Dylan was too quick and his hand gripped her wrist, and in one smooth movement he lifted her arm and pushed it up and back, over her shoulder. In an instant Charlie's feet shot out from under her and she crashed down on her back, laying stunned on the floor.
"Bad dog!" he said, and Charlie actually snarled, much to Vikki's surprise.
"Did you know you had this?" Dylan said to Vikki, holding up the tin, then shook his head as if to clear some confusion, "I mean, did she give you a price?"
"She said there are collectors who might pay five hundred pounds, but she offered me four hundred to save me the trouble of finding a buyer."
For the first time Dylan's composure slipped, "four hundred quid? Four fucking hundred? Lottie, you're a thieving bitch!"
Charlie's eyes were wild, like a trapped animal, but when she looked around it was for an exit.
"Four hundred," said Dylan, almost to himself as he shook his head, and then he turned to Vikki, "there are people who would pay half-a-million for this, minimum. It wasn't on your uncle's ledger?"
Vikki shook her head.
"Well, I think we've found her angle."
"What is it?" said Vikki, lost.
"Only the sodding Grail! It's not the powder, though there are a couple of people who mistakenly maintain that it is. No, it's the tin. If you put a powder in it, then apply it to your face, well, have you seen Spinal Tap?"
"What?"
"It's a joke rock documentary. Anyway, there's a rock musician in it who had speakers made that go up to eleven instead of ten. Any make-up you put in that tin will do the same for your looks. I reckon if you auction this between the right buyers the sky's the limit."
"I almost threw it away," said Vikki quietly, "but I thought the tin might fetch something at a car boot sale. But who'd pay so much for it?"
"Anyone whose face is their pay cheque," said Dylan, and he put the tin softly in Vikki's open palm, closing her fingers around it, "fading actresses, paranoid singers, models who want another few years on the catwalk. Keep it safe. This is your uncle's real legacy."
"I think you'd better leave now," said Vikki, speaking directly to Charlie for the first time since the drama had begun, and stung by defeat Charlie did just that, slipping silently away.
"Can you really get me a buyer for this?" Vikki said to Dylan, holding up the tin.
"Easier than falling off a log," smiled Dylan, "faster, too."
"Then we'll go fifty-fifty."
It hadn't escaped her notice that while Charlie had tried to snatch the tin, Dylan had placed it, worth half-a-million pounds, no less, directly into her hand without a second's hesitation. The room had noticed too, not that Vikki or Dylan realised, and a calm descended with a hint of purring beyond human hearing.
***
Vikki slipped out of bed and stood for a moment, smiling down at Dylan as he turned and settled himself in his sleep. He wouldn't be up until about ten, but that was ok, Vikki liked having the house to herself for a couple of hours in the morning. For fun she slid around and beneath the summer sun beams that poked through the gaps in the curtains and then she made her way downstairs to the kitchen. Having her own house was still a novelty, and she grinned as she gazed out of her kitchen window as her coffee percolated. The view had done the heavy lifting for the estate agent, Vikki captivated by the broad sweep over the valley and up to the Peaks as Dylan looked on indulgently, knowing at that moment that she'd found their home.
The sound of her phone drew her away from the greenery and the scampering rabbits in the distance. It was an unknown number, but these days that usually meant another customer.
"Hello?" came the voice as Vikki picked up the call, and the voice sounded like an older woman, perhaps one closer to retirement.
"Hello," said Vikki, "can I help you with something?"
"Erm, err," said the woman, and yes, it was business, because 'erm, err' was a standard opening that Vikki often heard. The woman found the words to go on, "I heard from a friend that you might have something that would help me."
"I can try. What item did your friend mention?"
"A sewing machine..."
"Ah yes, Halliburton and Dawes, made in Gosforth in 1878. Can I ask, is your daughter getting married by any chance?"
"My son," said the woman, relief in her voice once she realised Vikki knew exactly what was wanted without her having to spell it out. Uncle Lewis hadn't been very clear in his notes about the sewing machine but Dylan had been able to fill in the gaps. Simply put, if the bride wore an item of underwear made on the machine, nine months later the woman would be a grandmother, though Vikki wasn't sure what would happen if her son wore a condom -- presumably it would break or something. Maybe they'd get carried away and forget. Whatever, it wasn't her problem.
"Congratulations," said Vikki, "are you looking to rent or buy?"
"Rent," said the woman diffidently, "my friend told me the cost is two thousand, is that right?"
"Your friend is spot on. When can we expect to see you?"
"I was hoping on Saturday."
"I'll send you our address," said Vikki.
She busied herself with her coffee after the woman rang off, listening to the bird song in the garden and trying to identify each species. It was the third rental they'd had in a year, and whilst six thousand pounds hardly paid for Caribbean holidays it was nice as a passive income, and it confirmed what she'd learnt since Dylan had made the big sale. He had found a buyer for the Aphrodite powder who was willing to part with nearly £1.5 million, and with that she had come to understand that the big thing that money bought wasn't cars or houses or holidays; what it bought was time.
They had time to find amorous items, Vikki doing the research and tracking down potential sellers and Dylan doing his salesman thing. They'd made nearly one hundred grand in the last year, which was comfortable without being amazing. But for Vikki, being comfortable with Dylan was more than she could have hoped for in the bad old days before he'd come along.
Once she had cream and sugar to her satisfaction, she took her coffee through to the small garage. They kept their cars in the large garage at the front, but the small garage at the rear, which presumably had once been home to a bit of farm equipment, now housed Amorous Goods. She opened the connecting door and stepped inside, the chime from the bell they'd brought from the shop and fixed over the door a familiar reminder of their good fortune. She immediately felt a welcome, a sense that the collection was embracing her. It was stupid, of course; they were just things, but they did seem to have personality.
She put her coffee down on the workbench and walked over to the Mutoscope, caressing it with her fingertips and feeling a familiar desire to escape into its virtual reality. She rationed herself, very aware that she risked becoming like her uncle if she indulged too much. But he had been a shadow, a voyeur who was hidden from the world behind shades of blue, whilst here she was the star of the show. She had wondered whether she could translate her exhibitionism into the real world but she had dismissed that thought almost immediately -- she had body issues, and she was still essentially shy. And how would Dylan react? He was indulgent, but perhaps not that indulgent. Maybe one day.
But it had been more than a week, and despite (or maybe because of) the fact she was still humming from the beautiful sex she'd had with Dylan last night, she began to undress. Dylan had mentioned he could find a buyer more than once but she'd turned him down, lying that the Mutoscope was something she wanted to keep as a memento, as the thing that linked her to her past. In truth it was her guilty secret.
The only other item that wasn't for sale was the sunglasses, but for a different reason. She'd quickly realised just what Uncle Lewis had been up to when he'd had his heart attack: the poor jogger who'd found him had been the object of his voyeuristic lust, and for Vikki that was too close to a violation. She sent the woman a bouquet, ostensibly as a thank you for caring enough about a lone old man to check on him, but actually as a little compensation for being his dying wank fantasy. Vikki shuddered as she imagined what Uncle Lewis might have done on that summer morning on the heath if the heart attack hadn't taken him first, and she had locked the drawer in which the sunglasses were kept, and put the key safely away.
Her fingers trembled a little as she took the Edward VII penny from the tin and slipped it into the coin slot in the Mutoscope. Before she began she breathed deeply, slowly, and she let her fingertips slide over her skin, a featherlight touch that excited her and drew her into her fantasy. She leant forward and looked through the viewer, then reached for the handle and began to turn.
She was in sepia again, and now it felt like returning. The experience always varied with her mood, each journey unique, and that day it seemed her mood was more wanton. She was clad, as ever, in her flapper head band and 1920s shoes and her stockings, and was otherwise naked, and she had her feather fans, but in front of her, erect on the floor, stood a glass dildo. The lights reflected through it, a discord of prisms, mesmerising her and drawing her in, and she swayed and showed the unseen men, somewhere in time and place, the vision of a lifetime.
She had never done something so explicit but it seemed so natural to kneel down, her legs wide and her feathers discarded, the glass dildo standing proud between her thighs. It was nine inches, ten perhaps, its girth such that she could only just wrap her fingers around it, but this was the fantasy place, and she could take just as much of it as she desired. She positioned herself, her knees either side of the dildo, and the incessant background clacking, the sound of handles turning outside the drum in which she danced, grew in intensity as the men gulped and grasped their cocks, not daring to hope that they were really about to see...
She lowered herself, the tip of the toy easing into her, and she gasped softly at that initial penetration, excitement playing over her skin. Slowly at first, she eased down the shaft, letting it fill her, stretch her, touch her everywhere that mattered. And then she lifted herself, slowly again, teasing the men who watched, let them make her their goddess, her every move their worship. She leant back a little and sank down again, moaning aloud as it really hit the spot this time, and she fucked it, fucked herself, riding that toy faster and faster, using her fingers to caress her skin, running them up her stomach to her breasts and squeezing her nipples, then down between her legs, spreading her lips apart and, moist on her clit, sending herself skywards.
Giddy, she was going to come, but first they must make their offerings. She felt them, felt her power over them, and they groaned and grunted, wherever they were, and shot ropes of hot, sticky cum from their purple cocks, such an aphrodisiac. She plunged down faster on the toy and now she was glass herself, ready to stiffen and splinter and melt and ooze and reform, gasping and sweat flying and shuddering joy as she gripped that toy and fell forward, holding on to the Mutoscope to stop herself falling as the vision went black. Her fingers were sticky where she had ridden them relentlessly, her skin flushed and her hair wild and her knees hollow as she slipped back and rested herself against the tabletop, the black spots fading but her grin widening. She had never pushed the boundaries so hard, but it wouldn't be the last time.
Her phone began to ring, vibrating across the table, and she caught her breath, composing herself as she hurriedly groped, still nude, and swept it up, hoping the noise hadn't woken Dylan. It was Margot, back to her rhythm of regular calls, though whilst the enhanced sex life Bastet had bestowed on her had seemed to have calmed enough to allow her to contact her friends again, it had certainly never gone away. Vikki had pondered telling Margot the secret of her wild, rampant, and above all regular, bedroom gymnastics with Peter, but ultimately, she thought it irrelevant: let her fuck with abandon and without cause.
"I've got news!" Margot gleefully giggled.
"You're pregnant," said Vikki, revelling in being the sage.
"How did you know?" Margot gasped, truly taken aback and beautifully, innocently unaware of what every last person in her circle had seen for nearly a year now.
"Magic," said Vikki, "just ordinary magic."
And she smiled, satisfied: They would all live interestingly ever after.