Note: Today I am happy to present to you a jumbo chapter! This one is twice as long as my other chapters usually are. Fair warning, though, it's also probably twice as extreme, probably the most extreme I will be getting in this series. But even this kind of out-there scene has it's purpose in the plot and I think this is the climax of Aria's character arc (pun intended). As I continue the series, and you'll see why as you read below, things are going to get a bit more relaxed, less tense, more satisfying, petty, and, well... fun!
If you're one of the commenters, see if you can spot your influence! I actually listed out all your suggestions on paper and worked in as many as I could in my little story. So if you were one of the people who was pro-incest, I have good news for you. For those of you who didn't like it... well there's a mixed bag for you but ultimately good news for you as well, I think. To list some of the comments and emails (mild spoilers for this chapter ahead), I worked in some stuff from that bukkake dude, the commenter who thought the bits of Buddhism I mentioned were interesting, the one who wanted a second bar scene, the one who wanted to see Lauren blackmailing Krocker while Kyle filmed, the one who wanted me to throw in some foot fetish, etc. I have read each and every comment and email I have gotten about this series dozens of times. I can't stress enough how happy they make me, and how happy I am to try to work in your fantasies into my writing. If you had a suggestion that you haven't seen yet, it probably just didn't fit into this chapter, and it might be coming up (looking at you, lgbt fans). I can't work in everything, but I think I can touch on the majority.
Anyways, I'd also like to write a disclaimer here. Haven't done that before, but I was told that I should. All of the characters in this story are 18 or older, even if I don't explicitly state it. Everything in this story is completely fiction, and I don't condone even half the shit I'm writing, though I think it's satisfying to read. This goes for every chapter I have written and will write. And thanks to my editor who is miraculously still here even after all of my vanishing acts.
Anyways, I love you all and hope you touch yourself. And if you do, feel free to tell me about it in the comments so I can touch myself to the idea of you touching yourself to my characters touching themselves. Stay safe out there.
*********************************************
English Teacher Jeffrey Krocker didn't know how much longer this insanity could go on for before he was caught and sent to prison. But he was definitely going to go to jail and his life would be over, he was fairly certain. Who would catch him first, he wondered. Would it be the FBI agent who was talking to student number one, whom he was unwillingly but compulsively at times screwing around with? Or perhaps the angry boyfriend of the second student he was screwing around with under the threat of blackmail would be the one to turn him in. Or, just as likely, it was his own boyfriend Darius who would figure out exactly why Jeff had been acting so nervous lately.
At the end of the school day - as he explained to said boyfriend that he was just having a headache, and said boyfriend was worried that Jeffy might have gotten some serious illness due to the Jizzgate incident - he figured it might be the latter. Because there's only so much stuttering and moaning that could be had in a phone conversation before the man at the other end of the line figured out that he was in the middle of jamming his rod into a high-schoolers ass.
Why was he balls deep in Lauren Valdevillia's lubricated anal cavity? Because "my pussy is for my real man, and I'm not going to cheat on him."
Why was he on the phone with Darius, the man he lived with, the man he loved? Because when his phone started ringing just as Lauren seated herself on his lap, Lauren's "real man," who was holding a camera and filming the unthinkable act of teacher-student buttsex, told him to answer it if he didn't want some compromising pictures and videos to find their way into the wrong hands.
To Mr. Krocker, the pictures and videos of him in a compromising position with Aria Phillips, and the further pictures and videos created with Lauren under threat of the previous pictures being released, were already in the WRONG hands. Or wrong hand. Kyle's right hand was charming his own one eyed snake. Not that there's anything wrong with the left hand, or left handed people.
Lauren was also enjoying herself, presumably. It was hard to tell as she played pornstar for the camera, going "AH AH AH" mistimed with every thrust and made faces at the camera. It was the kind of moaning that might sound hot if you watched a poorly made porno halfway through a wank session, but would be unbearably cheap and false at the beginning or end of one. And as Jeffrey was, for better or most certainly worse, in the middle of such a venture, it was kind of doing it for him.
Jeffrey hung up on his worried partner and apologized to Darius once more in his mind, on the excuse that he was going to go "handle" this crying student.
The phone clattered to the floor as Jeffrey squeezed his eyes shut in concentration, trying not to shoot a steaming load into her hot, sticky tunnel. Kyle laughed. Jeffrey groaned. Lauren began to "handle" her own tits, lightly pinching and rolling her stiff nipples.
Mr. Krocker was barely holding on to his sanity. And every second, every bounce of her flesh slapping on his thighs, tested that thin strand of sanity that held him dangling over a deep and hellish pit of trouble. A string as thin as the shimmering strand of Lauren's pussy juice that dripped from her core to the damp seat of his desk chair. Frankly, everything about his life right now was a blur, much like his vision...
Suddenly, the pressure on his cock was two fold, and his vision sharpened once again. Kyle was no longer filming, but seemingly trying to swallow Lauren's mouth and chin. It was a mess of tongues, and enough of a turnoff to stave off Jeffrey's building orgasm. Glancing down, he saw the source of Lauren's new tightness. Kyle had just filled her gaping cunt, double stuffing Lauren to the brim.
Suddenly, Jeffrey was in a sexual relationship with three students. Suddenly, that last thread of sanity snapped. Hefting the weight of the girl in his lap and the guy pressing her down, the trio was knocked to the floor. Lauren was now no longer sitting on Jeffrey's lap, but Kyle's. Now, she couldn't ride him. He was free to ride her.
And for all the mental torture he had been through lately, he began to ride her hard. As Lauren squirmed on her boyfriend, her breasts squashed against his chest, Krocker pounded her from behind. He slammed his open hand down on her cheek, resulting in a loud smack. Seeing the red handprint he left on her but, he then roughly grabbed the cheek to massage the sting in.
"You're a disgusting little bitch, Lauren."
She gasped and began to glare over her shoulder, but was silenced by his next spank, harder than the first. "No, you shut up, you dirty little whore. You had this coming." He punctuated the statement with an even harder slap.
Kyle, who was obeying the age old "it's not gay if it's in a threeway" no eye-contact rule raised his voice. "What the fuck, man?"
Remembering how that asshole was filming and blackmailing him, Jeffrey grabbed Lauren's hair and pushed her face down, making her painfully head-bump her "real man". As the two groaned, he pulled Lauren's hair back harshly. "You're playing a fucking dangerous game and I'm sick of it." Every time he spanked her ass, it was with his full strength. "I'm your teacher, so let me teach you the fucking consequences."
Jeffrey was thrusting into her at full speed, but so distracted by his rage that it was the least of his concerns. "I've made mistakes. You want to take advantage of that?" Spank. "Blackmail me?" He spanked her other cheek. "Did you stop to think that now I have nothing holding me back? I'm a criminal already, now. So maybe, I guess I'll just use this chance..." Spank. "To do some real criminal shit to your body."
Lauren, had she not been a kinky freak, would have and should have been terrified at this point. He had genuinely lost it. His hand snaked up to squeeze menacingly at her throat. His other hand forced it's way between her and Kyle's body to scratch at her clit. Her over-acted moans from before were now real screams. Other girls would rightly have feared for their lives. Lauren, however, wasn't much for fear or thinking of consequences. Yes, those screams were partly from pain. But mostly, they were from the mind-numbing pleasure of having her front and back holes plugged and fucking her hard and fast, from having her clit stimulated like never before, from having the blood flow to her brain stifled with erotic asphyxiation.
Her eyes rolled into the back of her head as she reached an orgasm of biblical levels. Her worthless mouth was not spitting venomous words, but drooling helplessly onto her disgusted, yet aroused, boyfriend. Her pussy trembled and throbbed and leaked and spurted onto the meat that slammed into her. If she had any functioning thoughts left, she might have realized her bladder failed. The condom wrapped cock in her front expanded and shot tremors through her. The unwrapped tool in her back began to fire ropes of magma hot cum deep into her ass, filling her more than she ever felt would have been possible. Her body flopped helplessly in seizure. Spank.
Mr. Krocker roared as he fired his seed into her, and her body milked his dick desperately. The pleasure was so good. It felt almost just like... the image of student number one flashed through his head. As he unloaded his semen, a defeated moan escaped his lips. "Aria..."
Kyle, upon hearing the name, immediately forgot about the girl who was riding him and replaced her with the image of the foxy blonde he'd rather be fucking. Unthinking, he repeated it.
Lauren heard the name, too, but was far, far too far gone to register it. It was not until later that evening, when she sat in her room, grounded because her parents had found all sorts of shit in her room that she didn't remember buying, like a gigantic dildo (kind of hot, too bad she never got to use it) and drugs and shit, did it hit her.
Aria. Fucking Aria. Aria Phillips was the bitch at fault. Why the hell did that teacher want her so bad. He could have any student. He could have her, THE Lauren Valdevillia. Even that shithead Kyle mumbled her name, and he was Lauren's damn fucking property. Lauren was every bit as Hot as Aria. Just because that blonde bimbo started wearing skirts and make-up, it was like the whole world - no, worse, the whole SCHOOL - was upside down.
Aria. Fucking. Phillips.
Phillips...
ARIA PHILLIPS.
Lauren dove for her trashcan dumped its contents to the floor. Filtering through the mess, a small piece of plastic flashed in the lamplight of her room. She picked it up.
She had recognized it when she found it. It was a broken piece of a library card. She had found it by her front door, shortly before all the horrible shit in her life started happening. Since then, her hair started falling out and she had to change shampoos and see a professional at a salon to fix it. Her nudes were leaked again. Fuck, that was probably when the contraband that got her grounded was PLANTED in her room. Someone had used their library card to break into her house. They did that shit. Holy shit. And the name on the library card?
Well, she barely had to check to know exactly who was responsible.
Lauren screamed. Her voice was hoarse from all the screaming earlier, but this shit deserved a scream. That fucking bitch. That fucking BITCH. What the hell had Lauren done to deserve this? Start a rumor about Aria being pregnant? Aria was throwing up at a bathroom stall. It was either that or she was bulimic (Lauren made a mental note to start that rumor next. Bitch). Totally not her fault, anyone would have said the same. What else, a little fight here or there? Grow up, people fight all the time. And yeah, Lauren maybe spread that video of Aria having sex in the bathroom at her party, but that's what you get when you have sex in publec. It was Lauren's house, after all. She could film things that happened in her own damn house. Frankly, Lauren had done worse to other girls. What the hell was Aria's problem!!? She just had to fucking go and escalator. Escale. Whatever.
Lauren texted Kyle. She should ream him for cheated on her and moaning that bitch's name. But right now, she needed him. He had been watching Aria for her for a while now. He had pictures of the two of them together. Lauren had him send over everything. After getting Aria's number off of Hannah, she sent a message.
Meanwhile, Aria was at home. Her phone dinged as a message was received. Things were about to escalator.
But back to the clearly much more interesting part of this story, Mr. Krocker sat at home drinking a cup of tea.
Darius believed in the curative powers of tea. He believed herbal teas could soothe an aching stomach. He believed floral teas could calm an anxious mind. And as far as anxiety curing goes, spilling the tea was even better. And that is why he sat with his boyfriend of two years, sipping tea, and smiling through the silence.
Darius knew things had been strange not just with the school, but with Jeffrey, for quite a while, now. Jeffrey used to smile when talking about lesson plans. Even when he was complaining about all the grading and misbehaving students, Jeffrey always had a helpless grin on his face. It was the grin he had fallen in love with. But that smile was gone, and in its place was anxiety. Jeffery was acting different, at school, at home, and in the bedroom.
Jeffrey looked at his calmly smiling boyfriend and sighed. After the aggression and the stress of his secret, he didn't even know where to begin, so it was to his immense relief that Darius spoke up.
"I know you've been telling me lies, lately." Jeffrey winced. "But I see how sad you are when you make them. So I'm going to cut you a deal. You tell me as much as you can about what's been going on with you. And in exchange for you opening up about me, I won't ask you any questions about the details. As a matter of fact, give me just a moment." Jeffrey watched as Darius pulled out his phone and began to type. After a minute or so, Darius put it down again. "All the questions I want to ask you, I've written down just now. After you've talked, those are the only questions I'll ask you."
Jeffrey's heart was pounding. He didn't think it would pound that hard, given how tired he was. But after a sip of tea, he was calm enough to speak.
"It began with that virus at school." Darius nodded, and listened. He was a very good listener.
Jeffrey began to spill almost everything. How the virus at school had awakened a weird lust in him, over stupid schoolteacher and schoolgirl porn. Regretfully, he admitted being attracted to a student, and having fantasized about her. During this, Jizzgate was happening and the school was in chaos. The student approached him in all this, and while they did not have sex, there was a brief moment of them being in a compromising position. Darius paused the conversation here to refresh their tea. After sitting for a few minutes, he prompted Jeffrey to continue.
Jeffrey explained that a photo was taken by another student of this compromising position. That student and his girlfriend were now blackmailing him. The pieces Jeffrey left out was the details on how vivid his fantasies of Aria were - as if she really was teleporting to give him a blowjob in a classroom full of students. He left out the threesome that happened that very day. He did mention the FBI agent who was asking questions about Aria.
Silence filled their small kitchen. After a while, Darius procured his phone and slid it to Jeffrey, who was silently shedding tears.
Looking at the questions, Jeffrey smiled. They were just so... Darius.
Did you actively make choices that led to your problems?
And, honestly, no. No he didn't. Things just started happening to him. Like he was the side character of someone else's story. He said as much to Darius, who nodded, and prompt Jeff to look at the second question.
Do you still love me more than anyone else?
Yes, he really, really did. Darius broke his calm smile for a genuinely warm and bright one.
If we communicate and stay calm and work through this together, will our relationship still probably work out?
This was the trickiest one. The blackmail. Jeffrey pulled out his copy of the photo, and shared it.
"So, it looks like you're kissing. You can't see the faces too clearly... or what you are doing. But given your shape, and that this is your classroom... it doesn't look good. But, you said the girl who is behind this, Lauren, she's that popular bitch who bullies everyone? Her credibility is kind of fucked. And don't you have a bunch of shit on her, too? I know the school covered up a bunch of her shit cuz her family's got money."
"Yes, but, I think there's more. Worse blackmail she has of me. She blackmailed me into, well... more blackmail material."
"You didn't consent to that."
Jeffrey's eyes widened. "No. I didn't."
After another silence, Darius spoke up again.
"Okay, I lied. I have one more question. Can I ask it?"
Jeffrey was surprised that his boyfriend could be so calm about all of this. Too calm? Or was Darius just too kind for his own good? "Of course."
"I got a job offer today. The pay is a lot better. Like, a LOT better. It's in Connecticut. I think, honestly, distance will probably help. And I want you out of that school. Whatever chemical or disease or psychological whatever caused jizzgate, it's not helping. Maybe that's even why all of this started. It's not safe for you there. I think you should leave. I guess what I'm saying is... Well, what I'm asking is... will you move with me to Connecticut? I think we have a decent shot of getting away from your shit. And I'm willing to stay with you, if you promise to open up to me about this more later, when you're ready."
Jeffrey loved this man. His worries flew out the door. Screw the FBI lady. She wasn't investigating him. Jizzgate happened, everyone was trying to sort that out. His behaviors could maybe even be explained by that. But even if it all went to hell in a hand-basket, he realized he could face it if he had this man by his side. Maybe it was running away from his problems, but maybe it was leaving his sins behind. If he had a shot of spending the rest of his life with Darius, it was a shot worth taking.
Before midnight had the chance to chime, the pair had drafted their respective resignation letters and begun making plans.
"And Jeffy? One last question. What do you think about me buying this?" Darius turned his laptop screen around to show the teacher an Amazon page. Chuckling, Jeffrey Krocker leaned over and clicked "Buy."
Order placed! Sexy Catholic Schoolboy Costume, Adult Size M.
Aria looked at her phone in shock and disbelief. Two photos stared back at her. Both starred her favorite English teacher. One featured herself. Shit. Did Lauren freaking stalk her? The caption read "I know what you've been up to."
While the first picture was taken through a window and the features were blurry, the second picture was crystal clear. Lauren was buck naked, sitting on Mr. Krocker's lap. His face looked awful, like he was disgusted and sad and angry. Lauren was licking her lip and pinching her nipple and flipping a bird at the camera. Then came the message "And I can get him up, too."
Once upon a time, Aria was a shy girl who wore a hoodie to school and tried not to get noticed. She used to back away from conflict. That same girl now clenched her phone, fuming. Lauren didn't know who she was messing with. Because frankly, Aria was pretty much a god. She could kill Lauren, just like that, and never get caught. Aria could have whatever she wanted. How dare a pathetic slut like Lauren dare to attempt to take what was hers.
Aria, who would never have hurt a fly just some months ago, contemplated murder.
Her phone dinged with a new message. This time, it was her brother. Her own brother. How dare he touch her. She didn't remember it exactly, but he had touched her. She never gave him permission to do that. She had caught him jerking off to her. What kind of brother does that. What kind of... of SICKO would do that?
And he was asking her for a RIDE? Wait, was that what he was asking for? He was clearly drunk texting her. And now she has to go to his rescue, because he decided to get plastered. Aria's rage was unparalleled to anything she had felt before. She grabbed the keys to the car and drove.
Speeding through the streets, she froze time at stoplights to get through first. She sped, rarely lifting her foot from the pedal of the car. She swerved through traffic. When blue and red lights flashed behind her, she froze time and sped through the frozen highway like the autobahn. She pulled up to a familiar bar. She had stripped in this bar once. And then a bunch of old men touched her and watched. How dare they. She parked sloppily in a handicapped space and slammed the door behind her, restarting time. She stormed around her car to head into the bar and-
HOOOOOOOOOOOONK!!
WHOOOSH.
Startled, Aria took a step back and tripped hard, colliding hard with the back of her own car. Some asshole speeding drunk out of the parking lot had nearly killed her.
Aria's knees went weak, and they gave out under her. She slid down the side of the car in a heap on the ground. She hadn't been paying attention. She started time and just stepped out into the parking lot of a shady bar. Might as well step into traffic. She didn't even look at where she was going...
Some god, huh. That... Could you imagine that just being the end, she thought? She was given these incredible powers and finally having more fun than she ever had in her life. She could do practically anything. She could control time itself. And she could just get herself killed by not paying attention.
Why? Because she was throwing a hissy fit?
How did she let this power get to her head so much?
Lauren had sent a picture of Aria fooling around with a teacher. That wouldn't have happened if Aria had paid attention. That picture shouldn't exist. Shit, Mr. Krocker was fucked if Lauren sent that to someone else. And jesus christ, had Aria really been thinking about killing someone? Like she really was actually some god? Someone entitled to everything? She has the right to violate and steal and touch and break and take, but the moment the consequences catch up to her, as soon as someone calls her out on her bullshit, she decides to murder?
Aria shook. She couldn't breath. What kind of god was that? She didn't even know how her powers worked. If they would go away one day as suddenly as they appeared. At what point did this "fun" turn into godhood?
Now that it was finally her time to have some fun, to live at the top of life, she spent her time being consumed with rage and thinking about death.
What kind of god did she think she was? What kind of person?
Her brother was drunk and needed help getting home. He was right to call her. He jerked off to her once and that was it. Was she thinking about killing him, like she was Lauren?
That... that wasn't "fun" at all.
Aria froze time. She froze d a y s .
And while the world stayed still, Aria changed.
Jackson had long forgotten about texting his sister. He was busy spilling his heart out to this man he met called Pat. Jackson thought he had problems, right? Well this guy, THIS GUY, now HE had problems. He didn't even know how the conversation started, but Jackson told Pat all about what was happening with his sister and his willy, and Pat. Pat is a GREAT fucking guy. He just listened and was all like "I get it" and even though pat was like forty-something he was like a real pal. Maybe that was his name. Pal. Anyways, Pal was like a really great fucking guy. And he was paying for drinks.
Patl was like somebody's step-dad. Pal had like this suuuuuper hot step daughter and she was like a freaking tramp, right? So Pal is really hard on her, but he loves her and tries to let her know that. So she had done some stupid shit and like, called her dad while she was having sex and Pat was like "That's hot" and so he ended up jerking his gerkin just like Jackson had did when his sister had that video on the internet.
So he and Pal, they're like Pals, you see? Cuz they both ended up in this like incesty shit and it was soo wrong and like a little hot but like they both hated how it was hot. But like, where Jackson had just done some touching and kissing and maybe a liiiiiiiiittle bit of touching, Pat had had, like, had done some shit with her.
He was all mad at Hannley - that was her name - for breaking rules and shit. He was yelling at her and then she was like "If I'm such a bad girl, why don't you spank me?" Who says shit like that. Anyways, what started out as a punishment... it escalator-ed.
He pulled her over his knee and spanked her, only to find out that she was slutting ever harder than he thought. She was wearing a skirt and no panties, so he spanked her bare ass. And it jiggled. And so he kept spanking her in a trance. And then, he noticed that his knee was wet.
He started spanking her lower, and then rubbing her after every spank. She was moaning, but the more he hit her, the sexier her moans got. She actually started asking for more. And before he realized it, Pat had this hot teenage thing bent over his lap, moaning and dripping for him, and two fingers deep inside her, drenched. And he was fingering her. And then she was cumming. His step-daughter was cumming on his lap. And he lost it.
And so Pat and Jackson found themselves as fateful drinking buddies, swapping stories and shifting in their seats to accommodate the fluctuating boners they got at recounting their memories, lost in regret, and then rehardening once more at hearing the other man's stories.
Though the hole-in-the-wall sports bar wasn't a great place to do so, they were unwittingly and quite effectively blue-balling each other and themselves. As their discomfort started to grow in ebb and flow, repeatedly, they began squirming and unconsciously looking around the place for anything to drunkenly hit-on (and in their drunken minds, get lucky with) despite the remarkably slim chances that any such opportunity was likely to present itself in a dive like this.
Aria was feeling rather jittery after her near death experience, like she had remembered her place in the world. She had come to a few realizations as she wandered around in the void. First of all, she had been making dumb and rash decisions. Secondly, there was nothing inherently wrong with dumb and rash decisions, she was able to handle and cope with most things thanks to her godly powers that allowed her to rewrite how reality looked in any given moment. But thirdly, she didn't like where she was headed. She was angry and holier-than-thou and narcissistic and reckless. Her choices had consequences, and she couldn't write off those consequences when they were made out of her strange fixations.
She could, however, write those consequences off when her poor choices were made for the sake of fun. Because here was the thing, the trick of it all. She was not normal, would never be normal, and she was set for life. She would never be out of money or a place to stay. She would never have to worry about the things most people have to worry about on a daily basis. What she had to worry about was how she was going to live now that all she had to live for was herself.
Aria was, frankly, on the path to enlightenment, not that that's how she would have seen it. But what she had done in her time-off was accept herself and her dogma. Like it was her own form of twisted Buddhism, she discovered what was important to her. Having fun, and doing things to attain that fun. Her suffering, her 'duhka' was not caused by desire, but when she allowed people and emotions to interfere with her desires and the pursuit of them. So while she wasnt abandoning her primal, sinful urges, she rather embraced them and discarded the weight of them.
That is to say, she would keep fucking around, even if it was risky and people considered it slutty. It made her happy. She would continue her stunts, even though they were dangerous and could lead to her being caught. It made her laugh. She would mitigate risks - destroy cameras and use protections, but she wouldn't stress over it. That would be counterproductive to her absolute enjoyment of life. Frankly, she chose to abandon suffering.
Through the rest of her story and the next chapters of her life, Aria will no longer suffer. She will have fun and execute sweet revenge. She would fix her problems, but she would have fun while doing it.
Finally, she was feeling celebratory. It was long overdue that she got back to fun. As she approached the bar once more she felt all these different aspects of herself and her mindsets culminate into a singular knowledge. She was going to FUCK the SHIT out of this bar and nobody was leaving at anything less than euphoric.
Aria blew through the door of the bar like TNT. And when every head in the bar turned to look to her, every man in there blew his fuse, much like the phones in their pockets and the security cameras that had just been installed in the bar after a spontaneous and raunchy incident had taken place some weeks earlier. Two of the men in the bar recognized her. The first was drunk and imagining fucking his sister. She was his sister. The other was a regular patron who had become even more of a regular patron after a girl touched his willy here in the aforementioned mysterious incident. Seeing her again, he downed the rest of his drink and smacked his lips. He knew something good was going to happen tonight.
Frank was, frankly, a rather frank individual. He liked his job, he hated his boss, loved beer, and the few special people in his life knew that this was mostly all there was to him. And, frankly, his very girthy penis which he could talk at length about (pun intended), even though it was rather short, unlike those conversations and much like his temper. So when beer and stimulation to his beer-can appendage combined when a sexy young thing walked into the bar some weeks ago, it had rocked his world. He had told everyone about it, not that anyone believed him. The only guy who had listened to the entire story was his employee Alejandro at the shoe store he managed, and frankly he only listened to Frank because he was an employee.
Had Alejandro listened more carefully, he would have been shocked and turned on to realize how similar the girl in Frank's story was to the girl he had met at work the very same day Frank got his jollies. And he would never have guessed how true Frank's prediction, which came at the end of his unbelievable story every time he told it, would turn out to be. "Frankly, Alejandro. A hot little number like that, spreading her legs at a bar like that. They'll come back for more. That's why I'm going there every night. Last time, we only got to touch her, but when she comes back, she's not going to be able to resist going further. She's going to want a taste of Big Ben here." He jostled his crotch lewdly in between scanning shoeboxes. "Hey, did I ever tell you why I call my benjamin my big ben? Cuz of Ben Franklin. Cuz Frank'll get it IN. Ha. Just a little Frank joke for ya. HAH! Little Frank, that's another name for him."
The hot little number in question had already bewitched every guy in the room by the time she had strutted to and gracefully hopped up onto the countertop, where she started doing a sexy little dance. No one moved, their eyes and attention glued to the dancer who was seductively shedding her clothes to whatever generic rock song was blaring out of the jukebox. Anyone whose eyes strayed from her for more than a second would suddenly lurch and become enamored all over again by her, as if some strange force was stroking their libido whenever they were close to approaching their senses. Not that 'Little Franklin' had a hard time staying 'Big Ben' with the way she was moving.
The crowd moved closer to her, unaware of her pull. They were just compelled to get closer to her, closer to the girl who swayed her tantalizing hips while running her fingers down her neck, then pulling down the collar of her shirt baring more of her cleavage, pulling it down so far her breasts nearly bubbled out of them, a hint of her areola peeping over the collar. She released her hold on it and the shirt rode up again, but even covered there was little left to the imagination as her nipples strained against the tight fabric. Hypnotically, her nipples danced as she continued her performance, causing the succulent hills on her chest to wobble and bounce
Aria licked her lips and worked her hand to her chest so she could pinch and roll one of her nipples through the thin fabric of her shirt. A quiet moan later, she reached down past the waistband of her skirt. She swayed while bending her knees to almost a squat and spread her legs, but kept her knees low as she spread them, keeping her most intimate place barely shielded by the loose fabric of her thigh lengths skirt. The fabric warped in front though, as to hint at what her hand was doing and where it was touching.
When her hand emerged from her waistband it was glistening in the yellowed light of the bar. She lifted her hand to her face, she smirked at the entranced crowd and spread her fingers, revealing sticky strands limply strung between her fingers. And then she stuck out her tongue and slowly sampled her own flavor in front of her dry-mouthed audience.
"Fuck I taste good, but" she said before abruptly reaching out and grabbing the nearest bystander, the bartender, by the collar and pulling him close. She hopped down off the counter and pulled him in and pressed a quick and rough kiss to his open mouth, aggressively and openly licking at his tongue. Before the hazy eyed man could process the erotic sensation, she had pantsed him in front of the bar and dropped to her knees. She then abrasively licked his erect rod with the flat of her tongue from the base to the tip, where she swirled it around the head. She caught a sudden emergence of precum by licking the hole of his urethra, and then took the bulb in her mouth to give it a warm suck. She pulled his dick out of her mouth with a wet smack and looked up at him before finishing her sentence, "needs salt."
Suddenly and inexplicably, every man in the bar was naked. She was surrounded by a variety of horny men with exposed cocks pointing at her, like the points of a compass guiding the men to their destination. She was naked, too, and unabashedly scanning the dozen or so men. Finding her target and confronted her blushing, drunk-but-quickly-sobering brother.
"Jackson, I've thought about it and I'm not mad at you anymore. So what if you want to fuck your little sister? It turns out, I want to fuck everyone. But as your punishment for taking advantage of me in the bath, and yes, I know about that, you'll help me get things started." Aria gently wrapped her hand around his throbbing member and walked over to a table in the middle of the room, pulling him along by his phallus like it was a leash. She sat on the edge of the table, put her hands on her knees and pulled them apart.
"Jackson, it's time for you to show everyone here how you took advantage of your baby sister by tonguing her wet pussy in the bath while she was drunk. And I will show everyone the face I made when I orgasmed from being eaten out by my own big brother. And savor it, because tonight is the only night you will ever get any piece of me again." Jackson only heard every few words or so as she pulled his head down to her split at the end of her announcement. He found himself at eye level with her clit, and a fresh but womanly aroma assaulted his nose. Blindly, he stuck out his tongue and began to lick.
Aria closed her eyes for a second at the warm, wet feeling, before eying her next target. "I remember you," she smiled. Frank stepped forward with a perverse grin. Ignoring it because she really couldn't care less about his personality right now, she said "let me give you a reward as a repeat customer." She began to fondle the package he proudly presented her, before she lured it into her mouth to give him a blowjob.
Her mouth occupied, she reached out her hand to stroke the man who was lucky enough to be standing just at arms' length. Two men noticed the pattern and shuffled towards her quickly. The first elbowed his way forward a little faster than the second, and won the rights to her other waiting hand.
Pulling her face away from Frank's crotch for a moment, she cast her lusty gaze at the assembly. "I want you all to use my body. I'm your toy tonight, and I want you to make me scream. Please, fuck me!"
No further prompting was needed, and when Frank pulled Aria's head back down onto his meaty cock, Aria shivered and moaned as two mouths latched onto her breasts to suckle and flick at her sensitive little buds. Meanwhile her pussy was flooded by pleasure and her own overflowing juices as her brother began to fuck her with his tongue while some other man began to fiddle with her stiff clitoris. Someone placed his cock on the smooth expanse of skin that was the left side of her belly and began to rub and hump her.
Aria was assaulted by waves of pleasure from all over her body. One man sucked at her toes and licked the dainty spaces between on one foot, while another had her other foot pressed in a gentle grasp against his hardness to masturbate against her soft sole. The man toying with her clit pinched it with a slight twist, her brother slurped at her gushing and twitching entrance. "Oh, fuuuuuck," she moaned - or something similar. She began to tremble and her first orgasm washed over her as she flooded her brother's mouth and bucked on the table as the sensation tore through her. The thick girth in her mouth made it hard for her to breath. Frank was cradling her head and gyrating his hips faster and faster until he released with a grunt. Aria instinctively sucked as he came, overstimulating him so that he pulled out of her and released the last couple of spurts into her open mouth, staining her lips.
Aria had barely licked it away and swallowed before a new cock was introduced to her thirsty lips. Lower on her body, someone released his seed onto her stomach, the thick puddle rolling into and filling her belly button. Jackson's fingers were in her, but now he pulled back and began to rub his precum dripping disk up and down her pulsating slit. He pressed it into her, his low moan matching hers as Aria's legs tried to wrap around him, though she only succeeded in squeezing his hips with her knees, as she was restrained by the men currently pleasuring and receiving pleasure from her outstretched limbs.
"Oh god. Oooohhhhhhhhh!! Mmmmph!" Jackson began to piston his hips into her, and Aria's brain fried as the phallus in her right hand began to throb and dispense hot ropes of cum over her left breast. Her hand briefly emptied, but the warmth was quickly replaced by the next horny cock that was close to bursting with arousal from the sight of this young and voluptuous sex goddess splayed out on the table, moaning and shimmering in a light sheen of sweat and the odd stain of lust left on her body like an offering.
Jackson slammed into her erratically, filling her, massaging her inner walls that massaged his dick as if to milk him of his sinful ecstacy. He had never been so aroused in his life as in a room full of people watching him with his penis lodged deep into his moaning sexy little sister who was cumming around him, splashing more of her juices onto her wet thighs, onto his balls that slapped against her wetly while he plowed her, onto the table where a puddle formed and the wood ran dark from the moisture. He had never imagine he could feel so good as this, with a tingling euphoria welling up in his lower body, fucking and being urged by voyeurs of this salacious sex to cum deep inside the wanting pussy of his sister, so that they could have their chance to rape the pleasure-addicted and undulating body that mewled under their many careful, and some less careful, ministrations.
With a powerful groan he sank into her and ejaculated rope after rope of cum from his spewing cock into her cunt, flooding the head of his orgasming cock in even more heat, prolonging the orgasm that would be unrivaled for the rest of his life. He saw white. Aria was in turn cumming around his cock suctioning him in like she needed even more of him, even deeper. And when his head cleared enough that he remembered to breathe, and he blinked his eyes clear he was already pushed aside from his unforgettable experience giving his own sister a creampie, he sat on the ground in disbelief. His cock throbbed and an urge resounded in his mind. He needed to do it again. His penis throbbed back to life and he re-entered the fray for a second round.
Two more men took their turns fucking starlight into her eyes and Aria began to wonder, in that little place of her brain that was still capable of wndering things, if she could even tell where one of her orgasms ended and the next one was forced to begin. At some point a man had climbed up onto the table to straddle her chest and sandwich his penis between her supple breasts. At this time, she had been licking two cocks at once and chanting "ohgodohgodohgod YEEEEESSSss" as a particularly long cock penetrated her in such a way that he scraped relentlessly on her g-spot. Her eyes rolled into the back of her head with that one, and she squirted and came like she was having a seizure.
At some point, a familiar familial cock was in her face and she sucked at it zealously. Aria was being fucked from behind like a spit roast, and Jackson happened to briefly make eye contact with Pat, his former drinking buddy who was now reaming his little sister in front of his very eyes. Pat nodded at Jackson, and a strange acknowledgment formed between them in that moment. Muttering under his breath, Jackson whispered "No homo" and came down Aria's throat.
Pat was in an odd position, as well, as he was frankly manipulated by Frank into lying back on the sticky table that the sex doll of a girl had been on, now holding her like a lover, and not just seeing the face of a young model-esque beauty being fucked silly, but also seeing the cum coated face of his own step-daughter, Hannah, superposed on it. And the taboo of it would have made him buck his hips up harder.
Frank had frankly noticed that Aria was moaning unintelligently while intermittently begging someone to please fucker deeper, faster, yes, or 'there'. She may have been experiencing the pleasure of her life, but she had asked, before this orgy had turned into the debauched gangbang of his wildest fantasies - and he remembered this explicitly - to be fucked until she screamed. And he knew how to up the ante. He was frankly too big, but it was too hot not to make happen. So after pulling Aria up off the table and pushing her onto the random man who happened to be in her at the time, he pushed the bartender towards Aria's bouncing ass cheeks and told him there was another hole in need of fucking. Frank sauntered over to Aria's head, where she turned to welcome him with her tongue, and enjoyed her expression as a rock hard cock, lubricated by the juices of one of her earlier orgasms, pushed into her behind.
Just like Aria had requested, as she experienced double penetration for the first time, she screamed. It wasn't painful, as she was so loosened and wet from the non-stop cumming, she was just so FULL. And all too quick, a hot load shot into her ass and it was empty.
"Please, more" she drooled. "Fuck me more. Fill me mooooore. Please fuck my ass." As is not to leave her pussy feeling lonely in it's undertakings, someone quickly filled the void. "YeeeessaaaaauuuuuAAAAAAAAGHGHGHGG!" Aria began to scream again as her orgasm transformed to something mind numbing and all encompassing. It was slutty and it tingled and it screamed inside her body, zapping her every nerve and rendering all her strength useless as she was rewired to a spasming peak. She squirted violently, , followed by gushing volcanically. Her clit and her nipples poked into the carressing finger of the men around her like steel needles that burned and zinged and pulsed. And as if her arousal were contagious, the few fucking men still standing, pleasuring her and pleasuring themselves, spurted onto her.
They took turns cumming in her, and on her, and just as her brain short circuited, a brief tenth of a second of clarity burst through the euphoria that wrapped her in it's ejaculating embrace. She froze time.
She lay there, on the floor now, wet with her own cum and the sperm of a dozen men soaking into her pale skin. She had no strength in her muscles, not even to move her head away from where Frank's girthy beer-can cock was pressed and spurting semen against her cheek. She just lay there, quivering. Her body wasn't experiencing post-orgasmic bliss. She was s t i l l c u m m i n g. "Ahah" she whimpered, as with a twitch of her lower lips, a large dollop of thick white ooze was pressed out of her convulsing tunnel, dripping down to meet the twin stream of white that ran down from her anus. She felt like her clit was buzzing.
She continued to cum like that for two would-be minutes. Suddenly, her muscles all released and she relieved herself where she lay and passed out. And the world was quiet, as if purely to let its special daughter rest.
When Aria woke up from the deepest sleep she had yet experienced, she ached all over. Groggy, she wondered what exactly had happened to her. What the fuck was this thing digging into her cheek. She turned her head and was eye to eye with a one-eyed snake. And the snake was spitting at her, but also not moving. Smiling, Aria put the tip of her tongue to the snake and dug it into the urethral hole that was frozen in time on its last spurt of an orgasm.
Aria tried to get up. But she couldn't move. Shit, had they fucked her so good that they broke her? Oh god. She felt like she had died and gone to heaven and woken up in the part of heaven that was like hell or prison for people who had been bad in heaven and punished oh so good. It took all of her strength just to roll over onto her side. She regretted it immediately, because now she could see the floor and oh dear sweet lord the floor was disgusting. She flopped back down on her back, and she winced at how there was a splat noise.
She started to giggle. It welled up in her, bubbling from her chest. It made her lungs hurt, and her muscles ached, and she felt like there were pins and needles on her erogenous zones, which was kind of nice in a "oh god what the hell is this sensation" kind of way. She looked up at the ceiling and laughed and laughed and her face was lit up by the most charming smile anyone could imagine, only it was a little bit ruined with how her face had been ruined. Her hair was a mess and caked in semen, matted into birds nests that defied gravity. Parts of her face glistened oily from the thickened liquids that rested in the groove between her nose and cheek, and in her dimple. She imagined the tiny little sperms that wriggled on her pink lips. Pink, like the hickeys that littered her body.
And she basked in her feeling of post-orgasmic glow, and loose muscles like she had gotten a Swedish massage but by the entire population of Sweden. And she got grossed out by her state all over again and that sent her into a new fit of cute and girlish giggles that was juxtaposed by the mature, xxx womanly heaping mess that lay on the floor.
Time. That was a good time. She had fun. Frankly, she would do it all over again. For some reason, the word "Frankly" made her giggle. To be frank. Lol. Imagine if a guy in this bar was named Frank. That would be wild. She snickered and chuckled, and in a most unladylike fashion, she chortled. Really, someone might think she was a girl without inhibitions by the sound of her. She was a lady at her utmost, frankly. Tee-hee.
But seriously, it was a bit of a problem that she couldn't get up. She wobbled a bit on the floor, trying to move. And she giggled. Somehow stirring up some dust in the one dry patch of floor, she sneezed.
She sneezed while she giggled. Her mind, that was both foggy but clear in her strange sexual enlightenment throbbed, just at the moment she sneezed. And she laughed. And this weird sense of release boomed in her brain in a way her brain hadn't boomed before, waking up a function that hadn't been there before. All because she had laughed, sneezed, and had a spiritual orgasm all at the exact. same. time.
Nothing happened. But that sensation in her brain. That expanding and breaking, she knew it. She had felt something not quite like it before. Aria's powers had awakened the moment, what felt like an eternity ago, nearly twenty chapters of her life ago, even, when she had coughed and sneezed all at once. That had all been about a strange inhale and exhale meeting in her brain, causing a glitch, a freeze of all processes, that had exploded, no... imploded outward from her mind.
But this was a much less physical sensation. It was... not quite healing, but it was something that stitched up wounds. Or unstitched them. Aria had the funniest feeling that maybe the world was always meant to be frozen, but that time was a wound that carved a long scar into existence. And the feeling in her brain... that was the feeling of being able to mend that wound.
And thinking of wounds made her think of the wounding of time and the winding of a clock and being winded by the exercise her body had been through. And the wounding of her tender body by those steely members that prodded and penetrated her body. And how that had been a fun time. And so she laughed again and then time unwound.
Time unwound. But time did not unwind. Time unwounded the scars that it was. Aria unwound. And was thus unwounded. This...this all made sense to Aria. It wouldn't make sense to anyone else. To anyone else, what happened wasn't even that time unwound.
What it did mean, was that while time remained frozen and the world remained still and a beer-can cock was jizzing into the nothing where it was crouched from where a nymphomaniac once lay, the time within time undid its scars. Aria felt strength return to her limbs. The many oozes and goos and filth on her evaporated into never having been. Aria was filled with energy and life. And as she clambered up from the floor, she found herself clean, as if all that had happened had never happened. Except for the fucking, of course. And she stood naked in the frozen bar and was a day younger than she had been when she had originally walked into it.
The fucking stayed, though. While the sperm that had wriggled its way into her fertile womb disappeared, it's trails remained. While the injuries were gone, the caresses were there. While the physical traces of everything were gone, undone by time being undone, the ethereal parts remained.
That is, to put things frankly, all of the bad was gone, and all of the good stayed. That's why it was like healing a scar. So Aria felt amazing. She was well-fucked and glowing in orgasmic bliss. But her body showed no signs of what happened, except for the relaxing pleasure.
She wondered if she could put this newfound skill to use. She closed her eyes and focused her mind outwards. Her goals felt like a trigger she needed to press. And in order to pull the trigger, she did what all of her adventures from the moment she had sneezed in the middle of math class had culminated to.
She smiled. And suddenly, the world rearranged itself. The men in the bar were cleaned. Their clothes in their discarded corner where Aria had carelessly tossed them as she undressed them were cleaned, even of the old stains they possessed long before their owners walked into this bar. The puddles on the ground were gone. The cameras in the building were fixed, as if Aria had never madly swung at them with a chair while balancing precariously on another chair. And of the cameras, though, a peculiar phenomenon had occurred...
And with everything fixed, and filled with an inspiring vigor, Aria left the bar, along with every trace she was ever there. She erased the scar of her time.
When the world came to, a bunch of naked men looked oddly at each other in a bar. There were men on the floor, collapsed in chairs, a few standing in a circle around an empty space on the floor. One man awoke to time while squatting on the floor, a thick cock in his hands, ejaculating the final two spurts of an orgasm, but despite jizzing... there was no jizz. And there was no cheek cushioning the throbbing tip of his Big Ben and redirecting his glorious shots. After a few seconds of exquisite blank-shooting, he stood.
The men continued to eye each other oddly in the bar. Everyone knew what had just happened. But in a moment of euphoric not-light they suddenly knew things had changed. Most apparently was that even though every man in that room had been exhausted just moments ago, they were filled with energy, like that massive fuckfest had never happened. But it was like it had happened. Every man felt satiated and content and they all knew that they had just fucked their brains out. Their balls were still empty.
Secondly, the girl they had all been so blessed to tangle themselves with was gone. The details of her face were gone, but not the impression of her beauty, or the sound of her moans, even though they could remember her voice. The men were all clean, not even remotely sweaty like they had been pistoning and groping in a musty sweaty conglomeration of sex, which they all knew they had been doing.
Someone found the pile of clothes and hollered out to the others. The men quietly dressed. A few of them whispered to each other conspiratorially, but there was so much confusion about what happened, and satisfaction, and guilt about how they didn't feel guilty about what just happened, that mostly they all just left. Two of them even remembered to pay for their drinks.
The bartender fled to the backroom. Jackson and Pat, however, sat together. They were both uncomfortably sober. And Pat had a lot of questions. And Jackson, well, he had a lot going on. He and Pat felt a little different from the rest of the men who had been in the bar. Less like they were blessed. Both of them felt satisfied, but despite that, they both felt lust like they had before the blonde had walked into the bar and changed everything. And they, unlike the rest of the bar, were not empty of semen. Rather, they were full of vigor, even more than before this all began.
Pat asked the dreaded question. "Was that your sister?"
And Jackson stayed quiet, because something inside him was still unwinding. And when it finished, he looked up and said "yes."
Jackson was still attracted to his sister. But he no longer yearned for her. His lust was just fetish and admiration. But the wounds of their twisted relationship were gone.
"And you're into that kind of thing? Well, I kind of know from our earlier conversation, but... has anything changed?"
"Yes, but... no?" Jackson was puzzled.
No one, however, was more equipped to understand what Jackson was going through than Pat. Because he had that same taboo fetish for a hot blonde teen who was related to him. And he had his own wounds unwound in a similar fashion. He was thinking about his step-daughter. He was thinking about how excited he was when he was hammering that mysterious sister of Jackson's and how it was even better surrounded by others who worshipped that glowing body.
And Pat could not help but to suggest something strange, that felt instinctively right to him. He turned to Jackson and began to say some really weird shit. But it was right. He said: "Jackson, my daughter - step-daughter - is a big slut. And frankly, she's a dumb slut. And she is hot as hell."
Jackson really didn't see where this was going, so he just nodded along.
"She is such a slut, and I already told you a bit about this before, that she has several boyfriends who she just treats like fuck buddies. And once, she called me in the middle of getting screwed. And I got so fucking horny. And angry. And jealous. And when she came home, I was ready to punish her. But it became more of a BDSM kind of punishment. Jackson, I've done things a parent should never do with their child. But at that moment she wasn't my child. She was my bitch, my hot little slut."
Both of the men were aroused again. The story continued. "Jackson, I think I'm going to keep doing those things. I'm going to fuck my daughter. But I also want what's best for her. And I'm not that. I want her to have a steady boyfriend. And I want that to be you. Jackson, I want you to fuck my daughter."
Jackson was stunned. "And Jacky boy, I'm going to fuck her too. And I want you to be her boyfriend. And mostly, she's just going to fuck you. She's going to have a relationship with you. But one guy isn't enough for a slut like her. I think between the two of us, we can manage her. And I don't know why, but I trust you. Something tells me this is what's supposed to happen."
Oddly enough, this offer sounded right to him, too. "I'd have to meet her first, before I decide."
"You saying that, that makes me feel even more like you're the guy for the job." Pat stood up from his seat and reached into his pocket, pulling out his keys. "We're going to meet her now, okay?" Jackson got up and followed him out. "Hannah is going to love you."
Jackson got one last surprise. "Hannah? Are you... wait. Sir, I think I have something to tell you. I may have fucked your daughter." As they drove down the street towards Pat's home, Jackson detailed the story of how he and Hannah had met, the kinky shit they did, and how she kept calling him Daddy when he spanked her.
Pat didn't even miss a step "Perfect. That'll make this even easier. Although," they pulled into a large driveway in the upper class suburbs. As Pat locked the car door behind him, he chuckled, "We'll have to have a talk about which one of us gets to be called Daddy."
That night, Jackson and Pat participated in their second, albeit smaller, orgy. And Daddy was right, Hannah loved it.
The bartender ran to the back room as soon as he had, to some extent, comprehended what had happened. He was so going to be fired if this was found out. And so he went to erase the camera footage. But as he pulled the files up on the Windows 7 computer in the pantry-cum-office, he saw the oddest thing. Rewinding the footage to the start of the incident, he pressed play.
The bar door swung open. Everyone in the room looks to the door, then slowly looks at the counter. As if in a trance, the men start moving toward the bar. Suddenly, the bartender was yanked forward by an invisible force and his pants fell down. Shortly after, suddenly all the men in the bar were naked. No undressing, they just blinked into their birthday suits. A young man then walks to a table in the middle of the room. He gets down on his knees and begins licking at... the table. Some of the men start wrapping around the table. Two men began suckling at the table as well, further up. The ones at the head and arms start humping the air. One man on the side humps the table, even.
He himself on the footage is standing at the left behind the young man sucking on his fingers. He clearly remembers the sensation of the girl's toes in his mouth, and smoothness of her heel in his palm. But could he really have been sucking his fingers? No, he knew what happened was real. But? The man a few feet to his right, Frank, a regular who works at a shoe store shared his foot fetish. The bartender remembered seeing Frank masturbating with the girl's foot, because he adopted the idea himself a minute later. Yes, and there it was! Except, neither of them was holding the girl's feet. They were both just standing there doing some strange, two handed masturbation.
The young man has risen and begins humping the table. Soon, the masturbating men are ejaculating onto the table. One man hops up on top of the table and straddles it, humping it where the temptresses breasts once were.
The strange ceremony of making love to and ejaculating onto the table resumes in strange fashions. And at the point the men begin making love to the floor, he periodically sees a man abandoning his invisible creampie to go stand over and ejaculate on the table. When the men tire, they go and collapse in the positions they all woke up from their delirium in. The last man to orgasm was Frank, who shoots blanks over the dry floor.
And this was the most strange part. He was able to reconcile everything in the video to a moment of the orgy he remembered. But what he did not remember was getting up from where he was slumped, wiping down the table and throwing away the filthy rag, before going back to slump at his earlier exhausted position.
All the men snap out of their trance, and one by one they leave. And he runs into the back room out of frame.
This was un-explainable. This... this was probably something to do with that Jizzgate scandal. Shit, the town's water was drugged or something. He should report this. But also...
No way in fucking hell was he letting anyone see this tape. He deleted the file. Remembering the cumrag, he went to look in the trash, thinking he should burn it. But there was no cumrag. He closed the bar early and went home.
Unfortunately, he did get fired. Money and liquor was missing, he closed early, and the camera footage was deleted. Not only was it deleted, but when the police had tech people look to recover the file, it was tracelessly gone.
Luckily, Frank heard about the situation a week later and offered him a job. And while it didn't pay as good, he got to look at a lot of women's feet. And the bartender-cum-shoe salesman was happy.
*******************************
Another note: I have pretty much figured out how to wrap everything up for everyone except for Joey and for Lindsay. And for Devon or Damien or what's-his-face. Joey's rival who is technically popular and handsome but I accidentally made him so bland and generic that neither most readers nor I seem to care about or remember him. Suggestions?