I had just lowered the blindfold over my girlfriend's eyes when I saw the glow of headlights flash briefly against the side of the house as it pulled into my driveway. The knock at the door came about a minute later as I was double checking the knots that had her secured to the bedposts causing her to jump and whisper "Who could that be?"
"Probably just some late Trick or Treaters. I'll go get rid of them." I answered, smiling down at her body. At thirty she was in great shape; probably as good as she had ever been thanks to constant trips to the gym and trying desperately to keep up with the twenty-two first grade students she taught.
Tiffany's jet black hair was pulled back tightly in a pony-tail and was resting on the pillow beside her. She was wearing just a hint of makeup but what really stood out against her pale skin was the red lipstick she had on. It drew attention to her already pouty lips and knowing what they felt like when she simply kissed me was just enough to make my dick twitch with anticipation.
She, moaned softly and turned her head to the sound of my voice, "Hurry!"
I left the room smiling and thinking that describing what was about to happen was in fact a trick and a treat; but it was one of her own doing. I walked quickly down the hallway and just as quickly down the stairs to the foyer. Opening the door I looked into a pair of stunning green eyes and a wicked little grin. She brushed past me, unbuttoning her coat as she entered. When she walked toward the stairs she casually dropped the coat on to the floor then looked back over her shoulder at me and winked.
"Nice costume little girl." I said softly.
I assumed she was going for the straight forward, simplistic approach in costume design this year. She was wearing a pair of red three inch pumps. That was the entire costume.
"I'm glad you like it." she whispered, grinning up at the look on my face. "I was going to wear something silky and sexy but then I thought why go to all that trouble?"
At 5'4" she is shorter than Tiff's 5'9" frame, but what she lacks in height, she makes up for in other areas. Her dirty blonde hair is shoulder length and her breasts are larger and fuller than Tiffany's by at least two inches and a full cup size. I completely forgot that she is a good ten years older than Tiffany the minute I got a view of her ass as she ascended the stairs. It made me wonder if I was going to be able to keep the promise I had made to her about Tiffany being the center of attention for tonight's activities.
Tiffany had mentioned, on more than one occasion, about sleeping with her female roommates in college. The fun part came when she would luridly describe every detail of the experiences she had as we made love. The last time she had done anything like that was just over a month ago when she described Halloween night, 2007. As she put it, "That night was so intense, I seriously considered dumping men for good. By the time Penny finished with me I could barely spell my own name."
Little did she know that at my office Halloween party four nights ago, my personal assistant Lori had one too many margaritas, pointed at Tiffany and slurred, "I would kill for the chance to get a woman that hot in bed for an hour or two." I smiled like the Grinch on Christmas Eve and got her another drink.
On Monday when Lori came into work she crept straight into my office, slowly closed the door and began to fall over herself attempting to apologize. Words like inappropriate, drunk, wasted, embarrassed, humiliated and so very, very sorry, flew from her mouth. She offered to resign, then she quit, then she apologized again, then she quit a second time. Once she calmed down somewhat I laughed and told her to get back to her desk.
"Lori, you've been with me five years longer than she has. I can forgive a lot, especially coming from you."
"Thank you Phil." she said, softly.
As she stood there looking down at the floor I asked her, "So, did you mean it or not?"
"What?" she gasped loudly with her cheeks flaming.
"Did you mean it?"
"Oh God!"
"Don't worry about it Lori. Hell she would most likely hurt you in bed."
"Oh really!" she exclaimed defensively, her eyes locking with mine.
"Yep. She probably has more experience with women than you do anyway."
"Don't bet on it Phil." she said, her eyes never leaving mine, except now there was a twinkle in them. Placing her hands on her hips she defiantly added, "But since you've asked. Yes, I meant it."
"Have a seat." I said, leaning back in my chair smiling.
I didn't know what this chick had done with my personal assistant, but I wasn't going to pass this opportunity up for anything.
And that brings us to where we are tonight, with Lori standing nude at the top of the stairs; me standing at the bottom still admiring her ass and my girlfriend tied to the bed in my bedroom.
"Holy shit! I had completely forgotten about Tiffany!" I thought to myself as I bound up the stairs. When I reached the top I had to stop and admire Lori's body for a second or two. I mean just the sight of her ass had caused me to forget that my girlfriend was waiting on me. How had I never noticed it in the seven years that she had worked for me? Was it professional detachment or was I just a stupid son of a bitch? I mouthed "Nice ass." and almost laughed as she gave me a quick little curtsey. Then we began to walk toward my bedroom.
I entered the bedroom and walked straight up to the bed. Lori followed but instead of approaching the bed she eased into a chair and crossing her legs, she removed her shoes; then she sat back and smiled.
"What was it?" Tiffany asked.
"It was the best costume of the night. I kinda wish you could have seen it." I responded, winking at Lori.
"It took you long enough to get rid of them."
"Sorry Love. Now, where were we?"
I ran my hand along the inside of her left thigh, pausing when I got to the top and used my pinky to lightly brush her clit. Her moan told me that she had gotten more than a little excited being left alone, even for a few minutes. When I leaned over and kissed her she moaned even louder and tried to arch her back to increase the pressure on her clit. I simply removed my hand and smiled as she groaned and dropped her hips back to the mattress.
"Tease." she said, trying to sound angry.
"No, but give me a minute and you will fully understand what that word means." I said as I gently stroked the side of her neck.
"Really?"
"Really. I've got a Halloween surprise for you Baby. So which do you want? The trick or the treat?" I whispered as Lori rose to her feet and walked slowly to the bedside.
"The treat." Tiffany moaned.
I stood up, walked to the foot of the bed and slid between her thighs. Her back arched as my tongue met the lips of her pussy and she whimpered as my hands slid up her stomach then across her ribs and breasts. I paused there, gently rolling her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers, while I began to nibble on the outer lips of her pussy.
"Ready for your treat?" I asked as Lori slowly lowered her head to Tiff's right breast.
"Yes, please." came a soft reply and a second later, she jumped when Lori's tongue flicked across her nipple.
"What the Hell Phillip! Who was that?" she squealed.
"She can leave if you want her to."
"She?"
"Yes." I whispered as I lowered my head back to her pussy and Lori lowered her head taking Tiffany's nipple into her mouth again.
"Oh God! Oh my Gaa, oh fuck!" Tiffany moaned as she arched her back, forcing my tongue deeper inside her.
Lori lay down beside her and began to tease her by alternating between slow soft suckling of Tiffany's breasts then gently kissing her on the neck and lips. I on the other hand concentrated on her pussy with my tongue and fingers. I knew she would come fast, but she surprised me with the intensity as her hips began bucking wildly screaming like a wildcat as the first wave rolled through her body.
A few minutes later as she lay there still twitching from it all she sighed and began to struggle against the restraints.
"Going somewhere?" I asked, smiling at her struggles.
"I just want to know who it is."
"Sorry Baby, that's not allowed tonight. Maybe another time." I said, repositioning myself on the other side of her body.
"Please!" she moaned again.
"Nope, you can beg all you want, but you're not seeing her."
Lori smiled at that, then mouthed the word "Asshole!" as she arched her eyebrows at me.
I reached over Tiffany's chest, took hold of Lori's hand and dragging her fingernails down Tiffany's ribs and stomach, I lowered it to Tiffany's pussy. Then as slowly and softly as I possible could, I began working Lori's fingers between the swollen lips. Tiffany's back arched further and further with each stroke and her breathing became more and more ragged. I small shudder passed through her and as it happened, I whispered into her ear.
"If you're a good girl and give us one more, I'll let her go down on you."
That was all it took for her to come again, but it was much softer than the last time.
It was then that I found out how much of a tease my assistant really is. She smiled at me, got off the bed and pantomimed drinking. I told her that there were water bottles in the fridge and as an afterthought, as she was leaving the room, I asked her to bring one back for each of us.
While she was gone, I lifted the blindfold off of Tiff's eyes and looked down at her.
"Surprised?"
"Stunned! What brought this on?" she asked, looking up at me.
"I honestly have no idea, but when the chance arose, I rose with it."
"You still have your clothes on?" she asked.
"It's part of the deal. She is here for you, not me; now lay back and enjoy it." I said, gently kissing her and replacing the blindfold.
Lori walked back in and handed me our water bottles, then grinned at me as she planted her bottle firmly on Tiff's right nipple.
Tiff squealed, then giggled, "That's cold! Stop it!"
Lori smiled and moved it to the left nipple.
Tiffany squealed again, "Stop!"
Lori winked at me then ran the bottle down Tiffany's stomach causing gales of squealing and laughter, then a sharp gasp as she ran it across Tiffany's protruding clit.
"Oh God! Stop! Please stop!" Tiff said laughing loudly, "I don't know who you are but you're a damn tease and a mean one at that!" all the while squirming to get away from the bottle.
Lori crawled to the foot of the bed and motioned for a pillow. When I handed it to her, she positioned it under Tiff's ass then she crawled between her legs and began to slowly kiss her way up and back down both legs, totaling ignoring her pussy. I got a first-hand view on how to make my girlfriend drip in anticipation as Lori worked on her. The kisses weren't just on the inside of her legs, she was massaging them as she did it. Lori covered the tops of Tiffany's thighs, the outside of her legs and her hip bones with kisses and caresses until Tiffany was actually begging to have her pussy eaten.
"Damn it Bitch! Eat me or fuck me, but stop teasing me!" she screamed at the ceiling, lifting her ass off the mattress and arching her back to the point that she looked like an archery bow.
Lori's response to that rather rude demand was to grin, then slowly work her index and middle fingers into Tiffany's pussy until her thumb was resting on her clit. Then she removed them, placed them on Tiffany's lips, and rubbed until Tiff's tongue darted out to lick them clean.
"Shhh." she whispered.
"Don't shush me! Get to work!"
"I think you need to say the magic word Tiff." I said, laughing as I watched her pull against the ropes.
"Please Baby, please make me come." she whimpered.
"God she really wants loose!" I thought to myself as I watched her straining now..
Lori smiled and lowered her head to Tiffany's pussy and the response was immediate. Tiffany sighed loudly and then slumped onto the mattress, moving her hips to Lori's bites, nibbles and licks. She tensed up when Lori began to work her fingers inside then she relaxed again as Lori slowly began to incorporate her fingers and mouth.
I curled up beside Tiff and as gently as I could I began to kiss her neck and lips. I felt a small orgasm roll through her body and then I started talking to her.
"You know you're going to have to return the favor right Baby?"
"God I hope so." came an immediate response that caused Lori to lift her free hand in the air with her thumb held up.
"I could go sit in the chair and just watch you girls play."
"Why are you still here?" Tiffany moaned, which got me another thumbs up from Lori.
"Because apparently, I'm an asshole." I replied, which got me another raised hand, this one with the middle finger extended.
All the while, Lori's mouth never left Tiffany's pussy and when I moved to climb off the bed, Lori looked up at me and winked. She spun around and planted her pussy on Tiffany's mouth so fast that I actually wondered how she did it.
After a few minutes I saw Tiffany tense up and her orgasm was just as animalistic as her first had been. Several seconds later, Lori tensed up and then collapsed against the bed, biting the pillow under Tiffany's ass to keep from screaming.
"I'm sorry Baby, that's the best I can give you. I would love to feel your body, but unfortunately, my hands are tied." Tiffany whispered as they recovered.
Lori looked over at me and mouthed "Please?" an smiling innocently at me, she flipped me off again when I shook my head and smiled at her.
They stayed in the sixty-nine position for several minutes before Lori spun around and snuggled beside Tiffany, planting soft kisses on her face, lips and neck than I could have ever accomplished as her fingertips traced patterns across her stomach.
"Phillip?" Tiffany asked.
"Yes Baby."
"Come here for a second would you?"
I stood up and walked to the bed.
"Lay down with us. Please? I'm cold."
I stretched out beside her and then I chuckled.
"What?" Tiffany asked as Lori raised an eyebrow.
"Nothing." I responded, leaning over to kiss her. I took me a moment before I realized what I was tasting on her lips. That realization caused two immediate responses, the first being to kiss her harder and slip my tongue into her mouth. The second was that the bulge in my pants became much larger.
"Nice!" I whispered as we broke apart, causing Lori's mouth to pop into an adorable O when she realized what I was talking about. I looked straight into her green eyes and winked. She blew me a kiss, then smiling she lowered her lips to Tiffany's and kissed her.
It was just after 10:00pm when Lori slipped off the bed, kissed me on the cheek, picked up her shoes and left the room. I followed her down the stairs and waited as she slipped her shoes on before I held her jacket open for her.
"Always the gentleman." she whispered with a smile as I held the door open.
"I try."
"I'll see you tomorrow." she said quietly.
"Regrets?"
"One." she responded with a cute pout on her lips.
"What?"
"The silly deal we made about you not being able to join in."
"Good night Lori." I said with a smile.
"Good night Phil."
I walked back upstairs to the bedroom and when I saw the headlights of Lori's car sweep back across the house I began to untie Tiffany. The split second her right arm was free she reached up and removed the blindfold. Blinking at the light coming from the bedside table she remained silent for a moment while I freed her left wrist.
"Who was she?"
"A friend of ours." I replied, moving to the foot of the bed to free her legs.
"A friend of ours?" she exclaimed, jerking upright.
"Yes, a friend of ours. Did you think I had paid for an escort?" I said with a chuckle as I added, "She jumped at the chance to jump on you. Actually, she was the one who suggested it."
"Who? Please Phil, I need to know." she asked me, almost pleading as she did.
"You don't need to know, you want to know. Besides, I promised her that you wouldn't find out unless she tells you."
"Did either of you take pictures?" she asked.
"Honestly, no. It never crossed my mind."
"That's a shame. I'd kill to see them." she said with a grin forming on her lips.
And with that, she slid off the bed and padded into the bathroom. While she was gone, I gathered up the ropes and put them in the closet. I was standing beside the bed when she walked up behind me, wrapped her arms around my waist and placed the side of her head against my back.
"I love you."
"I love you too." I replied.
"Just give a girl a warning before you surprise me like that again. Okay?"
"Deal." then I added, "Regrets?"
"God no! That was hot! Knowing that you were the one that set it up and were there watching it happen made it even hotter." she whispered.
As we climbed into bed, I rolled over to give her a goodnight kiss. When I started to pull away she looked at me then smiling, she tightened her grip and pulled me in closer.
"Going somewhere?" she asked huskily.
"To sleep?"
"No way Baby. Whoever she was, she was just a pleasant surprise. I still want something and you have just what I want." she said, sliding her hand down my stomach.
Tomorrow was going to be a long damn day.
***
Who knows, maybe a few of the Lori's or Tiffany's out there will ask for another chapter...
As always, I hope you liked it.
YDW