I hadn't spoken to Rachel for a while, so I was surprised to get a call from her. She explained that she'd been spending all her play time with Kristi, who was, I guess, sort of her girlfriend now. Anyway, she asked me to meet her at the library, as she and Kristi had planned out a special cam session, and thought I'd enjoy watching it.
I showed up at the library at the appointed time, and Rachel was there in the parking lot. She was wearing my damn hoodie, and wide black fishnet tights. Oh, and her stripper heels. She had her black wig and mask on, and I couldn't help but notice she was wearing the black choker necklace she knew I liked. She gave me a hug and a kiss, then took my hand and led me in. She swung her backpack from her shoulder as I opened the door, and we went to a desk. It was late, and there were only a few people there, but she made a point to get a desk where her back was going to be to them.
She sat down and pulled her laptop out of her bag, and got to work booting it up. She didn't do anything with her phone, so I assumed she wasn't using the remote controlled vibrator this time. She checked the clock, grinned at me and took a deep breath, then started tapping away on her keyboard.
I stood leaning on the wall, and Kristi suddenly appeared.
"Hi," she whispered to me. "I'm glad you could make it... she's agreed to one of my fantasies for the use of my library, and you'll be involved."
"I didn't sign up for anything," I whispered back to her.
"Don't worry," she whispered, squeezing my arm, "you'll be fine."
With that, she headed off.
I watched Rachel unzip my hoodie, and I could see she was wearing a white camisole top under it. She tapped away a bit more, then tweaked her nipples through the top, so they went hard. She obviously wasn't wearing a bra. She stood up and leaned across the desk, and I could see she was wearing a really short red and black plaid skirt, and I could see the fishnet fabric above the skirt all the way to where the camisole started... it looked like she had on a really long bodied pair of tights, or a body suit.
She looked over her shoulder to see if anybody was looking at her, then she lifted the front of the skirt, showing a really small white thong, over her fishnets, which I thought was an interesting choice.
She sat down again, and lifted her top, showing her tits under the fishnet body suit. She played with her nipples for a bit, then dropped her top and leaned forward to read the screen. She seemed to sigh a little, then pulled her top up, exposing her left tit, and pulled it towards her mouth - she couldn't get it in her mouth, but she stuck her tongue out and licked as close to her nipple as she could before letting it go again.
Back to the chat, she read for a bit, then I watched her pull an arm through the hoodie, and pull the strap off her camisole, then put her arm back in the sleeve. She did the same with the other arm, then slipped the camisole down her torso. I could see that the fishnet suit came up to just above her tits, with straps up and over her shoulders. She looked over her shoulder at the rest of the library before looking back to the screen.
She tapped away at the screen for a little while, then packed up her stuff. She stood up and did up the hoodie, then hooked her backpack over one arm. She picked the laptop up, and, holding it open against her chest, moved away from the desks and headed into the library proper.
I waited about half a minute, then followed her. She'd taken up residence in an aisle, and was getting set up. The laptop was on the floor, but looking up at her, and her backpack was next to it. She'd taken the hoodie off but was still wearing her mask, and I watched her pull the camisole back up. She put her arms through the straps, then knelt down in front of the laptop to read what she'd missed.
I stood at the end of the aisle, just out of the main corridor, and watched her. She stood up, and adjusted the angle of the screen, then twirled around so they could see all of her. She bent down for a second, then slowly walked to the end of the aisle before turning round and walking back again. The skirt was incredibly short... it barely came down to the tops of her thighs at the front, but came maybe half way down her butt at the back.
She bent over and looked at the screen again, then backed away from the laptop. She turned around, then bent over with her legs slightly apart and touched her toes. I could see the thong disappearing between her cheeks, and I could see that she had a butt plug with a jeweled end inside her.
She straightened up and walked back to the laptop. She knelt down in front of the screen, and tapped away a little, then looked up at me. She was looking straight at me, and took the camisole off over her head, putting it over by her backpack. She sat there in the body suit and the skirt. After reading the screen for a few seconds, she stood up again, and did the catwalk thing again, this time with her tits showing through the fishnet.
She knelt down again and read the screen. She was playing with her nipples, absentmindedly, as she read. She stood up again, and this time she pulled the thong down, stepping out of it. Again, she twirled around in a little circle, then bent over again to the screen. This time when she straightened up, she took the skirt off. It was just a Velcro fastener, so it made a quick, fairly loud tearing noise. The skirt joined the other clothes by her backpack.
She did the catwalk thing again, wearing just the body suit and her stripper heels. This time when she knelt down in front of the screen, she ended up moving her knees apart and tilting the screen down a little so they could see her pussy.
She tapped away on the keyboard a little, and moved around so they could see all of her. Her pussy lips were looking quite puffy and open, and her nipples were hard, so it seemed she was pretty turned on by now. She reached for her backpack, with her tits right up by the screen, and unzipped the top pocket. She put her few tiny items of clothing away, and pulled out a large red dildo.
Sitting back where they could see her, she tilted the screen up and presented the dildo. She rubbed her hands up and down it, like she was jacking it off. I could see it had a suction cup at the end. By now she was licking along its length, bottom to the tip, bottom to the tip. She leaned forward, with her tongue against the tip, and read the screen. She smiled slightly, then put the tip in her mouth, pursing her lips around it. Slowly, ever so slowly, she pushed it into her mouth, until it was about half way in. She slowly slid it out, then, with just the tip in her mouth, leaned forward and read the screen again. She held the tip in her mouth, and shuffled back slightly, away from the screen.
She took the dildo out of her mouth, and licked the suction cup at the end. She stuck it to the tile floor, and it bobbed about a little ridiculously when she let it go. She was kneeling now, and she maneuvered herself until she was above it. She reached down, guiding the head as she lowered herself down on it, making sure it cleared the strings of her body suit. She settled herself down about a third of the way onto it, and lifted herself up again until just the tip was inside her.
She lowered herself down again, this time getting about half way onto it, paused a few seconds, then lifted herself up again. The next time she got down as far as she could, her thighs down to her calves. She lifted herself up and down a couple of times, then looked at the screen again.
She smiled at them, then licked her fingers and started rubbing her clit in little circles. She started lifting herself up and down, fucking the dildo in and out of her for her viewers on her web site. She put her hands behind her and leant back, so they could see the dildo sliding in and out of her, and lifted up and down, faster and faster. After a few minutes, she suddenly stopped at the bottom of a stroke, grinding forwards and backwards. She stopped and stayed there, shivering as her orgasm rolled over her.
I suddenly noticed Kristi standing slightly behind me. I hadn't heard her arrive, but she stood, watching Rachel starting to relax after her orgasm.
"I think she's beautiful when she cums," she whispered to me. I just nodded, not wanting the break the spell.
Rachel must have heard her, as she looked up and smiled.
She lifted herself off the dildo, and pried her fingernail under the lip of the suction cup so she could pick it up. She licked it again, bottom to top, slowly turning it until it was all clean again. Holding it in her hand, she looked at the screen again. She tapped on the keyboard for a while, concentrating on the conversation. She was pausing for replies, then tapping away again. After few minutes of this, she shut the computer down, closing it and put it and the dildo in her backpack. She stood up and came to hug and kiss Kristi, then me. She was still wearing just her body suit and heels, and when she went to get the hoodie, Kristi grabbed it first. She also picked up the backpack.
"Time to pay for the use of my library, slut," she said with a smile, and waltzed away.
Rachel bit her bottom lip, and peered around the corners of the bookcases to make sure there was nobody there.
There wasn't, so she started scurrying after Kristi. I followed along, and we did this to the back of the library, where there was a door marked "Private." She went in, without knocking, and I followed her, closing the door behind me.
It was Kristi's office. Kristi sat in her chair, behind the desk. Rachel's, well, my, hoodie was over the back of the chair, and her backpack was next to the desk.
"You remember what we discussed?" Kristi asked, looking at Rachel.
Rachel nodded, biting her bottom lip nervously. She turned her back to Kristi, and put her hands behind her. Kristi opened a drawer, getting something out, then got up and came around the desk. She was carrying hand cuffs, and she put them on Rachel. She took off the mask and wig.
"Kneel," she said. Rachel knelt down.
"Go to him," she said, and Rachel shuffled on her knees until she was in front of me. She looked down at the floor.
Kristi came over to me, and said "may I?" before she started unbuttoning my jeans.
I just stood and let her. She pulled the flaps apart and pulled my underwear down over my dick. She took my dick in her hand, and smacked Rachel softly across the face with it a few times. Rachel was looking at it, and opened her mouth, sticking her tongue out and trying to catch it as it smacked her. Kristi stopped with the smacking, and wiped it across her face, then held it steady so Rachel could get her mouth on it. She left her to it and went back to the desk. Rachel slid her mouth up and down my dick, coating it in her saliva and getting me really, really hard.
Kristi came back with a ball gag.
"Get up," she said, and Rachel let go of my dick and struggled upright.
Kristi put the ball gag in Rachel's mouth, then fastened it behind her head.
"Bend over the desk," she said.
Rachel walked over to the desk, and bent over it. I heard her breathe in quickly through her nose as she put her whole front on the desk - I guessed it was probably cold.
Kristi walked over behind Rachel, and kicked her feet apart further. If she hadn't been wearing her stripper heels, she'd have been on tip toes by now. Kristi knelt down behind her, and stroked her butt through the fishnet, and smacked it a few times. Not hard enough to leave a mark, but hard enough to make a loud noise. She reached up and grabbed the material on each side, suddenly tearing it apart right at Rachel's butt and pussy.
Kristi leaned in and ran her tongue across Rachel's pussy, from her clit to the butt plug. She continued doing this as she slowly worked the plug out - I was surprised at how wide it was when it popped out and I could see it properly. Kristi stood and put the plug on her desk, in front of Rachel's face, then bent over and ran her tongue into Rachel's gaping asshole.
"Do you want to fuck her in the ass?" she asked me.
I remembered this was something she'd wanted to see, so I shuffled forward. Kristi drooled saliva into Rachel's ass, then stepped aside.
"Allow me," she said, taking my dick and guiding it towards Rachel.
I slowly slid it part way inside her, and I could feel Rachel making an effort to relax. She was shaking slightly. Kristi was next to us, and put her hand under Rachel's stomach and rubbed her clit slowly. Rachel moaned around the ball in her mouth, and I slid my dick out and back in to her, still slowly, enjoying how hot she felt against my dick.
This went on for a few minutes until I noticed that Rachel was rocking back against me. I stopped moving, and let Rachel rock back and forth, impaling herself as far as she could on every stroke. Suddenly she was cumming, shuddering under me. This, understandably, set me off, and I grabbed her hips, pulling her to me as I blasted away, emptying my balls inside her.
Kristi came over, the butt plug in hand, and as I pulled my softening dick out of Rachel, she slipped the plug back in, easily, trapping my cum inside her.
She handed me a couple of wet wipes, and helped Rachel stand up again. She took the hand cuffs off, and Rachel rubbed her wrists while Kristi undid the ball gag. Once free, she opened and closed her mouth a couple of times to exercise her jaw.
"Come on," said Kristi, "get dressed, we're going clubbing."
Rachel looked tired, and had an obvious "I've just been fucked" look to her, but Kristi apparently didn't care. She'd opened Rachel's bag, and was passing her clothing.
"I can't go out like this," she whined.
"You can, and you will," Kristi said, "you promised, and everyone's looking forward to seeing you, all freshly butt fucked. Get dressed while I go and close up."
Kristi left the room, and I dropped the soiled wipes in the trash and buttoned up my jeans.
"Are you OK?"
She nodded. "She pushes me, but I enjoy it. Usually."
I watched as Rachel pulled the thong on, back over the torn body suit. The camisole and the skirt followed, barely covering her. She was just putting on my hoodie when Kristi returned. She embraced Rachel, kissing her passionately. She suddenly remembered I was there.
"I'm afraid that as a boy, you can't join us," she said, "but I'm sure she'll come and tell you all about it some time."
We walked out through the darkened library, and split up with a hug and a kiss from Rachel in the parking lot. I got into my van and watched them get into Kristi's car as I started the engine. What a strange evening I'd had, and theirs was just beginning.