My wife Julia had bought me a new SLR digital camera for my Birthday and I was delighted with it. I had of course dropped lots of hints about exactly the make and model I wanted so I wasn't really that surprised when I tore off the birthday wrapping paper.
My old film camera was still perfectly serviceable but I was itching to try out my new camera that I had been reading about in the photo magazines.
Julia and I had been married for around 5 years and I am still madly in love with her. She has beautiful blue-green eyes that drive me to distraction. Her auburn hair hags loose over her shoulders and she has a beautiful pale skin with a body to die for.
I had never had any interest in developing my own films, the thought of groping around in the dark dipping papers in and out of trays full of chemicals had just not been my idea of fun. The result was that I was using my local photographic shop. This obviously restricted the range of photographs that I could take. I loved photographing Julia, she was a natural model and her beauty was captured superbly on film. We could never take any revealing shots because she wouldn't let me have them developed. "My body is for your eyes only" she used to say whenever I brought up the issue.
The digital camera was about to change that forever.
I told Julia that evening that I wanted to try out my gift that very evening and she readily agreed. I put up a white sheet for a backdrop behind the chair in our bedroom and got some shots of her in a light green button front summer dress that accentuated her curves to perfection. She never needed any direction for posing, turning her back to the camera and looking over her shoulder she just looked like heaven. She bent over a little and wiggled her lovely rear in my direction still staring at me with those big eyes. All the time I was shooting away and boy she was getting me hot. She turned to face me and pressed her C cup boobs together the dress just showing a nice glimpse of cleavage. She then sat on the chair and crossed her legs the dress riding up to mid thigh, my mind was running wild as she blew me a kiss. She then unfastened the top button and my tent in my pants began to become evident to her. Julia then smiled and licked her lips sensuously. I thought I would explode there and then. She undid another button and the curve of her smooth breasts was clearly exposed to my eager shutter finger. She wasn't wearing a bra! Julia stood and slowly unfastened all of the buttons on the front of her dress .The two sides of her dress now hung from her breasts which were just hidden from my eager viewfinder her left knee was raised and slightly bent so that the whole of her leg was visible. She was standing there, so sexy showing off her pale skin, and yet hiding her most erotic assets from my gaze. I was hitting the shutter button with electric speed and wondering if I would fill up the memory card on this my first shoot.
Julia then turned to face me full on and shrugged the dress from her shoulders. As it fell to the floor she held out her arms to me and As I saw her there with her very erect pink nipples and downy hair over her aroused pussy I took about 2 or 3 more shots. put down my camera and walked forward to hold her in my arms.
Julia went wild.
She tore my shirt and pants from my body and eagerly took my hard cock in her mouth. Our sex life had always been very hot but this took it to a new level altogether. I could not believe how hot we both were it was as if we hadn't had sex for months and had just been let off the leash. I must have cum about 3 times that night. I'm usually a 1 shot guy. We were both insatiable. I was sucking her nipples hard and she was screaming out harder. I really thought I would do her some real harm and I didn't want that. The fucking was incredible I was pounding in deeper than I thought possible and she was bucking trying to get me in further. When eventually we were both spent we drifted off to sleep in each others arms both very much in love.
The next night when I came home from work Julia greeted me at the door with a very deep kiss, her tongue plunging into my mouth, pressing her firm breasts into my chest. When we came up for air she said "I've turned on the computer. I want to see the photos from last night."
We spent maybe an hour looking at the photos, kissing and touching each other. They were good, very good. I could have sold them to a magazine and got a lot of money. But Julia was adamant "These are for your eyes only. My body is just for you."
I love that girl..
She pulled me to the sofa and we started another frenzy of lovemaking though with not quite as much abandon as the night before. The cooker alarm going off signalled that we had to stop for dinner. But soon continued where we left off.
Everything in our lives was perfect. We continued having our photo sessions about once a week. The sex was perfect. My job was going great, Julia was enjoying her working life too. We started talking about having kids and both of us agreed that we could just about afford the loss of income if Julia gave up work so she stopped taking the pill.. My photography was improving leaps and bounds outside of the bedroom too. We live right on the edge of town with easy access to fields and woodland so I was doing lots of nature shots,. Sunsets butterflies, wildlife, birds all that sort of stuff. Even I had to admit it was pretty good.
I won a competition in the local newspaper for a picture I got of a couple of herons in flight and that's how I happened to meet Jim.
Julia was feeling pretty rough with a bad cold on the night of the prize giving (A big zoom lens!) so she couldn't come along to see but she insisted I went alone. Jim was there as he had won the industrial category, a shot of some derelict factory with broken windows etc, not really my scene. Anyhow we got to chatting and he suggested I come along to the photo club which was held once a month in rooms above a pub on the far side of town from where we lived. I was really keen to show off the rest of my photos, not Julia's of course, and get some expert tips and advice so I spoke to Julia and she agreed that it would be good for me.
I went along to the next couple of sessions where photographers were showing off their efforts and chatting about how to get the right lighting effects and filters. All good stuff I even got to show about 20 of my nature shots which went down really well and I had some nice comments and some helpful criticisms too. It was at one of these meetings that I found out about the glamour section. About every 2 months the guys would hire the rooms above the pub and get a model in to pose for them. They said it was so much cheaper than hiring a studio and paying for a model was so expensive if you wanted to do it by yourself. I thought I would go along to pick up some ideas on improving (if they could be improved) my sessions with Julia. I talked this over with Julia and at first she wasn't too keen on me going off to photo other women but I told her that the models didn't get nude or anything just portraiture and swimsuit type shots so she eventually agreed.
The first couple of glamour sessions went really well. I was able to pick up some good tips about lighting and posing. The girls were quite pretty but didn't match up to my Julia. It was as I described just some head and shoulder work and fully clothed with the girls then getting on swimsuits.
I was showing all my photos to Julia and she was happier and our boudoir sessions were even improving from a photographic aspect anyway (I don't think the sex could possibly get any better).
A couple of days before my third glamour session I got an e-mail from Jim saying that the model had to call off sick and we would have to cancel. He was sorry but we would still have to pay for the rooms.
I was disappointed with the news and then an idea crept into my head. Julia was much better looking than the girls we had at the other two sessions and she was a natural. So why didn't I ask her? The sessions were tame. No-one there knew us as a couple. I didn't need to tell them she was my wife. I'm sure she would love it, and we could continue in a more risqué vein when we got home.
Julia wasn't sure. I showed her all the pics from my two earlier sessions again, and explained how nice the guys were and she would love it. And we could have a great session when we got back. She eventually agreed on the strict understanding that it would be only down to swimwear and that she would be completely anonymous.
I quickly e-mailed a return message to Jim. I knew a girl who would be perfect and she was available for our session. He was obviously pleased and sent an e-mail to all the members telling them the good news that our session was back on.
I couldn't wait for the evening of the club shoot. I could tell Julia was nervous and she was getting very turned on by the thought of posing for lots of guys.
Julia had a very nice bikini with triangles of red cotton and strings to hold it together. She asked if I thought it would be OK to wear for the swimsuit part and I readily agreed. She looked so hot in that bikini. I suggested that she wore the green button through dress that she had worn for our first hot digital session and she thought that would be good too.
The session was due to start at seven so we set off at six thirty for an uneventful drive across town to the pub. We went up the stairs to the rooms and I was surprised to see Jim and a couple of burly looking guys who I hadn't seen before. I introduced Julia to them saying "This is Jayne our model for the night" Julia shook their hands Jim said that these two were usual members of the glamour section but had unfortunately had to miss the last two sessions but they were very keen to meet a new model and especially one as pretty as Jayne.
The rest of the guys started to arrive and we set up the scene on the small stage with an old chaise lounge that we used for these sessions with the usual white paper backdrop. Julia was whisked off to the small cloakroom that the girls used as a changing room.
All the lighting was set when she stepped out of the cloakroom and strode to the stage. She looked fabulous wearing that slinky green button through dress. Some of the guys took a sharp intake of breath when they saw how beautiful she looked. There were a few lurid comments whispered that I caught hear of and I hoped that Julia hadn't heard them.
She stood on the stage hands on hips and gave a really sexy smile as the cameras started to click.
Julia really was a natural she gave them the over the shoulder look that had so turned me on when we had our first hot session alone. But this was different; she was now seducing the whole club. I began to feel just a little jealous and nervous. Nonsense I thought to myself just take the pictures.
She even did the bend over and wiggle of her rear that brought wolf whistles and applause from the guys. I had not heard that for any of the earlier girls.
Julia sat on the chaise lounge and crossed her long legs exposing a full length of the outside of the thighs and got more applause. My stomach started to churn, I was so nervous that my wife was showing herself to these guys and she was mine, I didn't share her with anyone.
She leant back on the seat and unfastened the top button of her dress showing her lovely cleavage. The guys were struggling among each other to get closer for some shots down her top. Julia was certainly getting into the swing. She then undid another button and everyone could see the full curve of the inside of her breasts. Her hand came up and squeezed her ample breasts together and I saw a nipple start to show the guys were cheering and shooting away with their cameras and I felt the situation was getting out of hand. I stepped up on the stage and said "Right guys it's time for Jayne to change for the swimsuit shots" I got quite a few complaints and some grim looks but I had stopped it going too far.
Julia went off with me to the cloakroom and she gave me a deep kiss "Isn't this turning you on? Think of the fun we'll have when we get home" I couldn't believe how hot she was and the thought of later that night was getting me very horny. "Just don't get too carried away just yet" was my reply.
I went back out into the room and got some decidedly grim looks from the guys who thought I was stopping their fun.
A few seconds later Julia walked out wearing her red bikini and a cheer went up. The guys were loving her. I think Julia was loving their attention too.
Those red triangles of her bikini seemed much smaller in my mind than I remembered them. Her breasts could be clearly seen with just around half an inch to spare from letting everyone see the edge of Julia's nipples. And her nipples were so aroused! They were sticking right out pushing at the fabric. Her ass was so beautiful, cheeks just made for holding and her flat stomach accentuated the bulge of her pussy, I swear I could see a little damp patch forming between her legs.
She mounted the stage and arched her back pushing her breasts forward making them look even bigger. The guys were clicking away for all they were worth and then she did it. She slipped her hands under her top and massaged her breasts right in front of all these guys. When she slipped her hands out one of the triangles of red slipped off her boob and the guys cheered like mad. She quickly pulled it back in place but the crowd was howling for more.
Julia's hand went behind her back and pulled the knot on the string
The strings fell to her side and her hands went to hold the material so it still covered her breasts. Turning her back to the crowd they could see her naked back right down to her ass. Julia looked over her shoulders with a broad smile and winked provocatively at them.
Her hands reached up to lift her hair from under the neck strap and she spun around to face them. Of course the bikini top was no longer constrained and her breasts came into full view of her audience. Her nipples were really sticking out and the photographers were loving every minute. Julia then lifted the top over her head and there was no longer any pretence of a cover up.
She threw the top to one of the guys at the front and began rubbing her breasts squeezing her nipples between her fingers in delight.
Julia lay on the chaise lounge and arched her back as her hands slid down to her bikini bottom. I then made a move for the stage thinking I'm going to stop this now, but one of the big strangers grabbed my wrist and pulled me back. "Leave her alone. She's enjoying herself he said and bundled me off to the back of the room. He pressed me into a chair and said "Now just stay there and no-on will get hurt. Understand me?" "but that's my.." I tried to exclaim before his hand pressed over my mouth. "And don't say another word"
I could see Julia on the raised stage rubbing her pussy hard through her bikini bottoms while one hand was squeezing her breast. "Pull 'em off for us darling" came a shout form the watchers. Julia smiled at them and pulled both strings at the side of her hips. Nothing left to hide her from their view she wantonly spread her legs and thrust a finger deep into her cunt.
I couldn't believe that this was my Julia. My Beautiful Julia who had told me her body was for my eyes only. She began to buck and I knew this was her first climax on it's way.
What happened next became a bit of a blur. First Jim leapt onto the stage and began squeezing her tits. Then his lips went down and he started sucking on her nipple and Julia was loving it! She was rubbing her clit even harder and working two fingers into herself. Jim was then joined by the other stranger and he began working on her other nipple. Jim's cock was then out of his pants and being thrust towards Julia's sweet red mouth. She let go of her clit and grabbed him hungrily pulling him towards her open mouth. My Julia was sucking this guy's cock! Seeing his opening the stranger then droped hid pants and positioned himself between my wife's legs. "NO! He's not going to fuck my lovely wife" was running through my head but I was still held in the chair and couldn't do a thing.
I saw Julia's eyes widen as he thrust his 8 inch cock deep into her. He didn't waste any time. He fucked her hard right before my eyes and as he came, shooting his hot sperm deep inside her Julia exploded into her second orgasm of the night.
Several other guys were now joining in taking it in turns fucking her mouth and her cunt. What's worse Julia was loving every minute. She was really going for it even pulling guys cocks from their pants as they came to her. Guys were shooting cum all over her breasts and face. The guys then all stepped back as one and started chanting "Woody, Woody, Woody" The guy who had fucked her first came over and relieved his friend from the duty of holding me down. As the big guy walked to the stage he dropped his pants and stepped out of them. My God. He was HUG. Hung like a donkey. Must have been easily a foot long and 4 inches across, not around, across. Julia looked at his monster and smiled. She held her knees as wide as she could as he forced his huge cock into her beautiful pussy. He really struggled to get it in and Julia screamed as he tore her and she started to bleed. But she wanted his cock so much she wouldn't stop. He fucked her for about ten minutes although it seemed much longer. Then his huge balls began to twitch and he spurted his seed deep inside my Julia.
The guys then started to clean themselves up while Julia lay on the chaise lounge exhausted. Gradually one by one they left until there was just me and the two big guys with Jim. Jim said "She's good. You can have your turn now. Bring her back soon" then the three of them walked out and closed the door behind them. With a tear in my eye I rushed to Julia's side. Her hair was matted with cum,. It was all over her and oozing from her damaged pussy. "I hope you got some good photos" she said as she smiled at me.