I looked up from the paperwork in front of me as my assistant, Corinne, greeted me with a cheery "good morning", reminding me of a 9 a.m. appointment I had with you.
I nodded, acknowledging her reminder, and turned back to my desk, trying to ignore the nervous butterflies in my stomach. The thought of seeing you again after so many years filled me with nervous excitement. There had always been an intense chemistry between us, but neither of us had ever been game to really act on it - or follow through. Our relationship had never progressed any further than friends, despite the few kisses occasionally stolen throughout the years.
We had lost contact a few years after graduating school, and you had reached out to me recently. Granted, I worked for a firm that was outstanding in our field - but we generally worked with a higher level of complexity than you required, lending me to the conclusion that your appointment today was not out of necessity (although we'd still get the job done), but rather a want to see me - for which I was very glad.
The ringing of my office phone startled me out of my reverie. I pressed the speaker button and heard our receptionist announce your arrival. I gulped down my nerves as I answered, "thank you" and collected your file. I paused briefly at the reception door, gathering myself to the professional demeanour I maintained for clients. I pushed the door open and I was greeted with the sight of you.
"Pete!" I smiled widely as you looked up, our eyes meeting.
"Jessica," you smirked back at me, coolly, "it's been a while".
"Too long," I responded, earnestly, subtly swaying as I moved nervously under your gaze. "Come on through" I said, turning and gesturing for you to follow me through to our boardroom.
Once inside the door, I turned around to close the door after you walked through and was met with an intense gaze. I gulped as I saw the carnal hunger in your eyes, suddenly realising that my black shirt and pencil skirt hugged my curves closer than you had ever seen before, and only emphasised my figure. You were looking at me as though you could eat me alive; I pushed the door shut behind you as you enveloped me in a tight hug.
"God, it's good to see you again," you said, as you pulled me close, my body tight against yours. Feeling my body pressed against you, I had the sudden realisation that my nerves were unjustified. The heat between us was palpable, but you weren't going to get away with teasing me without retaliation. I wondered what it was going to take to push you to the point of crossing the line of friendship, thinking that testing the boundaries might turn out to be an interesting experiment.
I grinned as I pulled back. "You too, Pete". I lowered myself to the chair at the side of the table, as you sat across from me. Your eyes were glued to my every movement, watching the creamy skin of my thighs under the black lace cut outs of my skirt as I crossed my legs.
Your eyes met mine, and I could see how hungry you were for me. I smirked at you as I pulled myself into the table. This could get interesting...and I was convinced that the best way to fuel this fire was for me to pretend there was nothing going on.
"So," I started brightly, "we're taking care of your Will today?"
You nodded at me, looking up from my chest to meet my eyes. "Yes," you answered vaguely, somewhat distracted.
"Tell me what you'd like to do with your Estate then," I asked, maintaining my professional demeanour as I listened to your instructions, taking notes while you talked. Looking up a few times as I asked questions, your eyes met mine. The dark hunger in your eyes sent a shiver through my body, feeling how badly I wanted you. Ignoring the tension, I focused on the appointment, knowing that not acknowledging the heat between us would drive you crazy.
Luckily, as I knew your family, I had anticipated your instructions and had drafted your Will based on my assumptions. As I was largely accurate, there were only minor amendments required to my drafts, and I made light conversation with you as I typed these. I looked across to you a few times, laughing and smiling as you told me what you and your family had been up to since we last talked; the job changes, the new relationships and nephews, and how well things were going for you. Regardless of all else, I was so pleased to see my school friend happy.
As I finished typing, I asked you to draw your attention to the screen. Starting to scroll through the document we had prepared, I asked to you read it through to ensure it was correct as I explained the various sections to you. As I looked over to you occasionally, each time I noticed that your attention was not on the screen as I had asked, but rather on the cheeky glimpse of my milky DD breasts that was revealed by the peep hole in my shirt.
The last time I caught you, I called you on it. "Pete," I said, stern but cheeky. "I need you to focus".
You looked up at me, meeting my eyes with a smirk. "I am focussed," you told me.
I blushed, my cheeks on fire as I averted my gaze.
"Don't be embarrassed, Jessica," you said, your eyes sliding back down to my chest, a look of mild awe on your face. "You look as spectacular as ever".
"Thanks," I answered, embarrassed. I stood, explaining that I needed to collect your documents from the printer for you to sign. I turned confidently, my heels clicking against the wooden floor, knowing that you were drinking in the sight of my curvy figure walking away, watching the sway of my hips, and the hint of flesh under the lace of my skirt. Undoubtedly, wondering at what was hidden, not knowing that the black lace briefs covering my smooth pussy had become very wet during our appointment.
I stood at the printer, regaining my composure as I collected your documents. Returning to the room, I brought Corinne in with me to assist in witnessing your signature. Corinne sat in the chair in which I had just been seated, while I rounded your side of the table and sat next to you, my chair pulled close and I explained where and how we needed you to sign. I flipped the pages and maintained a light-hearted conversation as you signed, before taking the pages to sign myself. I was in the middle of initialling the fourth page of the document when I gasped suddenly, feeling your hand on my thighs, travelling up under my skirt. Corinne looked at me with concern and I shook my head. I continued to sign the document, focussing on completing my job rather than the hand travelling further north up my skirt, edging closer to my damp panties.
Finishing signing, I turned the pages over to Corinne to sign. I dropped my right hand to my lap as we continued to talk, sliding my palm up to slightly lift the edge of my panties and pressing your hand firmly to my pussy. I saw you briefly glimpse in my direction as your fingers touched my wetness, watching the fingers of my left hand toying with the seams of the peep hole of my shirt.
Corinne announced that she had finished, explaining to you that she would copy and bind the document and return it momentarily, as she then backed out of the room. Your eyes focussed on the door being pulled shut after her, waiting for the click of the latch before you pounced on me.
As Corinne had left the room, I had stood to return to my own seat; this proved to be a big mistake, as I suddenly felt your strong presence behind me, as I was spun roughly and pinned against the wall, your lips meeting mine as your leg forced mine apart.
"This is a dangerous game you've been playing, Jessica," you growled, your lips moving to my neck as your hands roughly grasped the edge of my skirt and lifted it. I gasped, feeling your lips on me, moaning as I begged for more.
"Please, Pete," I pleaded.
Knowing that Corinne would be back any moment and we only had a matter of five minutes, my hands felt to the button of your jeans. Pressed against you, I felt your hard, thick cock through the denim, moaning into your mouth desperately as I realised just how badly I wanted to feel you inside me.
You roughly turned me to the wall, bending me over slightly as I faced toward the large window that fronted onto the main road. With one hand on my shoulder holding me in place, you slid my panties to the ground around my heels as your thick fingers found my clit. I moaned as I felt you rub me, before feeling you press into me. A primal groan escaped my lips, nothing in my head except for the carnal need to feel you inside me. As your fingers plundered my wet pussy, I pressed my ass to you, feeling your cock pressed between my cheeks. I couldn't help but imagine you bending me over and fucking me roughly, taking me right here on my boardroom table. Just the thought of this was too much for me, as I felt a desperate need to feel your cock.
I spun around, tugging at your pants and I dropped to my knees, pushing you back to sit in the chair. Fishing your hard cock out, I lowered my head to your lap, lightly teasing the tip of your cock with my tongue before taking you deep into my mouth, until you touched the back of my throat. Your hand tangled in my hair, gently guiding my head, your reaction making me moan. The vibration of my mouth around your cock only spurred you on, and you thrust your hips up, moving inside my mouth. I smirked to myself and continued to blow you, loving the feel of your thick cock sliding in and out of my mouth, loving the feel of your smooth hardness filling my mouth. I looked up at you, my eyes wide and innocent as you watch me swallow you. I lifted my mouth from you briefly as I reminded you that you only had a moment, if we weren't quick, Corinne would catch us. The reminder that we were about to be interrupted and might be caught only provoked you further, as you pressed my mouth down onto you again, taking you deep down my throat. Realising I was enjoying what I was doing, you removed your hand from my hair and watched me with wide eyes as I relished the feel of finally having you in my mouth. I moaned as your cock hit the back of my throat, my hands lightly fondling your balls. I looked up at you with big brown eyes, my words mumbled around your cock as I begged you to cum.
As there was a brief rap on the door, you pushed the chair forward, your hand firmly holding my head in place. I heard Corinne open the door as you started came with a start, your sweet cum filling my mouth as I quickly gulped it down, struggling to take it all as you filled my mouth.
"Where is Jessica?" I heard Corinne ask, as you released your hand from the back of my head.
"Down here, just grabbing my pen," I answered, wiping my lips as I crawled out from the edge of the desk.
Knowing how clumsy I was, Corrine laughed, "of course you are". Turning away from me, she handed a document to Pete across the table. "It was lovely to meet you, Pete," she said with a smile, turning to leave the room.
You stood and moved toward me, noticing my sudden shyness as I averted my gaze. "I'm glad we finally got there," you said as you cupped my chin, forcing me to meet your eyes. You lowered your lips to mine, with a soft, sweet kiss. You wrapped your arms around me in a final hug, turning to leave the room.
"Oh, but Jessica...," you started, your hand on the door knob as you gestured to the dark lace of my panties, slightly sticking out from your pocket. "If you want these back, we might need to book another time for me to come again."
I blushed deeply as you opened the door, disappearing from my office. I was left with a wet, bare pussy, and a desperate need to see you again.