Violethoisted her backpack up onto her shoulders and raised her hand to shield her eyes from the Sun. Scanning the meadow in front of her, she noted a small, grassy patch at the top of a slight hill. Perfect, she thought, gave herself a slight nod, and set off towards it.
Upon arrival, she knelt and swung her backpack down before sprawling out on her back. The Sun felt good on her skin and her eyelashes tickled her cheeks warming under the star. A breeze picked up, ruffling her blouse and lifting her skirt. She kicked off her shoes and delighted at the cool air drifting between her toes.
Glancing around, Violet figured that the nearest person was still far enough away for what she planned to do next.
She unbuttoned her blouse, fingers working swiftly to reveal an emerald lace balcony bra and matching jewel studded in her navel. As more of her smooth, soft skin was exposed, the wind seemed to respond and caress her body. Just as quickly, she unbuckled her skirt, let it drop onto the grass and stepped out of it.
Violet closed her eyes and stretched, fingers reaching, grasping at the clouds. Her tummy stretched taut and a cool tendril of air circled her waist then followed the curve of her hips down. Down her toned thighs, the inside of her thighs, coiled around her shapely calves and stroked the soles of her feet as she rose on her tiptoes. A low buzz began in the centre of her being and a drop of moisture formed, warm and sticky.
A few hours later, the wind found Violet lying on her stomach, her sketchpad and art materials scattered around her. Today, she'd experimented with charcoal. Preferring to create art with her body, the black, powdery smears covered her fingers, palms and forearms. A few smudges were left on her face from where she'd brushed her hair out of her eyes.
Once again, the air took on a playful quality. It tousled her hair and brought her the scents of various flowering plants. Lavender, Iris, Lily-of-the-Valley... And one other that she couldn't place. This scent was different. At first, it was barely noticeable. But now that it had caught her attention, Violet couldn't let it go.
She sat up, a stick of charcoal rolled from where it was dropped. The fragrance was sweet and heady with an underlying musk that caught in her throat. The low buzz kicked up a notch, progressing to a pleasurable thrumming. Violet licked her lips and swallowed, unconsciously squeezing her thighs together to produce some friction and relief. It wasn't enough. Rising unsteadily to her feet, she cast about, sniffing.
What was this scent?
She closed her eyes and relaxed her shoulders, letting her instincts take over. She turned her head to the right and caught it again, stronger.
This way.
As if under a spell, Violet followed the scent down the hill and began wading through taller grasses. She felt a tugging at her core, a summoning that could not be ignored. The plants stirred, urging her forwards. Blades of grass brushed and stroked her ankles, then her calves, the back of her knees and up her thighs. The thrumming grew stronger, more impatient, and a feathered leaf slipped over her clitoris and between her lips, igniting a lust stronger than anything she'd experienced before.
She fell to her knees panting and her pussy dripped onto the soil beneath. As though accepting her offering, the wind rustled triumphantly through the tall grasses. The scent was everywhere now, intoxicating and all-encompassing, she could think of nothing but the fire between her legs. Her skin electrified. Every brush of leaf and stem left hot trails and she lifted a finger to her nipple, beaded and hard from arousal. She pinched and moaned, rolling onto her back. Her legs fell apart and her back arched with pleasure, lips parting, pink and wet with her essence.
The grasses fed on her essence, bending to sample from the source from between her slick lips. Their stems grew thicker, their leaves larger. Some feathered, some leathery, all caressed her body as if to stimulate more production of her juices. Small vines curled around around her nipples, gently pulling as larger leaves with bulging veins rubbed across them, each bump shooting sparks straight down to her clitoris. Flowers bloomed then fell away, becoming pregnant with thick, heavy fruit. Violet ached to be filled. Gasping for breath, she felt hollow and empty and the pure, carnal need to fuck.
As if responding to her thoughts, more fruit burst from flowers. Phallic and hard with veins and ridges, they presented themselves to her. She rolled onto her hands and knees into the natural position for breeding and opened her mouth. Her tongue darted out to greet a small fruit before it pushed its way into her mouth. She instinctively began sucking.
Behind her, a thicker, larger fruit was preparing itself for entry. Its bulbous head drew across her slit, lubricating itself with her juices. A thick vine coiled around her waist, holding her in place as two smaller vines snaked around her thighs, pulling them further apart. Her heart thumped heavily and she writhed in anticipation.
The phallic fruit positioned itself against her lips and pushed. It slid past with ease but encountered resistance at the tight opening of her pussy. Violet groaned around the fruit in her mouth and pushed her hips back. She was rewarded by a long, hard thrust as the larger fruit sheathed itself inside her. The head throbbed with vitality, pushing against her womb and paused, allowing her body to adjust to the length and girth of its intrusion. It rotated slowly, its bumps and ridges scraping deliciously along her muscular walls and her eyes rolled in pleasure.
Nectar began to flow from the fruit in her mouth. Thick and sweet, she swallowed, gasped for breath, and swallowed some more. It was delicious and instantly she felt life course through her veins. Her body relaxed as the tension left her muscles and her trembling stilled. She had felt no fear to begin with, but a new certainty and sense of rightness settled her mind. Sensing this, the vine around her waist tightened, as if bracing her for the next phase of her initiation.