Chapter 2


Double Dare:SEGGSYEdition

Lizzy Rutherford | 18
Friday evening
It's almost 6:00 p.m. My parents barely left five minutes ago and my walls are already vibrating again from a different car that's pulling up to the garage--vibrating from both the engine and from the loud-ass rap music coming from its speakers. Before I even have a chance to get out of bed, a horn blares three times.
"Lizzy!" Piper screams from down below. "Get up!" When I look outside, I find her with her head out the passenger's side window. "It's party time, betch!"
"WOOOOO!" she and Whitney scream in unison as they climb out of the red Subaru Legacy. As soon as they're out, they start twerking.
Savanna just climbs out of the driver's seat shaking her head.
"You're lucky I don't have neighbors!" I shout. "Door's open! I'll be down in a sec!"
By the time I get downstairs, the girls are just walking in.
First through the door holding a box of pizza is the slender, beautiful, strawberry blonde with hazel eyes, Whitney Emmerich. "Hey girl!" she greets, looking around the house. "Where's this surprise you have for us?"
I smirk. "No surprise until we're appropriately fucked up..."
"If we have to be drunk first, it's got to be really good," Whitney says.
"If we have to be drunk first, it probably means it's something we won't like," Savanna Lockhart, the curly-haired brunette with bangs and a case of resting bitch-face mutters.
Whitney shoots her a look. "Let's be real, Sav. If Lizzy wants us to get drunk beforehand, it's because she secretly just wants to get your uptight-ass to relax since you never like anything fun."
You hit the nail on the head,I think, keeping my facial expression neutral.Because I'm sure if Savanna the prude sees a dick-shaped flower, she'll just get her panties all in a bunch and complain about how inappropriate it is or something.
Savanna glares at Whitney over her cat-eye glasses.
"No!" I say before they start to argue. "I just want us all to be turnt the fuck up because I want tonight to be the crazy, pre-college sendoff we deserve!"
"That's my girl," Piper, my raven-haired bestie, says as she finally walks in with a heavy tote bag in hand.
Savanna is dressed modestly per usual, sporting a teal shirt and high-waisted jeans. She's not even wearing makeup. Whitney has on a bit of makeup with eyeshadow that matches her pink sundress. However, Piper Cummings, the former sex goddess of Yelm High School, has her face all done up and she's dressed in a skimpy skirt with a lowcut tank top that showcases her perky C-cups. Something tells me she's expecting to see some boys tonight. Then again, I'm sure at some point she'll sneak off to see Jake Landau the way she always does when she comes over.
Piper is seduction incarnate, the girl every guy wants to be with--the exact opposite of my plain-Jane-ass. There's a reason why every boy from our high school couldn't help but cover their crotches with textbooks whenever Piper Cummings walked past them down the hall. That reason is also why Jake didn't hesitate to make a move on her in ninth grade even though I've been by his side since we were toddlers. Hell, he's known Whitney and Savanna since I introduced them to him in kindergarten and he's never once expressed interest in them either, not even after they hit puberty, and they're both prettier than most girls from Yelm.
There's a reason why Jake keeps pursuing her even thoughliterallyeveryone knows she's hoed her way through school.
"I stole a bunch of White Claws from my sister," Piper says, giving me a naughty look as she hands me the heavy tote bag.
That naughty look isn't her flirting with me. Even though she's straight, it always feels like she's flirting with us whenever she stares at us. Some girls, like Savanna, have resting bitchface. Then there are girls like me who always look bored and sort of sad. But Piper has resting fuck-me-eyes--topaz irises that always seem to pop in an almost unnatural way because of how they contrast against the dark eyeshadow she always wears. It also doesn't help that her default expression is this pouty look where her plump lips are slightly parted like a French model who's using sex to sell perfume--parted like she's just always seconds away from getting on her knees to suck dick.
Maybe that's because sheisalways seconds away from giving someone a BJ. I mean, there's a reason everyone at Yelm High called her the Cummings Dumpster, a nickname that she was proud of...
Because she pretty much blew all the hot guys from our school...
And she's been barebacked and creamed quite a few times since going on birth control...
"Good," I say, smiling at her before turning and walking the drinks to the fridge, "because we're going to need chasers for the Captain Morgan."
After White Claw number two and shot number four, I dump some ice in the cooler, put the rum and a few Claws inside, then I hand the bag off to Whitney. Now I head to the garage to grab a few battery-powered lanterns.
When I walk back into the kitchen and place a lantern into my backpack, Savanna looks at me with an arched brow. "Why the fuck are we going to need lanterns?" she asks in a bit of a slur.
"Because it's going to be dark soon, and the surprise is in the woods."
"We heading to Fiander Lake?" Whitney asks.
"Ooh, please tell me you have four hot guys waiting for us out there," Piper says, dancing to the song that's bumping on the speakers. "I'd very much like to get dicked-down tonight!"
"What else is new?" Savanna groans with a roll of her eyes.
"Nope. Andnope," I answer. "The surprise is much closer than the lake." I turn and smile naughtily at Piper. "I promise you won't be disappointed though."
On the hike over to the southwestern corner of the fence, none of us are walking in a straight line, and all of us are basically yelling and cackling like we're half a mile away from each other.
Right as we're about to hit the fence, right as that heavenly aroma excites my nostrils, Piper inhales once really hard, pauses for a moment, then sniffs again in short, rapid puffs. "Yooo!" she moans out. "What the fuck is that delicious smell?"
"Oof, fuck..." Whitney moans next. "It's heavenly."
"Seriously," Savanna says, closing her eyes and inhaling deeply.
"Smells like sugar, sex, and flowers..." Piper adds.
Giggling, I climb over the fence. It's only after the horniness makes me squeeze my thighs together that I realize how damp my panties are already. "How do you all feel?" I ask with a smirk.
Piper's chest heaves as she straddles the fence. "Horny as fuck."
"Umm... same," Whitney whispers shamefully as she climbs over the wooden rail alongside her.
Savanna nods. Right as she's about to climb the fence, she freezes. "Wait... What did you put in our drinks, Lizzy?"
I laugh. "Nothing! That smell in the air? That's what's making you feel like that."
"What?" Whitney mutters. "How?"
"Yeah. How?" Piper adds. "Like, what flower can make you wet just by smelling it?"
Whitney's head snaps toward Pipes. "Okay, so I'm not the only one who's dripping down there?"
The three of us shake our heads no with shy smiles on our faces.
"Lizzy," Whitney says, half-smiling, half-wincing, "seriously, what's going on?"
I grin naughtily. "Follow me and I'll show you..."
I lead them a few yards through the brush and, the closer we get, the loopier and more turned on I feel. The plant-induced high seems more intense than it did last time, probably because I'm drunk this time around.
As we round the massive tree blocking our view of the surprise, I hold up the lantern and gesture to the flower with a broad, sweeping pass. "Tada!" I singsong.
The moment it's illuminated, their jaws drop and their eyes go wide.
"What.The fuck. Isthat, Lizzy?" Whitney says in awe, unable to tear her wide eyes away from the sight.
"The surprise!" I cheer.
Piper approaches it slowly, reaching for it before she's even close enough to touch it. "Looks like a dildo growing out of the ground to me," she says, curling her fingers around it and caressing it lightly. "Oh my fuck..."
"What?" Whitney yelps.
"It feels like..." Piper's words trail off as she gives it a gentle squeeze. "Flesh... Waxy flesh that's... warm..." She turns to me with squinted eyes and the naughtiest of smiles.
"Yo," Whitney says, caressing it with a finger, "she's right..." She turns to me. "You're telling me that thisisn'ta dildo you stuck to a pole in the ground and glued some petals to?"
I shake my head.
A shit-eating grin stretches across Piper's face. "Is there a guy buried alive down here with his freakishly long dick sticking out of the ground, waiting for us to pleasure him?"
I crack up. "Nope!"
"So... what is it?" Savanna asks, finally poking the beige dong.
I shrug. "As far as I can tell? It's some kind of plant... Obviously, I named it the glizzy flower." I cackle.
Savanna arches her brow. "If it's a flower, how the hell does it have abodytemperature?"
I snicker. "What am I, a fucking biologist or some shit? All I know is that it jizzes some kind of delicious honey if you stroke it."
"You're shitting me," Piper says in awe, grinning at me.
"I shit you not," I respond. "Jack it off nice and slow. And keep your eye on the hole at the top."
When Savanna and Whitney remove their hands, Piper grips it and strokes it with a slow twist. "Yo! It just throbbed in my hand!"
"Holy shit, look!" Whitney chirps. "The sap or whatever is beading up on the tip like precum!"
"Mm-hm!" I hum. "It's delicious too!"
"You didnotlick sap from a freaky flower's penis growth..." Savanna says in disgust, squeezing her legs together like she's desperately trying to suppress the urge I know we're all having.
"I did. And then I blew the thing and guzzled its honey in a way that'd make Piper proud," I say, smiling at Piper just as she's licking the sap from the glizzy.
"Oh. Mmmmm!" Piper moans, wrapping her lips around the phallus's crown. In one fluid motion, she swallows the rod deeper than I ever could. Her throat makes a glurping-gawk sound as she bobs her head on it, then she pulls it out of her mouth. "That's... the best thing I've ever tasted."
"I wanna try!" Whitney cheers, turning to me. "It's not going to make me sick, is it?"
"Nope!" I say with a smile. "I've ingested copious amounts of the stuff and it just made me feel hornier and sort of drunk."
"Look how much is coming out now," Piper says, still stroking the glizzy that's getting nice and lubed up.
Whitney sucks the head of the phallus like a lollipop then slurps up the syrup. "Mmm... Mmm! Fuck, that's delicious! Sav, try it."
"I don't know..." Savanna says, folding her arms and looking away shyly.
"You prude!" Whitney teases. "See,thisis why Lizzy wanted to get you drunk. Because you're no fun till you're shitfaced."
The schlicking, sticky sound of Piper jerking off the drenched glizzy fills the silence. "Fuck... it's getting so nice and slippery..." she moans... "Listen, I'm going to say what we're probably all thinking..." She glances over at us. "This fragrance or pheromones or whatever has got me horny as fuck--hornier than I've ever been in my life, and it's unbearable, so I really wanna fuck this glizzy flower so I can get off..."
Whitney winces. "Umm... same!" She giggles, slapping her palm onto her mouth like she didn't mean to say it out loud.
I smirk. "Then do it... I fucking double dare you..."
Piper smiles knowingly at me. "Wait a sec... this was your plan all along... You wanted to get us drunk before getting us to play a game of double dare sexy edition with this intoxicating-ass glizzy flower..."
She's referring to when we used to get hammered and dare each other to do naughty, borderline-lesbian things in front of and with each other. Sexy double dare, as we called it, included challenges like: humping pillows, scissoring each other with pants on, pressing our crotches against Piper's parent's hot tub jets, and sitting on individual back massagers together to see who'd climax first. Of course, Savanna would refuse to take part in anything until we got her hammered, hence the reason I made her drink so much before we left.
"You figured it out, Sherlock!" I say, winking at her.
"Just because we can ingest the sap, that doesn't mean it's safe for our kitty meow-meows..." Whitney says, squeezing her thighs together and bouncing subtly like she has to pee.
"Don't worry, it's safe," I say.
"How do you know?" Whitney asks.
"Trust me...It's safe..." I say more seriously.
Their eyes go wide.
"You didn't..." Piper says, grinning and blushing.
I simply stare at her.
"Youdidn't..." Whitney echoes.
"I did!" I finally say. "I don't know if it was the fragrance or the sap that it spurted into me, but riding this thing gave me the best orgasm of my life!"
Piper's jaw goes slack. "You're not lying, are you?"
Blushing, I shake my head.
"When did you...do it?" Whitney asks.
"This past Wednesday..." I mutter.
"Fine. Then you go first, Lizzy," Whitney says.
"Nuh-uh, I dared you two first!" I retort.
Piper holds up a hand. "Hold on, as badly as I'm aching to go first, I feel like if we're going to all fuck a glizzy flower in front of each other, we should ease into it. You know, like foreplay..." She slips her fingers into the hem of her skirt. "I'm going to go on ahead and strip, so I dare all of you bitches to strip down to your undies with me." She tugs her skirt down as she shimmies out of it.
"Sure," I say, pulling my top off the same time Piper does. Normally, I'm hesitant to strip or even wear a bikini around my friends, because I'm self-conscious.
"Well, I picked a bad day to go commando..." Whitney says, pulling off her sundress.
"I can't believe this is happening," Savanna says, subtly glancing over at Whitney's bald pussy.
I follow her gaze, unable to look away from the glistening wetness between her folds and on her thighs. My gaze snaps over to Piper next. She's almost as skinny as me, but she somehow has a dump truck ass, her tits are nearly twice as big, and her ribs aren't protruding through her skin like mine are. She, like the rest of our tight-knit squad, looks like a woman while I look like a borderline anorexic teen, despite eating like crazy. Not to mention that my tits are barely A-cups, and my ass isn't much to gander at.
IwishI had Piper's body. I've been told I'm cute, but I wish people called me beautiful and sexy like they always say to her. Hell, I'm even jealous of her eyes even though people have been complimenting my steely blue irises since I was young. My grayish-blues were my favorite feature until that day in ninth grade when we were standing side-by-side and Jake Landau looked past me and told Piper how much he loved her eyes...
My gaze wanders over to Piper's crotch where her panties are so soaked that I can see the outline of her meaty folds through the fabric.
Piper scoffs. "You act like we haven't all changed in front of each other before... Just strip, Sav. Strip then blow the damn flower."
"I don't know..." Savanna says, looking away shyly. I don't know what she's so ashamed of, she's a former lacrosse player so she's the most fit of the group, she has the best ass out of all of us, and her boobs are not too big or too small--perfectly perky.
"Take two shots then fucking woman-up and do it!" Piper snaps. "Come on... We're all going to different colleges in a few weeks. When are we going to have another chance to share a wild-ass experience like this?"
"Fine..." Savanna says, pulling off her top. "But I need to drink more before I take my panties off or do anything else..."
"I'll get the rum!" Whitney says, opening the cooler and rummaging around for it. "Here."
Savanna grabs the Captain Morgan, brings it to her lips, then turns the bottle up and takes two big gulps. After that, she wriggles out of her jeans, removes her top, then kneels before the glizzy flower.
"Suck! Suck! Suck!" Piper chants.
Whitney and I join in on the chant.
Savanna wraps her lips around the tip and sucks on it like a lollipop while stroking it gently. "Mmm..." she moans softly. "Mmm..." She slurps hard then takes it a bit deeper. Our prude friend goes at it like a pro for a few minutes before pulling the skinny dong out of her mouth and gulping hard. "That was a lot of sap..." She starts panting for air. "Whitney, I double dare you to go next.
"The things I resort to when Luke is on vacation," Whitney mutters, kneeling before the glistening phallus. Luke McCarthy has been her on-again, off-again boyfriend since freshman year. A few months before graduation, right after learning they both got into the University of Washington, they decided to get back together despite having just broken up after prom. "This isn't cheating, right?" She genuinely looks concerned.
"Noooo," Piper says, waving her off. "Doesn't count if it's a naturally grown dildo!"
"Good," Whitney says, engulfing the phallus's knob.
She gives the glizzy flower a BJ with a bit more skill than Savanna. And, at one point, she takes it too far back and gags so hard that thick amber sap gushes out of her mouth while her lips are still wrapped around the shaft.
"Rookie, bitch!" Piper teases.
Whitney gasps for air as she pulls the phallus out of her mouth. "Then show me how it's done, gawk-gawk queen..."
"I dare Lizzy to go next before I slobber all over it," Piper says with a devilish smile.
Just like I did the other day, I bob my head up and down the glizzy, stopping right before it hits the back of my throat. Globs and globs of warm sap spurt into my mouth at a quicker pace the longer I suck. There's so much flooding my mouth that it's getting harder and harder to swallow it all. I have to let the stuff run down around the shaft to keep from choking and drowning.
"Mmm," I moan, pulling the throbbing carrot-thick plant dick from my mouth. "You're up, Pipes!"
"Yeah..." Piper says, standing up. "I already sucked that thing off, and I'm too fucking horny to do it again, so I'm going to go on ahead and execute Lizzy's first dare. And, since I'm taking my panties off, I dare the rest of you to too."
I'm too high on this flower's sexy-time fumes and too drunk to care, so I pull down my undies without hesitation.
Whitney looks over at me as she tugs hers down. "Holy shit, you are, like, wet-wet..." she says, staring at the glistening strings stretching out between my panties and my coochie.
"So are you, girl!" I say with a shy smile.
When I look up, Piper is standing over the glizzy and reaching down to hold it in place.
"Wait," I blurt out, hurrying over to my backpack. "I stole some condoms from my brother's room."
Piper scowls at me. "I've been tested, Lizzy... I'm clean."
"Yeah, I know. But... we should all be safe just in case."
"But I want it to pump my kitty full of sap while I ride it!" Piper whines in a childish tone.
"Then bite a hole in the tip," I say, handing her a condom.
"Fine," she says, snatching it from me. "But I need to lube up first." She strokes the shaft from the skirt of petals to its head, then she takes the palm-full of sap and rubs it across her folds before fingering it into her. "Ooh fuck yeah..."
"Is this weird for anyone else to watch?" Whitney asks.
I nod.
"Oh, come on, Whit," Piper says. "Don't act like your bisexual-ass isn't enjoying seeing your friends naked and touching themselves."
"No comment..." Whitney replies.
Piper rips open the condom and, after struggling to roll it down onto the slimy shaft, she bites a hole in the rubber's tip. After that, she squats over it, reaches down to hold it in place, and then she slowly impales herself with it. "Ahhh!" she moans. "Yes!" She rises off it then drops back down onto it with more speed than last time. "Can someone hold the stalk for me? I don't want to fucking break it." Her words come out all breathy.
"I mean, the stalk is pretty sturdy, but sure," I say, kneeling before her and wrapping my fingers around the firm, sturdy stalk.
As warm sap drizzles onto my hand, my eyes wander up from the stalk to my best friend's pussy that's right in my face, and I just stare in awe at the naturally grown plant glizzy sliding in and out of her.I'm so drunk and loopy from this pheromone stuff that I don't even care that I'm basically watching my bestie fuck a dildo...
"Ugh-ah. Ah-ah," she moans. "Fuck... having warm honey gushing into me feels so fucking good... It's like constantly being cummed in..."
Hearing her moan, listening to theschlick-schlickof this thing pumping in and out of her, it drives me wild, so wild that my pussy throbs and aches with desperate need. It's taking everything I've got not to reach between my legs and rub my clit.
If I didn't think it'd be weird, I'd totally do it,I think, looking over at the spectators. My mouth gapes slightly when I see Whitney pumping her middle finger in and out of her while tending to her clit with her thumb.Clearly, Whitney doesn't think it's weird to pleasure herself to her friend getting off.
When I glance at Savanna, she's looking off into the woods, subtly bouncing and fidgeting in place. She, like me, is probably so unbearably horny that she can't keep still because she needs to be penetrated immediately.
The longer Piper bounces on the dick-plant, the more sap gushes out around the shaft and drizzles down on my hand, coating it in a glaze. The longer she goes at it, the harder and faster the firm stalk throbs in my hands as it pumps sap up into her from whatever part of it is underground. All I can imagine is some sort of sap-filled taproot pulsating beneath the soil.
"Why does it feel like its swelling inside of me?" Piper asks breathily. "Does it look girthier to you?" She slowly rises off of it until the head is wedged in her opening.
"Oh, it's definitely swelling," I whisper. "It does that after a while. If you keep going, it'll start throbbing really hard."
She drops back down and impales herself with it while writhing her hips. "Oh yeah... It feels like a heart-shaped like a dildo is beating in my snatch," she moans, reaching down to rub her clit.
As I'm watching her pussy swallow the phallus as far as it'll go for the umpteenth time, Piper's leg tremble. "Oh..." she groans in pleasure as her core spams. "AH-OOH!" she cries out, her body convulsing like she's having a seizure. Suddenly, she springs up out of her squat until the girthy, throbbing thing leaves her with a sticky,BLAPsound. Just like I did a few days ago, she falls onto her ass and lays on her back, her limbs a limp mess, her still contracting vagina gushing sap with each throb. "Fuck yeah!" She pants for a while. "You were right, Lizzy..." She pauses to breathe again. "That was the most intense orgasm of my life..."
"Told ya!" I say. "You feel all weird and sedated?"
"Oh yeah..." she whispers. "I was just about to say something about that... Feels like I smoked weed and took Nyquil... And my body feels all flushed and tingly."
"If it felt so good, why'd you stop?" Whitney asked.
"The orgasm was so intense that my pussy, like, cramped, and then my legs got too wobbly to keep going..." Her head lolls over towards me. "Probably for the best though, I can tell by the look on Lizzy's face that she was aching for her turn."
Giggling, I nod rapidly. "I think Whitney really needs to go next. She was over there diddling away the entire time."
"Hush up," Whitney says, smirking.
"You know the rules," Piper says. "The person dared last dishes out the next one. And since you were a sweetheart who held the stalk for me, I dare you to get your fuck on next so you don't have to wait anymore..." She touches her finger to her lips. "Actually, wait. I dare Sav to go next. And I dare her to dare Lizzy to go afterwards."
Savanna shakes her head. "I amnotfucking this random plant thing..."
Piper sighs. "Fine, then Iat leastdare you to scoop the sap off the glizzy and finger it into yourself. It makes you, like, two times hornier, so maybe it'll put you in the mood for later."
Savanna looks at the glizzy flower. "Fine, but I'mnotdoing it in front of you all."
Piper claps. "That's the spirit!"
After peeling off the used condom, Savanna jerks off the phallus until sap gushes from its tip and drizzles into her hand. She then walks a few feet away, turns her back to us, reaches into her panties, and starts fingering herself. Even though she's not right next to us, I can still hear the sticky schlicking going on. It doesn't take long for her to start panting and moaning. "Oh... fuuuuuuuh-uh-k."
"Wooo!" we all cheer, clapping like we're at a concert.
A minute or so later, Savanna's legs begin trembling and she stifles her moans. "Okay..." she says breathily, turning to us looking all flushed as glistening sap strings drip slowly from her vadge. "Lizzy, I dare you to do what Piper said.Get your fuck on..."
A preview of what's to come next week (4/15) (Be Advised, things get naughtier & more horrific):
Chapter 2: Creampied by a Fuggin Plant! -- Lizzy bounces on the phallic flower while her friends watch. Unlike the first time she rode the glizzy flower, she fucks it for even longer only to unexpectedly get a voluminous, creamy surprise that shocks her and her friends...