Author's Note: The characters in this story, "Joy" and "I", were previously introduced in "Finally, My First Time", in which "I" gave his virginity to "Joy". It is intended to be the first in a series of stories about the evolution of their relationship as they explore their sexuality together. While it isn't necessary to read "Finally, My First Time" to enjoy this story the historical background will provide the reader with additional context that may add to their reading pleasure.
All characters are fictional; any resemblance to real persons is coincidental; the events depicted are the product of my very fertile imagination. All characters are 18 years of age or older at the time of any sexual activity.
*****
As my 26th birthday approached my worries that I would reach that milestone still a virgin had been resolved a month earlier after the company Christmas party. Twenty year old Joy and I had become a couple, and were enjoying a relatively active sex life despite the inconvenience of both living in the homes of our respective families. It had been a while since we had managed to get together, and we both were wondering when we would get another opportunity to enjoy each other intimately.
My birthday started off innocently enough. I picked my beautiful blond girlfriend up after work and she took me to dinner at our favorite neighborhood diner. I was hoping that Joy's father would be spending the night at the home of his girlfriend, leaving her house empty for us to celebrate my birthday in her bed. While we ate Joy gave me the bad news that he was staying home, dashing my hopes for the evening.
While we were eating Joy asked if I would mind if we stopped by her coworker Melanie's apartment afterward, saying she needed to pick up an outfit that her coworker had offered her. I reminded her that the next day we had to work, so we wouldn't be able to stay very long, and she said that was not a problem.
We pulled up to Melanie and her husband Pete's apartment and rang the bell. When no one answered I asked Joy if she was sure they were expecting us and she assured me they were. We rang the bell again, and this time the door opened and Melanie invited us in. We walked in to the dimly lit living room, and all of a sudden people jumped out from everywhere, yelling "Surprise" and "Happy Birthday". The room was filled with my gang of friends from the stadium. Joy had managed to pull off a birthday surprise!
Melanie gave me a big birthday hug and kiss and introduced me to her husband, who I was meeting for the first time. She pulled me over to the dining table, where she had created a special birthday cake for me. On the table was a humungous Penthouse centerfold that was almost life size, spread out as a tablecloth. However, atop where the centerfold's breasts were pictured were two hemispherical, flesh colored cakes which were anatomically correct, including pink nipples and aureoles shaped from frosting, a candle sticking proudly out of each.
Melanie lit the candles, and I made a wish and blew the candles out while everyone sang "Happy Birthday". Melanie told everyone that one boob was chocolate cake and the other was vanilla, and took orders from everyone. We all enjoyed our cake and ice cream and visited for a while. Soon everyone needed to leave since the next day was a work day, so they wished me a happy birthday again and left, leaving us alone with Melanie and Pete.
We continued our visit for a while, forgetting the time. When we realized how late it was Melanie suggested that we spend the night in their guest room. We all agreed that was a good idea.
Since it was our first overnight stay she showed Joy and I the small room and apologized for the twin bed against the wall, but Joy and I both agreed that we would be fine; we had learned quickly that we liked to sleep cuddled tightly together. We said our good nights, and closed the door behind us, looking forward to climbing into the little bed together. I decided I would sleep in my underwear, and Joy decided to take off her bra and sleep in the T- shirt she was wearing and her panties.
I climbed into the bed first, and moved all the way across, my back against the wall. Joy slid up against me spoon fashion and we covered up. I wrapped both my arms around Joy, cuddling her tightly to me as we snuggled. She wriggled her nether cheeks against my crotch, settling in, and I could feel blood begin to stir in my groin.
I slid one hand onto Joy's breast and covered the rising nipple with my palm, squeezing it gently in my grasp, and then began rubbing my hand firmly across the yielding mound of flesh. Joy responded with a gasp, enticing me to continue the rhythmic squeezing and stroking I had begun.
Encouraged, I reached down with my other hand, sliding my palm across her furry mound atop her panties. She pushed herself back into my crotch harder, beginning to breathe deeply. I pushed back, my organ resting in the warm valley between her soft butt cheeks as I felt her chest expand with her deepening breaths.
I began kissing her neck where it rested on the pillow next to my lips, and she began to moan softly. Taking it to the next level, I released her breast from my grasp and slipped my hand beneath the hem of her shirt and back onto her bare breast, rubbing the smooth skin and squeezing it tightly as I pulled and rolled her erect nipple between my fingertips. Not wanting her other breast to be neglected I moved my hand to it and rubbed and squeezed it. She covered my hand with hers and held it tightly against her as she pushed her chest against my hand, purring softly.
Waves of heat radiated from her groin as I slid my fingers across the soft material of her panties, my fingers probing the valley formed by her labia, feeling the heat beneath and the moistness of her arousal spreading through the material under my fingers.
Lifting my hand off of her panties I slipped my fingertips beneath the waistband, running them through the neatly trimmed triangle of soft light brown fur atop her mound and into the slippery valley below. As my middle finger reached her puffy opening I plunged it inside, hearing a whimper in response. I stroked my middle finger in and out rhythmically, feeling her torso begin to rock back and forth in response. My palm rubbed firmly against the engorged nub of her clitoris as my fingertip slid in and out of her love tunnel, generating a series of moans and gasps from her lips.
Seeking more stimulation for myself, I released her breast from my grasp and reached behind her to my underpants. Taking ahold of the waistband I wrangled them off my torso and down my legs one handed, and kicked them off my feet to free my now rock hard erection. I pushed it into the gap between Joy's thighs and began thrusting it back and forth atop the strip of material between her legs.
Not satisfied with that, I grasped the waistband of Joy's panties in both hands and wriggled them off her torso and down her legs until she could kick them free of her feet. My rod began rubbing directly up and down the valley formed by her labia, triggering a flood of her slippery secretions to flow from deep within her and coat my thick, hard shaft as it thrust back and forth across her swollen pink nub.
Our aroused bodies cried out, demanding more. I pushed off the covers and wriggled out from against the wall, rolling Joy onto her back as I made room for her to stretch herself out. I crawled between her open legs and rose upright on my knees. Grasping the hem of my undershirt I lifted it over my head, tossing it away, then reached down and pulled Joy's shirt from her body, leaving us both naked in the dim illumination filtering through the window from the outside.
As I knelt above her I paused to admire her naked beauty, slowly gazing from her short ash blond hair to her piercing blue eyes then to her inviting lips. Continuing, I savored her perfect champagne glass shaped 34 B breasts rising atop her slim chest, their erect pink nipples at their tips.
My thick, hard six and one half inch shaft stretched skyward proudly, jumping in concert with my rapidly beating heart as I studied the glistening pink slit peeking through the neatly groomed triangle of curls lightly covering her puffy mound. Joy whimpered softly and quietly uttered a single word "Now"...
I lifted her knees off the sheet and stretched them apart with my hands, spreading her thighs to either side, revealing the puffy pink entrance to her love tunnel, wide open and ready to be filled.
Gripping my throbbing shaft in my hand I stroked it up and down between her labia, coating my swollen head and hard shaft until it was dripping with her slick secretions and plunged deep into the hot, wet tunnel that was waiting for me. Slowly at first I began stroking in and out, until I was slipping smoothly in and out of her tightly gripping tunnel walls, bottoming out with each stroke. Soon I began to thrust faster and faster into her as she cried out for more. I slammed into her harder and harder while she cried out "Fasterrr... Uhhh... Harderrr... Oooohhh... Don't stop... Moooorrre!"
As I pounded her pussy, her knee that was closest to the wall began tapping against it sharply with each thrust. I became embarrassed and at the same time excited that Melanie and Pete were able to hear the sounds of our lovemaking on the other side of the wall between the bedrooms. I slowed the intensity of my thrusting and tried to move her body further away from the wall to stop the banging, but our enflamed passions demanded more.
Soon I was slamming into her again as hard as before, and her knee was knocking firmly against the wall with each stroke, sounding like a big bass drum. Meanwhile, Joy kept crying out loudly "More... More... Harder... Faster... Harder... Harder... Faster... Oooh... Ooohh... Oooohhhh... Yessss... Yessss... Yeeessssss!!" in rhythm with the banging of her knee against the wall as I rammed my organ deep inside her.
We began to hear rhythmic chants of "More... More... More!" and loud bangs coming from the other side of the wall and realized that we had a cheering section. The knowledge that our friends were hearing the sounds of our lovemaking added a whole new level of excitement to the experience as we realized that our hosts were enjoying our performance and urging us on to greater heights. I decided that it was too late to worry about disturbing them any more, so I ignored the banging noises and concentrated on our mutual stimulation, thrusting into Joy with everything I had.
As my thrusts grew in speed and intensity I began grunting loudly each time our bodies collided, the sound of my thighs slapping sharply against Joy's buns echoing through the air. She let loose high pitched squeals between her loud vocal demands for more as she jerked her hips up to meet mine. I felt my muscles tighten and a massive explosion building in my groin. Finally, as I slammed deep into Joy's pussy I felt explosive contractions begin to erupt from my groin, one after another, race up my rock hard shaft and blast from the tip, flooding Joy's insides with a torrent of my milky secretions as a guttural groan escaped from deep within my body. Joy responded with a long, high pitched shriek of her own as the walls of her love tunnel rippled uncontrollably, squeezing tightly around my thick shaft. She bucked wildly, arching her back from the mattress with her own release, her knee rapping spasmodically against the wall as her climax seemed to go on forever.
Drained of every ounce of energy we possessed we collapsed together into a sweaty, exhausted heap, hearts pounding, chests heaving uncontrollably, gasping for breath, unable to speak coherently. Suddenly we heard the wall being pounded on loudly from the other side, accompanied by loud cheers and shouts of "Way to go!" and "Happy Birthday, Dude!" from Melanie and Pete.
When we were finally able to catch our breaths we self-consciously yelled "Thank you... Thank you..." until the cheering and banging stopped. As we began to clean ourselves up and sort out the bed linens we tried to settle back down into our little love nest in order to get some sleep. We wondered how we would ever be able to face our host and hostess in the morning after the performance we had just put on for them.
As I began to pull myself back together I realized that the birthday wish that I made when I blew out the candles on my special birthday cake had been granted. Joy had given me the one thing I so desperately wanted... her hot little pussy... for my birthday!