I almost laughed as I sat on the couch watching Maggie twirling her black lace panties around on her finger. Not that her little striptease was humorous in anyway, it was the fact that she was tossing her panties to me while her husband, Jay, sat and watched from the other end of the couch.
The evening started out pretty normal. I'd been friends with Maggie from our high school days. While I was always more than willing to take our relationship further than "just friends" she never let it go any further than flirting.
That is why I was surprised when she called me up and made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
"Still want to fuck me?" she asked the moment I answered the phone.
"Every moment of every day," I answered, playing along.
"Be at our house tonight at 7:00," she said sounding scary serious as she hung up.
A big part of me wanted to believe she wasn't kidding. The lucid part of my brain reminded me that she was one of my oldest friends, prone to flirting and above all, she was happily married. Of course that didn't stop my cock from staying half hard every time I let my fantasies run wild.
Thoughts of banging Maggie quickly faded from my mind when Jay answered the door. Slightly disappointed, I said hello and accepted his offer of a beer. We hung out on their backyard patio, catching up on each other's lives while Jay grilled steaks on his brand new barbeque.
Neither Maggie's demeanor nor the way she was dressed, jeans and a tank top gave me any indication that my night had a snowballs chance in hell of turning lucky.
"So you still want to fuck me?" Maggie asked as the three of us sipped our after dinner coffee in the living room.
"I think Jay might have a problem with that," I said with a nervous laugh.
My mouth went dry and my cock got hard when she replied.
"It was his idea."
"Oh do tell," I told them.
"One of my biggest fantasies has always been to watch Maggie with another guy," Jay confessed, somewhat sheepishly. "Watching her and telling her what to do....The idea really gets me going."
"When he told me about it, you were my first choice," Maggie added.
"Why is that?" I asked.
"The idea of going to a bar and picking up some random guy didn't do much to me," Maggie said. "And quite honestly, I knew that you would jump at the chance to finally get in my pants, Jay or no Jay."
"So what do you say?" Jay asked.
"I guess I'd be stupid to say no."
"Great!" Maggie exclaimed.
"Take off your shorts," Jay told her, taking control of the situation.
Her eyes locked with mine as she slowly untied the drawstring on her pink and black board shorts. My cock became painfully hard as she rocked her hips from side to side; sliding the shorts down her legs exposing a skimpy pair of black lace panties.
"Now your panties," Jay said as his hand rubbed his own hard cock.
With a smile, she pulled them off, twirled them around her finger and threw tossed them, hitting me in the face.
"Are they wet?" Jay asked.
I nodded, now holding them in my hand. Not able to speak or pull my eyes away from Maggie. Her legs, I'd already known from seeing her in bathing suits and shorts were incredible. Her pussy looked so smooth it had to have been waxed, with a small landing strip that ended just above her now glistening slit.
"Shall I keep going?" she asked Jay, teasing us by raising and lowering the hem of her tank top.
"You want to let Cam see your tits?"
She answered by simply pulling the black tank top over her head. Her tits were perfect, smallish with big rock hard nipples. She seductively ran her hands over them, pinching her nipples as her fingers passed them.
"Take out your cock," Jay told me.
I quickly complied, unzipping my jeans and fishing my cock out.
"Touch it."
I reached down and lightly ran my hand over my rock hard erection.
"I was talking to Maggie," Jay laughed.
She quickly knelt down between my legs. I removed my hand, leaned back and let her take over. Maggie first reached up and eased my pants past my hips and down my legs. Once she hand me nude from the waist down, she ran her finger nails across my balls, making both my cock throb and me moan. She then ran her nails from just underneath the head down. It felt fantastic.
"Stroke him."
Maggie wrapped her soft hand around my shaft and slowly moved it up and down. She quickly stopped and looked up at me.
"I've got an idea," she smiled as she reached for her discarded panties. After finding them she wrapped them around my cock and resumed stroking my cock.
"Remember when we were kids and you would come over?" she asked, sliding the silky material up and down my erection.
My only reply was a surprised look.
"I know you used to sneak into my hamper and jerk off with my panties," she breathed. "Did you wrap them around your cock like this? Or did you sniff them while you stroked your cock? Or even better, did you ever try them on?"
I tried to find my voice, between her revelation and the huge turn on of her jerking me off, in front of her husband, the best I could do was nod my head.
"Yes to which one?" she asked, increasing her pace.
"All three," I panted.
"See," she turned towards Jay. "I told you, you weren't the only one who liked playing with my dirty panties."
When I looked over to see his reaction, I saw he'd opened his own pants and was rubbing his cock through a pair of bright pink panties.
"You want to put these on, Cam," she asked.
I nodded, and then stood as she slid the black satin thong up my legs. A huge dollop of precum formed at the head of my penis.
"Should I wipe that off," she asked Jay. "Or lick it off?"
My knees almost buckled when Maggie leaned forward and without any hesitation, swallowed the entire length of my cock. I sat back down on the couch. Her lips slid back and forth as she fucked my cock with her mouth. My moaning quickly got louder as she slid the black thong up, adjusting the satin front to cup my balls and guided the back between the cheeks of my ass.
She wrapped her wet hand around my shaft and slid it back in forth in time with her mouth. I alternated between looking down to watch her and looking over and watching Jay stroke his cock.
I momentarily shocked myself as my mind started to wonder how that long, thick tool would feel in my mouth. It shocked me as I'd never even thought about wanting to do anything at all with another guy, but that night, if he'd stood up and offered me his rod, I would have gladly taken it in my mouth and down my throat until I swallowed his load.
I cried out as Maggie started massaging my balls through the panties as she continued to suck my cock.
"Mags," I moaned, running my hands through her silky brown hair. "You're gonna make me cum."
"Not yet, you're not," she announced, pulling her mouth off of my shaft. She kissed the head of my cock then stood up in front of me.
"Tell him what you want, honey," Jay told her.
"Cam," she said in a mock shy tone while reaching both her hands down to her crotch. "Would you please lick my wet little pussy?"
I nodded.
She turned around in front of me, spread her legs and slowly bent forward until her hands grasped her ankles.
I placed a hand on each of her perfect ass cheeks, leaned forward and instead of diving into her soaking wet pussy, I swirled the tip of my tongue around her puckered butthole. I must have surprised her, as I felt it tighten around my tongue as I dipped it inside of her ass.
"Mmmmm God, I love having my ass licked," she moaned.
I continued to fuck her ass with my tongue then pulled it out and ran it downward from her butthole. She moaned as I parted her lips and yelped as I grazed her rock hard little clit. Pushing forward until my nose was buried inside of her pussy, I clamped my lips around her clit. I gently sucked on her while fluttering the tip of my tongue on the tip of her clit. I could feel her pussy start contracting around my nose.
"Lick her ass again," Jay pleaded.
I released her clit and worked my tongue up towards her butt. Spreading her cheeks, I ran my tongue around her rapidly relaxing hole. With each circle, I drove deeper and deeper.
She cried out as I slowly slid my index and middle finger into her dripping pussy. Curling them forward, I could feel the wall of her vagina start to wrinkle, as her g-spot reacted to my rubbing.
"Oh fuck!" she yelped. "I'm gonna cum!"
Her pussy clamped down on my fingers as her butthole contracted and relaxed around my tongue. Her juices gushed from her pussy, soaking my hand. Her legs shook so hard, she fell back against me. I quickly pulled my face from her ass, and pulled my fingers from her pussy.
"Oh fuck...Oh fuck," she said panting to the point of hyperventilation.
I reached around her hips with my right hand and rubbed firm circles on her clit, as I leaned forward to kiss her.
"Fuck!" she moaned into my mouth after a few moments. "I'm cumming again!"
I must have done something right, she came so hard she lost control of her bladder, soaking my hand, leg and the carpet with pee.
"Wholly shit, man!" Jay exclaimed. "She has never cum that hard!"
I looked over, feeling bad about it, wanting to try and make up some sort of excuse. I was relieved to see he'd taken off his shirt and pants and was furiously stroking his cock.
"I need to clean up," Maggie announced, standing up on still shaky legs. "I'll get you a towel."
"No!" Jay cried out quickly. "I want to see you fuck him....Please."
"Do you mind?" Maggie asked me.
In lieu of an answer, I reached out and pulled her down to me. She straddled my lap; reached down and rubbed my still rock hard cock on her pussy lips. After what seemed like an eternity, she pushed the head inside of her.
It was my turn to moan and pant as she rhythmically rose and lowered herself on my cock. She leaned forward and pressed her tits into my face. I took her nipples into my mouth, first her right one then the left. I grabbed her ass cheeks and started lifting and dropping her on my cock.
I had been hard for so long, my balls were starting to ache. I don't think I'd ever wanted to cum any more urgently in my life than that moment. Her pussy was so wet; I just couldn't generate enough friction to get off.
Pulling her close, I tightened my hands on her cheeks and stood, my cock buried deep in her pussy. I quickly turned around and eased us down on the couch. Pulling her legs up to my shoulders I drove my cock as deep as I could inside of her. Her left hand went to her breast, almost violently pulling and twisting on her nipple. Her right hand was a blur as she wedged it between us and started rubbing her clit. Her fingers pulling and twisting on her pussy gave me both the visual and physical stimulation I needed to get off.
"I'm gonna cum," I warned.
"Ugggh," I heard from Jay's end of the couch.
Maggie reached down and stroked my cock as it went in and out of her pussy. With a groan, my cock exploded inside of her. I kept pumping, shooting on every stroke until I was completely drained.
I stayed inside of her until my softening cock, plopped wetly from her cum filled pussy. Looking over to Jay, I saw I wasn't the only one who got off big. His chest and stomach was covered in semen.
I was momentarily startled when, as I pulled myself off of Maggie, Jay sprung from his spot on the couch towards us.
Maggie moaned as he positioned himself between her legs, leaned down and started lapping up our combined juices.
I stood, with the intention of going to the bathroom and wiping my still dripping cock off.
"Don't go," Maggie moaned as she noticed me standing. "Jay's going to want to clean you up...After he's done with me."