Hi there. My name's Max, and you've probably heard of me and my twin sister, Liz. We run one of the big YouTube theme park channels. If you're into coasters and theme rides, I'll bet you've watched one of our videos. Max and Liz aren't our real names, of course - because the story I'm relaying here is one that we could never make into a video.
We've been into parks for as long as we've been alive - our parents always took us on vacation to the big resorts in Florida, and we did road trips cross-country to visit some of the less internationally famous (and less crowded!) places. Those were my favorite - less line, more ride. We started our channel a few years back, at first just filming our family vacations, and then once we realized how popular the videos were, it became a genuine source of income for us, and then for the family. You can make good money in this niche. We started going to parks nearly every weekend, getting more and more subscribers, until it was clear that this would be our full time job when we left school.
But there was always one park that remained off our family todo list. A park you probablyhaven'theard of, and certainly one that our parents kept us shielded from for as long as they could. Naturally we heard about it anyway through our network of semi-professional tourists, and although we dismissed it as a rumor at first, we read enough online to convince ourselves it was a real place, despite no photographs or videos of it existing. It was alleged to be fantastically expensive, and invitation-only. In our minds, we built it up as something mythical, something magical - a forbidden fruit that seemed all the juicier for its inaccessibility.
Liz and I had turned 18 a few months back. We were seasoned independent travellers already. I was packing in my room, preparing for a trip out to Ohio to ride a new gigacoaster when Liz burst into my room holding something in her hand, offering it to me.
"Hey, what's that?" I asked.
"Just read it," she said, staring at me.
She handed me a handwritten envelope that had been torn open. It was addressed to us both.
"How come you opened it? It's to both of us!" I protested mildly.
"Just. Read. It." she repeated.
We didn't get a lot of mail. Wenevergot handwritten mail.
Inside was a short note:
Max, Liz,
It's on your dime, but I got you invites.
Jake & Elle
My jaw nearly dropped.
"Is this what I think it is?" I asked.
"Would you keep reading already!" said Liz.
There was nothing else on the note, but alongside was a gold-trimmed ticket for Jizzneyland, Nevada.
I was speechless. I held the ticket up to the light, possibly to try to see if it were fake, but actually just stunned and still processing.
"This is for me? It's a couples ticket. There's no way Debbie would be into this," I said.
"It's addressed tous, Max," replied Liz.
I was confused, and I could tell that Liz could tell.
"But we're not a couple? Is this a prank from Jake?" I said.
"It's agiftfrom Jake, you idiot! An incredible gift! He must be repaying us for the guest segment we did with him - his engagement stats are way up since then," she explained. "He and Elle must have been! They never mentioned that!"
Jake and Elle were a couple of years older than us, and we had helped them break into the streaming market. A ticket to Jizzneyland was a fine gift - a more than adequate repayment for the favor we had done them.
"Well there's no way I can take Debbie. She's a nice girl, and we're not even properly dating yet. I'm not even sure she's looking to date!" I said. "And you're not even dating anyone at all at the moment. Why couldn't they have got us two singles tickets?"
"They don't do singles tickets, doofus," Liz explained. "They only let in guests as pairs. Otherwise it would just be a sausage party."
"I guess we just hold onto it until one of us is going steady and then we fight each other for it?" I offered.
Liz and I had always got on well. As twins, we were closer than regular brothers and sisters. We fought all the time, but mostly playfully. Now as grown adults, and business partners too, we were closer than ever. Despite this, wenevertalked about sex. It just felt... weird. Even though it hadn't escaped my notice that Liz had blossomed into a lithe, gorgeous young woman. No degree of sisterliness could override my intrinsic male instinct to notice her firm, pert breasts and tight jeans. Just talking about these tickets was already a more sexually-charged conversation than we hadeverhad.
"Check again," she said.
I looked at the small print on the ticket.Shit. It was valid in June only, and it was already the 27th.
"Why did he give us a nearly-expired ticket. Is he trolling us?" I asked in exasperation.
"Allthe invitation tickets are strictly time limited," she said. "They need to keep things fresh and fluid... I guess."
Wait, had she been researching this?
"You seem to know a lot about this?" I quizzed.
"Of course I do! Don't you realize what this is? It's the missing piece of the puzzle! The one park we could never visit! This is our chance to finally tick it off the list!" she said excitedly. "I've been researching this place foryears, Max!"
Wow.
Years?
She only had her first boyfriend a few months ago!
"What are you suggesting, Liz?" I asked, still genuinely confused.
"We go together! As a couple!" she exclaimed.
"Whuh...." I began.
"Not as a real couple, idiot. They don't care if we're married, engaged, dating, whatever. They only care about the gender balance. We just walk up and smile and nod and as long as we pay the entrance price and show our ticket we're good!" she said.
I sucked my teeth in thought. She had a point. And yet...
"I don't know Liz... I mean, yeah, we can just get through the gate together and then go our separate ways. But still... going to a sex park, with my freakin' sister?" I said.
"Don't be such a prude, Max, we're grown adults and neither of us virgins," she argued.
It was true. I had come out of a fairly serious relationship with Jen, my ex, a month or so back - and although Liz had never had a steady boyfriend, I knew enough through the rumor-mill of my own friends that she'd had a few one-night stands withtheirfriends.
The idea began to grow on me. An actual ticket to Jizzneyland, the mythical adults-only theme park! Ofcourseit was located just outside Vegas. My mind began to wander and wonder... was the whole place just a big outdoor casino filled with strippers?
"How much, then?" I asked.
"It ain't cheap. This is anexclusivedestination," she said, preparing me for the damage. "But I costed it up and it's basically nothing compared to the partner earnings. We're rich, bro."
I continued mulling over the idea in my head, and increasingly in my pants, where the prospect of an unhinged and debauched sexy weekend was growing on me. My sister being there too would be super-weird, but she was right - I could ditch her at the gate and head off to explore on my own.
"Let's do it," I concluded, offering her a high five.
"Yes my little brother! That is the right answer!" she answered.
Little by four minutes, and a full foot taller than her now. I ignored it. I had to re-pack for averydifferent weekend than I had originally planned.


Two taxis and an early-morning flight later, we found ourselves dropped at what looked like a regular hotel entrance. The layout was bare. There wasn't even a sign. Heavy iron bars outlined the boundary of the estate back down the driveway, which was lined on either side with tropical shrubs and thick grass. The hot desert sun beat down and forced us into the cool air-conditioned lobby, carrying only our backpacks.
"Welcome sir, welcome ma'am," said a pretty receptionist in a smart uniform. "Can I help you?"
She said nothing about where we were, and the decor hinted at anonymous luxury.
"Hi. Uh, we have a ticket," I said, passing it over the counter to her.
"Oh, wonderful," she said. "We are so glad to have you here. It looks like this will be your first time?"
"First time visitors, long-time fans!" Liz interjected.
The receptionist gave her a knowing smile and began to process our arrival.
"I'm going to need you to sign some consent forms, I hope that won't be a problem," she stated, handing me some paperwork.
Liz took the papers out of my hand and began speed-reading through them. She didn't even give me a chance to look before signing at the bottom and passing it over to me.
"Do you have your blood test results with you?" asked the receptionist.
It was apparently a strict condition of entrance that every guest got certified as clean and on birth control before attending. We had gone to a clinic yesterday and had the required tests done. I handed over the papers.
The receptionist examined them thoroughly, took payment off our joint credit card (I winced), and waved us through, gesturing to a pair of heavy wooden doors.
Liz was first off the mark, heading into what seemed to be the true entrance to this place. She opened the doors and we moved into a dimly lit corridor. She had clearly done her research and I was happy to be given the tour and be surprised.
At the end of the corridor was an altogether glitzier doorway, framed in silver, with a large neon pink sign above it, reading:
WELCOME TO JIZZNEYLAND. THE HORNIEST PLACE ON EARTH.
Very Vegas.
My anticipation had been building for days, and here we finally were. I had a typical teenage libido. I didn't need to be told to be horny. But Liz? This was the first time I had ever thought of her as being capable of something as...adult... as being horny. Did she get horny? I mean, of course she did, she was a normal human being, right? Was she horny right now? These were novel, odd thoughts to be having about my own sister.
I followed Liz's tight denim shorts through the door and was immediately shocked. We had walked into a changing room. In the middle, sitting on a high stool behind a small desk, was a stunning platinum blonde, wearing - as far as I could tell - nothing at all. Behind her by some benches were a handful of other people - other couples, presumably - disrobing.
"Welcome Max, welcome Liz!" said the inner receptionist.
The outer receptionist must have called through with our names.
"My name is Cherisse, and on behalf of Jizzneyland I'd like to warmly welcome you to our exclusive park," she said with a beaming smile.
I wasn't looking at her smile.
Liz snapped me out of it with an elbow.
"Hi Cherisse," she beamed back. "We aresoglad to be here!"
"You guys feel free to pick a locker. You just need to swipe these to open, and again to lock," said Cherisse, handing us wristbands. "They can also be used for purchases in the park, and some of our male guests like to wear them around their penises."
If I'd been drinking, I would have spit it out in surprise. I took a look at the bands. Elasticated and flesh-colored, they did indeed look like a cock ring.
I took my band, too surprised to say anything. I looked at Liz, and she looked down at my crotch, evidently thinking something similar.
"That's it, it's as easy as that! I hope you have a wonderful time here!" said Cherisse.
Liz took me by the hand and led me past Cherisse to a bench. As I passed, my head turned to see if she was sitting completely nude in her chair - of course she was, but I could only see her side as Liz dragged me to a free bench.
"Wait, where's the men's changing room?" I asked, looking around at everyone else with dawning self-consciousness - and I knew the answer to the question before I had finished asking it.
"This is it! And it's the ladies too!" said Liz. "Trust me, when you see the rest of the park, co-ed changing rooms will be theleastof your worries. Don't tell me you're all shy now?"
With that, she began to unbutton her top, right in front of me.
"Holy shit Liz, seriously, right here? Can't you pick another bench or something?" I hissed.
"We're acouple, remember?" she hissed back.
"I thought you said they didn't care!" I challenged.
"They don't, and neither do I!" she said as she pulled off her light strappy top to reveal that she had been wearing no bra. Before me stood my sister, tits out like it was nothing. Sure, I'd technically seen them before, but not since she had... filled out.
"Quit staring, nowyou'remaking it weird," she said.
I looked away and saw that other people were just casually walking around nude now. They were mostly young-ish couples in their 20s, at my guess. They seemed well groomed and professional - and every one of them slim and toned. I began to take in the sights. There were three fully nude women and one man still in his pants, putting away the rest of his clothes in the locker. The women were all clean shaven, giving me an uncompromising view of their bare pubic areas, and their bouncy breasts. One caught me looking and gave me a little wave from across the room, smiling at me. I suddenly felt a little self-conscious at being fully dressed.
"Come on, Jim, catch up!" called a man's voice from outside the room.
"Be right there!" replied the man at the locker as he whipped his underwear off, revealing chiselled glutes briefly, before he turned around to show his pendulous cock. It was the biggest penis I had ever seen outside of porn. No locker room shower had offered up a sight like this to me before. He saw me looking, gave a wink, and headed out to meet what I assumed were the partners of the women.
I swallowed. This was it. If I was going to do this thing, I had better get on with it. I turned away from the three women and came face to face with a fully nude Liz.
Again, I couldn't help but stare. She stood there with her hands on her hips, proudly, with her chest thrust forward confidently. My eyes drifted to the small strip of dark hair running down like an arrow pointing at her most private part.
"Looks like it's just you left now, Max," she said, tauntingly.
The other women behind me were giggling to each other, watching me. I had never felt more shy in my life.
I couldn't face stripping while facing my sister, so I turned and pulled off my shirt, eliciting some nods of approval from the women. I pulled down my cargo shorts and stood in my pants for a moment. They were looking, and to my horror, the shape in my pants was showing. I put away my shoes and clothes in the locker, then, still facing the locker, pulled off my underwear. Cheers erupted from the women behind me.
"Welcome to the club!" one shouted. "He's passed the first test!"
I turned to face them, no longer able to hide my nakedness. Each of them was looking down at my dick, weighing it up and judging it silently. This gave me a confidence boost. I'm proud of my dick. My dick and I have had some good times together, and at a good, thick seven inches, we've brought some good times to some hot girls too.
"Don't forget this!" said Liz from behind me.
I turned to see her dangling the wristband from her fingers. I reached out for it, but she pulled it away.
"Nuh-uh, wait," she said.
She held it against the locker door until she heard a click, then held it out again to me. I took it and began to slip it onto my wrist.
"What are you doing, Max, didn't you hear Cherisse?" she said.
She grabbed my hand and pulled the wristband off.
"Wear it properly," she said, looking down at my semi-erect dick.
I could not believe this. Liz was basically asking me to put on a cock ring? This was Liz, who until 24 hours ago had never even so much as talked about her love life. I was suddenly learning a lot about her.
"I don't know... I've never..." I stammered.
"Wuss. Let me," she said.
Without skipping a beat, she knelt down in front of me with her face at crotch-height. My dick grew a little. She reached out and grabbed my dick and balls in one hand, and slipped the band over with the other. It all happened so quickly, I could barely protest.
"Liz, you're my fucking sister!" I whispered to her as she adjusted the band and pulled my balls through it a little, which admittedly was more comfortable. The effect of the ring caused my growing erection to ratchet up.
"Didn't I already tell you I don't care?" she said, casually. "This is a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I'm going to see to it that webothget the most out of it."
She stood back up and admired her handiwork. My cock was now almost fully erect, and had a strained, urgent look to it.
"Nice penis," she said.
"Fuck you," I replied. "Look, I think we're done here. I'm off. I'll see you at, like, lunch or something I guess."
"Don't you think we should explore the park a little first? Just to get our bearings? Just to make sure your big sis is going to be safe here with all these strangers?" she said, putting on a mock pleading look.
"Honestly, I was kind of worried about you at first, but now I think you can more than handle yourself!" I retorted.
"Comeon. We've waited so long to see this place. Let's go and experience it together. We can compare it to the family parks. Maybe we can pretend we're doing a video," she said.
I knew photography was strictly prohibited here, and there was certainly nowhere to hide a camera.
I decided to humor Liz and see the sights for a while. It wouldn't hurt to see what was on offer.
We walked out of the main changing area to a shower area. Liz immediately began to shower down, so I stood opposite her and did the same, enjoying the cool water. It did nothing to let down my hard cock.
"Hey, you see that?" called Liz.
She was pointing to a booth in the corner of the shower area.
"It's a spray booth, for sunblock," she explained.
I guess that made sense. Without any clothes to protect us, the desert sun could be harsh.
A stack of fresh towels sat on a sideboard. Liz grabbed one and dried herself off quickly. I couldn't help but stare at her. It felt so wrong, looking at my sister rubbing herself down in the middle of an open space, with my boner pointing right at her. She looked through the rack of provided cosmetics, and selected a shower hat, which she donned, and then stepped into the booth, pressing the single button to activate it. The machine misted her, covering her whole body with a fine layer of UV-protective shine. She stepped out and started rubbing it in.
I decided to emulate her exactly, and soon I was standing by her, ready and eager to see what the park had to offer us. Blinding light cracked through the exterior door as we stepped out into the sunshine.
The park seemed to be arranged around a main concourse. In the center stood a fountain topped with an erotically-charged sculpture of a man wrestling a mermaid. Finely manicured garden areas surrounded the concourse. Naked people were relaxing on the grass. Food and drink stalls were available, framed with decorative flowers, and pathways led off in all directions deeper into the park. The concrete floor was kept wet everywhere by small jets of water emerging from the ground. I soon realized this was essential to make the surface walkable bare foot - stepping on the occasional dry area was like walking on burning coals.
"It's so beautiful," said Liz, taking in the sights.
I had to admit, the park wasveryfinely appointed.
The park was certainly populated, but not too densely. There were probably no more than a hundred people milling around in this large open central space. I assumed more were to be found elsewhere.
An older couple in their 30s walked past. The woman was holding the man by his penis, leading him along like a dog on a leash.
"Did you see that?!" nudged Liz.
"Yeah. Shit, man, is this what goes down here?" I said.
"Oh that wasnothing. I just thought it was funny," she replied, stealing a glance down at my own cock, illuminated and completely visible in the bright sunlight.
We strolled slowly, taking in the sights.
"There's another one!" said Liz, trying to be subtle in her pointing.
A young woman was laying on the grass, legs spread, with her man's head down there servicing her enthusiastically.
"Looks like she's having a good time already!" said Liz. I swear her hand flitted down to her own crotch for a second.
It wasn't an outright orgy, but the signs of sex were everywhere. We spotted more couples engaged with each other on partly-secluded benches, against walls, and under the shade of trees. Despite my raging forced boner, at that moment I felt more thirsty than horny.
"Wanna get a drink?" I said to Liz.
"Sure, sounds good," she responded, and for the first time today I was the one leading her.
We came up to a well-stocked bar. I wondered if we would get served.
"Hey," I said, announcing us to the nude bartender. She was an older woman - maybe just the right side of 40 - but had a fantastic pair of huge breasts with perfect bullets for nipples.
"How's it going, folks?" she drawled. "I'm afraid I'm going to need to see some ID before I can serve you."
"Uh, I guess I don't have anything on me," I said, dumbly.
"Sure you do, just scan your wristband here, it'll bring up your details," she said.
I looked down at my "wrist" band, wrapped around the base of my cock. The bartender saw this and spoke up.
"Ah, not a problem, I can reach over with the scanner," she began, but Liz interrupted her.
"No need, he can take it off, he's looking a little... strained. Plus, I don't think he needs it to stay hard," said Liz.
I was a little taken aback by my sweet sister Lizzie casually talking about the strength of my erection, but I was slowly learning to go with the flow. She was certainly right that my hard cock wouldn't be going away any time soon, with the constant sight of delicious bodies (and, if I was brutally honest, due to my own naked sister being close by my side constantly).
I was grateful for the opportunity to take the band off, and began to reach down and pull it off, but it was awkward. I didn't want it to crush my balls on the way over them so I had to stretch it out with my hand... I was making heavy weather of it, when Liz suddenly batted my hand out of the way.
"Here, let me help you," she said, holding onto my balls and seemingly effortlessly pulling the band over them and up off my cock. She brushed against the tip of my cock as she did this motion, and a drop of precum attached itself to her hand. We both noticed, but she said nothing, quickly wiping it off against her leg, then handing me back the wristband.
There was a great sense of relief in my balls, but an ever-greater sense of wanting in my cock.
I had given up being surprised by Liz's boldness.
The bartender scanned both our bands.
"Sorry, can't serve you alcohol for another few years, but you're welcome to try any of the mocktails," she said.
It was kind of ridiculous, that 18 year old adults were allowed to come to place like this, but a drink was a step too far.
We ordered off the menu, and the bartender set about making them. I could see over the bar that she was nude on the bottom too. My eyes were on her tits.
One of the couples from the changing room sat down at the bar next to us. She was an incredible sight; he was intimidating. Taller than me, and with that pendulous cock just dangling there, not hard at all, as if this was just a normal day for him. I felt embarrassed at my erection, like I was an amateur boy getting his first sight of a bra. The embarrassment caused me to shrink a little.
Our drinks arrived, and the other couple ordered. I stared at the glasses.
Mine was a delicate glass sculpture of a vulva, and Liz's was a huge glass rendition of a dick.
"What the heck am I supposed to do with this?" I asked Liz, quietly.
"Suck it down, ya moron!" she said, picking up her glass by the handle and moving the tip of the glass penis to her lips. She tipped it back, and the bright red Virgin Mary coursed through an interior passage within the glass, up the shaft of the fake penis, and out through the tip which was now in Liz's mouth. She put on a show of throwing her head back and pushing the glass cock further into her mouth. I could only watch as she swallowed her drink.
My cock began to grow again.
"Jesus, Liz, are you a fuckin' professional?" I gawped.
"Never had any complaints," she said with a dirty smile, after sliding the glass dick out of her mouth and smacking her lips.
I turned to my own drink and manoeuvred the awkward arrangement of folds of glass to my face, wondering where the drink was supposed to come out from. I tipped it back and the drink flowed into my mouth, spilling out around my lips.
Liz laughed.
"Yeah, you need some practice with that," she jested.
"Maybe I could help with that?" came the voice of the woman from the changing room, who was sitting on the other side of Liz. "Hi, my name is Candy, and this is Jim."
"Uh, pleased to meet you Candy," I said, then nodded, "Jim."
"Yeah, uh, I've not drunk out of a... glass like this before," I said.
"That is clear!" she laughed. "That's why I asked if I could help you."
I was unclear on what she meant.
"Uh, sure, that would be great," I said, not quite sure what she was suggesting.
"Is this OK with you, dear?" she asked Liz.
For the first time today, Liz gave a hint of being rattled, but very quickly replied.
"Sure thing Candy, he's all yours!" she said with a grin.
With that, Candy stood up and came over to the stool next to mine. She sat down and spread her legs out, hooking one up on the bar, exposing her vagina to me.
My cock regained full hardness.
"My boy, you look like you've never seen a woman's pussy before!" said Candy.
"No, no, I have, it's just... my ex and I never..." I trailed off as Candy placed her finger on her clit.
"You see this spot here?" she asked, looking me in the eyes. "Give it a good lick."
I stared into her open pussy lips. They were slick, and as she removed her finger from on top of her clit, I could see it poke out of its hood like a little pink pea.
I turned to Liz for some reason, as if looking for moral support.
"Get down there and eat her out, you slowpoke!" said Liz. "This is what we're here for!"
I couldn't believe the directness of Liz. My own sister ordering me to give oral sex to a complete stranger.
When in Rome...
I got down off the stool and knelt on the floor between Candy's legs. I moved in and tried my best. This wasn't technically my first time, but all my previous experience was fumbling in the dark with Jen. I placed my tongue right where Candy asked me to, and tickled it with the tip.
"Ohhh yes, that's a good start!" she cried out.
With slowly building confidence, I licked her up and down, tasting her delicate juices and teasing her firm nub.
"He's not bad, not bad at all. You're a lucky girl," she said, apparently to Liz. What the fuck! She must have thought Liz and I were a couple!
"Huh," said Liz, non-committally. "Yeah, I definitely am a lucky girl."
I focused myself on Candy's hot wet pussy, and as I escalated the intensity of my tonguing, she closed her legs around my head and held me there. I could just about manage to breathe. I started a steady rhythm of circular licking, focused directly on her clit.
"Huuuuuuuuhhhhhhh..." exhaled Candy, starting to breath rapidly.
I picked up the pace with my tongue, pressing harder now. Behind me, I heard Liz get up and shuffle around.
"Mmmmmm, don't stop that," said Candy.
I continued.
"Yes, you know you want it," she continued. "Give it a lick. Yes, like that. It's OK. Keep going. More. Open wide! Take it all! More!"
I gave her more. My tongue darted over her clitoral hood and back down, and I suckled it, doing my best to bring Candy to the brink of orgasm. Her moans gave me confidence and I got lost in her intimate folds and scents and tastes.
"Yes! Oh, yes, don't stop down there!" cried Candy. She panted and writhed under my mouth.
I ran my fingers up her inner thighs, eliciting a little shiver as I caressed her perineum.
"Fuck yes, that's the way to do it! I knew you could manage. Now keep sucking!" she demanded.
I felt Candy's legs squeezing me harder, and her breaths become short. I sucked her clit into my mouth and probed her vagina with two fingers.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, ohhhh YES, fuck, keep going, keep going, keep... keep... kee..." she trailed off and stopped breathing entirely as a little squirt of silken girlcum shot into my mouth and I felt my fingers being gripped tighter by her orgasmic contractions. I pressed my tongue hard into her clit and kept the pressure on while she came. I needed oxygen but made do with pussy.
I don't know how long her peak lasted, but her legs finally released me and she turned to jelly. I pulled back for a gulp of air. She ran her fingers through my hair then beckoned for me to come up. I stood up and kissed her. My cock pressed into her sweat-slick abdomen as our tongues intertwined. She was ravenous for the taste of herself on my lips. I pulled back for more air and we shared a wicked stare into each others' eyes.
She broke eye contact first, looking over my shoulder. I turned around and nearly fell back into her.
Liz was on her knees with her mouth stretched round Jim's massive cock.
"Keep sucking, that's it, that's the way he likes it," said Candy. My mind reeled.
Candy grabbed my dick from behind and began stroking it.
"You like watching your girl with another man? Because I just came to the sight of my man with another girl," she cooed. "Well, not just to the sight. There was some pretty impressive cunnilingus happening too, I must admit."
I had to bite my cunt-soaked tongue to prevent me from telling them that she wasn't my girl. For some reason, it felt like it was too late to admit it, and that we needed to keep up the pretence of being a real couple.
All I could do was enjoy Candy's strokes as I watched my sister deep throat a monster dick. She had a hand on his balls and was frigging herself with her other hand. She moved her head up and down his shaft, then popped it out and spat on it.
"Fuckin' A," moaned Jim. "I'm close."
Liz looked up at him, jacking his cock.
"Cum in my mouth," she said, as if she were oblivious to her brother standing there watching her. Candy, still sitting behind me with her tits pressed into my back, rolled the head of my cock between her fingers.
Liz opened her mouth wide in anticipation, moved her hand up his shaft, and gave him a triggering lick on his frenulum. Jim's face tensed up and ribbons of sperm erupted and splashed right into Liz's mouth. I saw the first two spurts but whatever followed happened in her mouth, as she wrapped her lips around his cockhead and sucked the cum down.
"He's cumming in her mouth," whispered Candy in my ear, giving me a long slow stroke. "What do you think about that?"
I wasn't thinking at all. I felt like my balls were about to erupt, but some part of my psyche was screaming at me.She's your goddamn sister! Look away! What the fuck are you doing watching her drink cum? Do you know how wrong and perverted you are? Why is your dick so hard? Why the fuck have you got a hard dick from watching your sister blow a stranger? It's sick! You're a fucking sicko!
Liz finished the blowjob and sat up. She said nothing to Jim but turned to me and gave the biggest grin I've ever seen on her. So big in fact that her lips parted and cum dribbled out down her chin and onto her tits.
She stood there in front of me, still grinning, watching Candy jack me off. She gave a big swallow and started scooping up the cum on her breasts and on her chin and feeding it to herself. I almost blew my load but with superhuman willpower I held back, because if I did, I would have shot all over her.
"What's that look for, bro?" she said, finishing her cleanup. "Never seen a blowjob before?"
"I've never seenyougive a blowjob before! Holy shit!" I managed to retort.
"Did you just call him bro?" said Jim, recovering from what looked like a mind-blowing nut.
"Sure, he's my brother," said Liz, matter-of-factly.
Candy pulled her hand away from my dick and stepped off the chair and back.
"Uh, what the hell?" she said nervously.
She stepped to Jim's side, away from us both.
"Oh no, don't get us wrong. We didn't come heretogethertogether. We just got a ticket from some friends and didn't want to miss out," explained Liz, as though it were a perfectly normal thing to do.
The couple shot glances at each other.
"Well, whatever, I guess. Girl, you suck dick good," said Jim, and they walked off quickly.
Liz turned back to the bar and raised her dick glass to her lips, draining it.
The bartender had wandered off, seemingly completely uninterested in our little sex show. I figured she must have simply seen it all before so many times.
"Looks like neither of us got off, huh?" said Liz, looking down at my neglected but still fully aroused cock. "Still, how awesome was that? Sex at a bar with some total randos! I can't believe we both just did that!"
I was glad that Liz was at least treating this as a novelty instead of making me out as some kind of sexual yokel by taking it all in her stride.
"Pretty wild, I guess," I managed to say, still a little in disbelief at what we had both just done. "You ready to see more?"
"Wait, let's take a look at this," she said, grabbing a map from the bar and starting to study it. "We're close to the Carousel of Transgress. That's got a swing symbol on it - I think that means you'll be having sex with other couples. Down this path we've got the Ride of Passage and the Hall of Residents; and the Titi Room and Jungle Cruising, and the Ass-tro Orbiter. Then downthispath there's Expedition Everfist and It's A Small Hole. Oh, and there's another one, just called Whorin'."
"Jesus this place is ridiculous. I'm not fisting anything, thank you."
Liz looked as though she was mulling over the idea.
"Yeah, let's take a raincheck on that one..." she said. "Come on, I've heard good things about the Ride of Passage, it's meant to be a fun one."
We left the bar and emerged into the bright light, now walking with purpose across the main concourse to one of the pathways. Others were moving between shady spots, trying to stay out of the sun. Strangely enough, everybody seemed to be young and good looking.
"How d'you think they keep the weird old creeps out?" I asked Liz as we passed the fountain.
"Weirdos? You mean like people who go down on strangers at a bar?" she ribbed.
"No, I mean, like, if this was a bathhouse it would be filled with hairy old bastards leering at everyone," I continued.
"I have no idea. I guess keeping it to couples keeps a whole world of creepiness out. And maybe the invite system? People only invite who they want to be with?" she speculated.
I wondered if that meant Jake and Elle were here today. I hadn't prepared myself for meeting anyone we actually knew.
Amidst the well-groomed flower displays we passed more concession stands, and also some outdoor showers, which a group of girls were enjoying together, seemingly just chatting and soaping themselves down. Rainbows danced across the shower mist. My gaze was fixed on them even as I walked.
"Leering, huh?" said Liz.
I snapped out of it and laughed at myself. At least my boner had subsided from the walk.
"Oh Liz, wait, we have to go in here," I said, as I spotted the Titi Room.
Decked out in tropical palm leaves and bamboo walls, this was a small building with no apparent queue to get in.
Liz rolled her eyes at me.
"These titties not enough for you?" she said, pushing her breasts together with both hands.
I had to remind myself who I was with.
"Liz, not that you don't have... like... great breasts... but like I keep saying, it's just wrong. I want to get a boner from someone whoisn'tmy sister," I explained.
Shit, did I just admit I was getting a boner from her tits?
"Look, I'm a regular straight girl, the titty room just doesn't do that much for me. I think I need to get fucked..." she wondered out loud, looking again at my dick. "So why don't you go on in there and I'll catch up with you later, OK?"
I was hugely relieved to be going my own way, finally feeling like I could enjoy some legitimate arousal without this nagging inner angel whisperingperv.
"Sure Liz, I think that's going to be the best thing. How do I find you again?" I asked, somehow having presence of mind to think practical thoughts.
"Let's just meet back up there at the Carousel of Transgress at, like, noon?" she suggested.
"Works for me. Now in the nicest possible way, go get fucked!" I called to her, already heading into the room.
A clock indicated that the next show was about to start.
"You know I will!" she called back, blowing me a kiss.
Since when did my sister blow me kisses?
I tried to put her out of my mind, entering the dark humid room. I was expecting some kind of theater, but the room was more like a narrow passage. Atmospheric jungle drums and birdsong played over the speakers.
The passage turned a corner and it became clear what the point of this place was. It was a maze, but instead of walls, there were the naked, oiled breasts of women, standing in booths up to their waists. There was barely any space between the opposing women, and in some pairs they touched at the nipple.
"Hi there," said the nearest women with a perfect hostess smile. She wiggled herself to show off her huge, shining breasts. "Welcome to our Titi Room."
Some of the other women giggled. All of them, without exception, were stunningly curvaceous and well-endowed. The dim lighting was enough to see their beautiful smiling young faces. Either they were well-trained actresses, or they were genuinely please to have a guest.
A man and a woman entered the passage behind me, which prompted me to move forward. I had to squeeze myself between the opposing pairs of breasts every step of the way. Each touch elicited a naughty giggle. Some of the women held their hands out, to run them lightly across my chest and sides as I moved forward. They were standing packed tightly together, side by side, so that after sliding past one slippery set of tits, I smoothly glided onto the next. My upper body became slick with the fragrant oil that covered the breasts of these gorgeous women.
This was a genuine maze, so I soon came to a turn, and chose right. A woman on the corner whispered:good choiceand reached out to give me a pat on my bare ass. I slithered through the passageway, always in contact with at least two of the women, against my chest and against my back. Some of the women that I faced gave me a cheeky kiss on the lips as I moved past them. When I lingered for just a moment, a tall one reached out and grabbed my cock while her breasts were pressed flat against my chest, touching her nipples to mine.
"Going somewhere in such a hurry?" she purred, stroking me.
I felt worshipped. I considered staying right there and letting her jerk me off - Lord knows I was overdue by this point, dripping onto her hand. It was the other guests coming round the corner that made me decide to move on; I didn't want to block them.
After a heavenly time getting intentionally lost, I made it to the exit and for the first time in half an hour I wasn't cocooned in tits.
I hopped out and found a convenient shower to wash the oil off. Another guy came along and joined me casually. He began to wash himself down.
"Oh boy, that carousel, huh? You tried it yet?" he asked, striking up a friendly conversation. I still hadn't quite adjusted to the idea of showering naked with a dude. I looked down at his soft cock, feeling confident with my semi.
"No, not yet, although I'm meeting my sis... my, uh, girlfriend there later. She didn't fancy the titties." I said, rolling my eyes man to man.
"Haha, no kidding," he replied jovially. "Well, I'm heading for a pool, that thing has taken its toll on me if you know what I mean."
I didn't know what he meant, but judging by his spent dick, it must have been good.
The dry air and heat evaporated the shower water off me in less than a minute, as I walked on to check out another ride. I decided I needed to deal with my intensely blue balls.
I came up to the Ass-tro Orbiter VR Experience. A young park attendant stood by it. I could tell she was an employee because she was one of the only people wearing anything at all:- a white leather harness with a park logo on the shoulder strap, and absolutely nothing concealed.
"Welcome sir, are you interested in the VR Experience?" she said with a wide, beautiful smile.Where do they hire all these tens?I thought.
"Maybe. What's it like?" I asked.
"Well there's a reason I'm stationed out here to explain it. You see, it's one of our more intense rides for men. In truth, it's not for everyone," she said, cautiously.
I liked the sound of intense. Anything to empty my nuts after what had seemed like a whole morning of teasing to the brink.
"Sure, sign me up!" I said, genuinely enthusiastically.
"Oh that's so wonderful. As you can see, there's a completely empty line for men and a bit of a wait for women," she said, motioning towards the women's queue.
"Why the difference between men and women?" I asked.
"Well we have to pair you guys up, of course! Some women go into the men's queue if that's what they're into, but mostly they're here for the topping experience and are happy to wait. Eventually we do get enough men interested, and some like to stick around to be with more than one woman," she explained.
"Uh, so, maybe I should ask... what exactly is the ride?" I said, suddenly not so sure about this.
"Anal fucking, silly!" she said with an angelic smile that did not at all match the words coming out of her mouth. She stood there, breasts pushed forward by her harness, shaved pussy on display. She turned around quickly and patted her ass, looking over her shoulder at me. She was wearing a green jewel butt plug. "This is the Ass-tro Orbiter! It's a fully immersive VR experience. Women on top get a strap-on dildo, with optional internal penetrator, and a state of the art VR headset which makes it look to them like they have a dick. This is amajorfantasy for a lot of our female guests. Meanwhile, the men just get a comfy seat to kneel on, usually on all fours. Then the women virtually fuck the men's asses with their new dicks, and the men kneel there and take it, which they seem to love!"
This explicit exposition floored me. Nope. No fucking way. Count me out.
"So, sound good?" the attendant asked.
Before I could make an excuse, I was re-floored by the sight of Liz comingoutof the ride.
"Oh my god, Max! Are you going to try it? You should, it'ssoamazing!" she cried, running up to me. "It actually felt like I had a real dick, just like yours!"
She was sweaty and oily and her hair was unkempt, maybe from the helmet strap, maybe from more.
"I'm just... I can't even..." I started. My sister, Liz, gushing about having just fucked a guy in the ass with a dildo strap-on.
"You should totally try it," she pressed.
"Gee Liz, I think it's kind of a different ride for men than it is for women? And I'm not so sure that I want to? Come on, you opted out of the titties - big mistake, by the way, it was awesome - so I think I should get to veto getting fucked in the ass," I argued.
"Suit yourself. Come on then," she said, sauntering off back towards the main concourse. As she walked away, my eyes popped out of their sockets. She was wearing a green jewel butt plug just like the attendant's.
The attendant saw me noticing.
"A complementary gift for all riders," she said with her winning smile. She reached round behind her and made a show of adjusting hers. "Mmm, yes, that's better."
I followed my sister's butt plugged ass and walked besides her.
"Shit bro, looks like youstillhaven't gotten off," she observed, correctly. "I came three times just then. Did you know, on the inside of the strap-on, they have..."
I interrupted her.
"Yeah, I don't need to hear it from you, thanks," suddenly aware once again that I was walking around with a desperate hard-on next to my sister, who was now seemingly completely at home with her sexual surroundings.
"I got a recommendation to try the carousel so that's where I'm going next," I said to her.
"Sure, OK, whatever you like, I can tell we need to deal with this little thing right away," she said, reaching over and giving my bare cock head a flick. I couldn't believe how casual she had become in touching me.
We arrived at the carousel - a large circular building. There was a big queue, both on the men's and women's side. I wasn't up for waiting.
"Look, the queue is massive, let's just meet here at noon like we originally planned. I'm going to just straight up ask to fuck some random woman in the queue if I have to wait any longer."
"Hey, why not? Don't be shy!" she said.
Liz was openly giving her pussy an itch in front of me, without a care in the world, and it was the kind of itch that morphed into a distinct rubbing motion.
"OK, fine, I'm going off to the It's a Small World to see what that's all about. I'll see you here later, right?" she said, heading off.
"Right," I replied, watching her hips swing, with my eyes locked on her green plug.
I headed up another path, heading forWhorin'. I figured at the very least I could hire some relief.
My balls ached in defeat as I approached the attraction and saw a sign:-Closed for maintenance.
Aw crap. I wandered aimlessly for a bit before ending up again at the carousel, where the queue had died down completely.Fuck it, I'm riding it,I thought.
I headed into the building down the men's queue and was greeted with another drop-dead 10/10 blonde attendant.
"Hey there, welcome to the Carousel, sir!" she said, obediently. "Would you like me to give you a blowjob while you wait?"
I had never before been offered a blowjob as though it were a cup of coffee.
"Sure, how can I say no to that?" I said with an astonished smile, on autopilot.
She dropped to her knees and immediately took my cock into her mouth, giving it an expert tongue massage.
I felt like I was pretty close to cumming already.
She pulled back and began to talk to me.
"We offer our male guests oral relief at this point in case they would like to ensure their stamina for the ride," she said, looking up to me past my cock, which she kept stroking while she spoke. "We find that men sometimes... perform better after their first orgasm?"
I saw her logic, but I mainly saw her lips descend back onto my cock and resume sucking. I stood there and basked in the warm glow of her mouth.
Another attendant was now on her knees servicing a man next to me.
Just at that moment, a gentle buzzer went off, and both attendants got to their feet.
"I'msosorry, but the ride is now available, and we have to see you in."
Pre-cum drooled from my once-again disappointed dick.They oughta call this place Cockteaseland.
"Come this way, please," said my attendant, showing me and a gathering group of men through into the dark ride area.
"There are 24 stations, for 24 men. If you'd each like to pick one and lie down," she continued.
The ride area was large and dimly lit, but I could see comfortable-looking mattresses laid out. I picked one and lay back on it, enjoying the soft relaxing rest after having been upright in the hot sun all morning. I looked left and right as the other men lay down on their bedded spaces.
"Keep your hands by your sides as we lower the pods, please," said the attendant.
Walls descended around me and I became locked within a small pod with only a red light to illuminate me. Lying on my back, I couldn't see much other than my own body.
"Female pods engage," said the attendant, and mechanisms above me whirred to life.
24 pods for 24 men? And for 24 women above?
The lower half of my pod-bed was exposed, and down from above descended a woman's legs. She seemed to be strapped into an upper-body harness, but the mechanism and pod housing obscured my view - I couldn't see her face or her breasts - only her lower half as her legs came down either side of my hips. She continued to descend, moving down into a squat, until I could see her wet pussy lips hovering above me. Another mechanism released a lock somewhere, and the woman became to manoeuvre herself into position, reaching down and placing my cock at her entrance.
A thrill surged through me.Am I about to fuck 24 women in a row?
She plunged herself down on my cock. I could only look down and see myself disappear into her wet, tight tunnel, barely illuminated in the deep red light. We could only see each other's lower halves, but that was all we needed. She ground herself into me, cowgirl style. I lay back and let the pleasure of her pussy wash over me.FinallyI thought to myself. It wouldn't be long before I unloaded.
Just as the woman was getting into a rhythm, the mechanisms interrupted, lifting her off me. I strained upwards, trying to stay inside her, but my cock slipped out with a bounce, and only a thin trail of grool kept it connected to the woman's pussy. The trail fell away, and the mechanism rotated. Another pair of feet and legs descended, and a completely different woman sat herself down urgently on me. She had just been pulled away from her previous guy and must have been as frustrated as I was. She fucked herself furiously against me. I felt so, so close to pumping her full of cum, but the machine once again intervened. It seemed like we got about a minute in each position.
The ride continued in this way, sending me increasingly wet pussies down from heaven. I began to suspect that at least one of the men had already cum and I was feeling their semen drip around the base of my cock as one woman bucked and rocked on me, seeking her second trophy.
I lost count of how many different pussies came down to fuck me, but it must have been around the fifteenth that I finally lost it. She was rutting herself so frantically on me, and her pussy was so tight, that I was driven over the edge and beyond, and began spurting up into her, groaning as a whole morning's worth of teasing flooded out of me and filled her pussy. I pumped my last drops just in time for her to rise up drip some of it back down onto me.
Without any break for a refractory period, my next pussy arrived and sat on me, fucking as frantically as the last. This one was rubbing her clit at the same time, and although it was hard to tell through my over-sensitive cock, I'm sure she orgasmed on me.
Again, and again, the pussies rotated and descended onto me. It was becoming unbearable post-orgasm torture on my raw dick, but my pride kept me hard as several more women reached their climax, some dribbling their own juices onto me.
Finally, the last woman ascended, seemingly desperately unfulfilled, still rubbing herself as she disappeared from view.
The housing of the pod rose, and I rolled unsteadily out, feeling thoroughly drained and satisfied. The attendants dutifully began to change the bedding down to the rubber sheets as I walked off.They must get through a lot of laundry here.
Exiting the ride, I blinked in the mid-day sun. I looked around a bit, wondering if Liz was back yet. It was just before noon. I walked over to a table with a sunshade and leafed through their food and drink menu.
"Hey Max," I heard Liz coming up to me.
"Sis," I replied, not caring if anyone overheard. "How was the Small World then?"
"Oh it was a beginner's anal ride. Matching small dicks to tight holes. I didn't go on it in the end; I'd rather have a full-size ride thank you," she said, surprising me again.
A big-titted waitress came up to us. Her trimmed pussy was right next to me but my afterglow of satisfaction muted my desires enough that I simply ordered us some ice lemonades without needing a lingering look.
"So what did you do instead of the little dick ride?" I asked.
"Oh, I took one look at that thing and came right back here to the Carousel. In fact, I've just been on it."
My heart stopped. I couldn't find any words. I just stared blankly at her.
Our lemonades arrived. I sipped in silence.
"Aren't you going to ask me how it was? Max, I just fucked 24 guys in less than half an hour!" she boasted.
I know. I was there.
"Liz, that's... that's..."Which one was she?"that's great, I guess."
"Youhaveto give it a go next," she said, oblivious. "They put you in a harness and you just go round and round lowering down onto hard cocks. Well, that's what the women get. You get to be one of the hard cocks!"
She sat back with her drink and stole a glance under the table.
"Oh hey buddy, it looks like you actually sorted yourself out!" she said. "Come on then, what finally did it for you? Please tell me it was some freaky one on one with an anonymous stranger," she said, giggling with anticipation.
"You know what Liz, that's about half right..."
END OF CHAPTER ONE.