Her humiliating first time fuck has consequences
This is my non I/T entry for the Summer Lovin' 2019 comp.
Thanks to all that have read the draft and given me feedback.
=====
Cathy and I started karate training about the same time, but for different reasons. We'd never met before, and if it wasn't for this activity, we probably never would have. I was about twenty years older than her, and getting very out of shape. Work was also getting to me and I needed a distraction. Preferably one that improved my fitness and made me focus on something besides petty office dramas. Cath was a single mum. She had a seven-year-old son who was pretty hyperactive, and she brought him to the junior training to see if it would help him expend some of that energy and learn self-control. After watching him for six months, and with some nudging from the trainers, she started at the senior classes. Her mum looked after Zac those nights.
I consider myself average. I always have. 5' 11", 230 pounds, dark hair going grey, average looks, nothing remarkable. Mostly average marriage to Rebecca, but no kids, comfortable but average job. Even my dick's bang on average. Five point one inches. Depressing, but there you go. The most exciting thing anybody has said about me was "Tom's pretty smart." That's debatable. I've done some pretty stupid things in my life.
You'd probably consider Cathy average as well, apart from her height. She was a bit over 6', with a solid build. Shoulder length brown hair, pleasant face with a bit of a square chin, smallish boobs, and brown eyes that occasionally sparkled but mostly had a sad or faraway look in them. I found out through small talk we have before and after training that she used to be a competitive butterfly swimmer in her teens. I could see that from her broad shoulders. Apart from that, we really didn't know much about each other.
Because of our respective ages and ability, we always stood next to each other in training, and because we were physically similar we tended to be partnered for combined exercises such as fight training. Sparring was interesting initially. We're only supposed to do light contact fighting in the Dojo, but Cath didn't want to hit me at all. She was comfortable with me lightly hitting her, but she always pulled her punches and kicks. No amount of coaxing from anybody could get her to follow through. After a couple of months, I managed to catch her alone and quietly asked: "Why?"
"Just stuff that happened years ago," she replied.
I said that we were all friends in this place, and she could talk in confidence to me if she wanted.
"Thanks," she said. "I'll think about it."
We didn't see each other for a couple of weeks. The next time I saw her at training, there was a small difference. She was a little more confident, a little more aggressive in her fighting, and a little more chatty.
After training, she tapped me on the shoulder and asked, "Do you think we could get a coffee together sometime this week?"
"Sure," I replied, "Is tomorrow morning ok?"
She beamed "That'd be great."
We organised a time and place near my work and went our separate ways. I told my wife, Rebecca, about my idea to have a chat with Cathy. She was very supportive of the idea.
"Good." Bec said, "The times I've met her I can tell there's something sad inside her. She needs to get it out otherwise it will just eat at her. I've tried to have a bit of a talk, but she always turns the conversation to either Zac, anime, or Pokémon." I love Bec, but she can be a bit of a "stray collector." She's the sort of person that sees something or someone that needs help and wants to bring it/them home. It can be frustrating, but I was happy she agreed with me about Cathy.
The following day I met Cath at the coffee shop. We got our drinks and sat on a bench seat in the park next door. Spring weather had been awful, and a touch of early summer sun was nice. She took a sip of her coffee and turned to me "Thanks for asking about me. I don't get too many guys wanting to talk, particularly when they find out about Zac."
I shrugged "No worries. I'm happy to chat, particularly if coffee's involved."
She laughed and it transformed her face. It looked like the dark clouds had blown away for a second and the sun had lit up her face. For a moment, she did look beautiful. The clouds then returned, but not as dark.
"You should do that more often." I remarked.
She laughed a bit more and went back to contemplating her coffee, but Cath now wore a small smile. Her shoulder-length brown hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail, and she wore 1950's style black winged frame glasses. She wore a loose grey hoodie and grey tracksuit pants. To me, it looked like Cath was trying to blend into the background. She turned slightly and asked how I was enjoying karate.
"Pretty good. I can now do 10 push-ups without collapsing. Haven't lost any weight but lost a couple of inches around my middle." I replied. "And you?"
She nodded slowly "It's good. Been a long time since I've been able to get out and socialise. Well, sort of socialise."
"Because of Zac?" I asked.
"Partly," she replied but didn't elaborate. I didn't push it. We finished our coffee and got up. "Thanks again. It's good to get out and talk to people." Cath said. "Would you like to catch up the same time next week?"
"Sure," I said and waved my finger at her. "But I'll see you later at training."
Cath smiled brightly. "I look forward to kicking your arse."
"And I look forward to you trying," I replied.
This became a regular thing. Not a lot of chat, just sitting, drinking coffee, and watching the world go by for about a half hour. I did learn that she was trained as a journalist but had to go freelance when Zac came along. It had given her more time at home with him before he went to school. Cath was thinking about going back full time but was ok with things at the moment. She was getting enough work to get by reasonably well.
One day she looked at me thoughtfully and commented "We really still don't know that much about each other. When I was studying journalism we had to do this Q&A session with a partner in class. The first person asked a question, the other must give a reply that couldn't be a one-word yes/no or similar answer, the first asks a follow-up question, and the second gives their reply. And that's it for that topic. You can't ask another question about it." Cathy explained that it was to get you to think carefully about a question, and also the reply. "It was a good thing at parties. There were some very... interesting responses. But you have to tell the truth."
I shrugged, "I'm game if you are. I don't think my life is all that interesting."
We started. It was actually fun trying to carefully frame a question or an answer. The initial questions were fairly bland - where did we grow up, why did we move here, favourite animals, that sort of thing. After a couple of weeks, the questions started to get more personal. I asked where Zac's dad was.
Cath got a hard look on her face and growled: "Bastard's on an oil rig somewhere I think."
My unthinking follow-up question was "Why'd he leave?"
Her reply - "I broke his jaw."
I looked at her and opened and closed my mouth like a goldfish. I wanted to say something, but she just had this really black look on her face. And that was it for the day.
The next night Cathy trained like she was possessed. I think I inadvertently opened a deep wound again. Whatever had gone on between her and Zac's dad had hurt, and she was taking it out in the Dojo. After class, I drew her to one side and quietly asked if she was ok.
Cath looked down "No, not really." She looked at me "I need to tell someone what happened. It's been boiling inside of me for years but there's never been anyone I can talk to."
I reached out and put a hand on her shoulder "Well, I'm here. If you want it kept quiet, I'm very good at keeping secrets. Goes with my job. I deal a lot in contract negotiations..."
Cathy looked at the ceiling, looked at me, looked at the floor again. She sighed. "That would be great. It's not a coffee talk though. There's also something you need to see, but it's not good. I don't want you to think badly of me after you see it, but I'm afraid you will."
I didn't know what could be so bad but I replied "I promise I won't judge you. Whatever it is. Scout's honour." I gave the appropriate three finger salute and opened my phone's calendar. I had a few spots that I was free throughout the week, so we arranged a time to meet at her house. I just booked out the time as a new client meeting.
A couple of days later I knocked on Cathy's door. With coffee. She opened the door dressed as per usual but with her hair down. It really helped lift her look. She didn't look so stern.
"Good morning Cathy," I said cheerily, "I know you said it wasn't a coffee talk, but I think better with caffeine."
She smiled and waved me in "You know me well. Thanks."
I followed her to the lounge room and looked around. It was a fairly old but well-built house, probably 12-foot ceilings, wooden floorboards with rugs, and suitably aged furniture. I sat down in an oversized leather winged chair and Cath sat in a similar chair opposite.
"This is difficult for me." Cath said quietly "It's really personal, and well, pretty disgusting. But I have to tell someone. I need to tell someone, but if I tell you, you have to promise to just let me talk. And you can't tell anyone. And I mean anyone. Not even Bec." She started to cry.
I leaned across and held her hands. "Look, I promised to not say anything, and I'll keep that promise. If you want, I'll tell you something that I haven't told anyone. Especially Rebecca. In great detail, if you want. That way we'll hold each other's secret forever. Ok?"
Cath pushed her glasses up, wiped her eyes and sniffed "Thanks, but you don't have to."
I said, "Well, I'll keep it for another day. Just ask if you want to hear it."
As a reply, Cath took a deep breath and looked at the ceiling. She started to talk. "I don't know for sure who's Zac's dad. It's one of seven guys that had sex with me one day." She looked at me for a reaction.
I stared impassively back, but in my mind, I was thinking "What the fuck???" I wasn't expecting that for an opening line. Seeing no reaction from me seemed to give Cathy the courage to continue.
=====
Cathy was a bit of a loner at high school. Not through choice. People said she was built like a brick shithouse. She was taller and more solid than most of her classmates, including the boys. Swimming and English were where she excelled. By the time she was 18, she had the outlines of a female figure but no one really noticed. Cath had decided that journalism was probably a good career for her and thought a clean break to a University in another state would change things personally.
Cathy didn't know anyone in her new town, which she also thought was a good thing. She got a room on campus and threw herself into her Journalism degree. She joined a couple of clubs and generally was accepted by her classmates. Cath was fairly happy with her social life. Guys in her class were friendly, but no one asked her out. That was her only disappointment. She heard via the Uni grapevine that they thought she was a lesbian, solely because of her looks. She didn't know how to react to that. Girls also seemed to be intimidated by her size, so nothing that way either. Not that she was particularly interested in women, but it would have been nice to have been asked.
One day in her last year she was invited to a classmate's friend of a friend's 25th fancy dress birthday party. Normally she'd stay away from that sort of party, but she thought she may as well go. Cathy was determined to make a lasting final impression, so she decided that the slutty schoolgirl look would change people's opinion of her. She went literally all out. Red high top sneakers, knee-high white socks, a really short skirt, G-string, and a short-sleeved thin white shirt tied up at the midriff. Oh, and no bra. Cath chose the shirt deliberately to make that point.
=====
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair. I hadn't really thought of Cathy in a sexual way before, but the way she was describing herself had me thinking again. Something was growing down below.
Cathy saw me shift and remarked, "Sorry, am I making you uncomfortable?"
"No," I lied "Bit stiff in the lower back."
She nodded and took a sip of coffee. "Yeah, these chairs aren't the best." She looked at me "I'm not boring you, am I?"
"Not at all Cath." I honestly replied.
=====
She caught a taxi to the party but had a jacket over her shirt. When Cath got there the jacket and her handbag went onto a pile of others, and she drew some admiring looks from guys. That was nice. The birthday boy, Damien, insisted on giving her a long hug and had a hard time trying to keep his eyes on her face to thank her for coming. Cath didn't mind the attention at all. It had been pretty scarce over the years, and it felt nice. She gave Damo, as he liked to be called, a peck on the cheek, and went off to get one of her wine coolers.
She had a good time. Talked to a few people from Uni, danced with some guys. And girls. Got her smallish boobies bouncing, which attracted a fair bit of attention. Won the wet t-shirt contest that apparently was in Damo's honour. He got to spray all the girls with water and did a close inspection of their assets. Cathy thought she won because not only did she undo her shirt for a better assessment, but it was pretty obvious she shaved everywhere.
=====
She laughed. "I got into the habit when I was swimming competitively. Legs, underarms, pussy hair, all gone. I managed to lose my underwear just before the competition. Funny about that. I guess I must have flashed my bits as I was dancing."
=====
Damien gave her another long hug and had a feel of her tits for winning. He announced that the prize was a pint mug of a cocktail he created. She thought he called it a "Log Splitter". The catch was she had to down the entire pint glass in one hit.
Damo went inside to mix the ingredients. Cath sat down. Her head was spinning. She wasn't much of a drinker, and the six wine coolers were starting to hit home. She leaned back and closed her eyes to try and stop the spinning.
"Here, puss, puss, puss!" she heard Damo say. She sat up and opened her eyes to see him and a few other guys looking at her vaj. Her skirt had ridden up and she had spread herself wide for all to see. She sat bolt upright, crossing her legs and pulled her skirt down as far as it would go.
"Bit late for that," Damo smirked. "You should be proud of it. It looks fantastic."
Cath blushed big time. It was the first time a guy had seen her naked pussy, and in front of an audience too...
He handed her the drink. "Here you go. Down the hatch!"
She sniffed the concoction, but could only smell orange and pineapple juice. One deep breath, an internal "Here's to being popular!" and she drank with the party yelling "Skol, Skol Skol!". It hit her like a hammer. "Oh wow!" Cath slurred "That's some drink." She tried to look at her fingers but her eyes couldn't focus on them. "Fuck. This was a bad idea." a voice in her head was saying. Cath tried to nod, but things were spinning too fast to concentrate. She uncrossed her legs and sat back to an appreciative round of applause and whistles. Cathy gave them a little wave. "Oh, this is really bad." she thought. As the drink hit home the idea of being nearly naked in front of a crowd bothered her less. A small part of her brain was still unaffected and it tried to hold onto the thought that this wasn't normal. The drink wasn't normal. Whatever was going to happen next wasn't normal. Then that final area succumbed to the drink.
Damien smirked, "It's not called the leg splitter for nothing!"
"Oh." thought Cathy blearily "Leg splitter. That makes more sense."
Damo sat down beside her. Her shirt was loosely tied at the front, and her boobs were roaming free. He started to chat with her, but his eyes never left her tits. She had no idea what they talked about. Things just spun around and around and around. Someone got her a large glass of water, and eventually, the world stopped moving too much. Damo had one arm around her waist and was running his other hand up and down her inner thigh.
Cath tried to focus on what he was saying. It was something like he's had a great party so far, and would she like to make it even better? His hand inched higher up her leg, and it was pretty obvious to her what he wanted, even in her wasted state.
She was trying to think of what to say when his fingers touched her high up between her legs. It was like an electric shock had fired up her body, and it started to work on automatic. Her legs seemed to snap open all by themselves, and Damien took this as an invitation to slide a finger inside her. Cathy just let out a little sigh.
=====
Cathy stopped talking and looked up at me. " I suppose you think I'm a bit of a slut?" she said sadly.
I didn't know what to think. Cath had painted a pretty vivid picture of the night, probably because of her journalism background. It's hard to put yourself in someone else's situation, and I've learnt over the years that life isn't simple. I'd certainly done things that would be judged harshly by others without knowing the full story. Having sex with my niece, for instance. I scratched my chin and said diplomatically "Well, we've all made choices that may not have been great when you look back at them."
She gave a sad laugh. "Yeah, I guess. Would you like another coffee?"
"Always,'' I replied. I followed her out to the kitchen. It was a pretty big house for two people. I asked if it was just her and Zac that lived here.
Cath replied that her mum and dad used to live here with them, but when her dad died about five years ago, her mum moved to a retirement home where she could be near her friends and medical care if needed. Cath thought it was also to give Zac and herself some space, which she was grateful for.
In the kitchen, she started up the espresso machine. It was a ritual she apparently enjoyed. "Nothing worse than instant coffee," she explained. "Do you want to see my training room while it warms up?"
"Sure," I replied. Cathy hadn't said a word about what she had said earlier. I thought it best to leave it until she wanted to talk. To be honest my head was reeling. I did know that I wanted to see her naked - just to confirm the image in my head. Nothing sexual, I lied to myself. I followed her into another room.
"And this is it!" she waved her hand to a large room with polished wooden floorboards, mirrors along one wall, big windows and various pieces of gym equipment in one end.
"Wow!" I said, looking around. "This is amazing!"
"Yep," she said proudly. "Apparently it was a music and dance room when the house was built, then a billiard room. When I started seriously swimming competitively dad turned it into a gym. I was ten. He thought I'd be in the Olympics. Never got past the Nationals." She walked over to the side of the room and opened the french doors overlooking the garden. "I love it. Just looking out here is really soothing."
I looked closely at the wooden floor and twisted my foot on it. "Beats my house. I don't have enough room to swing a cat, never mind a decent roundhouse kick. Best I can do in the house is push-ups."
Cathy smiled warmly. It was good to see. "I'm pretty lucky I guess." She looked at me with her head slightly tilted. "You're welcome to train here if you want to get a bit extra in. Rebecca can come along as well. Zac really wants to show her his Pokémon collection."
Becca and Zac got on really well because of their shared love of Pokémon. Go figure... I nodded "Sounds good. Particularly closer to tournaments. I need all the practice I can get."
Cath gave me a sly grin and started walking back to the kitchen "Yes you do. Well, I'll have to make sure I dress appropriately then. I normally train naked..."
"Oh shit! Cathy, did you have to say that?" I groaned to myself. My hard-on had calmed down, but it instantly came back and I knew I was going to have a large damp patch on my pants. And I was supposed to go back to the office.
We took our coffee back to the lounge room and sat down. Cathy asked if I really had time for this.
I shrugged and said that family and friends in real need are more important to me than work.
She beamed. "Thanks. I don't have a lot of friends around here anymore. Do you want me to go on?"
"Sure," I said. I wanted to know where the seven guys came into the scene. It was like a porn movie was playing in my head. I reminded myself that this was a friend who was baring her soul to me, so settle down...
"Ok," Cath said "So Damo was fingering me and playing with my boobs in front of probably ten people at his party. I was pretty wasted."
=====
Cath looked down in disbelief at the finger sliding in and out of her. She reached down with both hands to open herself wider to see better. Damo took the opportunity to add another finger and started rubbing her inside front wall. Cath groaned and opened her legs even wider. The audience applauded. She could feel everyone's eyes looking at her pussy but she didn't care. She had been waiting for someone, anyone, to take an interest in her sexually and tonight was always going to be it. She didn't think Damo was particularly good looking, and he was a bit...
"Oh fuck!" she groaned. Damo had knelt on the ground and started licking her clit while keeping his fingers sliding in and out of her increasingly damp cunt. She had worked herself to an orgasm with different items since she was younger, but this was way better. The adrenaline that was starting to surge through her body also was starting to clear her head. Another fog was taking over from the alcohol though.
"Geez, you're tight. What's your name again?" Damo asked.
"Cathy. Oh, fuck that's good. Never had anyone do this to me." she groaned.
Damo stopped rubbing her "Sorry? What? Never? Are you a virgin?" he asked in disbelief. He spread her vagina open and looked inside. "Seriously?"
"Yes, please keep going Damien. I never thought this would feel so good." Cath replied breathlessly.
"Well, yes ma'am. I think you, as a virgin, should be fucked as well. What do you think people?" he asked the audience, which was gradually growing. A cheer went up. Damo had started ramming his fingers up Cath's cunt again. "Well, the crowd wants me to fuck you, Cathy. Do you want me to fuck you? It'll be a great birthday present for me. I've never had a virgin."
Cath looked down at him fingering her and rubbing her clit with his thumb. Between the alcohol and her longing for sex, all her self control had gone. "Fuck me Damo. I need to be fucked. I want to feel your dick inside me. Do it here. I don't care. Just do it."
He changed instantly. As soon as Cath asked him to fuck her, he became more aggressive with his hands and his attitude. "Well Cathy, you came here dressed like a school slut, you deserve to be treated like one. Go over to that table and lean over it face down now. And call me Sir! I'm going to teach you a lesson you won't forget." he sniggered.
"Yes Sir!" she instinctively replied and walked over towards the table. "Why did I say that?" she thought as Damien slapped her hard on the arse as she went by.
"That's a good slut. I'm going to own you now." He gave a short, hard laugh.
Cath didn't know what had happened, but she didn't really care. Part of her thought that she really wasn't acting normally. Another part said to shut up and enjoy. She leaned over the table with her legs apart, with every part of her body on view.
Apparently, that wasn't good enough for Damo. He slapped both arse cheeks hard. "Grab your bum cheeks and spread them. Everyone wants to see my new favourite whore's arsehole and cunt."
She did as he asked. He shoved his thumb up her anus, and two middle fingers up her vagina. He roughly slid them in and out of her, slapping her arse with his free hand. Cathy moaned with the unusual feelings it was giving her. "You're going to be a great fuck and a better bowling ball." laughed Damien. "Damn you're wet. You really want this, don't you slut Cathy? Tell me what you want me to do!"
"I really want this. I want you to fuck me Sir." moaned Cath.
"Say please. You want to be a bad slutty schoolgirl?" ordered Damo.
"Please fuck me, Sir. I really want to be a bad slutty whore for you." Cathy quietly whispered.
=====
Cathy stood up and stretched. "I'm going into too much detail, aren't I?" she asked.
"Ummm, you're painting a pretty vivid picture," I replied. "It's probably a bit late now, but are you sure you want to give me this level of detail?"
Cathy looked at me with a faint smile on her face and shrugged, "I never thought I'd tell anybody any of this, but you're someone I just trust. I haven't met a lot of people I can talk to about this, so I'm grateful for you just listening and not judging my past." She shrugged again "As for the details, I'm a feature writer. It's a habit. I can tone it down if you want."
I took a deep breath and said "Ok, well, tell me however you want. As your friend, and in the spirit of sharing intimate things I have to tell you that I have this huge erection that doesn't want to go away. My penis is loving the story, but my head knows how hard this must be for you to tell."
Cathy looked at my damp crotch with an amused expression on her face. "Sorry, can I get you anything? Maybe some paper towel?"
I nodded "No need to be sorry. It's my dick that's misbehaving. Some towel might be a good idea though."
Cathy went off to the kitchen while I tried to get my dick to behave. I wasn't successful. I was feeling really weird about this whole thing, but it was too late not to hear more. And I wanted to hear more. Cath came back and handed me the paper towel. I took it, turned around and stuffed it down my pants over my leaking dick.
Cath started talking again, but she was pacing back and forth. I sat down. "Geez, I was an idiot. A genuine desperate, lonely, sex-starved idiot. What was I thinking? I hoped someone would notice me, but having that sleazy bastard fuck me... It makes me so angry thinking about it now. Particularly since I found..." She sat down but didn't finish that sentence. "Before the party, I wanted to lose my virginity but not bent over a table in front of a bunch of leering slobs. There were only his friends around. Everyone from Uni had left for another party." She looked out the window. "After that drink, I was happy to spread my cheeks for everyone to view my privates, as long as I was going to be fucked. Damo didn't let anyone else touch me then. I was his prize. His mates all came up for a close look of my vagina with his fingers fucking me. I know there are pics of it all out there, but what can I do now? I have to own my mistakes." She sighed. "Anyway, so I was his bowling ball."
=====
Damien continued to ram his fingers into Cathy's holes. He slapped her arse and invited the audience up to view her bits. She didn't care. It felt good to have someone play with her cunt. He seemed to know the right spots to hit to get a reaction from her body. She bit her bottom lip as he found all her sensitive spots. She couldn't believe how nice it felt having someone play with her. Damo pulled his fingers out and wiped them on her skirt. "Right slut Cathy, time for you to be fucked for the first time. I don't believe that. That's awesome! How old are you? Twenty-two, three? And still a virgin!"
Cath said she was 22. Sir.
"Well, my virgin whore, meet my dick." He kicked her feet sideways to open her up more, flicked up her skirt and...
Cathy felt nothing. Well, not quite nothing. She didn't really know what to expect but she thought it should be better than his fingers. Damo's hands were on her hips, and he was slapping his pelvis against her arse, but.... She didn't say anything. Concentrating on the feelings in her vagina, she did feel him sliding in and out. It was not what she had expected. She wasn't sure if it was the booze numbing her bits or what, so she just relaxed and let Damo go.
"How are you slut?" Damo asked.
"Very good, Sir," she answered sullenly.
Damien laughed. "I'm going to cum soon and I'm going to launch it all over your arse."
"Thank you, Sir." Cath had watched enough crappy porn on girls nights to figure out that's what he probably wanted to hear. She sighed. "This is really disappointing." Cathy thought.
Damo grunted and Cath felt him pull away. Something warm and sticky landed on her bum and legs. "Well Cathy, you are now officially fucked. Congrats." Damo announced to applause from the onlookers, and he gave her arse another hit.
Cathy stretched up and looked around. Damien had already packed his gear away. That also was disappointing. She wanted to see her first fucker close up.
"Time to go, my new favourite non-virgin whore. I have to be on a plane in six hours. Back to work." Damien explained that he was a welder on an oil rig, and worked four weeks on, two weeks off. He gave her a peck on the cheek, squeezed her boobs, smacked her arse again, pointed her to the door and told her he would see her when he came back. Be ready, he said.
Cathy collected her jacket and handbag on the way out and was left standing outside Damien's house wondering what the fuck had just happened. She looked at her phone. It was about 3 am. The only taxis around at this time were driven by lecherous old men who spent more time looking in the mirror than the road. She'd had enough of that sort of attention for the night. She decided to walk back to her dorm. The fresh early summer air would do her good, and it was only about a mile. Cath was glad she was wearing the hightops not heels though. She looked around, and not seeing anyone, quickly took off her shirt and put on her jacket. She used the shirt to wipe Damien's semen off her and stuffed the shirt into a nearby bin. It was pretty much ruined anyway after his efforts. Her head had cleared a fair bit so she tried to contemplate what had happened on the walk home. It made her head hurt again.
Monday, Cathy was dreading going to class. The early night antics of dancing and drinking were fine. That was fun. Flashing her tits and lower bits was part of the night's plan, but she wasn't proud of the fuck. Having sex was on the wishlist but not like that. She really hoped that nobody she knew had been watching. After a week it appeared that no one had been a spectator to that part of the night. Well, no-one mentioned anything directly to her. A few classmates that never said much to her previously came up and had a chat. She was invited to a couple more parties and asked if she would wear the same outfit. She laughed and replied no, it was too much effort. A couple of the guys that approached her were really cute. "Where were you three years ago?" she thought.
She spent a long time thinking about the night with Damien. What he said, what he did, how she reacted, how everyone else reacted... Cath had jotted everything down in a journal and treated it like research for an article. She didn't really know anything about her first fuck, so she started to investigate his background. Damien actually was a welder on an offshore oil rig. He started as an apprentice with his dad and made a shit load of money. His parents had retired and spent their time travelling around the country in a huge motorhome, leaving Damo to live in their house when he was off the rig. He held a lot of parties, and they were pretty popular because he threw a lot of cash at them. He thought any excuse to get pissed was a good one. He thought he was a "Ladies Man", and seemed to have a knack for zeroing in on women who were like Cathy - a bit lonely and desperate. And that was about it.
Initially, she was stewing inside about the way he tossed her out of the house after sex, but after a month she had rationalised his behaviour to the fact he had to leave for work later that morning. Cath tried to find out who his previous conquests were, but her heart wasn't in it. She didn't really want to know.
=====
"I wish I'd dug just a little bit deeper now. Some days I swing from 'He spiked my drink and he raped me' to 'I deserved it. I wanted him to fuck me. I told him to do it.' I still really don't know for sure where the truth lies. I guess it's somewhere in the middle." Cathy stood up and walked to the window and looked at a clock on the sideboard. "Crap, I'm going to have to go and pick up Zac from school soon." She turned to me beaming "Thank you so much. You've no idea how much better I feel. I'd like to tell you the rest soon if you want me to?"
I stood up awkwardly and stepped over to her. I reached out and squeezed her hands gently. "That's a hell of a story. I don't know what to say. Of course, I'll listen to the rest if you want me to."
She squeezed my hands back. I was trying not to imagine what lay under those loose clothes by focusing very hard on her face. "I'm never far away. Just give me a time," she replied. She had no problem looking at my crotch. "Umm, if you want to tidy up - down the hall. Second on the right."
I looked down to see a definite wet patch growing on my chinos. They were navy, but it still was pretty obvious what was happening. "Yep. That might be a good idea." and went down to her bathroom. I still had a raging hard-on. Watching porn is one thing, but having someone describe their experiences in such detail was mind-blowing. I went into the bathroom and closed the door.
I knew I had been seriously leaky. I took off my pants and underwear and removed the paper towel around my dick. It had tried hard but failed to stem the steady flow of pre-cum. I looked around for a washcloth to clean up with. I didn't see one but I spied her dirty clothes hamper in a corner. With one hand trying to stop any dribbles I opened the lid. Right on top was one of Cathy's bras and a pair of her underpants. A red thong to be precise. The bra looked to be a sports one like I had caught a glimpse of at training and it just called to me. I'm unashamedly a boob man, so with a guilty look at the door I reached down and picked up the bra. Cath is a 40B apparently. Solid woman. I held it to my nose and took a deep breath. It smelt wonderful. There was a hint of sweat, a bit of fragrance, but mostly the smell of Cathy's natural scent. I inhaled deeply again. Beautiful.
I looked around and saw a hairdryer near the sink. A random thought was unconsciously forming in my mind. I dropped the bra and used a dirty t-shirt to sponge my pants and undies clean-ish. I hung them on a chair and tried to aim the hairdryer at them. I turned it on high. I retrieved the thong out of the basket and looked closely at it. It was tiny. It smelled a bit different to the bra - no perfume, but had the natural undertones of Cath. I started to use it to clean my cock. Well, that's what I told myself, but I knew I was really just wanking myself with her underwear. I picked up the bra, put it to my face and closed my eyes. My hand slowly stroked my dick back and forth in her thong. Images of her talk floated through my head. The scent of her caressed my nose. My hand moved faster. The hairdryer sounded like a hurricane. I was drowning in lust. I tried to get more of her smell into me. I opened my mouth and inhaled with a bra cup over my mouth and nose like it was a respirator. The flash of red thong looked like Cathy's pink pussy to my slightly crazed mind. I grunted and sperm sailed into the sink.
I shuffled closer to the sink and let everything drip down. I shook my head and looked in the mirror. "You crazy... What was that about?" I squeezed myself empty and washed my cum off the sink and surrounds. I took one last sniff of her bra and tossed it, the thong, and the t-shirt back in the hamper. My pants were nearly dry so I turned off the hairdryer and got dressed. I went back to the lounge room.
Cathy asked if I was ok, as I'd been gone a while and she thought I'd got lost.
I laughed nervously. "No, things were a bit... Well, messy. I had to use a t-shirt I found in your clothes basket to clean up. I couldn't find a washcloth."
She smiled a nice, big room-filling smile "That's ok. I'll toss everything in the washer later."
We walked to the door. Cathy gave me a huge hug and kissed me on the cheek. "Thank you. I feel the best I've been for years. I didn't realise how much this has crushed me until now."
I kept the hug going. "My pleasure. I'll organise another day for next week?"
"Sure. I'll make some cookies." Cath said.
After Cath had picked up Zac from school, she took the clothes basket to the laundry. She looked at the dirty t-shirt, shrugged, and tossed it into the machine. She picked up the thong and felt something damp on it. Cath looked closely at the material and rubbed her fingers over the damp areas. It was sticky. She licked her fingers and sniffed the material. That wasn't her. She smiled. "You old dog. I wondered why you were taking so long." She put the thong into her pocket and patted it. "Maybe I'll use you later as well."
A couple of nights later we met at the dojo. Cathy looked happier than anyone had seen before. The change in her was really that noticeable. I felt pretty good that I helped her out, but I still felt a bit odd about listening to her story. We went through the bow in, and some basic exercises. As a tournament was coming up, next was light contact sparring. I was teamed against Cath, like normal. We faced off, bowed, and the instructor called "Fight!" Cath's right arm shot out straight and hammered into my shoulder. It didn't hurt but after months of not wanting to hit anyone, having her hit me was a real shock. "Guard up!" she grinned and kicked me under the ribs with a well-placed roundhouse kick. I smiled back, blocked another punch, and landed one of mine in her solar plexus. We continued for the two minute round, trading blows and trying to outmanoeuvre each other. After the bout, we were puffing like steam trains. We bowed to each other and as we shook hands Cathy whispered in my ear "I'm wearing that red thong for luck..." I looked blankly at her and then went "Ohhh. Okay...." I'm a bit slow at times.
Work owed me some time off for good behaviour, so I arranged with Cathy to go around to her house for a day. After the last session, I thought I might need it all. I also had a change of underwear in the car. Just in case.
I knocked on her door. I was thinking about what happened last time, what happened at karate, and her general happiness. Cathy opened the door and gave me a big hug. She had really become a hugger in the week. I didn't mind but it had scared a few people. She's a big girl, and it's like grappling with a sweet smelling bear. "Come in. I have cookies. And coffee. Always have coffee."
I sniffed the air and I smelled gingerbread. "I love gingerbread. How did you know that?" I asked.
"Bec told me," she replied. Seeing the shocked look on my face she hurriedly continued, "No, not recently. Last Christmas. I was going to bake cookies for everyone in the Dojo and I asked her then."
I breathed a sigh of relief. Bec didn't mind me helping Cath sort things out as she had become a friend of both of us. Coffee in the park was one thing though, but this would be very hard to explain. Mind you, Bec and I have had our own unusual incidents over the years, so maybe I was being too cautious.
I followed Cathy to the lounge room. She was wearing a yellow light summer dress that finished just above her knees and cut fairly low at the front exposing her minimal cleavage. Her hair was plaited in a way that wasn't as severe on her face as the usual ponytail. It was the first time I had seen her wear anything besides a tracksuit or her karate gi. She looked good, and I told her that when we sat down.
She blushed, smiled and giggled. "Thank you. I haven't worn this in ages. Mum bought it for me just after Zac was born but I never really felt like wearing it. Until now." She smiled, leaned over towards me enough to give a glimpse of her boobs and patted my knee. "Stay here. I'll bring everything in."
Cathy stood up and walked towards the kitchen, her dress flicking backwards and forwards over her thighs. I watched her walk down the hall, and as she opened the kitchen door she was illuminated by sunshine. I could see the outline of her body through the dress. Nice gentle female curves... and then she was out of sight. I took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled. She did look good.
I was standing looking at some photos on a side table when Cathy came back. She put the tray with the coffee and biscuits down and walked across to where I was. Most of the photos were of her at swimming carnivals. It looked like Cath was never a little girl.
"Looks like you had a pretty successful swimming career." I commented, "Why'd you stop?"
She picked up one of the photos and looked closely at it. "I'd had enough. The getting up at stupid o'clock to train, the bullshit politics with the swimming clubs and federation, the expectations that I should look like a glamorous mermaid, the ridiculous travel just to fail, the... Oh, just everything. I regularly made it to the Nationals and did pretty well but I was never selected to go further. I just quit. My parents said they understood my decision, but I think they were disappointed in me. I was swimming competitively for about ten years, then nothing." She put the photo down with a thump and sat down in the chair.
Another painful memory from her past, I thought. I sat down and ventured another question "What was training about?"
She brightened up. "You looked worried. Did I scare you?"
"Oh yes. You've never laid a punch on me before, and that was a good one. I wasn't expecting it. That was a great fight." I remarked.
Cath beamed "Thanks. I really had fun. Umm, the thong... I wasn't really wearing the one you... Well, used." She hurriedly continued before I could say anything "And that's ok. I fully understand. I really do. I'm actually flattered that you find me attractive enough to masturbate with my underwear. I was just trying to distract you."
I laughed. She was right. I couldn't concentrate after she'd whispered in my ear. "Cathy," I said earnestly "don't put yourself down. You look fantastic the way you're dressed now. If I was twenty years younger and single, I'd like to think we'd be having a different conversation."
She blushed big time and it looked like it ran down to her toes. She smiled coyly at me. "Well, who's putting who down? Twenty years wouldn't be a deal breaker to me." We looked at each other for what seemed an eternity, and then I had to break the spell.
"Ok, right. From memory, you had sex with for the first time with Damien. He had you bent over a table at a party. You were really drunk, and possibly the drink was spiked. After he shot his load over your bum he bundled you out of the house quickly and you walked back to your dorm."
Cathy nodded and picked up the story.
=====
After about five weeks and no word from Damien, Cathy thought he just considered her another conquest and had moved on. She wasn't too unhappy about that. During her research, and from what she remembered, she figured he was about 5' 8", wiry build, and had a face like a ferret. Pointy nose, thin face, high forehead, wispy moustache. She didn't have particularly high standards, but he wasn't the sort of guy she was normally attracted to. Anyway, she was walking back to her room after class one Friday and saw Damo leaning on a pickup outside her dorm. He waved and walked towards her. Cathy looked around. There were other girls in the area, but it sure looked like he wanted to talk to her.
"Hi Cathy, how's it going?" he asked brightly.
"Umm, fine Damo. How are you?" she replied cautiously.
"Great. Look, I've been trying to find you since I got back but I didn't have your number. I want to apologise for the party. I was high on a new drug that's supposed to be undetectable on a work drug test and it really messes with your head. It's awesome!" He took a step towards her, and she took one back. He held up his hands. "That's fair. I want to make it up to you. Would you like dinner? My treat. Any restaurant and you meet me there."
Cath looked at him closely. It was the first time she really had the chance to examine him. He actually wasn't that unattractive, but he was short. Cathy was used to that. She considered the offer. Mac and cheese were on the menu for dinner, and the offer of a nice meal was tempting. She shrugged her shoulders. "Ok, Damo. How about the Italian place on High St. I'll meet you out front about 7."
"Fine, see you there," he answered. He jumped back in his truck and roared off.
Cathy frowned as she watched him go. This was an unexpected turn of events. She went inside.
Cathy sat in her room. She picked up her notes she made after the party and flicked through them. She tossed them back on the table. She drummed her fingers. "Ah hell!" Cathy mulled over what Damo had said. His apology seemed sincere. New drug to avoid a drug test? Seen that in swimming comps. Dinner? Well, a public place, good food, and a healthy serving of scepticism. Should be ok. She stood up and found a pair of jeans and a shirt. She glanced at her watch. A bit after 4. She went to the shared kitchen, made an instant coffee and sat in the communal lounge. The coffee was terrible, as usual. Cath chatted to other students for a while then went back to have a shower and get changed.
Damo was waiting out front of the restaurant. He smiled and put out his hand to shake. Cath looked at him, a bit surprised.
"No kissing on a first date," he remarked.
"That's a bit rich, after what happened at your party," Cath replied sarcastically.
"And I'm sorry. Shall we go in?" Damo was trying to be nice. Cath wasn't buying the act though.
Damo had booked a table near the window. They sat down and ordered drinks, Damien a beer and Cath soda water. She wanted to make sure she stayed focused. Drinks came, and then the meal. Damien talked. He talked about all sorts of boring things, but mostly about welding.
Cathy was sure he would never get a girl normally because he was so dull. She was staring at her pasta when he started talking about his hobby, photography. She looked up in surprise. He was going on about how he was working really odd shifts compared to other rigs because of the site location, and he needed something to stop himself going crazy. He bought some decent camera gear and spent his downtime learning how to use it properly.
He handed over his phone and she flicked through the gallery. There were some really good shots. There were shots of the rig, a few of wildlife, and some of the workers. Cath was impressed by one series of photos taken at water level looking up at the rig. "How did you get those?" she asked. Damo said that the rig manager let them drop a lifeboat if it was calm so they could swim in the ocean. It wasn't really allowed, but it was called "Emergency Practice". He took the shots while swimming back to the rig.
Cathy was impressed, not only because of the photos quality but swimming in the middle of the ocean. She told him this, and remarked that she had really wanted to do competitive ocean swimming, but only got to do pool work.
Damo was intrigued. "So you like swimming?"
Cathy admitted to being a competitive swimmer, and she'd stopped when she came to Uni. Not quite true, but a reasonable explanation.
Damo got excited "Wow, that's great. I love water sports, but I'm no good at them. Do you still have your swimmers? I'd really like to take some action shots of you in the pool."
Cath considered his request. She hadn't been in the pool for nearly a year and she really missed it. "Ok. Tomorrow morning. Seven a.m. at the uni pool. One hour. I've got classes."
Damien looked at Cath with a bit of a smile on his face, then went back to his meal. They finished their meal in relative silence. Cathy thanked Damo for the meal and walked back to her room. He had offered her a lift, but she still didn't know if she could trust him. Anyway, she needed to think. Things were getting complicated in her head.
Cathy went into her room and sat on her bed and tried to think. He fucked her. He bent her over a table and fucked her. In front of a crowd. But she let him. Sure, alcohol was involved, maybe something else but at the basic level she wanted someone to ravage her. She sighed and stood up. Maybe getting back into swimming would help clear her head of Damien thoughts. She pulled out her swimsuit from the bottom drawer of her dresser and then went to the dorm bathroom.
Cath didn't have a large mirror in her room but she wanted to see how she looked. She stripped and stood in front of a full-length mirror. Cathy was never really worried about her looks, not like some other girls she competed against. She always thought she looked like a brick with legs, so even thinking about her looks now was a bit odd. She pinched her midriff and nodded. Not a lot of fat. More than when she was swimming, but not too bad. She tried to keep in reasonable shape with light gym work and walking everywhere.
Cath pulled on the black one-piece swimsuit. It was tight, but with a bit of stretching it settled down. She looked in the mirror again. The high cut for her legs plus the little bit of padding around her middle had given her a really obvious camel toe. She slipped her fingers under the material to try and re-adjust it out of her crack, but it kept crawling back. She shrugged it off. It was an occupational hazard for a female swimmer. Pervy male photographers loved it. She changed back into her normal clothes and went back to her room for an early night.
Cathy was at the pool at 5.30 a.m. There were a few committed people who looked curiously at the newcomer. She nodded towards them and went to the locker room. She got changed and walked to the starting blocks. In her mind, she was back to her last competition. She stood on the block, adjusted her goggles, and dove into the water. It felt wonderful. She loved the feeling of the water gliding over her skin, and how its coolness immediately made her feel better. She had to admit, she loved swimming but hated competition. She broke the surface halfway along the pool and settled into an easy freestyle stroke. It wasn't her favourite, but it was an easy, relaxing warm-up. She spent an hour running through her old training warm-up routines, then started some butterfly. Cath loved this stroke. It was difficult to master as it needed good strength and stamina. Cathy had both to spare.
Cath saw Damo arrive and pointed to the shallow end. She swam to meet him. "Right," she said. "Get your camera ready and stay put. I'm doing two laps of butterfly and then we can talk about what other photos you want." Damo nodded and grabbed his camera out. Cathy started back using her competition level stroke. Damn, it felt good. She smiled to herself. She had a trick she wanted to show off and hoped Damien caught it.
She started to build momentum, arms whirling, legs kicking in sync, body arching out of the water, just skating along the surface like a surfer on a wave before plunging under like a dolphin. She turned at the end and lifted her effort further. What she was planning was an all or nothing shot. Her focus moved to sensing the pool rather than looking at where she was. She was closing in to the end near Damien.
+++
Damo watched her swim away. He shook his head. Anybody that could make the butterfly look easy had his admiration. He started to take photos of Cathy swimming. He wanted to move to the side, but she was very clear that he was to stay put. She turned and started back towards him, her body nearly completely out of the water. He noticed her tits, which he thought were a bit on the small side, were practically invisible in her swimsuit. He focused on her coming towards him. When she was about 15 metres out he became concerned. She wasn't slowing down. She was actually going harder. He lowered his camera and yelled at her to stop.
+++
About 5 metres from the end of the pool Cathy had a quick look. She was in a good spot for her plan and made a slight adjustment to her stroke. With one final whirl of her arms, her hands slapped down on the pool edge and with an almighty kick launched herself out of the water. She landed in front of a terrified Damien, stood up, leaned forward and roared in his face.
+++
She wasn't stopping. He stepped forward just as this black monster flew out of the pool and screamed at him. "Holy fuck!" Damo said weakly, taking two steps back. He regained his composure. "That was the most insane, terrifying but awesome thing I have ever seen! Now I know how a penguin feels when it's about to be eaten by a killer whale."
Cathy stretched and smiled. "I hope you got a photo of that. I'm not doing it again."
Damo shook his head. He still felt a bit pale. That girl had some strength.
=====
"How the hell can you do that?" I asked, completely dumbfounded. I was trying to figure out what sort of effort Cathy would have needed to lift herself completely out of the pool. "That should be impossible!"
Cathy shrugged her shoulders. "A lot of practice and good timing. Plus a large slab of luck. And the right pool. A couple of us could jump out of the shallow end of the pool without touching the sides. It then went from there. I was the only girl in the team that could do it, but only sometimes. If the coach saw us, we were in trouble as we could have been hurt badly. We didn't really think of that though."
She stood up and leaned over from side to side, then backwards and forwards towards me. I think she forgot she was wearing a dress as it was very obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. Her tits were beautifully free. They were pretty much as I imagined them. Pert, firm, with large dark brown nipples pointing slightly outwards. I unconsciously licked my lips at the view and as the memory of her bra invaded my brain. It took a lot of effort not to reach out and give her nipples a tweak. I was glad I took precautions and wrapped my dick in layers of paper towel. I knew I was leaking badly.
Cath walked to the window and looked out. "Do you mind if we sit outside? It's too nice a day to be in here."
I agreed and picked up the tray of coffee and biscuits and followed her into the back yard. It was nice out there. The late summer sun filtered through the green trees, and her flower beds were in full bloom. You could just see and hear the ocean through gaps in the vegetation. Cathy walked to a bench seat towards the back of the yard and sat down. I placed the tray on a small table and looked quickly around for another seat. I couldn't see one, so I sat next to her. The seat was rather small for two rather large adults. Our hips and shoulders were pressed hard against each other. We unsuccessfully tried to make a bit of space between us. I don't think either of us actually minded the close contact. I certainly didn't. She leaned forward to pick up the plate of gingerbread, and there were her boobs again. I tried not to make it obvious I was staring at them, but Cath must have sensed I was looking down. She sat back up and readjusted the front of her dress. "Sorry, I normally go braless around the house. I forgot it when I got dressed this morning. Habit I guess..."
I wondered if that was true. I didn't really mind though. They just added to the view. "Nothing to be ashamed about. I think your boobs look great. I guess they got a bit bigger after Zac was born." It felt a bit surreal talking to another woman about her tits in such a casual way.
She gave them a fair squeeze. "They did grow a bit. My nipples certainly did. I was really quite flat chested until I became pregnant. Being flat is good for swimming, not so good for attracting a boyfriend." She gave me a mischievous grin and shrugged her shoulders. The dress fell down to her waist.
I looked directly at her boobs. I thought it would be impolite not to after the effort she obviously made to get them out into fresh air. As I watched her puffy brown nipples hardened and protruded a good half-inch from her breast. I dragged my eyes from her tits and looked at her face. She had a faint smile as she looked back. "I didn't think it was that cold today," I commented dryly. "You really didn't forget your bra, did you?"
She grinned and tugged her nipples. I didn't need that. She really was having fun teasing me. "Guilty. It was a spur of the moment thing. I had a bra on earlier when I took Zac to school, but I took it off when I got home. I have either sports bras or crop tops and neither work with this dress. I think I look better without one. I don't really need the support." She dropped her hands and looked me in the eye. "What do you think? Are my boobs firm enough to go without a bra?" I looked closer at her. Cathy was smiling but there was a hint of pleading in the look. I think she wanted some acknowledgement that she was desirable as a woman, even if it came from a married guy twenty years older than her. From what she'd told me so far, I don't think she had ever had that confirmation from anyone before.
I smiled back at her and turned slightly in the seat towards her. My mind was racing, trying to weigh up my marital responsibilities versus my desire to take care of our emotionally fragile friend. I made a choice, one I hoped I could explain to Bec and she would accept.
My left hand lightly rested on Cath's back below her neck and I rubbed it from shoulder to shoulder. My right hand reached out to cup her right breast, and I gave it a gentle squeeze. She sighed quietly. I rubbed her back in a big circle and flicked her nipple with my thumb while I answered. "They feel pretty firm to me. I think if you went out with that dress on you'd attract some admirers. Bra or no bra." I gave her boob another squeeze and spontaneously kissed her exposed shoulder. It just seemed the right thing to do. "I'd like to see how they bounce before I pass final judgement. How about giving me twenty star jumps?"
Cathy put her hand over mine and we both squeezed her boob hard. She looked relieved and delighted with my comments about her looks. "Hmmm. Tell you what. How about we both do the normal karate warm-up routine?"
I looked a bit dubious. "I'm game, but I'm not exactly dressed for it."
Cathy countered this with "My dojo, my rules. You dress the same as me." With that, she stood up and let her dress slip to the ground. She hadn't been wearing anything under that light summer dress. I stared in admiration at her firm, sleek body. There was no doubt she was an athlete. She looked truly Amazonian. Statuesque, athletic, beautiful to watch with the dappled light through the surrounding trees hitting her lightly tanned body. She had complained previously she had put on weight after she had Zac, but I didn't see it. I couldn't believe Cathy had been hiding her wonderful body under layers of bland grey clothing.
I took a deep breath and exhaled. "Cathy, you look fantastic. You should dress like that more often. Well, not naked. You know what I meant."
She blushed. Her face turned red and I watched the flush flow down her body towards her toes. Her nipples popped out, her boobs changed colour, and... Well. It was the first time I noticed her fanny. I swear it started to enlarge while I watched. There was just a small curly knob of her inner labia poking out, just waiting for someone to say hello. The other thing I noticed was that she was smooth. Completely hairless on her body. I couldn't even see any sign of hair follicles on it. The only thing that was a bit jarring to the Amazon image was her glasses. I didn't say anything else. I pursed my lips, looked her up and down, nodded a couple of times, and stripped off. This was stretching boundaries...
We faced each other as if we were in the Dojo. Fists in front, waist high. Feet slightly apart. Cath looked at me for what seemed like forever. I was feeling a touch embarrassed. The karate gi hid a lot of fat, but that was now out in the air for examination. Oh, and my dick was waving gently in the breeze.
Amazon Cathy smiled. "For an old fart, you look pretty good. I think you've lost a few pounds."
I smiled back. "Thanks for noticing. You don't need to lose anything. You look great." I looked at her face with great difficulty. "So Senpai Cathy, since this is your training session, where do you want to start?"
"Miss the bow-in, but start the warm up. Ok?" She asked.
"Yes Senpai," I replied. We went through the initial joint warm-up routine facing each other. Toes, ankles, knees, arms, shoulders, neck, hips. That was challenging watching Cathy's mound swing towards me, then circle away.
"Ok. Thirty star jumps. Think you can keep your mind on the job and not stare at my boobies?" ordered Cath.
"Sure." I lied. "As long as you stop looking at my penis."
She giggled and blushed again, then started counting. "Ichi, ni, san, shi..."
We both did terribly not looking at each other's bits. Cathy was watching my hard dick wave at her, and I was watching her tits move in time with her jumps. They were pretty firm. There wasn't a lot of movement, confirming my earlier squeeze. I was fascinated by her nipples doing little jumps of their own as everything else moved up and down.
"Right. Twenty pushups," said Cath.
"Yes, but I hope you don't have ants in the grass. If I get bitten...." I said.
Cath finished "I'll rub some bite cream on it and kiss it better."
"Oooo, naughty," I answered. "So if your boobies get a bite. From an ant... You want me to do the same?"
"Yes please. That would be great. I have SO much trouble rubbing cream onto my tits." She gave me a huge cheeky grin. "Ok, down. Ichi, ni,...."
It was hard trying to watch each other as we did pushups. Cathy could drop right down so her nipples just brushed the grass. Me - it felt like my lower body was balancing on my cock. We finished and sat up facing each other.
"Damn. No ants?" Cathy asked.
"Nope. Same with you?" I stared hard at her boobs.
"Bite free." She replied while lifting them up so I could see underneath. Not that it was really necessary, but I appreciated the thought. We sat looking at each other for a bit, then Cath said "Ok. Last thing. Twenty partner sit-ups."
We moved closer to each other and I hooked my feet behind her ankles. We crossed our arms over our chests, and Cath started counting. Her feet were on the outside of mine, so the effect was her inner pinkness shone when she dropped back to the ground. It was fascinating watching her little clam open and close as she moved. It really was an enjoyable session.
We finished and sat up with our arms wrapped around our knees. We were both panting from the exertion. Cathy unhooked her ankles and spread her legs wider giving me a wonderful vista of her lower body. Her perfectly smooth, shaved mound, chewable labia, little pink pearl, and a small, dark hole to her vagina was presented for me to admire. It took a lot of restraint not to just lean forward and dive headfirst into her lap.
For her part, Cathy was looking intently at my penis. It was rock hard and aimed like a howitzer at her stomach. My soldiers had it loaded and it was ready to fire at the slightest provocation. She leaned forward to get a closer look, then looked up at my face. "You may find this hard to believe, but yours is the first live adult penis I've ever seen." She sighed. "I'd really like to do some fun things with it, but that's a step too much. Bec's my friend, and I really don't want to upset that by going too far. This is fun though. I didn't know how you'd react to me dropping my dress."
I'd picked up a small twig that was beside me and was idly snapping bits off. I took aim with a broken bit and tossed it at her pussy. It hit her dead in line with her crack, but a bit higher than I wanted. "Damn. Too high." I said. She giggled. I flicked my willy with the back of my hand. It waved up and down a couple of times, then resumed its guard over Cathy's assets. "I'm glad you like the look of this old thing. It's getting a bit worn out and doesn't get out much anymore. Takes a bit to start up nowadays, but it gets the job done once it fires up. Seriously though, you should have a chat to Bec. She's very understanding about personal things, and a good listener. I've had to give her a broad, non-specific overview of why I'm spending so much time with you, and she's happy with that. Being naked might be hard to explain though."
Cathy looked relieved. "That's good to know. I might just do that." She leaned forward and spread her legs more. Her hole opened up even wider. I stared at her deep, inviting cave. "There's one last thing I have to do before we grab some lunch, and I'd like you to watch. If you don't mind?"
She ran her hands lightly over her breasts and pinched her nipples. One hand gently slid down her front, and down her inner thighs. It retreated back to her clit and gently started rubbing. The other hand remained on her boobs, squeezing each one more forcefully. She was concentrating on my penis but occasionally looked up to see my reaction. I gave her a cheesy grin and two thumbs up, which got a laugh. Her hand that was up high, went low and Cath slid a finger inside herself.
"I don't mind watching you at all. Very nice work. Do you mind if I do my thing over here?" I asked.
Cathy smiled broadly and shook her head. "Please. I'd like to watch how you work it."
"Alright, boys. You heard the lady. You need to put on a good show. Annnnd ACTION!!!" I barked while gripping my dick and waving it in her direction.
"Stop it!" Cathy laughed, "You're making me lose focus and I'll have to start over."
"Sorry ma'am, we'll proceed in an orderly manner," I replied, and started stroking my cock. I leaned forward and dribbled on it to help lubricate my hand. I was watching Cathy masturbate with two fingers inside and rapidly rubbing her clit up and down. Sitting outside on the grass naked, watching a lovely woman take care of herself was a very pleasant way to spend a summer afternoon. I was happy there were no ants to disrupt the day...
I settled into my favourite up and back motion, with a quarter twist at the top. Cath had closed her eyes, and her breathing was becoming a bit ragged. I reached across the gap between us with my foot and lightly rubbed her inner thigh with my big toe. She opened her eyes, smiled, and asked for me to move it a bit more to the centre. She withdrew her fingers, and taking the hint, I slid my toe into the gap. It didn't go in very far but it did have the desired effect. Cath gasped, grunted, and exhaled loudly. Her clit fingers which had sped up dramatically slowed to a gentle tickle.
"Thank you. I just needed that push. I'm glad you have short toenails." she said breathlessly. She leaned back but pushed herself further onto my toe, then wiggled her butt.
I wiggled my toe inside her, then pulled it out wishing it was something else making that move. "Would you like me to finish? I really don't want to go inside like this. It'll stay up the rest of the day if I don't."
"Please do. I'd love to see it spray. Anything I can do to help?" she asked.
"Just stay right where you are. This won't take long." I started working myself again. Cathy had moved a bit closer and sat crossed legged. One hand went down and opened herself up for me to watch, and she moved one foot under my balls and let her toes rub against them. I started moving hard, stopping every now and then to get a bit more lubrication. Cath noticed this and dribbled into her palm, leaned forward and poured it over my dick. That did it. Three strokes later the soldiers pulled the trigger and my howitzer fired its load of sperm in a high arc towards Cathy. I hit her just below her belly button.
She wiped her fingers through my load and looked at it. "Impressive shot. It certainly works well for an antique." She wiped her hand on the grass. "I would have preferred not to be hit, but it was worth it. That looked amazing. It was like your stuff was coming at me in slow motion." She hesitantly licked the remains on her fingers. "Hmph. Interesting taste. Do all guys stuff taste the same?"
I had stood up to find her something to clean up with, and came back with some paper napkins from the coffee tray. I handed one to her and said, "Well, I can't say from experience, but I guess there are differences. I do know from experience vaginas taste different. Depends on a lot of things I guess."
Cath stood up and wiped me off her tummy. "Yeah, diet, health, hydration would all come into it I suppose. I can see why people like giving head. It'd be an acquired taste like nothing else." She reached around me and drew me in for a big hug, and kissed me on the forehead. "Thanks again for being a friend. I've been wondering if I was really unattractive or what the problem was with guys and myself."
I hugged her back. I'd hugged her at karate, but that was different from this wonderful experience. There, she had to break out of my hold and throw me to the ground, then stomp on me. I was barely able to reach around her. This was much more pleasant. With our bodies pressed hard together, I truly realised how tall Cathy was. I leaned to the side and kissed her on the cheek. Still holding her around her waist, I bent back a bit and looked up at her. "How tall ARE you?"
Cathy looked at me with an odd expression. "Six - one... Really? You're hugging a gorgeous woman and you want to know how tall I am? Are you mad?"
"Must be." I sheepishly replied. I hugged her tightly with the side of my head against her shoulder. I inhaled the warm smell of her workouts - the exercising of her limbs, and the exercising of her sex. I moved slightly and felt her hard nipples rub against my chest. I desperately wanted to do more with her. Kiss her all over, gently run my fingers all over her smooth, supple body, and slowly slide myself into her. I took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "I really like you Cath. You are a wonderful, great looking and fun woman. I could hold you like this forever."
Cathy scratched my back gently from the base of my neck down to my bum. I shivered involuntarily. "I could as well. This is what I thought my first time was going to be like. A great guy holding me, beautiful scenery, me really horny." She sighed, a deep, deep sigh of resignation. "And the great guy who wants to fuck me is a married old fart who can't punch his way out of a wet paper bag..."
I looked at her in surprise.
"Sorry Tom. That came out wrong. A little bit of bitterness got me." She hugged me tightly and started to cry. "I'm so sorry. Sometimes I get so lonely I just ache all over." She sniffed and looked up at the sky. "Believe it or not, the last year has been the best I've had for ages. The club. You. Rebecca. You. Here. Just listening. Just watching."
I gently took her glasses off and wiped the tears from her eyes, then smiled at her. "Come here." I reached behind her head and drew her face down to mine and gave her a long kiss on the lips. It wasn't a passionate kiss, more like an "It's going to be alright..." one. She broke off and buried her face in my shoulder, quietly sobbing. I placed my arms back around her and just gently rocked from side to side. I murmured quietly into her ear, "Shhh, it's going to be ok. Just relax, and let it all go." We stood like that for probably five minutes then Cathy stretched up, still holding me tight.
She wiped her eyes and looked at me with a small, embarrassed smile. "Sorry. I don't know what happened there. I was feeling fine, then a huge wave of emotion crashed over me." She sniffed, ruffled my hair and said "Ok. Mac and cheese for lunch?"
I squeezed her bum cheek and said that sounded great, then gave her glasses back. Cathy let me go and walked back to the house, not stopping to pick up her clothes. I watched her walk, hips gently rocking as she moved. She was so fluid and graceful in her movements, like watching a panther moving through the jungle. She stopped, put her hands on her tilted hips and looked over her shoulder at me. "Coming?"
"Yep. Just admiring the view from here." I looked her up and down, nodded, and gave an approving wolf whistle.
Cath beamed and bent forward spreading her cheeks wide, letting the sun shine on her holes. She gave her spread bum a wiggle, then resumed her walk inside.
I ran and caught up with her, slipping my arm around her naked waist. "Feel a bit better?"
"Yep. Hungry now." She put her arm around my waist and we walked inside.
Inside the kitchen I leaned against a wall and just watched while Cathy busied herself getting lunch ready, humming to herself. I looked carefully at her and thought about my niece, Sammy. She was getting on to be about the same height as Cath, and Sam was only a few years younger than Cathy when Damo fucked her. I shuddered. Sam was always much taller than her friends and hadn't had any luck with boys her age because of her height. Thinking about Sam in the same situation as Cathy made my skin crawl. I was glad she had found a boyfriend. I may have been Sammy's first sexual partner but having Joe in her life, even if it was only for a short time, would hopefully mean she wouldn't feel the loneliness Cath had felt for so long.
After lunch, we went back outside to the seat. Cathy leaned against me and gave me a quick kiss on my cheek. "Sorry about my brain snap. I really don't know what came over me."
I gave her a gentle squeeze on her naked thigh. It was starting to feel normal sitting together au naturel, just two friends having a chat in the sun. The urge I had to lay Cathy down in the grass and slide deep into her crevice had subsided to a manageable level. "No worries. You okay to continue?" I asked.
She nodded. "Yep. I feel fine." She reached over and gave my dick a squeeze, just for the hell of it I guess. "He seems to be a bit calmer. So, Damien and I were at the pool. I was hurting a bit after my killer whale impersonation, but I did a few more laps so Damo could get his photos. He's actually pretty good. Shame he's such a complete arsehole."
=====
They finished the shoot, and Cathy got out of the pool. She wrapped a towel around herself and wandered over to the table where Damo had set up a laptop. He'd transferred the camera memory card to the laptop and was waiting for the shots to finish downloading. He turned and smiled at Cathy. "That was fantastic. I think I got some great photos but if you can wait, I'd like to process the best shots before you see them." He opened up one file and turned the screen towards Cathy. It was a shot with most of her body out of the water, arms curled high ready to cut back into the pool. It was a traditional butterfly photo, but it was the first time a photographer had concentrated on her. She was impressed and felt a little bit proud.
"That's... a really good shot. I really like it. I'd like to see the rest as well. Can you do me a copy?" Cath asked.
"Sure can. And I can go one better. I've got a large colour printer at home that I can print up to poster size if you want." He shrugged. "Not much point having a photo if you can't display it properly. Tell you what. Have dinner with me tonight, come around to my house tomorrow afternoon after I've cleaned up the pics, and I'll print whatever you want."
Cath was starting to warm to Damien. There was still something niggling at the back of her head that said "Don't trust him!" but she figured she could trust him to a point. Just had to be careful. "Ok, it's a deal. What about dinner at the Mexican on Station St?"
"Sounds great. See you at 7." Damo packed up his gear and strolled out of the pool, leaving Cathy to mull over the morning. She looked up at the clock on the wall and panicked.
"Shit! I'm going to be late for class!" she thought as she grabbed her stuff and ran to the change room.
Dinner that night was really nice. Damo bought a couple of margaritas, and they toasted to a good morning. They then had a couple of Coronas and toasted killer whales. Then came a toast to penguins. Tasty penguins...
They talked about all sorts of completely random things. Cath thought Damien was actually good company when you got to know him, so she let her guard completely down and asked if he'd like a coffee at her dorm. He quickly agreed but said they'd better walk because he was pretty pissed. It wasn't far so Cathy didn't mind. It was a cool, clear night for a walk with someone who enjoyed her company. It was nice.
They walked into the dorm common area and went into the kitchen. Cathy put the kettle on and found two clean cups. "I hope instant's ok?" She handed a cup to Damien and walked to the communal lounge and found a seat. Damo followed her, looked around and chose a seat near her. He leaned over and started chatting to her. There were a few others watching a movie who looked curiously at the pair. Damo was pretty well known from his parties, but no one thought that he and Cathy would ever be seen together. Well, actually no one had thought they'd see Cath with anyone. It caused a bit of a stir.
After they'd finished their coffee Cath tapped Damo on his knee. "Come on. I can't think here." They dropped the cups in the kitchen, and Damo followed her to her room. He wasn't sure what she had in mind, but he sure liked where it could be heading.
Cathy opened her room door and waved him in. She propped the door open, then sat on her bed, tapping beside her. He sat down. She inched over a bit until they were touching. Cathy wasn't sure why she invited Damo back to her place. She was a bit tipsy but felt in control. Yes, he screwed her in a really humiliating way but the last couple of times together had been pretty fun. Maybe he was worth spending a bit more time with. She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Thank for dinner. I had a fun day." He turned towards her, and she kissed him on the lips.
Damo was pleasantly surprised. He liked Cathy, which was odd for him. He usually just fucked and dumped girls he got pissed at his parties. After his last party, he really had no intention of seeing her again but there was something about her that he couldn't quite figure out. It worried him, but she was a freshly deflowered virgin and maybe he just wanted another go at her cunt.
He returned her kiss and slowly slid a hand behind her head. He pulled her in tightly and slid his other hand over her stomach, gently rubbing it with a circular motion. She sighed, and hesitantly licked Damo's lips. Cathy hadn't been sure if she wanted this, but her body was starting to saying yes. "Damn it!" she thought. "He's got something..."
Damo responded by opening his mouth slightly and meeting Cathy's tongue with his. He rubbed his fingers through her hair gently massaging her scalp. The other hand stroked her midriff from just below Cathy's boobs to just above her pubic area, going close but never quite touching her girly parts. Cathy let her tongue dive deeper into Damo and grabbed a handful of his hair. "Gotcha." Damien thought.
"Cathy and Damo sitting on a bed. Stop playing around and fuck her instead!" laughed a couple of students walking past Cath's door. Embarrassed, Cathy stood up and closed the door.
"Can you turn off the light as well? Adds a bit to the atmosphere," asked Damien.
"Sure. Can I get you anything first?" Cathy asked.
"Just you." Damo quietly replied. As well as photography, he liked fishing. He enjoyed working out what his prey should be attracted to, throwing out the right bait at the right time and waiting for a nibble, then slowly reeling in his catch without it realising that it had been hooked. His female conquests were exactly the same. This one was a bit different from the others, but he had her well and truly hooked. Now to finish her off.
Cath felt herself blush and flicked the switch, and sat back down beside him. She was feeling a little giddy after Damien's gentle touch and could sense herself getting excited. Still nervous, but definitely excited. Damien slowly removed her glasses and placed them on the bedside table. He stretched up and kissed her forehead, then her nose, each cheek, chin, and neck. The heel of one hand was firmly rubbing her jeans covered leg from the knee to a discrete point on her thigh. Just high enough for her to be aware of where he wanted to go, but not enough to cause her to twitch away. His fingers however gently caressed the inside of her leg. The contrast felt amazing to Cath.
Cathy sighed and moved her leg on Damien's upward stroke, forcing his hand higher. "You can go higher if you want. Much higher. Please." She spread her legs wider to emphasise her point.
Damien replied with a kiss on the neck and slid his hand up her leg, stopping about an inch away from her pussy. He started rubbing around her leg, front to rear, occasionally letting his thumb rub against the crotch seam of her jeans. It was like it was accidental, but Damo had it planned. He then slid his other hand under her shirt and moved it up her back under her bra strap. He let it linger there and slowly circled his hand down to the small of her back then back up to her neck. Cathy arched her back as Damo scratched the nape of her neck.
"Wait, let me help." Cathy took off her shirt and reached behind to undo her bra.
"Let me," asked Damien. He held Cath's face in one hand and kissed her. The other slipped under her bra strap and suddenly Cathy felt herself fall free.
"Impressive." Cath giggled as she slipped the bra off. She could just make out Damo looking at her boobies and... "Oh shit..."Damien had cupped one breast and squeezed the nipple, then started stretching and twisting it. She hadn't felt anything like it and it was starting to drive her crazy. One of her hands slid under the waistband of her jeans, looking for her clit. Damien slapped it away. "No! Mine. I want to make you happy." Cathy felt a bit hurt by the rejection but relented and turned towards Damo, kissing him more. She tried to reach for his crotch but he had his hips turned away so she couldn't reach easily. She went back to kissing him and stroking his face.
Damo kept up the kissing and boob work. His free hand moved to the zip of Cathy's jeans. He worked the heel of his palm hard up and down the zip a few times until he worked out where her clit was, then started kneading it like he was working bread dough. Cathy couldn't stand, well, sit up for it any longer. "Fuck, Damo. I have to lie down. You're incredible. How do you know what I want?"
Damien teased a nipple with his teeth, then let go and started to slowly remove her jeans. "I dunno. Listen, feel, look for a reaction. Guess I'm a natural." He pulled her pants and underwear off and tossed them to the other side of the room, then removed his shirt and carefully placed it on Cathy's desk chair. Cathy was now lying on her bed fully naked in the nearly completely dark room. This was much closer to her virginity removal fantasy. Except for the fact that she was in a small room on a single bed with people wandering by not even 10 feet away, and not some exotic beach location, the guy with her wasn't one of the gorgeous male swimmers she'd met, and her virginity ship had sailed. Oh, well... She relaxed and spread her legs so Damo could have free access to do whatever he wanted.
Damo was really good at bringing a woman to orgasm. He always had a knack for instinctively knowing what to do, but recently he'd had two willing coaches on the rig that helped him refine his techniques. He fell a bit short in most women's expectations - significantly shorter and thinner, being honest with himself, but he'd learned that women sort of forgot about that if they received a really great orgasm. Hell, some even came back for more without him trying to get them, particularly if they wanted to try an arse fuck. His pencil thin rod wasn't a threat to their sphincter, and he didn't care which hole he fucked. He'd probably fucked more tail than any of his larger dicked friends. Score for the win for the little guy.
Damien decided to lift the pace. His dick was getting anxious, and he wanted to collect Cath's anal virginity as well. He blew over the soles of her feet, which made her shiver, then up one leg to her cunt, then down the other leg. He then ran each hand up her legs, stopping at the top to massage her labia with his thumbs. Cathy groaned with pleasure and started moving her hips. He would have liked to watch Cath bite her own tits, but that wasn't possible for her. "Squeeze your tits. Let me see you stretch those nipples," he demanded. He reached into her cunt and grabbed each lip between his thumb and forefinger and gently stretched them out and away from her hole. He could feel her wetness on his thumbs, so after a quick look to make sure she was playing with her tits, he gave Cath's clitoris a short, sharp flick of his tongue, then slowly licked it like an ice cream. His fingers kept stretching and kneading her labia, keeping everything in motion.
Cathy was feeling really warm, and when Damo flicked her clit and started licking it, it felt like the fluids in her vagina was starting to boil. "Please get inside me. I'm going to explode and I need something inside me now." she moaned.
Damien responded by sliding the middle two fingers of one hand into her vagina leaving the pointer and little finger to rub between her thighs and labia. He then pulled out slightly, rotated his hand, and pushed it back in so his fingers could explore her upper wall. The other hand gently rubbed her pelvic mound with the thumb doing circles on her clit. Cathy started to breathe in short, sharp bursts. Damien could see one hand trying to escape to her clit but he just said "Tits!" and it retreated. Her hips were squirming on the bed so he increased the speed of rubbing and finger fucking. He kissed her upper thigh and quietly said "Good girl. Come for me. I can feel you. You want to cum. You need it. I want to feel you do it. Do it. Go on, let it out."
Cath felt her mind going. She'd brought on her own orgasms but what was brewing inside her was like nothing she'd felt before. Waves of heat were washing through her body, which was starting to arch up. She desperately wanted to rub her parts, but Damo had stopped that. One hand gripped her breast tightly, while she bit hard on the side of the other hand. She let go and screamed "OH FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK!" and her whole body quivered on the bed. Damien smiled with satisfaction. Another happy customer ready to fuck.
Cathy lay on the bed, panting with her arms crossed over her chest. Damien had one hand covering her vulva and was slowly running his middle finger up and down her crack occasionally dipping into her very wet vagina. She let out a groan partly from sexual relief, partly in response to what she could hear. There was a round of applause outside the door and someone yelled: "Go Cathy, go!"
"Ah crap..." she thought. Her room would now have a mark on the dormitory orgasm board against it. No keeping secrets in this place. She sat up and swung her feet over the side of the bed. Damien looked at her with surprise. He wasn't expecting her to stop now. That wasn't the plan. She kissed him on the forehead. "I'm sorry. That was fantastic but I can't keep going with that lot out there. Maybe tomorrow at your place?"
"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!" raged Damien in his head. Outside he tried to remain calm, but he was not happy. There was a reason he worked in the dark, and daylight was not his friend.
Women tended to make fun of his equipment when they saw it for the first time. Still, Cathy had cum big time and wanted more, so she was still circling the hook. He took a deep breath and told himself to suck it up. He stood up and forced a smile, even though she couldn't see it. "That's ok. I understand. You have to live here, and I guess it's pretty hard trying to have some fun without everyone knowing. Let's see what happens tomorrow."
Cathy stood up and went to hug Damo. One leg started to buckle underneath her, and Damien quickly moved forward to catch her. "Oops. My legs feel like jelly." She regained her footing and draped her arms over Damien's shoulders. "That was amazing. I never realised how intense a finger fuck could be. You've really got some magic in them." She bit her bottom lip with the memory. As Damo was ramming his fingers into her, she knew she wanted more sex. Her friends who were girls had described their exploits, and Cathy really felt left out. She wanted to catch up and have her own stories. "Look Damo, I was really looking forward to you fucking me but I've sort of lost the urge." She shivered. Damo was running his fingers up her side from her armpits to her hips, lightly giving her side boobs a brush with his thumbs on the way past. "I guess you're pretty disappointed, but I'd like to make it up to you. Fuck me however you want, whenever you want. No shit, no piss, no blood, but anything else I'll go with. If you can make me cum like that each time, I'll be a happy girl."
Damo stopped and looked up at her. Now there was an offer he couldn't refuse. "Well, ok. If you really want to. Have a think about it first to make sure, and let me know tomorrow. Say 2 at my house?" He mentally started to make a list of things he would do to her. It got pretty long, pretty quick. He knew she wasn't going to go back on that offer. She was hooked. He lifted her arms off him and put his shirt back on. "I'd better go. I want to get an early start on those pics of you." He kissed both her nipples and squeezed her bum.
Cath hurriedly found her clothes and put them on without bothering about her underwear before he opened the door. She turned on her desk lamp and gave Damien a long passionate kiss. "Thanks again. I'll see you tomorrow."
Damien left the dorm to another round of applause. He waved to the crowd, making a note of which women looked like potential easy fucks. Overall, the day was pretty good but he really needed to fuck someone. He pulled out his phone and looked at the time. It was still pretty early, so he decided to risk a call to a workmate.
"Hi Mick, it's Damo.... Yeah, I thought you were off rig. When are back on?.... Lucky. I'm back in three days. Yeah, I got the arsehole shift.... Well, now that you mention it, I do need to get fucked. Wanna help? ... Don't be rude. Your cunt could take three BBC's together and they'd still be lost.... I dunno - Is Anna around? Oh, ok. You and that fucking truck. Here's an idea - get that sledgehammer handle up you and I'll fuck your arse. Haven't tried that combination. That way you can still work on the engine - if I don't distract you... Now that's just mean, Canyon Cunt. Ok Michelle, I'll bring beer. See you in an hour. Yes, I'll bring my cameras. Never leave home without them." He hung up and smiled. Always good to have a backup plan.
======
Cathy shivered against me. The sun had dropped below the trees and a bit of cloud had come over. "I think we'd better go inside. I'm getting cold."
I reached over and tweaked a nipple. "I wasn't going to say anything, but I wasn't sure if you were excited or just cold." I put an arm around her and rubbed her knee. "Let's go."
Cathy leaned over and pinched my shrivelled dick. "Poor guy's getting cold also." She stood up and gathered her clothes. I did the same. "Damo always had a Plan B when it came to sex. I never saw it live, but he had a tiny dick. About 3 inches long and about half your diameter. He was a lousy fuck, but he made up for it with his oral skills." She started to walk back inside.
"Methinks you left yourself wide open with that offer, and I don't mean just your girl bits," I observed, following her in.
"Yeah, hindsight's a bitch. I was a bit groggy after he made me orgasm hard and I didn't really think about what I was saying. God, he was good." Cath said wistfully.
"Look on the bright side," I said. "At least you know what works for you now."
Cathy laughed and linked her arm through mine. "That's true. I've used some of his techniques but it's not the same by yourself." She gave me an odd look. I got the distinct impression that she would've liked me to try them on her. Very tempting....
Cathy made us yet another coffee and we sat naked in her lounge. She'd made no attempt to put something on, so I just followed her lead.
=====
Cathy got to Damien's place a bit after 2 and rang the doorbell. She heard him yell "It's open!" from somewhere inside. She opened the door and looked around. She had a rough idea of the house layout from the party so she made her way to an office she remembered. "No, I'm over here." Cathy turned and saw Damo grinning at her at the other end of the hall.
"I've finished a few shots, so I thought I'd hook my laptop to the TV. They look great on a HDTV. Come on, this way." Cath followed Damien into a large room with big recliner chairs and a huge television mounted on the wall. The outside wall was all glass but there were thick curtains that would block out any daylight. She was impressed. Cath didn't know anyone that had a home theatre.
"Nice setup. Do you have a popcorn maker?" Cath asked.
Damien laughed. He stepped forward and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Yep. It's called the microwave. This was a spare bedroom, but I convinced dad to turn it into a movie room. We've got a new Blu-ray player, wired speakers into the roof and walls, insulated the walls so we keep the noise down, and I've got it cabled to a computer server in my office so I can watch movies I made or downloaded. There's so much stuff that you can't get easily on Blu-ray. Come on, I'll show you that end of the system, then we'll get a drink if you want."
Cathy nodded. She wasn't particularly interested in the technology but Damien was excited about it, so she thought she should fake some interest. "I could go a coffee if that's ok."
"Detour via the kitchen then." He took a hard right and went over to an espresso machine. "No offence, but your instant coffee's crap. You'll love this." He checked the water and flicked a switch. "Ok, while that's heating up, this way." and headed back to his office.
The office was obviously another bedroom with built in robes along one wall. The space was dominated by a large printer and a desk with two huge monitors. She could see two computer towers and his laptop. There were posters on the walls and they looked like photos he'd taken of the rig he worked on. "Nice. So this is where the magic happens?"
Damo chuckled "Dunno about magic, but yeah, this is where I work." He pointed out the grunty computer he used to process the photos and videos he shot, the server he used to back up his work and stream to the movie room, and the large inkjet printer for, well, printing. "Do you do any photography in your journalism course?" he asked.
Cathy was a bit surprised he remembered what she did. "A couple of subjects. I wasn't really any good. The lecturer started going on about f-stops, ISO settings, depth of something. I tuned out. Writing's more my thing."
"Oh, it's not that bad. Digital cameras and Photoshop fix a lot of things. From what I see journalists, in general, are crappy photographers. That don't take the time to really think about a shot. Look, I'm a welder with an interest in taking photos. The difference is I'm patient, I take a lot of shots because digital space is free, and I only work on the best photos. If they're crap to start with, I can't fix them." He picked up his laptop and disconnected an external drive "My backups. I download the camera to the laptop, move it all to the drive, copy to the main machine and the server." he explained as he handed the laptop to Cathy. "Can you please take this to the movie room and I'll make the coffee."
Cath went back to the movie room and put the laptop on a table. Looking around, it was obvious Damien's family had a shit load of cash. Everything was of high quality. TV, chairs, drapes. Even the carpet was a thick wool pile. She had to admit, it was a nice place.
Damo came in with their coffee. "I made you a latte. Hope that's ok?" Cath took the drink and nodded, and he went over to the laptop. He reached into a drawer and pulled out a heap of cables and connected the tech. The laptop screen popped up on the TV. Cath was impressed. They had similar setups at Uni, but she'd never seen one in a house. Damien waved her to a seat and sat down himself with a mouse and keyboard. "I love new tech." he chuckled. " I can sit back here and work the laptop which also controls the server. It's awesome!" He went into a directory labelled "Cathy" and pulled up her photos. The screen was filled with smallish photos of her in the pool.
Cath's jaw dropped. He wasn't good. He was brilliant. She stood up and walked to the screen and looked hard at it. She shook her head in amazement and turned to Damo. "These are fantastic. You're really good."
Damo looked pretty happy and said "Thanks. Hang on and I'll bring them up individually.' A photo of her popped up with her diving into the pool. Her fingers had just broken the water. Another came up - the typical butterfly photo she saw at the pool, but somehow better.
Cath sat back down and leaned forward to watch the display. Damien was talking about what he did to enhance the photos but she wasn't really interested. She looked at him and asked if he could bring up some of his other works.
"Sure. I've got heaps of all sorts of things." He closed Cath's directory and opened another called "Rig". He then pulled up a series of photos and started talking about what was going on. Again, she didn't care about the explanation. The photos and the different techniques he had used was fascinating to her.
Damo was in the middle of describing how they launched the lifeboat for their illegal swims when the doorbell went. He jumped up "Sorry, I think that's my parcel. I bought a new fisheye lens and filters on eBay." he explained as he walked out.
Cath sat back and watched the screen while sipping her coffee. Damo was right. Instant coffee tastes terrible after a real one. After a while, the screen flickered and the laptop's screen saver kicked in with what looked like a random selection of photos on the drive. A seal, the top of the rig, nighttime sky, another seal. Cath looked at the door and frowned. Damien had been gone a while. She could hear a heated conversation. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw an interior shot of a room, a naked woman hanging by her feet...
Her head snapped to the TV just before the image rolled away. The lifeboat, Cath swimming....
She blinked. The photo was like a framed picture and looked like a woman hanging by her ankles with her face behind an engine block. Cath wasn't sure, but it looked like the woman had things in her vagina. She thought the picture had been titled "Tool Box."...
The mess on the rig, a shot of a party, another naked woman... This time the photo was of a blond wearing a chef's hat. She was covered in flour and it looked like she had a rolling pin up her. The title was "Creaming your cookies." Another photo of Cath, interior of an airport, a truck being fixed....
Damien came back in. "Sorry about that. He gave me the lens but not the filters. He swore there was only one parcel, but the consignment note said two. I made him search the truck until he found it." He looked at Cathy's incredulous expression. "What's up?" he asked.
Fish, aircraft, party, party, two naked women untitled...
Cath pointed to the screen.
"Oh. Um. Yeah, well that wasn't supposed to happen." Damo mumbled. He took a deep breath. "There's a couple of women I work with. The blond has her own website, the brunette is just fucking crazy." He shrugged. "They saw me taking photos on the rig and asked if I could take some of them doing stuff. I didn't mind. I thought it was hot. Really awesome." He wiggled the mouse, and the screen went back to the file list. "Sorry if it offended you."
Cath wasn't offended. She was more amused than anything. "No, it's fine. It was just a shock looking at a seal then someone hanging upside down naked. Why was she upside down?"
Damo looked at her, trying to decide if he should fill her in. Mike and Anna had him promise not to show anyone the photos, as Anna sold them on her porn site. He shrugged to himself. Why not? Cathy might want to try something herself. "Anna is the blond. She has her own porn website. She's saving her money for a cafe or something, I think. Does a lot of videos on her downtime. Mike - Michelle, is the brunette. She's crazy. Really good welder and fabricator though. The company employed them for affeminate action or something. Getting women into the oil industry. Mike loves to stuff tools up her cunt and being wrapped in steel chains then fucked. Really crazy. It's awesome..."
Damo pulled up the photo Cath first saw up on the TV. "Mike has a house about an hour away. Actually, it's more a machine shop with a bed. Anna stays with her if the roster is horrible. Anna wanted to add some variety to her website, and Mike was happy to help. They do some girl-girl stuff. Anyway, you know those motivational posters or that old poster of a woman tennis player scratching her butt?" Cath nodded. "Well, Anna wanted something similar. Posters guys could buy and put up on a wall. The catch was Anna didn't really want their faces shown. Thought it added to the fantasy, like the tennis player. Put your own face on her and jerk off."
Damo stood up and walked to the TV. It was like Cath was in a lecture hall and Damien was describing the thought process behind the decisions. "Anna sells them unframed for $200. I print them here and post them out. I get $20 to cover postage and materials, but I also get time with the girls." Damo looked at Cath and shrugged "Anna's smart and drives a hard bargain. She wants the cash, gives me free sex. Good deal for everyone. Anyway, she figured guys in workshops would pay well for sex and car stuff so the two of them thought up this. It's sold pretty well. I think 30 - 35 copies over the last year."
Cath did a quick calculation. Not bad at all. As a student, she could see the temptation.
"This was a fun one, and the first before Anna really thought about the face thing," Damien explained, looking at the photo. "We did it at Mike's place. She's restoring an old Ford van and that's the engine on the ground. She's hanging from the engine lifting hoist with a spreader bar to keep her legs apart. You can't see it," Damo pointed to the girl's vagina "but Mike made her own hole opener like doctor's use. This one though has removable handles. She wanted to be able to arrange things like her cunt was a vase. Opens her up pretty wide." He chuckled."No respect for her own body. Awesome. Anyway, we weren't going to have Mike behind the engine originally, but we couldn't get the thing in her to stay open and in place. Every time she moved it would slip out. Mike was complaining that she fucked up the design and it had to be fixed, Anna was trying to get Mike to sit still so it wouldn't move, and I was laughing my head off. That didn't go down well. Eventually, I just told them we had to hang Mike up first then open her up. That worked but took a bit of time, and her face started to go red with the blood rushing to it. Anna wanted to put some makeup on Mike to take the red out, but she wasn't going to let that happen. I took some photos but I didn't think I could hide the redness. I then figured we could just wheel her over to the engine and hide her face behind that. That was funny, rolling her around the workshop, just swinging in the breeze. Anna arranged tools in Mike's cunt like they were flowers, and that was it. A bestseller."
Cath looked bemused. She couldn't believe someone would do that to themselves, but there was the photo. "That's actually pretty funny. Not something I'd want to do. The blond, Anna? What about her?"
Damo flicked to Anna's photo. "Anna's a cook and a medic on the rig. Really cute. Used to be Swedish Army. Has her own porn site where she does movies for guys. She tells them what they want to hear naked and she performs for them with toys. Boy, does she have toys. Anyway, she figured cooking and nurses uniforms would be a good seller. Turns out her old army uniform is a bigger one though. This one," he said pointing to the screen, "I did in the rig kitchen. Anna was making fresh bread late one night and the flour bag slipped. Covered her completely. There was no one around so I suggested she got naked and really get dusted, and there it is. Anyway, so that's a fun sideline coming up with poster ideas. I also take videos of them getting it on together if someone wants it. That's pretty awesome too." He swapped back to her directory, "So here's the really good shots I worked on from the pool. Tell me which ones you like and I'll print them off..."
=====
"That sounds like one seriously messed up bunch of people," I said, trying to imagine the scenes. "I guess women have been putting odd things inside themselves forever but turning it into art? That's different..."
"You guys have no idea, but I'm not getting into that. Damo wanted me, well, more just hinted that he'd like me to try something like that. I was tempted. If it was earlier at uni when I didn't have a lot of spare cash I may have tried it. The girls wanted to keep the pictures tied to their work or hobbies, but there's not a lot you can do with swimming or journalism."
I rubbed my knee. It was getting cold. I had thought of a few things Cath could do, but I left it in my head. "Well, whatever floats their lifeboat I suppose. Do you know if the website is still active?"
Cathy launched a cushion at my head. "No biscuits for you! Oh, ok." she relented as I gave her a sad dog look. I followed her naked butt to the kitchen. I never get tired of watching a naked woman walk.
Cathy started making coffee. "So that was about it. I had actually started to like the little shit. He had his issues but when he was focused on stuff he was interested in, and not trying to fuck someone or big note himself he was alright." She sighed, "We saw each other a few more times before... Well, I hit him. Full sex once, if you could call it that, dinner twice, and some time at his place where he, umm, played with my body. And then he ruined it."
It looked like Cathy was starting to tear up so I stepped over and gave her a hug, which she returned. Tightly. Very tightly. I wanted to say something but she was squeezing all the air out of me. Finally, she relaxed and I could take a deep breath and speak. "It may sound flippant, but that's the past. I know it's easier said than done, trying to let it go, but let's just keep rolling and finish things. You'll probably feel better then."
Cath gave me a small smile and sniffed. "Yeah, I know. I feel way better than I did. Thanks for that. Anyway, this is probably the hardest part for me. Come on, it's a video you have to watch."We went to a different room which was set up as a family room. A TV was on a stand against one wall, a two-person couch opposite it, kids toys on the floor, and a computer desk in a corner. Cath went to the desk, picked up a USB drive and plugged it into the TV. She sat down on the couch. I sat beside her and put my arm around her. There wasn't a lot of room for two. Nice and cosy. Just like outside.
She snuggled over to me. "So the manipulative little shit conned me into being tied up on his bed one Saturday afternoon. I can't remember what the conversation started out with about a week before, but it was about fires on the rig and what they had to train for. Supposedly everyone jumps into a lifeboat which gets dropped into the ocean. You have to go through sensory deprivation training to help heighten your other senses if you can't hear or see what's going on. He said I should try it. It would really help my sexual awakening." She gave a hard snort. "And I bought that fucker's story. And then this..." She turned on the TV. "This is an edited version he did for his mates I guess. He may have been going to sell it. I don't know..." Cathy leaned forward and gripped my knee. Hard. "I don't know what he was thinking. Maybe he thought it was funny... So. He had half a dozen guys come over to watch football and drink. I didn't know it, but I was the alternative entertainment. They turned up after I was tied down, blindfolded, and had a pair of noise-cancelling headphones put on my head. Then the 'fun' began."
She hit play.
+++
An image of a bedroom appeared, then a man walked in and up to the camera. It had to be Damien. I looked at Cath. "Gives ferrets a bad name." She grunted. The camera was pretty high and looked down at a bed from the foot end. There were two other cameras in the frame. Damien spoke "Got some guys coming over to watch the game. Also got a friend coming over. I promised her that it'll be a special time." He sniggered. "It'll be special alright. She thinks I'm going to fuck her, but we're all going to have a go."
+++
My jaw dropped. I looked at Cath, who was starting to tear up. "You are fucking kidding! He really planned this whole thing?" Cath told me at the start of her story she had sex with seven guys, but I'd forgotten. This, well, I was lost for words. I really wanted to find this little shit and beat him to a pulp then feed him to some sharks. Piece by little piece. I put my arm around Cathy and held her. This was awful.
+++
Damo continued "And she's agreed to it! Have a look."
The image cut to the same room, but Damien was leading a naked and blindfolded Cathy into the room. He gave a thumbs up to the camera. The height difference was staggering. "Ok Sweetheart, are you ok with this? You'll be here for about two hours blindfolded and tied down. You won't hear a thing except for music in the headphones." Cathy nodded. "At random times you'll be tickled, kissed, licked, and fingered. Possibly fucked. Are you ok with that? Please tell me you're ok with that."
Cath replied "I'm fine with that Damo. It sounds fun."
Damo gave a toothy grin and a double thumbs up. "Ok, and if you want out?"
"I say - Eagles Suck!" Cathy answered.
+++
I looked hard at the screen, then turned to Cathy. "Is he high?"
Cathy shrugged "Probably."
I turned back to the TV.
+++
The screen cut back to Damo only "So here's the rules. She has an out, which we will respect. Right guys?"
A cut shot to a group of men drinking, who went "Yay!"
Back to Damien. "Only one guy at a time. No touching the face. No kissing, no face fucking, no turkey slaps. We are conducting an experiment. We want to see how long it takes for this whore to figure out she's being fucked by seven different guys. If she hasn't figured it out by the end of the game, well, I've got something special planned. Oh, and no cumming in her. That's part of the treat." He leaned forward and whispered loudly behind his hand. "Let's hope she goes the distance. It'll be awesome!"
The screen went back to the pair of them. Cathy was sitting on the bed, and Damien was tying ropes to her arms and legs. He gently pushed her down and tied her feet to the end of the bed, making sure Cath was spread as wide as possible. A cut shot to a close up of her vagina. "Awesome!" went Damo.
+++
I remembered the details of that pussy but under better circumstances. I did agree with Damien. It was awesome. I sneaked a quick look at Cath. She was kneading my knee like a stress ball. It hurt, but I let it go. Her eyes were red and had a faraway look about them. Reliving this obviously was tough. I wondered how many times she'd watched it, and how she got the video in the first place.
+++
Cath was now tied down. Damo said, "Before I put the headphones on, what's the exit?"
Cath dutifully replied "Eagles Suck."
"Good girl," Damien murmured as he put a large set of headphones on her. He plugged the jack into an iPod and turned it on. He leaned over and kissed one of Cath's nipples, then straightened up. "And now the fun begins." A timer started at the bottom of the screen.
The screen cut to the different cameras that were focused on Cath's naked body. He had four. The arsehole was thorough. It looked like Cath's toes were wiggling in time to whatever music she was listening to. A guy came in and stood in the doorway looking at her. Bit taller and heavier than Arsewipe. He flicked his dick out of his shorts and stroked it while drinking his beer. He put it away and walked out. He immediately came back with Damo pushing him. "It's fine man, it's all good. The slut can't see or hear anything. And she wants it. Watch!"
He lightly ran his fingers from the soles of her feet, up the inside of her leg then lightly brushed her clean shaven mound. Cath gave a gentle sigh when his fingers got there. He lingered for a while, then ran his fingers up to her boobs, pulling her nipples when he arrived. She moaned and moved her chest up. He withdrew.
"Go on, give her a go. Don't be a pussy, play with one!" He grinned and slapped the other guy on the back. Guy 1 was licking his lips and scratching his chin like he wasn't sure. A couple of heads poked through the door, but Damien shooed them away.
Guy 1 made up his mind and headed straight for Cathy's cunt. Damo grabbed him and held him back. "Na na na, no. Take it easy. You've got all day. Get her worked up. If she calls time, that's it. Games over."
+++
"I suppose he had some scruples. Twisted though..." I gently squeezed Cath. She had relaxed a bit and had taken pity on my leg and was leaning over with her head on my shoulder, one arm across both legs. She didn't say anything.
+++
Guy 1 walked around the bed like it was a pool table and he was figuring out his next shot. I suppose he was. He made up his mind and removed his shirt. He started running his fingers over Cath like he was stroking a cat. He worked his way over her body then slid down to her clit. He looked at Damo, who nodded. Guy 1 pulled her apart and spat in her vagina. Cath jerked with the impact. He grinned, then slid a finger inside her, working it around like he'd lost something. He added another finger, then leaned over to nibble her clit. Cath moaned and started moving her hips around meeting the fingers in her. Guy 1 kept this up for about five minutes, then something happened outside. He pulled his fingers out, sniffed them and wiped them on Cath's leg. Guy 1 looked at Cath like he was planning the next attack, picked up his beer and walked out. Damo followed, calling "Next!"
Guy 2 came in after a cut in the video. They must have been reminded of their "game" as he was pretty much the same as number one. Guy 3 must have thought Cath had been warmed up enough as he just dropped his pants at the door, climbed onto the bed and started fucking her. While holding his can of Jack. He wasn't going hard. Probably didn't want to spill anything. Just enough to get a reaction from Cathy. I could hear her talking, but it was too soft to make out. Guy 3 parked himself in her and had a drink, just looking down at her. A few more pumps and he left.
Damo came in and worked Cathy over. She came. That was obvious. He gave another thumbs up and said to the camera "Four down, and she's got no idea. Stupid cunt."
Guy 4 came in just as Damo was leaving. They stood and looked at Cathy lying there, panting after her orgasm. They made some joke about Damo's dick, and Guy 4 climbed on Cathy. He was a big guy in more ways than one. Cathy groaned as he entered her hole, and moaned every time he slid in.
+++
"He's a big bloke. I thought you would have picked him being different - if Damo was playing fair." I observed.
Cath sighed, and paused the video. "Notice the time? I'd been tied up for over two hours. I was... feeling a bit flaky. Fuckknuckle pushed me over the edge with that session. I really had no idea what was happening. Some of it was good, some of it was, well, ok." She stood up and walked across to the TV and looked at Guy 4. "I felt him. Boy did I feel him. I thought it wasn't Fuckface. But, I didn't really care by then. I can't explain it."
She sat back down and hit play. "They didn't go easy now."
She was right.
+++
Guy 4 grabbed Cathy's tits hard and slammed himself into her. The camera angle changed to the end of the bed, looking at the large cock hitting her. I could hear Cathy telling him to take it easy, it was too much. Guy 4 gave a nasty grin and slowed down. He slowly drew nearly out, then gave her one last thump. Cath went "Ooof."
Five and six had fun with her. Five did Damo's bowling ball trick with her butt and vaj, then slowly fucked her. He was trying to stay inside as long as possible, but Damo came in and tapped him on the shoulder. He reluctantly got off, and six jumped in straight away. He went like a rabbit, then jumped off laughing and holding his dick.
Cathy squirmed on the bed, trying to keep her muscles moving. Damo came into the shot, with the other guys behind him. He was swaying. He was pissed. He was stoned. He was happy. He won.
"These losers" waving at the other six "didn't think my wonderful whore would go the distance." He gave a slimy grin. "They thought she'd pick that someone else was fucking her particularly when you, horse cock," pointing to Guy 4 "hit her cunt."
Guy 1 started complaining that he didn't get a second go. Damien cut him off. "You know the rules. Short straw runs the risk of no fuck. Besides, you got your share of the last one."
+++
"Last one? He said last one?" I looked at Cath.
She was looking at the ceiling when she answered. "Yeah. I wasn't the first. Pretty sure I was the last though." Cath sighed. "Not much more."
+++
Damien was working Cath's body again. The other six had flopped their dicks out and started jerking off. Cathy started breathing heavy and groaning again as she came. Damo got a round of applause from the others, then he dropped his shorts and jumped between Cath's legs. He rubbed his hands together "My prize. My big, beautiful, fuckable cum bucket." He looked over his shoulder, "Let's go!"
The camera angle was set so no one viewing could see his tiny cock. He grabbed Cathy's hips and just went for it. She was moaning and pulling against the ropes. Damien laughed and called to the others "Got your bucket ready?"
Guy 2 reached behind himself and put a stool between them, with a measuring jug on top. In fairly quick succession they all emptied themselves into the jug while watching Shithead use Cathy mercilessly. He shot his load and pulled out. A cut shot to her creampied vagina.
Giggling like a maniac, Fucknuckle reached under the bed and pulled out a funnel with a short tube. He roughly pushed the tube into Cathy, and Guy 3 poured the sperm mix into the funnel. The tube was clear, so you could see it all slowly run down into her open hole. Cath was moving her hips around with the odd feeling.
Double thumbs up from Arsewipe, a wave from the others, and that was it.
+++
I was furious. I was shaking with absolute rage. You hear about these things happening, but when you actually see it, and to someone you know and care about... I just wanted to hurt him badly. I looked at Cathy. She had her head bowed down and was quietly sobbing. I instantly calmed down. She'd been living it for the past seven years. I took a deep breath and held her tight, just gently rocking back and forth.
Cathy hugged me back, her head buried in my shoulder. After a while, she sat up and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. "It never gets any easier watching that. It's been a bit easier though with you here." She turned slightly towards me, our naked bodies still touching. Any erotic thoughts by me about touching her body had gone. Her eyes red, she said in a small voice, "So that's it. I knew something funny had gone up me, and I felt the goo trickle in. Damo left me there for probably twenty minutes or so. Just long enough to get his buddies out the door and clean up a bit. He gave me another go, then untied me and asked if I liked it. I said it was pretty odd, like he was different each time. He laughed and said that was part of the game. I got dressed and he drove me home. He had stuff to do before he left for work."
Cathy stood up and paced the room with her arms crossed over her chest. "I was so naive. I was twenty-two and a virgin. Never had a sniff of sex. I never even considered that I should be on the pill, or make the guy get dressed. So, a month went by and the red train missed the stop. Not a problem, it happened a lot when I was swimming competitively. This time though, I felt different. I felt odd inside, and so I checked. Sure enough, I was pregnant. I sent Fuckhead an email saying I had to see him when he was back. No reply. And I sent another. Nothing. I waited until I guessed he should have returned, then went around to his house.
=====
Cath looked at the stick in disbelief. She tried another one. Same result. "Fuck. Oh, fuck. Shit. No." She burst into tears. This wasn't the plan. Getting pregnant now wasn't the plan. Finish university, get a freelance job, maybe travel, have some fun. That was the plan. She wiped her eyes and bundled all the test bits up and took them back to her room. Cathy sat on the bed and wondered what she would do. She had no idea.
After a sleepless night, a plan started to form. Cathy sent Damien an email asking him to get in touch, then went to see the uni doctor. Status confirmed. She called her mum and gave her the news. She left out the gory details, and just said she met a guy who seemed nice, and well... That was a long, uncomfortable talk. She read some of the stuff the doctor had given her about options, but it was depressing. She wandered around the campus trying to be normal but she was sure everyone was looking at her, knowing what had happened. She went back to her room, checked for a non-existent reply to her message, and cried.
Two weeks, no answer. Depression had turned to anger. At Damien, at herself. She should have known better. From before the night of the party, she should have known the risks and taken precautions. "Never trust a cock to do the right thing" had been drummed into her from an early age. Well, she learned that lesson the hard way. A niggling doubt had also appeared since the bed session. She had a lot of time to think about that day, and she was sure there was more than one guy fucking her. Definitely two, maybe three. One cock had nearly split her in half, and she was pretty sure Damo's dick wasn't that big. And what was that right at the end? Something cold and sharp was shoved into her vagina and then a gooey liquid filled her....
She froze. A horrible thought filled her head. She had been tied down, blindfolded, and deafened to all outside noise. Anybody could have fucked her and she wouldn't have known, apart from the feel. Now she felt sick. She knew someone came in her. That was probably Damien. What if the other was... She shook her head. That was too twisted. Surely she wouldn't have been filled up with the other guy or guys sperm? No, he wouldn't...
She was sick.
The following day she emailed Damien again. No reply. Cathy now had a knot of cold fury keeping her growing bub company. There was no thought about whether she was going to keep her kid or not. She was an only child who came late in her parents'
life. Her mum never really said why, but Cath guessed things didn't go well earlier in her mother's history. There were vague references to "women's problems" and Cathy was sure that she wasn't an only child by choice. She was determined to go through with her pregnancy. She was afraid she may never get another chance to be a mum.
Cathy roughly knew when Damo was due back. She waited. Not much more she could do. Saw the doctor again. No issues. Tried to study for her finals. Tough, but a good distraction. Had a nonspecific talk with her Professor who took her legal subjects. Nonspecific chat didn't work on her razor-sharp legal mind. She was concerned about Cathy and the situation she was in. Time, the issue of consent, number of people involved, her escape clause, all would conspire against Cath in a court. If that's what she wanted to do. The Professor didn't want to seem harsh, just realistic. She would represent Cathy if she wanted for free. Cathy declined but thanked her for the offer which she may take up later. The key was, what did Cathy want? Cath knew the answer to that.
She wanted to make Fuckhead suffer. Just a little. Maybe a lot. Yes. Definitely a lot.
She saw his truck outside his house on the way home one night. She gave him a call. Direct to voicemail. Cath took a deep breath. Well then, a direct personal approach was needed.
After dinner, she grabbed her gym bag and tossed it in her car, then drove to Damien's house. His truck was still in the drive. Cath parked outside, then rummaged through her bag and pulled out a pair of new training gloves. She stuffed them into her back pocket. A short walk to the door, and knocked. No reply. No answer to the doorbell. Cathy tried the door, which opened. She couldn't hear anything at first, then a laugh down towards the movie room.
Cath walked towards the noise, putting on the gloves as she went. Her mind was very clear. Once chance to apologise. Just one chance. She quietly padded up to the door and caught a look at Damo. He was on the chair which was at right angles to the door, so Cathy could see he was engrossed with what was on the TV. He was drinking a beer and had his hand down the front of his tracksuit pants.
On the screen was the room where she had been tied to the bed, but it wasn't her. A dark-haired girl was literally chained down with her arse in the air. It looked like Mike. Both arms were chained to the head of the bed, a steel chain was hooked behind her knees pulling them forward, and chains around her ankles kept her legs apart. A guy, not Damien, was hammering her cunt and hitting her bum with the handle of a screwdriver. Cath could hear Mike yelling at him, telling him he was a useless fucker and Damo with his tiny prick was better. Cath shivered. That wasn't for her.
She walked across the room and stood in front of the screen. Damo jumped with a start "Shit Cathy! Where did you come from?" He tried to turn off the TV, but Cathy must have been blocking the receiver. He gave up and went to stand, but Cath walked over to him and shoved him back in his seat. The girl on the screen was letting fly with a string of obscenities at her rider.
"We need to talk," Cath said. She involuntarily stretched her fingers in the gloves. "I sent you a couple of emails to contact me as soon as. You didn't reply, so here I am."
"Babe, I'm sorry. We had internet problems on the rig and I didn't see your emails until today. I'm glad you're here. Do you want a drink?" He managed to stand while re-tying up his pants.
"No thanks." she said camly, but with a hint of ice in her voice. "I want to talk about the last afternoon we slept together. You remember? Sensory deprivation 101? Interesting day. Couldn't see, couldn't hear, only feel. It was fun. I could tell when you were working on me. You have a.... Distinctive touch. Really good."
"Thanks Cath, I really try and..." Cath held up her hand to stop him from going on. He swallowed. He didn't like the look on her face. Since she leapt out of the pool at him, he was both intrigued and scared of her. He was very scared now. The look in her eyes drilled straight through him.
She leaned over him. "However, there was a difference at times. You really don't fill me. I'm not a dick expert, but it's like you have a really, really small penis when you went inside me. Now, someone fucked me who was the opposite. Huge, nearly split me open. Then two others. Different techniques. Not. You." She leaned down further and hissed "How many fucked me?"
Damo swallowed again and stammered "You agreed. I've got it on tape. You agreed..." A fist slammed into his nose. He fell back into the seat, grabbing his face. "You Fucking Bitch! You broke my nose!" He looked at this hands, which were covered in blood. "Fuck! That hurts! It was just a bit of fun. I thought you'd enjoy a bit of different action."
"I'm pregnant. That's not fun." she said icily. "How many? What did you do? Where's the tape?"
Damo shook his head, but the loud throbbing noise didn't go away. Blood was slowly flowing down his face. He could taste it as he involuntarily licked his lips, terrified of what Cath would do to him next. She hit hard. He managed to stand and inched his way towards the door. A large mass of rage slid sideways, blocking him in. He felt like a penguin again.
"You can't be. You should be taking precautions. It's not my fault..." He flinched as Cathy drew back her fist. "Seven, there was seven. Four put their dick's in you, then I came in you. The others then unloaded in a jug and we poured it into your hole. We thought it was funny. You liked it!" he whimpered.
Cathy took a deep breath. Seven. She was used by seven guys in one go. A random thought about dwarves flicked through her mind. "Hi Whore!" She crushed it. Virgin one day, Fuckhead's cum bucket the next.
Damien interrupted her thoughts "You're not going to keep it? I mean, you really don't know who the father is..."
Cathy hit him again, this time with a right fist into his chest and then a left uppercut to the chin. The impact lifted him off the ground and back into the chair. The girl behind her was having her arse reamed by the screwdriver handle. Cathy turned the TV off.
Damien was out cold. He was breathing, which didn't particularly worry her. His jaw wasn't sitting right. She grunted. It looked like that was broken as well. Maybe just dislocated, but it sure as hell looked broken to her. She sat down in the other seat and looked at him, then sighed deeply. Seven...
=====
"So that's why you were reluctant to hit anyone? You mashed his nose across his face?" I asked. I shook my head "Christ, what a fucked up arsehole."
"Yeah. I was really angry with him. And me." Cath looked off into the distance. "I hurt him badly. I didn't want to do that again to anyone." She smiled and looked at me. "Until you came along. I really like trying to beat you up. You enjoy it." She leaned her naked body across and kissed me on my cheek. "Thanks for listening. And, well, having a bit of fun. I haven't had a lot of laughs over the years."
I gave her a quick kiss and hug around the shoulders. "Thank you for sharing... everything. It's been a bit of a roller coaster ride, but I was happy to be here. I hope you're feeling better."
She gave a big, deep contented sigh. "Actually, I do." Cath flicked a glance at my penis, then back at me.
"Go on. If you want." I knew what she was thinking. I was having similar thoughts.
Cathy went bright red and coyly looked at me "What do I want?"
I shrugged. "You tell me. Or just do. It's fine. I really won't mind. What goes on in your dojo, stays in your dojo."
Cath laughed, a deep happy laugh. She reached over and gently started stroking my penis.
"That's nice. He's yours for the rest of the day to play with, if you want." I murmured.
She nodded. "Thanks. So, to finish up."
=====
Cath looked at the unconscious ferret beside her. She sniffed and stood up for a closer look. His nose was definitely broken, jaw - uncertain. She snorted. The boxing drills at the gym came in handy after all. She wandered to the kitchen and found a plastic bag to put her bloodied gloves in, then walked back to Damo. She sighed. Better call an ambulance. They wanted to know what the problem was. She said it looked like he was beaten up. Please hurry...
That was probably going to get the police there as well, so she walked out to her car and tossed the bag with her gloves under the front seat, and waited by the front door, acting the concerned girlfriend. The ambulance rolled up, closely followed by a patrol car. Cath guided the paramedics to the movie room where they had a close look at Shit for Brains. The police followed them in. They didn't look particularly interested in him. He had a reputation.
After Damo was rolled out to the ambulance, the cops asked her some generic questions. Who found him, what was her name and relationship, any idea who did it?
"Me, Cathy, his girlfriend, dunno. He missed our dinner date, so I called and got no answer. Came looking for him. Glad I found him then."
They asked if she was ok, not really expecting an answer. They also asked about his relatives, and if she knew where they were. She replied that his parents were out west somewhere and she'd call them. They looked relieved they didn't have to do anything else. After a cursory look around to see if anything appeared stolen, they left. Cathy found Damien's phone and house keys, then locked up and left. Stage 2 could wait a bit.
She went to the hospital and asked about him. He was awake but groggy, and was going to have x-rays on his head and chest. Preliminary diagnosis - broken nose, jaw, and possibly a couple of cracked ribs. She grunted to herself. Not a bad effort. Cath, playing the part of the concerned girlfriend, asked if she could see him. The hospital staff relented after she pleaded, and let her in.
She followed a nurse to a bed in the emergency department. Damien had his jaw immobilised and a bandage across his nose. His face was starting to bruise. Cath thought he never looked better. He had his eyes closed, but opened one when he sensed her presence. Both snapped open, and the look of terror re-appeared.
She sat down close to his head and murmured in his ear. "Well Damo. This is a fine mess we're in. You, having to spend a bit of time here then a long time sucking soup. You'll love that. Me, I'm having a baby. Maybe it's your's, maybe it's one of the others. Doesn't matter. But this is what's going to happen. I've got your house keys. I'm going to head there later and look through all your computer stuff. I'm going to make a copy of anything relating to me or any other girl I think you've screwed. I'm then deleting it off your gear. You're a great photographer so I'll leave the shots of the rig and such. You should've stuck with that. Shame you're such an arsehole. Now, if you try and pin this on me I'll have you and your friends in court for gang rape. The video is probably pretty damning. I'm not looking forward to watching it, but there you go. Blink if you agree."Damien tried to consider his options. Everything still hurt even after some hefty painkillers. He slowly blinked so there was no mistake.
Cath smiled and patted his knee. "Good boy. Take it easy and I'll see you later." she said in a normal voice. She left, after a concerned chat with the nursing staff.
The following day she drove back to Damien's house. There was a garage opener on his keys, so she opened the door and parked her car. Luxury. Nobody would know what she was doing. First she called Damien's parents on her phone and let them know he was in hospital. That was an interesting conversation. His dad wanted to know if he was belted by a boyfriend, husband or dealer. He didn't seem surprised he was in hospital. He was surprised he had a girlfriend. They were about four days drive away. Plenty of time for what Cathy planned.
She made herself a coffee and went to his office. A look around confirmed all the computer equipment was there that he described earlier. She turned everything on. Nothing was password locked. This was going to be easy. She started with the laptop and methodically copied all files she thought looked interesting to his back up drive. She checked his emails, and copied the more interesting ones as well. It looked like he wasn't above spiking drinks as well as experimenting with drugs himself. That explained a few things. Cath then plugged a USB drive in with a special program on it and wrote over the deleted files so they couldn't be retrieved. Thank you Google for the lesson.
The main computer was next, then the backup server. Damn, he had good coffee. She made herself another while a program obliterated all the server files. So much porn...
After the deletion had finished she double checked the house to see if there was anything else she missed. She found some drug vials in his bedroom so she carefully picked them up with a cloth and looked at the handwritten labels. The descriptions matched the emails she saw. "You little shit. No wonder I didn't care." she thought. She took them to the kitchen and left them on the bench for his parents to find, then went back to the office. Another quick check of the computers then she turned everything off and picked up the backup drive. Looking around, everything appeared normal. Taking his backup drive was a small risk, but she wasn't going to buy one herself. She washed her cup and left, leaving his keys and phone on the bench beside the drugs.
She went back to her dorm and watched her starring role. It made her feel ill again but she fought against the rising tide. Yep, seven. Seven guys used her as a fuck toy over a three hour period. Cath quietly sobbed to herself.
After a bit she called the hospital. The concerned girlfriend discovered that Damo had a broken nose, fractured eye socket, a broken jaw, and two cracked ribs. He's sedated? That's so sad. I'll call back later. Cath gave a little fist pump.
About a week later his dad called, and wanted to know if they could meet. Cath was unsure if that was a good idea, but decided to go to keep the pretence up. They met in a coffee shop in town. His dad, Graham, shook her hand. He was a big guy. He looked like he belonged on an oil rig. They sized each other up while waiting for their drinks, but he came right to the point. "You not really Damien's girlfriend, are you? You don't look his type. You look smart, like you can take care of yourself. You're the swimmer." he said thoughtfully.
Cath looked back at Graham, wondering if she should maintain the fiction. "No, I'm not." she finally admitted. "I met him at one of his parties, and hung out here and there with him. Yes, I'm the swimmer."
"Hmph. Thought so." He took a sip of his coffee, and took a deep breath. "He really liked you. Has a lot of good photos of you in the pool. What did Idiot Features do to screw that up?"
Cath gave a small smile. Obviously his dad had issues with Damien as well. She wondered how much to tell him. "You need to ask him that question." she said, looking directly at him. "If he doesn't answer, or you think he's feeding you bull then I'll chat. But he needs to own up."
Graham sat back and put his hands on the table. "Huh. That bad? Ok, that's fair enough. I can wait until he can talk."
They made some small talk, finished their drinks and left. Graham asked for her email address so he could keep in touch, which she gave reluctantly. He knew something was seriously wrong, Cath surmised. Maybe the drugs she left in the kitchen started the thought, maybe earlier. She didn't really care. Graham seemed genuinely concerned for her though.
And that was pretty much that for university. Cathy passed her course and graduated, said goodbye to the friends she made, and moved back to her parents house. That was bittersweet, but Zachary was born and he was wonderful.
Graham emailed Cathy shortly after she got home. It just said "I saw the items on the bench. We're so sorry. Please let us know if we can help." It was nice to see, but she didn't reply. About six months after Zac was born, a cheque arrived from a lawyer. Just the cheque. Pretty large one too. Cath assumed it was from Damo's parents, trying to make up for their son's idiocy. She didn't know how they found her, but she hadn't really kept her location a secret. She was on all sorts of social media. Every six months another cheque turned up. It didn't make her feel better about Fucknuckle, but it took some of the financial load off. That was nice.
=====
Cathy was staring off into the distance, just absently playing with my dick. Gently stroking and squeezing, some scratching of my balls and shaft. It was like she was playing with a pet and had forgotten she had hold of a penis. I was thinking about her story, and her working on me was really just a nice side issue.
She snapped back to the present with a start, and smiled broadly at me as she realised what her hand was doing. "Sorry, I was elsewhere. I forgot I was holding you. I'm guessing you didn't mind."
"No, it's quite nice. But you'd better stop before I make a mess." I really wanted Cathy to keep going, but time and other things were against us. "I'd better go and see what Bec's got me cooking tonight." I gently removed her hand and kissed it. "Thank you for confiding in me. I hope it helped."
Cathy stood up and held her arms out. I stood as well, then she wrapped her arms around my body tightly. "I feel great. I just needed someone to listen and understand what happened." My dick was squashed between our pelvises but a quick flick of her hips saw it magically captured between her legs. She smiled "And this has been fun. Just having a bit of naked silliness. I haven't laughed so much in years." Her hips started to slowly move back and forth, and it felt like her vagina was trying to draw me in to it's warm embrace. I really wanted to visit, but Cath must have realised what she was doing and stopped. She gave me an awkward grin.
I gave her a quick kiss and my hand slipped down to her clit. I slowly ran a finger up and down Cath's puss, then slowly pushed it inside. After all I'd seen and listened to I wanted to feel her warmth and taste the results. Cathy felt velvety smooth, so I added another finger. There was no resistance to my entering.
Cathy gave a deep sigh filled with pleasure. Her whole body just relaxed onto me. It was like the last residual frustrations just dissolved leaving one much happier woman. "Oh, thank you Tom. I've been waiting for this for so long. Can you please leave them there, just for a while?"
I kissed her gently on her lips and slowly worked my fingers inside her. "Sure. Just for a little while." She widened her stance so I could push deeper into her. We didn't say anything else, just enjoying the feelings we had and the noises we were creating. Cath started to rock on my fingers.
"Hummm. Nice. Really nice. Keep going like that." She started tickling her clit with one hand and the other was wrapped around my waist. Her muscles gripped my fingers tightly followed by a burst of heat and a flood of juice. She didn't make a sound, just slowly exhaled.
I pulled my fingers out and held them in front of my face. Her natural fragrance wafted across to my nose. I slowly separated my fingers and a pendant of her cum hung delicately between them. Cath looked fascinated at what I was holding in my fingers, then I closed them up and sucked them clean. "You taste delicious."
Cathy turned bright red again. I thought it was quite funny, then I remembered what she'd been through. I sobered up. "Time to go. Thanks for everything Cathy. I really suggest you talk to Bec. I think you'd be surprised how helpful that would be." I got dressed and gave her another hug. "See you at training. And I assume our coffee chats are still on?"
She gave me a brilliant smile. "Definitely. To both. And thanks again Tom. I didn't think I could ever tell anyone what happened, and that was really depressing. I actually feel so much lighter. It's weird."
I just smiled and kissed her cheek. "Bye. Take it easy. Say hi to Zac from me." I went to the front door, gave her a wave, and left. Outside, I took a deep breath. What a fucked up story. Explained a lot though. I wondered what happened to Shithead. Guys like that never learn but I hoped the Karma police caught up with him.
I pulled out my phone and called Bec. "Hi Sunshine, just leaving. Do you want me to grab anything? Ok, just text me the list... Much better I think. You have no idea what she went through. Horrible... She looks better. Hope it helped. Yeah, I said you'd be happy to chat... Probably soon... Zac wants to show you his Pokémon's as well... About an hour training here... Well, it's the State Championships so get in as much practice I think... Ok, I'll see you in about twenty. Luv ya bye!"
I reached my car and looked back at the house. My friend Cathy, the lonely Amazing Amazon, was standing outside in her lovely yellow dress, the late afternoon summer sun lighting her up. She blew me a kiss, waved, and walked back inside. As she turned she flicked her dress up and flashed her bum. I laughed and shook my head, then jumped into my car.
I think Cath's going to be okay.
=====