Each character involved in this story is 18 years old or above.
*****
My heart is pounding remembering the last night incident, I was sleeping with my mom (you must be wondering, in India its normal to sleep with our mom, most boys stop sleeping with their mom after sometime, but some do.)while sleeping my hands accidentally got on her boobs and instead of removing it I kept it there, I liked the softness of her boobs and I could feel the heat emanating through her blouse, my heart was booming out of excitement I just kept my hand there after sometimes I fell asleep like that.
I woke up early in morning, mom was still sleeping. The excitement from the night was still there so I got up from the bed and went to the bathroom to relieve myself after peeing I got to my bed mom was sleeping on her side she was wearing a sari which has come loose around her waist and I could see her pink petticoat, her blouse was covered with the apron of the sari.
I got in the bed behind her and put my right hand on her waist and I started sliding hand down her sari slowly, the sari was now around her knees and the only thing covering her was her petticoat, I thought to untie the knot fastening her petticoat but her knot was in the front, so to turn her around I slid my legs on her thighs, I was pretending to snore all the time so even if she would wake she would think her clothes has slid accidentally.
So, I applied pressure on her thighs hoping she would turn, but she woke up and sat down on the bed, I thought I am busted, I shut my eyes and began snoring, she murmured something got down from the bed adjusted her sari and went out.
I was feeling scared that she would confront me regarding the incident, but she seemed normal at the breakfast, she had changed and was wearing a green sari and green blouse. After having breakfast I went to college, the whole time I was thinking about the last night incident and I was very eagerly waiting for tonight, time seemed moving very slowly, after waiting for like eternity finally the bell rung, I rushed out of the classroom .I went home mom was watching TV.
"Is that you Ravi?" Mom asked from the drawing room.
"Yes Mom, what have you made for the dinner." I asked.
"There's some rice in the fridge and some vegetables in the kitchen and Mohit had called."Mom shouted from the hall.
I thought it would be better if I call Mohit first, so I went to my room and called Mohit he asked if he could come over to my house, I knew he is just asking to come over to see my Mom, each of my friend drools over my mom but no one says anything, its not their fault mom is such a beauty even at 36,she has 34D breasts, curved luscious hips but the thing I like most is her beautiful face, she is fair complexioned has black hair which she always keeps open as she mostly remains in home.
Mohit is my uncle's son, they live nearby, Mohit always liked my mom, the only reason he wanted to hangout with me was Mom.
I told him to come that we would play some videogame together, he came after sometimes said hello to my mom and reluctantly walked with me to my room he kept pressing me to watch TV I knew his intentions so I replied negatively after playing sometimes he said he is going to his house.
After dinner we watched some TV together there was a horror movie playing on the TV which I had watched so I said goodnight to my mom and went to sleep hoping she would also come after sometimes a she was afraid to watch horror movies alone, waiting for her I fell asleep.
I woke up around 1am, Mom was sleeping soundly, she was wearing a green sari and a matching blouse, she was sleeping on her side facing opposite of me her ass was towards me so slowly I put my hand on her waist and began pulling her sari out so to loosen it after pulling around for a bit I succeeded and I could see her green petticoat, luckily she had tied the knot on her side I was easily able to untie her petticoat, I began tugging her sari down and succeeded in pushing the sari around her knees.
My heart was pounding very heavily, I gathered some strength and began untying the knot of the petticoat after fiddling for a while finally I succeeded in untying the knot, whole time my heart was thumping very loudly adrenaline was flowing through my veins out of excitement and fear that she might wake up. Slowly I pulled her petticoat down the curve of her waist.
Her naked side of hips was now visible to me, I began pulling further she moved a in her sleep. I got panicked and pulled my hand off her and began pretending that I was sleeping. After a while I checked if she was asleep again she was sleeping very soundly I could tell it from her face, so I tugged the petticoat down, now her naked ass crack was visible to me, I took some time to admire her crack then pulled the petticoat all the way down to her knees where her sari was gathered.
Her luscious ass was bare before my eyes but as it was dark and a very little light was coming from the window i couldn't see much but I was awestruck by the naked site before me her ass was full and curvy, as I touched her ass, all of a sudden she moved muttering something I rolled to my side and shut my eyes.
Mom got up tied her sari back and she was gone. I am busted for sure, I was filled with guilt and the fear of confrontation I would get tomorrow, filled me with fear, somehow I felt asleep hoping somehow she would think her clothes was disheveled by accident.
I woke up next day filled with guilt went to the drawing room hoping she wouldn't be pissed at me, she was making breakfast and she was singing her favorite song I was relieved that she was cheerful.
"Good morning Ravi." She said while singing.
"Good morning mom." I replied.
"You sleep so badly you move a lot while sleeping, last night you undid my sari last night." She said while rolling chapattis.
I was like a deer caught in the headlight; I just stood there not able to speak anything.
"Sorry Mom, because of playing I get tired that's why I move a lot at night, I will try not to move so much tonight," I tried to sound innocent.
She asked me to sit on the table for breakfast, she was wearing a red sari and she had hair tied, she wore a low cut blouse so I could see lot of her cleavage while she was serving me breakfast, but I was waiting for the night.
Whole day went eventless at night we ate and mom went to bed very early, after a while I followed her when I entered the room mom was stripping her sari, she said her sari would get wrinkled if she sleeps with me in it. She had stripped her sari she was now in her red petticoat and blouse, she had her hair tied, and she looked so hot like this.
There was already a sexual tension created in the room , we got in the bed the moment I fell on the bed, I fell asleep, in night I felt mom tugging me like she was trying to wake me up, I moved a bit and she got still. I got excited thinking that she was inviting me to touch her, she was sleeping on her side again facing away from me but her knot was tugged to her underside so I began lifting her petticoat up as it was a nylon material it slid up without any difficulty.
In a swift tug I lifted her whole petticoat around her waist as the material came from under her waist I found that her knot was already untied, now it was very easy for me so I lifted and gathered her petticoat up on her belly.
She was naked waist down. I switched on the table lamp beside me, I could see her luscious ass in all its glory she had shut her ass crack tightly so I knew she was awake.
I slid my hands to her waist and began rubbing the sides of her ass I wanted to see her asshole, my cock felt like it would break anytime. I grabbed her cheek and began kneading it slowly after a while she relaxed, I began tugging at her side so to get her on the belly after some effort she turned down her naked ass facing the ceiling.
I had full access to her ass now so I began sliding my finger up and down her ass crack, I wanted to see her anus so I got up quietly and got above her ass keeping my legs on both her side, I spread her ass cheeks apart so now I could see her puckered rosy anus and I could see a bit of her tight pussy there was some hair on her peritoneum region and soft brown hairs around her anus.
I bent down and sniffed her asshole, a musky inviting aroma was coming from her cute anus so I took out my tongue and touched her anus she moved a little as in approval, I began kissing on her anus, after kissing for sometimes I inserted my tongue in her anus and began making fucking motion with my tongue furiously she started writhing under me.
I got up and inserted my middle finger up her ass but she was very tight I wasn't able to get my finger in her ass so I bent down and spit on her asshole now my finger slid easily in her ass. I began fingering her ass.
'uunngghhhhhh...' she began moaning and I increased my speed, after fingering for some time, I unzipped my pants she heard the sound and got alarmed she started getting up so I got down on the bed and turned to other side she got up panting, she was naked waist down, she gathered her clothes and went out of the room.
I was still horny and excited beyond limits, I got up to go to bathroom to relieve myself, as I neared the bathroom I heard a low moan coming from the bathroom, Mom was masturbating, I was shocked, I thought she ran from the room because she felt guilty. I got on the bed and tried to sleep.
"Ravi, wake up, its 8, you have to go to college." Mom was shouting from the drawing room.
"Mom, why didn't you wake me early, my first subject would already be going on." I replied. I didn't want to go to college as it was already very late.
"Okay, come down for breakfast then."
"Okay Mom coming."
Mom was sitting on the sofa, she was dressed in her red sari and red blouse she had red lipstick on her, she looked so sexy that I wanted to eat her, I couldn't believe this was the woman that I touched last night.
she was so out of my league, here I am a average male and I am not even blessed in that department, I have a 5' penis although its thick but compared to Mohit's 7 its nothing and there she is so beautiful with her Yami gutam face, flawless skin, black jet hair, so full lips, at 5"6 she is tall for an average Indian female.
"Baby, you didn't stop moving, you undid my petticoat last night, and you move your head a lot too ." Mom said. I couldn't understand, what was her intention in bringing out that subject as she also was actively participating.
"I am sorry mom, no matter what I do I can't stop moving." I said hiding my grin, if she want to play let it be so.
"Be careful today, I can get hurt if you keep on moving like this." She said mischievously.
"Okay Mom I will be careful today."
We ate breakfast together, then mom went to meet her friend and I called Mohit to play some video game together.
"Where is aunt Shobha?" Mohit asked.
"Mom has gone to meet Mrs. Shalini, why." I knew why he was asking.
"My parents are going to nana's, so I wanted to ask her if I could stay over for tonight." He replied.
Shit, he is going to ruin today's night, if he wasn't my cousin I would have replied negatively right away, but the decision was not mine.
Mom came home few hours later, she looked not much happy either. She began cooking after a while we all sat together to eat. We spent whole evening playing videogames, he was no match to me, he is passive and remains indulged in studies, I save his ass at college from the bullies.
"Boys come down for the dinner." She called from the kitchen.
Our house is not so large, we have four rooms upstairs, Mom has occupied two rooms in one she keeps her yoga stuff and some gym equipment and in other she keeps for her hobby embroidery, the third room is occupied by me for videogame and other stuffs and the fourth room we sleep.
And downstairs we have a room which mom has converted into storeroom, our drawing area is large with sofa and a 55' TV placed in the middle and the kitchen.
"How will we sleep." Mom asked at dining table.
"Mohit can sleep on sofa, mom." I replied
"Yes, aunty I can sleep on sofa." The devil said innocently.
"Don't be ridiculous Mohit, it's your home too, you won't sleep on sofa, and the bed is big enough we can all adjust." Mom said.
After dinner mom went straight to bed, we stayed to watch TV, Mohit looked very excited and I knew the reason for his excitement. After half n hour he went to sleep too.
I wanted to go to the bed late as they would be sleeping and I would get to touch her.
After two hours I went to my room slowly cautious not to wake them up, as I reached near the door I was shocked to see the site before me, Mohit was massaging her boobs through her blouse, Mom was on her back, she was wearing the same sari she wore in day, her apron has slid down exposing her blouse.
I stayed there I wanted to see how far does he advances on her and how far mom let him, I knew Mom was awake as I saw her eyelids flickering, I moved a little back out of there site.
Mohit slipped his right hand under her blouse but he wasn't able to grasp her boobs as her blouse was tight, so he pulled his hand out and he began unbuttoning her blouse watching her face for any reaction, but mom was very well at hiding her emotions, he undid all her buttons and slowly peeled the covering exposing her naked breast to the air, he admired her breast for a while then took hold of her left breast, rolling her nipple between his fingers.
I was aroused to see another man playing with her, so I took out my cock and began rubbing it, Mohit sat on the bed and took mom's nipple in his mouth, mom moved a little but I could see he was way past to maintain any inhibition now, he began sucking furiously while mauling her right breast with his left hand, and he switched to the other breast kissing it all around.
I began masturbating hard; I moaned almost giving myself away, Mohit got cautious he got up from the bed to watch if I was coming, so I moved behind the wall, after making sure no one was there, he climbed on the bed holding mom, he sat on the bed looked at moms face for a while then he slowly started lifting her sari he lifted it till her mid thigh.
I ejaculated in my hands; I didn't want him to advance any further so I got downstairs washed myself and I climbed stairs with loud thump, I didn't want to embarrass him. He was sleeping on his side as I went inside the room, mom's blouse was done but the apron was still on her waist and her sari was still on her thighs.
I got on the bed between Mom and Mohit and I waited for Mohit to sleep, waiting for Mohit to sleep I fell asleep too; I was woken around 3 am by the tugging from Mom. Her sari was still on her thighs and she was lying on her back. Mohit was snoring so I slid my hand on her thighs.
I began moving my hands up and down her legs feeling the smoothness of her thighs, I slid my hand further north at the juncture of her two legs, it felt so hot and the dampness was making me mad, I slid my hand further up, but instead of her pussy I was on her mound covered with curly pubic hairs, I felt sexy too, I started rotating my fingers in her hair feeling the hotness emanating from her pussy.
I put all five fingers in her pubic hair and slowly caressed her mound, she giggled from the tickling sensation, she spread her thighs a little, I accepted her invitation and slid my hand down on the forbidden place of my mother, I could feel her swollen lips, I rubbed her lips with my palm, she moved a little adjusting herself in my hands.
All of a sudden Mohit sat up on the bed; I pulled my hand away from her sari with a jerk and shut my eyes. He got up and went out of the room. Mom adjusted her sari and rolled to her side away from me.
In the morning Mom made us breakfast; we headed out for the college.
"I know what you did last night." Mohit said to me sheepishly, I was awestruck, does he not know anything about not breaking the charade.
"I know too what you did last night." It was so good to see his shocked face.
"Ravi, I am so sorry, if you will keep m secret safe I will too." Mohit said.
"Okay."
"Aunt is so hot, I couldn't stop myself." He said again making the conversation weirder.
"Can we not discuss about my mom's hotness."
"We should make a sleeping plan, as I am staying two more night, I'll sleep today, you sleep tomorrow." He blurted out, I was shocked to see his brazenness, I wanted to slap him right away but I controlled myself.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP, DICKHEAD, if you say anything else I am going to kick your ass." I shouted at him, many of the passerby's stopped to look at us.
"Okay fine I will not say anything else." He replied taken back by my assault.
"Hey, look I am sorry, you do what you have to do until Mom doesn't stop you its fine by me, but don't ever discuss it with me." I said trying to sound soft.
We parted to our respective classes. Whole time passed by thinking about Mom as bell rung, I sprang out of the classroom to avoid going home with Mohit.
I entered the house and was shocked to see Mohit was sitting on the sofa conversing with Mom. Mom was in her green sari and a low-cut blouse, her boobs were spilling out of the blouse and Mohit was feasting on it, oblivious (or not-so-oblivious) to Mom.
"Come and sit here baby." mom said looking at me.
"Okay Mom."
So I sat beside Mohit on the sofa.
"Mohit, will you be a darling and massage my shoulders for me." Mom asked Mohit with a slight grin.
Mohit jumped up at the invitation, he began kneading her shoulders with both hands, mom closed her eyes, and Mohit lifted his hand and put it above her exposed breast, keeping his hands in the air he looked at me.
"I will kill you." I mouthed at him.
"You said I can touch her, if she doesn't objects." He mouthed back at me.
"Not now."
"You didn't mention the time." And with this he put his hands on her bare skin above her blouse; mom is going to slap him for sure, I thought but to my surprise mom didn't even moved.
Grinning at me he began rotating his hands above her boobs, my cock was standing as hell and it was bent as I was sitting on the sofa, so I straightened my cock forgetting that he could see me. I realized he can see me I looked up and saw now he had his hands full on her breasts squeezing it lightly.
WHAT THE FUCK. They're cuckolding me. What happened after Mohit got from school, I wondered. Mohit was squeezing her breasts, mashing her breast together, I was entranced to see the site before me, fuck, my cousin is squeezing my Mom's boobs and she is letting him do it.
Mohit unbuttoned the top two buttons of her blouse exposing her deep cleavage to my eyes. Have they gone mad, I had my doubts on Mohit but Mom, this is crazy but instead of freaking out I was feeling jealous.
He unbuttoned the remaining buttons of her blouse and pulled the covering to both side on her arms exposing her delicious boobs to the air, this was the first time I saw her breast so openly, her breast was round, firm making a very sexy curve with pinkish nipples jutting out, I was like seeing her in HD I could even make out the pore of her nipples and the small bulges of her areola.
Mohit pinched her nipples between his fingers making her flinch, he began squeezing her breasts vigorously he bent down and kissed her right nipple.
"THANKS, Mohit, that was so sweet of you." Mom said buttoning her blouse up, I turned towards TV. Mohit was grinning wide at me like he was acknowledging my defeat.
-----
We ate dinner in silence, I sat to watch some TV, I thought Mom would join me too but she left for the Bedroom, Mohit following soon behind her, so I decided to go as well. As I entered the room mom was stripping her sari, she was now in her petticoat and blouse.
"You boys wrinkle my sari, so I am not going to let you ruin my sari."
Mohit had occupied the middle of the bed, so I was pushed on one side of the bed. Mom got on other side of Mohit; I wanted to kick him out of my house. It wasn't even 10 min he began fondling her breast, I wondered how far would he go with this speed. I resigned myself to sleep.
I woke up at the night, Mohit was sleeping on his side, mom was sleeping too her naked breasts standing out from her unbuttoned blouse, I got up from the bed and stood beside mom. I was excited from the today's event and I had a raging hardon so I took out my 5' inch cock nudged it on her lips prodding here my cock touched her teeth, the site of her lips parted by my cock looked very hot, with the other hand I began squeezing her naked breast. She wouldn't open her mouth to let me in.
I was pushing my erect cock on her clenched teeth, indicating her to let me in, but she didn't open her mouth. I pulled out my cock from in-between her lips , and I started pushing her sari up, I was going to fuck her silly, I climbed above her after I pulled her sari and petticoat around her waist, to my surprise she was wearing a panty. After everything pulling he panties was no big deal, but as I hooked my fingers in her waistband to pull the panty down she rolled to her side again when I tried to remove her panties she rolled.
She wouldn't let me fuck her mouth neither would she let me fuck her, then it dawned upon me - oh, no fucking, I can touch her but I can't penetrate her. And I knew Mohit hasn't fucked her yet, I was relieved by this information but I was horny still and wanted to fuck something, it suddenly hit me, her Boobs, I can fuck her boobs.
I sat upon her belly, pressed her breast together leaving a small gap between and slid my cock inside it, I began making to and fro motion in her tits, tittyfucking her felt like heaven, my movement was making a slurping sound and I was afraid Mohit would wake up, I wondered how mom was able to compose herself against this assault.
I loved the jiggling of her breast when I thrusted upwards, I came very hard sending my cum on her chin, her neck and her boobs . I was afraid she would get mad at me so I cleaned her and buttoned her blouse. Mom's eyes were shut but I knew she was awake.
--------
"Ravi wake up, today is Buddha Purnima , we are going to river," mom was yelling from drawing room, Mom goes to river alone, she never took me with her before, the only plus point for me was I could see girls changing their clothes, as there is no changing place near it.
"Coming Mom." I replied hopping out of the bed.
River Ganges was about a kilometer from our home, so we headed by foot. We had our clothes in a bag, mom was wearing a violet sari with flowers printed on it and she had a red blouse, she was wearing a pinkish gloss lipstick and she had her long hair tied behind in a ponytail, so looked very gorgeous like this.
We reached River Ganga, the narrow beach of river was very crowded, people were fighting for the bathing space, I could see many wet girl bathing in the river as it was Buddha Purnima ( a full moon festival, people think they would attain nirvana if the bath in River Ganges on this day). We found a good spot.
"Ravi, you guard the clothes while we bath, then you can bath." Mom said stripping to her petticoat and bra, I wondered how Indian woman who are so privacy loving can bath in front of thousand in just a underskirt and a bra, but who am I to complain.
Mom went inside the water and started bathing , she sat in the water and asked Mohit to put water on her, a group of people came and stood before me blocking the view, they moved after a while.
I could see many men watching my mom taking bath, it wasn't their fault after wetting from the water mom's petticoat has become translucent and any onlooker could see her naked thighs, I wanted to warn Mom about her exposed state but the thought of many people watching my beautiful mom aroused me.
After bathing for a while mom came out of the river drenched in water her petticoat was clinging to her ass accentuating her curves. She came near me asked me for towel and began drying herself.
Many men were secretly watching her every move, I saw a old man sitting five foot from me watching her, he would look here and there then again would look at mom.
Mom took the dry petticoat from the bag and put it on her head sliding it down her body, she covered her wet bra and wet petticoat with it, she undid her bra and covered it with the dry petticoat. The tricky part is changing the wet petticoat for any woman, as they have to cover their breast and waist down part with that single petticoat.
Mom forgot to put a dry bra on so now she had only her petticoat to cover her both parts, she undid her wet petticoat and slid it down her legs , in doing so she exposed her luscious ass and her pubic hair to the onlookers, I saw the old man sucking his mouth at the glorious site in front of her, mom realizing her mistake pulled down her petticoat on her ass but it didn't go all the way down as she had tied the knot of the petticoat around her chest.
She was pulling her petticoat down with both hands in desperate attempt to cover her ass, she looked at me for help, I handed her the dry blouse, she put it on and untied the knot of her petticoat but she forgot to hold her petticoat around her waist and it slid all the way down around her ankles exposing her nakedness to the world.
There was pin drop silence on the river bank as everyone stopped whatever they were doing to watch this goddess in all her glory.
"Ravi." She cried out of embarrassment.
I rushed to her and picked her petticoat up covering her, somehow with trembling hands she put her clothes on and we hurried away from the river, we forgot about Mohit.
"That was the most humiliating incidence of my life, I am never coming back on this bank." She told me with wet eyes.
"Mom, no one knows and probably no one is gonna see you again, ever." I tried to reason her to make her more comfortable.
"Yes, you are right, but the incidence was very humiliating." She replied.
I enjoyed the incidence a lot, I was so aroused that I wanted to just sit there when she called me for help, I wanted her to bend down and give the world an eyeful of the treasure she possessed, I wanted the old man to see her asshole and pussy and I wanted to fuck her senseless in front of all those people, but you don't get what you want, Right.
-------
We were sitting on the sofa with my arms around her shoulder.
"Hey, you left me behind." Mohit came inside shouting but sensing something has happened he shut up.
"What happened, aunty." He asked Mom.
"My petticoat slid down leaving me naked to the peering eyes of the strangers," mom replied sobbing.
"Its all right aunt I am sure no one would have minded it." The idiot replied but it made us all laugh, I was happy to see Mom cheerful again.
"Hey aunt, why don't you make us something to eat." Mohit said, he is so silly that he doesn't even realizes the seriousness of the situation.
"Okay, I'll make you boys some pranthas (pancakes)." Mom said getting up to go o the kitchen.
"Mom, you should rest for a while, I'll do the cooking." I said.
"Okay, Mohit can you massage my back, I am so tense from the incidence." Mom asked Mohit, shit! I am the good guy here and look who is getting the goodies.
He complied happily, Mom lied on the sofa on her stomach, Mohit put his hands on her back and started kneading it slowly, while I reluctantly walked to the kitchen to make the paranthas. The kitchen had no door and it was attached to the living so I could see their activity.
Mohit was massaging her legs now, he was slowly moving upwards pulling the sari up with his hands, I smelled the burning of my parantha so I ran to the stove, the first parantha was burnt badly so I rolled another and put it on the pan, when I turned around to see what was going on there I was not so surprised to see Mohit had pulled the sari and her petticoat around her waist and was now massaging her naked ass.
He was squeezing her soft cheeks, he slid his left hand and touched her pussy I could see his hands trembling with the excitement, mom said something so he retreated his hands back massaging her naked cheeks, I saw him sliding the side of his palm in her crack, he was feeling her asshole.
I decided to interrupt him so I took those burnt paranthas in a plate, I went in the drawing room and handed him the paranthas.
"Here's some paranthas, eat Mohit, I will handle the massage." I said grinningly at him.
He reluctantly took the plate and sat on the sofa to eat.
Mom's ass was still exposed and I could make out her ass hole from the slightly parted crack, I rubbed her ass feeling the smooth skin of her cheeks, I always wanted to spank a girl and I couldn't resist the temptation lying before me so I slapped her right cheek softly making it jiggle, Mohit looked up and saw what I was doing but didn't say anything.
I slapped her again a little harder this time, a low moan escaped from Mom's mouth but she didn't move, so taking it as yes I slapped her again across her anus on both cheeks, causing it to turn red, Mohit was entranced by my action he had stopped eating and was looking directly at mom's ass.
The charade was broken very early so there was no point hiding anything, I slapped her ass very hard his time sending her whole body upwards.
"Ahhhhhh..." Mom cried with pain when I hit her again.
I was taken aback by her sudden cry; I didn't mean to hurt her, so I caressed her red cheeks with my hand soothing her pain. I slid her sari down; she pretended she was sleeping, fine by me.
These few days have been like a dream, I was living the best days of my life with my innocent mom presenting herself to me and my retard cousin.
"Why did you hit her so hard?" Mohit asked me rolling his eyes at me.
"That's none of your business dipshit." I replied brazenly.
"Ravi, mind your language, he is your brother." Mom said getting up.
"He is full of shit mom, that retard isn't my brother." I was at rage that my mom was taking his side.
Bam! She slapped me across my face, I was paralyzed, she never ever hit me no matter what, once I had written Asshole on the back of one of my classmate with the permanent marker, she faked that she was scolding me in front of the boy, once I put a cracker at midnight in neighbor's house she didn't say anything.
I was smitten by my ego and defeat, I walked to my play room and locked the door from inside, I switched on my console and started shooting at the zombies channeling my anger, after playing for a while I spread the mat on floor and tried to sleep.
"Honey, open the door." Mom was knocking at the door, I knew from her voice that she was crying.
"Go away, I don't want to talk to you ever." I replied still angry at her for hitting me for that dipshit.
Mom began to cry at the door, I ignored her but I couldn't hear her sobbing any longer, so I opened the door, she was standing there tears in her eyes, the mascara running down her nose and disheveled hair she looked so kissable, forgetting all my anger I wanted to suck on those lovely red lips.
She hugged me and started kissing all over my face affectionately, I took hold of her head with both my hands and touched those inviting lips with mine, the moment I kissed her she melted in my hands I had to hold her to keep her still, mom slip her tongue out and touched my lips I opened my mouth to take her tongue inside, I touched her tongue with mine and our tongue began to wrestle feasting on each other, I pushed her tongue in her mouth inserting mine with her, she sucked on my tongue, it felt like eternity no one wanted to break the kiss, but we had to breathe finally we pulled apart.
No words came out from anyone's mouth as we looked in each other's eyes.
"You slapped me too and even harder, but I didn't get mad." Mom said teasing me.
"Mom that was different." I replied red faced as she was acknowledging about the spanking openly.
"Where's Mohit I have to apologies to him."
"Aunt Shalini came, he went to his home." Mom replied. I was relieved to hear this.
"Let's go downstairs it is getting late." Mom said.
"I will come down in a minute"
As I got down I saw mom's sari lying on the sofa, mom was in the kitchen in just her petticoat and blouse, I could see the slope of her ass through the petticoat. I went behind her and slowly untied the knot of her petticoat causing it to fall on the floor, mom had pink panty on her, I inserted two fingers in the waistband and slowly rolled her panty down her legs, she lifted one foot at a time and I pulled the panty and the petticoat from under her feet.
Mom was naked except her blouse, so I stood up and unbuttoned her blouse and took it out from her arms; Mom was now in all her glory, she had her back to me. She was rolling chapattis while I took in the site before me, she looked like an angel her smooth back looked very sexy at the fusion of waist and ass she had a unblemished body not a single scar could I see on her body.
Her jet black hair was open and it was flying from the breeze coming from the window, her legs were perfect not too thin or too fat but just the right size, the thighs curving just right transforming into the knee and then her sexy feet, I was getting mad from just the site of naked body.
I stripped my pants and boxers revealing my not so nice body and the 5' pecker, I turned off the stove and holding her by her shoulders I turned her towards me, her perfect breast and pubic hair coming into the view and her best feature her sexy face, she had her eyes closed, I took hold of her shoulders and pushed her down on her knees.
She had her lips inches away from my dick, but she wasn't moving so I took hold of her head and guided her lips to my dick, she opened her lips little and took the head of my dick in her mouth, she moved her right hand and grasped my balls in her hand, trailing my balls with her fingers.
Mom slid my whole dick in her mouth sucking at it vaccuming it with her mouth, all while caressing my balls with her fingers, she removed her mouth and placed her hands on my dick stroking it, making it more erect. If she keep doing that I was going to cum, I took hold of her head and slid my dick back in her mouth, fucking her mouth vigorously, I came with a loud groan in mom's mouth, she gulped all my cum.
As I was recovering from my orgasm mom stood up and was going in the drawing room but I stopped her taking her hands, I lifted her in my arms and I took her to the sofa all while kissing her, she moaned in my mouth, I sat her on the, I began kissing her forehead trailing down my kisses down, moving down I kissed her mouth then I moved down and took her nipple in my mouth sucking at it while squeezing her soft breast , I moved further down kissing her belly and her navel after a while I moved down kissing around her mound then kissing her all over her pubic hair.
She was going wild with the anticipation, not making her wait any longer I spread her legs and kissed full on her pussy lips, French kissing her labia, I nibbled at her clit making her writhe under me. I spread her pussy lips with my fingers and inserted my tongue lapping at the pink of her pussy.
"fuckkkkk meeee, please baby." She was begging me to fuck her.
I mercilessly lapped at her pussy , making her wild with the excitement she began to writhe furiously, she pulled my head hard, sensing mom was going to climax I increased my lapping.
"uuunnnnggghhhhhh..." she came very loudly on my tongue blanketing it with her warm honey.
"fuck me please baby." Mom begged me on her knees.
"No, mother I have other plans for you."
TO BE CONTD...