Rosie is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen. I'm William Rivers and I'm married to Rosie. I'm biased, of course, but if you were to notice how other men, and most women, look at her, you'd agree with me. She stands five foot, six inches tall with a slim build and nice curves. She weighs only 135 pounds but, if you meet her, you can't tell her I know. It's one of her more closely held secrets although I haven't a clue why. It's a perfect weight for her.
She has dark, curly hair that she keeps in a sexy, Orphan Annie-like hair do. She has a monstrous, infectious smile that sometimes draws the attention of the men she meets away from her 34-23-34 body. She has C sized breasts and a seize sized ass.
Except for her lighter skin and larger breasts, she could be Whitney Houston's twin sister if Ms. Houston had been born fifteen years later in 1978.
I've told her that hundreds of times but she won't believe me. I've told her she's the most beautiful woman in the world and, of course, she doesn't believe me. I've modified it to suggest she's certainly among the top fifty most beautiful women in the world and she doesn't complain, probably just to keep me quiet. She's very self-conscious about her body and, while she's comfortable around the house with me, she dresses very conservatively whenever we go out for anything, including the super market.
That's my only problem with Rosie. I'm married to a top fifty woman and no one, except me, knows it. I'm a guy. I like to brag a little and I'd really like to show off Rosie. I want everyone; especially other men, to know how lucky I am and she should get the attention she deserves. I've repeatedly suggested she develop a sense of pride in her looks and show off more often. I've avoided "exhibitionism" to describe what I've suggested but that's what I, and others, would like to see. I'd like to transform Rosie and, until recently, I didn't think I'd get the opportunity.
Rosie loves to take care of the house. She's always looking for ways to improve its looks and comfort. The outside is no exception. She adores gardening. It's more than just a hobby. It borders on an obsession. It's also the one place outside the house where she doesn't dress to hide her figure. She doesn't dress to expose herself in any way either, wearing a floppy hat, long sleeved men's flannel shirts and loose fitting jeans.
Even dressed in shirt and jeans when she's outside, I've noticed men walking by on the street slow their steps to check her out. Last spring was unusually hot and Rosie would come inside after hours in the garden, sweating profusely and badly in need of a shower. I talked to her about it and suggested that she should dress more appropriately for the weather. The heat was oppressive and, rather than give up gardening, she listened to me. I suggested a t-shirt and shorts would be more appropriate.
Rosie disagreed and countered with an old lightweight sweatshirt and she would keep the jeans. I got a pair of scissors and took the shirt from her. "Hold on. What are you going to do with those?" she asked.
"I'm going the cut off the sleeves so it will be cooler for you," I replied.
"Okay. If you insist," she said. "But not too short."
I took the shirt and when I started to cut off a sleeve at the shoulder, she quickly pulled the shirt from my hands. "No you don't," she said. "I'll do it."
She cut off both sleeves about six inches down from the shoulder.
Two days later, after both days working in the garden, she was still over heated when she came inside. "You still need to lighten your clothing further if you want to work outside in this heat," I said. "You need a lighter shirt and dump the jeans."
"I suppose you have a suggestion," she said sarcastically.
"I think I do," I said. "Give me a minute."
I returned with an old t-shirt of mine. It had a crew neck, moderately short sleeves about the same length as the modified sweatshirt and it was long, well below her waist.
"Its light enough but no way I'm wearing that with this bra. You can see through it in the sun."
That night we went shopping for a suitable bra. Rosie bought one of those opaque sports bras. You know, the kind with super tight elastic that, if a guy had his hand under it, it would cut off the circulation to his fingers.
Rosie gardened like that for the next few days. She agreed she was cooler but the sweat pooled under her sports bra, ran down under her jeans and pooled in her underwear as well. That night, I distracted her and she didn't do the laundry. The next day, she was readying to head out to garden in the front of the house but she couldn't find her 'garden' bra. She found it in the pile of clothing next to the washing machine. It was a cold, damp mess. "I can't wear this like this," she complained.
"Look, Honey," I said sympathetically, "just wear one of you other bras. You'll be cooler and no one will notice."
Rather than not garden and between a rock and a hard place, she took my advice; picked out a full, opaque bra and headed out in the hat, t-shirt and jeans. I sat on the front porch, pretending to read but actually watching Rosie and the reactions of the few men who walked by. Their faces revealed they were impressed and one guy, walking by with his wife, got a stern tug on his arm when his gaze lingered too long. I walked around the yard and confirmed that, at certain angles, the sun shone through the shirt and her bra, and the breasts it supported, were nicely silhouetted.
I took the opportunity to complement her on her work in the garden and how nice she looked in the t-shirt and jeans.
"I was a little uncomfortable," she said.
"Why? You looked fine," I asked.
"I was afraid someone could see through the shirt when the sun was behind me."
"Honey," I said seriously, "You looked fantastic. So what if the sun shone through your shirt. You were more than adequately covered by your bra."
"I thought the men walking along the sidewalk were staring at me."
"They go by every day. They look to admire the beautiful work you do in the yard."
"But they can see my bra."
"Not really. You're wearing your t-shirt and it diffuses the outline of your bra and, even if they noticed your bra, they've seen bras thousands of times. Relax. Just do your work and not worry about what they think."
The next day, Rosie was again out in the yard with a similar t-shirt, bra and jeans. She came inside for lunch. "Bill," she said, "I think Harold, up the street, is some kind of voyeur."
"How so?" I asked.
"Normally he walks his dog, with his wife twice a day, mornings and afternoons. Today he walked by with his wife and, later, he walked by again with just the dog."
"How is that a problem?" I asked.
"Well, he's never done that before. You know, walk the dog twice in the morning and without his wife. I think he took the second walk just to look at me in the yard."
"Was that a problem for you?"
"It was. He was staring. It was one of those strange interactions. He was staring at me; I knew it and he knew I knew it and he didn't stop."
"How did you handle that?"
"I did something stupid."
"Stupid?"
"I stood sideways between him and the sun so he had a better view of my profile. He could see the outline of my body through the t-shirt."
"Bingo," I thought.
"Rosie," I comforted her, "You were just having fun. You assumed he was having thoughts other than walking the dog and you teased him a little. Probably made his entire day."
"I've never done anything like that."
"It's natural for a woman to tease a man that way. There's no harm done. What was he, probably thirty feet away? You probably had some fun doing it."
"That's the thing. I did have a little fun. I stood there for a few seconds, smiled and turned my back on him. When I turned around again, he was gone."
"See. No harm. It's like fishing without a hook. You dangle the bait in front of the fish but you don't expect to catch anything and if you did, its catch and release. You had a little fun. He had a little fun. How can that be a problem?"
"I bet he'll walk the dog again this afternoon," she guessed.
"Then you should get some lunch and get out there again so he's not disappointed."
Rosie ate and went out to work again. I sat in the shadows on the porch and watched the action. Harold walked the dog twice more that afternoon. The first time with his wife and the second time with just one dog. He lingered as he walked by the second time. The dog was pulling on the leash and Harold worked to slow it down.
Rosie was aware of Harold watching her. She did something I thought I'd never see. She gave him a little show. Not much. She just lingered, displaying both profiles before she went around the back of the house and Harold let the dog pull him further down the sidewalk.
Later, we shared a salad for dinner. Rosie asked me, "You were watching this afternoon, weren't you?"
"I was. I thought you were discrete and Harold wasn't."
"He wasn't, was he?" she said.
"He almost tripped over the dog," I added.
Rosie laughed. "I have to admit, I was having fun."
That night we had a longer than usual sex romp. I'd put in the top three evenings of the year and I think Rosie would agree.
The next morning, over breakfast, I suggested to Rosie that she add something to intensify Harold's experience.
"What do you have in mind?" she asked.
"Everyday its getting hotter outside and you're sweaty when you're done. I think you should wear something lighter, that lets your body breathe easier."
"I'm not going braless, if that's what you're thinking."
"No. I'm not thinking braless. Something natural given the heat."
"Yeah. Just what would that be?"
"Shorts. I think you should trade the jeans for shorts."
"Shorts? What? And show my legs to everyone?"
"No. Something conservative. Maybe just above your knees. Like golf shorts. It's a natural change but it's sure to get Harold's undivided attention."
"I think it would do that. He'd probably trip over his own feet and fall on the dog," Rosie agreed with a smile.
"Then you'll do it?"
"I'll think about it."
The next morning, Rosie came to breakfast wearing a t-shirt with a bra and a pair of my golf shorts with a belt to hold them up.
"You look terrific," I offered.
"I look silly in your shorts. Tonight we're going shopping for my own shorts."
Silly or not, Rosie went to work in the yard in my shorts and captured Harold's attention. So much so that his wife had to walk back for him when he lingered and she wasn't paying attention. She grabbed his arm and pulled him up the sidewalk. Harold returned later in the morning, as did two other neighbors who suddenly needed to take morning walks.
Over lunch, Rosie was animated. "Harold is hysterical," she said. "This is more fun than I imagined."
"And you're not self conscious?" I asked.
"I thought I'd be but I'm not," Rosie answered. "It's funny. I feel safe with the distance to the walk and I'm in control. The combination is intoxicating. I'm having fun and I like the attention."
"Damn woman. You make we want to take you into the bedroom and have fun with you myself."
"What, and miss my afternoon outside? And what's wrong with the kitchen anyway?"
Rosie went outside to have fun and left me wondering what it would be like to have her bent over the kitchen table, naked with me entertaining her from behind.
Rosie and I went shopping after dinner. Rosie bought a pair of lady's shorts and a second pair of shorts. The lady's shorts came to about mid thigh, shorter than the shorts she borrowed from me. She wouldn't show me the second pair of shorts.
The next morning, Rosie was happily working in the garden in the front yard. She looked terrific in her new shorts. They fit much better than my borrowed shorts. They were shorter and tighter clinging to her ass tightly, nicely outlining her cheeks and the cleavage between them. I watched from the living room window. She was drawing more attention from the men in the neighborhood. Walking past the front of our house seemed necessary to a number of men who suddenly realized walking was healthy and beneficial. However, Harold's wife was walking the dog alone. That afternoon, two men walking by on the other side of the street, crossed over to finish walking by closer to Rosie.
Two evenings later, Rosie wanted to talk about her gardening attire. "Bill," she said, "I'm having more fun than I thought possible just working in the yard with all the attention I'm getting from the neighbors."
"Rosie, I've been telling you for years that you're a perfect woman and how lucky I am to be married to you. I'm really glad you're finally enjoying teasing the other men in the neighborhood. Like you said, you've got distance and control and that means safety."
"I admit that you've been right and I've refused to agree with you. I was always taught that modesty was an absolute requirement for a real woman. The less seen the more desired. Today, that thinking seems old fashioned. Today the expectation seems to be desire follows observation and, while I thought that I'd be uncomfortable being observed, I'm actually having fun. I'd really like to push it further but I'm unsure how you'd feel about it."
"Why would I be a problem? Remember, I've encouraged you and I'm enjoying watching you being watched as much as you enjoy being watched."
"I need your opinion. Wait here."
Rosie went into the bedroom. About five minutes later, she called, "Close your eyes."
I did as she requested. Rosie walked back into the living room, stood in front of me and said, "Okay, you can open your eyes now."
Rosie was standing there with her hands on her hips wearing what I could only describe as Daisy Dukes denim shorts with torn legs. Actually, they were shorter than any shorts I'd seen on line or in the stores. They were also very tight. As she turned around for me to see a complete picture, I noticed they nicely outlined both the space between her ass cheeks and the crevice between her pussy lips. I was instantly hard.
"Rosie," I said, "You look incredible in those shorts," as I adjusted myself in my own shorts.
"I can see you like them," she said. "Are you sure I can garden wearing these?"
"Honey, you can do lots of things wearing those shorts, including gardening but I don't think your primary motivation for wearing them is gardening."
"Am I being too obvious?" she asked.
"Obvious is exactly what you want to be," I answered. I stood up in front of her. "In fact, I want to show you exactly what being obvious gets you in this house."
I tried to unsnap the shorts with both hands. Laughing, Rosie tried to hold her breath and help me. We laughed together as we managed to tug and wiggle the shorts off her along with the bikini underwear. We had raucous fun screwing on the living room floor.
Later, we sat bottomless on the sofa. "Tell me," I asked. "Where did you find shorts that short?"
"I didn't. I cut them off further myself."
"You're a bad girl, you know," I stated.
"I've never been a bad girl. I never even considered being a bad girl before and I kinda like it."
"I like it too," I said. "Do bad girls screw twice in the same evening?"
"Only in the bedroom," she told me.
For the next two days, Rosie 'gardened' in her new shorts. I coached her to bend over frequently with her back to the street and stretch the shorts to their limit. It seemed that every man in the neighborhood was walking for the exercise. They all lingered as they slowly wandered by our house. Even Harold walked by multiple times. I considered setting up chairs and charging for tickets. It was a fantasy I couldn't actually do because, if Rosie lost control of the situation, I knew she would instantly stop and revert to her earlier modest self.
For the rest of the week Rosie happily performed in the yard for the neighborhood men and several women. Friday night, Rosie approached me with another concern. "Bill," she said, "I think there were fewer passersby today than there were earlier in the week and I wonder why?"
"You're really into 'gardening' aren't you? So much that you're taking a daily head count."
"Not really a count. Just a sense and there seems to be a decline in walkers."
"I have a possible reason and a suggestion if you want to hear it."
"I do."
"Over the last several weeks you've changed from flannel shirt and jeans to t-shirt and short shorts in multiple small steps. Each step raises the neighborhood's awareness and expectations. You've got their attention. So much that I bet most of them go home and masturbate thinking about you and your shorts."
"Ordinarily, I'd disagree with you about the sexual innuendo, but, I'm embarrassed to admit, I've actually been a little wet myself when I'm done gardening."
"That's incredible," I enthusiastically said. "I love it."
"It doesn't bother you that I'm actually excited about those men watching me?"
"No. If anything, I'm aroused just knowing about it. Look, we both know that nothing's going to come of their arousal or yours except here in this house, between us. We both benefit and that's not a bad thing in my book and, if they're lucky, those guys are getting more sex at home because of you."
"That's a lot of responsibility," Rosie opined.
"More of an obligation," I suggested. "You've done everyone a favor and, to be a little crude, the show must go on."
"I have been putting on a show, haven't I? I didn't think of it that way but I'm not unhappy with the description. Actually, I embrace it. So what's your suggestion?"
"You need to take the next step."
"What step is that?"
"Prepare yourself. I think you need to lose the bra."
"You want me to go braless?"
"You'll still be wearing the t-shirt. It has a high neck and it covers you. The only difference your breasts will move as you work and the shirt will move with them. It'll drive the walkers crazy."
"But what about the profile when the sun is behind me?"
"It won't be much different. The shape will be more realistic and your shadow may include the shape of your nipples if you're aroused."
"Oh, I'll be aroused all right."
"At least think about it."
"I already have. You had better be serious because I'm going for it so prepare yourself."
"I'm more than prepared; I'm hard as hell just imagining it. You want to push the envelope even further?"
"Further than braless? What else is there?"
No panties either."
"Oh my God. You are serious aren't you?"
"I am. Think about it. Your shorts restrict the view. They'll just fit a little tighter where it counts."
"That's obvious but I can't."
"Why not?"
"My pubic hair would show around the shorts."
"I can help with that," I offered hopefully.
"How? Wait! You want me to shave my pussy."
"It's only a suggestion."
"Shit. Why not? Only you have to do it. I can't see well enough to do a proper job."
I smiled. "I was hoping you'd say that."
We went into the bathroom, gathered the scissors, shaver and shaving cream and Rosie got up on the counter. I carefully trimmed, creamed and shaved every part of Rosie's vulva I could see. Rosie checked repeatedly and pointed out places I had missed or could improve upon. Thirty minutes later, we agreed everything from Rosie's navel to her rectum was free of hair or bristles of any kind.
I got a bottle of moisturizing cream. "What are you going to do with that?" Rosie asked.
"Just going to finish the job and leave your skin smooth and shining."
Rosie let me proceed. As she suspected, along the way I lost a finger or two when I passed between her labia. She quickly responded to my touch and we ended up with her bent over the counter with me pumping into her from behind. It wasn't the kitchen table but it worked just as well.
Later we sat on the sofa catching up with the local news. Rosie had her denim shorts and a pair of scissors. She was trimming the excess material from the seam through the gusset of the shorts. When she was done, there was barely a half inch of material remaining. I watched silently. Rosie was further into her exhibitionism than even she realized. It excited the hell out of me.
At breakfast the next morning, Rosie appeared with just two articles of clothing, a t-shirt and her almost non-existent shorts. We ate silently. Before she went outside, she surreptitiously bent over to show me the fit of her shorts. She was already aroused and her pussy lips puffed out on either side of the seam of her shorts. She was ready to garden and I was ready to watch.
The results were as expected. The neighborhood men didn't even pretend to walk by the house. They just gathered in front and watched Rosie work. When a couple of the neighborhood women showed up, Rosie calmly picked up her basket and walked around to the back yard. The show was over and the men reluctantly wandered away to take care of themselves and, if they were lucky, their wives.
Inside, Rosie came over to me and kissed me. "Whew. That was intense," she said.
"I loved it," I said and she smiled and kissed me again.
Over lunch, I asked, "What's next?"
"What's next? What's left?" Rosie asked.
I got up, returned with a pair of scissors that I handed to her.
"What's these for?" she asked.
I reached over and tugged on her t-shirt."
"What?" she asked. "Oh, you want me to trim the bottom of the t-shirt."
"Why not? You've only got one more chance to star in the gardening production before somebody calls the cops. You might as well make the most of it. Besides, you'll still be covered. You've worn bathing suits with less material."
"But not in our front yard," she rejoindered.
I sat quietly.
"Hell," she said. She stood up, pulled the t-shirt down tight on her body and handed me the scissors. "Trim it evenly all the way around."
I took measure with my hands about an inch below the bottom of her breasts and cut the bottom of the shirt the same length around her body. She slipped the circle of material over her hips and off her legs. I followed her into the bedroom to evaluate the effect in her bedroom mirror. She twisted and turned, carefully appraising the view. She spent a few minutes looking at the way the shirt hung over her breasts the she took the shirt off and asked me for the scissors.
She sat on the bed and trimmed another inch and a half from the hem of the shirt. When she put it back on, her nipples were still covered but the bottoms of her breasts were visible below the shirt. "What do you think?" she asked.
I let out a slow whistle and adjusted my erection in my shorts.
I watched as Rosie bent forward and twisted her body in different directions to insure the integrity of the shirt covering her breasts. Once, when she twisted suddenly, one of her breasts popped out from below the shirt. She replaced it and tried again. After several tries, she knew how not to move to expose her breast and which movement exposed it.
That afternoon, Rosie went out to garden, probably for the last time. As I watched her leave, I had a sudden realization. Rosie wasn't practicing how to keep her breast covered. She was learning how to make it fall out. My wife was going to flash the neighborhood.
I went out the back door, around the house next door and covertly joined the group on the sidewalk. Their attention peaked when she appeared with the middle of her t-shirt missing. Everyone watched intently as she squat and bent to her work. After about ten minutes of preliminaries, Rosie stood tall and bent over her basket. She pulled on something inside the basket and then harder when it didn't move. Her right breast moved from under her shirt. Several members of the audience gasped audibly. I might have been among them.
Rosie stood facing the crowd without attempting to correct her wardrobe malfunction. Without any recognition anyone was watching, she bent forward to pick up her basket with her breast hanging freely in front of her. She picked up her basket, walked around the house and disappeared.
I rushed back to the kitchen. When Rosie came in from the garage, her breast was still exposed. "Damn, that was hot," she said. "I need you to fuck me right now."
When I didn't immediately respond, she repeated, "NOW."
She pulled off her shorts and bent over the kitchen table. I pushed my shorts to my knees and my erection into her to the hilt. I don't know who came first but I came once. This was the kitchen table after all.
Conversations with Rosie about her newfound fondness to tantalize men were becoming commonplace and, after dinner that evening, was no exception. "What's next?" asked Rosie.
"What do you mean 'What's next?'" I asked.
"Well, I'm really enjoying playing with men's fantasies and I can't garden in the front yard any further without going naked and that's not in the picture. So where do we go from here?"
"You're including me in the activity?"
"I am. You're integral to how I feel about what I'm doing," explained Rosie.
"I admit it was my idea, having you express your sexuality more openly but you've taken control and I'm just a happy observer."
"How have I taken control?"
"I've made suggestions and you've accepted them and acted on them but, lately, you've gone beyond my suggestions. For example, you cut the t-shirt shorter and practiced having your tit 'accidentally' fall out this afternoon. Neither of those were my suggestions although I'm delighted with the results. I think you own this project going forward."
"Okay. I see what you're saying. Actually, I'm having trouble believing everything I've done lately. Do you think I've gone too far?"
"No. Except for your boob falling out, you been fine and you kept it short. Any longer and the cops might have shown up. More is always okay until it isn't. I think it's wonderful to go to the limit, and maybe a little over, as long as it's harmless and legal.
"I was hoping you'd say something like that since I think I'm addicted to the many emotions I have when I expose myself."
"Tell me more."
"Well, as much as I would have denied it in the past, I'm energized by being the center of men's attention and women's envy. So much so, that I'm concerned about my ego getting out of control and doing something stupid, like letting my boob fall out. That's where you come in. I'm counting on you to stop me just short of stupid. In addition, I get incredibly horny. Knowing you support me is part of it. My panties are soaked after every adventure if I'm wearing them. You're always there to fuck my brains out when I need you the most and the sex we have the rest of the time is better than ever. You're part of this as much as I am."
"Okay. I'm in but no more planning without me knowing about it. So, what's next?"
"That's my question."
"Let me think about it."
We fucked all night while I thought about where to take Rosie's addiction. In the morning, I went out to retrieve the trash container and shoo away any 'walkers' lingering in front of the house when I noticed a police cruiser idling up the block facing our house. Back inside, I told Rosie about the added attention and said, "You retired just in time."
We lingered over breakfast and I suggested a path forward for both of us. I told Rosie she needed to upgrade her wardrobe, tighter blouses with lower necklines, preferably with buttons that she could use to reveal an amount of cleavage suitable for each occasion. That would require additional bra styles like push-ups or half bras and even the possibility of going braless if the situation warranted.
I also suggested shorter and tighter skirts that would accent her hips and ass and dresses that would flare out when she turned and show off her thighs and could be easily raised when seated to offer a peek at her panties. It might also offer an opportunity to allow a quick flash of her naked pussy if she was inclined to be so brave. "You might even grow back the hair on your pussy to insure the viewer believed what he thought he saw. Under some circumstances, nylons and heels might increase your allure.
"You should find, and wear, a delicate scent that is guaranteed to separate a man from his ability to think as straight as his dick was becoming. If they made something called 'Pussy' it would be perfect.
"Finally, you should develop a more open relationship with the men you talk to. Smile at them and laugh at their senseless comments. Let them buy you a drink if you want to. Touch them and don't shy away from them touching you appropriately. Even dance with them if you want. And, this is the most important part, always come back to me for the grand finale."
"I could have some real fun."
"You could."
"What if I'm flirting with someone and he gets too handsy or I've had too much to drink and begin to lose my inhibitions?"
"That's when you excuse yourself to go to the ladies room to disappear. I'll always be nearby and I'll step in if necessary. I'll tell you what, I'll sit with a drink somewhere you can see me and, if I push my drink away from me on the table, you know it's time to freshen up."
We went shopping for Rosie over the next several days. She bought many of the things I suggested and few I didn't. Some things she wouldn't show me. "I want to surprise you," she told me. She tried some of them on for me and practiced her movements until she felt confident.
We set up a schedule. Tuesday nights would be date night. Rosie and I would go out together and she could use her talents to work me into a frenzy. She was good at it and, over the next several months, several times we didn't make it home before she gave me a blowjob in the car or I fucked her bent over the bonnet in some isolated park.
Saturday nights we frequented the city nightspots. Usually, we entered separately and Rosie scouted for single and probably horny men to tease. She was very good at it, leaning forward, braless in a scoop necked blouse or a shirt with the buttons undone half way to her navel. She would cross and uncross her legs frequently, separating her knees further than necessary and letting her skirt ride up on her thighs.
It worked perfectly on the men she entertained. I know, because it worked on me and I was yards away as I watched her. On two occasions, I had to assert myself when she had a problem. The first time, a narcissist lout in a thousand dollar suit, held her arm on the bar when she tried to leave. I waved to the bartender and he had the situation under control before I got there. I walked Rosie out the back door and we headed home.
"God, I was scared," she said once we were in the car. "I wasn't sure if I wet my pants or had an orgasm."
I checked and couldn't decide. She did have the orgasm before we left the parking lot.
The second time was a Saturday night and I was distracted. I had gone to the men's room and, when I came back, Rosie was gone as so were the three thirty-something guys she had been talking to. I asked and the bartender pointed to the rear of the hallway heading outside.
Outside, I found the four of them at the end of the alley. Two of them had Rosie up on a barrel with her skirt around her waist and the third was in the process of pulling down his pants. "What the fuck are you guys doing?" I yelled.
They looked up at me, let go of Rosie and rushed by me out of the alley. I didn't know it at the time, but the Irish bartender, a former pro wrestler, was standing behind me with a shillelagh. I went to Rosie and helped her down from the barrel. When I turned around and saw the bartender, I thanked him for the backup and headed for the car with Rosie.
On the ride home, Rosie was shaking like a leaf in a brisk wind. "Bill, I was scared to death. They half dragged me outside and I couldn't find you. They pulled up my skirt, pulled off my panties, and put me up on the barrel. I knew they were going to fuck me. All three of them. One at a time."
"I had to pee. I'm sorry I wasn't there to save you. Next time I'll pee in my pants."
"You did all right. You got there just in time. No need to embarrass yourself."
"It was a pretty scary situation. I'm glad you're okay."
"That's not all. I was scared they were going to fuck me but what scared me the most, was I was going to let them."
"What?"
"As frightened as I was, I wondered how having their cocks inside me would feel. I was almost looking forward to finding out. I'm sorry."
"Rosie, I hear you. This is getting too dangerous. I've no desire to see you get raped or worse. We need to rethink things and find a more acceptable outlet. Maybe one where we are both part of the plan and you can stop wondering."
"What are you talking about?"
"Let me do some research and we can talk about it tomorrow. Meanwhile, I just want to get you home and safe."
That night I held Rosie in my arms and cradled her as she fell asleep. The last thing she said was, "My panties are back in the alley."
Sunday morning, I spent a couple of hours on the computer after breakfast and sat down to talk with Rosie before lunch.
"Rosie," I said. "I think it's time for us to take a vacation. At least a week at one of those all inclusive, Caribbean resorts with lots of sun, sand and adult beverages."
"We could use some time away," she agreed.
"I've found a couple of possibilities. They all have sun, sand, booze and a couple of other benefits."
"Such as?"
"They're all adults only, everything included and clothing optional."
"Clothing optional. Does that mean completely naked?" she asked.
"It does if you're so inclined. It also means that we'd be together. Neither of us would be at risk."
"Get back to clothing optional. I'm not sure I can go completely nude in front of hundreds of people nor am I ready to watch other people parade around in the altogether."
"You wouldn't have to if you were uncomfortable. How about this as an icebreaker? I think you should have at least four bathing suits, each more revealing that the other. It would be similar to your escapade gardening in the front yard. You would have a one-piece suit, a modest two-piece suit, a regular bikini and a string bikini made from less than the material in a quarter of a handkerchief that would cover your nipples and your clitoris and not much else. You could progress your beachwear during the week based on your comfort level and willingness to be on display."
"I guess I could try."
"My guess is three of the suits would be superfluous. Once you see dozens of other naked ladies, all of them less attractive than you, I believe you'd have no problem joining them."
"What about you?"
"I'll take off my suit when you do. That way we would be equally attired."
"Wouldn't you have an erection and wouldn't it be embarrassing?"
"Probably, for a short time, but I don't think I'll be alone. I bet most of the guests are familiar with the problem and it does go away after a short time."
Rosie warmed to the idea and I booked an eight-day stay at a resort in Negril. It had all the things I had told Rosie about and a few others, I hadn't. They weren't on the resort's web page but I found references on bulletin boards and reviews. In brief, they all suggested that the sun, sand, surf, sangria and skin frequently led to couples having sex between themselves and others.
We flew to Jamaica and the resort shuttle ferried us from the airport. We checked in and were shown to one of the "Au Natural, hot tub terrace" rooms with an ocean view. It was an amazing room with a king sized bed, glass enclosed bathroom with a glass shower large enough for two, a hot tub on the outside deck and a mirror on the ceiling. It was friggin' expensive, but I was hoping, worth every penny.
Rosie noticed the mirror on the ceiling. I told her she could watch the action if she kept her eyes open. She also asked about the "Au Natural" designation although I suspected she knew the answer. I explained the resort had two options, side by side. One was labeled "Prude" and it was clothing optional with its own beach, pools and amenities. We were booked into the "Au Natural" half of the property where clothing was discouraged, also with its own beach, pool and amenities.
Rosie looked pensive as we unpacked. I noticed she had brought only two bathing suits, the one-piece and the string bikini. When I asked, she told me she figured she was going to be covered all week or not. She mused that she might not even need the bikini at all. I suggested we take a walk around the property to get our bearings and that we should start on the modest half of the property. She agreed and we changed for the walk. I wore a pair of shorts and a golf shirt with sandals. Rosie changed into her Daisy Duke outfit and a gossamer beach cover up. I was already thinking she was most of the way convinced she was going to spend the week naked.
The resort was fantastic. It was twenty-two acres of light forest, gardens, pools, and rooms fronting an ocean beach with two distinct sections. As we walked, Rosie commented on the lack of clothing on even the "Prude" side of the resort. I estimated at least eighty percent of the guests were completely naked and "prude" meant that the women were only topless. Rosie took a comfort break and returned without her t-shirt and her cover flowing behind held in place in front by only the tips of her breasts.
I hugged and kissed her. "You look fantastic."
"I'm shaking like a leaf. One part of me wants to run and hide and the other part is giddy, even aroused, walking around with my tits on display."
"You're not alone. Look around. I don't see a single woman who isn't topless. No one is going to notice you among the rest of them."
I was right except for Rosie's incredible beauty. She attracted attention even fully dressed. What I really meant was that she wouldn't attract more attention than usual.
We walked around for a short while and then headed for the beach. Eventually, we reached a barrier with a sign that said we were approaching a nude beach and clothing was not expected. While we were standing there, debating whether to continue without clothing, a naked middle-aged couple walked by us. "Go for it," the gentleman said. "It's not a bad as it seems," added his companion as they walked onto the nude beach.
I watched Rosie struggle with the decision. "Oh, fuck it," she finally said as she undid her shorts and slid them off her legs. I noticed she was prepared, having left her panties in our room. I watched her strip down and I did the same. Rosie walked a few steps ahead of me with her cover-up streaming from her shoulders, having slipped from her breasts.
When I caught up to her, she looked down at me and commented, "I suspected that you would have a problem."
"A problem?" I asked.
"Isn't that the beginning of an erection I see?"
"Yes, but it's from looking at you, not those other naked ladies. You look so good I could fuck you right here on the beach."
"Like that couple over there?" she said and nodded in the direction of a beach chaise. A young couple was sharing the chaise. The man was on his back and the woman was straddling his hips. His hands were on her breasts as she sat upright over him. It wasn't obvious but it was more than possible his penis was surrounded by her vagina. Their movements were subtle, not drawing attention to their activity.
We wandered for several hours. Everyone we passed was very friendly. Most nodded and said hello, a couple stopped and talked with us for a while. Most of the women on the beach had sunglasses, a hat and a small towel. We had a late afternoon drink at the swim up bar. The only person wearing anything like clothing was the female bartender and she wore a bikini that rivaled Rosie's back in the room.
We struck up a conversation with a couple about our age. Giselle was almost as beautiful as Rosie with larger breasts and darker skin. Her husband, Jeffery, had the beginning of a middle-aged bulge and a relaxed penis almost as large as my erection. At one point, Giselle commented to Rosie, "Honey, has anyone ever told you how incredibly beautiful you are?"
I smiled as Rosie answered, "I get that sometimes."
"Is it your first time here?" Giselle continued.
"Is it that obvious?" asked Rosie.
"I know exactly how you're feeling. I felt the same way myself the first time we were here. Don't worry, it will pass quicker than you can say 'pass the sun block.'"
"Thanks for the encouragement," said Rosie. "I have only one question. Why are so many of the women carrying a towel?"
"It's a matter of biology. It serves to protect both their dignity and the furniture."
By the time we left the bar, Rosie wasn't thinking about her lack of clothing, she was thinking about something to eat. On the way back to our room, I asked Rosie how she felt about walking about outside in the nude.
"It's incredibly liberating. It's definitely more natural than wearing clothing. You may have created a monster by bringing me here."
"In what way?"
"Wait until we get home. You'll see then."
Back in the room, we put on acceptable clothing for the restaurant. Except for the bars and clubs, the restaurants required clothing.
We rode the elevator down with four naked women. I was surprised at my minimal reaction to the closeness and unavoidable touching in the small elevator. We went to a seafood restaurant and were seated immediately. Rosie and I noticed that the definition of 'clothing' was stretched by many of the guests. Several women wore mesh or see through blouses without bras, their skirts were shorter than tennis skirts and sans panties. We marveled at the loose dress code as we ate.
Back in the room, we debated what to do next. I suggested we go back to the bar and when Rosie began to look for something appropriate to wear, I laughed and reminded her that the only choices she needed to make was footwear and the color of her towel. I ended up behind her, reached around her torso, kissed her neck and palmed her breasts. One thing led to another and we left the room thirty minutes later than we originally planned. The towel was necessary.
We sat at a small round table on the dry side of the swim up bar. Rosie sat on her towel. We sipped our drinks and watched the huge variety of body types and ages having fun in the pool and walking around the area. Giselle tapped me on the shoulder and when I turned around, she asked, "May we join you?"
Giselle sat between Rosie and me one side of the table and Jeffery sat between us on the other side. A server in not much more than a jockstrap took their drink orders and refill orders for us. Conversation between the four of us was easy and natural. Naturally, I couldn't help stealing a peek at Giselle's breasts once in a while. Rosie caught me once and kicked me under the table. Giselle noticed and said, "It's all right Rosie. I'm flattered he thinks enough about my breasts that he wants to look at them. Pretty soon he'll want to touch them and it makes my towel wet."
Jeffery laughed at Giselle's reaction and even hardier at Rosie's. "Its fine, Bill. Giselle loves the attention and I'm good with it. Don't be shy. Look all you want and even touch them if you feel the urge."
"You're kidding, right?" asked Rosie.
"Actually, I'm not and I'd touch yours if you'd let me," stated Jeffery.
Rosie looked at me with a "do you believe these two?" expression.
"What do you think?" I asked Rosie. "Up for a little touching?"
Rosie was speechless for a moment. "Do you really want to touch Giselle's breasts?" she asked.
"They certainly are appealing and I think Giselle would like me to touch her breasts," I replied.
"And you don't have a problem with Jeffery touching my breasts?"
"That's your decision. I wouldn't force you but I'll bet you'll enjoy being touched as much as Jeffery would enjoy touching you."
"I don't want to be a spoil sport. How do we go about this?" Rosie conceded.
Giselle turned her chair toward me and moved closer. I turned toward Giselle. Rosie watched and did the same between her and Jeff. Without another thought, I reached up and gently lifted one of Giselle's breasts in my hand. Giselle closed her eyes; her head moved back and her chest pushed against my hand. My other hand held her other breast and she breathed heavily. Things got interesting when I felt one of Giselle's hands on my cock. I withdrew my hands before I reacted too strongly, took a deep breath and said, "Thank you. Your breasts are everything I imagined."
I looked at Rosie. Her eyes were closed and she was scarcely breathing. Jeffery was holding one of her breasts in a hand and was sucking on her other nipple. When he noticed Giselle and me watching, he stopped, leaned back and said, "Thank you, Rosie. Incredible."
"Thank you, Jeffery," she responded.
Conversation continued almost as if nothing had happened except that neither woman moved her chair back to their original position. We ordered more drinks. Giselle's hand would occasionally wander over the table to touch my hand and under the table seeking my cock. I noticed Jeffery's hand disappeared under the table next to Rosie and wondered what he was seeking. Rosie was doing her best to look calm and collected.
Suddenly, Giselle asked, "Have you guys seen the Playroom?"
"Playroom?" What's the Playroom?" asked Rosie.
I had read about the Playroom but hadn't told Rosie about it, saving it for a later conversation. I hadn't expected things to progress this far so soon.
"It's over by the tennis courts. Come on. Let's go over there and I'll show you," said Giselle enthusiastically.
We got up and headed through a park toward the Playroom. On the way, I asked Rosie, "Are you alright?"
"My towel's a mess," she answered.
"That answers my question," I said.
"It's your fault," she added.
"How so?"
"You wanted to touch her tits."
"And you wanted Jeffery to touch yours."
"I wouldn't go that far."
"But you liked it."
"I did."
"And you're not upset about it."
"I'm not."
"The Playroom is more of the same and more. If you're uncomfortable, we can leave. Your call."
"And more?" she asked.
"You'll see. Don't be shocked."
"I'll try not to be."
At the Playroom, I let Giselle lead Rosie inside while I hung back with Jeffery. The dimly lit Playroom had a half dozen queen sized beds along one wall and a huge, glass enclosed shower on another wall. There was a cozy area in the back with room for a dozen or more people and what looked like a dungeon area beyond that.
Half of the beds were occupied. On two of them, naked couples were intimately wrapped around each other and on another, two elderly ladies were providing a younger gentleman with an unforgettable experience.
Rosie's hand when to her mouth. "Oh. I don't think I'm ready for this, yet."
Giselle led Rosie back out of the room. I lingered watching the threesome for a moment more, before I followed.
"What do you say we go back to our room and relax," suggested Jeffery.
"Our room has a hot tub," said Rosie. "Why don't we go there?"
Unanimously, we all headed back across the park to our building.
"Bill," said Rosie to me on the way back. "They just fuck like that in front of other people?"
"They're probably not too aware of what's going on around them. Just what's in front of them."
"Then why the need for a Playroom?"
"There are things there not in any of the rooms and it's large enough for parties."
"By parties, you mean orgies?" Rosie asked for clarification.
"Probably. We don't have to go back."
"I didn't say I didn't want to go back. I just want to work up to it."
"Is your suggestion of the hot tub working up to it?"
"Who knows? Let's let nature take its course," she said.
We rode up in the elevator with the same naked women as we rode down with. I was against the back wall and one of them backed up against me. She put her hands behind her back and fondled my cock during the short ride. I'm sure it was deliberate and I wondered if I would encounter her later in the week. I coded us into our room. Giselle noticed the messy bed. "I see you guys got an early start," she observed.
"Just a warm up," answered Rosie.
I was having trouble following the conversation. Rosie was responding in a way I never thought possible. Where I originally thought she might not warm up to the possibilities quickly, now I wondered if I was ready. Bill led the parade through the room and out on the deck.
I stopped at the fully supplied refrigerator and grabbed four imported beers for us. By the time I got to the deck, Bill had the hot tub bubbling and the heater on. The water was warm from the sun but not hot. However, it wasn't too cool to soak in.
I helped Rosie over the edge of the tub and then Giselle. Bill and I climbed in separately. We sat around the edge of the tub. Rosie clung close to me on my right and Giselle snuggled up to me on my left. Bill sat close to Giselle. We were all on one side of the tub with room for at least two more on the other side.
I sat back and took a slug of my beer. Rosie sipped her beer, put it on the edge of the tub, put an arm around my neck and her other hand on my cock. I responded as you might expect in spite of the cool water. I closed my eyes and let my body relax into Rosie's hand.
Giselle was moving next to me. I felt her hand on my thigh and move up my leg where she discovered Rosie's hand already busy. She leaned forward and asked Rosie, "May I?"
Rosie looked at me. I leaned over and kissed her using my tongue to send a message. "It's okay," I mouthed silently. Rosie let go of my cock and her hand was quickly replaced by Giselle's. Giselle had one foot on the bottom of the hot tub, one knee on the seat and she leaned in to kiss me while she stroked my erection. Jeffery was looking directly into Giselle's backside barely inches away. He leaned in and ran his tongue over the puffy labia extending from between Giselle's thighs.
Rosie had a far-away look on her face. Her features reflected both apprehension and hunger. She slid around on the seat until she was next to Bill. Bill was beginning to stand up behind Giselle, intending to push into her pussy from behind.
Rosie interrupted him and pushed him up on the edge of the tub. On her knees on the seat and between Jeffery's legs, Rosie took his erection in her hand and kissed the top of it with intent. Erect, Bill was not much larger than I was. That was encouraging for Rosie. She was an expert at oral sex practicing with me every chance she got. She could take me into her throat without gagging and she knew she could do the same with Jeffery.
Jeffery reacted audibly as Rosie's throat swallowed the end of his erection. Giselle looked over her shoulder to see what had caused Jeffery's exclamation. Satisfied he was in good hands, she spread her legs and straddled me in the hot tub. She leaned in and kissed me while sliding slowly down on my erection until I was fully inside her under the water. The kiss expanded to exchanging tongues and spit.
Giselle began pumping up and down vigorously on me. The waves she caused overpowered the action of the hot tub and splashed on Rosie's ass that was partly in the water. Rosie looked over her shoulder and noticed her man was well taken care of. She climbed up on the edge of the hot tub next to Jeff and whispered, "Fuck me."
Jeff slid off the edge of the tub, stood on the seat between Rosie's legs and, using one hand, ran the saliva dampened head of his erection between the wet lips of her pussy. Rosie moved her hips forward. Jeff responded and his cock slipped easily into Rosie. They pushed in unison until he was buried as far as he could go.
Rosie's mind was hysterical and her body was inflamed. "My God," she thought, "he's fucking me!
"A man is fucking me!
"A man I've known for less than eight hours is fucking me!
"I don't even know his last name and he's fucking me!
"On my God, it feels so good. He's fucking me!"
Her body was responding as never before. Jeff's movement was pushing almost every button she had leading to an orgasm. She wrapped her legs around his hips and used her heels against his cheeks to encourage him deeper and faster. She changed her position slightly and he began hitting the one place that was guaranteed to cause her to spasm uncontrollably.
The friction of his cock against the front wall of her pussy, behind her clitoris was on fire.
"Fuck me, go deeper!
"Fuck me, go harder!
"Fuck me, go faster!"
Rosie put her fist into her mouth in an attempt to quell the vocal explosion that she knew would accompany her orgasm. The orgasm began as a quivering deep inside her and the tsunami that was her orgasm erupted from her loins, through her body, bounced off her coccyx and set her spine on fire as it rose through her body. It bounced off her primitive, reptilian brain and coursed back down her back, through her torso and slammed into her pussy, releasing fluid from every gland she had.
As she recovered, she realized the man fucking her was still stroking away inside her. She determined to finish him. She squeezed her vaginal muscles, causing him to push harder just to continue moving inside her but he was undeterred. She squeezed harder until her body shook with the effort and he still fucked her. Her determination also restarted the quivering that she knew led to another orgasm.
She tried to control him and lost control of herself. She felt her orgasm reach the edge beyond which it was unstoppable. "Damn you. Don't fight me. Relax, fuck me and let yourself go," she shouted.
Her orgasm was rushing across her body and up her spine again. Her brain stem was unprepared for the onslaught and she almost blacked out as the wave of euphoria rebounded and started rushing down her spine a second time. Her orgasm collided with the hard cock fucking her and she felt it pulsing, its hot fluid splashing back against the flood of her own secretions.
Rosie and Jeff fell apart, exhausted from their combined efforts. Jeff slid down on the seat of the hot tub in the warming water and Rosie slid in front of him. He put his arms around her and held her tits as they tried to normalize their breathing.
Next to them, the wave machine that was Giselle, was still riding my cock for all she was worth. They watched as Giselle shuttered and moaned through another orgasm. I was leaning back with my eyes closed and my mouth open, breathing hard and trying to hold it all together before every nerve in my cock, balls and prostate fired.
Giselle was as determined as Rosie to bring her partner to completion. Abandoning her attempts to fuck me to completion, she bounced off me, slipped to her knees in the water between my legs and plunged her head underwater to suck on my erection.
She worked on me for over thirty seconds before she came up for air. She inhaled a deep breath and plunged down on me a second time. She repeated every thirty or forty seconds until she felt me begin to shift my hips, readying myself for my orgasm. She buried her face in the water and her mouth on my erection for the last time. Rosie and Jeff could see Giselle's cheeks implode as she sucked my cock with strength beyond her previous efforts.
It took over thirty seconds before I capitulated and when I did, it was spectacular. My hips pushed up against Giselle's face and I erupted in her mouth under the water. Her cheeks expanded with my effort. Seven or eight pulses later, I was done and so was Giselle. Her head broke the surface of the water, gasping for breath. She almost choked on the ounces of my semen in her mouth as she attempted to get her breath. The cloudy fluid seeped over her lower lip and dripped on her breasts.
She closed her mouth to quell the flow and stood in front of me to show me the contents of her mouth. She looked into my eyes and swallowed, twice and then kissed me, open-mouthed, pushing the remaining fluid into my mouth.
Giselle settled down on the tub seat, leaned against me facing Rosie and Jeff. She pulled my arms around her body and put my hands on her tits. I shifted until we were comfortable and I squeezed Giselle's tits as I watched Jeff squeeze Rosie's tits. We sat in the tub for quite a while, fondling the other man's wife and watching the strands of escaped orgasmic fluids swirl in the water.
Rosie was the first to break the reverie. She had to pee and announced it as she separated herself from Jeff, climbed out of the tub and headed for the bathroom. We watched through the open sliding glass doors of the room and the clear glass of the bathroom walls, as she sat on the toilet, peed, shook off a few lingering drops and patted herself dry with a few squares of paper.
Rosie walked back to the hot tub and looked over the rim. "That water doesn't look particularly inviting," she said. "I vote we move inside," and headed back into the room. Jeff followed her as she sat on the sofa but kept going, headed for the bathroom.
Giselle gave me a lingering, more to come style, kiss and suggested we join Rosie and Jeff inside. I followed Giselle into the room. Rosie was half lounging on the sofa and Jeff was visible through the clear glass of the shower. I slid under Rosie's legs on the sofa and moved over to leave Giselle room. Instead, Giselle headed for the bathroom and stepped into the shower with her husband.
Rosie and I watched, transfixed by the sexy couple showering in front of us. Giselle gently held Jeff's penis as he peed in the shower and then washed him thoroughly with a washcloth and the shower gel on the wall. Giselle peed and Jeff did the clean up honors for her. They kissed and fondled but, in spite of Giselle's best efforts with both hands and mouth, Jeff remained at ease. Giselle, on the other hand, looked ready for action.
As we watched, I gently stroked Rosie's pussy in my lap and thumbed her clitoris. She moaned softly, closed her eyes and missed most of the action in the shower. Eventually, Giselle and Jeff shut off the shower, dried each other and came back into the room. Jeff waved good-bye and headed for the door.
"Where's Jeff going?" I asked.
"He's a one and done kinda guy," Giselle told me. "He's headed back to our room."
"After what I watched between him and Rosie in the hot tub, I'm not surprised," I offered.
"I was impressed," Giselle added. "We may not see him again for two days."
"How about you?" I asked.
"I'd like to stay with you guys for a while, if that's okay with you?" she answered.
Rosie opened her eyes. "Is that okay with you?" I asked her.
"Oh, yeah," she exclaimed looking at Giselle standing in front of her with her hands on her hips, her nipples at attention and her pussy just inches from Rosie's face. She licked her lips in anticipation.
My mind flashed back to the scene in the Playroom of the two ladies and the single man. "Could something like that be in my future," I wondered.
Giselle looked at Rosie and me on the sofa and the space I had left for her next to me. "This looks kinda awkward. I suggest we move to the bed."
It didn't take convincing. Rosie immediately rolled of the sofa and headed for the oversized bed. Together, Rosie and Giselle removed the spread and folded down the light blanket and top sheet. Rosie climbed in one side of the bed.
"You're in the middle," said Giselle to her and Rosie slid over to make room for one of us on either side of her. I watched for the next ninety minutes as Giselle took an orgasmic tour of pleasure on Rosie's body and then, in act two, allowed Rosie return the favor. They never forgot I was there. Throughout, they kissed me, fondled me, blew me and generally kept my attention. By the time they were done with each other, I was erect to the point of pain and anxious to get into the action.
They pushed me into the center of the bed in preparation for act three. "Who's first?" asked Giselle.
"I think we should share," suggested Rosie. "Better yet, a contest."
"A contest? What does that mean?" asked Giselle.
"Yeah, what does that mean?" I emphasized.
"We fuck him for two minutes each until he cums. Winner gets to fuck him first next time."
"Deal," said Giselle. "Prepare to wait your turn," she added.
"You think you'll win?" asked Rosie.
"I do. You don't have a chance," challenged Giselle.
"You saw what I did to Jeff. You want to make a side bet?" rejoindered Rosie. "Loser has to fuck him at least once a day while we're here."
"I have a real incentive to lose," analyzed Giselle.
"And I have an incentive to win, so I can watch," insisted Rosie.
"Look, let's just screw the bet and fuck him in rotation until he cums. Either way, I promise to fuck him every day both of us are here and you can watch if you want to."
"And Jeff?"
"He can watch too, if he wants to. Maybe, he'll just fuck you instead."
While Rosie considered Giselle's proposal, I spoke up. "What about me? Don't I get a say in the matter?"
Rosie looked at me. "Do you have a problem with it?"
"No," I said.
"Then you've had your say." To Giselle she said, "Who goes first?"
The whole scene seemed surreal to me. Throughout the conversation, Rosie was stroking my erection to insure I hadn't lost interest. They settled the question by playing one round of Rock/Paper/Scissors and Giselle settled down on me, taking me deep into her pussy.
Two minutes later, Rosie announced, "My turn."
"Damn, he's close. I almost had him," she said. Giselle reluctantly lifted off me and Rosie replaced her. Giselle began watching the clock on the nightstand.
Two minutes later, they changed shifts. Giselle was wrong. Neither one of them had an advantage. Neither one of them was getting me close to my losing composure. If anything, the short breaks between fucking the women allowed me some recovery time and extended the drama.
After a half dozen rounds, Giselle suggested a change. She got on her knees next to me and invited me to enter her from behind. She grabbed a pillow for her head and put her ass far up in the air for me. Rosie agreed and did the same next to her. Two minutes fucking Giselle and two minutes fucking Rosie, only this time I was doing the moving between them. The women also took advantage of their positions to kiss each other and fondle each other breasts.
Twenty minutes later, Giselle suggested another change. "This could take all night. I suggest one of us finish him off and the other one waits until later to make him cum again."
"Who goes first?" asked Rosie.
After a second round of Rock/Paper/Scissors, Rosie rolled on her back, lifted her legs high over her head and pulled me on top of her. I'd never felt Rosie so hot and so wet. She was forty-two years old and married to me for eighteen of those years. I slid into her and her legs immediately came around my hips and her heels dug into my ass. She pulled and pushed with me, emphasizing each stroke with her legs and her arms around my chest. Giselle aided in my eventual capitulation by fondling my balls and sucking them into her mouth and slowly pushing them out with her tongue.
I could feel Rosie climaxing under me. My moment came when Giselle licked my ass hole and pushed a finger inside against my prostate. Until that moment, I didn't know I had a hair trigger. I shot everything I had accumulated since the hot tub deep into Rosie's pussy. She shouted in victory, squeezed my erection and pushed the accumulating ooze alongside my cock until it ran down her thighs and dripped on the bed.
The women high-fived each other. I should have been embarrassed but I was having too much fun to care. I like contests. Even more when I couldn't lose.
Much later, after we slept for a while, Giselle and I had a long, sensual, fuck. Nothing fancy, just me between her uplifted legs and Rosie adding her contributions, fondling my balls, Giselle's tits and kissing both of us.
Near the end, Giselle told Rosie to, "Stick your finger up his ass."
After Giselle did the same thing, I was ready for Rosie and her nimble finger. I withstood her first onslaught but succumbed to a two-fingered salute. Giselle loved the result and came with me.
I woke up in the morning with two women draped over my body. I had my arms around them and they were sleeping with one leg each over my legs and their heads on my chest. Rosie was snoring lightly and Giselle had one hand gripping my deflated penis.
I had to pee and getting up was not going to be easy. I kissed Giselle on her forehead, twice, before she woke up and looked up at me.
"I have to pee," I told her.
She squeezed my cock more tightly in response.
"That's not helping," I said.
Giselle slowly rolled off me and sat on the bed alongside me. I slid from under Rosie and managed to get off the bed. I walked quickly to the bathroom and stood in front of the toilet. Giselle watched me through the glass wall of the bathroom as I peed. I shook off the last drops. When I turned, I saw Giselle smiling at me. I waved my limp penis at her and washed my hands.
By the time I got back to the bed, Rosie was awake and sitting on the bed alongside Giselle. "Good morning," she said. "I think it's wonderful that we're all still here this beautiful morning," she added.
Giselle looked at both of us. "Who goes first?" she asked.
"Whoa," I interjected. "Nobody goes first, or last. I need to get nourishment and some actual recovery time."
"Spoil sport," said Rosie.
We showered together in the large shower. We all went first and last, only just for the fun of it. Rosie headed for the breakfast buffet while Giselle headed for her room and Jeff. After breakfast, Rosie and I took a lingering walk on the beach. Neither of us was the least self-consciousness. Rosie glowed as we walked. Sex was obviously a great incentive for her and feeling comfortable naked in public an acceptable consequence.
As we walked, she frequently pointed out women to me and asked if I would like to fuck them. She had excellent taste and, honestly, I couldn't respond negatively so I just smiled at her. She was an equal opportunity identifier and suggested several men saying, "I would like to fuck him," or "Look at the package on that guy." Her statements didn't require a response from me but I thought, "I wonder what his wife looks like."
We stopped at the bar just after noon for our first complementary cocktail of the day. We were sitting looking at the ocean and the naked bodies in the foreground, when Giselle walked up and sat down at our table.
"Hi," said Rosie.
"Hi," Giselle said in return. She turned to me. "I'm here to fulfill my promise to you last night."
"Rosie?" I asked.
"You two go ahead. I'll wait here until you get back. Maybe I'll get lucky," she added.
Giselle became my lunchtime appetizer for the rest of the week. Rosie shared that she was more than just lucky during my absences. She admitted to fucking one of the young attendants behind some bushes on the beach and she shared some quality time with two other couples in their rooms. She really enjoyed gamboling on her own and encouraged me to do the same. I struck out with the scantily clad, overly busty, bar maid but she was glad to point out a college sophomore, table server who gave me an extended tour of one of the beach cabanas and more.
I connected with an elderly couple on Wednesday afternoon and went back to their room with them. They admitted to spending time the previous afternoon with Rosie and wanted to get to know me better. I did my best. I left them asleep on their bed.
Every morning, when we returned to our room from breakfast, there were fresh sheets on the bed, clean towels in the bathroom and the hot tub had been drained, cleaned and refilled. The rest of the week, we met numerous couples for drinks, conversation and intercourse. Every night, Rosie turned on the hot tub heat before we left for dinner. Giselle and Jeff occupied Tuesday and Thursday nights and the other evenings and, some nights, were one time encounters with couples of various skills and ages.
Giselle and Jeff were leaving Saturday morning. We weren't leaving until Sunday. Giselle spent all night with us on Friday night and left early to pack. Jeff was still recovering from Thursday's activities. Giselle made sure we had her contact information and she had ours. It turned out we were almost neighbors, living in nearby states only three hours away by car.
Saturday night, Rosie and I spent together in the hot tub, the shower and the bed. We made it a special night, concluding the week together and preparing to continue our life at home.
Sunday morning, we packed to leave. We packed our clothing, already as clean and folded as they were when we got there. "I don't know why we brought so much stuff we didn't need," she stated tongue in cheek. The resort van took us back to the airport and we headed home. On the flight, I did some mental arithmetic concerning the trip. Excluding my time with Rosie, I calculated that I'd spent about one hundred dollars for each time I'd gotten laid. Not bad when you consider all the other extras included.
At home, Rosie instituted some immediate changes. Before we could even unpack, Rosie adjusted all the blinds and window coverings in the house to minimize views from outside, removed her traveling clothes and put nothing else on. It was instantly clear to me that she intended to live a naturalist life style at home and when she encouraged me to take off my clothes as well, I had little excuse not to.
She also wore a minimum of clothing whenever we had to leave the house. For example, when she went grocery shopping that first afternoon at home, she wore a simple shift dress with a short skirt and a v-neck neckline and sandals. No bra. No panties.
When we went out to dinner, she changed to a plunging neckline also without underwear. She discovered an affinity for teasing clerks, waiters and other service employees to a peek of her tits whenever she felt the urge to do it and she felt the urge often.
If we had a need for a technician to service any of the household appliances, she put on a loosely tied robe and entertained them while they worked. Her only concession to me was that she wouldn't fuck any of them.
Rosie also began to plan another visit to the resort in Jamaica. She had absolutely enjoyed every minute of our all-inclusive vacation and wanted to return as soon and as often as possible. I told her it was very expensive and she began to save everything she could so we could afford it. After a painful and long examination of our budget, she believed we could manage a trip once a year.
She also coordinated with Giselle, planning to visit Jamaica on the same dates and getting together at other times during the year. She told me Jeff and Giselle would be visiting us for a weekend in about three weeks.
She also began another project, wondering if there were other Hedonistic couples closer to home than Jeff and Giselle. I don't know if her efforts have borne fruit yet but I'm sure, if they're out there, Rosie will find them. I hope it doesn't take too long. She's not the only one missing variety in the bedroom.
Finally, Rosie can't get enough sex. Every day, all day, she'd prefer fucking to reading or watching TV. We now have a gardener. I don't disagree with her. I'd be a fool to discourage her. We spend hours just holding each other, fondling and probing each other's bodies.
She's sworn not to seek sex, even a harmless kiss or squeeze, with anyone, man or woman, without including me in the mix. I believe her. I have no choice. I've made the same commitment to her and I intend to keep it. There is this young busty intern at work who keeps flirting with me. So far it's relatively harmless. If it goes any further, I'll have to tell Rosie about her. I know she'll love the girl's tits. I'll have to find out if she has a husband or significant other for Rosie.
The changes in Rosie this spring and summer are incredible. With my encouragement, her metamorphosis from a beautiful, but overly cautious, puritanical matron to a beautiful, sexy, full of life woman with an appreciation of her own body and how she can use it to influence both men and women, is complete.
At least, I think it's complete. She's come further than I ever expected. I can live with that. Actually, I want to live with that. I want nothing more than living with Rosie.
However, Giselle is cuming in three weeks.