Forging its way into the abyss the fuel freighter gleamed like a forbidden jewel, waiting to be picked from the branches of the broiling nebula in the distance.
Waiting in the abyss, floated the Amazi. Aging battlecruiser from stem to stern, his hull was tattooed in a patchwork of a hundred repair jobs performed in a dozen backwater spacedocks. Pacing the conning bridge, Captain Kim watched the prey with a determined scowl before giving orders to the helm officer.
"Sound general quarters, bring us about three degrees starboard, sixteen degrees ventral pitch."
Kim eased back into her crash couch and took a sip from stale coffee, still barely clinging to its last remnants of heat. A tall redhead reported back from the tactical station, her voice was a light tenor.
"Contact is turning to face us, I've got movement from point defense turrets."
She was right, as they closed Kim could see the small tri-barrelled point defense guns rotating back and forth, scanning for the target the freighters commander knew was there, but couldn't get the computer to lock onto. Amazi had an old but effective EM cloak, and this was precisely why she had refused to upgrade to automated point defense networks. Well, that and a constant lack of funds. Kim barked a quick order to the gunnery officer, Sergeant Carter.
"Get me a firing solution Carter, and put a shot across their bow. Let them know our purpose."
Without the freighters fuel Amazi wouldn't have enough power to keep the air scrubbers charged, much less find a more profitable target.
"Solution found, firing" Carter responded, she was a wiry woman from the outer colonies and Kim had always appreciated the slow drawl her voice brought to the bridge.
A slight ripple could be seen in the space separating the two vessels, followed by a detonation and a rippling shockwave just off the port bow of the freighter. Its fuselage visibly shuddered from the shockwave, but kept pushing forward regardless, closing the distance between the two vessels. Something didn't sit right.
"Still no response Skip." An excitable young communications officer piped up, holding her earpiece tentatively through locks of flowing blonde hair.
"I don't think they'll be giving one Jones, Carter go ahead and fire to disa..." Kim was interrupted from her order by a ripple erupting from behind the freighter and detonating a few meters off Amazi's ventral midship. A metallic groan shook the deck plates under their feet, sending hands grabbing for deck holds and officers floating back to crash couches as the gravity cut in and out.
"Disable her Carter. Now. Helm, hard to starboard, open an angle on his aft, something is hiding in the freighter's sensor shadow."
Kim barked her orders in rapid fire, and no sooner had the command left her lips a salvo of ripples tore through the freighter's port side and spat broken hull plates and debris out into the dark abyss. One shot tore through the port engine nacelle, and a brilliant flurry of flashes darted across the stern of the vessel.
Amazi was armed with four auto loading EM cannons that fired 80mm tungsten shells at near light speed, leaving a ripple of spacial distortion in their wake. They were considerably larger calibre than most vessels of her size, and the freighter was an old civilian unprepared for the onslaught it faced. With a lumbering turn to starboard, he limped away, struggling under the mismatched power of its starboard engines, thick plumes of grayish green plasma flowing behind it from the shattered port nacelle.
"Hold fire, scan for the second target." An uncomfortable silence hung over the bridge. Every eye watching the data streams and visual displays, waiting for the shadow to clear.
"Contact, fourteen mark three zero, small vessel, fighter class, sending recommended solution" the tactical officer called out, moments later Carter responded.
"Solution good, firing now."
Another stream of ripples, and the small fighter erupted in a ball of metal shards and plasma. It had a good plan. It tried to close the range by surfing the freighters shadow, but it had failed to adjust for the freighters sudden change in course. Kim needed to work quickly now.
"Tactical, keep scanning for any friends he might have. Helm, go ahead and bring us to the freighter and prepare for docking. Let's get this done."
They needed this fuel. More than ever. The edge of the nebula was rough territory, and the crew needed a payday. The freighter probably wouldn't be profitable, fuel was hard to sell. But it would allow them to venture through the nebula into better hunting grounds, and finally something worth the risk. She just hoped it wasn't too late. The morale was suffering.
"Vickers, take Dani and Axie with you, and form a boarding party. Secure the freighter, offload as much fuel as you can within an hour, and check their reserve hold for anything unusual." Commander Vickers nodded along as Kim gave the orders, her dark eyes sparking with the anticipation of boarding action. She gave a quick nod toward Kim and turned on heel, clicking her communicator as she ducked through the hatch.
"Dani, Axie, prepare for EVA and meet me at the starboard gangway."
A pair of voices echoed back to her as she grabbed the deck ladder and slid down.
"Willco"
One word. Simple, straightforward, precise. This was good, this was how she liked to start an operation. With a single swift movement she swung the hatch open and walked into the starboard gangway past a row of lockers leading to the airlock. The last one in the row was bright red, unlike the gunmetal grey of the others, and adorned with a spray painted V. After a quick snap of the thumb lock, the locker hatch swung open revealing her boarding kit.
Nobody left a ship without a suit. They were heavy and studded with armor, but stiflingly hot onboard, where the heat of the guns and various machinery kept the cold of space far at bay. Because of this, the crew typically just wore thin green tactical vests with loops for comms units and small arms, and then matching bikini bottoms for a semblance of modesty while preserving the comfort and necessity of a sweaty gundeck.
Vickers had finished the last latch on her suit when the other two girls came skittering around the corner, the first, a pale skinned and fair haired German girl named Dani, and the second an equally fair skinned but red headed girl named Axie. They were the most junior members of the crew, signing on as soon as they turned 20, hoping to find adventure and escape from the warzones of Europa.
"Get suited up. As soon as we dock we have one hour to complete fuel transfer, and examine the reserve hold." They nodded briskly in response and swung open their own lockers, revealing more suites of the same design.
After a few minutes of latching up, and helping one another with the heavy armored helmets that accompanied each suit, a soft clunk on the other side of the semi-circular hatch cued their arrival. Vickers handed each girl an EM rifle before taking her own. The speakers inside their helmets crackled with the captain's voice.
"Alright Vickers, you're cleared for boarding, good luck"
They all motioned to one other with a snap of their free hand, it was the natural nonverbal cue when their faces were hidden behind the dark armored helmets. Vickers slapped the hatch controls and it rolled aside with a hiss, exposing the dark interior of the awaiting freighter.
Cautiously the three proceeded down the gangway, dark scoring along the bulkheads and deck plate showing evidence of a previous skirmish, something wasn't right. Charred remains of heavy gatling turrets marked the gangway at its end, where the corridor junctioned off to the aft and bow.
Marking the space between the two corridors, was a meter wide dump valve leading to the primary fuel lockers. Vickers opened a radio channel to the other girls.
"Gangway is secure, you two begin offload, and maintain an open channel. Report any movement or engagement."
She shouldered her rifle and headed down the aft corridor. In turn, Dani began typing in commands on the valve plate as Axie returned through Amazi's airlock for the upload line.
The corridor was dark and cramped, lined on both sides with thick iron plumbing and arrays of valve systems for sending fuel between the primary tanks. There was a clunk, and a soft hum that thrummed through the bulkheads as pumps for the tanks activated. The girls must have successfully begun the offload, so the clock was ticking. Just before the corridor slanted towards the port stern, a large hatch appeared leading inboard, locked shut with a softly glowing control panel.
Vickers removed a small metal spike from the cuff of her EV suit, turned the head of it counter clockwise, and attached its magnetic backplate to the side of the control panel. She typed in a series of characters, and a loud grinding creak issued from the iron latches around the circular hatch. With a hiss it slid inward.
With the rifle tightly against her armored shoulder, Vickers stepped into the gloomy reserve hold, scanning side to side for more automated defense systems. Usually, fuel freighters didn't hold much of anything of significant value in the reserve hold, just extra components and auxiliary power units for maintenance. But something didn't feel right about this whole ship.
Everything looked right at first, a few crates of parts, all too large to take. But then, against the forward bulkhead, she saw something large and rectangular, about six feet long and three feet high, with a soft blueish glow radiating from the top of it. As she walked closer, rifle still at ready, she noticed a long bank of control panels along the edge of the object. This wasn't spare parts. Vickers had seen one of these during the rebellion, this was a human cargo pod.
Up close, the top was evidently clear, and the blue glow was coming from inside. What she saw inside made her freeze up with surprise and a tinge of excitement. Slowly, and with forced calmness, she cued her comm unit.
...
"A male?! Here? Aboard a fuel freighter?" Captain Kim exclaimed excitedly, getting up from her command couch and looking across the surprised faces of the other officers.
Vickers replied back, echoing through the bridge after Kim switched it to shipwide frequency.
"I confirm, looks to be in his late 20's, good health, definitely a male. Currently in a stasis pod. I'm not sure how to move the pod though, as soon as we disconnect it from the ship it will begin the extraction sequence. He's too valuable to leave here, but I don't know what to expect if we wake him."
Kim paced the width of the bridge slowly and ponderously. Vickers was right, they couldn't leave him behind. He was too valuable. But a male loose on the ship? That could be disastrous. Few of the women aboard had likely ever seen a male, and one wandering around the decks might ignite some passions that the ship's morale couldn't withstand.
"Examine the power conduits Commander, see if we can rig a portable to it for transport." No sooner had the order left her lips, tactical interrupted.
"Captain, two more contacts entering sensor range exiting the nebula. They are on a fast intercept course."
Captain Kim moved quick.
"Belay that order Vickers, disconnect immediately and get that stasis pod on board. Dani, Axie, cut the valve and secure the line. Get back aboard on the double. We have company."
Kim resumed her post in the command couch and swung a view screen in front of her for a telescopic view of the approaching vessels. They were moving fast.
"Carter I want a firing solution on that lead vessel, and a standby on the one to its starboard. Fire as we bear, shoot to kill this time." Captain Kim had fuel and a prize, she'd be damned if she was going to lose it now.
"Valve closed, line secured, were helping Vickers with the stasis unit." Daz reported, echoing over the bridge speakers as a series of flashes issued from one of the enemy ships. Tactical interrupted again.
"Multiple contacts branching off from the farthest vessel, looks like fighters."
Kim pulled up a comms line to the point defense turrets.
"Taz, Daz, go hot, multiple contacts inbound."
The small blister turrets on the ventral and dorsal edges of the Amazi housed point defense weaponry. Unlike the freighter, Amazi's turrets housed twin-barreled EM cannons operated by humans who could lock onto anything they could see. Tactical announced an update.
"Fighters closing fast, their torpedo tubes are showing activity." Normally that wouldn't pose much of a concern for Amazi, their agility made torpedoes useless, but latched to the freighter they were an easy target.
"Vickers, we need to go now."
"Wilco, we're at the gangway, just a few more moments."
Tactical announced again.
"Torpedoes fired, 30 seconds to impact."
The dull thud-thud-thud of the point defense turrets reverberated through the hull, and puffs of reddish grey starbursts lit up in a perimeter around the ship. The fighters were still too far away, but the flack would blind the targeting systems of the torpedoes, and maybe take a few down.
"Were clear." Vickers announced over the bridge comm and everyone jumped to action as Kim barked orders.
"Seal hatch, release clamps, and give me three quarters to starboard, pitch down 40 degrees. At 100 meters begin evasive patterns and launch chaff."
Each order could be felt in reply as a thud or groan through the hull as locking clamps released and engines spooled up. A brace alarm announced, and tactical began counting.
The barrage of torpedoes ripped right through their dissipating wake, into the full flank of the fuel freighter. Kim shouted for flank speed as the deck plates surged beneath their feet and a brilliant flash lit up the viewport. Everything went silent for a moment as the gunners were blinded by the blast.
When the shockwave struck, a crunch of metal filled the air, the precursor of a painful overpressure, and the feeling that the deck plate had fallen out from under their feet, only to reach back up and slam back into the crew with newfound ferocity.
"Damage report!" Kim coughed out, a splatter of blood from a bitten lip splattered the deck. The smoke from blown fuse panels stung her eyes.
"Engines stuttered with the shockwave, but were still at full power. Remote weapons controls are down though, same with air handlers and a half a dozen other subsystems."
Without being able to fire the main weapons, they had to run for it.
"All available speed, head into the nebula. Carter can you assume local control of the aft guns?"
"I can try Captain" The grim gunnery officer turned from her bridge post and took off down the dark corridor. They might at least be able to get some parting shots off.
The scanners didn't show the fighters anymore, the explosion of the freighter probably overwhelmed their hulls and crushed them like tin cans. What was left might still be adrift somewhere, but she couldn't pick up their power signatures. The larger ships were unphased, and still on course.
"Ok, helm, dump plasma into the manifolds and cut engines full reverse on my mark. Hold this course." When the plasma hit the manifolds it would nebulize and screen them, as long as they didn't outrun the cloud.
"Helm... mark."
A deep groan resonated through the bulkheads as the Amazi's powerful engines reversed thrust, and a shrill whine joined the cacophony as the inertial dampers struggled to keep up.
The lead ship opened fire, and dark ripples flashed across the bow precisely where the ship would have been. A second tremble rumbled through the deck as the shockwave hit them.
"Light buckling on the port nacelle struts, she's holding. We're losing momentum"
The deck bucked again as the aft guns fired, under local control by Carter. Brilliant flashes erupted along the dorsal edge of the lead ship. One by one navigation lights went dark and the hull appeared to contract. Moments later the port half detonated in a violent display, spraying debris across the path of the following vessels. Kim spun around to the helm station.
"Helm, coast on this course and momentum, manifold the plasma."
The whine of the reversing engines stopped, and it was followed by a roaring cough that shuddered through the deck and into their bones. A pale blue haze blanketed the viewports and sensors.
The last image Kim caught, was of the pursuers scattering in a desperate attempt to avoid the field of spreading debris coming from the destroyed hulk. Bright flashes along their hulls gave evidence to the futility. Amazi was pulling away, shrouded in the pale cloud of blue trailing into the nebula.
"Alright. Secure from general quarters. Vickers, come up and take the bridge. I want to go investigate our newfound cargo."
Taz was the only member of the crew who was certified as a medic, so she typically ran double duty as ship's doctor and turret gunner. Now, her nimble hands were at work on the control panel of the blue glowing stasis pod. She looked up at Captain Kim as she entered the medbay.
"Vitals are stable, we can open it."
The smell of smoke and electrical fatigue still hung on the air as the two women stood before the pod. Kim stared into the blue glow before answering solemnly.
"Well then, we have little choice. Do the thing."
With a hiss, the two halves of the pod parted, with the top half swinging up and away at a jaunted angle. A cloud of blueish fog rose, before slowly settling once more upon the deck and the figure rising up from inside.
He was muscular and wide shouldered, with dark glistening skin and short clean cut head of hair matching a close well trimmed beard. Captain Kim caught herself in a gasp, and Taz shyly covered her mouth as he stood up and revealed a large flaccid cock.
He seemed equally surprised at his surroundings, his golden brown eyes danced around the room and between the two beautiful women clad in vests and bikinis before him. The taller woman, with dark hair and a piercing gaze spoke first.
"Welcome aboard the Amazi. I am Captain Kim, this is our medical officer Taz, do you have a name?"
At first he didn't look like he understood, but then a cloud seemed to lift as light twinkled back to his eyes. Taz spoke up, keying something on the pods control panel.
"You should be fine. These modern pods are exquisite, and have almost no turn around time... though memory refraction can be, temperamental. You may need some time"
"It's alright, I can't remember much, but everything is moving fast. This is a ship?" He replied slowly, looking again between Taz and Kim. The Captain responded to his question.
"Yes, the Amazi. We're a pirate vessel to be honest, we were unloading fuel from a freighter when we found you. But, there was no crew aboard, do you know anything about that?"
"I... no. I don't remember anything." He said, glancing down at his outstretched hands.
"Captain, I don't think he'll have answers on that. The initiation date on this pod.. He was put into stasis almost thirty years ago." Taz continued to key commands into the control panel as she spoke, and he found himself entranced by her. She was about chest high, with flowing red hair and a face filled with freckles. Her eyes were green and sparkled when the light caught them. The Captain interrupted his reverie into the beautiful girl before him.
"Alright, I'm returning to the bridge, contact me when you learn more. Sir, for the time being, you're in the care of Taz. For your safety, and the safety of the crew, it's probably best if she remains as your medical escort. I'll be back to check on you in a few hours."
With that, she turned through the companionway and closed the hatch behind her.
"Stand back up for me, I need to check your muscle response." Taz said softly, her mischivous grin looking like a lighthouse guiding him to a pleasurable shore leave. As he stood, her hands grasped his wide shoulders, and started to slide down his thick chest and rippled abs, wrapping around his abdomen, and resting on his hips.
"Your upper body seems in good shape." She continued and looked down, examining him with her eyes as her hands slid down his firm buttocks and thighs, then drifted back up and brushed against his quickly hardening cock.
"And your lower body seems, exquisite." It came out as a murmur as she looked back up and locked eyes with him. She gripped her hand around his now hard shaft.
"Taz. I am watching you on the security monitors" Vickers voice announced from the speakers above.
"Well, I guess we should get you dressed." She replied with the same smile again. She let go of his cock and backed away with a wink before she grabbed the comm unit on the wall.
"Thanks for watching Vick."
She opened a cabinet in the bulkhead and pulled out a large vest similar to her own and handed it to him. He took it, and stared into her eyes.
"Ekon. My name is Ekon."
She smiled, matching his gaze.
"Nice to meet you Ekon."
"So um, what do I do for pants?" He asked as he pulled the vest on.
"Hmm. Thats a fun problem. For now use this towel, make a sort of loincloth out of it, I'll try to come up with something better." She giggled and tossed him a thin black towel. He tried to figure out a way to cover himself with it for a moment, and then settled on a wrap around his waist like a kilt.
She guided him out of the hatch and down a short corridor to a ladder that led to the decks above and below, and she clambered up it with a slip. He followed behind, and got a nice glimpse of her bikini clad ass as she shimmied up ahead of him.
A commanding voice called out up ahead, from a tall imposing woman with chestnut hair and a gaze that could pierce the hull.
"Good to see you in clothes, male. I'm Commander Vickers, this way."
The corridor they stood in was much darker and tighter than the cargo hold, and he had to stoop to keep from hitting his head on the power conduits overhead as she guided them around the corner. The woman who awaited them, was the spitting image of Taz. Vickers continued in a stern tone.
"Daz here is going to take you to the aft point defense turret, and train you in how to operate it."
"Follow me, and I'll show you the way. Watch your step, the conduits here are everywhere, the turrets require an enormous amount of power." Daz said with almost the same mischievous grin he had seen a few minutes before in the medbay. She led him down a maze of conduits and ammunition magazines before they reached an angled hatch in the bulkhead.
"Here is my turret, but I'll go ahead and set you up in the midship turret, and that will become your station. Taz takes the forward turret. We're clones from the same facility, and we share a neural link. So we work well together, it will be interesting to see how you fit in."
She eyed him up and down before continuing.
"It hasn't been used for a while, so it might be a bit finicky. We've been short a gunner for quite some time."
As they walked, he couldn't help but watch the way her ass bounced up and down with each step. Like all of the crew, her clothing was very thin, and the bikini bottoms she wore left little to the imagination. He understood though, the heat on this deck was oppressive. He was already beginning to sweat.
As they reached the next hatch she opened it with a flourish. Inside it opened into a transparent half ball sticking out from the hull. A single crash couch sat on a gimbal, surrounded by controls and display panels for the cannons mounted on the outside of the ball.
"And here we are. This is going to be a bit awkward, but we're going to just kind of cram in at first so I can show you things. You first."
Ekon climbed through the narrow hatch and took the couch, and she climbed in behind him, and with a graceful swing dropped into his lap. The hatch sealed behind them with a hiss.
"Ok, so obviously, the two sticks control the main cannons. Just push them in the direction you want to go, and pull the paddle triggers to fire."
Daz pulled Ekon's arms around her and squeezed them to the two joysticks on the center console.
"This switch activates passive defenses, which will throw up a randomized wall of starburst flak across our entire midship quadrant." She reached between their legs and guided his left hand to a switch at the base of the couch. In the process, she ground back into him and felt his cock hardening against her ass. She smiled to herself. This was going to be fun.
"Now let's traverse the ball. This takes some getting used to." She directed his feet onto two pedals below the seat. As he pressed each one the ball turned in that direction, and with a few quick experiments he figured out how to traverse it up and down.
Each time he traversed the ball, Daz was pushed around in his lap rapidly, and it wasn't long before they were both breathing heavily, and his hard cock was bare and firmly pressed against her, only the bikini between them with the towel loose and draped around the couch.
"Ok, now to have some fun!" She said with a smirk, and leaned forward to pull the red priming switch. As she did so, he felt the pressure on his cock give way, and it was a surprising relief. When she came back, the pressure felt incredible. His cock was wedged firmly between her thighs, rubbing against the damp fabric of her bikini. She stammered as she gave the next directions.
"Ok, uhm... Oh, uh take aim at something out.."
But before they had a chance to continue, the comm crackled overhead with Captain Kim's voice.
"Daz? Vickers says that you're in the midships point defense gun, I think we're being trailed. Do you see that disturbance off our starboard quarter?"
In the blue haze, a circular pattern of ripples appeared just where the Captain had said. Daz braced herself, sitting up off Ekon's cock for a moment to gain better composure.
"Err.. yes mam, I see it."
"Good. I'm going to hit it with a sighting beam. If I get reflection, I want you to light the target up understood? Stay alert, I think it might shoot back."
"Aye, aye Captain." Daz replied before keying the comm back off. Ekon started to squirm underneath her. He spoke in a raspy voice.
"Should I get out and let you handle this? I don't want us to lose our target."
She turned around and looked into his eyes, giving the same mischievous grin once again.
"Not a chance space-boy. As long as you're comfortable, I'm comfortable. We need to train you after all."
He smiled back with an almost eager nod and she turned around. Letting loose of the comm, Daz slid back down on his cock, wiggling it up against her pussy through the bikini, and took his hands to slide them up the control sticks..
"Just like before. Line up on where you feel the target is, wait for the right moment, and enjoy the ride."
A bright orange flash erupted from the sensor array above, and the blue haze parted for a fraction of a second, revealing a small fighter hiding just where the captain suspected.
Ekon stomped the right pedal, spinning the ball around, and eased the target into the reticule that he could see over Daz's shoulder. As soon as the crosshair lined up with the lead indicator, he squeezed the paddle triggers and the ball shook around him. The vibration of the guns firing pumped through the crash couch and Daz squirmed between gasping breaths. It knocked the aim off target, and the fighter juked to port just in time.
Now, it was diving hard to make a pass across the point defense turrets. Ekon smashed down on both pedals, dropping the ball, and spun the crosshairs back onto the target. In the process Daz tipped forward and had to brace herself against the console before pushing back into his lap.
This had the unintentional effect of lining herself up just right to crash down with his cock pushing into her, and she reached down to push it aside, but her thumb caught her bikini and pushed it aside to.
When he spun the turret again to stay with the fighter, his cock slid across her bare pussy and they both gasped in ecstasy.
He missed the fighter again, and it was closing fast. She took the sticks from Ekon and shouted back.
"Let's take this back in the hands of a professional shall we."
He nodded in agreement and reached between her legs to adjust his cock from grinding against her. Another shift in the ball though, caused him to grab for a hold, and now his middle and index finger was inside of her..
She gasped in delight and rocked her hips back, and they both lost the last bit of control. He pushed his hips forward to match, and the tip of his waiting cock pressed just inside her. He slid his hand up slightly, and started working circles around her clit.
She squealed and squeezed the trigger, her shots grazing off the wing of the fighter causing it to turn off and attempt a second pass.
Then she tipped up, and back down, driving his throbbing cock fully inside her. He groaned, and stroked her clit as the vibrations of the firing guns worked through his cock and into her body.
The fighter turned into its second pass, gasses and debris streaming from it's damaged wing, as they bucked in the couch, his cock stroking in and out of her. His free hand slid up her body and grasped at her breast as he gave a sharp gasp. Daz drove hard down onto him, feeling his cock convulse inside of her as he came. She held steady, pressing down and biting her lip to keep passion from overtaking her senses as she drew a steady bead in the aiming reticule, and pulled the triggers.
The fighter exploded into a cloud of shrapnel and she screamed, convulsing on his lap as his fingers probed her clit.
The radio crackled above with the captain's voice, and Daz slid off of his cock, straightening her bikini as he re-tied his towel.
"Good job Daz, has Vickers brought you the male yet? We could use another gunner who can find a hard target like that."
"Oh, yes captain, his name is Ekon. He is pretty good at hitting hard targets himself."
Daz keyed the comm off and climbed back up to the hatch, swinging it open. Taz was standing just outside, damp with perspiration and straightening her own clothes.