Another Monday morning. The only good part about this job was that I got to avoid traffic. The bad part is that there is no traffic because I start at fucking 4 AM! Somehow I had managed to drag myself out of bed and into my car again. I skipped breakfast as always. I usually ate at work, not like there was anyone to complain because again, it was motherfucking FOUR AM on a MONDAY morning! I hate this shit...
I don't know who thought it was a good idea to have a 24-hour gym in our small town, but I don't think they had ever visited our location. But whatever, they paid and I need to pay food and rent.
So, a quick drive to work, park the car, sit in the car dreading my shift, consider driving back home, exit the car, continue to dream about saying fuck it and turning around, enter the building...
"Hey, man!"
"Hey." Jake, I have no clue how this guy was always so energetic even after his 8 PM to 4 AM shift. "Anything interesting?"
"Nah, just one person at the moment. Haven't seen her before. Nice view though." He grabbed his bag from behind the counter and got up to leave. "Anyway, I have a date to get to. Have fun dude!"
As he walked away, I turned to yell after him. "A date? How the fuck do you have a date at 4 AM?"
"I'm just that good!" He answered, not even looking back.
"Lucky bastard."
I went into the employee locker room, put on my workout clothes (we don't have a uniform, or at least no one bothers with them), and dumped my stuff in the corner. I wasn't really hungry yet, so I decided to start my day with a quick workout. That would give me a chance to check out the new girl as well.
The main room was indeed empty except for one girl on the other side of the room. I considered saying hi (while we don't want to disturb customers, as this is a small gym we get to know pretty much all the locals) but I noticed she had her phone set up to film her. It's pretty normal for people to use their phone this way to check their form, so I didn't think much of it, but I still preferred to avoid walking into her shot. If she wanted to have a chat, she could approach me anyway.
After stretching, I decided to start with some light cardio myself and turned on a treadmill. The girl was too far away to really see, but I didn't want to creep her out anyway. I just focused on my workout, increasing the speed bit by bit. As much as I didn't care for this job, I had to admit I was in the best shape of my life. Mostly because there was nothing else to do, but still.
After I had run for a while I moved on to some weights, which brought me a little closer to the girl. I looked up as she said something, thinking she was talking to me. But instead, she was talking to her phone. Probably some wannabe influencer then, good thing I stayed out of her way.
I was finally able to take a quick look at her. She was in very good shape. She was wearing some white scrunch leggings (you know, those pants that are somehow shaped to go between your cheeks? Don't ask me how I know, you learn those things when you work at a gym.) which made her already tight ass look even better. Her flat stomach went up to some medium-sized tits squeezed into a very small pink sports bra. I don't judge people for how they dress at the gym, working out generates a lot of heat, but these were definitely clothes you wear to get attention. Her face was pretty attractive too, she clearly knew what she was doing in the makeup department. And her long blond hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
She got up from her exercise bike and grabbed her phone. Then she made her way over to a more open space near me, set up her phone, and started doing some basic exercises. Though really she wasn't putting in too much effort. She was spending more time talking to the camera and making sure it was getting good shots of her ass and tits.
Now I wouldn't have a problem with that, it's her own time she's wasting, but she was now close enough for me to hear every word. Normally I would try to avoid looking too much, but her talking kept distracting me. Not that I would deny it was a great view. She was currently doing fire hydrants, meaning she was on her hands and knees and raising one leg to the side at a time. With her ass facing me, I not only got to see both cheeks but even the outline of her pussy lips through her tight pants.
"God this guy just keeps staring at my ass. Like I'm just trying to do my workout and now I have to deal with this pervert. I should report him to the employees!"
Did... did she not realize I could hear her? Or did she just not care? Like wtf was that? I decided to just get up and move away from her. As I was putting away the weights I was using, I heard her walk towards me. I chose to ignore her, hoping she would leave. Then I felt her bump into me as she walked past.
"Hey, get your hands off me!"
Shocked I turned around. She was looking at me, camera pointed my way, and a very angry expression. "This fucking pervert just tried to grab my ass. I should call the police."
"No I didn't? The fuck is wrong with you?"
She somehow managed to look even more offended. "I'm getting the manager right now!" And she stormed off to the front desk.
I followed behind her, knowing she wouldn't find anyone there.
"Hello?! I need someone here now!" She was still filming everything, in fact that still seemed to be her main priority. "Get your lazy asses in here before I sue you!"
Quickly I walked past her towards the front door. Most likely no one would be here for hours, but I wasn't gonna risk it. I quickly grabbed the key (I may be a lazy employee, but even I kept the key on me at all times), locked the door, and turned the sign to closed. Now I had her all to myself.
She in the meantime had turned around and started yelling again. "Hey! Don't you even think about running, you're gonna be in so much trouble!"
I put the key safely away again and faced her. She was standing with her phone in one hand, the other hand on her hip. Even like this, I could make out the cameltoe between her legs, not to mention her breasts trying to escape from the tiny sports bra.
"You can drop the act now."
"You're crazy, you tried to grab my ass!"
I walked up to her, tightly gripped the arm she was filming with in one hand and put my other hand on her ass. "No, now I'm grabbing your ass."
She tried to pull her hand away. "Let go of me!"
Forcefully I turned her around and pushed her hands on the front desk. "What are you doing!" Holding her in place with one arm I gave her a hard spank.
"Shut up and count."
And I gave her another spank, leaving my hand to rest on her cheeks. They really were great, nicely shaped and firm.
She took her hands off the desk and tried to stand upright. No longer concerned with filming, but still not fully realizing the situation she got herself into. "Let me go!"
Again I roughly pushed her to the desk. "Start counting! Once you get to 20 I will stop." Another spank landed on her left cheek, but this time I didn't stop. Right, left, right left. "Ow! Stop!" Still no counting. I worked my other hand up to rest on her boob. Couldn't really play with it because she kept squirming.
After a while, she seemed to realize she wasn't getting away. "Please stop. I'm sorry okay." Her bossy demeanor from earlier had completely disappeared. All I did in response was pull down her pants, exposing her red ass and cute pussy. Her cheeks had clearly already gained some color, but I knew they would be even more red before we were done. More interestingly, her pussy was also a little red. I think she was getting turned on.
Having noted that I continued spanking her now bare ass. "ow, ok ok!" I didn't stop, but I did slow down a bit so she could keep up. She took a few deep breaths, getting spanked twice more. "One"Smack"two"Smack"three"
Now that she had calmed down a little I got the opportunity to enjoy her tits. I pulled her sports bra down to expose them and started playing with her nipples. "four... five... six... seven... eight..." Her ass was bright red at this point. "nine... ten... eleven... ow!" I landed a particularly hard slap and decided to switch hands. My right hand went around to her pussy and started rubbing along her slit, while my left hand took over the spanking. "twelve... thirteen... fourteen... fifteen... ahhh!" Her counting was interrupted as my fingers on her clit drew out a long moan. "Five more." I gave her a moment to catch her breath, then gave her the last five spanks. "Sixteen... seventeen... ahh... eighteen... nineteen... twentahhhhh!"
"Do it properly." And I gave her another hard slap. "Twenty."
"Good job."
I moved away from her and got out my phone. She started to stand up straight as well. "Stay there." It seemed she had finally picked up it was better to do as I said, because she went right back into position.
"Please I'm sorry."
"Stick your ass out and hold still." I went to the camera on my phone and started filming. I first got a full shot of the situation, then went in for a close-up of her ass and pussy. Her pussy was dripping, clearly either my teasing or the spanking her turned her on. I ran a finger between her lips. "You're dripping wet slut." I stood back up and walked around the desk, making sure to get a good shot of her tits and her full face. "Lick it clean." And I held up my finger. She didn't hesitate and quickly put her mouth around it. Her face might have been just as red as her ass from the embarrassment and excitement.
I put my phone away and grabbed hers which was still abandoned on the desk. "You try anything stupid and that video will make you a whole lot more famous than whatever you were making. Got it?"
She quickly nodded. "Now, since you have learned your lesson, I think you deserve a reward." I held up her phone. "Unlock it."
She typed in the code and gave it back to me.
The camera app was still open and I quickly looked through the videos. The first few were just boring workout videos, though there were some nice shots of her body. Then there was the video where she talked about me looking at her and the latest one where she accused me of touching her. That one of course ended after I actually grabbed her ass and started spanking her. I decided just to delete the last one as the others didn't really have anything bad on there.
Next, I went through her social media apps until I found the accounts she posted the workout videos on. "HotSeline huh? I'm Sean." I handed her phone back. "I'll be checking if you upload anything bad there, so better change the audio on that last clip."
I walked back around and stood behind her again. "Turn on your camera."
She looked around confused. "Huh."
"You still need an ending to your video, so you're gonna make one."
"Now?"
I sighed, getting a little annoyed at her hesitation. "Yes now. Put your sports bra back on, look forward and start talking. You have until you orgasm and I'm expecting to see part of this posted, so you better get some usable footage before you start moaning again."
With that, I knelt behind her and spread her cheeks. Her pussy looked great and in another situation, I would have loved to stick my dick in there. For now, my finger would have to do. The first one went in easily, so I quickly added another. My other hand found her clit again and started gently rubbing it. My fingers were far less gentle as I upped the speed and started fingering her hard.
Above me, Seline seemed to realize her predicament and fumbled to start filming. "Another great workout guys. This new gym is a little smaahhhhh!" A first moan slipped out faster than expected when I added a third finger. "This new gym is a little smaller than my old one, but it's really nice." I focused on her clit a little more, trying to make her cum fast. "Ahhh I think I'm gonna enjoy going here and making lots of... hhhmmmmmm... content..." I could feel she wasn't gonna last much longer. Her pussy was pulsing around my fingers and her hips started bucking. "Ah, I hope ah that you ah enjoy AHHHHH!!!" Seline dropped her phone as her whole body started shaking. I continued fingering her through her orgasm until finally her knees gave out and she dropped against me.
It took a little for her to catch her breath. I honestly wasn't sure how she would react or what to do now. Apparently, it was her turn to surprise me. She stood back up and picked up her phone. "Thanks for watching!" She managed to give the camera a smile before turning it off.
She turned to me and seemed unsure of what to say. "Can I go now?"
I stood up as well and unlocked the door. "Sure, just remember what I said. Don't get any stupid ideas."
"I won't" She pulled up her pants, made sure everything looked alright and walked past me. "Bye, Sean."
I watched as she walked to her car. Still a great ass, wonder if she'll come around again.