I hope you enjoy this story. This part of the story is being told in Merilee. There is a little rough sex in this story. If that offends you, you may want to skip this story.
Edited by DRGriffin
Mistress Sid takes me to buy outfits to her liking
The following morning, I awoke nude, with crusted cum, snot, sweat and tears over my body. I got to the bathroom before Mark was awake from his drunken sleep. The shower felt great. It was so good to be clean. I inspected my ass for bruises. There were none. My ass was still smooth and skin perfectly white. I called Mom and asked about trimming my pussy hair and she said to come over any time. I made breakfast for myself and Mark. He started on that day's drunk early.
I walked over to Mom's trailer. I gave her an update about the previous night's activity.
I finished by saying, "Mom I have never been so humiliated in my life. But Mistress Sid gave me two big orgasms. I never had an orgasm like that with Mark."
"What they are doing to you is similar to what was done to me. Then their father, Noah, was the one doing the damage. Sid trained under Noah. It does sound like they were harder on you than me the first time. Maybe they have evolved their techniques. What did you think of Rod's dick?"
"It was the largest thing I have ever seen. I could only get a few inches past the tip in my mouth. There must have been at least seven inches left for me and I have until Monday to be able to do it. I'm not sure it is possible for me to accomplish what they want."
Mom laughed, "Oh, it is not that hard. I don't think I did much better with Old Man Woolsey at first. He had a big one also. Want me to help you learn how to give a blow job?"
Now I laughed, "Never thought I would ask this, but would you?"
"Sure baby. Want to work on it after I do your pussy?"
"No, I have to be at the club by one. We are going shopping for acceptable clothing. They destroyed the clothes I wore last night and that was my most revealing outfit. If this keeps up I will be going over there nude. Can you come over tomorrow?"
"Sure."
I said, "Thanks."
Mom said, "Let's take care of your pussy hair. Remove your jeans. Come to the bath room. We first trim the hair short and shave what we want completely gone." In about fifteen minutes my pussy hair was gone except a well-trimmed V-shape of red pubic hair on the Mons Pubis.
When Mom finished, she said, "You need to shave every time before you play with the Woolsey's. I tell you what, let's get a wax kit and we can wax each other clean. That lasts a lot longer and is not as likely to cause razor bumps. I still like to stay nice and trimmed."
"That would be great. Mom, thank you so much."
"I will come over tomorrow to start blow job training."
I hugged Mom and thanked her again.
I had lunch, dressed and headed to the club. It was strange but I wasn't nearly as anxious and very excited. Sid greeted me in a very friendly manner saying, "Ready to try on your cocktail outfit?"
"Yes, ma'am." Sid nodded to let me know that was good.
We went to the dressing room where she showed me my locker. Next to my locker was Cherry's. Sid said, "Let's see how it looks."
"Yes, ma'am." I got undressed in front of Sid.
Sid smiled, "I see you followed my instructions. Bernice?"
I said, "Yes, ma'am."
I put on the outfit. It fit nicely but it was cut more severely than the others. While I had more tit flesh than most, I was sure mine was scoped lower than anyone else's. The areola was covered but barely. The U neck opening was cut to show the entire top half of my breasts. The strip between my legs was barely an inch wide. I would have to be careful, even wearing fishnet pantyhose or my pussy lips could show.
It wasn't quite slutty but definitely provocative. After last night, I wanted to be flexible about this. Sid said after giving me a moment to look, "I like it. What do you think?"
"Mistress, I think whatever you do."
"No we are not playing now. Can you wear this while serving drinks?"
I thought how to answer and decided I could but said, "It is more provocative than I have seen other girls wear. I would be more comfortable with a more modest look."
Sid smiled, "Well you are going to get more tips with this outfit. If you allow a little touching you will clean up. Let's try it tonight and if it doesn't work then we will modify it. Okay?"
I decided I could do it for one night anyway. After all who would see me anyway. I said, "Yes, ma'am."
Sid smiled a brilliant smile, "Excellent let's go shopping."
"Yes, Ma'am."
"Good, I will be waiting for you at the front door."
We walked down the street from the hotel bar. We stopped in front of a gym, named Just Press. Sid said, "You have a membership to this gym. There is a personal trainer, named Regina, who is expecting you. I will send her contact info to your phone. I want you to have a larger better shaped bum and a flat stomach. She knows how to shape it plus you need to be in good shape for the next few months."
"Yes, ma'am."
We came to a small clothing store called Elsa's. A young sales person greeted us. Sid said, "We want to see Elsa."
As she walked away Sid said to me, "You are to do what Elsa tells you. She is my very good friend. Do you understand me?"
"Yes ma'am."
"You need to be a good slut and make up for the poor performance from last night."
"Yes, ma'am, I will. I will make you proud."
As she slapped me on the butt, she said, "Good girl."
Elsa came up to me directly, hugged me, pressing her huge breast into me and said, "This must be Merilee. Good to see you, my dear Sid." Elsa was probably close to sixty and large. She was wearing a black leather bustier pushing up her amble breast. She was probably a 40D. Big in the waist and hips. Over the bustier she wore a pleated white lacey skirt. She had goth tattoos over her chest and arms and obviously wanted to display them. She was oddly sensual. She stepped back and said to Sid, "She is pretty, isn't she? But she sure does try to hide it. Dear, is this what you usually wear?"
I said, "Yes, ma'am." I wanted to tell her my best outfit had been torn off me the night before.
Elsa had a broad friendly face, big smile and large blue eyes. Her hair was spiked and platinum. She frowned a little, "Do you want to look attractive?"
"It really hasn't been a priority. I have had to concentrate on raising my daughter. I do want to make, hum_." I was stuck. Did I say Mistress or Sid?
Elsa came to my rescue, "You would like to make Sid happy."
"Yes, ma'am."
"We can do that. Let's take our time to get you a couple of acceptable outfits today."
Elsa and I walked around the shop, where she showed me many different options. There was one dress I liked and I thought maybe would be to Mistress Sid's liking. Elsa picked out a couple of very slutty outfits. At least, I thought they were slutty but no more so than what Elsa was wearing now. I was beginning to readjust my opinion of slutty.
Elsa showed the three outfits to Sid and she nodded yes. I saw four or five customers in the shop and the sales person who greeted us. Sid grabbed my arm to whisper in my ear, "Do what Else tells you."
"Yes, ma'am."
The fitting room was larger than most. There were mirrors on the back and side walls. There was a large couch also. Elsa hung the outfits on the wall hook and said in a much more commanding voice, "Remove your clothes."
After I had my clothes off Elsa stood in front of me, we were almost the same height but she must have outweighed me fifty pounds. I had my head bowed, she took my chin and raised it to look in her deep blue eyes and said, "You are a beautiful female. You just don't know how to use your beauty."
I said, "Thank you, ma'am."
With her hand still on my chin she leaned in and kissed me very deeply. She said, "Look dearie, I love men. By that I mean I love cocks. But there is nothing wrong with enjoying a nice little orgasm from a woman. Sid has told me to give you an orgasm that she can hear. That is what I am going to do. My advice is to enjoy it. By the time Sid is finished with you will know how to please a man but will also like messing around with someone like me. Understand?"
"Yes ma'am, I understand. Please give me an orgasm. I have thought of nothing but Sir Rod's large beautiful penis since last night."
"It is worth remembering but nowhere the largest you will experience. He can fuck and on a few occasions, I have been privileged to have him buried in my slutty pussy. Mistress Sid told me to do this. I am already getting wet. Are you?"
"Yes, ma'am, I am very wet. Would you kiss me again?"
She kissed me again, this time French. She pressed a finger in my vagina. She released me from the kiss and said, "Dearie, you are very wet. I think you came in here wanting an orgasm. This will be easy. Remember Sid wants to hear the orgasm. It is your way of thanking her."
"Yes, ma'am, I will be loud."
She bent to kiss my nipples as she stroked my labia. I lubricated her hand. After she nibbled on my nipples for what seemed like five minutes, she took her other hand and lightly pinched my left nipple. "Dearie, you have the prettiest tits. They are so full and on your slim body are magnificent. They stand up well for such large jugs while mine if not in this harness would fall to my waist. Do you know how attractive you could be?"
I said barely able to breathe, "No, ma'am. I don't know much about sex."
She whispered back, "Hang around Sid and you will find out a lot. I bet you would like your nipples pinched hard. Wouldn't you?"
"Yes, ma'am. Oh, please pinch my nipples. Please ma'am. Oh, gawd your finger feels so good there."
She had moved one finger to my clitoral hood and found my elongating pleasure spot. She then pinched my left nipple hard. I screamed loudly, "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
She whispered to me, "Good girl. You liked that didn't you. I think Sid may have heard you."
"Yes ma'am. Please do the other."
She moved to my right nipple. At first, she stroked it gently. Her finger was slowly masturbating my clit. With any additional pressure, I would have exploded. I think she knew she had me but wanted to make it last longer.
She then squeezed my agitated nipple. This time harder than the first. The pain seemed to enhance the pleasure she was giving me with her finger. Elsa, put her index finger and her thump around my sensitive clit and rolled. The orgasm had started but it would last. I said loudly, "Oh my, thank you. Thank you. Ohhhhhhhhhh...!"
Elsa pinched my left nipple causing my orgasm to reach another level. Elsa whispered, "Thank Sid. Make it loud."
I said at what I thought was a loud volume, "Oh gosh, gosh, oh gosh. Thank you Mistressssssss...!"
Elsa continued to roll my clit between her finger and thumb while kissing me on the lips. My legs were shaking and barely able to hold me up. Elsa placed her free hand on my back to support me and pulled me into her. As the orgasm subsided, Elsa guided me to the couch and let me sit down. She gave me one more peck on the cheek as she stood over me. "Now that wasn't so bad was it."
My breathing was beginning to get under control as I barely got out, "No, ma'am. I mean that was a nice orgasm. Thank you but I am so embarrassed. Not sure I can walk out of here."
"No choice, now let's show Sid how good you will look for your next session."
The outfit started with a shelf bra which was a triangle that fit under my breast and attached to the shoulder straps in a triangle surrounding the nipples. The band under my breasts was a one-inch leather strap. It was surprisingly comfortable while hiding very little. Then came the garter belt. It was also a one-inch black leather strap with a clasp. She adjusted it to strike at the navel. Attached were leather garter straps in front and back that dangled to mid-thigh ready for stockings. It had a one-inch leather strip at the buckle that covered to just past the Mons Pubis. There were two elastic bands that fit in the crease between my legs and pussy and attached to the belt in the back. This left open access to my crotch and ass crease. She gave me some black lacy stockings to put on.
The skirt was black pleated pin stripe that struck me about two inched below where the belt struck and ended about half way between my crotch and the top of the stockings. The top was a vest made of the same material as the skirt. It had a strap that buttoned at nipple level allowing a one inch opening for my cleavage to be seen completely. It was cut away at the strap in such a way that the leather band of the bra could be seen and all my stomach was visible. The arm holes were large enough so that the sides of my breasts were visible. Since the bra pushed my breast up and out both sides, the exposed flesh was accentuated.
Elsa turned me to the mirror and I had to admit it was sexy. I had never worn anything like it. Elsa asked, "What do you think of this?"
I took in a breath and said, "I can't believe it is me. It is well, hah, memorable. Isn't it?"
"I would say so. Let's go see what your mistress thinks."
I was still flushed from the orgasm. But when I stepped out there were four women and two men waiting to see me. My face and neck turned redder. I was so embarrassed. They all gave me a grin that said they knew what had happened in the dressing room.
Elsa placed a hand on my back and said to Sid, "Well?"
"Elsa, I have never seen that before. Is it new?"
"Yes. Merilee is the first to try it. I want to post a picture. Is that ok?"
Sid said, "Sure, from the sounds we heard coming from the dressing room, I think she owes you."
I said, "Oh, why not."
The sales assistant took a picture. There was a bulletin board with other customers wearing their outfits.
Elsa said, "I think we have a winner her dearie. Let's try the next one."
Sid was half Elsa's size but she was clearly in control. She put her hand under Elsa's skirt and said, "Elsa I think you need to take your time and maybe get a little reciprocal treatment. It feels like you need it. I will wait to see the next outfit."
Elsa said as I nodded my agreement, "Thank you, Mistress."
When we got back in the fitting room, I removed my clothes without being told. Elsa removed her skirt, showing that she wasn't wearing panties. She unsnapped just enough buttons on her bustier to expose her nipples. She sat on the couch. I could now see that the pattern on her chest was spider webs over each breast with the center of the web being her big areola. The flesh of her breast was so liquid that it rippled just from breathing. Her pussy was completely bare.
I said, "I don't know what to do so please tell me. I want to please you."
Elsa smiled, "We will both please your Mistress. Let's start with a kiss and fondle my breasts."
I sat next to her and felt small. I kissed her and took a massive breast in each hand. Our breast couldn't have been more different for large breasts. Her breast had almost no shape on their own, were soft and fleshy while mine felt stuffed full. After a kiss, I moved down to suck each of her nipples. My hands moved to her big fleshy pussy lips. Again, our pussies were very different. Where her pussy was very fleshy with lots of folds and loose labia, mine was tight. When I felt it, it was all soft and fat. Where mine was hard in comparison.
Elsa said, "Rub my lips hard but don't put your finger in yet. Nibble my nipples with your teeth." I did this as she began to moan softly. "Kneel between my legs and eat my pussy lips. Squeeze my tits hard before you pinch my nipples."
While I was doing this, I couldn't help but notice my pussy was pulsing like it wanted to have another orgasm while I did this big sweet woman's bidding. When I pinched her nipples, she moaned now loudly enough for all to hear, "Ohhhh yeah, my nasty slut. Work it." Then a little softer she said, "That's the spot. Stick your tongue in there and pinch both nipples hard."
I knew she wanted some pressure on her clit. I pinched her nipples one more time and this time she screamed louder, "Oh my gawd!" I thought she was ready to have her orgasm when she opened her eyes, looked down at me and said staring me in my eyes with a broad smile, "Put your hand on your pleasure spot and have an orgasm with me. I will make the noise and you stay silent."
I smiled back, took my right hand, placed it between my legs and started humping it while I attacked her clit. It wasn't long before she screamed, "Oh dear, oh dear. Thank you, Mistress." I knew she said this for Sid. I also started having another orgasm and was happy my mouth was buried in her big fat pussy lips as it muffled the noises I was making. I kept manipulating her pussy until she stopped her shutter. I stayed between her legs until she reached down, pulled me to her and whispered, "Thank you. It wasn't so bad, was it? I know I am old and wrinkled. Hopefully, it was okay for you."
I looked in Elsa sweet soft blue expressive eyes and said, "Actually, it was very good. Thank you for letting me have the second orgasm. Not sure Mistress would like it though."
"Oh, I think she is very pleased with you today. And me too. Now let's get the second outfit on.
The second outfit was much simpler, blue mini skirt, white nearly transparent blouse and a blue bra with a large opening for the nipple and half my breast to protrude. My areolas are small but very red and my nipples can form hard elongated nubs. Both were very visible through the blouse and the blue bra could clearly be seen.
I stepped out again very red from embarrassment and flushed from my orgasm. Elsa was giving me a side hug and said, "Isn't this nice?"
Sid said, "Very sexy. It sure sounds like you girls are having fun with this."
Elsa said, "Yes, we have had fun."
She looked at me and wanting me to say something. I said, "Thank you, ma'am. You and Miss Elsa have been very good to me today. Thank you so much for the outfits."
Sid smiled, "You have been good today. I must run. Merilee, you can also have the pink dress to wear every day. I think you will have time to see Regina and still be at the bar in time for your shift. You get free bar food anyway. I will see you tonight to see how your shift goes."
"Yes, ma'am, thank you."
I tried a short sleeve pink jersey dress. It zipped up the front from the bottom. The material was stretchy and fit like a glove. It had a little extra support for the breasts meaning no bra was necessary. Without panties, there would be no panty lines. It hit me mid-thigh but had a V to where the zipper started showing some inner thigh close to my crotch.
Elsa said, "Here are some panties you could wear with it, if you need to cover up a little." It was a pink thong. I put them on appreciating the extra cover.
Elsa packaged everything up, we hugged and I went to the gym. I found Regina. She was about thirty, small, lean and muscled. She had a pair of gym shorts and a sports bra for me to wear. The shorts barely covered my bottom and the sports bra showed a lot of cleavage. I did about forty-five minutes with Regina. She had me do squats of all variety. It was clear she was mainly trying to shape my butt.
I did my shift at the bar. I thought it went fine. I received a lot of tips and got mostly complements. There were a few crass comments about my anatomy but even those were probably meant as a complement.
Just before eleven when the bar closed Sid came up and said, "How has it gone?"
"I think fine. I have made a lot of money in tips."
"You see the outfit works for you."
"Yes, ma'am, it does. Thank you so much."
She whispered in my ear, "It is not so bad being our slut, is it?"
I whispered back, "No Mistress."
She said, "Tomorrow at one, Jerome is coming by with a DVD player, a couple of DVD's and instructions from me. Do what he says."
"Yes, ma'am."
"Tell Bernice she probably will want to be there also. He will help you prepare for Monday night. Work hard at it. You really don't want to disappoint Rod a second time?"
"No, ma'am. He won't be disappointed. I will work very hard to please him."
Sid smiled, "Good. Good night."
Fellatio training
I called Mom to tell her what was happening. She came over early so we could talk.
Mom asked as we were having lunch, "So you think you can do this?"
"I think so. I know it is only beginning but this is exciting. I have thought about sex more this week than at any time in my life."
"I remember it that way also. It was a combination of excitement and fear."
"That's it. There is a lot for me to learn. I also want to make this a success for Cherry's sake. I think I have been taking the easy outs for too long. If I can do this and get Cherry through school by accomplishing this, I somehow think my life will be better."
"Baby, you are right about that. Speaking of that, what are you going to do about Mark?"
"I guess kick him out. Honestly, he is barely here anyway so it hasn't been a priority. Cherry has made it clear that it is time for him to go. So just a matter of when."
"Good."
I asked, "How is the bartending going?" Bernice had gone to bartender school and was working at a different bar than the one where Cherry and I were waitressing.
"I really like it. I get to listen to everyone else's problems and somehow that makes me feel better."
"Why didn't you go to work for the Woolsey's?"
"I wanted to make it on my own. Don't get me wrong, I think the Woolsey's are fine to work for."
"I understand."
There was a knock on the door. It was Jerome. He was a tall lanky kid with long black stringy hair. He wasn't quite ugly but close. He had on old jeans and a black tee shirt. He had a long neck and long arms. He wore black horn rim glasses. He looked like a typical geek.
Jerome said, "Mistress Sid gave me these instructions. I am to set up the DVD player for you, watch one of the DVD's with you and then be your test boy. She has paid for me all afternoon, so I am yours. I'm not to screw you. The only part of my body you are to touch is my penis then only with your mouth. She also said that you can have orgasms."
Mom asked, "Any instructions for me."
"Mistress said to tell Bernice to have fun and that there were no limits. So I think it is up to us."
Mom smiled asking Jerome, "How do you feel about us old women?"
"I love them, especially when they look like you two. Let me get the equipment set up."
Jerome went out to the truck as Bernice said to me, "I am going to get some toys while Jerome is getting things set up."
"I will get your vibrator."
Jerome had the DVD player set up as Bernice got back. He had four DVD's laid out with one titled,How to Give a Blow Job. He hit play and the DVD started. It was a nude girl and guy where the girl described how to give a blow job.
Ten minutes into the video Mom got up and said, "Jerome pause the video, I want to get comfortable," and started removing her clothes. When she was nude, she put her hands on her cocked hip and said, "Jerome how about this old lady's body. Is it fuckable?"
"Absolutely."
"Show us why Mistress selected you."
Jerome removed his clothes and his penis was mostly hard already. Bernice said, "I thought so. Your dick is about the same size as Rod. Alright baby girl your turn."
I removed my clothes. Jerome said, "You two ladies are so hot. This is going to be fun. Mistress told me that Merilee was trying to learn how to give a blow job. Want to finish the DVD and then try me?"
"Sounds like a plan," I said.
Jerome hit the play button. The DVD finished in about ten minutes with the guy shooting his wad in the girl's mouth. I couldn't wait for it to finish. Jerome might be a somewhat ugly guy but his penis was as beautiful as Rod's and I was ready to try it. Even though I wanted to learn from the video, I couldn't keep my eyes off Jerome's member.
As soon as the DVD finished I said to Jerome, "Ok, Jerome, let me see if I can do that. Mistress's instructions were that only my mouth could touch your penis, right?"
Jerome stood as I knelt in front of him. I kissed up and down his hard shaft. I heard the vibrator turn on. While I didn't look, I knew Mom was masturbating while watching us.
I continued to kiss up and down the shaft. Mom said, "Baby take in the head."
I put the head of Jerome's dick in my mouth. I thought I was doing what was on the video. I took all the tip in and slowly moved to take more. Each time I moved back and forth I tried to take in a little more. But quickly I started to gag and had to release his dick to get my breath back.
Bernice said, "Baby girl, that is terrible. You barely took a third of Jerome's dick. Let me show you how it is done. While I do this try to do the same with this dildo. It is about the same size as Jerome."
The dildo was nine inches long and about the same diameter as Jerome and Sir Rod.
Mom took my place as Jerome patiently waited. I took the dildo.
Mom took Jerome's penis into her mouth. I could see her cheeks expanding and contracting on his tip. Mom took him out and said to Jerome, "Tell her what you think I am doing."
Jerome said, "She was sucking and releasing like a milking machine. She is also occasionally flicking the tip with her tongue. It feels so good."
I took the dildo and did the same with it.
Mom slipped about half his dick into her mouth with no problem. I got mad for a second. But then I pushed the dildo into my mouth until I gaged. I removed it immediately and saw that I only took a third.
Jerome was moaning as she slowly stroked half his penis with her mouth. Jerome said, "She is sucking as she extracts my penis. Oh my gawd that is the best."
I yelled a little louder than I meant to, "Mom tell me what you are doing and don't make him cum before I get a chance again."
Mom extracted Jerome with a giggle, "Is my daughter telling me to stop giving a boy that could be my grandson a blow job because she wants to finish?"
I laughed, "Yes that is exactly what I am telling you. Now how are you taking that monster in without gaging."
Jerome picked up on my telling her to not have him cum and said, "Don't worry Merilee, I can get it back up really quickly. So, don't worry if Miss Bernice makes me cum."
Again, I laughed, "Ok, sounds like a nineteen-year-old oversexed boy talking."
Jerome said, "You got it."
Bernice said, "You have two problems. First you are not relaxed. You must relax your throat like letting food go down your gullet. Second, your throat is not accustomed to the feeling. Keep trying the dildo. Jerome do you want me to continue?"
Jerome said, "Oh gawd yes. I'm begging."
Bernice said, "Tell me when you are close."
Bernice rocked her head back and forth on Jerome's long dick. Every stroke she got deeper until she was hitting his groin with her lips. I could see her throat expanding with this large cock as she held the entire length. I was now getting a third of the dildo in my mouth without gagging.
Jerome said, "Oh Miss Bernice that is awesooomeeee." He gasped and said, "Maybe we should let Miss Merilee try."
Mom got up as I took her place. She said, "Relax your whole body. Only take in what you can without gagging. He is ready to cum. Have you ever tasted a man's ejaculation?"
I said, "No."
With that I started the same motion as Mom had, slowly taking in a little more with each pass and going very slow but with a constant rhythm. I tried to suck in as my head moved back. After a few passes Jerome said, "That's it Miss Merilee. That's it. If you keep doing that I will cum."
I kept stroking and within a few passes I felt his dick get even larger. All I could do was a third but at least I was doing it without gagging.
Jerome said, "Here it comes." His legs tensed and even with the warning I was not prepared for the first blast. It came out of my mouth, onto my chin and landed on my breasts. I did get the subsequent blasts and swallowed a lot of his discharge.
When Jerome finished he said, "Miss Merilee, that last part was okay. It felt good. Of course, you know that Miss Bernice got it all in. But not that many can do what Miss Bernice did."
Bernice said, "Son, call me Granny. Merilee, mind if I get Jerome ready for round two?"
I said, "Since I can't touch him it makes sense. Jerome how many times can you get it up in a couple of hours?"
"Easy three with two hot chicks like you and my Granny."
I said, "Then you two enjoy each other while I practice with the dildo. Jerome, you better be able to back up the brags."
Jerome smiled, "Just touching Granny's big tits would get me up anytime."
Bernice smiled at the complement, "Come over her you sweet boy and I will let you have all the tit you can eat."
Bernice had him sit in a straight back chair, she straddled him with both her feet on the floor and kissed him deeply while he kneaded her breasts. She came up for a breath and said, "You like Granny's tits don't you, son?"
"Yes, Granny I can't get enough of them."
Bernice said, "All you want, sweetie."
He was kissing and sucking all over her breasts. Her hands were on his knees with her back arched making her breast stick out even more. His penis never quite got soft and was growing again. I had no doubt with Bernice's help he was good for another round. His penis was now touching Bernice between her legs.
I pushed the vibrator into my pussy a few inches as I pushed the dildo in and out of my throat. I had an orgasm, not a big one but a nice one. I noticed that my body relaxed and the dildo went down my throat a little more. I pushed the small vibrator all the way in and sat on it to keep it in place. It turned me on to watch my mother make it with a boy Cherry's age.
Jerome was still eating Mom's breasts. His penis had grown to where it was rubbing against her labia. I could see a slight shudder from Bernice indicating a series of small orgasms. Bernice said, "Baby boy, pinch my nipples."
Jerome looked like he didn't want to stop eating her tits but he did as he was told. He pinched first her left nipple and then the right. She jerked from the pain making Jerome's penis penetrate her vagina. She said, "Again."
He pinched both her nipples and she screamed, "Oh baby, baby, ..." She had a huge orgasm and you could see the fluids flow onto Jerome's groin.
I had a larger orgasm myself just watching my mother fuck this boy. I was no longer thinking about what I was doing. After both my mother and myself recovered from these orgasms I noticed I had more than half the dildo was down my throat. I thought about stopping them to see if I could get that much of Jerome down my throat but couldn't stop their pleasure. They were into each other.
Bernice pushed her hips forward taking all his long dick into her pussy, "My sweet baby, you gave your Granny a nice one. I know you felt that."
"Oh yeah Granny, I felt it. You got me wet from your pussy juice."
Bernice said, "I will take care of that for you. Is this good for you or is there something else you would like?"
"I like this. You have the best breasts. So, big, natural and soft. I am happy to let you fuck me and play with your breasts."
Bernice smiled. I think they both forgot I was there. She had leverage from having her feet on the floor and hands on the chair back. This allowed her to change the angle as she wanted. Jerome didn't seem to want to release her breasts.
I went back to my dildo practice and was now comfortable with half of it. But I wanted more orgasms and knew that Jerome would be good for another round. So, I took the dildo and pushed it into my vagina and lightly rubbed the vibrator on my clitoris. I immediately started having a series of orgasms while I watched Bernice and Jerome enjoy each other.
Bernice had slowly increased her pace to a point that Jerome couldn't hold on much longer. I had a feeling he was trying to not cum. He clearly loved Mom's breasts. Mom said, "Baby, mark my breast. Suck hard somewhere on my breasts. I want to see a blue spot where my baby sucked so hard."
I started a nice orgasm and pushed more of the nine-inch dildo into my sopping pussy. Jerome picked a spot on Mom's right breast and started sucking hard. At the same time, they both started having orgasms. Jerome was sucking her breast as she yelled, "Oh baby, that is so good, I love that big dick flooding my old pussy. Let me have it all!"
Mom was shaking all over from this orgasm. And so was I. After Jerome finished, they held each other, lightly kissing each other's necks. His dick made a little pop as it shrank out of her wet pussy. He said, "Granny, that was a great fuck. Think we can do it again sometimes?"
Mom said at Jerome, "My door is always open. I live next door."
I said as I removed the dildo from my vagina, "I want that thing back hard in fifteen-minutes, young man." I was pointing at a penis that still hadn't gone completely soft. "But first, I will get us some water."
Bernice finally got off Jerome, licked his penis clean, got a towel and sat next to Jerome on the couch. I sat the glasses of ice water in front of them and sat in the chair. They both drained their glasses.
Mom said, "I'm sorry baby. I just couldn't stop. It just felt so good. I..."
I raised my hand and said, "I didn't want to stop you and I made progress. I do want one more try. Jerome, can you put up with a student sucker one more time?"
Jerome laughed, "No problem if you or Granny will help me get hard again."
Bernice smiled and placed a hand on his groin, "Anything for my grandbaby."
I said, "As I watched you two enjoy each other I lost the fear of gaging and got at least five inches in my mouth. I also worked on technique from the video and watching Mom. But, I really want to try it again."
Mom was sliding her hand over Jerome's slowly growing dick. She asked, "Want to try getting him hard with just your mouth?"
I answered, "Yes when he is ready."
Jerome said, "Let me have one more glass of water and I will be ready."
As I got up, so did Bernice, "Be back in a second." I figured she had to go to pee.
She came back with another towel and a wash cloth. Jerome was finishing his water. She said, "Stand up Baby." She washed his groin and ass with the wash cloth and dried him with the towel. "You will see why in a minute."
Jerome didn't seem to mind and sat back down. Bernice again started stroking his groin and put one of his hands on the breast that now had a large blue mark. She said, "See what you did to me. You have put your mark on me."
"I'm sorry."
"Sorry, I wanted it. My goodness that felt good."
Jerome was already about half the way to a full erection. Mom said, "Stand up. Merilee see what you can do with your mouth."
He stood between us. I knelt in front of him and slowly licked and kissed the full length of his penis. Bernice got behind him and started kissing and licking his ass. Jerome was getting hard quickly now. I took the tip into my mouth and let it sit there. I sucked and released and flicked my tongue on it, like Mom had.
Jerome said, "Miss Merilee that feels good."
Bernice rubbed her large breasts over Jerome now wet ass from her saliva. I rocked my head back and forth slowly taking in more and more of his dick. Before I knew it, I had half down my throat and I remained relaxed.
Jerome said, "Of Miss Merilee, that is almost as good as Granny. That is so good."
Bernice had her hand on each of his ass cheeks to pull them apart. She was licking his nasty hole. She shoved her tongue into his hole. Jerome was moaning and whimpered, "Oh my gawd Granny, I have never had that done before."
Mom asked, "Do you like it?"
Jerome said, "Very much."
Mom asked, "Think a vibrator would feel good in there."
"You can try it. If I don't like it, I will tell you."
Mom had brought some Vaseline in and shoved it into his anus. I was watching but continued my slow consumption of his dick. Jerome moaned from having her stick her fingers in his bum. She turned on the vibrator and put it in just a little. I had to look behind him. The vibrator was maybe an inch in his bum.
Mom asked, "How does that feel?"
Jerome said, "It feels great. Let me push back when I want more."
I placed his dick back in my mouth, again pushing it in a little further with each pass. He started rocking back and forth on the vibrator and my mouth. He was moaning. I was enjoying having this young man's penis in my mouth.
Then I heard someone say, "What is going on here?"
It was Mark. I removed Jerome from my mouth as Mom took the vibrator out of his ass. I said to Jerome, "Don't worry. It's just Mark. Why don't you finish by fucking your Granny? Pretend he is not here."
She took Jerome's hand and said, "Here fuck your Granny. You have earned one more orgasm. She laid on the couch and pulled him on her. He started pumping into her still sopping hole.
Mark said as sternly as he could, "Why were you sucking that boy's dick? Did your mother have a vibrator in his ass? Why shouldn't I be kicking him out of here?"
I said calmly, "Mark, sit down and shut up or leave until we finish. You have lost all rights in this house. We will do whatever we want. So, which is it, watch or leave?"
Mark said, "Why don't you give me a blowjob. Looks like you know how?"
I laughed, "That little thing of yours. I couldn't even feel it. Now shut up or leave."
Mark sat without saying another word. I placed the dildo and the vibrator in my pleasure spots and watched this young viral buck fuck the crap out of my mother in the missionary position. She had her legs wrapped around him with her hands latched onto his hard ass cheeks helping him slam into her.
I was beginning my final orgasm for the day when Jerome said, "Granny you are one hell of a fuck. I am ready, have a nice one with me."
She said, "Give it to me baby boy, you are making your Granny so happy. Oh, baby boy, yeeee...!"
I could see the fluid draining from Jerome's apparatus. I also glanced over at Mark as he was masturbating while watching Jerome fuck my mother. I couldn't help but compare his weak discharge to the third round of Jerome's as he filled my mother. There was more dribbling from Mom's pussy than Mark's discharge. I wondered how he got me pregnant.
When Jerome finished, and started to pull out, I dropped to my knees near him and said, "Let me clean you and Mom up. I want to taste you one more time before you leave."
Jerome smiled, "Gladly." Mom didn't move as I licked his penis, balls and leg clean.
I said, "Please turn around." I licked his ass clean. With Mom still laying on her back, I spread her legs and licked Jerome's discharge from her pussy and thighs. I looked up and said, "Jerome tastes good."
Mom smiled, "Yes, baby he tastes and feels good. He has one great penis." I glanced over to make sure Mark saw what I had done. He was staring while wiping his puny discharge with a napkin.
Jerome started dressing. I put on my shirt but nothing else. Jerome said, "Ladies it has been a pleasure. I left my card with the DVD's. Call me if you ever want anything."
Mom said, "Here is my number." She wrote it with a pen on his hand. "If you ever want a Granny fuck, call and you have it. You are terrific."
"Thanks Granny." He hugged her still naked body.
I reached out to hug him. He hesitated. I said, "We won't touch. Only our clothes. I just have to hug you." He smiled and gave me a big hug without touching my skin.
He glanced at Mark but neither spoke and left. Mom started to dress.
Mark said, "You are both nothing but sluts."
I said, "Yes we are. You have two choices, leave and never come back, or stay but with my rules. Here they are; You can never touch me again, you will never sleep in my bed, if I have someone here you can watch but you may not speak and you aren't to tell Cherry about this. You will never criticize either me or Mom. Also, to be completely honest I would kick you out right now except I have too much to do. I am determined to give my daughter a chance at a better life."
Mark sneered, "By fucking someone that could be your son."
I yelled at him, "None of your fucking business. Do you not understand that you have lost all rights in this house?"
Mark lowered his head and whimpered, "I understand. I want to stay. I really don't have any other place to go."
Bernice said, "My advice is to find some place. We are all tired of you."
I said, "Mom thanks for coming over. Did you have fun?"
"Oh yeah, best time in a long time. Let's talk later. I need to get to work and so do you."
I hugged Mom as we kissed each other on the cheek and declared our love for each other. I always loved my mother but never more than that day.
I went to work and had an incredible night with tips. What's more I was getting used to displaying my body.
I got into a pattern of working out with Regina at least once a week. She had also given me a supplement that should help me with stamina and put on a little extra bulk. She assured me with the exercises I was doing the weight would be good.
Thursday night Sid tapped me on the shoulder as I was picking up drinks for a couple. She said, "When you get a break come by for just a couple of minutes."
"Yes, ma'am."
I served the drinks to the couple. The women stuck a twenty-dollar bill between my exposed breasts. This was getting to be a common occasion.
I saw Sid still at the bar. I said, "Ma'am, you want to talk to me."
"Just a couple of things. First you are doing a good job here. Do you want to work Friday and Saturday night with Cherry?"
I saw dollar signs. I said, "Yes, ma'am, I could use the extra money. Thank you."
Sid said, "Good. I talked to Jerome and he said you were working very hard to be ready for us. How was Jerome?"
"I am working very hard at it. I won't disappoint Sir again. Jerome was great. He has a great, ah_"
Sid smiled, "Yes he does. That is why I chose him. Did Bernice enjoy herself?"
"Very much. Oh, she gave me a note to give you." I took the note I had pushed in the seat of my outfit and gave it to her.
Sid read it and smiled. She asked, "Did you read it?
"No, ma'am."
"Here read it."
The note said, "Thank you Mistress. Jerome was quite a gift. You are most generous. I look forward to finding a way to repay you."
That Friday night Cherry met me in the dressing room. After we dressed Cherry looked at me and said, "Are your tits that much larger than mine or is your outfit cut lower?"
"They made a mistake in the measurement. I didn't try it on until just before my first night. Sid asked me if I wanted to not work but I decided to go ahead. I got such good tips I decided showing a little cleavage was worth it."
"Mom that is a more than a little cleavage. Most of your breasts are on display and I think I see a little of your, hum, well, privates down there."
"I know but I don't really mind."
Cherry threw up her hands and said, "Well I hope the tips are a lot better."
At the end of the night Cherry and I were putting on our regular clothes. She asked, "What were your tips?"
I smiled and said, "What were yours?"
Cherry held out a handful of bills and said, "A little over a hundred in bills and another two hundred from credit cards."
I held up a larger bunch of bills and said, "Over four hundred in bills and about two hundred from credit cards. People like to stuff the money between my breasts."
Cherry contemplated out loud, "Maybe I should have my outfit altered?"
I didn't know what to say. I think I just talked my daughter into showing more of her body for money. I really didn't mean to do that.
Then Saturday night Sid caught me, "Are you ready for your test Monday night?"
I had been seriously working on getting that dildo all the way down my throat. I thought I was going to do well.
"Yes ma'am. I will be ready. Which outfit would you like to see?"
"The one with the pinstripes. How are the exercises going?"
"I think well. Can you see any difference yet?"
I turned and smiled at Sid as I cocked my hips. She smiled back and said, "It is too early. Keep it up and you will have fuller hips before you know it."
Can I pass the blow job test?
Monday, I was again excited. I worked out extra hard to try and release the tension. I had so wanted to masturbate for days just to release some of sexual tension. I started showering at four. I shaved everything particularly making my pubic hair neat. I was ready to go at five and it was about an hour to get there. I slowly had dinner but could barely eat. I thought about trying my dildo again but decided I didn't want to irritate my throat.
I drove slowly to the Woolsey's and got there about fifteen minutes early. Again I parked down the street and walked. The heels I was wearing were four inches tall so I had to walk slowly.
I knocked on the door at exactly seven. A large very muscular man answered. He had long blonde hair, about six feet and a V-shaped body. He was wearing tight gym shorts and a white sleeveless tee shirt with a logo for the Woolsey company. He said, "You must be Merilee. The Woolsey's are waiting for you in the gym. You are very beautiful. That outfit is stunning."
"Thank you. What is your name?"
"My name is Melville."
He took me to the gym. As I got in the door I immediately lowered my head and waited to be told what to do.
I must have stood for five minutes before I heard Sid say, "Come here slut."
I stepped over to where she was standing. I asked, "Do you like my outfit?"
Sid said sternly, "I would have told you if we were displeased. Remove your top and skirt."
I unbuttoned the lone button and removed the vest leaving the shelf bra only. Then I removed the skirt leaving me wearing the leather belt with the garters attached to stockings and the crotchless leather thong. Sid placed a leather cuff on each wrist that she attached to the belt with my arms crossed over my stomach. The belt had small rings where the cuffs attached.
She said, "There is an additional benefit to this belt. We are attaching a vibrator to the thong. You will give Rod his blow job. We expect it to be much better than last week. You may not have an orgasm until we tell you. Understand?"
"Yes Mistress." There was a clip that held the vibrator on top of my clitoral hood and was operated by a remote control that Sid turned on low. I was already excited. I didn't think there was any way to reframe from having an orgasm.
Rod stood in front of me and said, "On your knees. Let's see what you learned."
Sid was behind me and placed her hands on my elbows to help me get on my knees as my hands were belted to my waist. Rod's big dick was already hard and dangled in front of my eyes. Between seeing this beautiful penis and the light vibration on my clit, I was already ready to cum.
I started by kissing the base of his penis and worked to the tip. I took the tip into my mouth and sucked in and out. I had to have an orgasm soon. I asked, "Please Mistress can I cum. Sir's penis is so good. I will be able to give a better blow job if I can have an orgasm now. Please Mistress!"
Sid said, "If you have an orgasm you will be punished. Don't try to hide an orgasm or the punishment will be worse. Get back to the blow job."
I again took the tip in my mouth. This time I started rocking my mouth back and forth taking in a little more each time. I was sucking as his penis was being extracted. It felt so good to both of us. I could feel Rod getting harder. As I got half his penis in he began to moan. He said, "Oh yeah, you are a nasty oral whore, aren't you? That feels so good."
I kept the technique going until I had all but two inches. Then it happened. I had a big orgasm. I held him in my mouth there but made a primal sound. I just kept his penis in my mouth while the orgasm was happening. My body shook from the intensity. I thought Rod liked the sensation of my throat vibrating from the noises I made with his penis in my mouth.
Sid said, "I told you not to cum yet. You still don't know how to be a good slut. Keep giving Sir his blow job while I punish you. Don't you dare have another orgasm without permission."
I was recovered enough to concentrate on giving Sir Rod his blow job. I could feel the fluid running down my legs. I started rocking back and forth on Sir Rod's dick. I kept up the techniques of yawning as I took his dick into my mouth and sucking as I extracted. It took only about five more cycles of this before my nose was touching his stomach. When I had it all he put his hands to the back of my head to hold me there. This was the test. Would I gag?
He held me there for about a minute. Because I had so much practice with the dildo down my throat I didn't gag. He released my head and I started rocking back and forth. The vibrator was still stimulating my clit.
Sid turned it up just a little and said, "You need to learn to control your orgasms. You will be punished for the one you already had."
I didn't stop working on Rod penis. I loved sucking dick now. Rod was moaning as I slowly took his penis almost completely out of my mouth and then took it all the way to the base. Rod was about nine-inches long. I felt good about myself as I could feel Rod getting ready to ejaculate. I sped up the pace.
Rod made a loud sound and he started pumping his fluids in my mouth. Some ran out of my mouth as the volume was more than I could take in. As soon as he started ejaculating in my mouth, I had another orgasm. It happened before I even knew it. There was no way I could stop it. I wanted to take up as much of Rod fluids as I could so I didn't scream but my body shook.
Sid screamed, "Did you have another orgasm?"
When Rod ejaculation stopped, I pulled out and said, "Yes Mistress. I need to be punished but did I please Sir?"
Rod said, "You pleased me very much. That was a very good blow job. I do believe you are an acceptable oral slut."
Sid said, "Get up and bend over the bench. How many licks do you think you should get?"
"Whatever Mistress desires. I have been bad, I had two orgasm without permission but Sir's penis felt so good in my mouth and the vibrator hit me just right, I just couldn't help it."
Sid said, "Look at what I am going to use on you. This is going to hurt but you have to learn." She showed me a leather paddle about four-inches wide and eight-inches long with a handle.
The bench was just the right height to keep my feet on the floor and bend over the bench with my ass in the air. She hit my right ass cheek. It was loud and it did hurt.
Sid said, "Count and thank me for punishing you."
I said, "One, thank you."
She stuck me on the other cheek, "Two, thank you."
This continued until I said, "Ten, thank you." I was beginning to cry but I felt my pussy wanting to contract for another orgasm. I fought it.
Rod rubbed my ass. He touched my pussy and said to Sid, "I think she is ready to cum again.
Sid said, "Are you about to cum from your punishment slut?"
"Yes Mistress," I said while tears ran down my face.
Sid said, "You will get additional punishment if you do. I am going to give four more licks."
She hit me again. "Eleven, thank you," I said,
As she hit me the fourteenth time. I came with a huge orgasm. She had turned the vibrator on high as she gave me the last four. I shook all over and screamed, "Oh my gawd!"
She let me come down a little before saying, "You are out of control slut. I don't know what to do with you. Rod turn her over and fuck her."
Rod roughly turned me over on the bench. He placed my feet on each of his shoulders and shoved his hard penis in my gushing vagina. The thong was cut so that the vibrator stayed on my clit while he had access to my vaginal opening. With his penis pushed all the way in, the vibrator was pressed even tighter to my clit.
Sid had her feet on a small stool on each side of the bench. She pressed her now naked pussy over my mouth and said, "You can have another orgasm after you give me one."
Her pussy was leaking on my face. She must have gotten very excited giving me my punishment. She had turned the vibrator down to low again but Rod big penis was stroking in and out my tight pussy stretching it beyond anything I had felt before. If I hadn't been so stimulated I think it would hurt but my ass was burning and my pussy was completely drenched. It even felt oddly erotic to have my hands bound to my waist.
Mistress Sid was rocking hard back and forth over my mouth. She said, "Stick your tongue in my pussy, slut. You gave Sir Rod a good orgasm, you owe one to your Mistress."
I stuck my tongue out as far as I could. She began to moan, "That's my sweet slut. Make your Mistress happppeeee..."
I could tell she was having as orgasm. I could feel her vagina contract on my tongue and the fluid ran into my mouth. Rod was pounding my swollen pussy as the vibrator continued to punish my elongated clit. I managed to hold off on an orgasm until Mistress was finished. Then I had another even larger orgasm. It shook me to my toes. Rod felt it and slammed into me hard and held his penis deep in me.
No sooner than I had finished I felt Mistress having another orgasm. I assumed this meant I could also. As soon as I started to build to another one, Rod said, "I am going to give you my load. You can have another orgasm if you have it with me."
I said very loudly, "Thank you Sir. I am ready as soon as you are."
He gave a primal scream and started to pump my pussy with his fluid. I could tell it was smaller than the first but plenty to give me another powerful orgasm. Sid had taken her pussy away from my mouth and was standing next to us as we shared our orgasms.
Rod finished and pulled out of my pussy. I continued to lay on the bench on my back as he unsnapped the wrist cuffs from the belt, removed them from my wrists and removed the vibrator from the thong.
Sid said, "You still need to be punished for the orgasm that I didn't permit. But because you were such a good slut tonight and worked so hard on the blow job, I am going to make it an easy one. You must go home without any additional clothes and you will not be allowed to clean up. Additionally, you must wear this until you get to your trailer."
She held up a chain with clamps on each end. She clipped them on my nipples. The bra left the nipples open so the clamps attached even while wearing the bra. It hurt but was bearable.
Sid said, "Next Monday night you must take some large penises in your vagina and I don't think you are ready. There is a dildo that is close to the size of the people you will be taking in this package. Practice with it. Now get out of my sight."
I asked, "You mean larger than Sir Rod or Jerome?"
She said, "Yes."
I collected my top and skirt, put them in the bag and walked fast to my car. My legs were unsteady, my tits were being abused from wearing the nipple clamps, my ass hurt from the whipping, my pussy hurt from being stretched by Rod's penis and my mouth felt stretched from Rod's penis and taking Sid's pussy. I made it to the car without being seen.
I was frightened all the way back to the trailer. What would happen if I had to stop for anything? Somehow the situation excited me.
When I got home it was close to eleven. Mark was asleep in his room with the door open. I tried to make no noise, went to my bedroom and removed the clamps. They had stopped hurting about half way home but as soon as I removed them my nipples burned with pain. I screamed.
I heard Mark say, "Are you ok?"
I said, "I'm fine just hit my toe on the bed. Go back to sleep. Sorry I woke you."
Mark said, "Ok. Let me know if I can help."
Even with all that was happening to me it dawned on me he was sober. Interesting. I took a shower and went to bed exhausted.