All characters portrayed in this story are over the age of 18-years-old. There are no underage characters in this story.
*
Becky flashes her mother and sister to her husband and brother-in-law.
Surprised by her calm, cool reaction to his wife exposing his erection to his mother-in-law, being that she didn't look away, she didn't seem offended by Becky exposing his cock to her. With her not looking away and with her not appearing offended, both were positive reactions to Anna May seeing his cock. Thinking that she'd be offended by Becky flashing her mother his prick, instead taking it all in stride, she didn't even seem embarrassed. Moreover, contrary to how he perceived her response would be to seeing his prick, instead of appearing mortified or even uncomfortable with his exposed erect cock in view, she was unabashed in her reaction. Not looking anywhere else but at his erect cock, the first time seeing her son-in-law's penis, Anna May stared at Brian's erect prick as if she was gawking at a traffic accident or at a 50% off shoe sale display at Macy's.
Wanting to flash her his prick to her for years, not only couldn't he believe his mother-in-law finally saw his cock but also he couldn't believe her reaction to seeing his prick. Instead of looking away, she stared at his cock. Instead of her face turning red with embarrassment and instead of her making a face as if she had just eaten something bad, she gave him a small, discreet, sexy smile that told him that she liked what she saw. With his wife the perfect accomplice, in helping him to flash his mother-in-law, he couldn't believe that Becky showed her mother his dick. In the way that his Anna May stared at his prick, he'll be masturbating over this day and his mother-in-law's focused reaction for the rest of his life. He was just as sexually excited having Becky flash her mother his cock as he was when he showed his wife's naked body to his four friends. Nonetheless his sexual excitement, never knowing that he was as much an exhibitionist as he was a voyeur, he quickly pulled up his pajama bottoms.
"Becky! What's wrong with you?" Anna May looked from her son-in-law to her daughter. "How dare you?"
Oh, oh, what's this new wrinkle and disturbing reaction to Becky flashing her mother his cock? He didn't see this coming. Now, suddenly, a complete one-hundred-eighty degree turn around, his mother-in-law seemed pissed but, by the sexy look she gave him before, if reading her look correctly, he hoped that he knew differently. Obviously putting on an act for the benefit of her daughter, perhaps because he was her daughter's husband, acting as if she was uncomfortable with Becky flashing her his erect prick, he was seeing another side of his mother-in-law that he's never seen before. Not knowing what would happen when Becky flashed Anna May his cock, nothing more than a sexual fantasy that he had, he imagined that his mother-in-law would reach out and touch him and take him in her hand to stroke him. Only, by her negative reaction, that would never happen. Nonetheless, she did give him that sexy look when she first saw his cock. What was that about? He was confused.
"What?" Becky shrugged as if she didn't understand what the big deal was in flashing her husband's cock to her mother.
"What?" Anna May flashed Becky an angry look. "What do you mean what?"
Becky stared down her mother. There was a tense moment when he thought the two women were going to argue. He'd like nothing more than to see them have a catfight. How hot would that be to see Becky strip her mother naked? Only, that would never happen. Nonetheless, there was an uncharacteristic attitude to his wife's voice with a flash of temper towards her mother that he had never seen before.
Never thinking his wife was a bitch, in the way that he thought many of his friends' wives were bitches, she was always so nice to him, so good to their children, and so respectful of her mother. Besides, even if he had to order her a new car, give her a remodeled kitchen, and buy her the diamond ring and fur coat he had promised her, what better wife to have than one who agreed to and had a gangbang? With that milestone already behind them, who knows, maybe she'll agree to try swinging next? Only for that to happen, he'll probably have to install the in-ground pool he's been promising her since they bought this house when they were first married fifteen years ago.
"Didn't you get a good enough and long enough look at Brian's cock Mom? Didn't you see it well enough and stare at it long enough? Maybe you'd like to see his prick again so that you can stare at his cock longer this time," said Becky leaning in her mother's face.
After that angry exchange, Becky turned to Brian and pulled his pajama bottoms down again. This time, Anna May stared at his cock again as if she was an Italian woman dying for a big, hot, Italian sausage after eating a steady diet of small, soft American breakfast links. With him never expecting this reaction from his wife, especially after showing her naked body to his four horny friends, Becky's angry reaction to her mother staring at his cock made him curious.
'What the Hell was that about?'
He had no clue what was happening here. Now instead of feeling sexually excited, he felt uncomfortably embarrassed. Maybe Becky didn't want her mother seeing her husband's prick but why? She didn't have any reservations about flashing him to her mother before when he first asked her about doing that. Maybe in the way she was having second thoughts about having a gangbang, she was having second thoughts about flashing him to her mother.
A little bit screwy, she acted as if her flashing her mother his prick was all her mother's fault. Weird. Obviously, along with the pent up anger, there's some kind of history between her and her mother that his wife never discussed with him. Always thinking that they enjoyed a close mother and daughter relationship, he wondered what had happened between them to have changed all of that.
Confused by the way that Becky talked so disrespectfully to her mother, as if it wasn't disrespectful enough that she flashed Anna May his cock, he wasn't so sure if he wanted to continue playing this flashing game of tickle and tease with Becky's mother. Suddenly, he felt like the pervert that he was. Uncomfortably positioned between his wife and her mother, he felt as if he was the man in the middle of things, a place where he'd rather not be. Having a glimmer of insight and sensitivity, something he's not used to having, now he wondered if Becky felt the same way about being coerced to show his friends her naked body.
Suddenly feeling much like an unrepentant husband who was caught red handed with his lover by his wife, he didn't know what was happening between the two women. He thought Becky was okay with flashing her mother's naked body to him. He thought Becky was okay with flashing his cock to her mother. Now that he saw his wife's reaction to seeing her mother flashing her nearly naked body to him by wearing that sexy nightgown in front of him without the modesty of a robe, he was confused. Grateful for the small things, he was glad that he didn't French kiss his mother-in-law and feel her tits while fondling her ass.
This time slow to retrieve his pajama bottoms, unsure if he should leave his pajama bottom where it was or pull it up, he gave his mother-in-law a good, long look at his cock before hiding his prick away again. Even after being lambasted by his wife for wearing her sexy nightgown in front of her husband and for staring at his exposed prick, with her not looking anywhere else but his prick, he wanted to believe that his MILF of a mother-in-law liked what she saw. Maybe she was just shocked and nervous that she saw her son-in-law's prick. Wondering if she was feigning her outrage, she immediately returned the hostility between them by lambasting her daughter.
"Why would you do that Becky? Why would you not only disrespect your husband but also disrespect me by pulling down Brian's pajamas in front of me to flash me his penis? And then to accuse me of staring when, in shock that you did such a thing, I merely looked for a moment. Your bad behavior is reprehensible for doing such a thing and even worse for accusing me of being sexually interested in my son-in-law. How dare you?"
'Weird that she call his cock a penis,' he thought.
Contrary to her reaction of staring at his exposed prick, if only by the length and the intensity of her focused stare, now he wondered how innocent Anna May really was. Moreover, with her staring at his exposed prick, why would she lie that she wasn't staring at it when he knew she was? Perhaps, their little secret, obviously she didn't want her daughter to know that she was sexually interested in her husband. Contrary to her verbalized disinterest, playing the modest mother-in-law to the end, he could tell or at least he hoped that she liked what she saw enough to stare at all that he was showing and at all that she was seeing.
"Oh, don't be so modest Mother. Don't give me that crap. Look at how you're dressed. You're such a slut. You've always been a whore. Parading around in your sheer nightgown without a bathrobe in the way you've always flashed men your body, you wanted Brian to see your nearly naked body. I can see your nipples, areolas, and even count your pubic hair," she said pushing the thin material of her mother's nightgown against her skin.
"It was early. I didn't think anyone was awake when I came out to the kitchen," said Anna May slapping her daughter's hand away from her breast. "I figured I'd do something nice and make you breakfast," she said. "This is the thanks that I get."
"Breakfast? Since when do you cook? You never made me breakfast when I lived at home," said Becky.
"You and your sister didn't eat. Preferring to look like starving refugees, you were always watching your weight," said Anna May.
"So, what's the big deal? It's just sex. Right mother? It's just a body," she said coming up behind her mother to whisper her words in her ear but loud enough for Brian to overhear her. "Isn't that what you always said whenever I caught you having sex with one of my boyfriends, one of Susannah's boyfriends, or coming home drunk with some guy you picked up at a bar and brought home to spend the night sucking and fucking?"
"I did no such thing," said Anna May denying her daughter's accusations but looking guilty as Hell. "You're lying to make me look bad in front of Brian."
"I don't have to lie to make you look bad Mom. You're doing a good job of that yourself parading around nearly naked as if you're a slut instead of my mother and Brian's mother-in-law," said Becky.
"I'm covered," said Anna May looking down at herself. "It isn't as if I'm walking around naked."
"If you could walk around naked Mother, you would. With you acting so shocked to see Brian's cock, the reason Dad divorced you was for cheating on him with all of his friends. Truth be told, you've seen plenty of cocks before, haven't you? From the day you got knocked up with me, you've always been a cock sucking, cock slut. I'm surprised you didn't abort me. I'm surprised you didn't put me up for adoption. With all the men in your past, I'm surprised you even knew who my father was," said Becky.
Anna May's face turned red obviously not only from her daughter's accusations of infidelity but also that she exposed her sordid, sexual past to her son-in-law. Thinking that his mother-in-law was so innocent, if only he knew she was a slut, he would have made a move on her years ago. If only he knew her sordid past, he wouldn't have felt so guilty when he masturbated over the thoughts of having sex with her.
"It was different back then and I was so young. I never considered aborting you. I never thought about putting you up for adoption. Furthermore, I'll have you know that your beloved father cheated on me first and with more women than I ever cheated on him with men," she said in her defense.
Wow! Having never heard them argue before, he couldn't believe they were arguing now. Brian couldn't believe his ears. Becky's mother is a whore. Anna May is a cock sucking, cock slut. Who knew? Being that she has the same genetic makeup, that's were Susannah must get her loose morals. She such a slut too but in a good way and not in a bad way. The sexy, slutty sister that he should have married, that is, until Becky lost her inhibitions and sexually relaxed after having her gangbang, Susannah is the fun loving sister that Brian hoped Becky would finally become more like after experiencing her gangbang.
Now that he knows her mother is a slut, no wonder why, once he was able to persuade Becky to have a gangbang, she took the football and ran with it for a touchdown. Once he agreed to buy her a new car, a remodeled kitchen, and the fur coat and diamond ring he promised her, she embraced her new found sexuality as if she was a born again Christian finding Jesus. Reflecting back on how everything unfolded, now it all made sense. If he didn't know any better, he'd think his wife played him to get all that she wanted and needed from him.
Now that he recalled seeing her having sex with Jack, more than just one of the participants in a gangbang, he wondered how interested in Jack she really was. Maybe the two of them are plotting and planning a sexual rendezvous behind his back. Maybe she's thinking about leaving him for Jack. Yeah, well, good luck with that. She'll never get custody of the kids when he tells that judge about her gangbang.
He wondered if by admitting to Becky that he was sexually attracted to her mother and her sister, if he made his wife angrily jealous. Wish his could stuff the rabbit back in the hat, now he wished he had never opened up this Pandora's Box by asking Becky to flash his cock to her mother. He wondered if that was the cause of this recent hostility she has towards her mother. Yet, in the way that Becky talked about what happened between her mother having sex with her boyfriends, with her sister's boyfriends, and with her drunken, one night stands before Becky was even married to him, he could tell that this was a long, festering sore between them.
Obviously, she's still angry that her mother cheated on her father and that her father left her mother and abandoned her. Obviously, she's still angry that she grew up in a broken home without a father. Maybe that's why she married him, an older man, albeit not that much older than her, only six years. Maybe she was looking for the Daddy she never had by marrying a man like him, strong, supportive, and taking care of all of her needs.
With Brian shocked and sexually excited, not only couldn't he believe that his wife flashed her mother his cock, he couldn't believe that his mother-in-law stared at his exposed prick. This day, even with them arguing was turning out to be one of the best days of his marriage. Then, as if she was drunk or on drugs, if it wasn't enough that she pulled down his pajamas and flashed her mother his cock, Brian couldn't believe what outrageous, albeit sexually exciting thing that his wife did next. Way better than her initial idea of tickling her mother and her mother dropping her towel to expose her naked body to him, he couldn't have thought of a better idea if he planned this sexy show of exhibitionism and voyeurism himself. Unable to stop himself from staring at his mother-in-law, in the way that Anna May stared at his cock, he stared at what his wife did to her mother.
As if she was a predator in a dark alley or a Japanese, violent attacker on a public street, without warning and in one, quick, fluid motion, Becky squatted down behind her mother and lifted her nightgown up and over her head. As his wife promised that she'd expose her mother's naked body to him, Brian couldn't believe his eyes. As if it all happened in slow motion, he saw Becky expose her mother's bushy, dark brown pussy to him. Then, when her nightgown rose higher, he saw the bottoms of her big tits before seeing her dark brown areolas and her erect nipples. Finally, when Anna May turned to her daughter in her feeble attempt to swat Becky away and to reclaim her nightgown, he saw her mother-in-law's shapely ass.
Oh, my God, she had a better body than he even imagined she did. Naked, naked, naked, seeing her tits, seeing her pussy, and seeing her ass when she turned to try to get away from her daughter, Brian saw his mother-in-law naked. In the way that he couldn't believe that his mother-in-law saw his cock, he couldn't believe that he just saw his mother-in-law naked. He'll be masturbating for years over this sexy image of Becky stripping her mother in front of him.
With Anna May's arms lifted up over her head and covering her pretty face, and with her nightgown and arms held there in place, Becky tied her mother's nightgown in a tight knot over her head. Unable to free her arms to reclaim her modesty, jumping around naked as if a fish out of water, her big tits bounced up and down and swayed side to side with her every movement. Never has he seen such an outrageously sexy sight. Turning one way and twisting another in her attempts to escape her daughter and break free from her nightgown, with her dark, brown, bushy pussy in full view of her son-in-law, her round ass jiggled in the way of firm gelatin. To no avail, Anna May yelled her outrage to her daughter.
"Becky! Stop! No! What are you doing? What the Hell is wrong with you? Untie me this instant!"
As if he was spectator in a catfight where one female combatant strips the other female combatant naked, if this was a video on a porn site, he'd never believe it was real. If it wasn't enough that he saw a quick glimpse of his mother-in-law's naked body, now with her nightgown tied over her head, he was getting a prolonged view of her naked body. Focusing his stare more on her tits, her areolas, and her nipples, he tried to memorize every curve and every freckle on her big, beautiful breasts. Then, with her legs spread far enough apart to show him some pink, zeroing in on her bushy pussy, he looked hard and long enough to seemingly count all of her pubic hairs. Finally, when she turned and bent at the waist in her unsuccessful attempt to free herself from her tied nightgown, it was all that he could do not to step forward, take his mother-in-law by the waist, and impale his erect cock in her pussy. Definitely, he'll be masturbating over this sexy, naked sight of Anna May for years while imagining having sex with her beautiful, naked body.
"Becky! No! Oh my God! Don't you dare. What have you done? Oh, my God! Oh, my God! How dare you? What have you done? Untie me this instant. I'm so embarrassed. Avert your eyes Brian. Avert your eyes. Please don't look at my ass. Please don't look at my tits. Please don't look at my pussy."
"Oh, knock it off Mother. Don't act so innocent with me. I know better," said Becky. "You're such a slut, a whore, and a phony."
"Becky, how can you call me such horrible names? What have I done to deserve your contempt?"
"I'm just calling it how I see it mother," said his wife. "When you're around a man, you act as if you're all made of sugar when you're made more of spice. Brian seeing your naked body is nothing more than what a multitude of men have already seen before. Your teasing act is getting as old as you are. With you parading around my husband with this flimsy, see-through nightgown, what did you expect me to do?"
"Becky, please untie. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I never wear my nightgown around Brian again without wearing my robe," said Anna May.
"You asked for this. Payback is a bitch, bitch. Literally and figuratively you were asking to be exposed and I just exposed you for the whore that you are. In all the years you've been flirting with him and teasing him, no doubt you hoped that he'd see you naked and now he has. Just as I'm surprised that he's never made a pass at you, I'm even more surprised you never had sex with him."
"This is so very humiliating," she said before squatting down on the dining room carpet to preserve some modicum of modesty as if she was Japanese woman after being stripped naked on a public street. "I can't believe you did this to me," she said talking through the thin material of her nightgown. "I'm so very embarrassed, so very embarrassed," she said shaking her head.
Taking her all in, her ass, her tits, and her pussy, Brian stared at his naked mother-in-law in the way that she stared at his exposed cock when Becky pulled down his pajama.
"What's going on?"
Another slut heard from when Susannah opened the guest bedroom door, like mother like daughter, not even taking the time or having the modesty to don a bathrobe, Susannah emerged from the guest bedroom wearing baby dolls. Surprised that she was here with her mother too, Brian didn't even know they made baby dolls anymore. Actually, wearing white, bikini panties and a crop top that barely covered her tits and exposed her flat, toned stomach, if she so much as raised her arms to yawn, her enormous double D cup boobs, areolas, and nipples would be on full display to his horny eyes. He so wanted to squat down as if to tie his shoes for an up blouse view of her big tits but he wasn't wearing shoes. Instead, wishing it to happen and as if on cue, thirty-year-old Susannah raised her arms to stretch and yawn.
"Yawwwohn!"
Oh, my God! As if seeing double and certainly he was seeing double double. From the tops of her areolas down, she seemingly accidentally or deliberately exposed her huge, double D tits and erect nipples to her brother-in-law. While yawning, stretching, and staring at him, no doubt to see his reaction to all that she was showing and to all that he was seeing, her cropped top raised with her arms. In the way that his mother-in-law stared at his cock and in the way that Brian stared at Anna May's naked body, he now stared at his sister-in-law's enormous tits as if he was staring at a sign that read free beer. In the way that Anna May stared at his erection that pushed out his pajama bottom, so didn't Susannah stare at his erection now. He never knew Becky's mother and sister were a family of exhibitionists and voyeurs.
"Nothing," said Becky. "We're just having some family fun."
"Family fun? Fun for whom? How dare you call this family fun," said Anna May through the thin material of her nightgown and from her squatting position on the dining room carpet.
Instead of untying her to free her, tempted to grab a pair of scissors on the pretense to help her to breathe better, Brian so wanted to cut a whole where his mother-in-law's mouth was in her nightgown and to stick his cock inside. With her staring at his exposed prick as long and as hard as he stared at her naked body, he wondered if she'd take him in her mouth. Being that she was so indisposed and so totally exposed and, according to Becky, being that he now discovered that she's a slut, he wondered if she'd suck him. In a frenzy of sexual activity, being that his wife stripped her mother naked and Susannah just expose her tits to him, he wondered if Becky would allow him to have a threesome with her mother and sister. While she watched him having sex with them, in the way that he watched her having sex with his four friends, he'd love to have sex with his mother-in-law and sister-in-law. Obviously oblivious to her mother's predicament, it was then that Susannah finally noticed her mother sitting on the dining room carpet naked.
"Mom?" Susannah laughed at her mother's predicament. "What are you doing squatting on the floor naked? And why is your nightgown pulled and tied over your head. I thought I was bad that time when five guys had their wicked way with me on spring break years ago. Now I know from whom I get my loose morals," she said laughing.
Brian, Becky, and Susannah all stared at Anna May.
"You're crazy Becky. Your sister has lost her mind Susannah. She exposed your brother-in-law to me and accused me of staring at his penis. Then, when I protested her pulling down his pajama bottom, she exposed me to Brian," said Anna May. "I'm so very embarrassed. Please don't look at my nakedness Brian. This is not how I want you to remember me," she said as if she was about to cry. "Will someone please untie me?"
"What? She did? She exposed Brian to you? Seriously? She pulled down his pajama bottom?" More concerned with Brian's exposed cock than she was with her mother's naked predicament, Susannah stared down at Brian's erection that still tented his pajama bottom. "Wow! I wish I had seen that. I wish someone would do that to me," said Susannah giving Brian a sexy look as if daring him to strip her naked in the way that Becky stripped her mother naked.
With the words barely out of her mouth, Becky came around from behind Susannah.
"Your wish is my command little sister," said Becky.
With Susannah more focused on Brian's hard cock that pushed his pajamas forward, not paying any attention to her sister poised behind her and ready to pounce on her in the way she did with her mother, Becky stepped around Susannah and pulled her top up over her head and off. Not giving her any resistance, it was as if Susannah wanted to be stripped naked. It was as if Susannah wanted to show her naked breasts to Brian. Standing there topless while not making any move to cover her nakedness with her hands or with her forearms, she looked down at herself to see all that she was showing before looking up at Brian to see all that he could see of her. As if his eyes reflected two full moons while staring at his sexy sister-in-law's monstrous tits, his pupils widened as if he was high on drugs.
"Oh, my God, I'm topless," said Susannah jumping around to bounce and sway her big boobs. "Don't look at my tits Brian. I'm so embarrassed," said Susannah mimicking her mother while laughing and standing there with her arms by her sides while staring at Brian staring at her tits.
"Oh my God," said Anna May, "did you strip your sister naked too?"
"In the way she's always parading around my husband nearly naked, it didn't take much to strip my baby sister," said Becky with a shrug.
"Becky! Untie me this instant," protested her mother. "This is gone on long enough."
Keeping true to her promise of exposing her mother and her sister to Brian while exposing him to her mother and sister, she stepped around her husband and pulled his pajama bottoms down again. In the way that his prick was at full attention for his mother-in-law's inspection, it was at full attention with his sister-in-law's examination too. Just like mother was daughter. In the way that Anna May stared at Brian's exposed prick, so didn't Susannah.
"Nice cock," said Susannah reaching out her hand to fondle her brother-in-law's big prick while wrapping her fingers around his cock to slowly stroke him before reluctantly letting go.
"Nice tits," said Brian reaching out his horny hands to cup his sister-in-law's double D tits while running two slow fingers across her erect nipples.
When Susannah released his cock, he released her tits. After giving Susannah a long enough look, satisfied that Becky flashed his mother-in-law and sister-in-law his cock, Brian reluctantly pulled up his pajama bottoms again. With enough being enough and feeling that it was the right thing to do, he walked over to untie his mother-in-law. Only, as soon as he untied her nightgown and pulled her nightgown down from her face, Becky pulled Brian's pajama bottoms down again and shoved him forward.
"Becky! Don't," said Brian. "I'm going to fall."
With timing everything, Brian couldn't have timed his fall from his mother-in-law's grace any better.
"Oh, my God," said Anna May with mouth gaping open wide just in time for Brian to fill her open mouth his cock.
As if she was at a doctor's office saying 'Ah,' a bulls-eye, he impaled her open mouth with his erect cock. With Brian unable to catch his balance, thrusting himself forward to push himself up on his knees, he involuntarily humped his mother-in-law's mouth. As if he was doing a fast few pushups in Anna May's mouth, in his feeble attempt to catch his balance, he finally caught himself when his palms hit the floor and slid on the carpet. Even though his stiff prick was in her mouth for only a few seconds before she ejected him with her tongue, he couldn't believe his cock was accidentally buried inside of his mother-in-law's mouth while he involuntarily humped her mouth before catching his balance. A longtime sexual fantasy that he had of his mother-in-law blowing him, if this is the closest he'll ever come receiving a blowjob from Anna May, he'll be masturbating over this moment forever.
"Oh, my God. I don't believe it," said Susannah. "You had your cock in my mother's mouth. Mom, that's so funny. Talk about a quickie," she said laughing. "Only, if that happened to me, I'd be sucking it," she said giving Brian another sexy look while moving her hand back and forth in front of her face with her tongue pushing out her cheek. Still standing there topless, she curled her long, dark, brown hair with her finger while staring at Brian's erection.
"Put on some clothes, you little whore," said her mother pushing down her nightgown and tossing Susannah her top. "How dare you shove your husband's prick in my mouth? If this is a game you want to play Becky, you just wait until you least expect it and I'll get even with you," she said waving her index finger at her daughter and standing to disappear in the guest bedroom with Susannah.
To be continued...