Liza and Lucas have shared their teenage years together as a couple. They were now both 19 and their bodies danced with hormones that made them at their peak of hornyness.
Liza was petite but very curvy with long thick brown hair reaching all the way down over her back. Her youthful tits were round, perky and seemed to defy gravity. What Lucas liked the most of her was her thick round ass that seemed out of proportion with the rest of her body.
Lucas spent a lot of time in the gym, toning his body. He had blonde golden half long hair reaching to his shoulders and a trimmed beard that accented his jawline beautifully.
Yet, beneath his confident exterior he had a small secret. A very small secret, that made him very insecure about his manhood. His very tiny penis. That even looked smaller in contrast with his large balls.
Lucas's insecurities had casted a shadow over their relationship in many occasions. His jealousy and possessiveness had caused them to have fought fiercely. Especially, after Liza had gone out without him and he found out she had gotten attention from others.
Despite this, Liza was loving him unconditionally. She was very aware of his insecurities and the fact that his manhood was quite small and to boost his ego she got down on him often.
She had gotten very skilled in it, and its size really made it easy for her. She loved to make her tongue touch his balls as she took him all the way in her mouth.
She enjoyed the feeling of little cock jerk in her mouth as she sucked him and she loved the way he would moan and beg for her to continue. It gave her a feeling of power.
Lately, she leaned in to this and she would edge him more and more before she finally would send him over the edge. It surprised her how much the control she had over his orgasm made her pussy wet.
She had accepted that he was not able to make her reach her own orgasm. There was a time they would have actual sex, but it didn't do much for her, although she was very careful to never mention this, or anything regarding the size of his cock, to him.
She had settled for the feeling of control and the state of arousal it brought her in. She had gotten very skilled in making herself cum afterwards or even during her blowjob with her hands.
She was now on her knees again in front of the mirror as Lucas was sitting on their bed. She was making her tongue reach his cock slowly, enjoying the movements of his little knob and the needy expression on his face.
She had been teasing him like this for a long time. He had found out a boy had approached her last night when she had been out with her friends. And even though she had dismissed him immediately, he had gotten very jealous which led to one of their common fights.
This time he had said some very hurtful things, and of course had apologized to her over and over again afterwards, but not after she had gotten very upset already.
She was now looking still very mad at him as her lips slid over the tip of his cock. This attitude only seemed to arouse him more.
'Why are you so insecure huh?' She snapped before taking his full cock in her mouth until her tongue tickled his balls again. He moaned.
'Why all this small dick energy?' She said as she went down for the second time.
'Maybe it is because you HAVE a small dick?'
It was the first time she had actually mentioned it. She could feel his cock jerk angrily inside her mouth. The words definitely did something, but not what she expected. He was getting more aroused by this.
She let his cock escape with a plop.
'You are so afraid of other men giving me attention. Maybe it is because you are afraid, they have a bigger cock than you?' She continued as she watched him closely.
She was giving his cock now little kisses. She could she the mixture of feelings on his face combined with the frustration of being very close to an orgasm.
'So afraid they stare at my ass while I'm dancing.' She started to twerk her ass knowing Lucas would have a great view from the mirror.
His cock was now dangerously jerking in her hand.
'Maybe I made their big cock grow large in their pants as I twerked for them.' She smiled mischievous.
And with the last soft kiss his dick exploded. She just watched him as his cock shot his load in the air.
She denied more stimuli for his cock as she held it between her fingers. She felt her pussy clench as she watched the frustration on his face of not being able to enjoy the full pleasure of his orgasm.
Sure, couldn't believe how aroused she felt. And before he could recover, she climbed on his face. He had not licked her pussy for a very long time, but her own urges now made her force him.
His eyes widened as her pussy descended, his tongue eagerly lapping up the juices of her arousal. It was a feeling she had not felt in a long time.
Her new power over him had gotten her in a state of pure lust ready to explode. She squeezed her own tits as she rode Lucas his face.
'You are going to make me cum, something your little dick has never done!'
Finally speaking the truth sent electricity between her legs. She could feel her orgasm approach as she laid back, his tongue reaching even deeper.
Her head flooded with images of men with large cocks that wanted to fuck her, she got fully lost in the fantasy. She started to moan uncontrollably as she waited for the feeling inside her that started to overwhelm her.
Until she exploded. Her body trembling heavily, she set her nails in his legs, her head fallen back, her toes curled up and her eyes closed focusing on the feeling.
She screamed as the waves kept hitting her. She could feel the intense pleasure inside of her that had been buried away for years. She felt goosebumps form over her whole body.
She kissed him afterwards, tasting herself on his lips. She did not care at this point. She left the room to clean herself up. Once she came back, she saw Lucas was already fast asleep and she joined him.
---
It has now been a week since that night where Liza rediscovered her own sexual needs and desires and they had not talked about the incidence ever since. It was not a subject to be brought up easily and neither of them felt the need to go through the embarrassment to bring it up.
Lucas was chilling on the bench on their balcony of their little apartment on the 11th floor as the weather was really nice. Liza watched him from the back as she was inside getting something to drink. Her mind drifted off to her intense orgasm of last week, then suddenly a very naughty idea came in her head.
She walked to their hallway to take off the sundress she had been wearing. She took a moment to admire herself in their mirror and was not unhappy about what she saw.
The tan lines on her round beautiful tits from her bikini, made them stand out more in contrast to the rest of her tanned body. Tan had always come easily to her. To make them stand out even more she arched her back. Her nipples were slightly hard from the sudden change in temperature.
She moved her hips to watch her ass. Also, here the tan lines of her bikini bottom, which always had covered most of her ass, mostly because of Lucas not allowing her to show more skin, were in contrast with her brown skin.
She had decided to wear one of her smallest G-strings this morning and the fabric completely disappeared between the cheeks of her round ass. She spread her legs wider and bend forward to see that the fabric struggled to cover her pussy completely. She pulled it up even further to make the fabric split her pussy lips.
She felt her arousal building. Was she really going to do this? She took a couple deep breaths before putting her hand on the doorhandle. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she opened the door to their balcony.
She had always been very carefully with her dressing up and exposing herself. What she was planning to do now went completely against her nature, but it was something she really wanted, no needed, to explore after what had happened last week.
A mischievous smirk was playing on her lips as she stepped outside slowly, making sure to sway her hips in a seductive walk. She could feel the heat of the concrete under her feet together with the heat of the sun hitting her bare chest.
She tried to hide her own nervousness as she stepped in front of Lucas knowing that her barely covered ass was in complete view of anyone that happened to look their way. Which had a quite high probability as their flat was opposing another 15-floor flat that had the same building plan, having 5 apartments different apartments for each floor.
Many people were enjoying the weather on their balconies just like Lucas was doing. Just watching them while her own tits were on full display made her pussy heat up between her legs. She stood there for a couple of seconds enjoyed a feel that made her feel alive and free in a way she had never felt before. She could feel the breeze hardening her nipples.
Lucas looked up from his phone and his eyes widened in shock as he saw her.
'Liza! What are you doing! Everyone can see you?'
He shouted in surprise and with a tone of anger.
'Just wanted to keep you company.'
She replied in her sweetest tone, ignoring his flaring nose.
'Please, cover yourself up.'
He managed to cry out as she took her place on her knees in front of him, spreading his legs with a mischievous smile.
'Not yet baby. First let us find something more entertaining to do.'
Her heart still pounded in her chest as she felt the sun burn on her ass and even on the exposed parts of her pussy. The naughtiness of her act made her pussy burn of heat. As she thought of all the people that could potentially see her, she could feel the wetness forming between her legs. She arched her back to give Lucas, but also everyone else, a better view of her ass.
'Please! Liza! Stop this, everyone is looking at us!'
Her lips already touched the tip of his fully erect cock. Her pussy clenching by hearing the confirmation of what she was afraid of, but also hoped.
'Why are you so hard then?'
She kissed his cock softly. Again and again, her eyes never leaving his. She had never felt so aroused before and fantasies started to fill her mind again.
'You don't want your baby to suck that tiny knob of yours?'
She laughed as his cock jerked between her fingers as she said the word. The confirmation that somehow this aroused him very much.
'Don't worry.' She continued. 'They are not looking at your cock, I'm sure they only focus on my ass.'
She continued to kiss his cock, feeling it jerk more and more aggressively between her fingers. She watched as she could see the internal struggle on his face.
'Tell me if you want me to stop.'
She looked at him with her most begging Bambi eyes, getting all the way down on him. Now bobbing her head while swirling her tongue over his cock in her mouth before releasing him with a slurping sound.
'No.. please..'
'No? You don't want me to stop? You want me to suck that cum out of your little friend here?'
She now very carefully licked his cock keeping just enough time between the licks to not send him over the edge.
'Yes. Please continue.' Lucas managed to grunt out as the frustration was clear on his face.
She had that mischievous smile again. She knew her pussy must be a complete mess by now, she felt her swollen lips and clit throb, calling for attention.
'Tell me first you want me to suck your tiny little cock. I want to hear you say it.'
He hesitated. The struggle of emotions clearly playing inside his head.
'You better hurry baby. The longer you wait, the longer our neighbors enjoy the show here.'
She wiggled her ass as she sucked on his balls. He was still frozen, not being able to make a decision.
'Maybe this helps.'
She grabbed the thin fabric between her cheeks and pulled it to the side. The air on her soaking wet pussy added a new sensation to her arousal. The fact that her naked pussy and ass were now possibly exposed to someone else other than her boyfriend clouded her mind with arousal.
'Don't wait to long honeybun. It is not fair to tease all these older men with my young eager pussy'
She said the last words very slowly. The sound of each of them sent jolts of electricity to her clit.
'Please make my little cock..'
Finally, Lucas couldn't take it anymore as saying the words itself and seeing his girlfriend expose herself like this sent him over the edge.
Liza only smiled as she sat back. She watched his little cock shoot load after load as it was moving freely in the air, desperate to find extra stimulation to make its orgasm more pleasurable. She became more and more aware of her own arousal as she watched him cum. She listened to his frustrated grunts as the cum covered her tits.
'Good boy.'
She said casually as she tapped his little member.
'Now it is my turn, better to do it inside tho, we don't want the neighbors to see.'
She smiled at him as she slowly stood up and walked inside.
'You coming?'