We had had a sunny day alone at home. I was feeling quite randy, especially seeing she wander around in skirt and a light top. I kept trying to seduce Connie, touching her suggestively, trying to get my tongue into action in kisses, whispering suggestive things to her. So far no real response.
Half way through the afternoon, the phone rang. It was a friend of Connie's, wanting to arrange a coffee sometime. While they were talking, I came up behind Connie, and grabbed a breast. She pushed me away, but I persisted, since she was constrained in what she could say by the phone at her mouth. I snaked an arm around her waist, and stroked her pussy mound through her skirt. She squirmed to get way from me, then seemed to give up. her legs opened a bit as she stood there, carrying on a normal conversation with her. She rang off, then turned to me and gave me a sexy mouth, and a tongue that was alive! We kissed like that, my hand between her legs, then she moved in the direction of the bedroom.
As we approached the bedroom, the doorbell rang. She changed direction, but I came with her, I had now hiked up her skirt and insinuated my hand now between her legs from behind. She tried to get away, but gave up and opened the door, leaving the screen door shut. We could see, but not be seen. It was the paperboy, collecting.
Connie said, "Wait a minute!"
and reached for her purse by the door. My hand was playing with her pussy, my fingers having found a way around her panties. Connie was already moist.
She had the money, and needed to open the screen door. I let her do that, withdrawing my hand. When she had paid him, she locked the door, which gave me an opportunity to put my fingers back where they had been. Connie sighed and leaned into another deep kiss. She moved quickly to the bedroom, and dropped her skirt, wanting to keep the kiss going while she was doing it. She was starting to hump into my finger, wanting to rub her clit against its little pressure.
Through the open curtains, we could see a car pull up outside. Bummer, I thought, but I kept my fingers in her wet slit. I stood behind her, my cock still in its shorts, my finger in her slit, my other hand trying to unclasp her bra. She said, "Wait!" urgently. The car door opened, and someone went across the road, so she relaxed again. She turned, shrugged off her t-shirt and allowed me to finish taking off her bra, then she pulled down my shorts and started playing with Damien. He loved it, as always. Her fingers were soft but firm and knew how to excite him. She directed my head to her chest, to kiss her boobs.
Then she moved to the bed and lay on her back. I started kissing her feet, then moved up her legs to her pussy. She spread her thighs to give access. My tongue starting to lick her little button, and she moved in appreciation, with a little groan.
"Fuck my fanny with your tongue," she said.
And I was doing what she wanted, but the phone started ringing. We both tried to ignore it, but it wouldn't stop, so I was forced to get up, my prick standing to attention. She tried to hold my head there at her pussy, but I was gone. I grabbed the phone by the bed. It was her friend again, wanting to change arrangements for coffee.
I handed Connie the phone, but slipped my finger back into her wet cunt, and sat beside her, while she spoke. She grabbed Damien again with her free hand. Her voice was very husky as she spoke (could her friend notice, I wondered?), and she managed to conclude discussions quickly.
Before she had even finished talking, my head was back between her legs, lapping up her love juice. She was very wet. She fumbled the phone into its cradle, then moaned as she got back into the swing of things.
We hadn't been going long, before we were startled by the front door ringing again. This time, she went over to the curtains. As she stood there, I came up behind, played all over her body. She leant into me, holding my arms onto she. I somehow got my prick into she from behind, knees trembling. her pussy was so open and wet and warm, Damien loved it.
It was a neighbour at the door, with her daughter. They could not see us. We could hear them more than see them. They obviously felt that we were home, but at this stage, we were both too far gone in our love making to want to stop. As they stood there, I slowly moved in and out of her wet cunt. She had her eyes closed and leant against the wall next to the curtains to provide some stability for our fucking.
We were screwing five feet way from them, but we kept our noise down so they might go away. Then the phone rang again.
She made a move this time, but I held onto her hips so she couldn't pull away. "Shh," I said. Our neighbour waited. The phone rang. I pressed my cock into her from behind as she was leaning against the wall. This time, the phone stopped and our neighbour moved away. They were only gone for a few strokes when some religious visitors appeared at the gate. They came up the path. I was still fucking her, and we could watch them. I found it exciting to be fucking away so close to people and them not know. They rang the bell.
Despite her muffled protest, I yelled out, "Good afternoon."
"May we speak with you?"
I thrust into wet pussy, she grunted quietly. We were almost breathless.
I said, "Not really, we're busy right now" (giggles from Connie)
"We won't be long, sir."
"No, sorry, not interested," I said.
and with that I gave a last thrust, and came inside Connie's slippery cunt, as they walked away.