A roar of laughter came from an open window of the small house on Baltimore street. Saturday nights here in the cul de sac were quiet and, in the summer, when the air was still, sounds would echo off the houses along the street. Inside the house, Joanne and Todd, a couple in their mid-forties, were entertaining their neighbor Mike, a tall dark-haired man, with dinner and drinks. Mike had just finished an old story from his college days where he and Todd went on a disastrous double date that caused them to almost end up in jail.
"If it wasn't for that night, I would never had met Jennifer." Mike said as he finished the story. "She was an officer in training that night and was one of the responding officers."
"It's been two long years since she passed." Mike said as he lowered his head. The other two seated at the table also lowered their heads. They scrambled to think of something else to distract Mike from the topic. Mike and Jennifer hit it off that night long ago, he was blown away by her looks the minute she stepped out of the squad car and was just drunk enough to ask an on-duty cop for her phone number. Jennifer hesitated, as Mike often told the story, but she couldn't resist his charm.
"Oh, I know, tell me about the time you two drove all the way to New York for a concert and forgot your tickets." Joanne said with a beaming smile, a dessert fork in one hand, a glass of wine in the other. The two men looked up from the table with big smiles.
"All the trouble we've gotten into together over the years." Mike said as he shook his head at the thought.
"You've heard these dumb stories so many times, I'm sure you're sick of them." Todd said as he looked at Joanne with a big grin.
"No, I love them. I really do. I love all the stories from the old days." Joanne replied as wine swirled around in her glass.
"Well, there were these two girls we were trying to impress." Todd explained "We thought we could get lucky if I borrowed my dad's car and drive from Philadelphia to New York city to see the Ramones play at..."
The words trailed off for Mike as he became lost in a thought. He caught Joanne in just the right light, and, for a moment, she looked just like Jennifer. He watched her blonde hair with big curls dance around her head as she laughed and nodded at Mike's story. He remembered Jennifer's beautiful blonde hair and how it always looked so soft and light, until the chemo took it away. He still longed for her to be with him, he could almost feel her hand in his, and her laughter in his ear. It was almost as if she was still sitting next to him.
Joanne and Jennifer were great friends. They worked out together, they coordinated birthdays and holidays together and, on the weekends, were practically inseparable.
"...so, then we didn't have correct change for the tolls." Todd continued the story which brought a big laugh from Joanne.
Mike continued looking at Joanne and thought to himself how Jennifer's breasts were bigger and fuller, and how he loved playing with them any chance he had. He imagined what Joanne's were like and if the two had ever touched each other while showering after a run or...
"Jesus, what am I doing? how long has it been?" Mike asked himself silently "Two years she's been gone and then another year of constantly being sick and not feeling well. Wow. Three years since I've been with a woman."
Mike would never admit to anyone just how lonely he really was. Jennifer was his whole world, he cared more about her than anyone or anything else in his life and he was devastated at her loss. He just recently started leaving the house and getting out and being a part of society again, but there was still something he craved deep inside that he couldn't, and didn't want to, find anywhere else. After dealing with the sickness for so long and the aftermath of hospital bills and getting his life back in order had settled down, he started having strong urges again. He would often fantasize about his sexual past with Jennifer and how voracious her desire was.
Jennifer used to surprise him with sex in strange places and at odd times. He thought of one of his favorite moments where Jennifer surprised him at work with lunch. While he was eating, she crawled under his desk and started sucking him off. Nobody could see her under the big wooden desk, but his boss came in and asked Mike for some paperwork, luckily, he had it handy on his desk in front of him, otherwise his boss would have seen Jennifer happily sucking away. The thought of being caught was an immense turn on for her.
Mike smiled to himself as he thought of the numerous times in public bathrooms, dressing rooms, parking lots, hiking trails and anywhere else the urge took hold and they would find a place to have sex. Jennifer loved the adventure, as she would call it. Perhaps most special to Mike was the last time he had sex with his wife, before her illness took over. He recalled how she came home from an early morning run and started riding him. He woke up to see her hips slowly gyrating back and forth, her sports bra holding back her mountainous breasts, his hard morning cock sliding in and out of her velvety pussy.
It didn't take long for him to realize what was happening and he quickly pulled up her restricting top and let her big pillowy breasts fall out of their confinement. They hung down in front of his face as she continued to ride him, he sucked on her nipples as she rode back and forth. When he was ready to finish, she would kneel on the floor and jerk him off all over her boobs. He loved seeing her tits covered in his cum and she loved the smell, some days she wouldn't shower before work, just to keep a little bit of him with her all day.
"Mike. Mike! Hey man, are you OK?" Todd yelled from across the table.
"Oh yeah, sorry, I was lost in a daydream. What were you saying?" Mike said as he stumbled for words.
"Do you remember how mad my dad was when we brought back the car and he found one of the girls panties wedged between the seats?" Todd asked
"Oh yeah, he was furious, he wouldn't let us use the car for months." Mike responded, "I need to use the bathroom, I'll be right back."
"Well hurry back, I want to hear more stories." Joanne said with a drunken smile
Mike pivoted in his chair and began to stand up when he realized he was completely erect. Even after death, Jennifer still managed to get him hard. He grabbed a napkin from the table and held it over his lap as he stood, concealing his bulging pants. In the bathroom, he unzipped his slacks and his erect cock stood in eager anticipation, as if waiting for Jennifer to come in and take care of it. Mike held it in his hand, he felt it's throbbing girth as the blood pulsed into it, he admired its length and felt like he was in his twenties again. For a minute, he contemplated stroking one out in the bathroom.
"Oh man, it's been so long." Mike said under his breath. His erection wasn't going away and he really had to pee, but with his cock pointing due north, that would be a problem. He looked out the door and checked the hallway, he could still here Todd and Joanne's voices a few rooms away. Back in the bathroom he looked around and found some hand lotion. A couple pumps from the dispenser and he was off to work.
"Oh shit, I almost forgot what this feels like." Mike whispered to himself as he started stroking. His dick seemed to stiffen even more as he wrapped his hand around it. He could tell it wasn't going to take very long, so he angled his cock towards the toilet and with the thought of Jennifer in his head, he shot his load into the water with a loud grunt.
"Shit, I hope they didn't hear that." Mike thought to himself as he finished. He looked over towards the door to see it wasn't closed all the way, he peaked nervously out the door and into the darkened hallway, but saw no one. Mike finished in the bathroom and headed back to the living room, where Joanne and Todd were nestled on the couch.
"Oh hey, you're back. Everything ok?" Todd asked, "You were pretty spaced out there for a few minutes."
"Yeah, yeah, everything is fine." Mike answered back.
"You look flushed. Are you sure you're ok?" Joanne asked with a coy smile. "You seem a little out of breath too. Just how much did you enjoy your trip to the bathroom?"
Todd turned his head to look at Mike, "Yeah, you do look a little red. Sit down, we were going to watch a movie."
"I think I'll pass tonight. I have some work around the house I need to do early tomorrow."
"Oh, ok, well maybe next time." Todd said
"Yeah, for sure. Next weekend probably." Mike replied as he headed to the door.
"I'll see you later, have a good night, man." Todd said as Mike put his hand on the doorknob.
"Yeah, have a good night Mike." Joanne said with an emphasis on good
"I will, thanks. Thanks for dinner" Mike said, as he walked out the door. He started walking through the grass to his house when he started thinking about the way Joanne was talking to him.
"Did she see me in the bathroom?" He asked himself, "Did she hear me?" Mike shook his head in disbelief and headed into his house and into bed.
The next afternoon, Mike was working around the house when he got a call from Joanne.
"Hey, what's up Joanne?"
"Mike, how are you today? Keeping busy?"
"Yeah, just some yardwork and getting caught up with work stuff, nothing exciting."
"Oh cool. Well after you left last night, Todd and I were talking about you and how we think it would be good if you met someone."
"You were? Well I don't know if I'm ready just yet. I think I still need some time. I'm not even sure how to date someone."
"Well, there is a new girl here at the hospital that I think you would love. She's a nurse that just moved from out of state, her name is Cynthia, she's recently divorced and she very beautiful. I was going to give her your number, but I thought I would ask you first."
"Oh, well. I don't know. I need to think about it."
"Well, it's too late, I already gave her your number and she going to call you later tonight."
"What! When did you do this? I appreciate you and Todd thinking of me, but I just don't know yet."
"I got called in today for a few hours, the hospital was short staffed and when I came in, I saw her and was just thinking how perfect she would be for you. I hope you're not mad."
"No, no. Just surprised. Kinda confused I guess."
"Trust me, you will love her, she's amazing. Just be yourself and she will love you too. I know she's looking forward to calling you."
Ok, when is she going to call?"
"When she gets off work, about 8pm. I told her to call you, because you might chicken out and miss out on someone terrific."
"Oh wow, ok. I need to think of what to say when she calls."
"Don't over think it, just be natural."
"Yeah, I suppose that's the best."
"Yes, you can thank me later, I have to get back to work. Don't blow it off and don't be nervous."
I won't, I'll be ready for her."
"Talk to you later, Mike."
"Yeah sure, later." Mike said as he ended the call. He was in a daze and was nervous at the thought of meeting someone new. He was worried he wouldn't be as smooth and charming as he once was back in his youth and Cynthia would hate him. He was worried that it was too soon, and he would be stepping on Jennifer's legacy if found someone new. But, on the other hand, he could really use a companion and person to spend time with.
"What's the worse thing that could happen?" Mike asked himself. The day passed by and with each minute ticking away closer to 8, Mike grew more and more nervous. He Made sure his phone was fully charged and tried to settle down with some TV. Sitting in his favorite chair, he glanced periodically at his phone and taking notice of the time. 7:00, 7:35, 7:50, 7:58, 8:02, 8:14, 8:25.
"Oh, maybe she changed her mind. It's probably for the best." Mike thought just as his phone started ringing.
"Hello." Mike answered pensively
"Hi, Mike? This is Cynthia, Joanne said she told you I was going to call." Her voice was pleasant and calming.
"Yeah, she did. Hi Cynthia. How are you?"
"I'm great, I've heard so much about you already, I feel like I know you." Cynthia said with a giggle
"Yeah, you have me at a disadvantage." Mike answered as he smiled, his nerves beginning to fade away. The two talked on and on about their past and how they have gotten to where they are now. Mike was able to make her laugh, which was a little giggle he found adorable. They discussed their adolescent days and the trouble they both got into. They had many things in common and shared many ideals and beliefs. Before the pair knew it, it was close to 11pm.
"It's really late, I hope I'm not keeping you up." Mike said as he noticed the time
"No, you're not, it's ok, I don't have to work tomorrow." Cynthia reassured him "Hey, I don't know if you would be interested, but there is this tiny bar around the corner from me. If you want to, maybe we could have a drink together. We've been talking for so long, I feel like there might already be a connection. You don't have to is you don't want."
"That sounds great, I don't have to be in to work until later in the morning tomorrow, so that works out for me. I would love to meet you. What's the name of the place?" Mike said with an eager smile
"It's the Wet Whistle. I know it's a dumb name, but the place isn't that bad."
"I think I know where that is. I'll be there in about 15 minutes." Mike said as he looked himself over to make sure he was presentable. All his nerves seemed to wash away with the phone call. He thought this is probably what Jennifer would have wanted, he would have wanted her to move on if the roles were reversed. And talking to someone felt really good.
"Great! See you soon."
"Yeah, can't wait." Mike said as he hung up. He ran to the bathroom and freshened up his deodorant and slapped some cologne on his face. He grabbed a jacket and headed out the door in a hurry.
Mike walked into the Wet Whistle, which was an old dive bar lit primarily in dim red light. Cigarette smoke filled the air and a jukebox in the corner played classic rock hits. The sound of pool balls clacking came from a room in the back. A few patrons were scattered throughout the place and all looked like regulars, except for one person sitting on a stool at the bar humming along to a Journey song. Mike realized that throughout their whole conversation, Cynthia never told him what she looked like and as he walked into the bar and closer to the woman, he was really wishing it was her
She had long, jet black hair that fell below her tiny waist. She was wearing a black leather skirt that showed off her beautifully thick thighs and ass. A bright red, fuzzy sweater that made her stand out even more in the dark room. And as she sat there, her back arching as she leaned against the bar, Mike continued to reassure himself that this was for the best as he urged himself to go up to her.
"Jesus, what a milf." Mike muttered to himself as he walked up behind her, close enough to smell her intoxicating perfume. "Hi, Cynthia? I'm Mike."
"Yes!" She replied as she spun around on her stool to greet Mike with a big hug, her large boobs pressing against Mike's chest. "I'm so glad you came. Sit down, let's have a drink." She patted the stool next to her as she looked him over.
Mike motioned for the bartender and asked for a beer as he took his seat.
"What are you having?" He asked Cynthia
"Just a vodka and soda" She told Mike who then told the bartender. The two sat on the stools enjoying their drinks as they continued talking and laughing. She seemed to love Mike's corny jokes and old stories, she sat and listened to them all with a big smile which melted Mike's heart and occasionally touched Mike's knee and twirled her hair in her fingertips, giving him signs that she was into him. She stared into his eyes as he spoke, moving closer and closer to him until she was just inches away from him face
"So, then Todd and I..." Mike was interrupted in his story by Cynthia, who planted a big kiss on his lips. Taken aback, Mike paused.
"Oh, I'm sorry, that was too soon, I shouldn't have..." Mike interrupted Cynthia with a passionate of his own. The two quickly found their mouths pressed together, their tongues finding each other in their mouths.
"Maybe we should get out of here." Cynthia said with heavy breath as Mike nibbled on her earlobes and kissed her neck.
"Yeah, yeah. You said you live nearby?" Mike said breathlessly as he took a break from tasting Cynthia's neck. Mike paid for the drinks and the two headed out in a hurry, with arms around each other. They quickly made it to Cynthia's car where she reached over and unbuttoned Mike's pants, he lifted off the seat as she pulled his jeans down, his semi hard cock flopped out onto his upper thigh.
"Oh wow, I'm impressed." She said as she looked at his dick.
She grabbed it firmly in her hand and started stroking it while she kissed his lips. Once hard enough she bent over the center console and took his hard cock in her mouth with her ass up in the air. Mike breathed a deep sigh as he felt her warm saliva engulf his throbbing cock, her head bobbing feverishly up and down in his lap.
Mike pulled up her skirt and grabbed her thick ass while she worked on his cock. He pulled aside her black thong panties and felt for her pussy, which was wet and accepting of his finger. She moaned as he flicked her clit and slid his finger between her lips. Cynthia pulled away from Mike's cock, ribbons of drool hung from her lips as she sat back in the driver's seat and started the car. She sped away as she wiped away her saliva with her wrist.
The car stopped abruptly in a driveway where Cynthia quickly got out. Mike, a little confused, followed with his pants unbuttoned and his cock in his hand, hoping none of the neighbors were looking. Inside the house, Cynthia kicked off her shoes and unzipped her skirt in the back.
"Sit!" She ordered to Mike while pointing at the couch. Mike obeyed while she took off her sweater, revealing her beautiful full breasts.
"You don't need these anymore." Cynthia said as she pulled Mike's pants off. She stood in front of Mike, rubbing her pussy while her stroked his dick to keep it hard. She took a step forward and put one knee on the couch, followed by the other, straddling Mike, her breasts pressed against his face. She took ahold of his cock and guided it in her waiting pussy as she lowered herself onto it. Mike's eyes rolled back into his head as he felt it slide in. Cynthia rode up and down on his cock, shallow at first and gradually deeper and deeper until she let out a deep moan. She leaned into him, letting him suck on her tits as she worked, driving his thick cock into her pussy. Mike responded by thrusting his hips up, trying to push deeper into her.
He held onto her waist as they both worked together, their rhythmic pushing causing a symphony of slapping skin to ring out on the room. Cynthia moved her from hips side to side as Mike's cock glided in her. Mike looked up to see Cynthia clenching her eyes shut as beads of sweat formed on her forehead. Cynthia's body began to shake and quiver, her moans started getting deeper and more breathless. He worked harder, knowing she was about to cum.
Mike grabbed her hips, pushing her body down as far as it could go on his throbbing cock. She was now fully bouncing up and down on his shaft, her tits bouncing with her and her hair swinging back and forth with the rhythm. She leaned back away from Mike with her hands on his shoulders, Mike looked down to see his dick, shiny with her fluids, disappear inside her. Cynthia let out a loud moan as her body shook, Mike felt a rush of wetness around his balls as she collapsed against him.
"Oh fuck, your cock feels amazing." She said as she panted on his chest. "I haven't came like that in ages."
"Baby, I'm not done yet." Mike responded to which Cynthia giggled. Mike stood up, with his dick still in her, and turned around so she was laying on the couch with her legs wrapped around him. Mike slowly pushed in her as she moaned deeply. He leaned over her as he slowly built up speed until he was fucking her with pace of a machine. Their skin slapped together as he started pounding her into the couch, his cock driving deep inside her. She held onto her tits as he worked. Mike loved how she felt and how she looked under him, her eyes rolled back in pleasure, her hair clinging to her face. He started moaning with her, sweat forming on his forehead.
Mike continued slamming his dick into her and she responded with loud moans and the occasional scream as he seemingly buried her in the cushions.
"Fuck, you're so big. I love it." Cynthia said, to which Mike responded with primal grunts and moans, too focused on fucking her, eager to make up for lost time from the past year.
"Oh fuck, you're gonna make me cum again" Cynthia said in a high-pitched squeal. "Keep fucking me, don't stop, don't stop fucking stop."
Cynthia's entire body relaxed under Mike as he rhythmically shoved his cock into her pussy. She let out a loud scream, followed by a deep moan. Her vagina clenched down, forcing his cock out. Mike paused for a moment and let Cynthia catch her breath.
"Now let me take care of you." She said as she grabbed his cock in her hands, spitting on the head.
"You are so fucking sexy." Mike said, out of breath, as he watched her take his dick in her mouth for the second time tonight. "Mmmm, fuck."
Cynthia worked the head of his dick with her mouth as she stroked his shaft in a twisting rhythm.
"I want that cum, give it to me." She said as she looked up at Mike, towering over her. "I want that hot load all over my face."
With those words Mike felt the pressure build. He held back as long as he could, enjoying the feeling of her mouth on his dick.
"Give it to me, I want it so bad." She said as she felt his dick throb in her hand. "Give it to me, all over."
Mike's cock released its prize all over Cynthia's hand and chin, causing her to jump slightly. She stroked his cock as it continued to spray over her cheek and lips.
"Mmm, there you go baby. That's it. Doesn't that feel amazing?"
"Oh god, yes. Wow, you are incredible." Mike responded.
"You're pretty good yourself." Cynthia said as she stood up and headed to the kitchen and grabbed a towel off the counter to clean off her face. Mike collapsed on the couch, out of breath and exhausted.
"Come with me, you can spend the night with me in my bed." Cynthia said as she held out a hand to guide him. The two walked back to her bedroom and cuddled naked in the bed where they quickly fell asleep.
The next morning Mike woke up to his phone ringing, Mike looked at the screen to see Joanne calling.
"Hey, how did it go last night? What did you think of her?" Joanne asked
"Um, well. We got along pretty well actually." Mike said as he looked around the room to find Cynthia.
"I told you she was Awesome."
"Yeah, you weren't wrong." Mike said as he continued his search. He slid on his underwear and pants and headed out of the room.
"I want to see more of that." Joanne said
"What do you mean? I'm sure we will talk again." Mike asked as he looked around the empty house for any sign of Cynthia.
"What you did last night. I want to see more."
"More, I don't know what you mean." Mike said as he looked out the window to see the car was gone from the driveway.
"I want to see you fuck." Joanne said sternly
"What the fuck are you talking about?" Mike said with a puzzled look on his face.
"Oh geez, I can't believe you never found out. Sometimes you can be pretty oblivious." Joanne said sarcastically.
"I'm starting to get mad, what the fuck are you talking about?" Mike said with a raised voice
"Jennifer always talked about how good you were in bed and how big your dick was. I never believed her. So, one time I convinced her to video chat me on her phone while you guys would have sex. I was blown away and it became an obsession for me. I couldn't get enough. She would set up her phone in the corner and you two would fuck, not knowing I was watching. I loved seeing her naked and your big cock..."
"Holy shit! Are you fucking serious right now?" Mike yelled into the phone.
"Very serious. Like I said, I was obsessed. There were a few times I was in the same room watching and a few times I was standing outside of the car while you guys did it. You were too focused on what you were doing to notice. Jennifer loved it, it turned her on to no end knowing someone was getting off watching her get plowed."
"I don't know what to say. Why would you do that? Mike asked shocked.
"It's kinda your fault. Last night, you know." Joanne said
"What, that doesn't make any sense. How could it be my fault." Mike asked loudly.
"I thought I was cured, I thought it was over, but when you stood up at the table the other night with a raging boner, I followed you to the bathroom and watched you rub one out. All those feelings returned. Check your messages." Joanne said smugly
"What? I'm confused, this is so much to take in at once." Mike said as his phone dinged, signifying an incoming text. A picture from Joanne slowly loaded, showing him in the bathroom with his dick in his hand. Mike stood there shocked for a moment before putting the phone back to his ear. "Why?"
"I told you why. Jennifer always bragged about her sex life. I was a little jealous. I would never cheat on Todd, but the things she said made me feel like I was missing out. Remember the time she was blowing you under your desk and your boss walked in? I was there, she had me on facetime, I swear you got harder when he walked in."
"I don't know what to say." Mike said with a hand on his forehead still wandering around the house, looking for any sign of Cynthia, "I'm trying to put this all together right now."
"You can stop looking for Cynthia, she's not coming back. She doesn't even live there. Say hi to the cameras above you. The house you're in used to be for supervised parental visits, but the hospital sold it and I bought it with the intention of flipping it. But, now I think I'll keep it. There are cameras everywhere in there that they just left in when it sold." Cynthia said smugly
"I can't believe this is happening right now." Mike said as he looked up at the cameras in the corners of the room.
"It is, I set you up with Cynthia, I found her online and we made a deal. She fucks you and I watch." Joanne said, "Now, If you like her, I can set you up with her again, or you can find your own girl. But if you do bring her back to this house and..."
"Holy shit, I can't believe this is all happening." Mike interrupted.
"God dammit, get over it. Stop being a pussy, you know you like being watched." Joanne said, "Listen, I need to go, but don't let me down."
"I can't believe this. Why on Earth would I ever agree to doing this again?" Mike said exhaustedly
"Give it some thought and you'll come around to it, I'm sure of it." Joanne said before ending the call, leaving Mike standing in the empty house confused and shocked.