This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities between any characters in this story and any real persons, living or dead, are unintended and completely coincidental. Some real institutions are mentioned in this story but, insofar as the author knows, no real person associated with those institutions has acted as my characters do. I encourage comments on this story, both favorable and unfavorable. Thank you for reading.
_____________
Since the pandemic started, I'd worked mainly from home. Some bars and restaurants were open, but there were strict limits on the number of people who could be inside at one time and an early curfew. Those factors, coupled with inertia, meant that I didn't go out much. Nancy had sent me a link for a virtual meeting at 7:30 that Friday night. That surprised me for reasons I'll get to. Also, Nancy hadn't told me what the virtual meeting was about, just that I "might" enjoy it. I guess it was boredom and curiosity that caused me to log in.
I clicked on the link and input the meeting ID number and passcode Nancy had sent. After a moment, I saw myself on my monitor. I clicked on a button to use Internet audio and then saw a new window open on the left of my screen. I enlarged that and found myself looking at a couple sitting side-by-side in front of their computer. They looked to be in their late twenties. He had short blond hair and a narrow face. She had blonde hair, cut to just below her ears, which framed a rounder face that was more cute than beautiful. They both wore tee shirts and looked very fit. The young woman's tee shirt covered a prominent pair of breasts. They were an attractive couple, but I still had no idea what this meeting was about.
I clicked another button that started my video feed and saw my picture appear in the lower right-hand part of my screen. There was a button on the toolbar at the top of the screen labelled "Participants." I clicked on that and saw the names "Jeff & Amanda," "Nancy," "Christy," Louise & Ed," and "new user" which swiftly changed to "Peter." "Peter" was me.
The man of the couple I was looking at said, "Thanks for joining. We'll get started as soon as Patsy joins us. Jan said she might be a few minutes late."
The young woman, who had a low, sexy voice, said, "there's Patsy now!"
"Ok," the man said, "let's get started."
"We have someone new joining the group tonight," the woman said. "Peter is with us for the first time. Welcome Peter. I'm Amanda and this is my husband Jeff. So that everyone else knows, Nancy proposed that we include Peter in the group. Nancy told us about Peter. Jeff and I thought Peter might be a positive addition, we do want to grow this group some, so we agreed that Nancy could invite him. Peter, we're glad you decided to join us. We realize this may be a little awkward at first since you don't know any of us except Nancy. I think you'll find you get to know us all very well very quickly."
"Peter, we're not sure what Nancy told you about this group," Jeff said, "but it is probably easier to show you what we're about than to tell you." Jeff stood up from his chair. Amanda stood up beside him. They both took a couple of steps back so I could see from their heads down to about their knees. Tee shirts appeared to be all that Jeff and Amanda were wearing, although both wore shirts that covered them to about mid-thigh.
Jeff and Amanda turned to each other, facing at right angles to my line of sight. Amanda raised her arms straight up. Jeff pulled her tee shirt up and over her head. He tossed it to his left as Amanda lowered her arms. Jeff raised his arms and Amanda removed his short and tossed it. They turned to face their webcam again. They were both nude and smiling. My earlier impression had been right. They were an attractive couple.
"The purpose of this group," Amanda said, "is to give us all the opportunity to show off and be seen in a way that is safe from the virus and from getting busted."
I saw Jeff extend his arm toward their camera. The picture became jerky and there were flashes on ceiling and furniture as Jeff said, "let me move this camera so you can have a closer look at Amanda." Suddenly, my screen was filled with an image of one of Amanda's breasts, clear and close enough that I could see the texture of her skin. It was a nice breast as was the other one, which filled my screen a moment later. Jeff pulled the camera back a bit and continued the visual tour down Amanda's flat stomach, over her close-cropped blonde bush, and down the fronts of her thighs. Amanda turned around, and Jeff ran the camera up the backs of her thighs and over her tight ass. At Jeff's request, Amanda bent forward and spread her legs. Jeff moved in so we got an up close and personal view of Amanda's asshole and vulva. I remember thinking that Jeff was a lucky man.
Jeff backed away again as Amanda turned to face the camera. With a broad smile, she said, "that's what I look like. I hope you like it. Now, let me show Jeff to you." Amanda took the camera on a slow trip down her husband's chest, sixpack abs, thick dick, and legs. We went back up his legs, and over his muscular ass before we got close-ups of his asshole and balls. Jeff was not a bulky man, but his musculature was extremely well-defined.
Finished with the tours, Amanda set the camera back on its mount. She and Jeff hugged and kissed. They both faced the camera, looking thrilled. "That's us," Jeff said. "Who wants to show off next?"
I heard a voice which I recognized say, "I suggested we invite Peter so I guess I should go next." My screen was filled with the image of Nancy Henderson. Nancy was standing in front of her webcam wearing a fluffy bathrobe with a belt. I had not seen Nancy in almost three weeks, but she was every bit as beautiful as I remembered. Realizing what was going to happen next, I felt blood flowing into my dick.
Nancy stood for a moment looking straight into her camera. A smile came to her sensuous lips. She undid the belt on her robe but let the robe hang closed for a moment. When Nancy took her robe off, I saw that her body was even better than I had imagined. She had full, but proportional, breasts with a few freckles; a stomach that curved out very slightly; nicely rounded curves at her hips; and long, smooth thighs. Between her thighs was a triangle of neatly trimmed brown hair. Nancy smiled again as she turned her bare ass towards the camera. Nancy had a bigger ass than Amanda, but it was perfectly shaped and tantalizing. I imagined running my hands over it and kissing it.
Nancy turned back to face the camera. She took her camera off its mount and sat in a chair at her computer table. Keeping the camera aimed at her mound, she lifted her legs up and rested her feet on the table. That exposed her fully. She took the camera close to herself. My screen was filled with the most attractive cunt I'd ever seen. Forgetting that my microphone was unmuted, I exclaimed "beautiful!"
"Thank you, Peter," Nancy replied. She continued to move the camera back and forth over her sex. I got completely hard.
I could have stared at Nancy's pubes for a while. However, Amanda interrupted, saying, "thank you Nancy." Amanda paused, then said, "Peter, you've seen Nancy, Jeff, and me. It is time we see you."
I'm not sure why I did it, but it felt right. I stood up, facing my camera. I stepped back until I could see my head and most of my body in the small window in the lower right of my screen. I kicked off the flipflops I wore around the house and pulled my sweatshirt over my head. I paused for a moment before I undid my belt, unhooked the top of my jeans, pulled the zipper down, and let my pants fall to my feet.
The hard-on I developed looking at Nancy was making a tent in my boxers. A female voice, I'm not sure whose, said, "I can't wait to see that."
I hesitated. Nancy's image came back in the large picture on my screen. She was still sitting, nude, with her feet up on her computer table. "Please Peter," she said. I guess I'm a sucker for a beautiful nude woman asking me to take my clothes off. I pushed at the waistband on my boxers until they fell to my feet. My dick was hard and pointing up at a steep angle. It seemed almost unforgiveable to be in front of a group of strangers, or near strangers, naked and erect; but it was also exciting and liberating. I felt like I'd stepped into a new world where old rules didn't apply.
After a moment, Amanda said, "you're a very well-built man, Peter. Take your camera off its mount and give us a closer look at your dick and balls." I did as I was told, watching the images of my own balls and dick in the small window on my screen. Finally, Amanda said, "thank you Peter."
I was just leaning toward the computer to remount my camera when I heard another female voice that sounded somehow familiar. "Sorry I'm late," the voice said. "That was a damned nice dick I saw. Whose is it?" A face that I knew appeared on my screen above two bare breasts I'd not seen before. Shit! It was Jan Cartwright, the court reporter I used. I lowered the camera back to my dick and slowly lifted it up scanning along my gut and chest until I reached my face. "Oh shit! Peter!" Jan exclaimed. "Since when have you been in this group?" Jan's face went completely red.
"Peter is new tonight," Amanda said. "Nancy recommended him. You know each other?"
Jan had an odd voice that made everything she said sound ironic. "Uh, yeah, shit this is embarrassing," Jan replied. "I do work for him sometimes."
"There's nothing wrong with having someone in the group whom you know from vanilla life," Amanda said. "Jan, you appreciated Peter. Let him appreciate you."
Jan's image filled most of my screen. "Shit," Jan said again. "I guess I don't have any choice." Jan stepped back from her camera. She was a tall woman, so the image stopped above the middle of her thighs. She was topless but still had on pantyhose over panties. She pushed the top of the pantyhose down to her thighs. She sat down, covering herself from just below her breasts and took the pantyhose off. Then, she stood again. She put a hand on each hip at the waistband over her panties and pushed them down. I didn't get a good view because Jan bent forward to push her panties down her legs.
From the movements of her legs, I inferred that Jan stepped out of her panties. After a moment, she straightened up and faced the camera. Her breasts were, perhaps, slightly small for her body and she was obviously no body builder, but Jan Cartwright looked much more attractive naked than she did clothed. "Let Peter and the rest of us have a fuller look at you," Amanda said. Jan took a deep breath, turned her back to the camera, spread her legs, and bent far forward. This exposed her asshole and her cunt. I could see that Jan was breathing a bit harder. She held that position until Amanda said, "very nice. Thank you, Jan. Peter, what did you think?"
"Very lovely," I said. "I never knew."
Amanda giggled. "Maybe," she said, 'the next time you two work together, you can both work naked."
Jan laughed. "I don't think so," she said. "When we work together, there are always other people involved."
"That could be even better," Amanda giggled.
My screen had been filled with images of Nancy and then Jan. I could hear Jeff and Amanda but hadn't seen them in several minutes. I guessed that, somehow, they controlled the images we all saw.
Jeff and Amanda reappeared as the primary image on my screen. Amanda was leaning forward, bent over the edge of their computer table. Jeff was behind her and was obviously fucking her. "The rest of you have been here before. So that Peter knows, showing off doesn't just mean exposing our bodies to each other. We also want to see each other come. Nancy, Jan, Christy, Patsy, Peter, you must get yourselves off. Louise and Ed, you do whatever you want. I'm going to set the screen so we can see each other. If you prefer to focus on one other person, just click on their screen. You can go back to all seven screens or switch to someone else. Peter, we will be watching you. We want to see that hand stroking that lovely dick and I want to see you shoot."
My screen divided into seven smaller screens, one of which was me. I could see a thin blonde already working a dildo in her cunt in the screen labelled Christy. Similarly, a lovely black woman was moving her toy in and out of herself in the screen marked "Patsy." Jan was standing, bent over, with her right hand between her legs. In the screen marked "Louise & Ed" was an older, chubby couple. The woman was stroking the man's dick and the man was finger-fucking the woman. I glanced at Nancy's screen just in time to see her lick the tip of a large green dildo with spiral ridges and then start teasing herself with it.
Viewed objectively, the situation was absurd. However, it was also very erotic. I would have felt like I was letting everyone else in the group down had I not started stroking myself. I focused most on Nancy because she was, in my opinion, the most beautiful woman in the group. Out of curiosity, I also looked at Jan periodically.
I tried to pace myself to come when Nancy did. Unfortunately, I couldn't hold back quite long enough. I shot all over my computer table. Fortunately, my keyboard sat on a trey that you could push under the tabletop and I had the sense to do that, so I missed my keyboard. I heard Amanda say, "good . . . job . . . Peter" between very deep breaths.
Another female voice, I'm not sure whose, said, "just like a porno flick!"
Most gratifying, I heard Nancy say, "Peter, . . . uh . . . oh . . . that . . . oh my . . . was . . . Oh God . . . GREAT!" Watching her on my screen, I was fairly sure she came as she said "great."
Moments later, I had the pleasure of watching Jan and then Jeff and Amanda come, accompanied by the sounds of Christy's and Patsy's orgasms. I didn't hear or see Ed and Louise, but, glancing at their screen, saw Louise licking come off Ed's dick, so I knew at least he had come. I had never had other people watch me masturbate, nor had I watched other people. The only times I'd seen someone else orgasm were women when we were making love. This was a very strange experience, but it was also a lot of fun.
I gathered the others' orgasms were as good as mine from the fact that no one said anything for three or four minutes. I spent that time staring at Nancy's screen. She was still breathing harder than normal, and she had left her feet up on her computer table. Her camera was aimed directly at her wet cunt. I really wished I was in the room with her, licking her.
Jeff broke the silence. "That was well done Peter," he said. "Unless someone objects, Peter is now a permanent member of the group." No one said anything.
"Ok," Amanda said, "for Peter's benefit, let's do quick introductions. Remember, no last names." I learned that Amanda was an assistant bank branch manager and taught yoga on the side. Jeff was a personal trainer. Patsy managed a brand for a local consumer products company. Louise worked in the main office of the same bank that employed Amanda. Ed was something in administration at the local university. Christy was "in law enforcement." When that was done, I told everyone a little bit about myself.
While that was going on, a red dot appeared on my screen next to a button marked "Chat." I clicked the Chat button and saw a message from Nancy to me. It said, "please call me at 9:30" and gave a phone number. It was already 9:15.
It is probably about time to introduce myself and give some context to the virtual meeting I just described. My name is Peter Benz. I'm no relation to any German carmakers, so far as I know. I was 40 at the time of that virtual meeting. I was a lawyer practicing on my own. I'd come out of law school, come back to my hometown, and gone to work for the largest law firm in town.
The money at the big law firm was good, but after ten years there, I still hadn't made partner. I didn't know many people who could afford to pay five figure legal bills month after month for years, so I wasn't a rainmaker. I thought it was time for "Plan B." "Plan B" turned out to be starting a solo practice, which cost me my girlfriend. She didn't see the point in dating a poor man. I'd put a ton of work into my practice and had just started making money when the pandemic hit.
In early October, a little over seven months into the pandemic, I went for my annual check-up. The nurse practitioner my health insurer insisted I see noticed a small growth, like a protrusion of hard skin, on my right side just above my hip. "It's probably nothing, but I want you to see a dermatologist just to be safe," she said. That worried me. I'd been seeing this nurse practitioner for several years. This was the first time she'd seen something that warranted sending me to an M.D. She referred me to a "Dr. N. Henderson" at something called "Eastside Dermatology."
I thought I was lucky to get an appointment with Dr. Henderson only a couple of months later. I felt even luckier when Dr. Nancy Henderson walked into the examining room. Nancy Henderson wasn't an "in your face" traffic-stopping bombshell. But, looking at her for a few moments, I saw that she was, in a quiet way, an extremely beautiful woman.
Dr. Henderson was relatively tall, maybe only three or four inches shorter than my six feet. Reddish-brown hair came down just to her shoulders. She had a rather wide face with a few freckles; prominent cheekbones; a small, upturned nose; lovely lips; and a strong chin. Her default expression seemed to be one of mild amusement. The white "doctor's coat" she wore did not completely obscure what I thought was likely an alluring figure.
Dr. Henderson took a history from me. When she finished that, I guess just to put me at ease, she said, "you look like you might have been an athlete. Were you?"
"Back-up tight end in college," I said, "but at least it got me a scholarship."
"Did you play any?" Dr. Henderson asked.
"The first-string guy got hurt middle of my senior year, so I started the last six games of the season," I replied. "I scored the only touchdown of my career in my last regular season game at the end of a rout of Illinois."
"Hey!" Dr. Henderson responded, "I swam for Illinois." She paused before saying, "you're a couple of years older than me. I was probably at that game."
"And you don't remember my touchdown?" I asked jokingly.
"No," Dr. Henderson said with a smile, "sorry. Ok, I need to give you an exam. Please strip down to your shorts."
It had been a while since any woman had asked me to take off clothes, and I'd never been asked by anyone as beautiful as Nancy Henderson. I realized I was disappointed that she wanted me to leave my boxers on. I thought, for a second, about taking them off anyway, but was afraid that would end the appointment right there. I was in no hurry to get away from Dr. Henderson. She even smelled nice.
Dr. Henderson went over my skin very thoroughly. It was exciting to have a beautiful woman inspect me in such detail. I kept hoping she'd tell me to take my boxers off, but she didn't. Something about Dr. Henderson gave me a strong desire to be completely exposed to her.
After she finished her exam, Dr. Henderson used a medical term I've forgotten for the growth above my hip. "I'm pretty sure it's nothing, but I'll take it off and send it to the lab to make sure," she explained.
"So, I need to come back?" I asked.
"No," Dr. Henderson replied, "I'll take it off today. We'll send it to the lab and let you know." Dr. Henderson stepped out of the examining room. She came back a few minutes later holding a syringe. "This is a local anesthetic," she said. She injected me and added, "let's give that a few moments to take effect."
We chatted. Dr. Henderson was a good conversationalist (I'm not). What was a bit disconcerting was the way she looked straight into my eyes. I felt like she could read my thoughts and they amused her. After a few minutes, Dr. Henderson probed with the needle at the base of the growth. "Feel that?" she asked. I shook my head. She picked up a scalpel and tweezers, cut the growth off with one deft move, and deposited it into a container. There was only a very slight amount of blood. She placed a bandage over where the growth had been.
A few days before Christmas, I got a call from Eastside Dermatology. A young woman said, "the labs on the tissue Dr. Henderson removed were negative. The Doctor would like to see you for just a few minutes to check the incision. We're very backed up for appointments. Could you possibly come in tomorrow at 5:30 in the evening?" If it meant the opportunity to see Dr. Henderson again, I'd come in at 5:30 in the morning. I agreed.
The door to the suite occupied by Eastside Dermatology was locked when I arrived. A cute brunette responded to my knock. She brought Dr. Henderson out to the waiting area. The Doctor's smile made me think she really was glad to see me. "The path report was completely negative," she said. "I'd just like to check the spot where I took the tissue off. We can do it here."
I had to take off my jacket, open my shirt, undo my belt, and lower the waistband of my trousers to expose the spot where the growth had been. I noticed the brunette who had answered the door and another young woman watching. Dr. Henderson looked at the spot, which showed only a small scar. "Looks good," she pronounced.
I started dressing as Dr. Henderson asked, "you're not married, are you?"
"No," I replied.
"I assume you have a girlfriend," she said. "I'm not being nosy, it's just that it is wise to have someone check your skin, especially the places you can't see, every now and again. Spouses and lovers are perfect for that job."
"I'm not seeing anyone," I said. "So that's what your husband does? Check your skin?"
Dr. Henderson smiled again. "I'm divorced."
"Oh," I said. Strike one. I summoned my courage and went for the strike out. "I really appreciate you seeing me," I said. "Could I buy you a drink or even dinner as a thank you?"
Dr. Henderson smiled and paused for a moment, like she was really thinking about it. "I'm sorry," she finally said. "I can't afford to take the risk of going out during the pandemic."
"I'm a decent cook," I said, "but I guess we don't know each other well enough for an invitation to my place for dinner."
Dr. Henderson smiled again. "Take care, Peter," she said. "Have Happy Holidays." I was dismissed.
I wasn't seeing anyone, my parents had passed, and my friends were staying in because of the virus. Consequently, I didn't do much for the Holidays that year. Being by myself, and not having many distractions, I found myself thinking a lot about Dr. Nancy Henderson. She had politely, but effectively, shut down my attempt at starting a social relationship. I couldn't think of another way to try that wouldn't meet the same fate. A couple of days after New Year, I got an e-mail from Dr. Henderson with the link to the virtual meeting.
As requested, I called Nancy Henderson punctually at 9:30 after the virtual meeting ended. She answered her phone by saying, "Well, Peter, what did you think of our little group?"
"It was fun," I said. "There was a certain physician who appeared on my screen who is stunningly beautiful with no clothes on."
Nancy laughed. "Thank you," she replied. "I saw a lawyer who looks pretty great in the nude too."
"I have to ask," I said, not because I thought it was wise but because I needed to know, "why did you invite me to the meeting?"
"Ah, I agonized about that," Nancy replied. "During your first appointment, when I examined you, I had the strong sense that you wanted to take your shorts off and let me see you naked. That appealed to me. I like seeing naked people and like people seeing me naked. You're intelligent and physically attractive. I was tempted to ask you to take your shorts off, but that could have landed me in shit with the state medical board. When you came back for me to check your wound, you made it clear you were interested. I was tempted again, but I've learned not to trust my judgment about men."
Nancy took a deep breath before she continued. "Going through the Holidays by myself was a strong reminder that I'm not getting any younger and that life is a lot more fun when you share the things you enjoy with someone else. My problem is that most of the things I enjoy outside my practice involve getting naked, preferably with others around to see me. My ex didn't enjoy that, which is why we divorced. I kept thinking about you and admitted to myself that I find you very attractive. The invitation to the meeting tonight was sort of an audition. If you'd ignored it or logged on and then left in disgust, that would have told me you're not the guy."
"If tonight was an audition," I asked, "how'd I do?"
Nancy laughed. "Outstanding," she said. "Better than I hoped. You stripped with no hesitancy. I loved it! I didn't think you'd know anyone else on the meeting. When I saw that you and Jan Cartwright know each other, I was crushed. I was sure you'd leave the meeting. Instead, even in front of a woman you work with, you jacked off. I couldn't have asked for more."
"So," I asked, "does that mean you'll come over for dinner?"
"I'll help you fix it," Nancy said. "Aprons and nothing else? I'd like a longer look at that muscular ass of yours."
"I think I'd get the better part of looking at bare asses," I said. "You wearing only an apron sounds very sexy."
"I hope so," Nancy laughed. "How about next Friday? We can eat and get on the meeting together. We can show our friends some things that it takes two to do."
"Deal," I said.