I have written this story from a first person point of view. Reading 'Only One Piece of Clothing Ch. 01' would be helpful in understanding the following story.
Disclaimer: All the characters in this story are above the age of 18.
As you lie naked across my lap in your bed with your face down and I caress your smooth round ass cheeks with occasional pinching and poking to see it wobble like a jelly, let me tell you why you remind me so much of myself. It's good that your roommate Rima's arrival is postponed by one more day and she would arrive here tomorrow morning. I gave you the option of wearing a T-shirt and I chose the one which could barely reach below your hips. You twirled around with the white round neck T-shirt with your ass and frizzy haired pussy on display when I opened the door now. I once again pleasured you to orgasm, sucking your tits, licking your ever wet pussy, and this time even kissing and burying my face on your ass. Those ass cheeks better be my pillow someday. Good thing my mother is fast asleep now. I let her do all the household chores, as the house maids are still not allowed inside the society buildings. She gets tired and sleep soundly, and nothing could wake her up until the morning.
You remind me of my college days, when I had become an exhibitionist. And it was all unintentional in the beginning. I was 19 years old, a little shy and reserved. Everyone in my college hostel wanted to include me in their group, as I was prettier than all of them. But my introverted nature made them think that I was arrogant and egoistic. I couldn't initiate a conversation easily with anyone, even with my two hostel roommates Nina and Vaibhavi. They mistook my quiet introverted nature for arrogance and decided to teach me a lesson.
The bathroom doors were not big in the hostels, and it didn't touch the ceiling. Most of the girls kept their towel and clothes over the bathroom door. My roommates Nina and Vaibhavi, decided to snatch my clothes from the door while I was taking a shower one weekday morning. The door was short so that I stood on my toes and could watch them run away with my towel and clothes. I shouted at them, but they had long gone. I kept shouting and asking for help. But no one was around.
I was feeling cold and only my hair was still wet after staying locked inside the bathroom for an hour. I stepped out of the bathroom knowing very well that most of the girls were already in their classes. I was gonna miss a couple of classes, but I was more afraid of being found naked. I slowly stepped out of the bathroom, making sure that no one was around in the bathroom area. I strategically covered my tits and my crotch with my hands and I ran past five rooms after getting out of the bathroom area. The thrill that I felt when I ran in the hallway like that, with my long wet hair dangling side to side, my single arm could hardly contain my bouncing tits. I had my other hand covering my crotch and knowing that anyone could see my jiggling ass cheeks only made my pussy slippery and wet.
As expected, my room door was closed. I didn't know what wicked plan my roommates had for me. I was standing bare ass naked in front of my locked room, in the hallway of my hostel wing late morning. Not all the girls had classes at the that time and not everyone attended the classes all the time. I knocked the door next to mine, but no answer. I tried the next door and someone did open the door.
A small petite girl, whose face just reached my tits opened the door. The look on the girl's face when she opened and saw my naked state was priceless and unforgettable. That was actually the first time, as a grown ass adult I was bare ass naked in front of someone. And I don't even know the girl's name as we didn't talk before or after that. That was my first moment of exhibitionism. I had never known that I could enjoy showing my naked body to a person until that moment. But I was shivering badly and my legs were crossed trying to hide the nakedness. The girl let me in her room and only then was I calm, after experiencing the raciest heartbeats in my life.
"Why are you naked?" screamed the petite girl still starting at my perfect figure.
"My roommates played a prank on me. They took away my clothes while I was taking a shower," I said breathing heavily. I was red with embarrassment and also on the verge of getting an orgasm.
The girl grabbed the towel on her chair and threw it to me. It was awkward for both of us. The girl said she was not gonna attend any classes for the day, so it was not a problem for her if I stayed in her room till my roommates came back.
After an hour or so I checked my room and saw it was open. I was wrapped in the big towel which reached to my knees. It made me feel clothed enough. My two roommates, Nina and Vaibhavi, stopped talking with each other as soon as I entered the room.
"So Madam Pretty has found a cover at last," said Nina looking at the towel I was wearing.
"We were about to give you your clothes in the bathroom now," said Vaibhavi.
"Why did you do this?" I shouted at them, half enraged, though I would have gone wild angry if I hadn't enjoyed my few moments of total nudity in the outdoors.
"You're always so silent and uptight," said Nina getting up and throwing my clothes and towel from her bed onto my bed, "You act as if you're in a league of your own. What are you so proud of? And how different are you than us? We wanted to make you helpless once, to be submissive and at the mercy of someone and I hope you have learned your lesson."
I didn't know what to answer to that. I quietly put on my clothes and went out of the room to return the towel to the girl.
I came back to the room and asked, "What is it that I have to do to make you guys believe I am not arrogant or anything like that?"
"A little reduction in dignity, what say?" said Vaibhavi to Nina.
"Yes, yes. Be less arrogant, be submissive to us, but how?" said Nina more to herself than to anyone in the room.
"Make her stay nude," said Vaibhavi snapping her fingers.
I should be honest here, I didn't react to protest against the idea. I just stayed silent, but the thought of staying nude was making me excited and happy, which I didn't express on my face.
"But she will stay submissive only inside this room," said Nina, "She has to be cautious outside too. It's impractical for her stay nude anywhere outside this room, or at least outside this hostel. But then, why not make her wear only a single piece of clothing?"
"What?" I said, not out of shock but curiosity.
"She can't go around half naked; topless or bottomless?" said Vaibhavi.
"No, she can have her whole body covered with a single piece clothing," said Nina, "Like a dress, without wearing, bra or panties inside. Or a long shirt, which usually covers the shorts."
She then looked at me and asked, "Do you agree to this? Wear only a towel while you are in the hostel. And outside the hostel premises, wear only one piece clothing for a whole week, or two."
Nina said it more in a manner of suggesting a fun task, than an order. I smiled and nodded in agreement. I think that was enough for them to accept me, but one or two weeks were not enough for me.
Next day, I went to the classes in a sleeveless frock dress. It was nothing revealing at all, the neckline was well above my breasts, the dress was well below my knees. But I wasn't wearing anything inside and only I and the girls knew it. The dress wasn't too tight and my nipples weren't visible at all. This disappointed me very much. My roommates weren't very strict at all and had gone soft on me too soon.
In the evening, as usual Vaibhavi and Nina forgot to call me for dinner in the hostel food mess. I decided to wear only a long formal shirt, that I had bought for attending interviews. I usually tucked in the hem of the shirt inside my pants so I never cared about the length, but now, I realised it was of perfect length to cover my bottom. When I went to the food mess to have my dinner, all the eyes were directed to me. The shirt had a small cuts at its hem in the sides, so anyone could see my bare side of thighs till the hips where the shirt covered it. The workers in the food counter usually never looked at you when they served, so they might have missed the sight of my soft legs. Once I walked towards the table where Nina, Vaibhavi and two more girls were eating, they stopped still. Nina had food in her mouth, and she didn't even swallow or chew it. I had unbuttoned the top three buttons of my shirt and everyone saw my cleavage and the wobble that the bra-less breasts were making against the shirt. I sat in an empty seat in the table.
The back of my thighs felt the plastic material of the chair, and doing this in a fairly crowded food mess gave me a sense of thrill. I kept my butt on top of the hem of the shirt, so that the shirt hugged tightly across my chest, making my cleavage more obvious, my erect nipples were poking against the thin cotton fabric of the shirt, it's outline visible to anyone in front of me.
Usually the college girls used to take the shirt or T-shirts of the boys they hooked up with in exchange for their bras or panties. And the shirts usually were long enough to cover their short shorts, that it looked as if they were wearing only a shirt. Most of the girls in the mess would have assumed the same.
"Whom did you hook up with?" asked one girl sitting on the other side of the table.
"No one, it's my shirt," I said, tearing one piece of roti and eating it with the tasteless vegetable. I was not interested in the food to be honest, I wanted to display myself.
"It's a lie, I have never seen that shirt before in the last three months since we became roommates," said Vaibhavi.
Nina had resumed eating, but the shock in her face was still visible. She kept on staring at my cleavage and most probably the contour of the nipples on my shirt.
"I don't know, if I should tell the real reason for coming to the mess like this," I said staring back at Nina who seemed to have caught my stare.
"She has hooked up, yeah, that's for sure," blurted out Nina after what seemed to be a long silence, "She has exchanged her bra for that."
"Oooh, who is that lucky guy?" asked a second girl in the table.
"I don't know his name actually," I said, "Let me check his bra strap in tomorrow's class and I can point him out to you guys."
The other two girls laughed at this but Vaibhavi and Nina clearly didn't find this funny. When everyone was done with the dinner and went to hand wash area, I bent down more than usual to wash my hands in the sink. The hem of the shirt was in the danger of almost pulling up in the back to reveal the bottom crack of my ass. Nina quickly stood in front of my ass, her ass almost touching my ass.
"What the hell do you think you are doing?" asked Nina in a whisper and rushed voice.
"I thought you challenged me to do this?" I said straightening myself up, so I could hear her better.
We both turned around and stood face to face. She again looked my whole body from head to toe, as if the staring was not enough during the dinner.
"You aren't even wearing your panties," she exclaimed.
"I don't think I need to remind you what the challenge was," I said.
"Yeah, yeah, I know," she said irritatingly, "Let's head back to our room."
On our way to the hostel, I was walking in the middle of both my roommates and they surveyed the path again and again to make sure that I wasn't looking suspicious. I did look suspicious with my nude thighs. With a cut like the one at the hem of my shirt, anyone could have seen my lack of shorts. But no one could have guessed my lack of panties.
For the next couple of years, I just wore a towel in my room and within the hostel premises. I had bought towels which could barely cover the round ass cheeks and showed ample amount of cleavage when I wrapped it around myself. I soon became famous in my hostel as 'The Towel Slut'. I had also bought a bunch of frock dresses. I decided not to risk myself in the class, but at the same time, with the modest frock dresses, the spirit of single-clothing-wear stayed. My roommates got used to seeing my bare ass and pussy, as they went on full display whenever I sat on my bed, or when the towel accidentally dropped in front of them, or I bent down to pick up something from the floor.
My full exhibitionist dream was accomplished when the college hiked the hostel fees. I was in the final year of my B.A. and the fees was applicable to anyone using the college campus. There were anger and outrage among students in the hostels.
"They are doubling the fees, it's ridiculous," said Nina.
"I don't wanna pay double the money to see her naked," said Vaibhavi while was sitting in my chair, legs spread so that the girls had the full view of my vagina, while my short towel only covered my boobs and the torso.
"Hey, I too don't wanna lose you guys, or even the hostel," I said getting up from my chair and the towel fell down now, exposing my whole nude frontal to them.
"Oh, you shaved it!" exclaimed Vaibhavi looking at my bald pussy.
"Don't act surprised," I said picking up my towel and wrapping it around my body, still displaying my bald pussy, "I can't be this comfortable with anyone if I am forced to leave this room and hostel because of the fee hike. I am sure my parents won't allow me to study further, just because of the hike."
"Protests are going on outside the administrative building of the college," said Nina, "It has been three days, still no reply from anyone from the college committee or the dean."
"Hmm, what if I go there to protest?" I said after mulling over sometime.
"Ok, who cares, but," said Nina after thinking something and getting up, "Don't tell me you want to protest in a towel?"
"Better than that, I wanna protest naked," I said with excitement and bounced a little, which made my towel fall down again.
Both the girls were aghast with their mouths opened.
"That's not exactly a bad idea," said Vaibhavi nodding violently, "It could get the required attention, and what better way to bring attention than a nude girl protesting with a placard?"
My roommates and I spent the whole day arranging materials and making a placard with a sign. Nina called and asked the organiser of the protests if I could do a nude protest in front of the administrative building. He was shocked apparently, but agreed to it and we sent him the photo the placard. He told us not to mention about the nude protest to anyone else, but he would make sure that other protestors would be made aware of a special kind of protest that I would be doing and on his signal, the area of the protest would be cleared for me.
"Are you sure about this?" asked Nina, "You can still back out. It's not worth it. Students are gonna take your photos, some of them can even post on social media."
"I don't care," I said with a hypnotic look in my eyes. I was very much elated and ignited to do this. I didn't wanna miss this chance anyhow, no matter what.
The next day was a Saturday, and after my roommates got ready and prepared my naked body for the protest. I looked at the placard and the wooden rod holding the placard. Somehow the girls had got hold of a long black robe, because that was not the kind of clothing any hostel girls would wear. The night robe looked silky and smooth and slippery too. I tightened the robe around my waist, the robe looked decent in the mirror. It still looked out of place in a college campus and especially in a protest. But I decided not to chicken out at the last moment. The girls informed the protest organiser about our expected time of arrival.
It was a 5 minutes walk from our hostel to the administrative building and I was walking in the middle of the two girls. Of course, most of the girls stared at the black night robe on the way. As we were out of the girls hostel area, the boys too began to notice and stare at me. I was holding the placard loosely and some of the students did realise that I was gonna protest. Black is a colour of protest and some of them had assumed the black robe as a sign for the protest. We reached the back of the protest crowd where students were holding different signs with slogans and were shouting vehemently,
"Please revise the fee hike."
The organiser signalled the crowd that we had arrived and slowly one by one, they began to make way for us. I held the placard tightly, walked through the way that the crowd made for me. My two roommates accompanied me and we stopped right in front of the building. There were some security guards standing near the main entrance, around five steps away and a line of police barricades were stopping the protesters from going inside. Of course, the barricades could have been stormed, but the organiser didn't want any reckless act, except what I was about to do.
Most of the shoutings had died down, and only half of the intensity of the sound stayed. All the students had their eyes fixed on me and I was the only one in the limelight. I was starting to shiver from head to toe, but I composed myself.
"Are you ready?" whispered Nina on my ears. I nodded with a big sigh.
Vaibhavi held the placard for me, I stretched out my hands and Nina untied my robe and then slid it down my shoulder.
I was standing naked, facing the entrance door of the building now and the security guards gasped and opened their mouths. My tits and my bald pussy were totally on display to them. The crowd was almost in a semi circle, so my ass was visible to the crowd. The shoutings died down. Vaibhavi gave me back the placard. I placed it front of me strategically making the length of the board on the placard hiding my breasts and the wooden rod, exactly in front of my pussy. I held it pressing against my breasts and pussy as I began to understand the reality of how public I had become. The board on the placard read : 'TAKE BACK THE FEE HIKE.'
The organiser started shouting, "Take back the fee hike!"
Suddenly the noise of the crowd started repeating the same words. It made me confident. I flew one fist in the air and shouted,
"Take back the fee hike!"
Everyone shouted and cheered to that.
"Take back the fee hike," I shouted louder, still hitting my fist in the air. The crowd repeated the chant after me.
I then turned around to face the crowd and my whole bare back was facing the security guards and the entrance. I pushed my long hair in the front so the slogan written on my back was visible.
'TAKE BACK' was written just below the back of my neck in black paint.
'THE FEE' was written across in the middle.
Now the word 'HIKE' was written on my ass cheeks. 'HI' on my left ass cheek and 'KE' on my right one. The security guards might have taken a good look at my ass trying to read and make sense of the word.
The fee hike actually didn't matter me, I was not so enthusiastic about this protest. It was only an excuse to go nude in public. I was still punching my fist in the air, causing my breasts to jiggle and also my ass. I was very aroused now and didn't know if my hard nipples were actually covered by the board of the placard. I was almost in a trance, my lust knew no bounds, I wanted to rub the wooden rod of the placard against my clit. Everything looked hazy, even though I was still shouting the slogan.
I felt my roommates pulling me, one handed me the robe and the other took away the placard. The security guards were actually waiting for some women security guards to handle me and they had arrived. But fortunately Vaibhavi and Nina pulled me and directed me back to my hostel. I looked back and saw two female guards just standing and letting us go. Half of the crowd was following the three of us. I was still holding the black robe in one hand as I didn't have the sense or the time to wear it. We were not being chased away, but we had to leave, the organiser had told the girls and they told me. The whole nude walk back to the hostel felt surreal. I was like Cersei Lannister from Game of Thrones, doing the walk of shame, but I was not actually being humiliated. In fact, everyone just stayed silent. And I was more light headed than I had ever been. Once we reached the hostel, the two girls literally dragged me to our room and closed it from the outside. I too locked it from the inside, sat on my bed, spread my legs and began to masturbate violently.
I began to replay the scene of my public nudity in my mind. The wind feeling cold against my nipples, ass and pussy. How my ass and tits jiggled when I punched my fists in the air shouting the protest slogan. The whole walk, just in my shoes and the black robe in my hand. How beautiful I might have looked with my perfect naked body walking in the public. I squirted like never before in the room, wetting the floor and moaning out so loud.
I was panting heavily from the exhaustion. I got up to my senses and wiped the floor with whatever piece of cloth I could find. I wore my black robe and opened the door and the crowd outside the door cheered for me.
Everyone in the campus now knew me, and I enjoyed the celebrity status for a week. The teachers seemed to see me in suspicion. They had heard about a nude girl protesting against the fee hike, but they didn't know who it was. It was actually awkward going to the classes in the first day after the protest, knowing that at least the students probably knew that I was the nude protestor. And yes, I was still wearing only the frock dress in the classes.
"Hey Kavya, hope you don't strip in front of the class right? I won't be able to listen to the professor," some boys would pass a comment like that or other, which didn't actually affect me.
But one week after the incident, I was suspended from the college campus. Someone had posted a video of my nude protest online, which was surprising for me, because I thought it would have happened sooner. I didn't mind getting suspended for a month. The problem was that my parents came to know about it.
My father didn't talk to me at all and my mother slapped me across my face for like ten times continuously. I didn't cry and I wasn't ashamed. Good thing for my parents was no one in the neighbourhood came to know about it and the TV news channels didn't get a hold of it. And the hostel fees? It was reduced to a reasonable hike.
So now you know why my parents are reluctant to leave me alone. I literally ran away from home when I got a job and have been living in this building since then. I found my friend-with-benefits in the office and I lost my virginity to him. But after seeing you, I guess I am more in love with you than anyone else.
Take off my shirt Deepa, as you sit beside me now. I lie down in your bed as you pull out my shorts. You're delighted to see my slim figure and the curvy breasts. I turn around so that you can unclasp my bra and pull it off my tits and yank down my panties. You enjoy the view of my bouncing ass. Yes, I am slim yet meaty at the right places. I face up again and you attack my pussy with your tongue while I rub my areolas. Oh, the pleasure that I am getting now. You have reached up near my tits, now sucking them turn by turn while you rub my pussy. You climb on me and I grab your ass and we scissor each other madly till we are lost in the world of pleasures.
I get up and wear my clothes and bid you goodbye with a last kiss. You are still worried about your roommate Rima, but you don't need to. She will understand why you decided to stay naked. I will hang your bra tomorrow on the door knob outside. I think Rima will arrive before that, you will be facing her stark naked, with not a single piece of clothing because I am taking your sweet short T-shirt with me.