This event happened two weeks after my surprise, part 2.
After I had let the rugby team fuck me again, this time at my request. The first time they caught me unaware in a parking area.
My name is Anna and I love sex. I'm engaged to be married to Derek, D, as I call him. He loves me and especially the fact I act like a slut.
For anyone who hasn't read my other stories, I am 20, slim, quite tall, 34 inch bust with a hairy cunt.
He is away at UNI, so only home every two or three weeks. During his last visit he had watched me taking them all on, including him.
They turned out to be a great set of guys, age varying from 20 to 40 I guess.
Anyway the rugby section were holding a fancy dress party and we had been invited. D said he could get home for it so we agreed. And one of the team, Gary had said his wife would be available for D to fuck in return for them.using me.
I drove home from the club, we stopped to pick up a takeaway meal. My mum and dad were watching television as we walked in. Mum got up and gave D a big hug and kiss. Dad was just looking at me.
"Let me take your coat," he said smiling.
"Don't be naughty dad," I replied as I slipped it off. Mum laughed as I stood there in my stockings and nothing else.
I went upstairs and put on a long T-shirt. D had put our takeaway food out on the table and mum and dad were back watching TV.
"So you gave D a nice treat dressed like that dear," mum said.
"And a few others," I giggled.
D then told my parents about the sports club and the rugby team. As he described the guys fucking me I saw my dad getting a hard on. Mum did too.
She leaned over and undid his trousers, taking his cock into her mouth. She proceeded to suck my dad off as D carried on talking.
We finished our meal and I went to wash up. D was watching my mum sucking dads cock. As I returned he was getting my mum to bend over, keeping dads cock in her mouth, D lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and soon had his cock deep in my mums cunt.
I watched as my mum was moaning. She stopped sucking my dads cock and bent right over the sofa.
"Fuck me D, so nice your home for the weekend, get that young cock right up my cunt."
Dad looked at me, rubbing his cock. I soon took mums place and finished sucking him off. He soon filled my mouth with his cum. Mum orgasmed as D filled her cunt with his spunk.
We slept well that night, I woke up first and took advantage of D's morning wood, sucking it first and then riding him as he woke up.
"Greedy cunt."
"And good morning to you," I said as we both orgasmed. I licked his cock clean, showered and dressed. Downstairs mum had made breakfast and we all sat down to eat.
"What are you going to wear to the fancy dress party dear?" Mum asked.
I thought and said, "Indian Squaw. Little top, little skirt, ribbon around my head with a feather in it."
"Dad, have you got an old waistcoat I could use, you know, cut it short, dye it."
He went upstairs and came back with an old brushed leather waistcoat.
I put it on over my blouse, it was perfect. All it needed was to be cut shorter.
I got some scissors and roughly trimmed it. Slipping off my blouse I put it back on. Still too long. Mum held it, and trimmed it some more, leaving only one button to fasten it. I still felt it was too long, so got mum to cut it again. It only just covered my tits. I reached my arms up.
"Half your tits are showing, any shorter and your nipples will be on view." D said.
"Bit shorter then mum, please."
Finally when I raised my arms I could feel my nipples were on show.
"Perfect." I said.
I had an idea for the skirt, but kept it to myself.
The rest of the weekend went as normal. D fucked me continuously whenever we wanted. Mum used his cock as often as she could.
The next two weeks flew by, I got fucked by my boss. One night I met an old friend of D's, he took me to a dogging site we fucked outside his car with a few guys watching. I then took a few cocks in my mouth as he watched them cum in my mouth and over my face.
On the Thursday before the fancy dress party I finished my outfit.
I had made my skirt for the party, well, when I say skirt, it was two patches of cloth, roughly 9 inches wide and 12 inches long. I had hemmed the tops so I could I could thread some string through to make a belt.
Once on, both sides of my legs and hips showed. The front piece just covered my bush. The piece at the back was trying to cover my ass cheeks,but failed!
With the waistcoat, a band around my head, feather in it, and some face paint I looked like a real indian squaw.
I had also made a costume for D. A roman soldier. It was a bit longer than mine, but not by much.
On Friday I thought about wearing it to pick D up, but no. I wore a nice summer dress and some sandals.
We stopped on the way home for a fuck, well he came twice. Went to pub for a drink and something to eat. I behaved myself.
We got home, mum and dad had gone out so we crashed out, watching TV, fucking or sucking each other off.
Saturday morning I woke up after D, put my nightie on and wandered downstairs. Halfway down I heard the moans.
"Oh fuck, that's it, yes. Fuck me boys."
I walked in, mum was on the kitchen floor on top of James, my brother, D was behind her, his cock up her ass. She had both cocks in her.
What a mum I thought as I watched them giving it to my mum.
I listened to their orgasms as I made some coffee. Mum got up and sucked their cocks clean.
"Fuck I just love young cock in the morning," my mum said, licking her lips.
My dad had gone to work so mum made some breakfast for us. Afterwards D and I dressed and went out. As we left my brother was fucking my mum over the table.
We went into town, had a coffee, wandered around the shops. I bought some new underwear, nothing too sexy for a change. We called in our local pub for a drink and met some friends.
There was a football match on the TV so the guys were mostly watching that. I was talking to the girls, just talking about our sex lives, as girls do.
I told them how I let my boss fuck me, some thought I should report him, others were just jealous!
Anyway, that evening I got our costumes out. D put on his Roman outfit, it needed a belt and a toy sword. It reached halfway down his thigh so not too revealing.
I put headband on, stuck a feather in it. Put some face paint on, then my cut off waistcoat.
I lifted my arms, showing D how my tits were soon on show. I then put on the two pieces of material, one front and one back. My legs were uncovered all the up to my hips. Any full movement and my ass cheeks and hairy cunt were visible.
"Like it?" I asked.
He pushed me face down on my bed, lifted his skirt and rammed his cock straight up my cunt.
"Your just fucking asking for it dressed like that, everyone will want to fuck you. I love it."
With that we both orgasmed.
"That's what I'm hoping," I muttered as I sucked his cock clean of our juices. It tasted so good.
We walked downstairs, my parents looked at me with their mouths open.
"You might as well paint a sign on you saying I'm available, fuck me," my mum said.
"You both look great, enjoy yourselves."
I had put on a g-string, a black net one. My hairs were sticking through and either side of it. As I got in the car the front bit of my skirt fell down between my thighs. My legs felt totally naked.
D's toga had ridden and I could see his cock clearly.
I reached over as he drove and gently stroked it. I licked my hand and fingers to moisten them, I didn't want to make his cock sore.
Luckily it was not too far to the sports club, so he didn't cum, but his cock was rock hard as he got out. I grinned as we walked in to the club. He slapped my ass.
Inside it was already busy. People in all sorts of costumes, vicars, tarts, school girls, nuns. You name it someone was wearing it.
Gary, the rugby player, who I guessed was the captain, soon approached us at the bar as D was getting our drinks.
"Love your outfit, what there is of it Anna," he said as he felt my bum.
"Come and sit with us," he said pointing to a group of them.
As we walked over, D's cock was still hard and he got a few knowing looks from the girls there. Gary introduced us to them, I knew most of the guys as they had fucked me.
When he introduced his wife, I nearly fell over. I knew her.
She was at school with me, a plain butter wouldn't melt in her mouth type. Her name was Sandra, but tonight she looked like a prostitute. Short leather skirt, stockings and a bustier that just contained her tits.
"Hello Anna, I've heard so much about you. And you must be Derek, who I understand from Gary is going to fuck me."
"Hello Sandra, my I must say you have changed, you look great."
She then told me how she was still a plain girl until she met Gary. He got me into sports, playing some and watching rugby. It was through this that he got her to dress more sexy, show off a bit of flesh. I soon found I liked it. Next I was getting fucked by some of his friends and loved it.
"A bit like you do, I understand, he told me about how the guys met you."
I grinned, as I looked over D had sat down. I could see something moving under his toga. The girl to his left was playing with his cock. Sandra saw me looking.
"Don't worry we are all the same here, I don't think anyone has not fucked everyone.
She was always a bit stuck up at school, and now was talking about sex, how much she liked it, and how she was looking forward to fucking my fiance.
There was live music group, and they started playing Gary quickly asked me to dance.
It was fast rock and roll, number. Every time he spun me around or lifted my arm up I could feel my tits hanging loose below my waistcoat.
My skirt, or rather the two small squares of material I was wearing revealed my bare ass cheeks.
"Love your costume, it us certainly not hiding much of you," he said.
The music changed to a slow one, he held me close. I draped my arms around his neck which meant my tits were loose again. He had one hand up between us squeezing one, pinching my nipple.
I could feel his hard cock pushing against me, he then put both hands on my ass, lifting the material. Everyone could see my bare bum,
I looked up at him, I smiled as he was squeezing my ass cheeks, he was pulling them apart, I knew anyone looking could see my pink rosebud.
"You fucking love it, don't you Anna?
"Yes," I moaned as I felt one of his fingers pushing at my anus. He pulled my g-string down. It was hanging around my knees as the music stopped. I went to pull it up.
"No, take it off you naughty cunt, let them see your bush."
The dance floor was quite busy, I bent down and pulled my g-string off, Gary took it, smelt it, and put it in his pocket. My cunt felt free at last, it was also getting a bit juicy.
Then we were back dancing, a jive. I might as well have been naked as he spun me around and lifted me up.
Finally we walked back to the group. Gary was wearing a sailors outfit, only with no zip or buttons on his fly. It had a patch of material held up by velcro. A lot were still on the dance floor, I couldn't see D or Sandra.
"Sit on my lap Anna." Gary said. I grinned as I sat down, I heard the velcro pulled.
As I sat back on him, he held his cock and guided it straight between my pussy lips
I moved bum from side to side as he pushed it up wet cunt.
"Oh fuck yes," I moaned as I sat right down on his shaft. He didn't try to fuck me, just let me rock on it. It felt so good sat there with his cock inside me, drinking and looking around at everyone. One of the guys came back and sat beside me.
"Being fucked?"
"Yes" I replied
He then put his hand up under my waistcoat and played with my tits. I wanted him to.
"Pinch my nipples, please."
As he moved his hand back, the one button holding my waistcoat came undone.
I didn't care as I was now openly riding Garys cock. My tits were out, Gary had both hands on my tits now, the other guy started rubbing my clit.
"Don't fucking stop guys, I'm fucking cummmming." My orgasm exploded. I was bouncing like mad on Garys cock.
"You dirty fucking bitch, take this." Gary said as he filled my cunt with his cum.
His mate said, " I've got to fuck you, come with me,"
He pulled me off Gary and took me around the back of the club, outside by the empty beer barrels. As we approached I could see other couples, the girls bent over the barrels or on their knees, being fucked or sucking cock.
I saw D up behind Sandra, I smiled at him as I bent over and another cock was soon up my cunt. He had his hands on my hips pulling me back onto his cock as he thrust forwards.
Everyone just fucked away. I felt him cum inside me before I had orgasmed. Bollocks I thought. He just pulled out and left me. I stood up with my hand between my legs as I heard D shout he was cumming.
I went and watched as he and Sandra orgasmed together. Sandra looked up and saw me.
"God he's good, he just keep going and going. I thought he was never going to cum. I came twice. How was quick fire Bob?"
"He just came and left me wanting more."
"Yes, he's like that. Sit up against the barrel Anna." Sandra said as she licked her lips.
My stuck up plain girl from school bent over and started to eat my cunt. And she was good. She used her fingers and tongue and I soon felt my orgasm coming.
"Oh god yes, thats it, just like that Sandra, oh fuck I'm cumming."
My juices covered her face, she swallowed my cum. I couldn't believe she was doing this. I looked at D, he was stroking his cock.
Sandra stood up and watched as D plunged his cock up my cunt.
She leaned over and was kissing me, our mouths opened. I could taste the mix of cum and my juices as her tongue entered my mouth. D was building up a pace.
"Fuck me, fuck me you bastard. Make me cum again." He came quickly this time, and we orgasmed together.
The three of us went back inside, Sandra went to the ladies as D dragged me onto the dance floor. I went to do up my waistcoat.
"No, leave it open, you like flashing your tits, leave it."
I looked and saw a few other girls had been disrobed, showing their tits. I smiled as we danced. I felt his hands on my skirt waist. He was slowly pulling it around my waist.
The two bits of material were now at my sides, leaving my cunt and ass fully exposed.
"You bastard, do you want to me naked."
A jive started, he was a good dancer and the way he threw me around I might as well been naked. I was loving it, knowing all my bits were on display. I noticed a lot of others watching us. Guys were encouraging their girls to reveal more. Some soon had their skirts tucked into their waistband. More cunt was on display.
A slow dance started, some guy asked if we wanted to swap partners and he was soon groping me. He got one hand between my thighs, stroking my slit. I could feel his cock harden as I opened my legs a bit. His fingers were exploring my, by now, juicy opening.
He took his fingers out of me, I heard his zip. I could feel his cock on my stomach.
"Do you want to, right now?"
My hands were around his neck. "Yes, put it in me, fuck me."
He smiled as both hands went under my ass. He lifted me up and I put my legs around him. He lowered me onto his cock. One hand held his cock as he positioned it by my cunt lips. He thrust up and I felt his cock invade my cunt.
He put both hands under my thighs and was lifting me up and down on his cock. I moaned, I saw D watching me get fucked standing on the dance floor.
"Like it you dirty cunt?"
I kissed him, my tongue in his mouth.
"Mmmuuummm, fuck me, I love cock."
He manoeuvred me over to the side, nearly against the wall. I then felt another guy come up behind me.
"Is she up for it." I heard him say.
"Oh she is, look at her. She was dancing virtually naked, fucking asking for it. She wants it alright, don't you slut?"
I felt the guy behind rub his cock between my thighs, he pushed it against my anus. I was going to get double penetrated standing up on the dance floor.
I felt him push the head in my sphincter, I relaxed, helping him to push his cock up my ass. Oh fuck it felt so degrading being used by these two. The guy up my cunt was leaning against the wall. The guy up my ass was really starting to fuck my asshole.
I could feel both their cocks inside me. I was moaning, "cum inside me guys please."
"Oh you dirty bitch, Gary told me you were a good fuck but I never thought you let us fuck you like this, in front of an audience as well."
I opened my eyes and looked, there were about twenty people watching. Some girls were openly wanking guys off as they watched me. D had Sandra holding his cock.
I was so fucking turned on. I felt my orgasm approaching.
"That's it guys fuck me, use me, cum in me. Oh fuck I'm cummmming."
I orgasmed, my juices squirting out around his cock. They exploded inside me at the same time. My cunt and ass filled with spunk. He released his grip under my thighs, their cocks pulled out of my holes as they lowered me down.
I was stood there, cum running out of both holes, a big smile on my face.
Before I could move Gary stepped forward and lifted me up again, his cock slid easily in my cunt.
"Want some more Anna?"
"As much as you want to fucking give me."
I was soon being fucked in both holes again. I was cumming over and over. I felt one cock slip out my ass.
"No, put it back in me, please."
He did but in my cunt alongside Garys cock. My cunt had two cocks in it, stretching my vagina.
They both shot their loads in my filled cunt. As I was let down again, I saw D was fucking Sandra again. He had her up against the wall, her legs were around his waist. I stood and watched as cum was running down my thighs.
I looked around, people were engaged in all sorts of sex, one girl was getting spit roasted, another was sucking a couple of guys off.
I walked back to our table, stopping to get a drink on the way. The barman smiled.
"On the house," he said.
I sat down, putting a bar towel under me. I looked down as cum was still leaking out of me. I used my fingers to gather some and put my fingers in my mouth, tasting the spunk.
The barman arrived, picking up empty glasses. He watched me tasting my juices and cum.
He unzipped himself and put his cock straight in my mouth. I was sucking him off as the others drifted back to our table.
I felt the first load hit the back of my throat, he pulled his cock out and jerked the rest of his cum on my face and tits.
"Thank you," I said.
Sandra and another girl started rubbing his cum over my tits.
"Don't pinch my nipples please, or I will cum again."
Sandra was soon sucking on my nipples, the other girl pushed my legs open and was eating my cunt, sucking all the cum out of me. I orgasmed immediately.
Gary was talking to D as I got up and went outside for a cigarette. There was a grassy area in front of the clubhouse. I lit my cigarette.
I had nearly finished when three guys appeared.
"Look at her, dirty bitch, showing all she has got, I bet she's up for."
I tried to ignore them, but with tits out and my twisted skirt hiding nothing I guess I did.
I just smiled as I went to walk past them back into the club.
"Come on love, give us kiss, or a blow job," one said as he took his cock out. I felt a twinge in my cunt as I saw the size of it. It had to be at least ten inches long. Bigger than any I'd had that night.
I stopped, I felt my hand reach out, I caught hold of it.
"That's it love, stroke it, it won't harm you."
As I looked at my hand rubbing his cock, it grew harder. I felt my ass being felt, a hand was pushing between my thighs. I felt my legs open. The hand was rubbing my hairy cunt. Some fingers went inside me.
Before I knew it I was bent over, my mouth opened wide. I wanted to suck this cock. As I bent over the guy behind grabbed my hips, holding them tight as I felt his cock enter me.
I pushed my head down, licking this shaft, I put my mouth over it as he pushed forward. I took it all, my throat opened as the full length went in my mouth. I wanted this cock. My hands went on his hips as he started face fucking me. His balls were banging on my chin. I was groaning in pleasure.
"Fucking hell, she's taking it all, you greedy cunt." I was being spit roasted by two of them.
"Her cunt is fucking juicy, she's sucking my cock up her cunt, what a whore."
I was loving it, the dirtier they talked, the more I reacted. The third one was squeezing my tits. I moaned louder. The guy fucking my cunt grunted as I felt him cum. He soon filled my hole with his spunk. His cock flopped out, soon to be replaced by another.
"Keep sucking my cock, I'm not cumming yet you dirty bitch."
The cock in my cunt was pulled out.
"Let's see if she likes it up her ass." I heard.
His head was soon pushing at my anus, he pushed the same time as I pushed my ass back. His cock slid straight up my back passage. I moaned louder.
I was sucking on his cock, my tongue was licking the shaft as his balls bounced off my chin.
"Want my load in your mouth cunt, want to swallow it?"
"Hummmmm " I moaned.
They both unloaded their spunk at the same time as my orgasm hit me.
His spunk shot down my throat, I took what I could. It felt like a gallon of hot sticky cum.
He pulled his cock out of my mouth, strands of spunk were hanging out of my mouth as he jerked more over my face. I was trying to catch as much as I could in my mouth.
"Fuck she's a greedy cunt, she's loving it, aren't you bitch."
The guy from my ass joined him jerking more cum on my face. I was licking up what I could with my tongue. I used my fingers to scoop up more of their spunk and licked them. They all pushed their cocks back in my mouth.
"Suck our cocks clean bitch."
I did, they then just walked away leaving me on my knees, cum in all my holes. I sat back on the grass, my knees up and my legs open letting the cum run out of my cunt and ass.
I lit another cigarette as I glanced behind up at the club. Our group were all standing by the window. They had watched me take on the three guys. I was getting lots of smiles and thumbs up. I finished my smoke and went back, via the toilet.
I rearranged my skirt, did up the button on my waistcoat. Licked my lips and walked back to our group. D gave me a big kiss.
"Enjoy that, we did watching you."
"I need a drink, a large one. And some more cock." I grinned at D.
I took a big sip of my wine and D said to me.
"Gary and Sandra have invited us back to their place later on, if you want go?"
"Just us and them?"
"No, he has invited a few more guys, just for you and Sandra."
I smiled and caught Garys eyes. I gave him a thumbs up sign and rearranged my skirt, moving it to the sides of my legs. I undid my waistcoat. I had everything on show again.
"Lets dance."
D quickly had me spinning around, he was lifting me around his shoulders, between his legs, a full jive. My tits were swinging free, my bum and cunt on show for all. Two other guys took his place, throwing me from one to the other. I felt my skirt fall off, the string had broken. One guy pulled my waistcoat off, I was naked on the dance floor apart from my headband and feather.
It felt so free, they were grabbing my tits, my bush, my ass, anything they could. A slow dance started, I was between them. Fingers were soon up my cunt and in my asshole.
"Lets go outside and you can fuck me guys." I said.
I never made it outside, they pulled me over to sofa, one sat down, his cock sticking up. He pulled on to it, facing him. I put his cock in my soaking wet cunt. His mate soon had his cock pushing at my anus. I wanted both cocks in me.
"Fuck me both of you."
I looked as a crowd gathered around us. I was the only one naked, I saw D and Gary watching. Sandra came and sat next to us on the sofa. Her skirt was soon around he ankles, her top off. She kissed me.
She looked at Gary, he nodded.
"This cunt wants fucking as well guys, any takers?"
She was soon getting fucked, her legs in the air. The guy behind me had his cock all the way in my rectum. Both cocks had a rhythm going. I was soon cummming and moaning. They filled my ass and cunt with their cum.
The guy in my ass pulled his cock out, I slipped off the other guy onto my knees, I put my mouth around his cock, sucking the last drops of spunk from him. He stood up, keeping his cock in my mouth. His hands went around my head. He started to face fuck me. I felt his cock growing again. I squeezed his balls.
"Oh my fucking god, this cocksucking cunt is fucking special guys, you have to try her."
With that he unloaded in my mouth, I swallowed most of it, strands of his cum was hanging from my mouth. He moved away. I sat back next to Sandra. She leaned over and kissed me. Her tongue in my mouth. She licked the inside of my mouth and sucked some of his spunk into her mouth.
I felt someone lift my legs up. The hands felt smooth. I looked as a girl smiled at me as her head went between my legs. She was licking between my cunt lips, her fingers inside me. I reached down, rubbing my clit as she was sucking on my cunt.
The guy fucking Sandra pulled his cock out of her, shooting his load over her stomach and tits.
For what seemed like ages Sandra and I took on whoever wanted to fuck us. Some girls were pushing their boyfriends or husbands forward letting them fuck us as they rubbed themselves off.
We were putting on a live sex show. My body was in a constant state of arousal, my juices just flowed as my orgasms kept coming.At one time D and Gary jerked off over us, on our tits and faces.
Finally it was over. We both laid there, smiling and rubbing spunk over each other.
"Still coming back to our place Anna?" Sandra asked.
"Love to." I replied.
We got up, found our clothes, got D and Gary and walked naked out of the club.
Sandra asked Gary, "How many guys are joining us?"
"Probably not enough for you two greedy cunts."