Daddy, I'm made a mess.
Returning from another long day at Senior School, Alina sat on the couch with her feet up and chilling to some music. Her thoughts were drifting back to her eighteenth birthday; it seemed so long ago now. Her nineteenth was coming up in a couple of weeks, but her eighteenth felt like yesterday.
Alina wasn't sure, but somehow she knew, call it female intuition if you will, or was it just her perverted mind? It was around this time she'd noticed her dad's eyes lingering on her firm bosom and long smooth, ebony legs and tight ass. It started around her eighteenth; her young body had fully blossomed. Teen hormones had filled her body out nicely; hips and bosom had taken on the curves of a very sexy young lady. The fullness of her backside and tits now struggled to be contained in her tight clothes. Her bottom was bursting out of her shorts, ass cheeks exposed to the delight of many. Her bosom expanded so quickly that her bra could barely contain them, and her constantly aroused nipples were forever poking through the thin material of her now extremely tight t-shirts.
Her daddy took her shopping many times over the previous months, pretty much buying her anything she wanted. At first, she didn't understand what was happening. Her teen body was blossoming, extenuating every curve, and the wisps of peach fur growing fuller on her most precious parts. The tingles started begging to be touched, thinking maybe her dad had been lusting after her even back then. Her young mind could no longer control her raging hormones; every time her dad was near, her mind and pussy melted. What was happening to her? was this normal. She loved how it made her feel but was a little confused and embarrassed all the same. Months and weeks teased at her thoughts, confusing her more as she developed into the sultry minx she is today. Could things have turned out different? Was there something she could have changed as the tingles grew uncontrollably? Filling her brain with slutty desires for her father, emotions a young and innocent girl should not feel.
Alina's young mind conflicted with a growing want; no need to be touched by her daddy. She knew it was wrong, but somehow her mind found ways to justify her thoughts. She couldn't help but lay in bed at night touching her tender folds, fantasying endlessly, wishing her dad could understand her naughty needs. Cumming to her touch, not interested in her young male cohorts. Alina just wanting to feel her dad's fingers caresses her smooth skin. Sex-filled dreams consumed her sleep, and her slutty thoughts controlled her waking hours. As Alina became more obsessed, her mind was in overdrive, trying to think of ways to fulfil what her young body desired. She was still too sweet and innocent to be brash; she needed to know her dad wanted her, not the other way around. Alina knew she could easily cast a sexual spell over any guy with just a flick of her hair. A wiggle of her sexy ass or a sensual sway of her hips.
Alina's pussy aroused endlessly day after day; she found herself sneaking off to the bathroom or her bedroom, needing to relieve her slutty desires. Then in the School Lecture Hall one morning, she found herself unconsciously touching herself between her legs. So wet and horny, Alina's mind was lost in a fantasy daydream. Her mind was barely focussing when her teacher approached, stifling a gasp. Her pussy quivered delightfully between her legs, the wetness soaking her panties. As her lecturer passed her by, Alina caught the musky aroma of her teen sex. She was frozen in fright by her wicked thoughts and moments ticked by excruciatingly, time seemingly pausing. Her moistening quim throbbing, soaking her in the pleasure. The lecturer was still close; she wondered if he could smell her lust and see the perverted desire on her face? Read her taboo incestuous depraved thoughts about needing her dad to touch her as no father should?
With her class finished, Alina composed herself as best she could. Knowing she had soaked her panties enough to cause a damp spot on her short skirt and probably through to her seat. She waited for the class to empty before taking off her cardigan wrapping it around her waist, hoping to conceal her slutty secret. Quickly making her way out of her course, passing her lecturer, Alina shyly caught his eye. Did he know, did she leave her slutty wetness behind? The thoughts had her pussy tingling for more. Embarrassed and confused, she noticed a familiar wry smile on the teachers face as she left the classroom. With still two hours until her classes finished for the day, Alina made her way to the female's bathroom. Lifting her skirt to expose her soaked desire, Alina slipped a finger through her wetness, pulling her panties aside. The taboo nature of her whereabouts amplified her aroused pussy.
Slutty thoughts swirled through her head; she knew her teacher would have seen the wetness she left. Causing her to thrust a finger into her tight pussy. It was such an overwhelming experience, imagining her teacher lusting after her nubile teen body. Alina had to stifle a gasp as she quickly brought herself off. The lustful look in his eyes pushing her over the edge. Her mind was buzzing with expectation as the realisation came to her, that look! She had seen that wry look flash across her daddy's face many times in recent months. Her pussy throbbed again, quivering in need. Nipples hardening as her arousal dripped from her needy wet quim. Quickly unbuttoning her blouse, Alina captured a nipple through the thin lace of her bra, moans of pleasure escaping her lips. Caressing her tits free of the delicate fabric, squeezing harder, she felt the desire she so wanted. Wishing her dad was fondling her slutty need, feel how hard and sensitive her nipples had become. Alina's other hand found its way back to her throbbing clit, lost in the moment Alina attacked her slick cunt until she came like never before. Her legs were growing weak her whole body shivered through one of the most intense orgasms of her young life. Her mind still thinking of the wry look on her dad's face and how it made her body want more.
Alina, flustered and needing to return to class, tried to compose herself, straighten out her clothes and head back. Each step reverberated through her body, her pussy slick with pleasure teasing her mind with more desire than she could handle. Her tight panties teasing her still sensitive clit, the lace of her bra rubbed tantalising over her aroused nipples. She nearly came with each step as taboo thoughts crept through her mind.
Alina brushed past her teacher and found her seat, still slick with her wetness. She flipped her cardigan and skirt up as she sat, the coolness meeting her tender young ass. Tempering her lust just enough to focus on the lecturer, but not for long. Her soaked panties moulded to her sweet, tender pussy, sending a wave of pleasure deep into her folds. Wicked thoughts still teasing her mind, she let her legs spread a little and her skirt ride up, exposing more and more of her slutty desire. Her teacher catching a glimpse of her smooth teen legs. Stunning him as his gaze drank in her ebony thighs, this time, her teacher was the one that looked embarrassed. Averting his eyes and adjusting his crutch, her lecturer walked to the front of the class.
Alina's s sexual need was still in front of her mind; feeling the cool wetness caressing her ass had Alina squirming in her seat, pulling her panties tighter into her lust. The tingles ever-present is controlling her mind, pushing her desires once more. The classroom door swung shut, sending a tantalising draft up her skirt, a wave of lust spread over her, pussy quivering as the cool sensation caressed her skin. Catching her teacher trying to look up her dress had her young hormones racing for more. She found herself letting her legs spread a little more with each look, her teacher struggling to remain focussed, the attention making young Alina hotter and wetter.
Whenever he looked, Alina made sure to catch his gaze smiling back with intent, sitting at the back of the lecture hall a few feet above her the rest of the students. Giving her the freedom to let her game continue unnoticed by anyone but her teacher. Alina had no idea why she felt so compelled to tease him. Too young and innocent to fully understand her desires. Alina caught up in her little fantasy allowing her legs to spread a little more with each gaze. Her skirt riding up until her soaked white cotton panties were in view. Catching his gaze again, she watched as his eyes lowered to her exposed ebony thighs, her legs wide enough now for him to see the dampness of her panties. His eyes drifting back to hers in slow motion, and at that exact moment, she closed her legs, smoothed her skirt, innocently smiled and pretended to resume her classwork.
By this stage, Alina was on the verge of cumming in her panties; young emotions and uncontrollably urges dripped between her legs. All the time, flashes of her daddy caressing her young body filled her mind. Her thoughts spilling over in waves of indecent desire, she closed her school books and excused herself from class. Practically running back to the girl's bathroom, again her hand down her panties. Clutching her soaked young pussy, and fingered herself through several intense but all too brief orgasms.
The whole experience was almost too much for her young mind to handle, what was happening to her. Trying to wrap her head around what she had just done only had her wanting more.
The look in her teacher's eyes was fresh and familiar, one she was sure she had seen adorn her daddy's face ever since her young body blossomed. Just the thought had her mind racing with ways to make him see her as more than his daughter. The next few days, all she could think about was her dad's touch. To feel his hand caresses her every curve, explore every inch of her teen desire. More and more, she mindlessly touched herself in inappropriate places. The urges beyond her control, she tried to ignore them to the point her pussy throbbed with wetness constantly.
Her favourite was sitting at the back of the lecture hall at school, her legs slightly spread, just enough to diddle her clit with the tip of a pencil. Gently rubbing and teasing herself, loving the thought anyone close enough might smell her sexual arousal. Her teacher tried his best not to look her in the eye, and it became accustomed for her to flip her skirt up as she sat so she would not soak her skirt but consistently left a trace of wet lust on her seat.
The bus trip to school became a whole new experience; her skirts got shorter and more buttons on her Senior School uniform top left undone. Exposing enough cleavage to attracted attention escalating the arousal she now craved. The more packed the bus, the better, getting more promiscuous seeking out older businessmen. Their smart suits reminding her of daddy, cosying up with her young bottom pressing into their crotch and allowing the bumpy ride to hide her attempts to push her plump teen ass harder into her fantasy. With the hope of feeling their hardness pressing into her, maybe a hand on her waist or lower as they steadied themselves on the bumpy ride. The more packed the bus, the more intimate the encounter. Feeling a man's warm breath on her neck causing her to softly and sensually illicit a sexy moan. Occasionally her hand pushing back as the road jostled her around, hoping to feel their arousal or tease the more she craved.
At home, her promiscuous behaviour increased, sometimes after a nightly shower, Alina would stroll into the kitchen wearing just a towel. Barely covering her ass, her full bosom tantalising close to bursting the towel open. Nipples aroused and pointed directly to her desire, her dad!
Opening the fridge door taking her time to decide what she wanted, bending slightly at the hips. Exposing more of her smooth teen thighs and maybe the bottom of her tight teen ass cheeks.
Lingering long enough to ensure her dad got the eye full, she craved, turned and smiled sweetly, hoping to see that look. A look that melted her heart and made her young pussy quiver delightfully.
Chris's mind was in a spin of sensual overload; he'd watch his daughter blossom over the last year. She was turning into one of the most beautiful young ladies he had ever seen. Chris brushed off her promiscuous behaviour as part of a young woman's coming of age journey. He remembered the times he took her shopping last year, never once thinking anything of her asking for his opinion of this skirt or that blouse. Even asking him to help choose a new bikini for an upcoming pool party. Once asking what razer she should buy, at this point, Chris seemed it odd why she wouldn't ask her mother, advising she'd be better off asking one of her friends. Shopping for new clothes became a fairly regular thing, from school uniforms to anxiously watching her browse for knickers and bras. Having a significant fetish for panties, Chris found his mind wandering to areas it shouldn't. Just walking past the lingerie section made his pulse quicken and his cock harden, but browsing with his daughter was as intimidating as it was arousing.
Everything changed one day with one very brief encounter. Shopping for new shoes, watching her try one pair then another. There was a small angled mirror on the floor for the wearer to fashion the look. At one point, Alina lifted her leg and bent her knee backwards to use her finger to pull the shoe over her heel. Finding it a little hard to pull over her heel, she struggled for a few moments teetering on one foot. The way she was positioned, Chris was afforded the briefest of brief glimpses in the small mirror up to her dress. Seeing her white cotton panties stretched over her tight eighteen-year-old mound, a hint of pussy lip squeezing out of the crotch, covered in a delicate trace of pubic hair.
Chris felt ashamed but couldn't take his eye off the small mirror, praying for another glimpse of her panties and what they contained. At that moment, Chris lost to his inappropriate thoughts; he replayed the encounter for days and weeks. His cock hardened his heart raced, feeling things no dad should. Chris started to notice his young daughter's every move, every little smile; his mind became transfixed by her effortless sensual beauty. In time the thoughts faded, but the image of his daughter's panty-clad pussy became burnt into his memory forever.
Now staring at his daughter's ass as it peeked out from below the towel. Leaning into the fridge fidgeting, her weight changing from one foot to the other. Her perfect teen ass cheeks jiggling seductively, causing more of her sweet ass to be displayed
All Chris's perverted thoughts come flooding back. The memory of his daughters pussy almost bursting out of her panties that fateful day. He found himself watching intently, hoping she would bend over just that little bit more. As inappropriate as his thoughts were, his lust was instant, his cock lurched with absolute apprehension. She turned and smiled the sweetest and most sensually seductive smile he had seen on his young daughter's face.
Alina waved and skipped off to her room; the sway of her perfect teen ass as she left the kitchen now burnt into Chris's memory forever as well. The smoothness of her long legs, starting at her delicate little ankles and leading to her toned, slender calves and the the sexy curve of her sensationally thighs. Just a hint of ass cheek as her thigh gap disappeared into a place where fantasies are made. Alina's towel flicked up a little as she bounced down the hall, Chris catching a glimpse of her pink panties, maybe a hint of her panty-clad pussy lips sweetly confined between her tight ass cheeks. Chris's imagination ran wild, struggling to compose himself. The sight was as irresistible and sexy as he had seen in a while. That fact it was his daughter quickly faded into his deviant mind. Chris sat stunned in silence, unable to move for several minutes; the lust and indecent thoughts had his cock straining hard. When did his daughter become such a temptress? Was he reading things right, or was it just his devious mind playing tricks with his lust?
Chris took the sight of the pink deliciousness he'd just had the pleasure to witness and went to bed. Consuming his thoughts, that coupled with the brief shoe shopping experience, he fell asleep. His dreams scattered with lewd recounts of her fur covered pussy lip squeezing tantalising out of her tight white panties. Various scenes played throughout his dreams, thoughts of taking his daughter, touching her sweetness. Exploring every fold of her peach furred pussy with his fingers, then his tongue. His dream was becoming more lucid, taking it to a surreal out of body experience, gently kissing up her smooth thighs, breathing in the sweet essence of teen arousal as he teased his tongue under the edge of his daughter's panty leg; feeling his daughter's soft teen fur tickle his lips. The first lick followed by the sexy moans of his daughter as she caught her breath, encouraging him to tease her more. Then finding himself being taken by his daughter's hand and lead to the department store fitting rooms. With the magic of dreams, he watched in silence as Alina tried on an array of panties. Every colour and style imaginable, slipping one pair from under her short skirt only to try on another and all the time maintaining a shy innocence in a way that made the experience that much more erotic.
Occasionally Chris caught a glimpse of her upper thighs as Alina reached under her skirt and wriggled a pair down her gorgeous ebony legs; it was like he wasn't even in the fitting room with her. His dream drifted to his daughter sitting down trying on various high heel shoes, wearing her short tartan skirt and matching Senior School uniform. Each time fashioning them in the small angled mirror. Chris was treated to quick glimpses of her panty clad pussy. Bright silky pink bikini style featuring in most, followed by the now infamous white cotton underwear. The delicate fur on her pussy lips peeking out the seam of the crotch frozen in dream time.
Alina's white panties were so tight they slipped between her lips, forming to every delicate fold of his daughter's precious eighteen-year-old pussy. The little bump of her clit hood present, watching in awe as his daughter's panties dampened before his eyes. Chris looking up to see his her sweet sensual smile, melting his resolve. Chris hesitantly reached with his finger, moving closer to touching his young girl's exquisite quim. Alina lifted her skirt to watch, holding her breath, face wrecked with untold desire, Chris caught between a dream and reality, struggling to tell the difference.
His daughter's sensual moans," Touch me, daddy," lured his finger closer to her panties as they flooded with her sexual need. The fabric was becoming a window to his and, ultimately, her perverted desire.
Every delicate fold of her pussy down to the glistening drops of wetness coating the wisps of fine exposed pubic hair becoming clearer. Chris's fingers moved closer and closer as he admired the beauty of his daughter's precious teen pussy. Being drawn into a fantasy, he had locked away in the back of his mind a long time ago.
Hearing Alina's sensual moan, he shifted his gaze back to her face, blinking he was now standing over her. His daughter was lying in bed sleeping, her darkened room only illuminated by the street light breaking through the shadows. Chris had his cock in his hand, gently stroking himself, cock glistening with lust, ready to burst. His daughter's full lips were so enticing; he felt an overpowering urge to gently rub his cock over them. To satisfy such a taboo desire was wickedly pushing Chris past the point of no return. Chris's cock throbbing with an intensity reserved for the young. Just as the tip of his dripping cock touched his taboo, he heard a soft moan. Alina's lips faded as a warm yellow glow of early morning light spilt across her body. Nearly naked in bed, the covers pulled back. Wearing her distinct bright pink silky panties, still standing over her, Chris was shocked.
Why couldn't Alina see him? His dream became more lucid as he took in the divine sight of his not so innocent daughter. Her stifled moans continued, face contorted in the throes of uncontrollable lust. His daughter's lips were mouthing words indiscernibly, one hand twisting and pulling a hard nipple, the other buried in her pink panties. Chris watched his daughter attacking her need with the furiousness of women on the edge of orgasmic bliss. He watched on in awe, his cock as hard as ever, her gasps for breath punctuated with more unheard lusty words. Chris looked on intently as her body shook and bucked to her touch; he was sure he heard the words, "Touch me, please dad, please daddy," followed by his daughter's lips mouthing the words, 'Fuck daddy! oh fuck oh fuck, I'm cumming, daddy."
He was awoken by his daughter knocking on his bedroom door and his alarm blaring, the dream gone. He yelled out I'm awake, Alina opening the door to say goodbye wearing her Senior School uniform. Short tartan skirt, white school blouse and black cardigan. Grey Stay-Up Stockings, black socks pulled up over her knees and her black leather school shoes that started his lust affair. Chris's cock exploded as he tried to hide it, tenting his bedsheets. His daughter giggling and left him with that same sensual, not so innocent, sweet smile. Chris's turn to be embarrassed, did he see a slight suggestive smirk and a sexy glint on his little girls face. Maybe, maybe not, parts of his dream filtered through his sleepy mind. His cock still throbbing as he squeezed every last drop of pleasure, soaking his bedsheet in cum. Laid breathless and confused at what had just happened. The colour pink kept teasing his thoughts; he remembered catching the delightful glimpse of his daughter's ass and pink panties before going to bed. But somehow, there was more; Chris jumped out of bed and went for his morning shower, not wanting to miss his bus to work.
Opening the bathroom door, his eyes squinting to the bright morning light, taking a few seconds to focus, then pink. Just pink, bright pink, Bright Pink silky panties, left hanging precariously on the laundry hamper.