Chapter 1:
Planning
My wife Dhara and I had organized the Earth Day event over several months. I should say that she had done most of the work. All of the plans were in place well in advance, but we fine-tuned them often as a new idea crept into our minds, or an adjustment had to be made because of logistics or a change in need due to weather, erosion or any other reason. Plans always change when you are planning an outdoor project in Colorado in the spring. Our plan was to build a new trail along Cheyenne Canyon near Colorado Springs. We worked closely with the Parks and Recreation District of both El Paso County and the city of Colorado Springs. We started the planning stage in August to start the project on Earth Day the following April.
We worked with a myriad of people as the planning played through. The first person we worked with at the county office was Damia. Damia was a nice enough looking lady, about 5'6" with a slight build. She was not skinny, but less than the average build. She had dark skin and hair that flowed to about her shoulder blades []with a nice figure, not at all unpleasant to look at. From the looks of her I would say that she was Indian in heritage.
When we first walked in, she smiled and introduced herself first to my wife and then me. "Hello, my name is Damia. I am excited to work with you on this plan!" she said offering her hand and staring Dhara straight in the eyes for a few seconds before turning to me and doing the same.
"My name is Dhara," said my wife. "And this is my husband, Rodan, Rod for short. It is a pleasure to meet you!"
"The pleasure is all mine," she responded smiling and looking Dhara straight in the eyes again. We sat at the conference table and pulled out the maps of the region and started showing her our plans. We talked about the materials that we would need, the path that the new trail would take, the points of interest that we might want to point out as the path made its way through the canyon and a number of other things that crossed our minds. It was a very pleasant conversation. Damia seemed to really like our plan and offered several ideas to make it better.
The next stop was at the city's park and rec office. As we stepped inside, we were immediately greeted by the administrative assistant, Terra. She was a mesmerizingly beautiful young lady about 22 or 23, long flowing red hair, a very athletic and toned body, looking somewhat like a tennis player, and a smile that would light up a room buried two miles below the surface of the earth without any electricity what-so-ever for lighting. Terra took our names and called to the back for Tucker, the director that we were to go over our plans with.
Tucker was a well-built gentleman in his early 50's with salt and pepper hair groomed well. He had a moustache and sideburns to the bottom of his ears but well maintained. He looked like he could have been a middle linebacker in his college days. We could see that he kept himself in shape.
Dhara was drawn to his pecs; she has always been a sucker for a man with a good set of pecs. We shook Tucker's hand and went to the conference table to lay out our revised plan with him for the first time. He was very interested and asked if he could take some time to look it over before asking any questions.
We went back to the lobby area to wait and give him the undisturbed time he needed to go over our plan. I struck up a conversation with Terra. Her smile and deep green eyes kept my attention. As we laughed and talked, Terra would reach out and touch my hand and her eyes would light up. Dhara noticed this and said, "Terra, if you don't stop, I will get raped as we walk into our door tonight." Then she laughed.
It is no secret that I have a thing for red-heads! Dhara will dye her hair red for me quite often and it leads to some wild times. That did not seem to stop Terra. In fact, it seemed to spur her on. She would laugh and reach out and touch me more often and her stare would linger longer each time.
Tucker called Terra and asked her to bring us back in. She asked, "Dhara, would you like something to drink?" Then she put her hand on my shoulder and asked me the same.
Dhara responded, "Water would be great!" I said, "I am good," as I turned to the table to listen to Tucker.
"Here you go, Dhara," Terra said as she came back into the room. She gave Dhara the bottle of water and put her hand on her shoulder as she looked down at the plans.
Tucker said, "Terra has been very insightful in these plans in the past. Do you mind if she listens in?"
Dhara did not answer. But I interjected, "That is fine! The more eyes on this project the better. We want it to be the best!" It was not like Dhara not to answer. She seemed distracted. I was not sure what the issue was but thought that if she had any objections she would say so; she is not shy about that.
We hashed out several ideas and settled on a basic strategy. Tucker and I sat and worked out the materials needed and the cost estimates of the project while Terra and Dhara called Damia to start a discussion about fundraising ideas. This part of the planning went very smoothly and soon Tucker and I went into the room with the girls and gave them our estimates so that they would be able to include the monetary goal that needed to be reached.
When we entered the room, I noticed the distinct odor of Dhara when she is sexually aroused. She is very attracted to older men, especially if they are gray or graying. With the combination of his physique, salt and pepper hair, and being dressed sharply in a suit and tie, I knew she had been fantasizing about Tucker. With this knowledge, I wanted to hurry up and finish the meeting so we could get home.
"My God, did you feel that?" Dhara said. "Did you feel the chemistry in the air? I thought we were going to cum right there in the room!"
I took her into my arms and kissed her passionately and thought that I would cum at that moment. You see, when Dhara kisses, it is pure unadulterated sex. There is so much passion in one of her kisses that a man has no control over anything that happens.
We fell to the floor right there in front of the door. We ripped each other's clothes off and I went to town eating her pussy. She quickly turned to do a 69 with me. She is not big on giving head, but I was not going to say anything. When she gets this turned on, you just let her do whatever she wants to you and it is guaranteed that you will LOVE it!
After about ten minutes, I felt as though I was going to blow the back of her head off and was afraid that if we did not change that I would no longer be able to control myself and do just that. I turned her around and mounted her doggy style and thrust my rock-hard cock into her dripping pussy. She had cum twice in the short time that we were eating each other and a third time as soon as I entered her. I came in a powerful wave.
Surprisingly, I did not go limp afterwards. She begged me to fuck her in the ass and I gratefully accommodated her wishes. I was easing my cock into her asshole so that I would not hurt her, but she screamed, "Fuck my ass hard! NOW!" So I started ramming in and out stretching her asshole to its limits. She was moaning loudly and then started screaming, "OH YESS, OH MY GOD, OH YES I'M CUMMING!!!!!"
I kept pounding her ass. I was nowhere near cumming. She screamed, "That's it baby, fuck my asshole. You know you love it. I know you would love to fuck Terra and Damia too. Fuck my ass like it was one of them." I started pounding even harder.
"You know you wish this was Tucker pounding your ass," I told her and she squirmed under me. "I saw the way you were looking at him when he first came out. I smelled the sexual desire on you when he and I joined you and Terra in the other room!" I kept increasing my pace while fucking her ass. She moaned and screamed. I was ready to explode when she blew my mind.
"I want to watch you fuck Terra up her ass. You would love that, wouldn't you? I saw the way you two carried on flirting. The sexual energy was electrifying. Pretend it is her ass you are fucking now!" That did it for me. I exploded what seemed like ten pounds of semen up her ass and she moaned as she felt the semen shooting far up into her bowels and felt the spasms of my cock.
As we were coming down from our sexual high we noticed that neither one of us had bothered to shut the door as we entered the house. We quickly shut the door and ran to our bedroom. We laughed hard after that. "I am not a publicly sexual person," Dhara said. "But I have to admit that when we noticed the door was open, it sent a thrill to my pussy to know that any number of people could have witnessed that very animalistic display of sex we just had. It is exhilarating!"
"Not to mention who all could have heard us. We both were very vocal this afternoon!" I added. She turned beet red at that thought but you could tell she was excited about the idea. She quickly dove for my semi-hard cock and started giving me another blow-job. 'Two in one day,' I thought. 'He must have really turned her on!'
Once I was good and hard again she straddled me on the bed facing me and inserted my now hard cock into her pussy and made love to me in a slow pace. I kissed, sucked and played with her beautifully large tits as she rode me to another mind-blowing orgasm. She came just as I started spurting what little sperm I had into her again. We collapsed and fell fast asleep on the bed.
Chapter 2
Setting Up
A month or so later we went back to Damia's office to hear some updates that she had come up with to make the fundraising go better. It was noon when we got there and we went straight back to her office. Her assistant said that she was going to lunch and would not be back until 1:30 because she had to run some errands as well. Damia smiled and said, "That is fine, we do not have any more appointments today. Don't bother to come back. Take the rest of the day off and we will see you on Monday. Besides it is Friday and we close at 2:00 anyway."
"I am sorry; we did not realize that you were closing early today. We can come back another time so as not to keep you from getting your weekend started," I said.
"No worries. I set the meeting for this time for a reason. We will not be interrupted this way. If you will excuse me for a second I need to lock the door behind Melanie so nobody walks in and then I will stop by the powder room if you do not mind. Feel free to help yourself to anything you like. Make yourselves comfortable."
Dhara went to the break room and grabbed a couple bottles of water and asked Damia if she wanted anything. Damia said no.
We were looking over the fundraising plans when Damia came back into the office. I noticed that she had refreshed her lipstick and put her hair up. She looked absolutely delicious. She had changed clothes as well; at least I think she did. I had not noticed her skirt before. The skirt hit her about mid-thigh and really accentuated the muscle tone of her sexy legs.
I could tell that Dhara had noticed this as well, but she controlled her eyes better than I did. "I was looking over your ideas on the fundraising gala. I see you were planning on The Broadmoor. I think if we get a slightly more centered venue, we might be able to make a little more money," Dhara said.
"I was thinking the same thing just now," was the response from Damia. "A CENTRAL location is just what I have in mind!" It was obvious to me she was not talking about the fundraising event anymore, but Dhara did not catch that as she was still looking at the planning sheet.
"Central is always good," I stated and chuckled a little bit. At this Dhara turned to talk with us and noticed that Damia definitely had a different subject in mind. I thought Damia was going to pounce right then and there. Instead, she looked at the planning sheet and said, "Where should we go that is more centralized?" and rested her hand on Dhara's shoulder.[]
"I was thinking maybe the Antlers Hotel," Dhara said. "It puts us downtown and we can draw more of the people that are willing to make larger donations that way."
"The Antlers is a good idea. Should we go down there and talk to them next Friday?" Damia asked. "I like to go in person; it is harder for them to say no." Dhara and I agreed.
"Should we have Terra and Tucker join us since they are a part of this team as well?" I asked. Everyone agreed.
Friday came and we met there at 4:00 and talked with the manager about the use of one of their ballrooms for the fundraiser. The ladies all dressed very elegantly and Tucker and I wore suits and ties in order to drive home the importance of the event. The manager was very supportive and offered the biggest ballroom: RENT-FREE. We jumped on it and set the date right then and there. He then gave each of us a voucher for two free weekends each at the hotel.
We went to the hotel bar to celebrate. We had three or four drinks each when Terra said, "Let's go to one of the nightclubs for some dancing and more drinks." We all agreed and went down the street to one of the nightclubs that have several bars within it.
We started on the rooftop where pop music was playing and we all started swaying to the music. I asked Dhara if she wanted to dance and she said that she would rather dance a slower song but that I should dance with one of the other ladies.
Terra and I hit the floor dancing, soon followed by Tucker and Damia. We were having a great time. The music was good and full of energy. The next song was much slower so Dhara and I danced together. We love dancing together!
"You really like Terra, don't you," My Love stated, smiling big. []"She likes you too, I can tell. She almost creams every time she looks at you!"
"It is all in your imagination," I answered, wondering if she might be onto something that I was not catching. It did not matter. In the 26 years we have been married, we have been faithful to each other. I adore Dhara and would never do anything that would jeopardize our marriage. We can get turned on by anyone and bring it home to ravish each other.
"I can tell that you want her too. Remember the first day we met her..." She stated, smiling. "We became exhibitionists that afternoon."
"As I recall, you were pretty damned turned on by Tucker as well! And that played a big role in our exhibition."
"I was not," she answered indignantly. "I have very little interest in Tucker!"
That took me by surprise. I could tell she meant it. It was not just a teasing thing where she was feigning innocence. She truly did not have an attraction to Tucker. "So what had you turned on so much that afternoon? I thought you were so hot and heavy for Tucker."
"Both Terra and Damia and the way they were undressing you with their eyes right in front of me. No shame in either one of those two ladies."
"The girls turned you on? This is a side of you I have never seen," I retorted
"No, the thought of them wanting you is what turned me on. I knew they could lust for you all they wanted. It is me you come home to every night. It is me that you fuck the shit out of when you get turned on by someone else. That is what had me so hot for you; two beautiful ladies lusting after my husband. If I had known we were going to fuck where people could have seen us, I would have fucked you right there in front of Terra."
"Whoa! You are so hot right now. I want to fuck you right now," I stated.
"Later. I want to enjoy watching them lust for you some more. Dance with them and start grinding a bit. See how they react. I will see if I can get a room for the weekend at the Antlers since we have the voucher and all. No use driving all the way home after getting so turned on. We can just go right down the street, get our room and fuck all weekend."
The song ended and we made our way off the floor. I was not sure how to react to this new side of Dhara, but I sure knew that I loved when she was so turned on last time and that this might be as good.
Damia asked me to dance next. It was a very energetic song and we soon were having a great time on the dance floor. When the song ended Dhara called me over and whispered in my ear, "I want you to grind on them! You want the fuck of your life, don't you? Get them hot and ready to rape you, and then when we get to the hotel..." She left it right there.
Terra grabbed me as the next song started and we were dancing and laughing and having a great time. I glanced at Dhara and she motioned to her hips. I got the message. I pulled Terra in close and started rubbing my thigh on her pussy as we danced. She leaned back and started doing the same. As the song ended, she whimpered a little and held me there.
A slow song started playing and she said. "Let's keep dancing." I looked at Dhara and she smiled and turned to get her another drink. Terra and I danced. She started rubbing her pussy on my thigh and moaning. I could tell she was close to orgasm as she said," Oh God, it is getting hot in here," and pulled away.
I pulled her back into my arms and pressed my thigh into her crotch again. She started to breathe heavily and then her breathing started to staccato and I could tell that she had an orgasm. I kept the pressure on her crotch the rest of the song. She was starting to sweat a little and melted in my arms. Just before the song ended, I looked at Dhara and she had the grin of the Cheshire Cat.
When the song was over Terra excused herself to the bathroom and Dhara followed. Damia said that she too wanted to dance some more so we went out to the floor. I asked why she wasn't dancing with Tucker and she replied that she had, but thoroughly enjoyed watching Terra and I dance. I danced much the same way with Damia, but the song did not deserve the same dance so we made some new moves that about had me cumming. Damia sure knew what she was doing to me on the dance floor. It was starting to get to her as well.
When the dance was over, we had both cum a little but I could tell she wanted more. Another slow song came on and Dhara asked me to the floor. We danced a while and she stated that I did a number on Terra. She said that Terra was almost in a trance from the dance. She suggested that we go downstairs to the country bar for a few dances and drinks before we headed to the hotel. I agreed.
When we got downstairs and ordered drinks, Tucker took Dhara out to dance. They were doing a two-step and Damia asked me to dance again.
"Oh no, you had him last. It is my turn again," Terra butted in. We hit the floor and started to two-step. We went right into the second song as well. She continued to hold her crotch on my leg as we danced. She stared into my eyes and said, "I love the way your thigh hits my pussy! You know how to really turn a girl on! I have never cum like I did upstairs. Hell, I have never cum dancing. What is it with you?"
I replied that I know how to treat a lady and she said, "Lucky ladies! If I can cum like that dancing, what will you do to me in bed?" I just smiled and turned her by lifting her with my leg.
Damia was next and she hopped right onto my thigh as well. She did not say a word, but constantly stared into my eyes with lust in hers. We danced two dances as well.
A polka played next and I left Damia for Dhara. Dhara and I love to polka together. We danced and twirled and laughed as we did. She asked how turned on I was from dancing with the two ladies. I said, "You will have to wait until we get to the hotel to find out. How turned on are you?"
"You will have to wait to find out yourself!" We continued dancing. Tucker and I alternated dancing with each lady until the bars closed. We had a great time.
"Well, we are going to the hotel now. We both have had too much to drink to drive," I told the group and said my goodbyes. I asked Dhara how she felt and she said that she felt great and could not wait to get to the hotel. I could not wait either, but controlled myself to keep from raping her right then and there.
We got into the room and Dhara said that I should use the restroom and then go get some ice while she got ready. I used the restroom and then headed out for ice. The machine was not operating, or it was out of ice so I went to the next floor to get some ice before returning. I was singing, "Zippity Do Dah, Zippity Ay, My oh my, what a beautiful day," as I opened the hotel door. The bathroom door was shut and the shower was running. So I set the ice on the table and got undressed taking time to fold my clothes neatly and hang my suit jacket so they would not be wrinkled as we traveled home at the end of the weekend, not thinking that it would be two days before going home.
As I heard the shower turn off, I went to open the door to the bathroom, but it was locked. Dhara said, 'You have to wait for me to come out. I promise you will be delighted!"
I could hardly wait. My cock sprung up like a moon launch. She said, "Why don't you turn down the covers and turn down the lights. Not too much though, I want to see the look on your face!" I could not imagine what she was talking about and was quite curious. I had seen her naked MANY times. Remember, we have been married 26 years. But, I did as she asked.
I heard the door knob turn and I sat up tall in bed to see what the surprise was. She turned the corner and posed for me. She was wearing a brand new negligée that really accentuated her voluptuous tits. She knows how much I love lingerie that accentuates large tits and I was eager to get at them, but sat back and admired them. "Why don't you sit there and let me tease you a little bit before we get going."
She turned and showed me her lovely apple-shaped ass. That negligée not only accentuated her tits, but my, oh my, what it did for her ass as well. I was rock-hard in no time.
She continued to tease me for several minutes knowing full well that she was making me so hard that it was starting to hurt. That is when she decided to attack my cock again, saying, "Let's get this taken care of now so we can fully enjoy everything I have in store for you!"
Chapter 3
Getting Ready
The big fundraising gala was finally here. Mid-March brings a lot of happiness to people and they are more than willing to open their check books for something that is considered to be a worthy cause. We arrived several hours early to make sure everything was perfect. We had reserved the weekend there at the hotel so that we could change clothes as we needed to.
As we were coming out of our room to go grab a bite to eat, we saw that Terra and Damia were checking into the rooms on either side of us. We asked them if they wanted to join us and they agreed. We helped each into their rooms and left to eat. We talked about the event a little, but mostly talked about each other and the things going on in each other's' lives.
We went back to the hotel and met Tucker and the hotel manager to check out the ballroom and all the finalization of the details and found everything set up perfectly. The manager stated that everything was planned so well that she really did not have to do much other than let it happen. Tucker wanted to go to his room to put everything away. So the four of us went to our room to make a drink and relax for a bit before we had to get dressed for the gala.
We got into the room and I made drinks for everyone. The ladies started looking at Dhara's evening gown and asked if she would model it for us. Dhara normally does not like to model but she jumped right on this opportunity.
"Why don't you two go get into your gowns too, so we can see what we all will look like tonight," she called from the bathroom. The two ladies left saying they would be back in a few moments.
I went in to help Dhara with her gown. She pulled off her jeans and I could see a damp spot between her legs. She said she had to pee and asked me to give her privacy as she did so. She called me back in when she was done and I saw that her nipples were very rigid and straining to be fee of her bra. I helped them out and quickly started to suck them. She let out a low moan as I did so. She was pulling my head closer and closer to her chest as a knock came on the door.
"Shit!" she exclaimed and pushed me away. I answered the door and Terra was standing there and asked if I would zip her dress. I invited her in as I helped her with her dress. I mixed her another drink and went to help Dhara just as she was coming out of the bathroom. She suggested that I change into my tux and we would take pictures.
Damia knocked as I was changing and came in. I was soon out with my tux on. The ladies looked gorgeous with each other. I thought that maybe they consulted each other on their outfits; they complimented each other very well. I about stumbled on my tongue just looking at them.
I was alone in a hotel room with three very sexy ladies. Damia brought me another drink. As I sipped it, I notice that unmistakable smell that Dhara has when she is getting horny. That intrigued me immensely.
I took pictures of each of the ladies individually and as a group. They each took a picture with me and we set the timer for a group picture. By the time the ladies were done posing with me I was rock-hard again.
Dhara suggested that we change back into our regular clothes and go out to grab a snack to help dilute the booze we had been drinking so we were in top shape for the gala. We decided to meet back in our room in an hour.
As soon as Dhara got her dress off, I jumped her. We were all over each other in a matter of minutes. We had to be careful not to rip our clothes or it would have been much faster.
"What is it that makes me so horny when those two are around?" Dhara stated. "I am on fire for you. I do not want either one of them, but man do I want you in me now!"
"I would be more than happy to oblige you, My Love," I replied.
She once again dove to suck my cock. It seemed to me that every time we were around these two ladies, I wind up with a blow job. I decided we had to be around them more often.
She was really going at it and had me on the brink in no time at all. Then she got up and said, "My God, I am so horny. Fuck, me now! I need you now!"
I turned her around and threw her on the bed and took her from behind. I started slowly and just put the tip in a little bit and pulled it back out and teased her like that several times. Finally as I stuck the tip in, she thrust her hips back and buried me to the hilt and started bucking hard. I started ramming in and out as fast as I could. I was like a jackhammer I was pounding so hard. I pulled out to reposition her and she squirted across the room and hit the screen of the TV.
She moaned and went into spasms for a few minutes without me in her. Then she threw me on the bed and mounted me shoving my still rock-hard cock up her ass. She slowly lowered herself on my cock and when I was finally in as far as I could go she started riding me hard and wild. She was screaming and screaming for more and more. I blew my wad deep in her bowels and she moaned low and loud.
I was still hard and she wanted more, so she turned around and put me into her pussy with a look on her face of a predatory cat getting ready to pounce on its prey. She rode me hard, fast and wild. I finally came and she fell limply into my arms.
We were woken by Terra and Damia at the door knocking to see if we were ready to go. We quickly dressed and headed out the door. Damia and Terra had smirks on their faces that let us know that they had heard our coupling.
We walked down the street to a popular Mexican restaurant and decided not to order any drinks. We visited for quite some time. I was feeling a little shy about what they had heard and was trying not to make eye contact with any of them, not even Dhara. It seemed the conversation was getting suggestive but I thought that maybe I was just being self-conscious.
We left and went back to our hotel rooms to get ready for the gala. As we started to enter our room, Terra said, "Don't take too long. I don't think we can start without you." Then they laughed as they went into their rooms.
Dhara said, "I think they heard us earlier."
"You think?! I think they heard you all the way in New York."
"Well, it is your fault you know. If you weren't so filled with lust for those two ladies, maybe you wouldn't rape me so wonderfully."
"Me? You are the one that said, 'I can't believe how horny I get around those two.' I just like to take advantage of how horny you are. You know I get very turned on by you being turned on. I can't help it! I would do anything to make you happy and bring you pleasure!"
"You would, wouldn't you? That is what I love about you. You always want to do things for me. Not that you don't get your own pleasure with it, but it is always about me. Thank you! Someday I will return the favor and have only your satisfaction in mind. Just wait and see." With that she disappeared into the bathroom to do her final primping and changing before we headed downstairs for the big to do.
Chapter 4
The Event
We got downstairs and made sure the final preparations were complete before any guests arrived. The ladies and Tucker showed up about ten minutes before the guests were supposed to arrive. We all exchanged hellos and got ready for the evening. I helped Dhara run through her opening statements a couple more times before the guests started arriving. We greeted them all together and thanked them immensely for joining us.
The time had come for Dhara and me to make our way to the stage. Tucker hugged Dhara, wishing her luck, then the ladies hugged us; Damia first and she kissed Dhara on the cheek, then Terra kissed Dhara and they exchanged whispers as Tucker and I were shaking hands. Damia came to me and gave me a nice kiss and held my hand for a bit, wishing us luck. Then Terra kissed me and slipped her tongue into my mouth a little bit, stared into my eyes and squeezed my hand as I turned to follow Dhara to the stage. My mind was all over the place. What had they said to each other? Why did she kiss me like that? I was lost in lust and almost forgot what I was doing.
"Good evening. I would like to thank four very special people with whom this event could not have happened." Dhara had started and my mind was still on the kisses and hand squeezes from Terra and Damia. I had to collect myself and quickly.
"...and finally I would like to thank my darling husband whose selfless pursuit makes others happy[]. Thank you very much."
It was my turn, I was to introduce the MC but I completely forgot his[] name. I stalled thanking Dhara, the ladies and Tucker. I then mentioned the reason we were all here and that was to "open our wallets and help to build a quality trail throughout Cheyenne Canyon for everyone to enjoy. We need everyone's help. So without further ado, I present to you the MC of tonight's affair, Colorado Springs' very own Elvira, Mistress of the Dark!" A big round of applause ensued. The night was off and my talking on the stage was through until the final tally of the monies raised.
Dhara and I mixed with the guests together, kissing and shaking hands with all of the guests. With every kiss my mind wandered to Damia and Terra. 'What am I thinking? I love Dhara with all of my being! I cannot do this. I cannot be having these thoughts,' I kept telling myself over and over. But the more I told myself that, the harder it was to get out of my mind. I had to busy myself with something else, but what?
Finally I had to count the money. That for sure would take my mind off of the ladies and let me get my thinking straight. I went to the accounting room to start counting the money, but I knew I could not touch the money until I had at least one other person with me.
Terra walked into the accounting room followed closely by Damia. 'Oh God, I am in trouble!' I thought to myself. How was I to concentrate with those two in here? I quickly pulled the money out and started separating by currency. Terra grabbed the checks and a calculator, Damia grabbed the ledger to record our totals. What a relief and a frustration at the same time. They both acted as if nothing had happened. Had I imagined the whole thing? I began second guessing myself and had to start over several times on counting the money. But I managed.
"As you all know, our goal for the Cheyenne Canyon Trail was to raise $750,000. I am more than pleased to announce that we have surpassed that goal. We have raised a whopping $1,332,500. The remaining money will be kept in an account that will be used for upgrades, maintenance and the building of new trails.
"We want to thank you all very much for your extreme generosity, without you we never could have made this dream of My Love's come to fruition. All we have to do now is round up volunteers to start laying the trail on April 22nd, Earth Day! Any Volunteers?
"What could be a more appropriate day to start this venture than that?" I finished the gala with the announcement that we would like to give our three main helpers a gift for their time and efforts to get this program off and running.
"We would like to take this time again to thank three beautiful people for everything that they have done to make this the success it has turned out to be. We know you had your regular jobs to do, but we greatly appreciate your hard work and dedication to making this fundraiser tonight such a success," Dhara said.
As they came onto the stage she handed each one a bouquet of white roses and an envelope with a small token of our appreciation. Of course I let Dhara buy the thank you gifts, so I had no idea what was in the envelopes, but I do love white roses. They are my favorites.
We said our final good nights and thank-yous about an hour and a half later and decided to get a drink before heading up to the room. We needed to wind down from an emotional evening. I was surprised that Dhara did not invite any of the others but did not worry about it. We had our drink and talked about the fundraiser and about the work we had put into it thus far and the work that we had ahead of us.
"I am not sure we could have pulled this off if it wasn't for Tucker and the girls," Dhara said.
"I agree. The girls did a lot. And it was great of Tucker to allow Terra to take so much time from the office to help us. I feel as if we have known them for years."
"Me too. I have grown accustomed to seeing them almost every day. They have become our closest friends of late. I will definitely miss them when this is all done."
That is when it hit us at the same time. "We can keep the friendships going after this is all said and done. We don't have to end it just because the thing that brought us together has ended," we said in unison.
We smiled, sighed and finished our drinks in silence. When we were finished Dhara smiled at me and said, "Why don't we go up to the room? It is a long night."
As I unlocked the door, I thought I heard something on the inside but it quickly faded so I thought that it must have been somewhere else. We walked into the room and started to get undressed. Dhara went into the restroom while I turned down the sheets. When she came out, I went in.
I heard Dhara say something, but was not sure what it was so I said, "What's that, My Love? I didn't understand what you said." She laughed and said that she had called down to cancel the wake-up call that she had left earlier. We were staying another night. 'She must have forgotten,' I thought to myself.
I came out of the bathroom and My Love was sitting on the bed flipping through the channels on the TV. "We cleaned up your squirt well, didn't we? I cannot even tell that it was on there anymore." She chuckled a little and said, "It was your entire fault you know. If you had not been so turned on by Damia and Terra maybe I wouldn't have had to squirt like that."
"Me? I am not the one that squirted the TV. That is the first time I have seen you squirt anywhere near like that. You must have been the one turned on by them!" We both laughed as I crawled into bed.
I heard a giggle come from Terra's room next door. "She must have found someone to entertain tonight," I stated and hunkered down into the bed.
"Must have!" Dhara said with a gentle laugh.
Chapter 5
The Reward
I could not have been asleep more than 10 minutes when I felt a hand start massaging my cock. I played possum for a bit and then I felt a mouth. I moaned lowly and rolled to my back to allow better access, but kept my eyes closed while enjoying the blow job.
'Man, I am lucky. I have had more blow jobs in the last six months than I had in the past three years!' I thought to myself.
I moaned again and slightly lifted my hips. I started to say something and felt someone's lips touch mine. I kissed deeply before realizing that it was second person. I quickly opened my eyes to see Dhara staring in my eyes with a huge smile on her face.
"You have always given to me; it is my turn to give to you," My Love said. "Besides, I have always told you that I fantasize watching you with other women. Now is our chance."
I looked beyond Dhara to see Damia enjoying herself as she sucked my cock. I grew harder almost instantly. It was surreal. I pulled Dhara in for a long passionate kiss. After a few seconds she pulled away and went and sat in a chair.
Terra came in and said, "Don't exhaust him; I want my turn as well. Plus, we have all night!" Then she sat on my face and starting stroking my cock while Damia continued sucking.
What a thrill. I went to town eating her. I could hear the room full of moans. I could feel Damia moaning on my cock. I could hear Terra whimpering as I probed the deep recesses of her pussy with my mouth and I could hear my own moans reverberating in her hot pussy.
After several minutes of this, Damia moved up and impaled herself on my cock. She eased down inch by inch until she engulfed me with her furnace. Terra continued riding my face as the two beautiful ladies started kissing. I was thrusting my cock into Damia while continuing my assault on Terra's pussy. I had never felt such an excitement as I was at this moment.
It was not long until Terra drenched me in her juices with a screaming orgasm. She ground her pussy all over my face for what seemed like minutes before just sitting on my face with her legs quivering and struggling to stay in place. I held tightly onto her hips as I continued to lap up all of her sweet juices.
I thrust hard into Damia and froze as I started shooting my load deep into her pussy. As soon as she felt my spasms, she started her own orgasm. She started riding me harder and harder as her orgasm took her.
Terra regained her composure and started passionately kissing Damia again and helped to maintain balance as wave after wave hit Damia. Terra had a second orgasm within minutes. As I slowly withered out of Terra the two ladies collapsed next to me.
I heard a moan come from Dhara; I looked over at her and saw that she had squirted really big again and could see the last few squirts from the spasms of her pussy. I got up and went to her. Watching her squirt got my cock hard again. I kissed her fully and passionately as she reached out and started stroking my cock again.
She took my cock into her mouth and started moaning and quivering again as she went into another orgasm. She stood up and bent over the bed and begged me to take her. I naturally complied. I stepped behind her and thrust my cock into her dripping pussy and started to ease in and out. I would bury myself to the hilt and slowly pull completely out and then thrust in again.
Soon Dhara was reaching for Damia, pulling her closer and started licking my cum out of her pussy. I had never seen or even suspected that Dhara would be remotely interested in sex with a female, but now I saw that it was something that she was more than willing to do. She went after Damia's pussy like it was a delicacy that would turn sour if left in the air too long. She seemed to savor the flavor.
Terra could not be left out as she sat on Damia's face and started kissing me. It was an awkward thing to do, but we wiggled around until it was easier and we all could get pleasure at the same time.
The room was filled with the sounds of sucking and fucking and moaning and screams as we each had our orgasms.
As Dhara came down from her orgasm she begged me to fuck her in the ass; I greatly obliged. This mesmerized both Terra and Damia. The watched intently as my cock stretched Dhara's ass as I plunged in and out. They started playing with each other's asses as they watched.
Soon I could tell that Damia had gotten a finger in Terra's ass as Terra moaned with that painful pleasure of the first intrusion of the anal sphincter. Damia soon was moaning as well as Terra inserted her finger.
Dhara had another orgasm listening to the two ladies moan and suggested that I now fuck Terra, since she had yet to be fucked.
Terra got on her hands and knees in the center of the bed as I knelt behind her. I slowly started rubbing my cock on her pussy taking time to excite her clit. She thrust her ass back to me begging me to put it in her ass.
"In due time, My Dear. I want to make sure you are completely ready. I am going to pound your pussy for a while first!"
Damia now was eating Dhara's pussy while Dhara was sitting back in her chair watching me and Terra.
I pounded Terra's tight little pussy for about five minutes before pulling out and lining my cock up with her asshole. I gently started leaning into her so I would not cause too much pain on entry.
I got just the head in and rested as her sphincter relaxed. I would then inch my cock into her ass slowly. When I was about half way into her, she begged me to finish and take it all the way. Before I could say anything, she thrust her hips back into me and buried my cock as far as it would go.
She screamed in painful lust as I started pounding my meat into her; slowly at first but building to a fast paced frenzy as we went. She loved this.
"OH YESSSSS! THAT'S IT. FUCK MY ASS! IT FEELS SOOO GOOD! I NEVER KNEW HOW GOOD IT WOULD FEEL! OH, OH, OH MY GOD, I'M CUMMING!" She was screaming and bouncing and panting all at the same time. I thought that she may hyperventilate.
I heard Dhara starting to breathe rapidly. "I'M CUMMING TOOOOOO!"
Damia gasped and jumped back. I was soon hit by the squirting of Dhara. Damia quickly jumped back in to capture the cum that was squirting from My Love. This made me lose all control and I shot a huge wad in Terra's ass. She started cumming again and screamed and buried her face into the pillow.
I collapsed onto the bed. My cock quickly withered away again.
We all slept together in our bed the rest of the night.
Chapter 6
The Cleansing
When I awoke, I heard the shower running. I had to pee badly, so I went on in to the bathroom to see My Love and Damia kissing in the shower. I peed and joined them. Dhara thanked me for the lovely evening and asked if we could continue throughout the day and into tomorrow. At that point Damia kissed Dhara more passionately than before.
I could not help myself; I reached around both Damia and Dhara as I thrust my now hard cock between Damia's legs. Damia turned her head and kissed me as I started fucking her from behind.
She turned to face the wall and my cock fell out. "That's ok; I want your lovely dick in another hole."
And then she lifted her lovely ass and presented it to me. Dhara turned off the shower and got on her knees and started to lick Damia's pussy as I entered her pucker hole.
I slowly entered, but she begged me not to be gentle. I slammed my cock into her ass. I could tell I was not the first thing inserted in her ass. I could feel Dhara's tongue as it flicked between Damia's cunt and my dick. It was such a turn on.
I did not feel the tongue anymore and wondered why. Then I knew. "I love how your asshole stretches out when he pulls out and then retreats back in as he pounds you. You must have a very tight asshole."
"It is tight, but not virgin," I stated.
"True, but I am really enjoying the feeling right now. Harder please. I am almost there!" Damia insisted.
"What's all the commotion in here? Can't a girl get a good night's sleep after being brought to beautiful orgasm after orgasm?" Terra was now joining us. She had tried to climb in the shower with us, but there was no room.
"Terra, why don't you and I go back to the bed and let Rodan and Damia finish up? They can join us when they are done."
"Can I get on my knees and then you can continue fucking my ass? I am afraid that my legs are starting to feel like spaghetti noodles."
"Be my guest! I plan on wearing you out some more before we join the other ladies!"
I re-inserted my cock in her ass and resumed pounding that lovely apple-shaped ass of hers.
"Why don't you get on your hands and knees? I want to taste that lovely ass of yours," I heard Terra telling My Love. Now I have been an ass-man all of my life, but that turned me on beyond belief.
"Not right now, I need to have an enema first. I am glad I brought the proper equipment. We will have to wait for them to finish, and then we all can have a good 'cleansing'!" was the reply.
That was it! I could not take it anymore and blew my load right into Damia's ass. That triggered her orgasm and she screamed as we climaxed together.
"I hear you're finished," laughed Dhara followed by Terra's low laugh. "GOOD! Now we can have some breakfast to regain our strength and move on the next course!" We all laughed at that.
We had room service bring up meals for all of us, then Terra and I showered as Dhara and Damia 'cleansed' themselves. When we got out of the shower it was our turn to get 'cleansed.'
Chapter 7
The Confession
"How did this all happen?" I asked. Not wanting to sound disappointed or overly excited. I was just curious. "I don't mind, don't get me wrong. But, how?"
"Do you remember the day we met Damia and Terra? Do you remember how we just about raped each other when we got home and forgot to close the door even before we were fucking each other's brains out?" My Love started.
"Remember how you thought that it was Tucker that had me so turned on? You were wrong. I saw how sexy these two ladies were and I saw that each was attracted to you. You know I have always fantasized about you fucking someone else while I watched...Well; I saw an opportunity and had to try to make it work without letting anyone in on it. I wasn't sure if it would ever play out or not, but I had to try.
"The more we worked together the more I could see their attraction to you and yours to them. You have always been a flirt and I don't mind that, as a matter of fact it turns me on to see you flirt with someone. When these girls started flirting back it made me decide to create a plan and see where it would lead us. I was getting very turned on by the thought. That is why you were getting the mind-blowing blow jobs that you rarely get.
"I played you hard in thinking that it was Tucker that was turning me on when in fact it was the thought of watching you fucking one of these ladies that had me so hot. My plan was to try to seduce both in hopes that one would take the bait.
"The night we went dancing, I wanted to see which lady was the one I needed to concentrate on the most. That is why I wanted you to dance with them most of the time. You made both of these two lovely ladies cum right there on the dance floor."
"Yes, he did! I never have cum without being touched like that!" Terra said. "That is when I knew I had to have you. I just had to figure out how I could do it. You are always so attentive to Dhara; I didn't think that I had a chance."
"That was my first orgasm without fucking outside of masturbation for me as well. I did not know what to do. I didn't know if it was intentional or accidental. I just knew that if you could do that to me dancing then I wanted to try it with sex with you. It was amazing!" Damia chimed in.
"I came too," Dhara said. "Watching you make them cum on the dance floor was very exciting! That is why I wanted to dance with you to country. It had been a long time since we had danced. You made me cum many times on the dance floor while we were dating and even after we were married. Somehow or another, we stopped dancing.
"I thought about it at home the day before we went to see the ballroom and concocted a plan to get us all out one night where we could end up dancing. When we got the vouchers for free rooms, I jumped on the opportunity right then and there.
"The following Monday I met with Damia over lunch to 'go over a few things.' We started talking about dancing with you and I saw the light in her eyes. I remembered her comment when we met that Friday in her office, remember? She locked everyone else out and told her assistant not to bother coming back. When I said that we should move to a more centralized location, she said, 'A CENTRAL location is just what I have in mind!' as she was staring a hole through your cock.
"I met with Terra the next day under the same guise. She flat out said that she came while dancing with you and asked if that was a common occurrence with you and me. I told her it used to be, but we had not danced in a long time. She said, 'Too bad! If I had someone who could make me cum like that, I would dance every night with him,' and laughed. I knew then that I would have one of them. I wasn't sure which one though."
"I see what your plan was, but I still do not see how you got them both here," I said.
"That was the hard part. How do you tell a lovely young lady that you want to watch her fuck your husband; especially when he dotes on you as much as you do to me? I had not thought of that part of it and had to figure it out.
"I set up more meetings with everyone to try to push past the awkwardness and get them to fully trust us. It worked well for the gala as well as for us. I still wasn't sure if I could convince them to join us tonight or not. Then this afternoon while we were eating and the conversation became suggestive, I threw in a few hints that I would like for them to join us. I didn't come right out and ask I just made suggestive comments."
"It was very clear that you would like us to join you," Damia interrupted. "When you said, 'you two make us so horny that we pretty much rape each other when you leave. I wonder what it would be like to watch you two fuck Rod,' Terra and I looked at each other with some surprise and smiled at each other."
"Wait a minute! I was at lunch with you three; I never heard any of what you just told me happen in that conversation. Why?" I interrupted.
"You were too busy trying not to be noticed after our rather noisy afternoon delight session," My Love responded. "I knew you couldn't hear, or at least wouldn't hear because that is how you are when you are embarrassed."
Damia continued, "I must confess, too; we had been trying to figure out a way to get you two to join us. You both turned us on the minute you walked into our offices. Dhara, you exude confidence and passion. Your eyes would seduce anyone that looks into them. We both make eye contact with everyone we meet. When I first looked into your eyes I was hooked. When I looked into Rodan' eyes I saw the love he has for you and could tell he would do anything to make you happy. When you left my office to go to Terra's I called her and asked her to let me know what she thought of you after you left."
"I knew you had sparked an interest in my roommate when she called," Terra said. She does not normally call when someone leaves her office to come to mine. The second you walked in the door I knew why she was calling. You two are sexy as hell individually, but absolutely stunning as a couple. That is why I decided to try and flirt back when you started flirting with me Rodan."
"Wait a minute! You're roommates?" questioned My Love.
"Yes, we are," responded Damia. "We had some pretty wild sessions when we would get home after spending time with you two as well; we don't normally do each other."
"Wow! I never knew that! I just thought you were two people that happened to work in the same line of work and became friends," I retorted.
Dhara continued, "Back to my story. When you were changing into your tux, Terra asked if we were swingers or something. I explained my plan to give you something any man would love to get. I then asked her to talk it over with Damia and for them to let me know once we got downstairs before the gala."
"So that is the whispering that you and Terra were doing while Damia and I kissed. Now I understand the tongue from Terra better."
"You slipped your tongue in? That would have been exciting to see the look on his face. I wish I would have known you were going to do that. I would have paid more attention. I now understand why he seemed to be somewhere else all night," responded My Love.
"I was lost all night trying to find a way to talk with her to let her know that I would never cheat on you! I am lost without you! You are the reason I live," I explained.
"When Terra and I whispered to each other she asked if tonight would be too soon. I got really excited and said, 'no sense wasting another night.' I could barely remember the parts of my speech. I visualized you helping me earlier and it got me through."
"Where do we go from here?" asked Damia
"Wherever you want to go, but no one must know and never one without the other. We are both there or neither is. We are both here now, so..." My Love announced.
We all got up and kissed and hugged. The kisses were electrifying!
"Your kiss is knee-buckling, Dhara. Rodan made me cum while dancing; you just about made me cum just kissing you. I probably would have cum if it would have lasted much longer. Your sex lives must be amazing. I am jealous," proclaimed Terra.
"Well, you are definitely a part of our sex life now, and you two definitely add excitement to our sex. We thank you for that," My Love commented.
A moan was heard loudly throughout the room as I was pounding into Damia as Dhara and Terra were talking. I quickly had got her undressed and ready. We were fucking like dogs in heat. I was very disappointed that I did not last very long before blowing my wad in her pussy. I wilted rather quickly as well.
Damia quickly joined the other two plunging into Dhara's pussy with her tongue from behind as Dhara lapped at Terra's puss. They maneuvered around to form a rather small daisy chain eating each other's pussies. It did not take long watching this to get hard again.
I slipped in between Terra and Damia and started eating Damia's puss while Terra sucked my cock.
The slurping and moaning filled the air. The smell of sexual arousal engulfed our noses. The electricity from our sexual arousal energized the air. We were in sexual heaven.
We sucked and fucked each other several more times that day, night and into the next day. We kissed each other goodbye and made plans to meet again on Wednesday to start our volunteer drive. We had 30 days to arrange all of the supplies and volunteers. We needed to get going on that.
Chapter 8
Volunteer Work
We met on the Wednesday following the gala at Damia's office. When we walked into the office, I could smell the anticipation. Damia's assistant was dressed rather sexily. She was dressed in a short red skirt with a pink sleeveless top. Her brown hair was pulled up from the front to fall down her shoulders in the back clipped there with a wooden barrette.
Damia was in her office with a rough draft of the volunteer proposal to the local service organizations.
CHEYENNE CANYON PUBLIC TRAIL
A COOPERATIVE PROJECT BETWEEN
COLORADO SPRINGS PARK AND RECREATION DEPARTMENT
AND THE EL PASO COUNTY PARKS AND RECREATION DEPARTMENT
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED
WORK TO BEGIN APRIL 22, 2012
EARTH DAY!
WE WILL NEED HUNDREDS OF VOLUNTEERS
WE WILL MEET AT THE TRAILHEAD AT 8:00 AM
TO GO OVER THE BRIEFING AND DIVIDE THE WORK
IF YOUR ORGANIZATION IS INTERESTED CALL
DAMIA OF EL PASO COUNTY PARK AND REC OFFICE 719-555-1325,
TERRA OF COLORADO SPRINGS PARK AND REC OFFICE 719-555-3467
OR
EVENT ORGANIZERS RODAN AND/OR DHARA AT 719-444-4433
"What do you think?" Damia asked. "My assistant Camena designed it. I know we need to do some finishing touches but it is an excellent place to start.
"I think it is wonderful!" Dhara stated. "It is simple, but concise. Maybe we need to spice it up with a little more detail and things that will draw a desire to volunteer. What do you think?"
I was lost in thought and agreed without knowing what I was agreeing too. The three laughed and told me to go somewhere that I could be useful. I was lost and they knew it and laughed again. Dhara told me to go talk with Terra and to bring a copy of the flier to get her thoughts on it. "I really want to know what she thinks so things had better get done!" she said with a smirk and a wink.
As I left I saw my lovely wife put her arm around Camena and Damia smiling at the two. My head was spinning again. 'What were they doing? Is she planning on bringing another into the group? This is getting out of control!' I began to wonder what Camena would be like in our group. Would she be offended by it or would she be very excited about it?
I didn't notice the light change to red because of my thoughts blocking out all reason and rational thought. I was clipped in the rear passenger side of the car and spun around hitting the traffic light pole in the process. I got out of the car, luckily not injured, and went to the other car to see if everyone was okay. The driver of the other car said he was all right and he was pretty sure that his wife was as well.
I said, "Good. Thank God! I am so sorry! I will call the police to report the accident and ask for an ambulance just in case." I quickly dialed 911 to report the accident and told them our location. I admitted to accidently running the red light once the police officer got there. The paramedics checked the two in the other car out while I talked with the police officer and vice versa.
I then called Dhara to tell her about the accident and let her know that everyone was all right. "I was beginning to worry because Terra called over half an hour ago wondering where you were. Are you sure you're all right? How about the car? Do I need to come and get you?"
"I am fine, just a little shaken up. The car on the other hand is pretty bad; probably totaled. It was completely all my fault. Thank God everyone was all right. I gave the other couple my number and insurance information and said to call if they need anything at all. Their car is definitely totaled; if not I will be surprised."
Dhara explained everything to Damia and Camena; all three came to get me. Terra showed up too. When they arrived I was talking with the officer again. It turned out that it was not completely my fault. It seems the other two were wanted fugitives from Texas and had been for seven years. They were driving way too fast for the light just changing. They were arrested and charged with reckless endangerment. I was cited for failure to yield. The insurance of the rental company that had rented them the car had to replace my car and pay for the ambulance call.
"You will do anything to get all of us in the same room, won't you," stated Terra as we walked into our house.
"You betcha, I will," I said and kissed her on the cheek. She looked at me in disbelief and grabbed my cheeks and kissed me good! "What about Camena?" I asked.
Dhara was laughing again and said, "It's all right, Honey. Camena is their roommate and knows all about us. Don't you, Dear," My Love said as she pulled Camena in for a kiss. Damia joined them and made it a three way kiss. I had never even heard of that, but it was definitely getting my attention.
Terra saw my reaction and grabbed my hand and said, "Let's get you cleaned up. You look a mess after that accident." She led me upstairs to the master bathroom and undressed me. I tried to help her undress but she would not let me. She said, "My patient needs to just sit back and let his nurse bathe him." I did as I was told as she started the water in the shower. She got undressed and told me to step in so she could get me cleaned. I once again obeyed.
She started by thoroughly washing my hair; making sure that she could wash the back of my head thoroughly, I lowered my head and she pressed up against me. I started licking her nipples. She giggled and said, "No! You cannot treat your nurse like that. You just let me do my job and then we will see what kind of rehab you need to do."
We finished the shower. "I have decided on your rehab; you need to sit back and let the four of us entertain you." We then walked into the master bedroom to find the others in a tangled mess; the sound of sucking and the aroma of sex filled the room. Terra quickly joined them and made sounds of her own.
"I am not sure what kind of rehab you are putting me through, but it is exciting and painful at the same time. What am I to do?"
"No pain, no gain!" was the reply I heard but could not tell from whom because it was muffled by the pussy in her face. "Just sit there! You stressed us all out too much today, we need the relief and you need your rest!"
"The hell I do!" I said as I got up and lifted My Love so I could eat her pussy. Then Camena started sucking my cock with a vengeance. This girl was very talented with her mouth. I started moaning in Dhara's pussy and she turned to Camena and said, "Man, you must be as good at sucking cock as you are at eating pussy. You are going to make my husband cum the fastest I have ever seen!"
That seemed to make her hornier as she increased her suction and motion and had me squirting my jism down her throat in seconds. Then she went and started rimming me. That was the first time that had ever happened, but it felt amazing and I was hard again in no time. That is when she turned me over to my back and started riding me cowgirl style. I reached up and started sucking and playing with her nipples; that seemed to drive her wild again and she started riding faster. She came in a matter of five minutes of riding me.
She then took my cock out of her pussy and quickly inserted it into her lovely ass and started riding me again. "I know you are an ass man and I just love to have my ass taken by a big cock like yours." I turned her over and started ramming my cock in and out of her ass while she lay on her belly; taking her like she likes.
Dhara, Damia and Terra were all sitting back and enjoying the show. They were fingering each other but would not take their eyes off of us. I did not mind as I kept pounding into that lovely ass of Camena. I looked over and saw them fingering each other and saw the swell of their breasts as they neared orgasm. "I'm cumming!!!" shouted Camena. I joined her orgasm with my own intense orgasm. I heard the definite sound of Dhara orgasming quickly followed by Terra. Damia said she needed a little help so I went over and dove my face right into her pussy and finished her off with my mouth.
"I am really enjoying our new lovers!" stated My Love. I agreed whole-heartedly.
Chapter 9
Earth Day
Earth Day was upon us. We had planned this project for 9 months now. Our fundraising event was a very good success that allowed us to have money left in an account for upkeep and additions almost equal to the amount we spent for this project. The plans were made. The volunteers were organized and the day was upon us to start the building of the Cheyenne Canyon Trail that was a joint project of the Colorado Springs Park and Recreation Office and the El Paso County Park and Recreation Office, organized by My Love, Dhara my wife of 26 years, and me.
We had quite a bit of help from Damia, the head of the El Paso County Park and Recreation Office, her assistant Camena and Terra, the assistant to the head of the Colorado Spring Park and Recreation Office. They were very instrumental in all aspects of the project. We thanked them at the fundraising gala and would again at the ceremony to start the construction of the trail at 9:00 AM this morning.
"My husband Rodan and I would like to thank everyone here for giving their time and money to be here today. We know this is a lot of work, but thanks to all 653 of you wonderful volunteers we think that we can finish the project today. We have divided each of you into groups of 10 and appointed a lead volunteer. We have mapped out the area that you are to work in and set aside the materials that you will need for your section and labeled them with the lead volunteer's name to make it easier for you. We will have lunch here at the trailhead at noon, so be sure to make it; you will not be disappointed.
"Before we go any further, I would like to give a special thank you to three ladies that without their help, this project would not be near as organized. Damia, Terra and Camena, please come up here and join us," My Love said and then presented each of the ladies with a gift card for a free day at the spa with any and all treatments they desired and then we each kissed them on the cheeks.
After a small round of applause everyone set off to start their respective sections of the trail. Our section was the furthest from the starting point. We worked very hard all morning before joining everyone for lunch, which was catered by one of the master chefs of the region for the cost of food only. He volunteered his staff's time and supplies. The meal was very delicious and was not too heavy to be able to continue working the afternoon.
We expected the project to last until 5:00 but everyone was finished with their respective parts by 3:30. Everyone helped load tools, left over supplies and scraps onto the truck to be brought to the yard so that it would be available for any upkeep or additions later down the road. They also helped load the trash into the dumpsters so that it could be hauled off. Everyone was gone by 4:30.
I suggested to Dhara that we be the first to hike the new trail. We started off holding hands and talking about the project and the work that we had put into it. We both stated that we were tired and would welcome the time together that we had lost for the last nine months. We talked about taking a vacation and possible destinations. We really enjoyed being alone together and relished each other's company. It had been forever since it was just the two of us and we were lost in the presence of each other.
Soon we found ourselves at the section that we had built. We stopped and sat on the bench that I had created out of logs for people to rest on. This was not only the furthest from the trailhead; it was also the highest part of the trail. We sat there still holding hands and talking and feeling a good sense of accomplishment. I leaned over and kissed My Love passionately and hugged her tight.
"You want to break this trail in right?" Dhara asked and winked at me with that come on and get me look that drives a man wild. She kissed me again with so much passion that I thought that I was going to cum right then and there.
"Do bears do it in the woods?" I responded. We slowly undressed each other, taking our time to drink the other in. I kissed her again and worked my way to her ears, nibbling on them a bit. Then I progressed down to her neck and then slowly to her shoulders. She started to moan and quiver. I worked down to her tits and kissed their entirety before starting to suck her nipples. She reached out and started stroking my cock. I worked my way down to her belly button and inserted my tongue there.
"You are driving me crazy, Rod!" Dhara said as she was panting. "I want you in me now!"
"You will have to wait. I want to make love to you right now, right here. We can go with reckless abandonment a little later."
I continued my slow love-making and brought her to a couple of orgasms before I inserted my cock into her sopping wet pussy. It was like a furnace! She was really working her pussy muscles on my cock. She was milking me for all I was worth. I came after about ten minutes of her master technique in love-making.
"That was sweet, yet hot!" I heard someone say from behind us. We quickly grabbed our clothes to hide our bodies from whoever snuck up on us. We looked around and saw that Damia, Terra and Camena were naked on the trail. We dropped our clothes.
"When did you ladies show up?" I asked.
"We have been watching you the entire time," Camena stated matter-of-factly.
"Why didn't you say something?" My Love asked
"You two seemed to be really enjoying each other's company and looked like you needed to be alone for a while," Terra responded. "Besides, we have monopolized your sex life for nine months now; it was time to let you have it to yourselves."
"Oh, you think we only had sex when you ladies were around, do ya?" I asked chuckling.
"We know you only had sex while we were around," Damia added. "We have seen everything you do since the day we met in my office."
"You have been spying on us!?" My Love seemed very angry at the thought. "We trusted you! We took you in and made love with each of you. Not to mention the wild sex we had all together!" She seemed indignant at this point.
"No, we have not been spying on you! We knew what you were planning and loved it. So we took the place of the people you would work with to make sure your dream, which we all share, became a reality," Camena responded.
"I am confused!" I stated. "What do you mean, 'So we took the places of the people you would work with to make sure your dream, which we all share, became a reality?' Whose places did you take? You mean you don't work in the positions we thought?"
"Yes and no. We did work in those positions and we don't," Terra replied. "You see, we are not what you think." Now that made me even more confused.
"What do you mean?" Dhara asked.
"I am the goddess of Poetry and Song," stated Camena. "I came to you because of the beautiful poetry that is your life. You two are made for each other and you welcomed my fellow goddesses. Damia is the earth goddess and Terra is Mother Earth."
"We came to you because of your devotion to the earth and the passion that you carry for it. We wanted to repay you for your dedication by making sure that whatever you desired you received," Damia added.
"Dhara, did you know that your name means 'the earth' in Hindi? That is why you have such a passion for the earth; it is a part of you. Your desires are communicated through both Damia and I," continued Terra. We knew every desire in your heart and saw that they were true. You have wanted to improve the environment around you since you were a young girl picking up trash in your neighborhood and convincing the other kids to help."
"Rodan, your name means 'fertile earth' in Serbian," added Damia. "Your heart has always desired to improve your environment by planting all kinds of different plants; that is why you became a horticulturist. You both are awesome people that would do anything in the world for each other. Your love for each other is amazing."
"We have let the people that we replaced have the memories of the planning and the event; that is it. You can choose to have the same memories or you can keep the memories as they are. We truly love the two of you and will miss our time together," Camena said.
"We love you too and do not want to lose these precious memories. What you brought to our lives has made us fall even more into love, if that makes any since," My Love said. "I truly love the three of you as if you were a part of Rod."
"I agree. When I make love to you, I feel that my heart falls more in love with Dhara," I stated. "I have felt that since the first time we had sex. I thought it was in my imagination; I could not explain it to myself then, or can I now."
"Why can't we continue our relationship since we all feel the same?" asked My Love.
"We cannot; we have to go back to our realm tonight. Our mission is finished. We are very saddened by it," answered Terra.
"We can come back every Earth Day from here on out since it was Earth Day that brought us to you," Camena added.
"What time do you have to go back to your realm?" I asked. "We would love to spend as much time with you as we can."
"We have until midnight. That is why we came here to see you. We want to spend as much time with you as we can. We want to spend the last few hours making love with you both. We will come back every Earth Day as long as you want and spend the entire day making love with you. How does that sound?" asked Camena.
"Like heaven!" was all that My Love could say as she hugged them all.
We made slow passionate love to each and every one right up until 11:00. We spent the last hour talking about the plans for the future and planning our next 'project.'