First let me thank you all for the votes and emails. And as I've said before, this is not meant to be the next great novel, so if that's what you're looking for, I'm sorry to disappoint. I'm sorry it has taken so long to post this, but my semi retired boss got bored, and all of a sudden there is money to be made. With that in mind, if you haven't read all of the previous chapters, I suggest you do so before proceeding.
If I haven't already scared you off, I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I do writing it. All mistakes are mine. All people, places and institutions are made up, this story in no way reflects reality and any similarities to it are coincidental. Enjoy.
*****
Chapter 09
Mason had hoped to take a longer ride with Pat on Veterans Day, but by Tuesday morning it was pretty clear it wasn't going to happen. A massive storm front was threatening the east coast and was expected to hit them by that evening. When Mason's Chevelle got pelted by marble sized hailstones on his way home from school, it just drove the point home. Pat agreed when Mason called him, saying bikes and weather never mixed well, but that he wanted to come out and see Mason the next day anyway, saying something about a turkey run down in Daytona.
They'd finally heard from Allan the night before, he and Aida were in Scossicci, Italy. It was on the east coast, a bit touristy like all of Italy, but Aida's family was there. Had been for centuries. Allan was surprised that Brigid was upset at not getting an invite to the wedding, and they were all surprised to learn that Allan had taken Aida's last name. But as he explained it, his family had become estranged over the years, and they'd been in America so many generations they no longer even knew what part of Scotland they were from. While Aida had a close and loving family that was steeped in heritage. Both of them were old enough that they weren't likely to have children at that point, so he'd wanted to join her family. After hearing this, Brigid forgave him the invitation.
They were returning to the states before Thanksgiving, but would be spending some time in Charleston, so that Allan could start moving the office to the Boston area. He was hoping the people who actually worked out of the office would be willing to move with it. Luckily most of the employees already lived in other parts of the country or abroad, but he had two associates and his secretary that he didn't want to lose. Mason told him to offer whatever incentives he needed to. Saying the extra rooms at the hall were available to use until something more permanent was found, for anyone that agreed to relocate. Allan and Aida would stay in her apartment while his house sold, then look for a place to buy. Mason wished him luck, remembering his own dismal time with the local realtors.
Jess was sitting at the table with Marcus and Cindy. She'd missed dinner, but had happily accepted a bowl of the beef stew Katey had prepared, as well as a couple of soft rolls when she came in from the breaking storm. Marcus was telling Cindy the story of King Fiachna the Blonde and his army being decimated by a huge black ram, and how they had been forced to climb trees to escape death from the woolly monster. Jess was having a hard time keeping a straight face.
Her cell rang and listening to it briefly she turned to Mason. "Abigail Turner is at the gate." She told him, then told the guards to let her through at his nod. Mason got up and crossed to the door, wondering if he'd ever get used to dealing with the new security measures. Brigid joined him, she had only met Abby once, when Mason had talked to her about using the truck from the dealership, but she'd heard the stories. They stood in the doorway and watched her little Fiat Spider come up the drive, a huge umbrella proceeding Abby out of the car and all but hiding her as she ran up the steps.
"It's getting bad out there." She told them as Brigid helped her out of her coat, hanging it with the dripping umbrella by the door. "Not much chance of selling anything at the dealership in this weather, and I didn't feel like sitting at home. So I came to see how things are shaping up around here." She sounded half apologetic, but visibly relaxed when Mason grinned at her.
"Well your always welcome here." Brigid assured her, then offered her a bowl of the stew. So Mason introduced her to the others at the table, while Brigid went to get her some.
Abby blushed at the slow smile that crept across Marcus' face as he stood to greet her. "Sometimes I wonder at the boy," Marcus told her, shaking his head sadly, "he's mentioned you a half-dozen times, but forgotten to warn me of your beauty. Now I'll be walking into trees and such, my mind all befuddled by it."
Abby's smile was radiant. "Well, I can see where Mason got his charm," she told him, "he couldn't be around that much bullshit without stepping in some of it." But she took the open seat next to him when he pulled it out for her. "Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on you. I wouldn't want you to hurt yourself too badly."
Cindy waited until Abby had her food and was eating, before asking Marcus how Fiachna the Blonde had defeated the ram. Abby listened to the tale as she ate, interrupting at one point to clarify that it was Mananann, son of Lir, the lord of the seas, that slew the ram. And grinning when Marcus looked at her again, this time speculative, before telling Cindy that she was right.
"Mananann took a night with Fiachna's wife as his reward." Abby went on to tell Cindy. "Going to her in the guise of her husband and leaving her with a son that became king of all Ulster. The story probably contributed to all the Arthurian romances."
Cybil and the others slowly joined them as the evening went along and they finished their respective homework assignments. There was a lot of grumbling about the storm ruining any outside plans for their day off until Cybil suggested they have a hurricane party the next day.
"It'll be cool," she enthused, "we can have a barbecue and swim. I snuck in after the workers left earlier and the pool water is warm. I don't see why we should waste the day off." Mason just grinned, it never ceased to amaze him how easily Cybil found ways to have fun. When Marcus found out that there were two lamb hind quarters in the freezer, he kissed a surprised Katey on her forehead and told her to lead the way, wanting to get them out to thaw.
***
Eric Braden sat in the back corner of the pub forcing himself to eat the plate of bacon and colcannon. Only the Irish would mix potatoes and cabbage and consider it worth eating at every meal. He needed something in his stomach besides the three beers he'd had to drink while waiting though. At least he was done there, though the news he had for Ben wasn't good. He was sure he knew which Brian Meyer was the one Maslow had alluded to. It seemed a former PIRA lieutenant that went by that name was now a cabinet minister. Worse, he was a minister without portfolio, which meant he didn't have a public position, that whatever he did for those that were in power, it was covert and he was good at it.
In the morning, he'd catch his flight to Kabul, then hop over to the Bagram Airfield. He was going to be part of a supply escort going into the Tora Bora region of Nangarhar Province. It was a hot bed of ISIS activity, and a very dangerous part of the world. But at least he'd get to see his wife, she'd been in country for months looking at ISIS members through her scope.
***
Jess took a perch on one of the bar stools and watched as they worked out their plans for the next days hurricane party. They were a very inclusive bunch, and she had needed to separate herself a bit. Remind herself that she was there to work, not plot ways to get Brigid alone again, or maybe the little firecracker. She thought her relationship with David was over. It had worked when she was gone most of the time, but now that she was going to be stuck at home, she couldn't see herself putting up with his neediness. Noticing that she was fingering the scar, she forced herself to stop. That was another reason she didn't think she could stay with him, he said he didn't mind the scar left behind by a tumbling piece of shrapnel, but she saw the looks he tried to hide. It had taken half her ear as well, but she knew she was lucky, an inch to the right, and well. She forced her shoulders to relax, there had been enough dead that day.
She was grateful that Ben had given her this assignment, and hoped to make it her permanent duty. She'd lose her LEOSA status in another four months or so and with it much of her usefulness to Walker Security. But the loss of hearing in her ear, while not total, was enough to make her a liability in the field.
When Mason and Marcus got bundled up to go out to the pool, Jess slipped back into her own coat to tag along. Danny followed them to the fire door, but took one look outside and decided the humans were crazy.
The short run to the patio door convinced Mason that the covered walk needed sides as the cold rain whipping across their path soaked into his jeans. Of course, when they'd planned it, the idea had been to shade the walkway, not deal with weather like this. The sight of the heavy plastic covering much of the exterior and the sound of it snapping in the wind, didn't bode well for the next day. The dim interior of the building was warm though and he sighed as Marcus slipped in passed him.
Jess started flipping switches beside the door, the lights coming on to give Mason his first real look at the patio he'd envisioned. With the exception of a huge tarp covering the pool, its edges held by sandbags, there were no signs that the interior still needed work. Crossing to the corner of the it, he rolled the bag off and folded it back. He could tell beforehand that there was water supporting the tarp, but now he sighed again as he dipped a hand in and found the water warm and inviting. He was quickly joined by Marcus and Jess as he started along the edge rolling the bags off the blue plastic, leaving the ones on the far end where they were. Then he and Jess each grabbed a corner and began walking, folding it back upon itself, then again from the middle until the had the massive tarp lying in a long roll against the back wall.
Mason decided it was definitely warm enough inside the building when he caught himself wiping sweat from his brow with his sleeve after tossing the last sandbag on top of the rolled tarp. Looking at Jess as she joined him, he saw that she too had broken a sweat, and had already shed her coat, her impressive chest framed by the straps of her shoulder holster trapping his eyes and his imagination for a moment like it always did. "I think maybe I should find the thermostat." He told her with a guilty grin and slight shrug when he realized she'd caught him dreaming.
Marcus was busy breaking open bundles of oak firewood. Mason had wanted to buy a cord of it, but couldn't find anyone selling it that way. So had settled for a dozen of the small banded bundles outside the local supermarket, all that had fit in the trunk of the Chevelle. He had spotted some black oaks towards the back of the property, and knew Marcus wouldn't want the sheep getting to the acorns, so they would probably be taking them down anyway. That would keep Marcus cooking for years.
Mason found the thermostat set at eighty and dialed it back to the low seventies, then went to check on the reach-in refrigerator and the ranges, making sure they were operational for the next day.
They all turned and looked as Cybil slipped in, the noise of the rain and wind dying again as she pushed the door closed. She hadn't bothered with a jacket, and her t-shirt was plastered to her chest. Her whole body shuddered almost comically as she turned from the door and crossed to the pool to run her fingers through the water, a smile lighting her face as she felt how warm it was. The three of them watched as she pealed out of the wet t-shirt and started on her jeans, her sneakers coming off as she dropped the pants on top of them. Marcus finally managed to pull his eyes away as she disappeared under the water's surface, shaking himself and feeling guilty for watching.
Mason felt a brief pang of sympathy for his old friend, then shook it off. He wanted Marcus there with them, not back in Charleston, but he also wanted Cybil and the others to feel free around the hall, so Marcus would just have to get used to it. He walked over and inspected the fire pit, noting the careful placement of oak Marcus had already started laying in it for the next days bed of coals.
"Your going to have to get used to it." He told him quietly, glancing back at the pool where Cybil stood trying to coax Jess into joining her. Her bare back to them. "Brigid isn't the only one anymore." and Marcus grunted, then allowed himself another look, just as Cybil twisted to look over at them.
"It's damned distracting." He complained, but there was half a grin on his face.
"She certainly is." Mason agreed and shared a laugh with him.
"This is quite the place your building here Mason." Marcus told him as he reached for another stick of oak. "I can see how it's brought my Brigid back to life. How you have, she was getting too old, too fast. She brought me to Charleston because she worried about you. But I soon saw that you'd be fine, it was her I began to worry about." He fell silent for a bit as he rearranged a few pieces so it suited him better. "I don't know what the two of you have planned for the future, but I can see that the wee one is going to be part of it."
"She loves Brigid too." Mason told him and Marcus nodded.
"Aye, she might be a mischievous little nymph, but she has a good heart and a lot of love for those around her." Marcus agreed, his eyes going round as Cybil ducked under the water, and her legs came out as she did a handstand. Showing Marcus more than he'd ever figured he'd see. "Just so you all keep each other in mind." Marcus told him as he turned back to his task.
"I will." Mason promised him, and promised himself as well.
Jess was damn tempted to join the girl, and she had to admit it was one more reason she needed to be done with David, she couldn't tell him. Oh, he'd love to hear all about it, but she knew he'd soon resent her if he didn't get included. And he wouldn't fit in around there. He didn't have it in him to behave like Mason, to be satisfied with what was given. She still thought wistfully about that first day, the way Mason had taken Brigid, taken them both with such passion. How he'd looked at her with those deep blue eyes, the hunger in them, but the control in them as well. David would never have walked away that day. The sight of Cybil doing the hand stand, her legs falling open briefly before she lost her balance and went back under, pulled Jess back. Made her lick her lips.
Marcus finally admitted to himself that he'd put twice as much wood in the pit as he'd need the next day. And wondered if Mason had noticed as he pulled the stainless cover down. He'd redo it in the morning when he came out to light it. By the afternoon, he'd have a nice bed of coals and a newly seasoned grill. "I guess that will do." He muttered, then headed toward the door, knowing Mason would stay. Grinning and shaking his head at Cybil as she stood in the shallow end, her small pink nipples dripping and invited him to come swimming.
Jess watched him leave, then watched as Mason stepped over to one of the red picnic tables and tossed his coat onto it. She only vaguely heard Cybil's cheers as he began pulling the sweater he wore over his head, his heavy muscles coming into view, her nipples getting tight, and she didn't see the smile Cybil had as she watched her watch Mason.
Mason's eyes found her watching as he shoved the jeans down his hips, a slow smile crossing his face as his cock came free and she licked her lips. Just to be ornery, he took hold of it and gave it a tug as he spread his thighs, his balls pulling forward before he straightened and let it all settle back into a more comfortable position.
"Come on." Cybil called, splashing water onto the tiles in his direction. Giving Jess his best imitation of the know little smirk she'd given him earlier, he ran and dove into the pool, coming up under Cybil to toss her screaming a dozen feet closer to the deep end. She doubled back under the water and came up right in front of him, a smile on her face. "Again!" Instead, he picked her up and kissed her, her knees closing on his hips.
"Did I chase Marcus off?" she asked him after the kiss.
"I think he's getting used to you." Mason tried to reassure her.
"I hope not." She told him, wiggling her hips as she felt Mason come alive under her. He just laughed and slid his hands down to hold her ass as she reached back with one hand to grip him under the water. "He's safe though," she said as she lined him up, her eyes finding Jess over his shoulder. "I'd never do that to Brigid. Besides, he might be my father in-law someday." But it was her turn to smirk as he started to smile. "When I ask Brigid to marry me." She finished, and she was giggling at him as she impaled herself on his cock.
Jess understood the invitation Cybil was sending her with the look, the challenge. She watched as the flush infused the girl's giggling face, and guessed she now had Mason's fat cock in her. It was definitely getting too hot in there, her own longing to slip into the cool water not helping her resistance. Admitting that her time with David was truly over was the only thing that gave her pause, knowing if she got in there, she was going to fuck the boy, that she wasn't going to pass on that a second time. She didn't remember dropping her jacket on the table, only realizing she had, when she laid her shoulder harness on top of it. Her chest constricting briefly as she realized she'd made her choice.
She gathered her shirt and pulled her left arm out, then stripped it off over her head. Her labored breathing easing as she watched the two of them start moving, saw the flexing of Mason's ass just under the water's surface. She squatted, pushing her pants down around her boot tops, fingers plucking at laces unseen, finally sitting on the tile so she could fight with the boots, a small laugh floating to her ears from the pool. Once her legs were free, she rose and walked to the top of the steps, absently popping the front clasp of her bra, then letting it hang open as she pushed the white cotton off her hips, stepping out of the panties before going down the steps, the cool water climbing her legs, the bra flung back over her shoulder to land forgotten.
Jess waded up behind Mason, leaning in to press her lips to his skin, her tongue following the cleft where his trapezius came together at his spine. Her hands exploring the hard edges of him, the taper of his sides as they slimmed to his hips. She slipped around them, her left hand following the top of Cybil's thigh, then up her back to her neck, pulling her around for a kiss, Mason's breath in her ear, his body flexing, sending gentle wavelets that washed against her. She continued around, breaking the kiss reluctantly, her hands scooping water up Cybil's back before she pressed herself to the girl, her breasts spreading against Cybil's slick skin as she kissed her neck. One hand running down under, finding them, fingers splitting to ride along the sides of him as he slid in and out of her.
Jess looked up and found Mason studying her, his deep blue eyes steady, hungry. She turned her head, turned the scar away, but he frowned, his hand coming up to her cheek, cupping it. She felt him gently push at it, his eyes searching, and she let him look, her breath stopping as she watched his eyes, watched for the flinch or the sympathy. She felt his finger trace the lines, her hair being brushed back as he felt where her ear once was. She didn't see it, no pity, no false pain. He looked, and she knew he actually saw her, that she would never catch him pretending he didn't. Then his thumb caught the tear that was on her cheek, and he pulled her closer, his lips finding hers.
As they kissed, Cybil started thrusting against Mason, an orgasm just on the edge for her when Mason had stopped. It rushed up again as he got the message and moved his hips, though he continued to kiss Jess over her shoulder. The both of them sandwiching Cybil as she started shaking, her forehead against Mason's neck as Jess slipped the two fingers in along side Mason's cock, started thrusting them in a stukado rhythm that countered Mason's steady one, Cybil vowing to repay her, even as she tried to breath with a chest suddenly devoid of air, locked in a trembling spasm of pleasure.
Mason let the kiss slip away as he started taking longer strokes, enjoying the extra tightness and the feel of Jess' knuckles riding the underside of his cock as he slid by them. Jess switching her full attention to Cybil, sliding her other hand down in between her and Mason to find her clit and begin working it too.
They both concentrated her, Mason grimacing when Cybil bit his shoulder. But she soon let loose as she struggled to breath, only managing small gasps that reemerged as guttural grunts. Soon she started convulsing, making little plaintive hiccup noises as her arms tightened around his neck, her head lolling against him. He kept thrusting until he felt her shaking her head, heard her quiet plea for mercy as her arms went slack and she sagged between them. Jess heard it too, and let her hands slip free as Mason turned and carried Cybil to the edge, laying her gently on the tiles and brushing the bangs from her eyes. "You okay?" and she grinned at him weakly.
Reaching up to pull him down to her, she kissed him, then nodded towards Jess. "Get her." She told him.
Jess took off swimming for the steps, Mason pushing through the water behind her. Cybil's weak laughter joining hers as she managed to get up the steps and out of the pool with inches to spare as Mason lunged for her. She ran around the corner passed Cybil, Mason right on her heels, then did a stutter step and spun to the left as he reached for her again. Diving back into the pool as he took a couple extra steps then threw himself in after her.
Jess came up next to Cybil and tried to crawl out over her laughing, but Mason caught her and Cybil pushed her back into the pool, into Mason's arms. Cybil sat up, and now it was Jess that was sandwiched between them. Jess pulling Cybil's mouth down to kiss as Mason's big hands slid around and found her heavy breasts, his hard cock against her hip. She let herself get lost in the kiss, the feel of his hard body against her, the long fingers spanning her tits. Groaning against Cybil's lips as one of his hands slid down her stomach, thick fingers working between her thighs, seeking, pushing between engorged, sensitive lips. She pushed back against him, spreading her legs as her hand dropped to take hold of the cock, bending it down and pulling it towards where she wanted it, needed it. Sucking in a deep breath as she got him started and he pushed up into her, filled her, her toes losing the bottom of the pool as he lifted her with it.
Cybil broke the kiss, pushing Jess' mouth to one of her nipples as she watched Mason fuck her. Watched as the pool water sloshed up Jess' back to run off the sides at every thrust. Held Jess to her chest as she reached down with the other hand and gripped a nipple, twisting it, pinching the hard rubbery nub, trying to read what Jess liked, to learn this new playmate.
Gripping her hair, Cybil pulled Jess' head back, leaning down to whisper in her good ear. "You like my cock?" Jess nodded slightly, pulling weakly at Cybil's grip in her hair. "It's fat, isn't it?" another gasp of assent. "Can it cum in you?" another nod, eyes opening to find hers. "Should I have Mason fuck you harder with it? Would you like that?" Jess only moaned in answer and Cybil laughed as Mason took that as his cue to speed up. Cradling Jess' head as her eyes rolled back and it fell forward, Cybil enjoyed the show, thrilled by the sight of Mason handling another body as easily as he did her own, her smile growing as a long low moan escaped Jess' control and her finger dug into Cybil's thighs.
Mason held Jess as she contorted in his hands, the pool water that had splashed out on the tiles slowly spreading out. Held himself buried in her, enjoying the spasms that gripped his cock. Cybil cradled her head, while the fingers of her other hand combed through Jess' hair like she was caressing a favorite pet as the woman slowly relaxed.
"Bring her over to one of the tables." Cybil told him after a long moment, her head coming up so she could catch his eyes, and he let himself slide from Jess, then lifted her in his arms as he waded to the steps and out. Cybil climbed to her feet and walked to one of the red concrete tables, motioning for Mason to lay Jess out on it. Mason did, Jess watching them with a half-dazed smile as he pulled her to the edge and lined himself back up, Cybil leaning close to watch him push her cock back into Jess.
"That's it, fuck her." She murmured in a dreamy little voice, her fingers twisting her own little nipples. "Fill her with cum for me." and she licked her lips. She felt Jess touch her arm and looked back at her, turning to lean down and kiss her again. Her shoulder against the soft mound of Jess' massive tit. "Welcome to the hall." She told Jess as she too caressed the scar along the side of her face, then bent to lightly kiss it.
Mason pulled Jess' thighs up against him, her ankles by his ears, and started seeking his own release. His pelvis slapping her ass, rocking her body atop the table at each thrust. He watched her big tits build a momentum of their own, seeming to move opposite to the rest of her. He could feel it coming, that faint spark igniting somewhere deep within him that would start the blaze, would shrink the skin and squeeze his nuts. The surge growing out of control until it broke loose and he came, flooded her, watched her eyes open wide then close as a smile spread.
When he stepped back, sliding from her, Cybil took his place. Her tongue driving the air from Jess' lungs. Mason grinned and took her seat on the bench, reaching to smooth Jess' hair from her forehead, leaning in to share a kiss as she turned towards him.
***
Becky wanted to watch. She was sitting there listening to Marcus and Abby talk, and she realized she wanted to see him fuck her. And she wanted to see for herself if the old gal could deepthroat like Cybil claimed. When Cindy got up and wandered over to the piano with Brigid, Becky moved in.
Marcus gave her one slightly uneasy look that made her grin, then turned back to Abby. She nodded to Becky, then went on, quickly loosing Becky. "When fiat introduced the 132 type engine for the 124s, all you had to do to get it rally ready was bore it out to 84mm, and throw in some lancia beta pistons to give it around 10-1 compression. A 130 head gasket. lighter fly-wheel, baffled sump, oil cooler, electric fuel pump upgrade. Some good exhaust," she shrugged, and Marcus nodded. "The clutch and gearbox are the known weaknesses in all 124 models, so I used the stronger 131 type with some modification to the shift tower to allow for positioning. With the piper fast road cam, and twin 45 carbs, it produces around 155bhp."
"It sounds like she's a beauty." Marcus congratulated her. "You'll have to show her to me tomorrow."
"It's a date." Abby told him with a grin. "And you can show me the GTO Mason told me was around here somewhere, you gotta love a car with a big back seat. It's the one failing in my baby." She laughed.
Never one to beat about the bush, Becky decided to get right to it when there was a break in the car talk. "Would you show me?" she asked Abby.
"Sure, you can look at it when I show Marcus." Abby told her, used to people wanting to look at the Spider.
Becky shook her head and grinned. "No, I was thinking more along the lines of how to deepthroat." Abby looked a little startled and glanced at Marcus, who was already about half way out of his chair. "Don't run off," Becky told him, taking his arm and pulling him back down, "if she agrees, we're going to need that cock of yours." Marcus sat, but he looked anything but comfortable.
"I take it someone was a little talkative?" Abby asked Becky, not really upset, just surprised and more than a little intrigued by this turn of events.
Becky just laughed, "There aren't any secrets around this place. Everybody knows everything that happens." She told Abby. "Like I'm sure they're all aware that I've spent more than a few nights with Marcus here putting the Irish to me."
Abby looked at Marcus and raised an eyebrow, then laughed at the blush and half grin he gave back to her. "And here you've had me talking cars." she shook her head. Then turned to Becky. "So you wanna learn to deepthroat?" She asked her, and went on at her eager nod. "Are you any good at sucking a cock?" Then looking at Marcus. "Well?"
Marcus looked a little sheepish, and shrugged. "She does a sound job of it, but my Neve never did that." He grimaced. "So I've nothing to compare it with."
"Well then, how big are you?" She asked frankly, and smiled as his face colored, before turning to Becky. "Ninety percent of men aren't really long enough to deepthroat." She explained, reaching over to squeeze Marcus' hand. "There's nothing wrong with it, but if a man is only five or six inches, any woman with a little enthusiasm should be able to take it all, but there's not much throating involved."
Becky grinned at her and winked at Marcus. "Marcus here has plenty of Irish pride."
Abby looked back at him intrigued, not letting go of his hand, then asked. "Are we doing this here?" Becky laughed and stood, taking Marcus' other hand and pulling him towards the stars, watching Abby over her shoulder as she fell in behind them.
Cindy watched them go up the steps, then turned to Brigid. "With Marcus?" she asked, "Both of them?" and Brigid started laughing.
"I'm sure my father has all the same equipment as any other man. And a better heart than most." She told her, pulling her into a hug.
Brigid looked down the hall a moment later when she heard a female squeal, and saw Mason carrying a naked dripping Cybil in his arms, while Jess seemed to be making sure the fire door was latched. She watched as they spoke for a moment, wondering what she had missed out on, then Mason stepped into the birdcage and Jess came on down the hallway. She blushed a little when she saw Brigid watching her, then deeper when Brigid grinned at her, knowing there was no telling what kind of mischief Cybil had just gotten the woman into.
"You leaving?" Brigid asked her, when it became clear she wasn't stopping, and Jess froze. Then seemed to square her shoulders.
"I've got to go have a talk with a car salesman." She told Brigid, hoping she'd understand, and relaxed a little when Brigid nodded, understanding in her green eyes. Jess needed to do it that night, David deserved that much at least. And it wasn't something one did over the phone.
Brigid watched her go out, then leaned over to kiss Cindy on her brow. "I'll see you in the morning sweets." She told her, then headed upstairs.
***
Shelby finished another of the endless applied engineering papers her professor gave out and closed the reference book with a tired but satisfied thump. She was hungry, only having eaten a small bowl of the stew earlier, so she headed downstairs. That was one thing about her new life, there was always something to eat in the kitchen. At the top of the stairs she paused to let Becky and Marcus pass, followed by Abby. She was a little surprised to see Becky holding Marcus' hand and the way he seemed to be avoiding looking at her. Usually Marcus was the soul of courtesy, if not down right flirtatious and teasing with that heavy Irish brogue he liked to charm you with.
Distracted from her hunger, she turned and watched them stop outside Becky's door, and felt herself start blushing, suddenly understanding and glad Marcus hadn't met her eyes. All sorts of images flickering through her mind as Abby followed Marcus into Becky's room, and then she was mortified to realize Becky was looking right at her with a knowing grin on her face.
"You coming?" Becky asked her, that grin getting wider at what Shelby was sure must be a look of panic on her own face, because that's what it was.
"What?" She blurted.
"Abby's going to show me how to deepthroat Marcus' cock. You wanna watch?"
Shelby was trying to formulate an escape, at the same time she realized that she actually did want to watch, very much. "You won't tell my dad?" she asked quietly, inching closer. She knew Becky and he were also fooling around.
"I promise." Becky told her, crossing her heart, then stretching the hand out to guiding her into the room before closing the door behind them. Marcus was sitting on the edge of the bed, Abby undoing the buttons of his shirt. Shelby saw them and started to panic, stepping backward into Becky, who wrapped her arms around the slender girls waist and held her.
"It's okay," she told her softly, "you don't have to do anything, you can just watch." Then gave her a quick squeeze before letting her go and stepping around her when she stopped trying to get away. This was working out even better than Becky had hoped, and she had another idea. Crossing to her dresser, she fished out a dark wool scarf, she was going to pull a Cybil.
Abby was pushing the shirt off Marcus' shoulders as she walked over to them. "You have another pupil," she told Abby and nodded towards Shelby. Marcus looked and started trying to pull the shirt back on. "Oh stop it." Becky scolded him. "She's just going to watch, she's got a thing for sucking cocks." Then she started wrapping the scarf around his head, but he ducked.
"What are you going on about?" he demanded, leaning away from the scarf.
"This is so you won't freak out if Shelby gets too close, and so you can look Pat in the eyes after this without seeing her watching me suck your cock." She told him and took him by the hair so he'd sit up again so she could start wrapping the blindfold around his head, Abby laughing at their antics.
Marcus decided they were all out to lunch, but since it seemed his Irish pride was on the menu, he'd just shut up and try to survive. He was going to go see a quack and get some of those blue pills he'd heard tell of if this was going to be happening often though.
Shelby relaxed a little as they got Marcus blindfolded, then blushed, but didn't look away as Becky stripped his shorts and jeans down, a nice looking cock kind of doing a lazy roll around on his thigh, ending up pointed more or less towards his navel. It wasn't as fat as Mason's, but she thought it might be as long. She was also a little ashamed to admit it looked good, catching herself licking her bottom lip. Sometimes she worried that she was what they called cock crazed on the forums, other times, she kind of liked the idea.
Becky caught that, and grinned inwardly, the idea of Shelby and Marcus' cock flooding the cotton crotch of her already damp boy shorts. She started to strip off her own shirt, but Abby stopped her.
"Are we here to fuck, or are you serious about learning?" she asked her, then looked over at Shelby to include her. "If it's just fucking, I think that should be made clear. If you wanna learn to take a cock all the way, then the only one here that needs to strip down is already stripped. At least until the lesson is over."
Reluctantly, Becky nodded and Shelby relaxed a bit more. "Okay teach, how do we get started?" Becky asked.
"The first, best lesson, is to see it done." Abby told them. "We all hear about it, but only half believe it's possible." As she talked, she coaxed Marcus to move up on the bed and lie back, folding a pillow to prop his head up a bit, then turned to take hold of his cock. "Everybody has gagged on something at some time, so we accept that automatic response, in fact, we expect it. But it doesn't have to be like that. Watch." And she took him in her mouth, working him a bit to finish getting him hard while Marcus tried to forget they had an audience.
Becky and Shelby both moved closer and bent to look as she started taking him deeper in stages. Shelby's heart fluttering as she saw Abby bury her nose in Marcus' balls, his whole cock gone.
"Fuck." Becky breathed and Marcus agreed.
Abby worked it a couple of seconds to make sure he stayed hard, giving him a couple of head bobs, then pulled off, sucking in a deep breath and catching the string of saliva from her lip, wiping it on his cock as she gave him a stroke. "You've got a nice cock Marcus." She told him, "I'll have to make sure you get a chance to stick it in a few more of my fun places." She teased him before looking up at Becky.
"A good hard cock is the only real way to practice," she told her, "a dildo hard enough to push into your throat can do damage. One soft enough to be safe, will tend to flex and expand, making it hard to do." She continued to stroke Marcus lightly. "You have a hard palate, and a soft. The first thing you need to learn, is to let the cock be against the soft palate. You'll probably gag, but don't try to go any deeper, until you can do that without trouble." And she shifted aside, nodding for Becky to take over.
"It would probably be easier if you get in a sixty-nine position." She advised as Becky climbed onto the bed. "It's usually the best angle, until you get used to it anyway." Looking over at Shelby, she pointed. "Bring that little trash can over here, just in case."
"Now remember," Abby told Becky as she got positioned and took hold of Marcus. "you're not going to try to do it this time. Just try to slip him back to your soft palate and hold him there, let yourself relax. You'll be able to breathe through your nose, so do so."
It was actually a lot harder than Becky had expected. The head of Marcus' cock seemed twice as big as the last time she'd sucked it. And now that she was trying to take him deeper, she felt herself trying to gag long before he was even in as far as normal. Hell, Mason had been a lot farther in, practically down her throat already, she could do this.
"You're thinking too hard." Abby tried telling her. "Relax, enjoy it. Just suck it for a bit, then try again when it feels right." But she continued to have little spasms, and finally sat up, letting it slip from her mouth and wiping her chin, frustrated.
"Shit." She cursed, "You made it look so easy. But just thinking about it had me all fucked up. That was pitiful."
"They say on the forum, that you can try to hum." Shelby started, then blushed as they both looked at her. "To keep from gagging." She finished in a smaller voice.
"It's worth a try." Abby told Becky. "Just go slow." But that didn't help either, in fact it seemed to make it worse. "It takes some time," Abby tried to encourage her when she pulled off again. "If you keep trying, it'll get easier, your gag reflex should eventually get less. But for tonight, I think you've already over sensitized it." And Becky reluctantly agreed.
"What about you?" Abby asked Shelby, who took a step back from the bed. "You going to give it a try?"
Shelby looked at the two of them, she felt like she was supposed to say no and leave. But she thought she could do it, and Marcus had a slimmer cock than Mason, and that should make it easier at first, and a hundred other arguments all jumbled around inside her.
"Is it okay with you, Marcus?" she asked in the silence.
"Well girl," he said seriously, "I suppose I could suffer it, as long as you don't get to liking it too much and pestering me all the time." Then grinned as the room erupted in giggles and laughs.
***
Brigid found Mason and Cybil in the shower and stripped down to join them. Cybil practically attacking her with a soapy washrag, scrubbing her nipples first, while licking her lips lewdly. "Your terrible." Brigid laughed and covered her tits protectively with her arms.
"But they're so yummy." Cybil pouted then jumped when Mason swatted her ass, but stuck it out for another. Mason cupped it instead, as he stepped by her and kissed Brigid.
"Did Abby go home?" he asked because he was a bit concerned about her little spider out in the storm.
Brigid barked a little laugh and Cybil perked up. "I think she and Becky are ganging up on Father." And nodded at the incredulous looks they gave her, "The last I saw, they were headed upstairs together, and my father's face was so red, you'd think he'd been hitting the Jameson."
"It's been a rough evening for him." Cybil giggled, and Mason told her what had happened out at the pool, leaving out the joke about marriage, that was a subject to explore at some other time.
"I thought Jess looked a little worn out." Brigid smirked.
"Your not mad?" Cybil sounded relieved, and Brigid shook her head.
"I can hardly complain, when I got her naked first." She told them grinning, "But you could let a girl know next time, remember, I like to play too."
Cybil just pointed at Mason's cock, which had decided to wake up at the image of Brigid and Cybil both teaming up on Jess. Brigid smiled and went to her knees, lifting it and running her tongue around its head.
Shelby was currently doing much the same thing to Marcus' cock. She had one hand around the base and was lost in the act. She didn't hear the remarks being aimed at her, or the advise. She had a cock in her hand, the head in her mouth and all was well with her.
It was easy to forget whose cock she held, to just think about it as a cock. It took Abby tapping her on the shoulder to remind her that she was trying to do more than just suck it.
"You better get to it girl, or poor Marcus is going to blow before you can." Abby told her in an amused tone. She recognized a cock lover when she saw one.
Shelby took a couple deep breaths and tried to settle herself, then pushed down on him, slowly letting him slide deeper into her mouth, feeling just the start of a gag as the head slipped off her hard palate. She found that humming did seem to help her, but she paused there to get used to it and realized she could still breathe fine like Abby had promised at that stage.
Becky couldn't help it, she had her shirt open and the cup of her bra pulled down so she could tweak a nipple. Watching Shelby suck Marcus was fucking hot, as far as she was concerned.
Shelby felt herself relax, her breathing easing, she'd known she could do it, and knew she'd get the rest of him too. Picturing Abby as she'd taken it all, she tried to emulate her, giving her head a little sideways twitch each time she took a bit more of him. And it slid a little deeper, humming each time just in case. Another nod and his ball hairs tickled her nose, so she had to rub it with her hand or pull off and sneeze. Abby's chuckle registering dimly. With a sense of triumph, she pushed her nose deep into his balls, the globes against her cheeks and managed to smile, or at least it felt like it.
She held it for as long as she could, then slowly pulled back, surprised that she felt no urge to gag as he slipped out, stopping when she could exhale and suck in more air.
"Damn girl." Marcus said, reaching up and pulling the scarf from his eyes. "I take it back, you can pester me all you want." And she tried not to laugh.
"I don't think he's going to last long." Abby cautioned her, and Marcus agreed.
Shelby just bore back down, finding it easier this time, humming because she liked it now. Cock crazed, she liked that too. When she felt him swell and the muscles of his thighs start to tense under her hand, she buried her nose in his balls once more and shook her head from side to side. She had expected to have to swallow, but she barely felt the cum as it pulsed into her throat, and it seemed to go down naturally. When she felt him settle, and heard his sigh, she slowly pulled back, breathing when she could, but not letting him go. She really liked sucking cock, she knew it, admitted it, as she fought to keep him hard, to get every last drop of him. Only stopping when he begged her to, but he was almost fully erect again by then.
Crawling off, she turned and looked at him, feeling the blush. But leaned down and kissed his cheek. "Thanks." She whispered.
"Your welcome girl." He grinned at her, blushing more than a little himself.
"Okay." Becky said to the room in general, shrugging out of her shirt. "There's going to be some fucking going on here now, anyone not up for it, time to leave." Abby laughed and started on her own shirt as Marcus groaned. Shelby winked at him, then slipped off the bed and out of the room.
"I love watching you two." Cybil whispered next to Brigid's ear, her soapy fingers working Brigid's clit as she leaned against the shower wall and Mason long stroked her. "Watching that long fat cock filling you, those hands gripping your hips, pulling you to him as he drives so deep it screws with your lungs."
Brigid couldn't speak, couldn't draw enough air to. She'd already cum, and was quickly building for a second, or third, she wasn't sure. And the brat, she was going to do such wicked things to her when she could.
"No you don't." Brigid told Cybil a short time later, as she started to crawl into bed. "This hurricane party was your idea, and there are still lists to be made and details to iron out before tomorrow." She laughed and picked up her clothes as she headed towards the door, waving for Cybil to follow.
Cybil walked into Brigid's rooms and threw herself onto the couch. Brigid grinned and pointed at her. "Stay." She said, then dropped her clothes on the end of it and went back out into the hall naked, ignoring Cybil's whine of protest from behind her.
Brigid giggled when Katey opened her door found her there naked. "I'm keeping Cybil in my room tonight," she told her, "in case you felt like keeping Mason warm." Smiling at the light that bloomed in the girl's eyes, she turned and sprinted back up the stairs.
"Where did you go?" Cybil asked, sitting up as she came back into the room.
"I figured that if I was going to keep you here with me tonight," Brigid told her and watched her smile, "someone else might as well sleep with Mason."
"Katey?" Cybil guessed, and gave her a thumbs up when Brigid nodded. "I hope he has something left." She giggled.
Mason watched Katey come through the door. Her smile spreading as he grinned at her and pulled back the covers.
***
There was a lull in the storm the next morning, so Brigid and Cindy took advantage of it to carry the lounge chairs and cushions that had been stacked in the corner of the gym out to the pool. While Cybil raided the empty apartments, steeling all the towels.
The second time Shelby cornered Becky and asked for another assurance that she wouldn't tell her father about the night before, Becky got rid of her by asking her if she thought the curve in her father's cock would make it harder to deepthroat, and smirked as the girl fled. She'd keep it to herself though, because she liked both of them.
Marcus busied himself at the new fire pit, deliberately not looking up when he knew his daughter was close. He wasn't too sure about some parts of the night before. He'd met Shelby's eyes for a brief moment earlier, and they'd both turned away blushing, though he'd caught the hint of a smile from her. And then the two that had stayed, well, he'd heard some women did such, but it was another thing to be there. It had been disturbingly arousing, and he'd had no trouble keeping his pride stiff while they were at it. Sighing, he took a rag soaked in grape seed oil and started wiping down the grill, flipping the grates over to get the bottoms.
Ardella was frying up potatoes with onions and belle peppers. She had a pan of polish sausages in the oven roasting, and figured she'd scramble some eggs with cheese. She kind of enjoyed making the big breakfasts when Katey occasionally didn't show up.
Abby had run home to change and grab a swimsuit. After the night before, there was no way she wanted to miss out on this hurricane party. She looked at herself in the one piece suit though, and frowned. Not going to happen she told her reflection, stripping it back off and getting dressed. She hoped the storm held off long enough for her to hit Leathers and Feathers.
Nothing beat waking up in Mason's arms, Katey thought as he rolled between her legs. She loved that he had been satisfied to just hold her the night before. Had held her all night it seemed, as she woke still cradled against him. But morning sex seemed to be their thing, and she was more than ready for it as he slid home.
"You sleep okay?" Mason asked her with a grin as he started moving, his chest brushing her nipples at each thrust.
Cybil made a quick trip to her room, coming back down with the old boombox her dad had gotten her for her eighth grade graduation. The cd was long dead on it, but the radio still worked. She plugged it in and cranked up the volume, settling on an oldies rock station. Then looked around and decided she was going to wire in a killer sound system out there soon.
She wandered over and watched as Marcus lit the fire. She thought he actually looked embarrassed when she saw the gas flames coming up through the wood he'd laid in.
"It's only until it catches," he assured her, poking at a couple of offensive pieces, "it was the boy's idea."
She patted his arms and headed back in, managing to get out of the door before she let the giggle loose.
Shelby took a couple of towels out front with her, and started moving the bikes. There was a large dry spot on the slab under the future parking structure roof, so she lined them up there. Then moved the CX's and Cybil's 500. The only keys not hanging by the front door, were Mason's, so she headed up to his room, but stopped at the open door, watching for just a moment as the two moved under the covers. Then headed down to her room, thinking she might just spend a few minutes on her own bed.
Mason and Katey made it down while everyone was still eating, though the usual ribbing was a bit subdued. Katey thanking Ardella for cooking. Then crossed to give Brigid a kiss on her cheek, Brigid's look telling her she understood.
Mason was walking back from moving the Chevelle, at Shelby's suggestion, when Jess' clunky little sedan came up the drive, followed by both Pat's pickup and Abby's ragtop. Mason waved Abby over, pointing under the roof, and waited as she parked next to his car.
"This will be nice when it's finished." She told him as she got out and looked around.
"I was hoping you'd be back." He told her and gave her a hug.
"I wouldn't miss it." She assured him, but then looked over and saw Pat. They looked at each other for a long moment, Mason starting to wonder what was going on, then Abby crossed the slab and Pat wrapped her in his arms.
"Oh Patty." She managed as they hugged each other tightly. "It's been a long time."
"Your still the hottest mom." Pat laughed and Abby blushed.
"I guess I don't have to introduce the two of you." Mason observed, and they turned to him, though they both kept an arms around the other.
"Patty was my Debby's beau all through high school." She told him. "Letting him get away was the first in a long string of dumbshit stuff that girl has done." Shaking her head, she looked back at Pat. "Though I have to say you got off lucky when she did."
"It's true." She insisted when Pat frowned. "At least the good for nothing she married probably deserves the way she treats him. You didn't."
"It never occurred to me that you might be the Abigail Mason has mentioned, did you remarry?" Pat told her. "And when did you open the dealership? Last I knew, you were lying around the pool in your back yard for a living, breaking the hearts of every young guy that managed to sneak a peek over the fence."
Abby laughed and slapped his chest. "I gave up that life when I caught Becky's dad looking over other fences." She told him. "I had a little inheritance set back from my parents, so I threw him out and opened the shop using my maiden name. Its been open for almost twelve years now." Then she winked at him again. "I was so jealous of Becky back then, I'd lay there behind my sunglasses and watch you climb out of the pool all glistening. Damn but it still makes me tingle." And they all three laughed, but Pat looked a little sad at the missed opportunity.
And just like that, the storm broke open. It started with a faint rattle as hail started hitting the roof, then steadily grew. They looked out at it, then took off for the door, Abby not even taking the time to retrieve her umbrella. They were all still laughing as they spilled into the hall.
"I went and picked up a new suit," Abby told them, then looked at Pat, "we'll see if I can still turn your head."
Pat grinned at her. "I don't doubt it." Then Shelby walked up and kissed her father's cheek, looking a little wide-eyed at Abby, who just grinned as Pat made sure they'd been introduced, then explained how he knew Abby.
"I'm sure we'll get along famously." Abby told her, taking her hand. "How about showing me where I can get changed into my suit?" she asked her.
"She's still something." Pat told Mason as they watched the two go up the stairs. Mason just nodded and tried not to grin knowingly.
As Pat headed out to see the pool area, Mason saw Brigid talking to Jess over at the bar. Brigid saw him looking and waved him over. He joined them, going around behind the bar and leaning against it to see what was up. Brigid explained that Jess had broken it off with her boyfriend and Mason frowned.
"It wasn't because of last night." Jess rushed to tell him. "I had already pretty much decided before any of that happened." She fell silent for a moment, then seemed to nod to herself. "When this happened," she told them, pulling back her hair and showing them what was left of her ear, "a lot of things changed. My whole life really, and I guess David just didn't fit any more. I know that sounds terrible," she told them shaking her head, "if anything you did last night contributed to my decision," she looked at Mason. "It was when you looked at this, and you saw me." And she stopped as tears spilled, Brigid slipping off her own stool to take her in her arms.
Cybil watched for a moment, then quietly joined them. Afraid she'd pushed things too far the night before. She slipped up next to Mason and he put an arm around her shoulder, as they waited for Jess to gain some control. When she did, it all started spilling out. Her guilt for surviving the IED while people she was responsible for, friends, hadn't. How the loss in her hearing meant she wouldn't be there next time for those that had survived, and the guilt that she felt for being relieved that she wouldn't see more of them killed. How she felt like a charity case now, though Ben had never done anything that should have made her feel that way.
Then she seemed to realize she was loosing it a little, and straightened. "Not that I'm not capable of this job." She hurried to assure Mason. "I can still handle anything that might come up around here."
Mason reached across the bar and took her hand, Cybil and Brigid each laying theirs on top of his. "I've no doubt of that Jess," He told her, "and I'm sorry for your friends. I'm guessing your homeless now?" and Jess started laughing softly as she nodded. "Come on." He told her, giving her hand a little squeeze before walking out from behind the bar, Cybil following.
The three of them took her up to the fourth floor, where Mason showed her the room across from Ardella. "As long as you need it." Mason told her, as she looked around. "Or want it." Brigid corrected.
***
Predictably, the first swimsuit top came off during a game of chicken. Ardella was on Mason's shoulders, while Shelby was on her father's. They had agreed that the steeds wouldn't get involve other than trying to stay under their rider and stay on their feet, so that if two of the girls wanted to team up, they wouldn't get overwhelmed by the guys. Mason and Pat were still bumping into each other pretty hard as the two women went at it, Danny on the pools edge rooting them on with everyone else. Mason saw Shelby going over, Pat falling backwards with her and looked up at his partner, only to find her cupping her bare tits, her mouth hanging open in surprise.
"Oh, my turn, my turn." Cybil called, laughing as she pulled the already wet and see through t-shirt she was wearing off and tossed it at one of the lounges.
Shelby came up sputtering with Ardella's bright red top in her fingers, then blushed when she saw Ardella. When she handed it back though, they found it had two broken straps.
"Your much prettier without it." Mason told her and grinned when she moved her hands so he could see that her nipples had gone puffy.
"Shouldn't she be the one topless?" Ardella asked, pointing at Shelby. "They lost." Mason laughed and looked at Shelby, who was about as red as he'd ever seen her.
"But my dad's here." Shelby tried, mimicking Ardella's earlier act and cupping her chest, even though she still had a top.
"Oh no, don't use me as an excuse." Pat laughed. "You're a grown woman that's out on her own, you do what you want." Then he smiled at Ardella, "I think there are plenty of distractions around here to keep me from worrying about you."
"How about two more." Abby asked, slipping the knot at the back of her skimpy suit and letting it drop. Though honestly it didn't change much, since the small triangles hadn't quite sufficed anyway. Pat grinned and winked at her.
"Sorry Father." Brigid called over to him, before shedding her own with a grin. He just shook his head and went back to tending the lamb. Becky and Katey followed in quick succession.
When Cindy stepped over next to Brigid and shyly shrugged out of hers, Shelby knew she was lost. Though she really didn't mind as long as no one thought it was weird around her dad. Cybil gave a little cheer as she reached for her straps.
"Now I think Marco Polo should be fun." Cybil quipped to general laughter.
Mason bent down and let Ardella off at the steps, then followed her out. He stood at the top and watched Shelby get out too though, admiring her openly and loving her blush. "Much better too." He told her.
New teams jumped in, Cindy mounting Brigid's shoulders, while Cybil climbed atop Becky. Mason noticed the girls didn't follow the rules, but with all the tits involved, who cared. He went to the reach in, and pulled out three Guinness', dropping one off for Marcus, and sighing at the smell of the lamb. Then taking the other over to Jess.
She was dressed like usual, though he didn't see any sign of her gun, or harness. And tried to protest as he set the beer in front of her on the picnic table. "You didn't have a suit?" He asked, sitting across from her and opening his own bottle. "Someone probably has an extra you can use. If you want." He reached over and tapped his beer against the one in front of her, then took a sip.
"I might fit in ones of Abigail's." She told him, grinning and giving her big tits a jiggle. Then picking up the beer and opening it. Mason laughed and nodded, then waved back over his shoulder. "That doesn't seem to be an issue anymore."
"Technically, I'm on duty." She reminded him, but grinned.
"Well then, I guess you shouldn't have more than a couple of those." He told her, pointing his bottle at hers. "But I don't think a veteran having a little fun on Veteran's Day is a bad thing. So relax and have some fun, you deserve it. If Ben takes offense, he can yell at me." When he saw her start to smile, he waved for Ardella to come over.
"You think you could find half a suit for our soldier here?" he asked her. Ardella smiled and nodded, telling Jess to follow her as she headed for the door. Luckily, though it was raining, the wind had died down for the time being.
Mason picked up the abandoned beer and took it over to the sink, leaving it to drain as he wandered to the pools edge and took a seat enjoying the show. Abby was on Pat's shoulders, her big tits riding the top of his head, they were up against Katey and Cindy, who was a little scrapper, and had some nice tits of her own, Mason observed.
Katey and Cindy won the match handily, though from the way Pat and Abby came back up from their dunking, with Abby laughing and splashing water at him, Mason figured Pat had taken the opportunity for a few liberties and wasn't too upset about it.
Katey waded over next to Mason, and motioned for him to get in. "I've got things to do." She told him, "You can take my place and help Cindy defend our title."
Mason looked at Cindy, surprised she would agree to this, since she always seemed nervous around him and found her with both arms crossed over her tits, blushing furiously. "Not this round," he told Katey, "she'll have to find another steed. This Guinness went right through me." and he held up the bottle as proof. He saw Cindy relax, though she didn't drop her arms. He wondered what had happened in her past, but knew it was none of his business. "Maybe after we eat." Getting to his feet, he realized he hadn't really been lying, so he headed inside.
He ducked into the gym and headed for that bathroom. The MMA cage was fully functional now, and the coin grip rubber flooring was in place. The newest thing though, was a rope ladder that was strung overhead. It spanned the gym from the hall wall across, about four inches from the ceiling. In the middle, it crossed over a pipe saddle that was bolted into the ceiling. The idea was to swing across it like monkey bars, but it was far harder, because it sagged and moved as he did. He'd only managed to make it to the pipe so far, his fingers cramping. Cybil had done it with no problem at all, but she hardly made it move.
He did his business, then headed back out, Ardella and Jess stepping out of the elevator as he approached it. It was a fine sight, and he knew his cheesy grin probably looked stupid, but he couldn't help it. Both women were wearing high cut french bottoms and nothing else. He'd always liked Ardella's smaller tits, but Jess' looked simply huge on her slim form.
"I thought you were in red?" He told Ardella, who now had on lavender.
She rolled her eyes at him. "You don't like?" she asked and slowly spun for him, showing him that the back consisted of a string between the cheeks of her glorious ass. And Jess giggled, before flashing the fact that her suit was the same cut.
"Beautiful." Mason told them, then waved them towards the door, not caring what kind of grin he wore. "After you, ladies."
***
Marcus hadn't lost his touch with the lamb, it was spicy and succulent. Katey turned out some roasted red potatoes, the baby ones cut in quarters, with onions and carrots. And some mixed greens cooked in bacon fat, the bacon mixed in. There were crusty rolls and garlic butter, as well as some hard salty feta cheese and sliced tomato in case anyone wanted to make a sandwich.
The laughter at the tables was only topped by the horseplay. It seemed women had a hard time sitting next to other topless women without copping feels and tickling each other. And the garlic butter had a tendency to drip from the hot buns, landing in places that almost demanded to be licked clean.
Pat turned to Mason after taking a second pile of lamb and building a sandwich with it. "I did some checking after your call yesterday, and there are still houses available to rent for the turkey run. Most of the hotels are already booked." Mason looked at him a little confused, but Abby got excited.
"Oh, I'm going if your headed down there." She told Pat. "That's where I got my baby."
Pat saw the looks and explained. "The turkey run is the biggest car show and swap meat on the east coast. It's called that because they traditionally do it at Thanksgiving. They have it at the Daytona Speedway, starting Thursday, running through Sunday. There will literally be thousands of show cars, and thousands more for sale. It's also the biggest gathering of parts vendors for classic cars almost anywhere in the world." Everybody was getting a little excited as he went on. "Of course, there are always the beaches and all the other attractions around Daytona, but if your serious about restoring that GTO or finding another project or two, there's absolutely no better place to go looking."
"Yup, I found my little Spider there." Abby confirmed for him. "Got a damn good price and had a dozen to choose from. The place is a buyers market."
"What are the houses?" Brigid asked.
"There are a lot of vacation homes and just plain homes that get rented out when these bigger events roll into town." Pat told her. "Some of the nicer ones have private beaches even. This late in the game, that would be our best bet for lodging. I'm assuming if we go, we'll stay until Sunday." He looked questioning over at Mason, who nodded. It sounded great to him.
"Would we fly down?" Brigid asked her next question.
"You'd pretty much have to," Abby told her, "it would be a long days drive, even if you got lucky and made it through New York, Washington and Philadelphia without hitting any traffic, which is not going to happen."
"I can call around and see what the local charter outfits have that's big enough for us." She told Mason, who nodded.
"Why don't you find us something large enough, with one of those beaches." Mason told Pat, "since you've already started looking, and I'll give you my card to put it on. Book it for the whole show."
"My dad is going to want in on the trip." Cybil told him, and Mason frowned.
"You better just get the biggest place you can find," Mason amended, "I think I still want to do Thanksgiving here in the hall, since it's the first one. So we'll probably head down there late Thursday, or Friday morning, but I'd imagine you'll need to book all four days." He paused and looked around. "I guess I'm assuming everyone here is planning to spend the holiday here?" there were assurances all around. "Then I guess if any of you wants to invite family, please do. Certainly we'll have Benny and Saul out for it."
Ardella laughed, "My parents retired to Florida about six years ago, they have a place at Indian Harbor Beach, just below Melbourne that I've never seen. If we're going to Daytona, I'll have to run down and see them at least."
Mason hadn't figured Becky or Katey would have anyone coming, knowing what he did about their lives, so he nodded in understanding when they each looked at him. Jess looked surprised when he turned to her, but he pointed out that she lived there now. She just shook her head, saying her only family was a younger brother out in California. Cindy just looked sad.
"You can invite someone if you want." Brigid told her.
"Don't got no one." She said and shrugged. Brigid reached over and took her hand.
"Don't look at me." Abby told him. "The only relative I can stand is my grandson Tommy, and his mother would make his life a living hell if he didn't go there for the holiday. I'm lucky she lets him work at the dealership, or I'd never see him. So it'll just be me, if I'm invited?"
"Of course you are." Cybil told her, then looked at Pat. "You too daddy." She told him and he barked a laugh.
They spent a while sitting around the tables talking, but after the meal, no one really felt much like swimming any more. Marcus brought up the fact that his place was going to be ready to move into soon, and said he planned to head back to Charleston Friday or Saturday to pack his stuff. Brigid got involved, she'd been going to pack up the house before they'd ended up flying out, so she wanted to go too. Of course Cybil wanted to see where Mason had grown up, and soon they were going to fly down and get a moving company to come out. Marcus said that would work, but he was planning to drive back, pulling the duel deck sheep trailer behind his old Dodge Ram.
"Danny's getting fat and lazy around here without the girls to look after." He told them.
The extra food was put in the reach in, in the hopes that another break in the storm would show. And they headed inside.
***
Cindy couldn't believe she was flying. She was kneeling on one of the couches, Danny next to her as the two of them stared out one of the little windows. It was warm in the jet, but she still shivered, agreeing with the quiet little whimpers that Danny made. Marcus had asked her if she was going with them, and no one had stopped her, so there she was.
It was also Cybil's first time flying, and she was already planning on joining the mile high club. It didn't look like it would happen on the way to Charleston, but there were a couple of couches in the back, as well as a bathroom, so she'd figure out a way to get it done on the return flight.
Brigid had settled on a local company that had several business class jets, including a twelve passenger Dassault Falcon available. And the difference between it and the plane they'd flown to Boston in was night and day. The little Piper had been like a taxi, you climbed in and took a seat, where you stayed for the entire flight. The jet would make the same flight in an hour and twenty, almost three times faster, and had plenty of room to move about.
"We should charter this for the Florida trip too." Brigid told Mason, tucking her feet up under her in the roomy seat.
"Yeah, this is nice." Cybil agreed, stretching a toe out to poke Katey in the side.
Katey had come along because it sounded fun, but flying wasn't agreeing with her. She wasn't feeling sick, she just missed the ground, a lot. There was no way she was getting out of the seat, let alone unbuckling, until they landed, something she longed for and dreaded at the same time. Shelby was holding her hand in sympathy.
Ardella and Becky were the only ones left at the hall. Ardella trying to make some changes in a few of the unfinished projects after the storm made a few things obvious. Like louvered panels for the walls of the parking structure, where the plans had openings to allow for ventilation, as well as closing in most of the front, just leaving a wide entrance. She was also making sure Marcus' cottage was ready for occupancy. Becky still worked at Leathers and Feathers, even though her expenses had all but disappeared, because she liked it and had a shift later.
Marcus wasn't too fond of flying either, but his solution was to stretch out on the other couch and take a nap.
Jess was along under orders, Ben telling her to stay close to Mason. Though she would have gone along anyway, just to get away from David. He'd been leaving voice mails that had quickly turned bitter. After the last couple, where he called her a scar faced bull dike and a slut, she wondered what she'd ever seen in him. The funny thing was, she now knew his boss, so if he kept it up, she had more options than just kicking his ass.
Mason and Ben had talked, and she was now on duty with Mason full-time. Ben was separating her from the regular guard detachment, though she still had rank to use if she needed to, he wanted her to be free to act more as a bodyguard when needed. He pointed out that with her new digs at the hall, and being a female, which young Mason seemed determined to surround himself with, she was perfect for the job.
Katey didn't let go of her death grip on the chair arms until the door was open and the steps lowered. And then, Mason had to go down in front of her, worried she wasn't going to make it.
It was still short of noon when they left the airport in the rented Suburban, Mason making a quick stop at the U-haul for some moving boxes. The movers would have them for sale too, but they wouldn't be coming until the next morning. Brigid was dreading even the idea of opening the fridge, so she had Mason stop for groceries before they made it through Charleston. When they were checking out, Marcus came up with a cheap beer cooler and had them put two blocks of dry ice in it. He had a freezer full of meet that needed to stay cold during its trip.
Mason was feeling nostalgic as they drove along the Elk River, and a little sad when he realized it was probably the last time for a while. When he stopped at the gate, Marcus climbed out to get it, and Danny was through and gone as soon as the space was wide enough for him. Marcus just climbed back in, knowing Danny would check the flock and have it ready when he went looking.
The house was a lot simpler than Cybil had expected. She'd envisioned a grand manor, but it was just a good-sized two-story ranch. Brigid frowned, because without Danny there, the sheep had decimated her flower beds. Then shrugged, they'd never get to the ones in her new greenhouse.
The house felt like they had just gotten back from a trip into Charleston, it was warm and neat, until Brigid steeled herself and took a quick peek inside the fridge. She'd just stocked up on fresh vegetables before they'd taken off, and it wasn't pretty. Closing it just as quickly, she decided to have Mason drag it out back, some rubber gloves, a handy trash can and the garden hose seemed like the best solution.
They planned to pack what they needed in the house, plus Marcus' little carriage house that afternoon and evening, so that it was ready when the trucks showed in the morning. They had ordered a forty-foot moving van for the household stuff, and a multi car flat-bed to haul Brigid's Miata and Marcus' John Deere tractor, plus all the attachments.
Mason started in his room, Cybil and Katey going along to help, but getting side tracked when Cybil found the album Brigid had given him for his birthday. He'd been afraid it would get lost or damaged when he first headed out to school, so it was left in his room.
The two of them sat on his bed cooing over it, and giggling at his younger pictures. "So that's where you got the blue eyes and dark hair." Cybil told him, "Your mother was really beautiful."
There wasn't really a lot left in the room Mason thought he wanted to take to the hall. But he carefully packed the few toys he had from when he was a child. Most of then bought for him by Brigid after his parents were killed. The box half full of GI Joes and Hotwheels didn't look like much, but great battles and demolition derbies were in there.
The desktop computer was still a good one, but nothing like the laptop he now used, so he was thinking about leaving it, but Cybil suggested that he see if Cindy wanted it.
Cybil got a kick out of the box he pulled from the closet that had the pink boxing gloves and other gag gifts from Marcus in it. But silly as it was, he wanted that box. In the end, he only had five boxes to contribute to the next days load.
Brigid and Shelby were busy boxing up things in her room when he looked in, and Cybil and Katey went in to help. Not feeling like pawing through her stuff, he left them to it and wandered down to his parent's room.
He stood in the doorway and looked, not going in. He'd never been comfortable in the room, though he'd often stood where he was and tried to remember his mother. The problem was, he didn't think she was in there, he didn't see anything that looked at all personal. It was like a motel room, with a sigh that he'd let out many times before, he turned away and went downstairs.
His father's office was another one of those rooms he didn't go into. It didn't affect him like the bedroom, it was just that he hadn't been allowed in there as a child, so tended to ignore it now. Stepping into it, he realized it was just a room, even the specter of his father was absent. Probably because he'd never really seen him in there.
On impulse, he went behind the desk and sat. The soft leather chair was perfect, leaning back in it, he looked around. The room felt expensive, like something you'd expect to see a bond villain in. That made him smile, his father could have been one. What really surprised him though, was the picture of his mother that lay on the corner of the desk, like someone had laid it over and forgotten it. In it, she was hugely pregnant. He was still holding it when Brigid found him to say there were sandwiches ready.
Marcus' first concern was putting the dry ice in the chest freezer, then he went looking for the flock, Cindy tagging along. She was sorry she had when the first one they ran into happened to be the ram, her first impression was that its horns weren't symmetrical, they curled back the same, but then seemed to have minds of their own, ending in odd angles from each other. Her second impression was that she knew how Fiachna's men felt, as the crazy looking creature did a couple of stiff-legged hops and came charging at them. She gladly ducked behind Marcus as he stepped between her and the demonic beast, but then Danny was there, darting smoothly around it, turning it with nips on its flanks, slipping easily aside when it tried to attack him. Cindy watched a little breathlessly as the he quickly drove the ram back towards the other sheep, and through to the other side, a path opening for them like magic in the sea of wool.
"Danny's a good one girl." Marcus told her with a grin. "He'll not let that old bastard get you." all she could do was nod and swallow.
Marcus decided the flock looked okay, if a little lazy after a few weeks with no dog. He was pleased to see that the three ewes that had been gravid when he left had managed to lamb without him. And he could see Cindy actually twitching to hold one of the lambs.
"They're not pets girl." He told her, but got one and handed it to her anyway. He'd never met a woman yet that didn't look happier with a lamb in her arms, and if he did, he thought he'd run like hell. He let her hold the lamb until its mother started getting agitated, then took the lamb back and set it down, giving it a little shove towards its dam.
From there, he went to see if the tractor was going to start, or if he needed to put the charger on it.
By dinner time, anything that was going into a box or suitcase, was pretty much done. Mason had talked Brigid into waiting until the movers got there with dollies before they tried to take the fridge out back. Luckily Marcus' fridge hadn't had anything perishable in it. They talked about going back into Charleston, but it had been a long day, so they settled for lying around on the floor at Marcus' watching Pink Panther movies.
Mason was surprised that Cybil just wanted to snuggle when they crawled into his old bed. But figured they'd make love in the morning. Morning found him alone though and when he went looking, the movers were just pulling in.
They loaded Marcus' stuff first, while Marcus actually worked with the car hauler, loading the Miata, followed by the tractor attachments. It went pretty fast since he had the pallet forks on the tractor. He loaded them while the driver strapped or chained stuff down. They chained the tractor down last, and that truck headed for Arlington.
When Marcus found that his little house was almost loaded as well, he went to see if his pickup was going to start. The old dodge turned over hard, but caught. And he backed the fifth wheel coupler under the king pin of the double-deck sheep trailer. It was going to be a long drive.
The only furniture going from the main house, was a vanity that Brigid had and Mason decided to take the chair and desk from the office. He figured he'd swap them out for the ones in his room at the hall. The chair was definitely better, and the desk just seemed to go with it. By ten thirty, that truck was loaded and headed out too.
Brigid and Mason did a last walk through both places, finally throwing the main breakers to shut down the electricity before locking them down. Brigid shed a few tears that were hastily wiped away, then joined the rest milling around out front. About the time Mason started to go find and help Marcus, the old truck and trailer came around the house.
Marcus was surprised but pleased when Cindy climbed into the cab with him and Danny, company on the long drive would help. Katey was tempted, but Cybil had mentioned her plans to join the mile high club, so she was going to give flying one more shot. Marcus pulled out and the others loaded up in the rental, Mason and Brigid taking a last look around before following.
***
Mason should have figured something was up when Brigid returned from the galley with a couple mini bottles of Jose Cuervo and handed them to Katey. With real sympathy, he watched as she promptly downed one then coughed and shuddered, before doing the second and leaning back in the seat with her eyes closed. It was the wink and half grin he got when he looked at Brigid that made him suspicious though.
A couple of minutes passed, then Katey shook herself and unbuckled her belt, Cybil giving a little cheer and going to help her up, then they headed to the rear. Mason started to twist around and watch them, but Brigid laid a hand on his shoulder as she got up.
"Just stay in your seat, we'll call you in a bit." She told him then headed back herself. Shelby wouldn't look at Mason when she went by, but Jess licked her lips with a sly smile. He sat there, listening to them laugh, trying to picture what they were up to, his cock coming awake at the possibilities. Music started playing, quickly cycling through several stations before settling on an oldies rock one.
"Okay Mason." He finally heard Cybil call. When he got up and turned, he had to stop and take it in. Brigid and Shelby were on the left couch, Cybil and Jess mirroring them on the right. And Katey was on the big seat to the left of the bathroom door. All of them were naked, kneeling on towels, with their asses in the aisle.
Everyone except Katey was watching him over a shoulder and grinning. "We want our wings." Cybil told him. "Brigid won the draw, so start with her, and switch every time a new song starts. Hopefully you'll be able to initiate the hell out of us by the time we get ready to land." Mason grinned and started shedding clothes. Stepping up behind Brigid just as The Tokens started singing A Lion Sleeps Tonight.
It didn't take Cindy long to trade places with Danny and let him have the window, his head and one paw out in the wind. She thought she would have ridden with Marcus even if Brigid hadn't taken her aside and warned her that Cybil was hatching a plan to join the mile high club, and that the return fight was bound to get a little out of control.
Now she couldn't stop picturing it. She thought Mason was cute and all, but once when he was getting out of the pool, his normally loose swim trunks had clung wetly to him, clearly outlining a cock that scared the hell out of her, yet kept her checking for another glimpse any time they went swimming. And of course she'd heard all the off-hand comments about it being big and fat. She couldn't imagine having to deal with something that size, even if the idea seemed to make the others goofy eyed.
She still couldn't figure out how this Cinderella episode in her life had started, but she prayed every night when she went to sleep, that she'd still be in her new rooms when she woke up. And despite Brigid's assurance that nothing sexual was expected of her, it wouldn't be the first time she was lied to by someone she thought she could trust. She'd found the fact that everyone around her seemed so open about their sexuality very odd, at least until she and Brigid had made love in the steam room. That had been a real eye opener for her, so gentle and loving, not like before. Dammit, she didn't want to think about him.
"You okay?" Marcus asked her, afraid she was getting car sick and ready to pull over or tell Danny to get in the back seat so the girl could have the window.
"I'm fine." She assured him, blushing and a little flustered. "I was just thinking about the others on the plane."
"They'll be fine." He told her reassuringly. For some reason this struck her funny bone, and she snorted so hard she was glad to see some old napkins on the dash.
"I know, it's not that." She told him, wiping her nose and turning to look out over Danny's back, afraid Marcus would somehow know exactly what she'd been thinking just by seeing her face.
"You could have gone with them." Marcus told her, not understanding. "I'd have been okay. Danny would have listened to me talk."
"Brigid warned me," she started, glancing at him then turning away again before continuing, "that they were all going to join the mile high club." she finished. Then laughed at the puzzled look on Marcus' face when she glanced at him after he didn't say anything for a moment. "It means, they're all going to have sex on the plane." She told him and he grimaced.
Marcus blushed and harrumphed to clear his throat, but stayed quiet for a bit longer. "I see." He finally said. "And you didn't want to join this club?" He asked her with a straight face, then chuckled when she turned beet red.
"I don't think I ever want to have sex with a man again." Cindy told him in a small voice, looking down at her hands clasped in her lap. She hadn't ment to say that, and couldn't believe she had. Suddenly she wished she still had the door, so she could jump. She didn't want Marcus to know, she didn't want anyone to.
Marcus recognized the pain in her, and had to stop his hand from reaching to take hers as the words sank in. He drove for a long few minutes, his knuckles white from gripping the steering wheel, before sighing.
"I don't know what happened girl, but it don't sound like you were ever with a man to me." He told her quietly and firmly. "A man doesn't take advantage of the young." It was a guess, but she was still a girl yet.
"It hurt." She told him and started crying, his gentle voice dragging tha admission out of her despite herself.
Hearing the need in her voice, Marcus reached over and took both of her hands in his right, giving them a little squeeze as she leaned against his shoulder and began crying. Smiling despite himself when Danny turned to lick at her face, making her laugh through the tears. Seeing a vista point exit, he pulled off and parked. Out the window, the view of a rocky canyon fell away, a small foaming river tearing at it.
Twisting a bit, Marcus took her in his arms and let her cry, Danny laying his head on her thigh. She fell silent after a while, just huddling in his arms. Then slowly started telling him about Raymond, her mother's boyfriend. How he had been so nice, buying her stuff and slipping her an extra dollar here or there. How he'd downloaded music for her, making her copies of all the new albums to listen to on the little cd player he'd given her. All the while, her mother disappeared into a bottle.
Raymond always had a bottle for her mom, and once she'd climbed into it, he'd take Cindy to the mall and buy her something. A top or a bracelet, some earrings. Small things, but they made her feel good. She would model them for him. It was fun. The first nightie he bought her was a onesie with the feet in it. They got smaller after that, sexier, and she still liked it. Sometimes it seemed like he was all she had. She started looking forward to when her mother would pass out.
When he started bringing home more than one bottle, so that her mom could get started earlier in the day, she was happy about that too. She liked their time on the couch at night, snuggling and watching a movie. Everything was good for a long time, until Raymond started bringing a bottle home for himself too.
"The bastard." Marcus muttered, but gave her a squeeze when she paused, so she'd go on.
When he started drinking, the little fun things they did, weren't fun any more. His hands were rougher, meaner. Soon most of the prettier nighties were ripped or stained. And they didn't go get new ones. She had to sit there and try to hold them closed, praying that he'd pass out like her mother and leave her alone for the night. She had tried to stay in her room once. He'd joined her, and the pain had started.
Looking up at Marcus, to see if she could tell him the rest, she was surprised to see the tears on his cheeks. It made her heart hurt with love for him. For the first time since her father had gone off to die, she knew she was safe. It all came out then, the wall she had thrown up to keep everyone else out crumbling before the grief and anger in the gentle eyes watching her.
It was a bout of the flu that finally saved her. Her mom was just too sick one day to get up and find her bottle. She was fevered and sweating, but it broke late in the evening, and she heard Cindy crying.
"She found us." Cindy said, stopping to pet Danny's head for a moment, his tail thumping the door panel. "She had a steak knife, and she started stabbing him, screaming that she was going to cut it off. But he hit her and ran. And she just laid there screaming that he was a dead man. I had to call 911, when she fell, the knife stabbed her in the side, it was sticking out of her." Marcus just held her again for a time after that, while she cried some more.
"He was right, they didn't believe me." She told him. "If they did, why would they have sent her to prison? Why would I have had to live with my aunt?"
"The world can be a messed up place. My Neve had a bastard of a father." He told her in his quiet voice. "Used to think women and sheep were the same. When I found out, I left him with a bad leg and a bad hand, and everything between his legs ground under my boot til both the sheep and the women were safe." He shook his head. "I wish I knew where the this bastard Raymond was, I'd do worse to him."
"I don't know." She told him, snuggling against him, comforted by his outrage and not doubting that he would for a second.
"I hope someday you meet a real man." Marcus told her. "Someone that will take the time to show you that that piece of shit wasn't even half of one." They were quiet for a bit, then Marcus nudged her shoulder. "How about we let Danny out so he can do his business, then we get going again, I don't know about you, but I could handle a burger or two." He asked and she nodded, her stomach growling in agreement, then had a hard time reaching around the suddenly excited Danny to get to the door handle.
When the captain's voice announced that they were getting ready for their approach, Mason and the girls made a mad dash to get back into their clothes, laughter and giggling breaking out as things went on backwards or inside out, or just on the wrong person and had to be redone. Even Katey forgot they were in the air as she sought her stuff.
***
"He was sure the man was American?" Brian Meyer asked, careful not to step in any of the splattered blood with his expensive Italian loafers.
One of the two still breathing but sweaty men in the room gave a small grimace and a shrug. "He's been pretty far gone in the whiskey for a lot of years, since the old days. He thought he was American, and was sure he was asking about you, other than that, the only evidence is a few American dollars left in his pocket."
The cabinet minister looked down at the body of the old derelict, vaguely remembering him from those old days. Wondering who was interested enough in them to bother feeding good whisky to this wasted old fool.