This story continues right after 'Clothes Are Not Dry Yet'. It can still be read as a standalone story with a short premise give below:
Deepa is alone in her flat in Mumbai during the Covid-19 lockdown as all her flatmates have left for their hometowns. Circumstances lead her to stay naked for two days in the house and she gets into flashing the strangers who visit her flat. Kavya, the opposite door neighbour discovers her exhibitionist behaviour, teases and pleases Deepa.
Deepa wanted to meet Kavya again after the sexual encounter she had with her earlier that week. Kavya had hinted on visiting her flat again on Friday and Deepa waited eagerly for Friday to arrive.
On Friday night when the doorbell rang, Deepa rushed to open the door, knowing very well it was Kavya. It was indeed Kavya outside the door.
"Hi," said Deepa looking at Kavya.
"Hi Deepa," said Kavya and she proceeded to enter the house. Deepa quickly turned sideways to let her in and then locked the door.
"Seems like your clothes are dry," said Kavya removing her mask and then scanning Deepa from head to toe. It was the same way she had scanned Deepa last time when had been wearing just a small kitchen apron. This time, Deepa was wearing a normal red T-Shirt and black shorts.
"This is the most clothed I have ever seen you," said Kavya with a smile.
"Yeah, right!" said Deepa with a toothy grin.
Deepa was not sure if Kavya had come to hookup with her or whatever happened that night was a one time thing. Kavya made herself comfortable in the sofa and Deepa sat on a chair opposite to her.
"The dog is gone," said Kavya.
"Oh! Is he dead?" asked Deepa.
"No, it belongs to my roommate, Anvita," said Kavya, "Anvita has left for her hometown. I am all alone now."
Deepa thought that it was the best thing that happened to her. She could go to Kavya's house anytime. She was increasingly becoming attracted to Kavya; she had never thought that she could be bisexual. Or was it something else about Kavya?
"Worst thing is, my mother is gonna come tomorrow," continued Kavya.
"Oh!" said Deepa with a sudden sadness in her face.
"Aww, don't be sad," said Kavya seeing the apparent disappointment in Deepa's face, "I have come here to help you. I know how much you like to stay nude and flash people. I know that it would not be possible to help you in your hobby with my mother around."
Deepa blushed with mention of exhibitionism.
"That's why I have come to take all the clothes that you have," continued Kavya.
"What?"
"Yes," said Kavya, "You have to live with only piece of clothing everyday for one whole week. You can't even use towels. Don't try to wrap yourself with bed-sheets if someone knocks at the door. I am here to take every single piece of clothing that is around, even your apron, even your table cloth, anything which you can wrap around your body to cover your body, even the window curtains. So, do you want to do this?"
Deepa gave it some thought. She had loved living naked for the two whole days that week. She had thoroughly enjoyed flashing Kavya, the plumber and the grocery delivery guy in those two days.
"Yes, I do," said Deepa.
"Then let's get going," said Kavya.
For the next one hour, Deepa emptied all the her clothes from her wardrobe, even her underwear and packed it inside a big trolley bag. Then she removed the window curtains from the bedroom and the living room. Kavya pulled out the pillow cover from the pillows.
"Why are you taking those?" asked Deepa.
"You can't be too careful right? I am gonna take your bed-sheets as well," said Kavya. Then she noticed a spare mattress kept above the wardrobe. She stood on a chair and pulled it out.
"Perhaps you can use this to cover yourself while sleeping, if you have the habit of sleeping with a blanket covering you, even in a summer," said Kavya, "I suppose you have a hand towel? So that you can dry yourself after a shower or washing your hands."
"Nope," said Deepa.
"Don't worry, I will give you one. You can't keep the handkerchiefs too, lest you should make a clothing out of it by tying them," said Kavya as if she was giving an order.
Deepa took out the seven handkerchiefs she had and packed it inside her trolley bag. After every possible piece of clothing was removed and packed in the bag, Kavya picked the trolley bag.
"Er, Kavya, you know that I don't like to repeat any piece of clothing everyday," said Deepa, "Suppose, if I'm to wear only my T-Shirt, I can't wear it for the next seven days. It's something that I just can't do."
"No worries," said Kavya, "Each day you will wear a different clothing, but only one. Tomorrow morning, I will come back to take everything that you are wearing now except one piece. And I will bring the hand towel too."
"Ok," said Deepa in an excited mood. She wanted Kavya to please her again. She even stepped forward and kissed her. Kavya just accepted a single kiss.
"Gotta get going," said Kavya, "I would have stayed here tonight if not for my mother's visit. Need to set the house for her. She shouldn't find the dildos on my table, or the spare condoms in my wardrobe. So, good night."
"Good night," said Deepa.
Before Kavya left, they both exchanged their phone numbers.
Deepa couldn't sleep easily that night as she was excited with the prospect of wearing only a single piece of clothing for the next seven days. She had covered herself with the old mattress, which had lost much of the cotton inside and was light enough to not suffocate her.
The next morning she woke up by the sudden ringing of her phone, then she heard the doorbell was ringing too. It was around 8.30 am.
She jumped out of the bed and opened the door.
"I texted you that I would come by 8 am, right?" snapped Kavya in a low voice as she entered the house.
"Good that I came back a second time and you opened the door," she continued heading to the kitchen and washing her hands with the handwash.
"I overslept, took time to get used to the old mattress," said Deepa as Kavya came out of the kitchen to the living room.
"Come on quick, strip down," said Kavya, "I don't have much time. My mother might be waiting, and she doesn't want me to be out of the house for no reason."
"Ok, but which piece of clothing should I keep?" asked Deepa.
"You decide," said Kavya, "But keep in mind that next day you need to change to something else. And this would be the norm till Friday. Are you still okay to do this?"
"I think I will keep my panties for today," said Deepa after a short thought.
She pulled up her red T - shirt, dropped her black shorts and handed it to Kavya. She was wearing a white and smooth bra, which tightly hugged her curvy breasts and the white cotton panties fit so naturally around her crotch, as if it was made for her.
"Your bra," said Kavya stretching out her hand. Deepa quickly unclasped her bra and gave it to Kavya and hugged herself tightly, her arms covering the majority of her breasts, but it accentuated the round squishy pair of breasts.
Kavya stood enchanted for a moment, dropped Deepa's clothes on the floor and quickly held Deepa's face to kiss her. Deepa's hard nipples were poking against Kavya's upper breasts. Kavya squeezed Deepa's left breast with her hand, pinched her nipple and pulled it for a longer time. Deepa gave a naughty 'aah' reaction to it.
"See you soon beautiful," said Kavya as she picked up Deepa's clothes and left.
Deepa had so many questions to ask Kavya, but she simply couldn't say a word, not even a goodbye, not after the sudden kiss and caressing and groping and pinching. She looked down at the only thing she was wearing, a white cotton panties, which formed the shape of her perfect hips. But it hardly covered the lower half of her ass cheeks.
"Why am I even wearing this? I'd rather be nude. I had already worn this yesterday. I shouldn't have worn it for today," she thought.
She quickly pulled down her panties and kicked it across the room. She sat on her sofa and began to think about Kavya and the way she touched her breasts. Soon her one hand went to her pussy lips and the other hand to her breasts. She then began to rub her clit wildly.
As the day passed, she got used to her nudity and did the chores of the house completely naked. She realised that cleaning the house felt more comfortable while staying nude. As it was a weekend, she decided to cook something special. She didn't even have an apron to cover her naked body in the kitchen. As she prepared the mix for her cake and put it in the oven, she sprayed some of the cream meant for icing the cake to both her nipples and then to her crotch. She went to her room to look herself in the mirror.
"White creams for nipples and a white creamy landing patch,"she wrote in her text to Kavya as she sent a pic of herself in front of the mirror with the creamy patches.
"I see you have removed your panties too,"texted Kavya back.
"Didn't feel the need to wear it,"giggled Deepa while typing the text.
When the cake was done, she took it out from the oven, iced the cake with cream and some bits from each of her nipples and crotch.
"A cake is waiting for your, with my flavour,"she sent the picture with the caption to Kavya.
In the evening, at around 6 pm, she got a call from the Sampooran Laundry service. Deepa had the habit of having her clothes cleaned by the laundry service and had given half of her clothes to them just before the lockdown had started. The laundry service couldn't deliver the clothes back to her on time. That was one of the reasons she had to stay naked for a couple of days before in her flat.
"Hello Deepa mam," said the laundry service guy.
"Yes," said Deepa.
"We have got your laundry done. I am waiting in the reception lobby in the ground floor."
"Ok, can you come upstairs to the fifth floor?" said Deepa.
"Sorry, but the security guard here won't let me go upstairs."
"What? But I have been getting my groceries to my door."
"I think even the groceries are not being allowed upstairs, I can see some deliveries kept near the gurad's table."
Deepa was in a dilemma now. The rest of her clothes that she had sent for laundry had actually come, she could wear clothes again. But she didn't want to. At the same time she loved the clothes that she had given for laundry. She didn't want her clothes to get stolen or lost.
She quickly called Kavya.
"I can ask her to bring my laundry delivery," she thought.
But Kavya's phone was switched off.
"Why did she switch off her phone?" she murmured.
Now she wished she had at kept at least one set of clothes with herself. She called the laundry service again.
"Can you keep my clothes with the security guard? I will collect it later," she said.
"Ok," said the laundry guy, "But I will not be responsible if the clothes are stolen. Here, talk with the guard."
"Hello," the security guard at the reception took the call.
"You can keep the large bag of clothes, right? It's for room no.501, Deepa," said Deepa.
"Ok mam, I will keep it safe," said the guard.
"In fact, can you bring it upstairs to my room?"
"Sorry mam, if I start taking orders for delivering everything door to door, I would have to start knocking 90 doors everyday. The delivery is safe with me, you can come here anytime to take it," said the guard.
Deepa got angry from the guard's reply, but didn't say anything further to him and hung up the phone. She tried calling Kavya many times but her phone was switched off. She decided to try calling her again some time later.
She spent rest of the night watching TV and making dinner and clicking photos of her nude body in front of the mirror. She tried putting her panties on top of her head and made it look like a superhero mask.
Then, she received a text from Rima, her roommate on her phone,"Hi Deepa, coming to flat tomorrow morning."
"What?" she shouted reading the text.
"Why are you coming back?"she texted.
"Office has called,"texted Rima,"Tried reasoning with them, didn't agree."
Deepa felt a sudden anxiety now. She quickly put on her panties, the only piece of clothing she was left with.
"The clothes from the laundry, I need to get it back somehow," thought Deepa.
Deepa called Kavya again, but still her phone was off. Her top priority now was to get back her clothes from Kavya. She couldn't be naked in front Rima if she arrived next morning to her room.
"I have to go to Kavya's flat," she told herself.
This was the most naked she had ever got out of the flat. She had no idea how many other flats in her floor were vacant; if the residents had actually left their flats or stayed in Mumbai itself. But she had to do this. She was gonna wear a face mask anyway. No one would recognise her.
She searched for the hand towel that she got Kavya from that morning. She held it against her breasts to cover it. But it left the cleavage and the side boobs exposed. She took the key in the other hand and then peeked out from the door to check if anyone was around in the hallway. It was deserted before the pandemic, and still it looked the same. She didn't see any difference. She slowly stepped out one of her naked legs out of the door. Now half of her body was out of the house. She just needed to step out her next leg.
She quickly stepped out of the house and shut the door without turning around. She checked the key again in her hand. She adjusted the hand towel to cover her nipples, though the upper part of her breasts were quite visible. She tiptoed and walked to the opposite door.
She rang the doorbell outside Kavya's house. She hoped that the door wouldn't be opened by Kavya's mother. She kept turning her head sideways and back. Anyone could see that she was only in her panties, without a bra, and holding something in the front to cover her breasts. She was even barefoot.
"What? I forgot to wear shoes?" she thought looking down and feeling even more naked than be
She kept ringing the bell a few more times. She even knocked the door violently once. It only meant that Kavya or her mother were not in the house.
"I have to get the clothes back," thought Deepa, "What if Rima comes back before I can get my hands on any piece of clothing? I can't be nude in front of Rima."
After standing in the hallway for a minute she decided to go downstairs to take her laundry delivery. She knew she was being stupid in doing so. Wearing a mask wouldn't help her conceal her identity, the guard knew her name and room number. But she was willing to face the humiliation. And the mask hiding her lower half of the face, gave her some assurance. The panties was also a plus, she wasn't fully naked.
She entered the lift and the hit the ground floor button, hoping that no one would stop the lift in the middle. Both her hands held the hand towel against her breasts. As the lift reached the ground floor, the lift doors opened and Deepa held the door and peeked her head out.
No one was visible in the lobby. It was fully deserted. She quietly tiptoed out of the lift and looked around in all directions, making sure no one was there. The clock on the lobby wall showed 10 pm. Because of the corona virus lockdown it looked even more deserted. She went near to the security guard's desk, which was no bigger than a school classroom teacher's desk. She got around the table beside the chair, but saw no sign of her big laundry bag. There were some grocery bags lying at the foot of the table.
"I need to be careful not to order groceries this week," thought Deepa, "I can't come down again wearing only one piece of clothing. But where the hell are my clothes!"
The lobby security guards sometimes went out to have a chat with the security guards at the society building main gate, because the movement of people slowed down after the lockdown and delivery guys wouldn't be out in the night after 7 pm.
She leaned her ass on the steel chair with her back to the reception desk. She was facing the stairs and then realised that there were some grocery delivery bags in the empty space under the stairs. She suspected that her laundry bag could be found there. She lifter her ass, but something stopped her. She looked over her shoulder below at her panties to find that it has got stuck on the ear of the heavy steel chair. The rectangular ear of the chair was made of steel, but somehow there was a dent, and a sharp twisted edge had pierced through her panties. She began to pull her panties away, but it began to drag the chair. She was not letting the other hand covering her breasts free. She decided if she could just move two steps away from the chair yank the panties off of the twisted edge, she would be free.
Instead the chair got pulled and if fell over sideways as the balance was lost, and with it's fall it pulled down her panties to her ankles.
"Shit," shouted Deepa. Her ankles got restricted as her panties was pulled by the fallen chair. Afraid that she would lose her own balance and fall down, she stepped out of it and began to pull her panties free from the ear of the chair.
Hearing the sound of the fallen metal chair, two men arrived at the lobby
Hanif the plumber was one of them and he witnessed Deepa's smooth round ass mooning and jiggling to him.
"It's the same bare ass I saw that day," said Hanif to the security guard of the lobby.
Hearing this Deepa turned around saw the two men. It took 10 seconds for her to realise that they were looking at her frizzly pubic hair, which never seemed to grow thick and left her crotch quite bare. She placed her other free hand to cover her pussy and ran to the stairs. Hanif and the security guard got a good look at the jiggling ass as Deepa ascended the stairs. She heard a metal with clinging sound falling down the stairs but she didn't bother to look back what it was. She kept on running for two flight of stairs and when she reached the 2nd floor, she stopped and panted.
She just had a towel cloth now. She walked slowly up the stairs, carefully looking at each landing door. After few minutes, when she reached the 5th floor, she decided to touch herself. The whole thing was so exhilarating, that she didn't wanna miss that moment. Before entering to the hallway through the landing door, she began rubbing around her areolas and the nipples and then fingered her pussy. She was thinking that she had shown her pussy to Haneef just few moments ago, he had already got a good view of her ass the other day. He just needed to see her breasts to see her completely nude. But what was he doing at the building at night? She didn't care. She had seen the security guard, but didn't care much about him. What mattered her was that some eyes were ogling at her, in a fairly public, though deserted area, at her nude cute light haired pussy. They even got a good look at her shaking ass.
Deepa slightly descended on the floor, leaning herself against the wall, shivering wildly as her breasts wobbled. She used the hand towel to collect all the wetness from her pussy. All the while she had closed her eyes and enjoyed the masturbation thoroughly.
After catching some breath, she got up and opened the door to the hallway. She now used the hand towel to cover her pussy, as she didn't want anything wet on her breasts. She tiptoed to her door.
As she reached the door, she figured out what the metal sound was, that she heard while she was running upstairs. It was her flat key.
She facepalmed and stomped her feet in regret. She decided to ring Kavya's door again. She heard someone was opening the latch from inside. She quickly covered her breasts with her hands as her heart was beating fast.
"Deepa what are you doing?" asked Kavya, "And where are your panties?"
"It's a long story," said Deepa, "But I need your help."
Kavya stepped out of her house and closed the door.
"Mother is asleep, I was asleep too," she said, "And I wanted to tell you that I took your laundry delivery. It is inside my house."
"Great, but right now I need my key, I left it in the reception lobby," said Deepa.
"You what?" said Kavya.
Deepa told her whole incident quickly as she kept on looking around for any sign of other people. Kavya asked her wait in the stairs and assured her that she would come back soon.
After about 10 minutes, Kavya came back with the key and Deepa's tattered panties. Deepa had many questions to ask her, but she decided to get into her house first.
"I had removed my SIM card from my phone because my boyfriend was annoying me. I blocked his number, but he has some kind of app or software which can dial numbers without getting blocked," she said as she dropped the torn panties on the floor, "My mother doesn't believe in the quality of goods from online shopping, so I had to go out with her to buy some groceries. On our way back, the guard asked me if I could deliver the clothes to you. He knew I lived on the same floor. Once I got upstairs, I decided to keep it with myself because of the seven day, one piece of clothing challenge. I lied to my mother that I would give it to you tomorrow. We ate early and slept. My mother and I are a sound sleeper, but I did hear the doorbell and a knock I guess."
Deepa then explained that Rima was coming back to her room the next morning and that's why she took the risk of going downstairs naked to get back her clothes.
"But I think you can be comfortably nude in front of her," said Kavya.
"No way," said Deepa.
"Give it a try. Call me when she arrives, I will explain it to her," said Kavya.
She picked up the hand towel which was lying on the floor.
"Looks wet, did you cum on it?" Kavya asked and sniffed the towel.
Deepa nodded shyly.
"I think I will take it then. Will give a new hand towel tomorrow," she said.
Deepa then took out the cake from the fridge. Kavya smeared the cake on Deepa's face and Deepa smeared it on Kavya's. Deepa then began to lick off the crumbs from the neck, cheeks, nose and lips of Kavya. She smeared a piece of a cake on her left nipple and Kavya proceeded to lick it off from her nipple and then began to suck it for sometime, while she fingered Kavya's pussy.
"Let's not make the kitchen dirty," said Deepa.
"I think I have to go now," said Kavya. Deepa got angry.
"Kavya, why is your mother here?" asked Deepa.
"She thinks that I might act crazy while I am alone. I refused to go my parent's house. So, she came to my house, after learning that Anvita had left," said Kavya.
"And you said you had a boyfriend?" asked Deepa.
"Not a serious one. Only a sex partner. Friends with benefits. But he wants it to be serious. I don't. He has been calling me to ask me if he could move in to my flat after Anvita left," said Kavya, "But he got mad when I told him my mother is coming."
"But you're like 25, why does your mother have to come?" asked Deepa.
"23. It's a long story," said Kavya, "Come on, drop me to my flat."
"Like this?" waving her hand to show her naked body, with patches of cream still abover her pussy.
"You went full commando downstairs and you are afraid to walk around naked in the dim-lit hallway?" said Kavya as held her hand and led her out of the house. She picked the panties and the hand towel and Deepa didn't hesitate to step out of the house.
After five steps outside Kavya's door they kissed one last time for the day.
"I will hang the next piece of clothing on your doorknob tomorrow morning. What cloth do you wanna wear?" asked Kavya.
"Hmm...my T-shirt, anything from my collection is fine," said Deepa.
"So, I will pick up the shortest shirt from your wardrobe, so that you can't hide that sweet pussy of yours," said Kavya pointing to Deepa's pussy, "Good night Deepa. I don't think your dreams can get any wilder than what you experienced today."
Kavya got inside her house and shut the door. Deepa wanted her to spend the night with her. Then she realised she had been standing naked and uncovered in the hallway. She covered herself with her hands, with only the ass exposed. Fortunately her door was not locked and she got inside.
"How am I gonna explain Rima?" thought Deepa as she slept covering her nude body with the old mattress, "I don't have a single piece of clothing!"