Debbie has been looking for a second job for a while to increase her much needed limited income. She finally finds one that she hopes to get.
The job is to be a "Girl Friday", and Monday through Friday as well. Her potential boss has asked her to dress in a white button up blouse and a medium grey skirt for the interview.
Debbie is five feet six inches tall. She has creamy white breasts that stand out when she wears her white 36 C bra. She has been married to her husband Randy for twenty years and is 40 years old.
She is to be at the interview at twelve o'clock prompt.
Debbie was led to Mr. Stout's office by his long time assistant, Louise Towns.
"Good morning, Mrs. Roberts, I am glad to meet you! As we spoke on the phone, my long time assistant is retiring after thirty years and I'm hopeful that you will be able take her place," responded Mr. Stout.
"Your job, as we discussed will be to file everything, to bring me coffee, and in general, to take care of me!," Mr. Stout laughed.
"You need to know that I am very particular, and if I ask you to do something, I expect you to do exactly what I say. I'm sure you will fit the bill after meeting with you, as long as you do EXACTLY what I say!"
"You will receive some strange requests, and some you may not like as well, is that alright with you?" Mr. Stout stared at Debbie again for the longest time.
"If you ever refuse any of my requests, you will be fired on the spot! Do you understand?"
"Yes, Debbie replied.
"Then, Mr. Stout said. Lets talk about your salary."
"You will receive five hundred dollars for this interview, and will receive one thousand dollars after you and Mrs. Towns have talked if she agrees."
"I do pay well, and will increase your salary as you learn and respond to my needs, and on occasion, the needs of other employees," Do you agree?"
"Yes, Debbie replied.
Her contract was drawn up and she was made to carefully read it. She was a little nervous about everything was binding for at least two years, and was renewable.
Mrs. Towns agreed to the contract and Debbie understood that she could not break the contract for at least two years, and she signed everything.
After the signing, Mr. Stout paid her all Debbie had never made so much money in one day.
Taken aback by his tone of voice, Debbie hoped she could take care of his needs, exactly as he told her.
"You will be rewarded well, and as discussed will need to work late as needed, and will need to accompany me occasionally on trips to other offices and meet with employees there. Will you be willing to and able to do all that I have asked?," Mr. Stout stared at Debbie.
"Yes, I believe that I can and would like to have the opportunity," Debbie responded.
That night Debbie and Randy went out to eat at I nice restaurant, something they had not done for a long time.
When she went to work the next day, Debbie was eager to begin her duties. She got their early and cleaned her desk, organized the files and asked Mr. Stout about anything she wasn't sure of.
Mr. Stout came out of his office and invited Debbie and Mrs. Towns to lunch. They went to an extremely nice restaurant, nicer than the one she and Randy had gone to last night.
It was a wonderful lunch and Mr. Stout sat between the two ladies. Everyone was in smiles.
After lunch Mrs. Stout took Debbie shopping. She picked out several blouses, shoes, and dresses. The were all nicer than anything she had and easily noticed that the dresses and blouses were all more revealing than anything she had.
Debbie looked to Mrs. Towns.
"You need to get used to wearing these, they are what Mr. Stout wants you to wear, and besides, you look great on you, you pretty, sexy, thing!"
The rest of the day was spent with more organization, filing, and cleaning. For the day, Debbie chose to wear a light grey skirt that buttoned, and a thin shear blouse that Mrs. Towns had picked out for her. She also wore a lacy white bra to match.
Debbie was a bit nervous when she was called into Mr. Stouts office. She noticed he stared straight at her blouse. Debbie blushed, thinking it was too revealing.
"I'm sorry, I will wear something more modest tomorrow," Debbie responded.
"You'll do nothing like that!" He firmly said.
"In fact, I want you to unbutton your blouse, now!" He ordered.
Please, don't Debbie started.
"Did you thoroughly read your contract!" Mr. Stout said very firmily.
"Yes" answered Debbie.
"Now do it!" He ordered.
Fighting tears, and fumbling buttons, she slowly unbuttoned her blouse completely.
"Take it out of your skirt, and unbutton your skirt."
"But, I'm married," Debbie said reluctantly.
"I know that, I was at the interview, now do it or leave now!" He was mad.
Having a submissive streak, Debbie took off her blouse and skirt.
"I knew it Mr. Stout said silently, I do know how to pick them!"
Debbie was now standing as he was asking her too. He grabbed a chair and moved to her. Without her blouse and skirt, Mr. Stout, could easily see her tits through the lace of her bra. Without her skirt, Debbie knew he was staring at her white panties.
Mr. Stout's face was almost touching her panties. He noticed they were a little wet. He would fuck her before the week was out.
When Debbie left for home she was crying. Still she knew that if she was to earn enough money to take care of their needs, she would have to continue to work.
Debbie said nothing to her husband when she got home. She just went straight to her bedroom and undressed and showered.
"Long day," was all that Debbie said.
Debbie was determined to keep her job. She had to.
The following day, she was greeted by Mr. Stout asking her to come into his office.
"Debbie, Mr. Stout said. Do you really want your job, than do what I tell you. I can break your contract. Is that what you want. If so you will need to pay back to the company the advance I gave you. Is that what you want?," Mr. Stout firmly said.
"No, not at all," Debbie responded.
"Than do as I say!" "Now!" Mr. Stout was again mad. If you make me mad again you will be gone!"
"I promise I won't do it again," Debbie promised.
"OK, then, prove it! Take your blouse off and your bra, and stand in front of me."
Debbie did as she was told. Mr. Stout was again in a chair. This time he studied her tits and stared at them. They were perfect! Lucky husband, but he would be the one sucking her tits, not Randy.
Debbie stood their, not knowing what to do. He reached up to her breasts and fondled them. Than he squeezed them, then he sucked them. And sucked them some more.
He took pictures of them. By herself at first, and then him sucking on them.
It was going to be fun to turn this once innocent wife into a slut for him. She just didn't know all that she would have to do!
The following morning she was called in to Mr. Stout's office.
" Debbie, from now on you will not wear a bra ever!" He then looked down at her skirt. It was buttoned. He looked at it, and then he looked at Debbie.
Debbie took her bra off and unbuttoned her skirt. Her panties were lacy white. Soon that will change.
Debbie was allowed to wear the thin see through blouse for the rest of the day.
On Thursday Mr. Stout was out of town. In his absence, he called Debbie and let her know that Tom would be taking care of things for the next two days.
Debbie received a text to remind her to treat Tom, just as she would treat Mr. Stout.
Tom was an older man who had been with the company for years. Tom was a rather thin gentleman with greying hair, and six feet tall.
Tom called Debbie into the office. She was dressed as Mr. Stout would want her to be. She immediately began to unbutton her blouse and then her skirt.
Standing there, Tom was not sure what to do. He stared at her tits and was amazed how perfect they were. He had to feel them and suck them. He continued to feel and suck for about thirty minutes. Debbie had her white panties on and nothing else as she stood in front of him. He continued to stare at her panties and she was getting wet. Tom felt her pussy outside her panties.
He had her turn around and bend over a chair. He felt her ass and pulled her ass cheeks apart. Tom went to his knees and licked her ass and rimmed her. Secretly, Debbie loved it! No one had ever done that before.
Tom went back to his work. He had to finish it today. It took him longer than usual. She had a perfect ass!!
Mr. Stout came back the next day. Tom, loyal as he was, told him everything he had done with Debbie.
"Did you fuck her?" he asked.
"No, but I sure wanted to," Tom replied.
Debbie was gathering her things to go home when she was called back to Mr. Stout's office.
"Debbie, I see you are not dressed as you should be," Mr. Stout said.
"I was leaving for home is all," Debbie said.
"OK, no problem, but you do need to take care of a couple of things first," Mr. Stout said.
"Take your cloths off Debbie, everything, and I mean it," Mr. Stout replied.
As she was stripping Mr. Stout called Tom to the office. He entered and saw Debbie naked completely.
"Tom, my friend, it is time for you and I to have some fun, but, I will be first and you second, OK?"
"OK, always ready for fun!" Tom replied.
Mr. Stout stripped and Tom did also.
"Ready for some good pussy? Mr. Stout said.
"Yes!" Tom replied.
Please, don't begged Debbie, I'm Married.
"Married women are always better," Mr. Stout informed her.
He had Debbie bend over his desk as he entered her pussy. He was the only man to take her other than her husband.
Tom was next, fucking Debbie hard and fast. The two men fucked her several times, making her suck their cocks when they finished.
She drove home with cum running down her legs. She put her wet panties on to hold it in, but so much cum kept dripping out it couldn't be contained.
When Debbie got home she hurried into the garage and ran upstairs to her bathroom. It was a long time before Debbie went downstairs.