A fictional story and all fictional characters are over the age of 18. Edited and proofed with software, so errors are possible. If you are nit-picky and are looking for a literary masterpiece, I recommend you move on to another author's story. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
_____________________________________
It was not until I came of age in high school that my desire to be nude developed. A teacher and my mother were high on my list of people I most wanted to fulfill this exhibitionist/voyeur fantasy with. Was it their authority factor, or because I find a woman of their age sexy? Maybe both factors are involved.
I became determined to fulfill this desire late in my senior year. Mostly female teachers at school were the cause of my involuntary erections. These desires to be naked for teachers became almost as intense as the ones I started carrying for my Mom. At first, I thought that feeling as applied to her could not be sexual, but now I am confused about that. I guess she has to carry some blame for that, it seemed like once my friends and I turned 18 she was dressing more seductively for all of us. When it was just her and I at home, her modesty relaxed even more. Her walking back from her shower, or from washing, or coloring her hair in the big tub in the laundry that was often done topless.
I did not think an incest desire was involved, but it seemed that both of us wanted to see each other absent of clothes. The male anatomy prevented me from being the same level of nude around the house as she was. I only have one part of me that is not normally exposed, my penis. I tried to convince myself if I exposed it to Mom in its flaccid state, it would just make us even for her showing her breasts. But my ultimate desire was to work up to revealing the erect cock hidden in my pants that got my mom, and even teachers at school attention.
As a male, especially one my age, I can not guarantee to not become erect seeing a woman's breasts, no matter what relationship they are with me. It would be up to them to make things even, and that would be to lose everything including that one small piece of cloth that is panties, or a bikini bottom. If they were willing to expose their vagina, my cock becoming erect would not be an issue after a while. Then I could find a way to justify displaying it uncovered to them.
Mom was as hot as some better-looking teachers at school who were causing me erections. I even noticed one of my closer friends getting hard around Mom, and her checking out the bulge in his shorts. It is not right that it would be more in the norm for him to see her nude or for her to see my friend's 18-year-old hard cock before mine. Most if not all my friends are of age. I am not saying that she would blow or fuck one of them, but if she did, it would be her business. If it can't be me, I would like to see her with one of my friends in the raw. I guess that might be more acceptable than her and I being nude in front of each other.
The thought of being seen that way by my Mom would show her that I have nothing to hide from her, and in turn, she might feel the same way. She is a single Mom, and in this case, my only participating parent, so that made us closer than most mothers and sons. To me, we were close enough for it to be no big thing to be naked together. My favorite teacher, I felt the same way about. I guess some of my desire was the approval that might come from either one.
I was sure I had a better chance to show myself nude, or get a blow job from girls my age at school. But even those of age were not mature enough to know how to react to visible boners that were causing our bulges. They had to be obvious, as guys saw them, they would by verbally pointing them out, thinking that might bother me. I think most guys are more immature than they admit. I also think most lie about the extent of their sexual activities, there are more late teen, and early 20s virgins out there than most people think.
I was one of those virgins at 18, I never had intercourse or even been nude with any female. I recognize the signs of guys that are getting it already. They were much smoother acting around women. In High School, my desire to be nude, and maybe even masturbate in front of a female had become greater. My Mom or a teacher would be mature enough to at least understand my desire, and maybe even have a desire to see a nude teen jerk off.
I decided that my favorite teacher should be my first target. If I lost my cherry to her, that would be the answer to a dream. I wanted to say something seductive to her, but her response would have to be guarded because she could lose her job with the wrong response. I have seen, her of all my teachers show the most interest in my bulge when I am around her. Just like a guy focuses on a female's breasts, women, and it seems especially older women focus on bulges shown by younger men.
My desire for a teacher to be my first was higher than that of a fellow female student. I find for one thing, a little natural aging will always be trumped by their maturity and experience. You add the practice of them showing themselves tastefully, and it becomes fodder for one hell of an involuntary hardon to some of us teens. I got to a point where I did not mind letting my covered erections show to my lab teacher. They did not get proper attention from girls my age, but the teachers, and my friends Moms' just loved them. Especially if I was able to show them a large bulge in nothing but shorts. We are allowed to wear them when we have a hot spell, our old school does not have decent air conditioning. I have a few pairs of thin ones that I wear on those days. Women are no different from men when it comes to seeing a hot body, something more prevalent in teens.
This high school science lab teacher whom I considered my favorite was just a knockout in my eyes. She wore tight, and shorter skirts, and showed more cleavage than other single teachers. She was in her thirties and divorced and probably was getting little interest from the few young single teachers we had, or even the married ones. The young male teachers wanted girlfriends younger than themselves.
I started noticing my teacher returning my interest in what I was showing was growing as fast as my boners. So I made her my preferred target when it came to teachers. I made sure she was seeing that not only did I have a fit body, but it also came with both maturity and a bigger cock. I started wearing tighter shirts knowing that women like to talk about young fit guys having six-packs. I thought because of her interest my chances of showing myself to her were much greater than with other teachers or my mom.
My plan to start with her seemed to be working, as she started to show more courage to show what she had to offer me in return. She knew I was one of the seniors in the split class, and was already 18. One hurdle was that even though I would soon be graduating, that would not keep her from getting in trouble if she acted inappropriately with a student. I noticed that despite that, she decided to tease me back, by increasing her cleavage and showing more leg. Sometimes even scoot up on the lab table right in front of my desk to get my specific attention. She knew I was the only one in position to see her sexy panties, and what the result would be in my pants.
This new act she was using on me helped me gather the courage to walk up to her in the lab one day with one of my larger boners. Most of the other students were too busy with their experiments to notice what I was doing. I stood in front of her and did nothing to hide or rearrange the huge bulge that was my erection, and her eyes went right to it. I stood there letting her see it and asked her if I could be excused to go to the restroom. I added, "I have something to take care of that can't wait until after class."
I took a step back to make it even more visible to her, and she turned kind of red in the face. She did not hesitate to grant my request. I liked the attention, so I would repeat this act on several occasions when I had them. I started adjusting them in my pants first, but not to make them less noticeable, I did the opposite. Her interest grew in time, and her embarrassment waned. I was not stupid, I knew she was both turned on by and on to my game. The panties she was showing me were getting sexier.
Once when I was exceptionally hard, and showing a small wet spot from some precum, from pocket play, she made what I considered a bold move for a teacher. When I asked her to be excused, she took me out in the hall to say, "I don't just teach science, I have taught health as well. I am limited to what I am allowed to teach or even talk about though. But it's just the two of us here so let's keep this to ourselves. It is obvious that you like sharing what is going on in your pants with me as you express your need to go to the restroom."
"I just wanted to express that you can take as much time as you need to take care of that problem. It's been all I can do not to imagine what it looks like when you do. It might be a good idea to try taking care of yourself before you come to school. That would prevent some less mature girls some embarrassment, and you some harassment by immature guys. It would help me to keep my desires as an older female in check as well. You do seem to be dealing with it better than I have. I am not the only one of the female teachers who have noticed the size and frequency of your recurring bulges. Some of us do talk to each other about older students and the few younger teachers that feed our desires. It sure put me into a dilemma as far as whether I should discuss them with you as well."
I think that was the first time it was confirmed that what I was exhibiting was having a positive effect on older women. She was the first adult female to express enough interest in my boners to acknowledge them. It was a doozy I was showing her, like most guys, during puberty, I measured one. Back then I was already close to 8" when hard. I think it may have grown some since then. Her mentioning it, and looking at it as she stared at the bulge made me want to take it out and show it to her so bad! I guess I was lucky to finally get the opportunity at the end of the school year.
Ms. Lymon would pick students to help clean up the lab after school, with no pay, just extra credit. I would have done it for nothing. I was so glad to be picked just to be alone with her after likely all the other students and teachers left the building.
I was about as stiff as I get by the time I was done, she had undone at least another button on her blouse. She was showing more cleavage than she normally did, I wondered if she was bra-less for me. I wanted to see a nipple so bad. Teachers know what they are doing, they are human. She was not the first bra-less teacher I had encountered, just the one that had large but firm enough breasts to pull it off. She was also willing to show the extra cleavage, to me at least.
When I was done she thanked me and recommended that I stop at the restroom to take care of my recurring problem, acknowledging my boners and their frequency. I understood despite me being of legal age, she was still on thin ice with me being her student, but it was her choice to be.
I went for it and responded to her, "I know you can see my problem that seems worse when I am around you. I also know that you are bra-less and showing me a lot more of your breasts than you do when there is a class here. I would be happy to reciprocate and show you a partial view of the bulge's cause?"
"You're a smart kid, you know I would like to see it. You notice I have this blouse open further than if other students were here. You also know how much trouble I could get into for just talking about your erections. She moved toward me, not only did my cock stiffen even more, I almost went into shock. My shirt was only about half tucked in at the time. She took hold of what was still tucked and pulled it out. Now it is up to you if you want to undo your pants to tuck that shirt in properly before you leave. But do it quickly as the door is not locked."
So I did of course, but I did it slowly to see her reaction, first I undid my belt, unzipped them, and pulled my pants down further than I needed to for the tuck. Some of my thick hard shaft was then visible as it tried to get out of the fly in my boxers. I knew if I stretched myself just right, more would appear, so I did. I saw her staring at it and started to flush like she had done in the past for a bulge. So I paused to say, "I usually tuck my shirts under my boxers as well, it will be easier if I take my pants and boxers down further."
She did not respond verbally, but the flushed look that came over her was expanding in size and color, and her stare down there said it all. So I hooked my boxers with my thumbs and brought them down along with my pants. I was not going to pass on a chance to show her all of my cock, so I did not stop until my pants and boxers were down well below my ass. She became even more flushed but did not complain when my cock cleared the waistband, popped up, and stood straight out.
I was dick out, and my exposed ass was no longer in play to help keep my pants up. They were slowly advancing down on their own, exposing even my balls as I stood there. That was when I learned what the expression, (Eyes got as big as saucers.) meant, hers did just that. It was then I realized that the change in her color was not all embarrassment like it used to be, this was partly her turned-on look. I was too, and I felt a good sensation showing it all to her, the kind that would keep it hard.
"Well, I guess being careful of what I say to you does not matter with your cock out. So I will just call it as I see it. That is one big fat cock you have been wanting me to see, and you let it all out, didn't you? Maybe I should lock the door, and give you more time to get something that large back in your pants, and me more time to look it over. Believe me, I was taken by surprise by its debut, but I don't mind looking at it. I would not want you to catch something that big and awesome in your zipper."
So she was reacting well to my full exposure, I always felt if I showed the size of it to the right person I might score. How far she was willing to go I did not know. So as she locked the door I started in the back pretending to flatten the shirt tail to get it ready to tuck and prolong the exposure that we both were enjoying.
When I pulled them back up to below my ass, my last move was to grab my cock by the shaft with my thumb and forefinger. I was well aware that my finger does not come close to meeting my thumb and was the most impressive way to show its length and diameter. Then I pretended to try tucking it back in as I made eye contact. It was the biggest sexual thrill of my young life having my hard cock displayed to my teacher, who was showing such interest in it. It excited me so much that not only was it in its hard state, it had a bit of precum about to drip off of the tip of its oversize knob. Neither of us had anything ready to say. I did notice she was taken back to the point she had to put her hand on a lab table to stabilize herself.
I finally said, "It's too stiff, I think it is obvious that it is too thick and hard to bend enough to get it back in there without it hurting. I don't mind you looking at it, maybe you want to help me tuck it in? I never thought this day would come I would be able to show it to a hot teacher."
"Well I can't put my hand on it, or I might lose control. I guess this way I will get to look at it longer because you definitely can't go home like that. You can't even walk down the empty hall to get to the bathroom to take care of it."
There was a pause in her speech, to think I guess. Tuned out that it was probably to gather more courage to say.
"I guess since the door is locked you could take care of that problem right here. I can't lie and say I would not like to watch, but I will understand if you want me to turn to give you privacy as you do. Just let me know, so I can give you some paper towels to make your deposit."
"It would probably go quicker if I was being watched by a sexy lady like you, and feel free to step in to help me. You would be my first observer of that action. You helped cause this and many others when you sat on the lab table in front of me, especially when your blouse was open that far. So if you did that, and maybe undid more buttons, it should go quicker."
She sat on it, and for the first time gave me a good look at her sexy panties as she opened the rest of the buttons, and opened it up to show her breasts in full. I looked at her large firm breasts exposed, and could not wait to get started. Now it was my move, so I went for it again. I now had a full view of her breasts, so I matched that and pulled off my shirt to show her my fit upper body. Then I let my pants and undies slide the rest of the way down and stepped out of them. I even removed my socks, I hated porn that had guys still in socks. I wanted to be not just nude, but hard and ready to jerk off, and I was. So I leaned back on my desk to make my cock look even bigger. I sucked what little belly I have in, hoping that it made me look like a Chippendale stripper on a full dose of Viagra.
"My God Scott, your body looks so hot nude, you are proud of that body and penis, and you should be. I can't believe that you are going to stand there absent of any clothes like a statue in an art museum. Not only that but that you are willing to take care of that erection in front of me? Do you take care of them that way in the bathroom? That body is half the age of mine or any man I have been with in years. I don't know If I can take just looking at you that way, I am feeling wet already."
"I have not done it nude in the school's men's bathrooms, they are too gross. But I have done it a few times in the ladies' faculty one. I would stand nude in a stall, as they have a door I can close in a hurry. Even though I know that the risk is lower that way when classes are in session, I like the thrill of having some danger of getting caught. I like the feel and risk of doing it in the ladies' room, and usually fantasize about someone hot like you walking in and watching me cum."
She slipped back off the table and stood in front of me as she lifted her tight skirt. She had some of the sexiest panties I had ever seen, I could not imagine them being comfortable as everyday panties. Was she wearing them for me, was I staying after school at least partially thought out and planned?
If she was wearing them for me, she figured they were no longer needed. She finished removing her blouse and shimmed out of her panties, and matched what I first did in front of her. Teach did not let her skirt back down, she scooted back on the table to make sure the first look I got of her bald pussy would last. She liked being on display too, and made sure her legs were open for me.
I had exceeded my experience and was relying on my porn education. I guess I already started my session. My mind was on autopilot, enough so I did not even realize that I was already playing with myself. When we focused on each other's sex, my playing advanced to masturbation. I already felt some more precum form. I used that as lube, and a warning to myself to back off of my knob and glans area. I did not want this to end too quickly. It was difficult to hold back, I felt so studly jerking off nude for a hot teacher. I have seen movies about students and teachers involved, and they did not hold a candle to this. I probably was taking too long, she seemed uncomfortable, but in a good way, as she could not stay still. Maybe she was a little paranoid as well, my age did not matter. I was her student, this could cause her to lose her job.
"You are such a stud Scott, you have no idea how hot this is for me to watch. I have never had a guy willing to stand and do that just for me, or have I even seen a penis that big. It is starting to become torture, and a little too risky. The custodians have keys to all the rooms, and it is just a crap-shoot if this one is scheduled for any additional cleaning. I am guessing you don't want it to end and would like to see me in the same state as you.
She removed her skirt completely and joined me nude. I did not want to mention her pussy yet, so I complimented her on her breasts. I told her they were the largest, and firmest ones I ever saw.
I laid it on even thicker saying, "I have never felt this good masturbating, you are the first woman I ever dared to do it for. I don't want this to end."
"I don't want it to end either, but it has to. What would speed things up, and still be good for you Scott?"
"Well, I am enjoying the fact that for the first time, I am seeing exposed breasts, and have at least a partial view of a bald pussy as I jerk off, a fabulous one at that. I am not going to mince words, I know you are enjoying seeing 100 percent of this 18-year-old's fit body as he works his very visible hard cock. To make things even and speed things up, you could spread your legs enough to show me a little pink, you know, some of your entrance?"
"Wow, you are mature for a high school boy, you are one smooth-talking man as well. I can't believe in this short amount of time you have not only got naked for me but have me that way as well. But Keep in mind that I am older, I know I am not as hot nude as a girl your age would be."
With that said, she spread her legs wide, I already saw her pussy, but not to this extent. I wanted to see all of her nude, meaning her ass too, but I did not want to ask her to turn for me. Looking at her gave me a total frontal with her tiny waist just as sexy as her sexual parts. She was a little flushed, if it was an embarrassment from showing her pussy, or her sign of being turned on, it did not matter, to me, it made her even hotter. I now had a hand under my sack holding my balls and getting a little more active with my knob. I past that point of having an extremely premature ejaculation. But still wanted to stretch it out. This was the biggest sexual event in my young life, I still did not want it to end. She could not help touching herself, and inserted fingers in her pussy, now I was seeing her slide them in and out. She could not help but stroke herself.
After a few more minutes that seemed longer, I am sure, she was getting more flushed. Her nipples were hard, and the red marks left at her waist from the tight belt that she had removed were fading. This was just unbelievable to me, I felt like it could not get better, but it did. My hopes of losing my virginity were now growing. I went for it and asked if I could see her from behind.
She slid off the table again, turned around, and leaned over it. Her ass had to be firm for her age, so I let go of myself to squeeze her butt cheeks. I loved seeing her pussy and cute little butt hole. Then I went for it and wrapped my hands around to feel her breasts, which put my cock between her legs and up against her pussy. I was ready to fuck, but she wasn't.
I got to her though and could hear it in her voice, "No Scott, I can't let you in, I am so far past acceptable teacher-student behavior, let's save something for the future. You know, another time, another place. If you back up though, I will help you in some way."
I let loose to back off as slow as I could, I ran my hands slowly off her breasts but followed her body with them back down to her ass before letting go. Since she could not see me, I lifted my cock up as I backed away to make my knob have contact with her opening. It felt good for both of us, she let out a short moan as I did. Her wet pussy gave me even more lube to jerk with and got back to it as I backed up to my desk again.
Teach looked me right in the eyes as she made the couple of steps it took to reach me. She pushed up to me from the side, reached down, and replaced my hand with hers underneath my sack, her other hand was now behind me and holding my bare ass cheek as she spoke.
"You are such a smooth operator for a male of any age. Don't think I did not know what you were doing with your cock when you let it go between my legs. I have rejected a few cocks from my opening in my day, but yours was the hardest to turn away. I can't allow you in me, but I can give you a hand or two, to help you with your endeavor."
It felt so awesome having her hands on my balls and ass as I stroked, and she smelled so good as well. The next thing I knew we were kissing. I had very little experience with even girls my age with that.
Now I was kissing a teacher who was not just nude with me, but engaging my balls with her hand. Yes, she was holding my testes and ass, as I jerked my hard shaft. All while we swapped tongues.
Like any man, well likely woman as well, I wanted more. I still wanted to fuck her, I came close, so I felt sure she wanted that too. The problem was I did not have the courage yet to push things past a no. The sexual play we had had already gone too far. It was after that thought that her hand moved from my sack up to my cock, but we were still kissing.
We had to reposition ourselves, I had two free hands, so I made one more attempt to go for it. I put a hand on each ass cheek lifting her, and slid my cock deep into her slit again.
"Please Don't, it is not that I don't want to. Stop by my place this summer after graduation."
I sat her on the table and gave her room, she slid off, and we then ended up back at the front of my desk yet again. I then had one hand on her pussy, and two of its fingers in it. She was in control of my cock, and doing all the stroking for me as I was fingering her. We each had a hand on the other's ass. Kissing was no longer possible but was not missed by me. We both were into what we were doing to each other. I was at least inside her with my fingers and got what I was going to take as a promise of a future fuck.
There was no question, the work I had been doing to my cock was not nearly as pleasurable as what this hot older woman was doing to me. I was getting close to cumming, and I was uncomfortable in the most awesome way. I could not hold still, and although she was doing most of the work, I could not help but breathe heavily as I was getting close. I do that when I jerk myself off and am ready to blow, so I did not have a choice but to let nature take its course.
She was still jerking me when my first shot of cum shot out like a bullet from a pistol and made it to the table, and I swear that first one made a splat sound even if it was only in my head. Each one after that, and there were many, stopped short and landed on the floor. I had made a large puddle of cum, and I was proud. She had some on her hand, and I even still had a rope hanging from my knob. She rubbed that one in, and with her cum lubed hand handled my sensitive knob while I came down from the high I was on.
I had to kiss her again, and she did not fight me. We moved away from the puddle, and I wrapped my arms around her. We embraced and kissed each other deeply. Our nude bodies reminded us of what we just did. I realized that she got me off, and got little in return, girls get that all the time, but is it fair?
So I lifted her and held her there, and let my still partly stiff cock press against her pussy again. She still was not going to let this happen, but told me I could sit her on the table. So I moved down from the puddle and sat her there. First I kissed her nipples, then started kissing her down to her pussy. She knew what I was going for and leaned back. I at the same time lifted her legs, and I went into unfamiliar territory with my mouth. I knew about how the act was done, but little about the destination, just what a guy learns from porn. So I started by just tongue fucking her. Then I explored with my tongue to see if I could find that pleasure point they call a clit. Something they could have taught us in health class. They separated boys from girls and taught us very little about the penis and testicles. I am guessing the girls heard very little about their vaginas and nothing about penises. Both sexes need to know about the sex parts of each other.
I did my best, most of my joy came from just the contact, especially feeling her smooth legs holding my head there. I got at least some degree of an orgasm from her, or maybe just some pleasure of feeling my tongue, but she was done.
She slid down and into my arms again, we had what I thought was going to be a final and goodbye kiss, but my penis did not agree. I was as hard as I was when this all started. My cock was in her crack again, and I was pushing it even harder to try to enter. Teach was breathing heavily, so I thought she might give in. She and I were holding each other so tight as we sucked on each other's tongues. I got as far as getting my knob inside her opening. Oh, did it feel good in there, but that was as far as she was going to let me go, probably further than she planned. She shoved me and I was back out again.
"I guess we can't blame your cock for knowing what it wants. My pussy wants it to, or you would not have been so persistent, and could not have gotten this far. But now it is a time thing, we have to wrap this up now. I am not going to leave you like this, but not going to fuck you either, so get up on the table it is your turn for some better stimulation than our hands."
I did what I was told, and my cock was sticking straight up. She was much smaller than me, but she was mighty. She lifted my legs until my ass was accessible to her. As my teacher, she had seemed to be in a hurry to get this event over and done, as a nude turned-on woman, not so much. She held my cock up and with her tongue, she started at the base of my sack and ran it up slowly to my knob. It gave me chills. I guess I never had a good blow job before, and that came next. Then I was looking down her eyes as she took this student's hard cock in her mouth. My knob did not feel as good in there as in her pussy, but when she started working it, I was happy. I was getting my first real blow job from someone who had been around long enough to know what she was doing.
She had this fantastic ability to use her lips and mouth on my shaft, as she used her tongue on my knob. She was mature enough to know that a blow job was not necessarily limited to sucking cock. I hoped she was out of control and would change her mind and let me fuck her, I wanted to prove to her that I am a man. That was not in the cards, but her taking some time to rim my ass, and sucking my balls were. I loved it and hoped that it would last at least as long as the hand job. I am not sure if it was longer though, she was just so good I lost track of time.
She went on to swallow my cock, I never even tried to imagine what a woman's throat would feel like to my cock. It felt so good, it caused the end of the joy as well. I started to cum right as my cock was coming out of her throat. I could not warn her, but she handled it. She just locked her lips around my knob and took it all, it was one less puddle to have to clean up.
We did a quick clean-up of the puddle, but both of us saved dressing for last, she must have enjoyed the nudity as much as I did. I went home still a virgin to intercourse, but I finally felt like a grown man. I did not lose my cherry, but it was a better experience than just jumping a girl, fucking her, and the whole thing lasting only minutes I'm sure.
I was a man, but also still my mama's boy. I never lost the desire to show her at least as much of my body as Mom shows me of hers. Yes, she was a single mother a good one, but even though she had never seen me nude as an adult, she was becoming less modest around the house.
She did not go around nude, but she started laying out at our pool that way sometimes. I could not get too close of view, she would cover her bottom half if I or anyone else got close. As time went by she would increase her walks through the house topless as well. It was usually after washing or coloring her hair, and would just have on sexy panties, and a towel wrapped around her head. But it seemed like she was using every excuse she could to show me her breasts. It was never discussed, I liked it, especially when mom's sexy panties treated me to a camel-toe, and never wanted her to stop it. I sometimes felt like why was that OK for her, and not for me. Who made up the rule that a mom and son could not be nude in front of each other as adults?
I guess it was fair, but it was not my fault that especially as the adult I was, a penis uncovered in front of my mom most people considered wrong. I just felt different after my teacher and I were nude together and had oral sex. If I was old enough to show myself to her, why not my mom? I felt that I would be even more proud to show it to her and that she might enjoy the view like my teacher did. I just wanted the freedom she had.
Graduation was near, and I had not had any more contact physically with my teacher. But on one of the last days she pulled me aside after class. "Soon I won't be your teacher, I will miss you as a student. You are welcome to come by my place as a friend of mine, or more, just to talk if nothing else. It still won't look right to some people. So if you are interested in some extra money for college, I could use some help around the yard, mowing, etc. It won't be a big financial boost, but it might have some other benefits."
I was in, just like cleaning the lab tables I would do it for nothing. I needed someone to help me get rid of some of the frustrations I was having at home, maybe even cut down on some of my erections there. I was on it, on the job, and my former teacher. She tested my stamina and wasted no time doing it. My first time there I did not even have time to mow the lawn, neither one of us wanted to put off fucking any longer. It was good having a more mature woman take my cherry, She made sure we followed some of the same protocols that we did in the classroom. I was much better at eating her pussy this time, I had been studying that act on the internet. She was getting better at swallowing my cock, she swore mine was the biggest she had tried to swallow and after a while, she did not gag as much.
Once I felt what it was like to have my cock surrounded by a warm pussy, I wanted to do it again and again. So that first visit it was dark before we were done, and I had to go back the next day. She made me mow first as it needed it, then I showered and fucked her.
That was the routine, mow the lawn, pull weeds, then shower, then fuck the teacher, sometimes we showered and fucked at the same time. She was understanding, she would take charge when I was visibly tired. Her riding me was just another of the many positions that I learned from her. Well, I have to be honest, everything I knew about fucking at that point came from my experienced teacher and employer.
A bonus was that when I was inside the house, she wanted me nude, I did not even have to ask to be that way. She admitted it was because seeing my fit teen body in the raw made her feel younger. I did not care if I was being used, I was being used in a good way.
I was having a great summer so far, I decided that before I left for school I was going to display my grown-up body to my mom. I just had to figure out how to break the ice.
Since I had this new freedom of walking nude, and often hard around my teacher's place, I decided to try to go for it at home too. Mom showed her tits, most of her ass sometimes in a bikini, or panties that could not have been comfortable for day-to-day wear. I had to deal with the arousal I should not have been having. I wore boxers just to make the short walk from the shower to my bedroom.
We live modestly with no support from my dad and have only one bathroom. I usually take some clean boxers or workout shorts with me. I had claimed my manhood with my teacher when I showed my young body to her nude. That led to more, and I don't expect that with Mom, but I wanted to at least show myself. I took it in steps, I wanted to see if she would react negatively to any of them. I tried just wearing a towel on some trips and each time I allowed it to get lower on my hips. I found the smallest one available, and let the slight overlap line up close to my package. I did not look down when she was around, but I could feel some air on my shaft when I walked, so there was some exposure, but she did not say a thing.
Then on one trip, I let my towel drop one day like it was an accident. The result was a quick flash, a thrill, but not as big of a thrill as I wanted, as there was still no verbal response from my mom to my exposed flaccid penis.
One day she was off work, and in her bedroom when I took my shower. I pulled off the flash, so I was determined to step things up, and deliberately did not take a clean dry towel or boxers with me for the trip back to my room. The bath door is almost right across from her bedroom door which was often open. I planned to make a noise with the bathroom door, and at the very least walk slowly by her door hoping she was looking, maybe even getting up to see what the noise was. It was not a good execution of the plan, as she had music on, and the slam I gave the door was not loud enough. A do-over would have been obvious, so I did not expect much of a reaction if any.
I was not going to be denied though, and was forced to get bold. I walked out nude and was standing in her doorway as she sat in only some sexy panties putting on some makeup. I was so excited that I was finally showing Mom my grown-up cock, I could tell it was growing some. The noise did not get her attention, so I just said, "Mom."
She turned toward the door and looked me up and down causing me to almost panic, but I didn't. I just said, "Sorry, I thought you were in the kitchen Mom, and thought I could make it to my room this way. I forgot clean boxers and did not want to use another clean one as a traveling towel. You are looking a bit surprised, and I guess I am a little frozen in my tracks standing here like this. But I did want to ask you a question regarding our nudity in the house. But I can go to my room and dress first."
I expected her to just say she would not look, but she shocked me with her reply.
"Son, I am your Mom, not a stranger, you don't have to rush away just because you're nude. You don't have anything I have never seen on other males. I had two brothers that were not modest at your age. It just is that I had not yet seen you this way as a grown-up. You seemed to get modest around me at some point. How you walk around here when it is just the two of us, is up to you. I can't look at you in a totally nonsexual way though. You're just too hot standing there nude, but I can try to act appropriately as your mom. As an adult, you can make your own decisions on what you do or don't want your mom to see or touch."
"I have not worried much about you seeing my bare breasts now that you are older. Even before that my sunning bikini and panties showed you most of me. So I guess you won't have much on me if you walk around here with your penis flopping around. But again, we both should act appropriately for a mother and son. I don't think I am ready to show you all of me yet, but we will see."
Wow, why did I wait so long to bring it up? I wanted to tell her that her being nude would be OK with me, but did not want to sound anxious.
I tried my best to leave then to go to my room, but this was my first chance to be naked in front of her. Standing there with my dick exposed to her was everything I thought it would be, and maybe more. So the urge to stay longer at her door nude was too big to pass on. I just had to think of a reason, something more to say as I displayed myself. I guess I kind of repeated myself, but it was all I could think of.
"So this is new to me, but I like the idea of not hiding anything from you mom. But are you sure this is OK to you?"
I awaited her response as I stood there nude with my dick now just hard enough to be hanging in a nice arc that I was proud of, it was in progress for an erection though.
"Well, I am glad you did stop and talk absent of clothes. You're such a beautiful boy dressed, but this view you're treating me to is over the top. But I am not stupid, I understand part of your reason. I had brothers who wanted to see me and show themselves. My one brother and I had both seen and touched each other once while drinking, we were both of age and in college. It is a story I might get the nerve to tell you sometime. It's natural for a young man to want his whole body, mostly his penis to be seen or touched by a woman. I can testify that having it be a sibling comes with a whole different thrill. Since you have no siblings, I am the only woman in the house, so I understand that I am the only female here to interact with you this way. I can see you have excited your penis doing it, don't worry it's OK to be proud of your dick. You should be, I am both surprised at the size of it, and feeling proud you have a nice one you are willing to show to me. But you better run along before I start seeing it like just any other big dick and not my sons."
"I think it likes you showing it off, and I think you are afraid to look down. You don't have to look. I will tell you the penis you are showing me is awesome, and getting pretty stiff, well on its way to getting big and angry." (and finished that with one of her typical chuckles)
I stood there realizing she was right on about me, they say you can fool a lot of people, but you can't fool your mom. I did want her to see my penis, and she was right about it getting more erect as I stood there. She even saw I was uncomfortable about making my exit once I stayed that long, and as I stood there it became totally erect.
"Well son, I am more than enjoying this debut, but if you want dinner on time, you better run along, it is obvious your friend down there needs some attention. I have to finish my makeup, then probably will have to change my wet panties."
I was so Happy I did it and got the response I did. She even acknowledged the fact that I needed to jerk off like my teacher did. Her use of the word touch excited me even more. I could not help but wonder if she jerked, or helped get her brother off, and would she do that for me?
Now I had something to build on. The next step was to find more ways to be nude for her and with my cock in even its total erect stage. Then there would be the most difficult one to set up. That would be me finding a way to justify jerking off and cumming in front of her, with or without her help.
I want to share that most private of moments with her.