Stan woke up the next morning and got up quietly to let Francine sleep a bit longer. He decided to make a call to room service for breakfast. They told him that it would take about a half hour to bring the food up so he sat out on the balcony to clear his head.
The events of last night were still fresh in his mind. As he looked out on the urban cityscape he wondered what life would be like if he and Francine indulged their animal urges as they had last night on a frequent basis. He decided he could get used to this life real fast!
It was getting near time for their breakfast to arrive so he went back into the room to wake Francine. When he came inside he saw that she was still fast asleep. She was lying on her stomach with the sheet down to just above her ass, her naked back on display. Her face was turned away with her blonde hair splayed out across her face and pillow. Her big left breast was pressed beneath her and bulged out to the side. It was a beautiful sight!
'What if I don't wake her?' Stan thought 'What if room service came up and saw her just the way that I see her now? She isn't showing too much and if I just play dumb it would seem like an innocent mistake. If Francine wakes up she can just cover herself and no harm done.'
As he waited, looking down at her, he couldn't resist seeing a little more. 'Hell, she is my wife!' Softly he raised the sheet off of her body and brought it down below her feet. She was totally naked with her beautiful round ass facing up. Stan did nothing more than to just look down at her body as his cock began to thicken inside of his boxers and he reached down and unconsciously squeezed it through the thin material.
Suddenly he heard a quiet knock on the door!
"Oh shit! What should I do?" he muttered as he started for the sheet to cover her. The knock of the door resonated again. His mind was filled with lust as he thought about someone walking in on his naked wife.
Before the room service bellman could knock a third time, Stan turned to open the door throwing caution to the wind. He quickly looked through the peep hole and saw that it was a young man in his early twenties. Stan cracked the door open just a few inches and peeked outside.
"Sorry...I didn't hear you. I was outside. I think that my wife is still sleeping so if you could bring it in quietly I would appreciate it." he said softly as he slowly opened the door to allow him in.
"No problem sir." The bellman whispered back.
Stan let him enter the room fully. As the bellman pushed his cart by, Stan quietly closed the door and turned around. The bellman had stopped in his tracks just looking at Francine lying naked on the bed. "Oh I'm sorry. Maybe I should just..."
Stan stuttered as he began a move to go and cover his wife. "No bother sir. This happens all the time. I'll be done in just a moment." He quickly replied. It was easy to tell that this was his first such situation.
As he pushed his cart to the far end of the bed Stan couldn't help but notice that Francine had changed positions. She was still facing the wall, but her right knee was now pulled up almost to her chest. Even from his angle Stan could tell that the young man must be getting quite a view of not just Francine's ass, but also her wide open pussy from where he stood.
Stan watched as the bellman took the cover off of the food and set everything up without ever looking down at what he was doing. His eyes never left Francine's naked body, and judging from the lump that was growing in his white khakis he was quite sure that he was enjoying the view.
The fact that Francine was lying naked on display to a complete stranger was having an effect on Stan as well. He could tell that the man had finished his task as he just stood and stared quietly.
"Is everything Okay?" Stan asked.
"Oh yes sir. Very nice. Thank you." Realizing that this was about as far as this was going, the bellman started to push his cart back toward the door while turning back to look at Francine a few more times.
Stan tipped the bellman and as he was closing the door behind him, the bellman turned back to steal one more look as the door closed in his face.
Stan came back into the room and walked to the end of the bed to see what kind of view the bellman had. He couldn't believe his eyes. With her leg up as it was, Francine's pussy was gaped open and in plain view. He could even see her puckered little asshole. What started out as an innocent show of flesh became a lewd display of his wife's wide open pussy and ass!
"Is he gone?" Francine asked softly.
"Uh; yes he's gone. How long have you been awake?" he asked. "Long enough." She replied, still without moving or opening her eyes.