I twiddled the pencil between my fingers trying very hard to concentrate on studying. Only one more day of exams and then the weekend! But I had two of the biggest exams left, Physics and Statistics. Only one problem, I was horny again! I say again, because I had already had a good cum just a couple hours before back in my dorm room. I don't know why but the times when I was stressed were when I got the horniest. Besides, I was twenty and a guy...at college and around good looking girls in their tightest and skimpiest attire! What else was does a guy think of at that age right?
I was nearly worn out from three days of exams already, but still had probably the toughest of the bunch left. That was why I was grinding out a late study shift at the university library. But I was not being very diligent to my studies. I was sitting there at a table hoping for any kind of distraction. With great luck every so often I was treated to a nice view of the library assistant, who was also a basketball cheerleader, a very cute blonde. She came around to replace books on the nearby shelves. At one point I looked up to watch as she had to reach to place a book on an upper shelf. That stretch had her blouse riding up just enough for me to see an inch or so of her very flat and tanned midriff along with the sight of her shorts pulling tighter against her firm little behind.
After one such stretch and reach she lowered back to her feet and immediately turned to face me.
I lost my breath and blushed.
She made eye contact smiled.
I smiled back.
She then took her library cart and went on around to the next aisle.
I breathed again. I also began to have a very delightful little daydream about her as I fingered through my notes. This girl was tall, with legs that seemed to go on forever. She also had a very prominent bosom.
Boobs! Huge, hot boobs! Yes, I was twenty and a college junior...
My fantasy daydream and the stirring it aroused in my shorts would have to wait though as I needed to get focused on my studying. I loved math but Statistics was beyond any math I'd taken before. It was kicking my butt. So I lowered my head and read away.
And that's where my head was buried when I sensed someone else walk by. I didn't look up right away, that is until I smelled a familiar perfume. When I did look I saw this girl walk to a table a couple of rows over from mine and dump an armload of books on top.
It was Mary Ann.
Mary Ann was slim and athletic. She was also the most gorgeous girl I knew. She was about five foot seven with auburn hair that was that night pulled back and held by a jeweled band. She had been in several of my dreams, okay my fantasies, all semester since we started taking the same Literature class. I had only really seen her in class and she was always dressed extra nice, dresses or slacks. Tonight she was much more casual, dressed in a worn denim skirt and a cotton blouse which made her look even cuter than ever.
Mary Ann and I had literally bumped into one another the third day of the semester as we both hurried to the classroom. Her books went all down the stairs. During my profuse apologies while retrieving her books I had got a nice close up look at those wonderful long legs of hers. I even got an illicit peek up her skirt as she squatted down on the step above me. I so remember the prettiest bright yellow panties she wore that day. They were the thinnest, most translucent imaginable. So much so, I swore I had even seen the swell of her sexual mound with the dark shadow of her thick pubic hair.
Mmm-mmm-mmm...
Needless to say that visual fueled many a stimulating night over the next few weeks. I sat there at the library table and shivered a very warm shiver. I had wished I had the nerve to ask her out. There I was a junior and I'd never gone out with any girl seriously actually. I hadn't dated all that much in high school even though I was a jock in wrestling and volleyball. My few college dates were mostly set ups, in groups and although most of the girls were nice, I was mostly just being friendly and definitely lacked the gumption to go any further.
So now there she was no more than twenty or so feet away and I still didn't have the nerve to even wave or say hello. I put my hand on my forehead and went back to my Physics notes.
It must have been about a half hour later when I tried to swallow and realized I my mouth was dry. I needed a drink, so I made my way to the water fountain near the front desk. I got my few sips of water and after wiping my chin I walked past the desk this time taking a look at the coed cheerleader-cum-librarian sitting there. We exchanged smiles again, but as I remember now I didn't give her the once over as I had done earlier. Instead I had another girl on my mind as I walked back to my study table.
Before I made it around the first bookcase I looked over toward Mary Ann and found she wasn't at her table, although her books still were. She must have gone to the bathroom I thought. Reaching the end of stacks I made the turn back toward my table when I ran smack into my prettiest coed.
"Oooff" I huffed, with the wind temporarily knocked out of me.
"Ohhh!" Mary Ann more squealed in reaction to her bouncing off my chest.
I reached out and caught her, but one of my hands accidentally touched her breast in doing so.
"Ooo!" She gasped as she steadied herself.
"Sorry, sorry...I, uh...I just grabbed the first thing I could, I mean..." Okay I was thoroughly embarrassed. I also expected a serious scowl and rebuke, but instead she sort of grinned as she straightened her blouse.
"I'm sorry." I said again as sincerely as possible but grinned myself as I gazed at her chest. Her nipples poking through her top!
"It's okay...don't worry about it."
"I really am sorry."
"Forget about it." She smiled up at me and then I swear she winked!
I blushed a deep crimson. For several seconds she stood there before me at less than arms length. It gave me the time to really look at her...and I immediately fell in love!
Mary Ann was beautiful. She had the prettiest face and most gorgeous green eyes. Her mouth was just perfect and it was actually was smiling as she looked up at me. She finally bent down to gather her things and in the stooping down to retrieve her papers and books her skirt rode up in back. I knelt down to help and when I did I immediately had a flashback to the incident a couple of months earlier. I know my head dipped a bit lower hoping upon hope to get another sneak peek between her legs and discover what color of sexy panties she was wearing this time.
No such luck.
Mary Ann was all too lady-like this time and kept her knees together denying my lecherous viewing.
I tried to speak, say anything, but as usual I was as shy as a guy could get.
"Well, maybe I'll run into you again some time." She grinned, stood and walked on by me.
"I hope so," I whispered as she headed back down the aisle.
I stood there for too long a moment I know watching Mary Ann walk away, her hips swaying, the muscles in her calves, thighs, and backside flexing and relaxing. What a gorgeous sight!
I looked around real quick to see if anyone had caught me ogling. That part of the library was not completely deserted, but the three students there sat quietly talking, in a corner table off to the left. None of them paid any attention to me.
By the time I got back to my own desk my heart beat and breathing had calmed some. As I sat I looked over and found Mary Ann slumped forward on the wooden table top, her head cradled sideways in her arm, the ponytail dangling down the side of her head. She was twisting her lovely hair through her fingers.
Then I looked down a little farther...although it wasn't all that hot in the library her blouse was unbuttoned fairly low. The shadowed valley between her tawny fleshed breasts was daringly revealed. I hadn't noticed that earlier. Hard to believe I would have missed a sexy sight like that.
Had she undone them after I'd bumped into her?
Someone walked by my table about then, my heart skipped a beat and I immediately looked back down guiltily to my textbook. I tried to focus on studying I swear, but it wasn't long before I was daydreaming about those breasts and the rest of Mary Ann. Only now I imagined her without a blouse at all. I was sure her breasts were big, round and soft, with the largest nipples. In my mind, I sucked each of those lusciously erect nipples into my mouth one at a time.
My hand slid to the crotch of my shorts and I squeezed my already stiffening penis.
A noise, the sound of a scraping chair leg, caught my attention and I looked back ahead and found Mary Ann had scooted her chair up closer to the table. I glanced underneath the table and although it was still a little shadowy, I could certainly see well enough to see her knees were primly together. Just as well, I thought, I'd probably have sexual overload and truly not be able to study the rest of the evening if I had seen anything more than that. But I had no more than finished the thought when she lifted her legs, kicked off her sandals, and put her feet on the little cross bar under the seat of her wooden chair. Her knees came up too and opened a little in that pose. I still couldn't see any more than before in the shadows under the table, but it didn't stop me from taking my daydream a little further. Having had seen her in that short skirt months ago and then the one tonight I pictured myself slipping a hand under it...of course she wasn't wear panties in my fantasy.
I felt a renewed swell in my manhood so I gave it another good squeeze.
Mary Ann was still looking down at her textbook and she seemed very intent on her studies.
Then it was if she had heard me talking about her!
Abruptly she leaned back from the table and her knees parted further. I was instantly treated to the smoothness of her thighs right up to...they were blue! She had on a pair of satiny blue panties! I had a full view of her panty-clad vulva under her denim skirt. I could hardly keep myself from chewing off my pencil eraser with the pleasure I felt at catching such a flash of heavenly delight!
Before I knew it I was rubbing myself in as best I could through the material of my shorts and boxers.
I know a moan escaped me as I was taken aback by the unexpected scene unfolding before me. Although I was conscious enough to take a quick scan around to see if anyone was watching me watching this beauty sitting like a sexy vision only several feet away, I couldn't avert my eyes more than a couple seconds.
My mind raced. What the hell was I doing staring at a girl like that?
But still my hand, through my shorts, cupped my balls. I could feel their warmth and I fondled them while I closed my eyes and thought of Mary Ann naked now. Her breasts were out for me, her skirt pulled up and her panties down around her ankles, all for me. I could feel my balls squirming in their sac as I played with them.
After a moment, I opened my eyes and looked over at my fantasy girl.
My hand froze on my balls. Mary Ann was looking up from her book and right at me!
I held my breath.
Only I didn't see any shock or surprise register on her face.
Then in a sigh of relief I realized she wasn't looking at me. She was deep in thought as she stared in my direction but more passed me in a very studious fog. Maybe she was trying to come up with some detail to whatever subject she was working on. In any case it was such a sexy look. Her lips were somewhat pursed almost as if she was kissing someone, or something...my hard-on surged a bit as I was sure I could feel those moist lips touching me down there.
My hand was still cupping my balls so I gave them another teasing squeeze before I ran my fingers up along my growing length.
Mary Ann finally turned her eyes back to the book in front of her and I just quietly, admiringly watched her as she read. That in itself was so sexy, a coed as beautiful as she, looking so smart, looking so hot! This was my dream girls of all dream girls.
Although part of my head told me I certainly should be studying, too, I found my gaze lowering back under her table, under her short skirt, to where she revealed those oh so sexy blue panties to me. I just knew in my fantasy she was doing this for me and me only. Mary Ann wanted me to see her panties, she wanted me to get off over her and her sexy panties; my fantasy was building fast! My hand on was still on my crotch, but now my palm was rubbing up over my hard-on as only my fingers continued to tickle my balls. The swelling in both was attaining a level of discomfort confined in my boxers and shorts as they were.
I had to end this torture! I needed to stroke myself off. But even that far end of the library was not the best place for such a thing. So started thinking about making my way to the bathroom and enjoy a good jerk.
(Just so you know it wouldn't have been the first time I'd done it there!)
As I arranged myself in my shorts enough to not be too conspicuous when I stood I looked over for a few last seconds of fantasy inducing glances at Mary Ann. I gasped and dropped my pencil at the suddenness of what I saw now as my eyes locked on her under the table. She had shifted her hips back in the chair. I hadn't thought it possible to get any harder than I was, but my erection went from stone to steel right then. I nearly lost my breath and the last vestiges of my decorum as I saw a hand led by a long delicate finger slide down between her legs. I couldn't believe what I was seeing! Her fingertip skimmed down over the shiny blue satin of her panties. I could hear my own raspy breath as that finger roamed in ever smaller circles across her sex. Just watching her scratch her nail across the smooth material was enough to transmit warm shivers through me. I only wondered what it was doing for her.
I dropped my pencil and that hand gripped the arm of my chair and I moaned.
I wondered if she knew I or anyone else on this side of the room could see her doing what she was doing. Was this just my fantasy gone wild in my head? Did she want me to catch her rubbing herself? I only wish I knew what she was feeling.
In the meantime, I had become so aroused there was no way I could stand up with out being very obvious.
I began to rub myself through my shorts in true earnest as I watched her finger trail a little higher and saw the pressure she was applying by the dent it was making in her panties. Her finger moved faster, back and forth in tiny circles. I was so surprised, so hypnotized by what I was seeing. I could also make out the effect all this was having on her as a wetted darkening blotch began to form on the blue material.
I stroked my cock through my shorts with even more vigor. I could feel the leaking in my own underwear by that point. I knew it was a mistake to keep playing with myself right there in the library, but I couldn't have made it to the bathroom as my hard cock would have been pointing the way for all to see!
No, I had to stay. Besides I couldn't give up watching the magnificently erotic spectacle continue to unfold before me!
I sucked in a deep breath as I gave my raging hard-on a good squeeze and could feel the pre-cum trickle out and smear over my boxers. I actually feared for a moment Mary Ann would hear my moan and stop pleasuring herself, but she was too far away. She was all too into what she was doing under her own study table.
Mary Ann kept stroking her panties and after every few strokes she would press her finger into herself; the blue panties easing into her sex and then becoming ever more dampened. Mary Ann sat there with her knees spread wide and her hand playing between them the whole while the cool composed upper half of her belied what I was witnessing.
I found myself, stroking my throbbing erection in near time to the strokes of her finger. It was if the head of my cock was stroking her panties. Of course, if it actually had been I would have been smearing pre-cum all across them, as I could feel it seeping out onto my boxers. I began to debate with myself knowing I had to be hallucinating because my mind had never before conjured up so enchanting a vision, even in my most erotic wet dreams.
Mary Ann wriggled and squirmed in her chair, her thighs moved gently back and forth. I watched as her hand left her lap area and one of her fingers went to her mouth. With her eyes closed she sucked slowly on the lone finger. She stopped squirming for those few seconds and it seemed that she was in a very peaceful and happy state. I assumed she must have pleased herself enough for the moment. But then her eyes popped open, she removed her finger from her mouth and lowered it swiftly to her panties again. She began to butterfly her thighs in and out now and she rubbed her now wetted finger all over her the crotch of her underwear.
She was earnestly masturbating now. It was the most beautiful sight I had ever seen!
I don't know who was enjoying themselves more as I had obviously gotten so caught up in this fantasy I so needed to go really play with myself. I needed to take my hard cock out and stroke for all I was worth! On the other hand, I couldn't just stop and get up then. I would have been more than embarrassed walking in front of someone to include the cute the library assistant at that point.
But my cock was aching unbearably and I couldn't stand it anymore!
I thought my cock would burst through my shorts so I unzipped and let my erection poke out and stand straight up. The minute I grabbed the long hard shaft and squeezed a breathy moan escaped my lips. I was past caring who might catch me.
With my cock sticking up through the fly of my boxers and shorts, I stared hard at my fantasy girl as I stroked myself. I saw Mary Ann close her eyes and the next few seconds seemed to last forever. It was like watching a series of high-definition digital photographs click by in front of my eyes. She began to move differently and her body stiffened. She was reaching a climax and I was just a few feet away watching it all!
It was more than I could take and I let loose right there.
I watched Mary Ann shudder and spasm as I shot my hot creamy load.
My body shook with each jet of cum that spurted out onto the front edge of the library table. Again and again, each streak of cum splattered against the table until I thought I'd never stop cumming. I closed my eyes at the height of my pleasure and literally saw stars.
It was incredible!
For a long moment trying to figure out what had just happened. I tried to enjoy the afterglow of the incredible experience as I feigned staring down at my textbook. I had never seen anything like that before, a girl masturbating right before my eyes. As I sat there with cum dripping off my hand and off the side of the study table I looked back over at Mary Ann, only to find her sitting all prim and proper, her chin cradled in the palm of her hand studying away. How unfair is it that women can cum and not leave such a mess as us guys do? I pondered that for only a second as I was still feeling good from my own orgasm. I took a huge breath and shoved my manhood back into my shorts, my warm cum smearing a little on my boxers. With cum still on my hand and the table and floor beneath I looked around for something to clean up with. The best I could do was some notebook paper, so I as quietly as possible I ripped out a couple of sheets. I more dabbed and smeared than cleaned up my mess. I balled up the papers and stashed them in my book bag.
A few minutes went by, and the scrapping of a chair against the tile floor caught my attention once again. I looked up and caught Mary Ann looking at her watch this time. She got a strange look on her face and then she hurriedly gathered all her notes and books together and stuffed them in her book bag. She was up and walking quickly toward the front door in no time.
At first I felt more than a little disappointed that I didn't get even a nod of acknowledgement before she left. But then I reasoned it was just as well, as her not noticing me meant she surely hadn't seen what I had done moments earlier. I had sure noticed what she had done! I also had already planned to take that very erotic scene back with me to my dorm room to play over and over in my mind as I stroked my hard cock, cumming just as long and intensely as I had done for her there in the university library.
With those thoughts rushing around in my head it was no wonder I was feeling myself getting aroused again. I wasn't getting anymore studying done at that point I knew. And I sure wasn't going to take a chance and pull my cock out and do it there in the library again. I needed to get back to my room and enjoy lying back and getting off in private this time.
So I packed up, left the library myself.
The walk back to my dorm room was non-eventful other than I couldn't keep from thinking of the beautiful Mary Ann. Her smile could light up night the sky on that campus I was certain. She was so beautiful...and I also had a second picture to savor of her...the picture under that short skirt of hers. The college youthfulness in me allowed the arousal to return in full measure as I walked along campus, my hard boner leading the way.
As soon as I got back to my room I was going to jack off again!
No sooner was I back in my room than I pulled my shorts down and my cock sprang up. I grabbed it in my fist and closed my eyes thinking back to earlier in the evening and the beautiful sight of Mary Ann. The image my mind first raced back to was her sitting at that library table, but now I saw her seductively pulling her blue panties aside this time revealing the most perfect pussy.
Hers would be absolutely perfect I just knew it!
As I stood there just inside the room, my strokes were picking up as I thought of her playing with herself, too. My cock was raging hard and I was totally swept away with the fantasy of Mary Ann. I was going to cum already, when...
There was a knock on my door!
I about leapt across the room and my heart about jumped out of my chest. I still held my hard cock, but stood there motionless and totally quiet. I could feel my heartbeat pulsing through my erection.
Another knock!
Whoever it was needed to go away so I could finish what I'd started. Then...
"Don!" I heard the voice clearly through the door. "Don, I know you're in there. I need to talk to you."
Damn! It was Mary Ann!
I couldn't answer the door, especially not for her and not in the condition I was in.
"Don, please open the door."
Only another part of me didn't want to let her go.
I took a step forward and wobbled for a second as the blood rushed from the little head back to the big head. I tugged my shorts back up and stuffed my slowly dwindling erection back into them. I took a couple of deep breaths and turned back toward the door.
Pulling it open, I found Mary Ann standing there in the hallway.
She stepped in and leaned against the door frame. She looked up at me, the look in her eyes tearing at my heart. "Hi Don."
"Mary Ann?" I barely choked out her name.
"I know. You're surprised to see me, but..." She looked passed me into my room. "Uh, can I come in?"
My head immediately turned and guiltily looked back at my room. Other than the book bag slung on the floor with the remnants of my earlier cum still in it there was no evidence of my most recent solo escapade. I turned back to the beautiful girl, "Oh. Yeah, yes...sure."
I backed away, holding the door open. She stepped inside and I caught that wonderful aroma again as she walked by me.
"Uh, what are you doing here?" I asked.
She walked to the middle of my dorm room and paused. She abruptly spun on the balls of her feet in her sandals and looked up at me. "I know you like to look at me," she said.
What? I started to protest but she held up a hand.
"Really, it's ok," she said. "I like it. It's nice to feel attractive." She reached out and took my hand. "I just want you to know that if you ever want to do more than look, I wouldn't mind that, too."
I must have looked utterly shocked. "Um, I, um, well, thank you, I guess." I felt my shorts bulging again as I blushed.
Mary Ann smiled. "Well, I see you like that idea." I saw her nodding downward. "I know I liked what I saw earlier tonight."
My eyes widened and my mouth hung open. What did she see?
She went on. "I assume most boys don't like girls to know they masturbate."
"What?" Words or the one word finally came blurting out of my mouth.
How did she know? I saw her, but she couldn't have seen me. No way!
She couldn't have!
"Well, I don't care about any of that. Whatever you like to do to yourself is just fine with me, believe me."
All I could do was nod and stare at her without really seeing her. I wanted to slip by her, get into bed and bury my head under the covers.
"So Don, I can see how nervous you knowing I know about your masturbation, but I assure you I won't tell anyone. Not a single person, I promise."
She seemed sincere, but I'm sure my face still showed shock, because she continued, "No, Don. I really mean it." Her voice became a whisper, "It'll be our secret, our totally private little secret."
She leaned forward and touched my arm. That single light touch sent a tingle up my arm and throughout my entire body. I surprised even myself when I felt the sensation settle in my crotch and the very significant hard-on that was still there surged.
She leaned in closer and whispered, "In fact, I'm glad I know some of your private pleasures. It's actually rather exciting."
All the while I stared, dumbfounded, at her.
She looked up at me, nibbled her lower lip very seductively and gave me an even more seductive wink. Then she lifted up on her tiptoes, tilted her head back a little and parted her lips. The tips of her breasts through her blouse pressed forward and touched my chest. The feeling was more electric than her fingers that were now holding my arm.
Then she was in my arms.
I so naturally wrapped them tightly around her, pulling her firmly to my body. I closed my eyes and the next thing I knew she was kissing me. I couldn't believe I was kissing Mary Ann, let alone in my dorm room!
My skin tingled all over. It was the best feeling ever.
She opened her mouth a bit wider and her tongue slipped over mine. Our kiss was long and hard and so very wet!
At first I had been more in shock when she divulged she had caught me playing with myself back in the library, but when I found myself holding her all that other stuff was suddenly behind me.
I was tightly embracing this girl. I was drunk and dizzy with desire.
I panted as I slowly dragged my hands up her back.
Mary Ann seemed totally unfazed. She was quite calm and collected when she broke our kiss and asked, "Would you take off your clothes and masturbate again for me, Don?"
"But Mary Ann..." I stammered as I released her and stood back. The earlier embarrassment came rushing back.
She continued, "I really want you to."
Still recovering my wits, all I could do was nod a feeble protest, but she reached up and brushed my cheek, "I've never had a boy jack off in front of me, but after what I saw tonight I really want you to. So please do it for me. Please for me."
She looked at me intensely with those gorgeous green eyes. I'd never had a girl come on to me so strongly and never ever ask what she was asking. But I also had never felt so incredibly aroused.
My cock was hard! I mean really, really hard.
At the same time though my heart was leaping into my throat, something I had never felt before when aroused so.
Mary Ann stood back and looked down at my crotch. "Look, I think he's eager."
"But..." I was still in denial no matter what was straining out my shorts.
That beautiful girl leaned up and gave me a few pecking kisses all over my face and neck and then licked her tongue in my left ear before whispering...
"So show me," she said.
"Show you what?"
"Silly, show me how you do it."
My eyes grew as wide as ever. I couldn't believe she was asking me to masturbate in front of her. Was she serious? But I didn't dare ask her to repeat herself. If she wasn't messing with me she might change her mind and I would lose the chance to fulfill my fantasy, my fantasy of being with her.
"Okay," I answered simply.
"Then I think we need to undo these."
As I lost myself in her beauty, she unzipped and pulled my shorts and boxers down. My cock sprang free and stood up between us. "Mmm, it looks even better up close," Mary Ann said reaching out and running her fingertip over the head of my cock and smearing the pre-cum around. I sucked in a sharp breath. "But I think now seeing him I want to be a part of this."
"What part?"
"I think you know." she giggled.
"Really? I'm not sure I..." she put a hand to my mouth.
"Yes, I know exactly what you need. And I know what I want." Mary Ann took her hand away and stepped back. She reached down, tugged at the bottom of her blouse and pulled it over her head and threw it on my bed. She then proceeded to pull my t-shirt up and off and tossed it on top of hers. "I've been waiting for weeks for you to ask me out," she said, running her fingertips down my chest and then out along the length of my cock. "I was sure you'd have asked me out after getting that peak of my panties that first week of class."
My stupid grin of an expression gave me away.
"Yes, I know you saw. I wanted you to see. I wanted you then, you know that? That is why I made sure you got a look up my skirt. Didn't you notice I was doing an awful lot of bending and stooping on those stairs? You think that was an accident? I wanted you to see my panties then just as I wanted you to see them tonight." She rubbed her palm up underneath my hard-on this time. "I was sitting there across from you thinking about you putting your hand under my skirt and down the front of my panties. I wanted to feel your fingers inside me. I was dripping wet." She breathed deeply and her breasts swelled in her bra. "I'm surprised you couldn't see how damp I was."
A broad smile came across my lips.
"What?" she asked.
"I did see."
"I knew it!" Mary Ann slapped my bare chest and almost seemed giddy at my confession. She also wrapped her fingers around my manhood and gave it a tug. "I knew you were watching me. I just didn't know how much you could really see."
"How did you know I'd be at the library tonight?" Although I was nearly overcome with desire, I was still curious. I also wasn't sure if there was still sort of trick going on here.
But Mary Ann smiled, lifted up on her tiptoes again and kissed me on the cheek. "I didn't. I've been at the library every night to study myself for exams. I wasn't even there looking for you tonight, but when I saw you sitting there at that desk I couldn't resist doing what I did. Don you turn me on so much, I couldn't help myself. I had to get your attention somehow."
With that she snuggled her body into mine, her bra covered breasts were ever so warm against my chest and her even warmer hand stroked the length of my cock.
I closed my eyes and took another huge breath before I could speak. "You know, when I saw you, okay you and your panties, it was like on the stairs all over again. And well..." I breathed deeply and threw my head back as she rubbed my cock head up over the smooth warm skin of her stomach, "...I couldn't help myself."
"Hmmm, do you like a girl's hand on you?" She asked as her hand swept over my cockhead then swiveled around and stroked back down my length. "Or do you like your own hands better as you did back in the library?"
"Ahhh..." I could only manage the grunt as I tried to regain enough control to speak. "Uh, your hand, uh, your hand feels a lot better."
Looking down at my full erection so very hard in her hand, she asked, "Would you like to see what it feels like inside of me instead?" Her thumb and forefinger took a new grip on the tip of my cock and started rubbing firmly with small circular movements. Mary Ann drew in a long breath with a hiss and the tip of her tongue licked over her lips. "I know I want to feel it. So much so I couldn't stand to wait any longer so I came to find you."
She lifted back up on her tiptoes and her lips moved back to mine this time. All the hesitancy I had remaining left me when she began kissing me hungrily. Her whole body was touching mine, my arms were around her and holding so close, I didn't want to chance her getting away.
Finally, she broke our kiss and rested her head on my shoulder. I could feel her breath against my neck and it was so indescribably amazing a sensation. Before, only the sensations in my cock seemed to be anywhere close to that pleasurable, but with her in my arms I had found a totally new and truly amazing sensation. Her warmth warmed me inside and out. One of my hands was in her hair as my other ran down over her back and came to that snaps in her bra.
"Go ahead, take it off." She whispered without looking up.
I didn't hesitate and tried to unsnap it with one hand. Since I hadn't had much practice it didn't work so well. As she giggled, I lowered my other hand and finally got the clasps undone. No sooner than I had and Mary Ann lowered the shoulder straps and shimmied a bit until the bra fell between us, lying across my hard cock.
She leaned into me again and I pulled her tighter still to my body. I felt the fullness of her breasts now, along with her very erect, very hard, very large nipples. My legs almost buckled beneath me with desire as my cock pressed into her belly.
"Come on," Mary Ann suddenly broke our embrace and took my hand. "Let's go to bed."
As much as I wanted to get a look at her breasts, I had to take time first to step out of my shorts and kick my boxers off my feet before I tripped. She led me to the side of my bed and stood me there briefly. I got my first serious gaze at those lovely, full, round breasts. I know my mouth watered as I stared hard at those extremely huge nipples. They were so gorgeous...
Then she shoved me backwards. I fell flat on my back on top of our discarded shirts, my cock slapping against my stomach.
Mary Ann moved up and stood between my legs. I saw her smile first. It was as beautiful and as seductive as her nearly nude body. But I did look down and take in her incredible bare breasts. They stood out from her chest, their fullness so ripe and inviting from that view below her. And those nipples! I had never seen nipples so large, and so perfectly shaped. They stood out from two of the most perfect breasts I'd ever seen on a woman, even in magazines.
But suddenly my eyes were drawn still lower as I watched her fingers slip into the waistband of those blue panties at both hips.
My already ragged breath was shortened more as the wispy black curls of her pubic triangle came into view. She uncovered them quickly, slipping her lacy panties down to her ankles. Her other clothes she just tossed aside, but the wet panties she twirled on her finger as she leaned over my naked body.
"You want these?" she asked licking and pursing her lips.
"Yes," I answered probably too quickly and too loudly.
Her smile was luscious and her eyes were full of mischief. "Lay back then," she said.
I did as I was told.
She knelt over me, straddling my legs. I could see her pussy lips were parted and light glistened from her shiny pubic curls, she was so wet!
"Close your eyes," she breathed more than spoke.
I did and the next thing I know her wet panties were on my face. The smell of them made my head spin. It was a delicious mixture of some flowery perfume and the aroma of her delicious sex.
I moved her underwear away and looked up into a beautiful smiling face. Her green eyes were full of lust as she leaned over lifted my chin and kissed me, darting her tongue between my lips. I caught the tip of it between my teeth and held it for a moment.
We kissed and kissed.
At last she pulled her greedy mouth away from mine and trailed kisses and tiny licks down my chest. Her firm breasts hung down and nipples were pink and pointed trailing down my bare skin to my stomach. As though she could read my mind she brought them lower and swayed herself back and forth, dragging those erect nipples across the long hard shaft of my manhood.
Ahhhhhh! I was beyond feeling good!
Mary Ann reached out with both hands, took hold of my twitching hard-on and pulled me earnestly, almost impatiently towards her. I was mesmerized at the sight of my cock being pulled up to such a sexy woman's beautiful pussy. Her hands felt so good wrapped around me as she positioned the head against her slick and swollen pussy lips. I felt a huge desire to simply thrust and be inside her but I managed to restrain myself. Then I felt her hands slide down my shaft and I looked up to see that sexy smile on her face, "Come on inside stud."
With that encouragement, I slowly lifted up. She opened easily for me and I watched amazed as the fully swollen head of my cock disappeared into her. She felt so very warm and slick and enveloped me tightly as she now lowered herself down upon me until the tufts of our pubic hair nestled tightly up against one another.
I felt every single inch of my manhood slide in her pussy. She let her hands slide up my chest as she settled down onto me taking that last long inch. My young manhood glided easily in and out of hot and wet womanhood. She met my eyes and smiled a playful smile. I plunged in and out, barely able to keep myself in check.
I was making love to my dream girl!
Mary Ann's body was even more sweet and beautiful than I could have ever imagined.
With each stroke I pulled out as far as I dared and then pushed my entire length back inside her. I looked at Mary Ann's pretty face, her full breasts, and those very erect nipples, but it was hard to take my eyes away from the sight of my cock slipping in and out of her gorgeous pussy. I started to feel the climax rise as early as my first several strokes.
I could not believe how good it felt!
Okay, as if you hadn't figured out by this point, Mary Ann had just taken my virginity. Yep, I had never had my cock inside a woman before.
Mary Ann's beauty and the tightness of her pussy quickly elevated my excitement.
"Cum for me, baby," she whispered in a voice deeper and sexier than I'd recognized from her before.
Mary Ann eclipsed every other sexy image of a woman I'd ever known and she became the sole source of my pleasure. I'd never seen anyone as sexy, never felt a woman's body so completely open or felt so good, and never imagined a climax could be quite so powerful. While Mary Ann's legs pressed her body up and down on me, urging me to thrust harder, faster, and deeper, her one hand between us started to make circular motions on her lower belly. I sped up my thrusts and felt my balls tighten.
I grunted and on my next stroke hesitated as I was on the real verge of cumming. My back arched, but she held onto me as if encouraging me to ejaculate deep inside her.
After another deep thrust and I exploded!
"Aaagh," I gasped as she felt the rush of cum flood her pussy.
I kept up the slow deep strokes, trying to prolong the exquisite orgasm as long as I could.
I looked at the beautiful girl above me ad actually saw pleasure in her face, raw, sexy pleasure. Her hair was damp and her skin glistened from the heat of our mutual exertions.
"Touch me," she asked gently. "Stay inside and touch me. I want to feel you there when I cum."
I slide my hand down between us and swiftly found her clit. I continued to stroke myself in her pussy as I made some light circular motions around it and teased her clit, too.
It didn't take long for her to climax. Leaning back on the bed her knees wide apart offering her sex to my full view, I could feel the first wave of pleasure sweep over her body.
"Give it to me!" She yelled again, lifting herself off me for a second and the slamming back down onto me we bounced together, the headboard banging hard against the wall.
I felt her body tensing. Her near screaming made me thrust harder and faster and my cock still hard within her.
"Oh yesssss..." she breathed as her pussy muscles contracted around my cock, almost trying to pull me back in deeper as she came.
Gasping and panting as she came back to earth. Her strong legs and arms wrapped around me as she lay on my body, my cock still deep in her warm wet pussy. She was gasping for air. I was wallowing in the afterglow of both our orgasms.
"That...was...incredible. Thank you, Don...for...everything!" She lifted her head and kissed me on the cheek.
"It was very incredible for me, too." I replied and pulled her tight to me.
"Well," she paused looking up into my eyes, giving a little wince as she squeezed down on my hardness still inside of her, "if you think you can make the rest of my night as good as this has been..." she squeezed her hot pussy down on me again, "I'll stay the night if you'll have me."
I brought my hand up to lightly touch her cheek and watched the features of my new lover soften. "Sounds like a plan to me."
"I want more," Mary Ann whispered. "I want more of you."
"Good." I said, wrapping my arms around her again. "I can't think of anyone I'd rather be with right now than you."
She kissed me, "I can't think of anyone I'd rather be with than you, either."
We made love again and she spent the night.
It was early morning before we slowed down to soft caresses and our eyes closed holding one another.
I knew right then I had found the girl of my dreams. She was so beautiful, sexy and smart.
Laying in bed fully satisfied and smiling, there was no doubt in my mind this was the girl I wanted to spend the rest of my life with.
In fact, I married her two years later.