August. Your mom and her boyfriend joined us on a little camping trip that we conveniently booked in the Eastern Townships, in Weedon to be exact. We even expected your best friend Evelyn to join us later in the evening with a rental car after she was done handling some work matters. It was going to be a great family getaway. Weedon was a peaceful little town, deep in the country with a gorgeous scenery known to that region. The sun had been striking from a cloudless sky for a few weeks now, but we weren't to complain at all. The kids could get a good balance of play time and rest time while your mom was there. Everything was under control, everyone was happy, even Jack, whom you were still breastfeeding, healthy and growing like wildfire. So we decided to book ourselves a little escapade while your mom and Curtis watched the kids. That early morning, you managed to pump a few ounces of your breastmilk for your mom to use in case the baby needed it. It was hard to tell how long that "hike" was going to take, but you didn't take the risk. Plus I was secretly hoping that the two of us could get down and busy and not feel so rushed to come back.
We were to go out of town a little and take a hike up a hill that distinctively popped in the horizon. It seemed to be the highest in the area, and still looked fairly close to the campgrounds. It didn't seem like any particular mountain, park or official trail, and I was positive the land even belonged to some farmer around. Yet, that single possibility made the idea of trespassing kind of thrilling to me, but I kept the idea to myself, in case it would make you back off.
We packed some supplies and water in my backpack and we were off. I got behind the wheel and we waved the kids goodbye, which barely noticed us as they were throwing water balloons with Curtis. They won't miss us, we thought. Oddly, you seemed a little jollier than usual. I mean, I love you, you're pretty, but you seem even prettier and more attractive when you're finally all mine, when we get some time alone together. You were wearing the kind of apparel you wear in a 35 degree weather: straightforward shorts, running shoes and a blue camisole. The latter was exposing a very good amount of cleavage which I still had difficulty getting used to, since your breasts had expanded so much after Jack's birth. That nursing bra you had on still packed the whole thing together nicely, I guess enough to be comfy for a hike under a scorching sun. It didn't take long before we were on the backroads, although still not too sure of how to get to our destination. We were having fun, chatting and giggling like two lovebirds. I was tickling your thigh, and your shoulder, and you were leaning against your seat, looking away from me, allowing me to feast my eyes on your body. You were definitely a little flirty, but I still wanted to play it cool and casual. As we got deeper in the dirt roads, away from civilization, you sat closer and closer to the edge of your seat, suddenly alert, and focused.
'I think that's as far as we can go.' you said. 'We're almost at the foot of the hill and this fence seems to go for miles ahead. We'll just park here.'
'Well good, because I can't go any further. This is not much of a road, anymore, I was almost afraid I'd get stuck in the dirt.'
'Stop fussing, you big baby. This is perfect!'
And you stepped out of the car with a big grin on your face.
'Listen to this...' you whispered. 'Nothing but little birdies chirping.'
'Yeah.' I replied. 'And there's almost no wind, either. Damn, it's brutally hot, and it's only, what, 10 a.m.?'
You didn't answer. You were rummaging in the backpack for the sunscreen apparently, and that's when I remembered we didn't apply any before leaving the tent site.
'Oh, I know, and I just love it.' you said as you stood up, finally answering me. 'And today, you and I are getting a good tan.'
You walked up to me, with that same big grin on your face, and I was starting to think something was up. I could usually read a lot from your eyes, but it was hidden behind those big sunglasses of yours.
'Um...honey?' I asked, hesitantly.
As I said so, you grabbed the bottom hem of your top, pulled it swiftly over your head and dropped it on the car. The camisole was pretty tight, especially around your bust, so your big boobs sprung forward a little as they were released from that one layer. But you carried on, and slowly reached behind your back to untie your bra.
'What?' you asked, innocently, almost pouting. 'I'm sorry, you were saying something? You want to put lotion on me? Sure, baby, I'll let you apply it all over me, actually, every square inch of my skin. But... let me take this off, first.'
Then the bra sprang forward with a twang, slipped off your arms and dropped to the ground almost instantly, as your big breasts almost seemed to push against it. Now, with the view of your bare tits in full display in nature like this, my cock sure started to stir in my shorts. I licked my lips, anticipating where this was heading. I had the reflex to turn around and make sure nobody was looking (although it was a view worth sharing), but I almost forgot that we were so deep in the wild.
'Wow.' I stammered. 'This is crazy, you're crazy. I thought we were here to take a hike, honey.'
'Good, good, you're starting to catch on. Well, this is my idea of a hike, you see? Getting some tan, enjoying the nature and walking around naked with my lover. So you better start taking off some clothes, too, mister.'
As I reached for my shirt, I shook my head, smiling, trying to grasp the words that were coming out of your mouth. But a little sun wouldn't hurt, after all. This was promising, I thought. As I pulled my shirt off, I saw that you had other kinds of plan in mind: you were now pulling down your shorts and panties all at once, purposefully and casual, without even feigning a strip tease. It seemed you were still only getting ready to go on that hike... I was confused. You put your clothes aside and looked at me, through your sunglasses with an expectant smile, fists on your hips, striking a pose, stark naked... except for the shoes and socks.
'When I say naked, I mean naked.' you said, pointing your chin at my shorts.
What were first feelings of excitement and naughtiness now lead the way to awkwardness. At that moment, I had the strangest boner. But I was definitely hard, at the light of this conceit. Not too sure how to feel, how to act, I said:
'Okaaaayyy... let me take this off then.'
You nodded. So I simply complied. I welcomed the idea of giving more room to my raging erection, anyway.
Now with the both of us completely exposed to the sun, I stepped in a little closer to you. My cock pushed against your pubis, but you grabbed that intruder gently and started stroking it.
'Mmmmmh, my mind is racing right now, baby!' I said, breathing harshly. 'I mean, if we're gonna do what I think we're gonna do, it might be very hard for me not to jump on you during our little trip. Even though we're just hiking, I don't think my cock's ever gonna come down.'
'I know.' you said, just holding the suspense. 'Just see this as motivation, and, who knows, if you're a good boy, we can take a break or two on our way to the top. For now, can you just rub me up with that sunscreen, please.'
You handed me the bottle.
'Sure, just... wow... let me do something first, before your skin tastes like coconut.'
I leaned down and reached for your left breast. Your fingers were still stroking my shaft, titillating. I moved the flesh of your breast around slowly, as I knew they were very sensitive these days. I pushed it up slightly and let it fall back down, just to check the sheer weight and density of it. I was baffled, as always. It must have triggered something in you, as I heard you breathe in through your teeth. You were letting me explore and have a bit of fun, and I knew you were also getting worked up to the idea of that nudist hike. I moved in my face closer and wrapped your nipple with my mouth, softly. I didn't dare to suck on it, given their sensibility you mention sometimes, so I simply moved my tongue around and flickered the nipple until I felt it stiffen up. I was starting to taste your yummy sweet milk, it was inebriating. You were pushing at the back of my head and your other hand was getting quite busy with my shaft. As much as I would have like to keep going, I let go of your breast after a few minutes and shook my head, trying to regain some composure.
'All right, baby, do I just do your back for the sunscreen?'
'No, silly, I want your hands on my whole body.' you said, masturbating me harder.
'Mmmmh, you're gonna get me in trouble. Ok, let's do it like that, then.'
I turned you around, and you placed your hands on the car and spread your legs. I felt like a cop preparing for a body search. As I moved closer to you, my dick locked itself in your ass crack, as it always does. I turned down the bottle and poured sunscreen over your ass and my cock all at once. You felt it instantly slip against your skin. I started rubbing in the lotion thoroughly as I rocked my hips up and down. My member was slick with the greasy lotion, it was giving no resistance at all when it rubbed against your ass crack. It felt like a rolling thunder, the sensation was incredible: I was going nuts as I felt myself sliding against every inch of you. From that position, I did the rest of your body as I grabbed on to it, including your tits that I obscenely kneaded from behind as you were still grinding my cock with your ass. Your breathing was getting louder and I was drooling, feeling that familiar tingling in my balls from an impending orgasm.
'Ok, ok, ok, I can't take this anymore.' I yelped as I pulled off. 'We'd better get going or we're never gonna make it.'
You turned around and smiled mischievously, clearly enjoying torturing me once again. I had just finished putting sunscreen on me, with a bit of your help, when I reached for our clothes so I can put them in the backpack. That's when you stopped me.
'No, no, no.' you said. 'We're leaving the clothes here. The hike is going to be some much more fun with the thought that we can't put our clothes back on, whatever happens.'
I couldn't believe it. Your exhibitionist side was truly coming out in full force today. We were going on this hike completely naked and it was bound to be the ultimate sensory experience. The elements against our skins, the tall grass tickling our genitalia, perpetual arousal from the view of my life and sex partner naked. It was a great day. An awesome day!
So with nothing but your shoes, you led on. I followed, carrying the backpack. (I didn't mind about the tan lines too much.) The first steps I took already felt awkward. It was strange walking with this huge erection between my legs. It would bounce at every step and tug the skin down a little, almost hurting me, but it definitely kept it hard. Ahead of me, you were keeping a good and confident pace: your hips were smoothly going from left to right and that made your ass cheeks roll against each other sensually, which made it even harder for me to stay passive. They were still gleaming from the sunscreen, reflecting the sun upon me. I could see your juicy tits jutting out from every side of your torso, just swaying freely with the rhythm of your pace. We tried to maintain a casual conversation but with difficulty. I could only imagine how much your breasts can be stimulated at that moment, how they bounced as you walked, feeling the breeze caressing your nipples and the sun just roasting them, like two big loaves of bread.
We eventually got to cross a fence and the vegetation drastically changed, though we had no idea what it was, if it was some sort of grain or cereal, if it was part of someone's crop. The ends looked like little cat-tails, or grains of wheat, and they had tiny soft bristles that just tickled and caressed our skin. I could see them, popping back up from under your legs as you walked over them. They sure looked like they touched you in some sensitive spots: you seemed to want to touch yourself every step you took. It did feel great at the base of the head of my dick, and against my balls. I was still hard. Rock hard. In all honesty, I did reach for my cock occasionally to try and keep it down a little, since the view of your naked body in front of me was constantly arousing me. Despite the wind, the tip of my dick was wet, oozing with pre-cum.
We could see a patch of forest after we crossed that fence. It was rather small and wondered if we should go around it, but we noticed in the fields surrounding us that there must have been a spring going right through it. We thought it would be the perfect spot to take a break in the shade, freshen up and maybe cuddle a little. I told you that was my only reason I would have want to take a break.
So we strolled on, headed for the woods, until you stopped dead in your tracks. Startled, I stopped too and I knew you must have heard something. We were indeed far in the countryside, but there were still risks. And so, we heard a faint, distant rumbling, that sounded like an engine.
'Shit...' we said simultaneously.
We broke into a run, hoping it wasn't some sort of tractor coming our way. And if it was, we hoped we could reach the forest on time to take cover. We were panicking a great deal, all the lust gone from us (sort of), running for our lives the best we could, given that our genitalia was bouncing up and down uncomfortably. We were almost at the edge of a patch of trees, about 100 meters away, out of breath, when we saw it: a big green tractor, turning the corner over to our right. The sound had confirmed our fears, and it became loud, almost deafening, echoing against the hills. The engine was headed in our direction, but did the driver really see us? We finally reached a bush and dove in, almost like two professional baseball players. Feeling like two animals with hounds on our tracks, we kept going, looking for shelter. I was sort of relieved that we managed to hide in time, hoping that the driver didn't get to see two naked people running on his property. I looked down and I noticed I had some scratches on me from our fall in the branches. Same thing on you: your arms and thighs had some minor scratches that didn't seem to bleed.
After running what we thought was a safe distance, we crashed behind a big rock, waiting for the tractor to leave. We were still hyperventilating, side by side. We grabbed each other's hand and exchanged a look. We started laughing hysterically. This sure had turned out to be an unexpected factor in our little trip, not the less exciting. We heard the engine getting closer, and closer, until it turned slower, as if the driver put the tractor on idle. He must be right at the edge of the woods. He must have seen us.
'Shit!' we went again.
Even the birds seemed to have fled the noise. All we heard was the rumbling of the tractor and the suspense was unbearable. We tried holding our breaths in. Then we heard a voice.
'Hello?'
Startled, you grabbed my hand even tighter, as if you saw your life flash before your eyes, as if you thought we'd get caught, taken downtown to the police station and watch our lives turn to shambles. So much for that camping trip...
You turned your head and whispered:
'Kiss me.'
I smiled back and said:
'I love you too, honey.'
You seemed confident that this would turn out all right, and that, in turn, reassured me enough. We exchanged a deep and passionate kiss. I felt your hot tongue dance with mine, I tasted your lips, salty with sweat. The heat was still engulfing me, even in the shade of the trees and breathing was still hard. My wild lust made my senses come alive again, engorging my penis. You felt it push against your thigh and grabbed it almost instantly. Happy that it was still there, that it would bring you comfort again, you clenched it tight, the same way you gripped my hand. You stroked it gently, passionately, as you expected me to be extremely aroused at the moment, on the verge of shooting my load. You were biting my lips during your kiss, and started moaning softly.
We heard the voice again.
'Is anyone there?'
It sounded like an older man. Silently, we hoped that he was old enough to not bother going through the trouble of finding us, willing to bet that two naked people can't possibly cause harm to his crops. I was kneading your right breast and your nipple, covered in goosebumps, was trapped between my fingers. My other hand was holding your neck, and my face was still sunken in yours, giving you the frenchest of french kisses ever made, heavy with passion. Your fingers ran around the tip of my cock like you pressed some sort of fruit, with its juices sticking to your hand. I tried pulling off, trying to last longer, although lasting longer was quite unwise, when there's a stranger calling for us within 20 feet from here. Plus, you were holding my hips, keeping them close to you, as if it meant that it was okay to let go, which I was about to. I whispered in your ear:
'I'm gonna cum, baby. I want to, but there's an old geezer over there that I'm afraid might hear me explode.'
'It's okay baby. Here, bite into this.'
You grabbed a branch off the ground and shoved it in my teeth. Surprised, I stood up a little, laughing at your spontaneity, but there was no stopping the rush of semen that was about to come out of me. With no way out of this, you stroked my shaft faster and pulled your arms together along your sides, making your breasts swell up even higher.
'Cum on my big tits.'
So I did. Your hand like a blur, I saw shots and shots come out of my shaft and landed in big globs of white glue on your skin. I splattered your tits, your neck and stomach. You were trying to distribute it evenly as you watched my member erupt, fascinated. I couldn't breathe anymore, couldn't scream, and I held on to that branch in my mouth which I felt was about to crack. The shock was so intense, I was about to crash down on you, but I was not even done cumming. Big drops were still coming out as you squeezed the pleasure out of me.
We hadn't heard the man calling for a while, and eventually, the engine shifted gear and the sound went away. I spat out the branch and laughed out loud:
'Fuck, that was fun!'
'Tell me about it.' you said, looking down your body. 'Look at the mess you've made. You sure had a whole lot in you today.'
Then you started rubbing my load into your skin, going around every angle, through every crevice, massaging your bosom. There was so much of it, you even spread it all the way down your tummy and around your pussy. I noticed that every time you came across your nipples, your milk started to run down your boobs, all the way to the ground.
'I know.' you said, looking down. 'This is getting raunchy. I'm all sticky with milk and cum, dirty, scratched and sweaty, but I'm loving this! I never felt so free, I just love what the atmosphere does to my body. It's the best sensation ever.'
'I don't know where you got the idea, but I'm glad we're on the same wave length. Though you almost got us in trouble, today, young lady.'
'Oh yeah. Well, it was worth it. It made it that much more exciting to jerk you off... But now, that was just our little break. I hope that we do find that spring, so I can... wash up a bit, you know?'
As you went to stand up, you got on all four and stuck your ass up in the air.
'So tell me this: are you coming?'
'Well, maybe not yet, but if you keep showing me your heine like that, I can promise that you will hear from me again.'
Instinctively, I crept toward you, as if your ass was calling me, and I decided to check the state of your pussy. I started massaging your cheeks and my fingers brushed past your lips, which were soaking wet. You felt it instantly and rocked your hips against my hand, in hopes that my pinky would slip inside you a little bit. That familiar warm and velvety texture made my sex manifest itself again with a solid erection. But I figured you'd want me to wait so we can get to our destination. I tapped on your bum and said, standing up:
'Okey dokey, then. Let's go!'
Resentfully, you stood up. We strolled higher up the hills through the woods, both fighting our urges. We kept throwing glances at each other, caressing our naked bodies with our eyes. This truly was the longest time in a row that I've seen you fully naked. After a long and demanding half-hour, we were gonna be out in the open again, as we could see deep blue sky through the trees ahead. And like an answer to our prayers, the spring was right there, at the edge of the woods, making a cute little puddle over a bed of rock. It seemed clear and fresh, coming out from a plastic pipe, sticking out a heap of dirt. They must have diverted the stream from further up the hill and sent the water through separate ways for the benefits of the crops. The faint cooing of the trickling water was simply relaxing.
The sun was almost at the zenith, and we could almost see the round tip of the hill ahead of us. We decided that we were far enough, if we didn't want to stay too long in the sun. This spot was perfect to have a snack, stay cool in the shade or in the water, and still be able to lay in the fresh grass under the sun. Only when you stopped walking that you felt your legs getting all wobbly from the hike, so you decided it was time to remove the shoes and socks and walk right in the water, exhausted. You squealed sharply at the first touch, and started laughing hysterically. I stood there, observing you a few moments, watching the goosebumps making waves across your skin, although your nipples seemed to have retracted at the abrupt change of temperature. You sat on a bigger smooth rock, spreading your legs. You closed your eyes and let your mind drift, abandoned to yourself for a moment. Then a vision of me came right back to you as you felt your hot pussy contrast with the cool water, firing up your libido again.
Over by the water, I was unpacking a few fruits and crackers on the ground. I wanted to set ourselves a little spot so we could get comfortable, but my erection was still aching. I was a little shy to get in the water that seemed pretty damn cold from up here but I wanted to join you badly. I grunted, confused, and started rubbing my shaft behind your back. As you heard me, you turned your head and observed me for a bit. I didn't stop. Again, I couldn't tell where your eyes were looking from behind your sunglasses, but I assumed that you were intrigued by what I was doing to myself. Intrigued, but also turned on. I was drunk on sex. This whole trip had been nothing but sheer arousal and teasing, and it was affecting some deep regions of my soul, as if all this desire to get naked in nature was always part of me, like a primal instinct. It was almost debilitating.
I kept jerking off and I walked up to you, trying to put one foot in front of the other. As you faced me, you kept staring and I came down with you in the water. You wouldn't say anything, but you made a sudden gesture with your hand, telling me to stop, which I did. Your legs were still spread wide open, exposing your wet cunt in front of me. Your huge tits were magnificent, firm and full, slightly drooping down each side of your ribcage. Your arched your back and removed your sunglasses. Then you proceeded to run your hand down your legs and over your snatch, finally abandoning all resistance. You looked up to me as you were feeling it up, with your fingers spreading open your pussy lips and sticking out your clit. If that was sign language for "Do the same as me", then I started stroking my shaft again, a few feet only away from your face. Your little fingers were playing with your clit, making tiny circles around it. You were staring at my cock coming in and out of my hand: that was turning you on so bad. Your eyelids were getting heavy and you let out moans that became louder and louder, echoing in the hill. You drew your head back, which was right on level with where the water came out of the pipe. Your hair in that ponytail suddenly got drenched and water ran down your body, behind your ears, down your neck, between your breasts, over your nipples, along your tummy and inside your pussy. Your legs were still wide open, exposing your cunt to me, as you tickled your clitoris. What I had then in front of me was a powerful image of sex-appeal, a true goddess in communion with nature. You seemed aware of the force you were emanating: my legs started trembling , rubbing my sex feebly as you threw me a wild and luscious gaze.
Oh my god! I squinted my eyes, barely believing what I was seeing. I felt my eyes watery from the emotion and what I was witnessing. Then I looked away, laughing uncontrollably. Breaking out of your trance, you joined me in laughter, stood up and asked:
'What? What's the matter?'
'Nothing, honey.' I lied. 'I'm just so happy to be your man, that's all.'
'Awww, that's sweet. I'm all yours too, you know that, sweetie. Come with me then so we can lay down, cuddle a bit and have a snack.'
With that suggestion in mind, who knew that we would be doing the three at the same time. You laid on your back in the grass as I disposed grapes and bits of cheese on your body, only to run down your skin with my tongue and eat them all out. I insisted on your nipples to clear out the cracker crumbs and you squirmed and twisted in pleasure as you moaned louder with your mouth open. Then I put a grape in my mouth, went for your pussy and pushed it inside, but your muscles being so contracted around there only pushed it back out in my mouth. I repeated the motion many times while I thumbed your clitoris, penetrating you with that grape. You were clearly on your way to a powerful orgasm, so I kept going harder and harder. From my point of view, you still looked like the wet goddess of my fantasies.You licked your fingers sticky from the fruits we've eaten; your other hand massaged your tits and pulled your nipples high towards the burning sun. Milk was squirting up in the air like a fountain and landed on your face and body, in my hair. You expressed so much milk, it was coming down in streams down your belly and into my mouth. Your boobs got so full after all that time that you were apart from our baby, and I was here to enjoy it. You were moaning so loud, it sounded like a porn movie was playing. Truly, with no one around to hear us, you knew it was much better to just let it all out.
I stood up on my knees and rubbed my cock. You looked up suddenly, wondered why I stopped, but I made this gesture with my finger, indicating you to turn around so I'd get behind you. I was almost deaf from my heart pounding in my ears and my mouth was watering from the view of your milk covered tits. Then as you turned around, your butt crack reached my throbbing erection and I couldn't help myself but to slide myself inside it again. I pressed your buttocks tightly against my cock and, feeling an unnamable amount of friction, I started moving up and down, moaning like a beast.
'Baby, that's incredible, you're making me so haaard!'
'You really love my ass, do you? You love fucking my butt cheeks like that? Mmmmm, I love feeling the whole length of your big meat crawling down my butt, it's making me so wet. Look at what you're doing to me, I'm putting four fingers inside me!'
'That's right, my big cock loves getting stuck in your ass cheeks. But now, I'm gonna get you more than just fingers inside you.'
On these words, I backed off from your hips, aimed my wet tip for your pussy and pushed slowly forward, as we both held on to our breaths, groaning in unison. The sun was striking down on us and sweat started to pearl our skins as we embarked on this wild erotic tango. With one knee up, I smacked my hips against your ass as my member came in and out of you, and I could lean over you and reach down for your dangling super-tits. As I pinched your nipples and expressed more milk out of you, your squeal went up another octave. All the while, you had reached one hand between your legs and you were making circles around your swollen clitoris. I could feel your fingers touching my cock in the process.
I was fucking you like a sport professional and I was taking you with me to the finish line. You weren't speaking much anymore: your breathing became staggered and your movements quickened. You were going to trap me inside you in order to feel my pulsating cock shoot out yet another load of semen. I could feel it coming fast.
'Oh my god, keep going!' you yelled. 'Fuck me harder!'
Then in broad daylight, I saw stars appearing in my field of vision and the sky started falling. I could hear both our screams as we went down this maelstrom of absurd orgasmic bliss, abandoning ourselves to mother nature. I was squinting my eyes so hard, trying to handle the shock, but the orgasm was such that my knees gave way and made me collapse over you, sending both our faces in the fresh moss of the field. We were on the verge of blacking out from sunstroke.
We laid there for what seemed like 20 minutes before I felt reality crawl back to me, when I heard this faint and remote noise of a plane overhead. Then I heard the birds, and the breeze, and as I opened my eyes slowly, you, my wife, Cindy, were there in front of me, your nose touching mine. You smiled and I smiled back, caressing your hip.
'Hi.' you said.
'Hi.'
'Really, those things you make me do, sometimes. This is all your fault. You're such a pervert, but you're MY pervert.'
'If you think you never had this in you, I'm glad I helped to bring it out. We should do this more often. This was an unbelievable experience.'
'Yeah, and it's far from over, remember?' you said, looking around us. 'We didn't bring our clothes with us and I'm afraid that you will get dirty thoughts again on our way back down.
'Well, you know me too well, honey. What can I do? With your naked body at my disposition, it's a miracle I even managed to walk all the way through this "hike" of yours.'
As you laughed, you pushed yourself up to kneel beside me, stretching your back. Your big titties came in full view again and, miraculously, it sent another jolt of blood to my organ. Subconsciously, I reached out for them and started massaging their flesh, barely covering one up with my hand. Sort of unimpressed, your eyebrows raised as you looked at my hand on your breast with an air of hopelessness. Then your eyes watched my dick lift itself, as if attached to a helium balloon.
'So predictable.' you said, shaking your head.
'I plead guilty.' I said, shrugging.
You let yourself getting felt up a little longer than I thought you would, given that we had to start heading back to the campground. That got me into thinking that you were still willing to have some sexy time. But you stood up in a playful manner, looking falsely offended and turned around to pack my bag. I loved that you were fooling around with me this way, and kept an ongoing intrigue between us, a partial and unresolved tension, a perpetual tease.
We put our shoes on and departed for the way back to the car. Given that the sun was just scorching, we opted again to go through the shade in the woods, as it was also the shortest way back. We walked hand in hand, keeping a casual conversation and making hilarious innuendos about our situation. Seeing your naked body in the corner of my eyes was just enough for me to maintain a rigid erection. From time to time, you made me check that the feeling was mutual as you took my hand and placed it against your pussy, still slick with your juices. You would even let me flick your clit, but that was only slowing down our pace. You kept pushing away my hand, even though you knew you'd have want me to have another go at you.
The way down the hill went by much faster, of course, and soon we arrived to where our car was parked. Not wanting this to end, you gave me signs that it was time to fool around again before we went back to the campground. So you turned around and gave me another wet kiss, while your hand reached for my knob again. It was always so good to feel your hand on my cock.
The car was close by, but further in the corner of my eye, I saw a silhouette, and metal gleaming in the sun... There was another car. I jumped, trying to react and run for it, take you by the hand in the process. But it was too late, the stranger by the car saw us. The person was actually laying on the hood of the car, on a towel, seemingly getting a tan. A woman.
'Hi!' she said.
You finally spun around, realizing there was someone there walking up to us, although you didn't seem as afraid as I was, like you recognized her tone of voice.
'Evelyn?'
'That's me! I... got here earlier than I told you I would. My boss called in sick, couldn't open the office. When I got to the campground, you basically had just left and your mom told me of your possible whereabouts, so I decided to try and hunt you down. But it was harder than I thought, and I just got here and saw your car, so I decided I'd get a little tan... What's up, you guys?'
All the while, Evelyn tried to hold in from bursting out laughing at the obvious embarrassment, which I guess was a little more on my part than in between you two, as I've heard interesting stories from your trip to Europe: your nudity clearly didn't seem to be an issue here. You were standing there, fists on your hips, thinking of an answer.
'Oh, you know, we thought we'd get some fresh air, spend some time away from the kids. But as you can see, things got out of hand, and we encountered a little... wardrobe malfunction in the process.'
Both you and Evelyn laughed out loud at this, but I was quietly hoping you'd let go of my hand you were holding so tight, so I can go get my clothes. Evelyn was donning a cute little bikini which I guess she stripped down to as she waited for us to come back. The percentage of clothes being worn in the immediate sector was dangerously low, I thought.
You didn't need to be a rocket science specialist to figure out what we've been up to. Especially that I was still sporting a healthy erection, which was risky for Evelyn to think that it was aimed at her. I decided not to speak and let you handle this: she was your best friend after all.
'I saw you guys coming down.' she said. 'It seemed like a pretty cool idea for a hike. I'm surprised at you, though. I thought, since you're breastfeeding, a lack of support could hurt your breasts, especially during a hike this, wouldn't it?
'Oh, no, it's all good! See? They stand high enough, and don't droop too much. It's like my muscles in this area were trained better for a third baby, you know? Even though I'm sure they're making more milk now than ever, they still do the job. Only downside, though, is that I was leaking every now and then as I was walking up there. Not that it mattered, as I had my own little personal cleaner here with me, didn't I, honey?'
I suddenly pictured myself with a milk mustache as I forced a laugh.
'Huh, huh.' replied Evelyn.
I was sure she winked at me through her sunglasses.
'You look a little nervous, Dave, a little tense. Are Cindy's big boobies here putting you in this state?' she said, walking in closer towards us.
'Well, you can congratulate him, actually, Evelyn. He's still stiff as a bar after all the fun we got to have up there. He's very much a boob man and seeing big tits like mine, he just can't help himself.'
'With reason, right? I mean, they really are awesome. They get so full of milk, but they're still firm and nice... Mmmmh, remember back in elementary school, I kept telling you that you would be the one getting bigger boobs than mine and that you would feed one hundred babies?'
'Ah ah! Yeah. But I still think you have pretty tits. Right, honey?'
You put me out of my trance, trying to stare at four breasts at once. Now, this was getting out of hand. I couldn't answer.
'After all the times I've seen them in Europe, it's a view worth sharing, trust me. I think my boyfriend should see them, what do you think?'
'Oh, my pleasure.'
With a single twist of the wrist, Evelyn untied her bikini top and it fell to the ground. Her tits were pear shaped and creamy white, with little freckles on top. They definitely stood higher up than most average breasts, despite their visibly large and interesting consistence. The areola was not as broad as yours, but the nipples definitely seemed stiff. Was it the breeze, was it arousal slowly surging? Or both? Then, you raised a hand towards her and seized one of her tits, looking all natural, like you've done this before.
'I think my boyfriend enjoys the view. Look at his hard raging cock.'
At this, Evelyn didn't seem to have a reply, as she must have been simply gaping at it through her sunglasses. As if this was some silent order, Evelyn reached across and grabbed my aforementioned hard raging cock. It felt suddenly strange to have someone else's hands on me, but nonetheless highly thrilling, since you were there with me to share the feeling. She started rubbing it with dexterity and with care, afraid it would explode as it seemed it would do imminently. My tip was purple and glistening with pre-cum and my whole shaft was covered in veins, running with my boiling blood; my balls felt like they started to hurt after their third time being solicited.
'Mmmmm, oh my god, what's going on?' I moaned. 'I'm so goddamn turned on! Yessss...'
'What's the matter?' you said, grinning. 'I always told you I'd be more willing to do a threesome with a girl than with a guy. And Evelyn here was always around, sort of hoping she'd get her hands on your big piece of meat that I've been telling her so often about.'
'Oh yeah!' she said. 'I've heard all sorts of fun stories... Oh, Cindy! Look, you're leaking. Wow, your tits are just squirting!'
'Yeah, I know. I think you're turning me on, too. Mmmmmh, here, come my babies, momma needs a little help.'
You laughed, grabbed both the back of our heads and made our faces plunge right into your chest. Then we were immediately covered with your sweet nectar that was coming out in streams from your nipples. Evelyn started moaning and she cupped your big juicy boob while she sampled your breastmilk; her other hand was getting busier on my dick and I was feeling my own milk coming up soon. As for me, I had my two hands cupping your other breast, as I just couldn't get enough. I was indulging on this infinite resource that was your breastmilk. I gasped for air for a second and thrust my hips in Evelyn's direction, grunting. She looked at me and said:
'You like that, don't you? Here, let's try something else. Oh, the possibilities!'
Evelyn took your nipple between her fingers and aimed it for my cock. Naturally, the milk was still coming out in torrents and soon, my cock was covered with the stuff. The treatment we gave to your nipples seemed to arouse you to new heights: you entered into convulsions on every contact and you tilted your head back, moaning openly. Evelyn kneeled down and engulfed my big cock immediately, licking it clean from the milk. But it looked like she wouldn't stop there: she kept going, sucking it energetically with your permission. I couldn't get much more of this, I felt like I was going to faint before I even shot my load. She would stop right at the tip and slide her tongue right under my head, where my dick is most sensitive. She looked like she was being rained on with milk. You were still squirting profusely and I just couldn't believe my eyes. I noticed that Evelyn was now fucking your cunt with her fingers, while she stayed busy with me. I thought she was very good in multitasking and wondered if she's done that kind of thing before. My thoughts were roaming, and I felt a little woozy.
The picture was just downright obscene. This was too much. Without a sign, from lack of ability to speak, I ejaculated in Evelyn's face, emitting a bestial howling, as she stroked me hard. I was paralyzed again from the orgasm, while my balls were being drained out of me. Several gobs of semen landed on her tits and belly, some others completely covered her sunglasses and hair. As you often do, you followed suit in orgasm in the same kind of theatrical surrender, thanks to Evelyn, who was still moving her hand in and out of you. Your loud moans in the open air were so fucking sexy. You buried your head in my chest and held on to dear life, as you felt the rush of endorphins trying to knock you over.
Still shuddering, we held each other and slowly collapsed on the ground. We all looked at each other, content. We all thought, is this the beginning of something new? Was this going to happen again? Has there ever been anything between you and Evelyn in the first place, just waiting to come out and make me join in the process? I had a whole lot of sensible questions, but I was sure you both were gonna be more than happy to answer.
This little trip in Weedon was gonna turn out to be life changing for our couple.