Author's Note: This story will make no sense to you unless you read the previous story "Erotic Surprise in the Park". Please do.
*****
Chapter 1
It had been more than two years since my last encounter with Claire in the park. I had spent every day of those two years trying to forget her. And every day I failed.
Not that I spent the time sulking in my apartment. I knew that life had to go on. I had stopped public exhibitionism, and had joined a couple of dating sites. It's not like I didn't have some fun, because I did. I had some sex, some of it quite good, but every time I went down on a woman, as I began to lick her, all I could think about was the alluring heart shaped patch of pubic hair just above Claire's cunt (she loved that word. I'm sure she still does), and I would lose my enthusiasm. No, I did not stop licking, and yes, we would have actual sex, but it was never the same as when Claire watched me masturbate. And inevitably, with the woman I was with, I would gently bring up the subject of exhibitionism, and after the shock wore off her face, she would not so gently escort me to the door.
I thought I might have better luck with some of the sex hookup dating sites, like Adult Friend Finder and Ashley Madison. But I'll tell you a poorly kept secret: the women are mostly professionals. If I asked them to accompany me naked to a symphony concert, they would do it for the right price. This is SO not what I was looking for.
I had settled into a routine that did not include exhibitionism, so I was generally disappointed with daily life. I really didn't know what to do, other than what I had tried, which clearly was not for me. Was I destined to be alone for the rest of my life, trying to be satisfied with one night stands?
One day, in the middle of my depression, the phone rang. I answered as I always do, "This is Ron."
After a brief period of silence, the voice on the other end of the line said, "Hello, Ron."
My hands began to shake and my heart beat faster. I knew that voice. "Claire?" I managed to squeak out.
"Yes," she responded.
I was speechless for a moment. I could hear her breathing rapidly at the other end of the line. Clearly she was as nervous as I.
"Claire, I don't even know what to say. I have a zillion questions, and have no idea where to begin. I'll take a big risk here and say that I have missed you dreadfully, and the pain has not let up. I don't know exactly why you called, but I hope it's to tell me the same."
"Ron, just hearing you say that makes me so happy. I have missed you every day of the last 2 years. During that time I got divorced. It was final about 3 weeks ago, and I have spent those 3 weeks trying to build enough courage to call you."
"Oh, Claire. You have made me a happy man. I hope and trust there will be more -- so much more."
"Ron, I'm lonely, and frustrated, and I want to see you so badly. All of you. Naked. Alive and in front of me. I'm wet just thinking about it."
"OK, so we are on the same page, and there is nothing to stop us from doing what we have missed for so long. I really do have a zillion questions, and much to catch up on, but let's start by you meeting me in the park, tomorrow, 10 a.m. The same place. I'll be naked behind the tree, but I'll bet you already knew that."
Claire laughed, but it was a deep, throaty laugh that was sexy as hell. "I'll be there."
Chapter 2
Next day, I was at the appointed spot a half hour early. I stayed clothed, but I was hard inside my jeans. I was so excited I thought I'd come before she even arrived, without even touching myself. I walked around a bit to make sure the coast was clear. Nothing had changed. This part of the park was still rarely used, and during the half hour I saw no one.
As 10:00 approached, I ducked behind the tree, removed all my clothes, and waited, my cock hard as a rock. I didn't dare touch it.
I heard steps that got closer. The steps were those of a woman. I didn't need to check as it could only be Claire.
When she arrived at the bench, she softly said, "What a lovely spot. I think I'll just sit here and enjoy the sunshine and peaceful surroundings. With my eyes closed."
She sure knew how to make the situation even hotter than it already was. I tiptoed out from behind the tree. She was wearing a blue dress, quite short, and matching blue pumps. I don't think she was wearing a bra. As for panties, I hoped I'd find out soon enough. She looked amazing, as beautiful as ever. It was as though no time had passed. If anything, she was even more radiant. My heart was racing.
I walked softly up to her, making as little sound as possible, but I knew she was aware of me. I stood in front of her, my cock about a foot away from her face, throbbing uncontrollably. I quietly coughed. She opened her eyes, looked at my hard cock, and said,
"My, aren't we a bit presumptuous. Suppose I report you for lewd behavior?"
"Well, that would be very disappointing. But if that's what you want to do, I wouldn't try to stop you. Of course, I'll just go back behind the tree and get dressed, and deny everything when the cops arrive."
She laughed, got up, and hugged me for a long time. My cock was poking her, but at that moment I was just feeling love for her. She began to cry, and so did I. It felt a bit silly with me naked and aroused, and her fully clothed. But there it was. All of our longing came out in those few moments of embrace.
Finally, she stood back and scanned me from head to toe.
"Ron, you haven't changed a bit, and that is a good thing. I liked you just the way you were, and I believe I will love you even more now. How about giving me a demonstration of your powers just to get my blood pumping?"
I didn't have to be asked twice. I stood back, facing her. She sat back down, spread her legs, but kept her dress covering those gorgeous legs. I could not see up inside. What a tease! I thought nothing of who or what might come around the corner. I simply began to stroke my hard cock, her eyes glued to it. As I proceeded to get more aroused, she got that glazed look I had become so fond of. She rubbed her breasts with her right hand, but made no effort to get inside her dress. She still loved to prolong being turned on.
I was so happy to see her, and so excited to be doing what I had missed so much, that I lasted only about a minute. I shook from head to toe and came copiously, on the ground, right in front of her feet.
"Wow," she said. "How I missed watching your erotic show. How wet I am now. What to do, what to do."
I remained naked in front of her, my cock slowly settling. She got up from the bench, facing me. She reached for the bottom of her dress, and pulled it over her head. As I had hoped, she was completely naked underneath, and blessing of blessings, she still had her heart shaped pubic hair.
I laughed. "I dreamed about your heart shaped cunt almost every night. I am thrilled to see it in the flesh, so to speak."
"Shut up," she said, and giggled.
She sat back down and began to stroke herself. She rubbed her labia gently, then more firmly. She teased her clit every few seconds, to prolong the buildup. After about 10 minutes, she started to stroke in earnest. I had only touched Claire in a non-sexual way, and only briefly. But somehow I knew she would want me to sit down, move closer and participate. I sat and slid over. I placed my right hand around her neck, and my left hand on her thigh.
"I thought you'd never get to that. I've craved your body, and it seems you've craved mine," Claire said.
She continued to stroke, and I rubbed her thigh, getting closer and closer to her wet pussy. I finally reached the holy grail, and began to rub her cunt while she stroked her clit. I put a finger, then two fingers inside. My touch seemed to turn her on much more rapidly. She was now shaking and arching her back into my fingers.
Within a minute, she cried out, "Holy shit. I'm coming.". And she did, big time, flooding my fingers with pussy juice, rocking back and forth, and emitting deep groans of pleasure. It was so wonderful to share that with her.
As she calmed down, I kept my fingers inside her because it felt so good. She turned toward me and gave me a passionate kiss, something else I had dreamed of for over two years.
She smiled and said, "This is exactly how I imagined the renewal of our relationship. It was perfect. And now I know there will be much more. Now let's get dressed and start to catch up on the last two years."
After putting our clothes back on, we sat on the bench and talked. And I mean deep and loving conversation. Her two children were both in college, and doing well despite the divorce. Her ex reasonably cooperative during the divorce process, which was such a relief to her. Claire got the house, and her ex, Jack, now lived in the next town. Custody was a non-issue, as the kids were grown enough to decide where they wanted to be at any given time, and they seemed to harbor no blame to either party, so they spent time equally with each parent.
"What ever happened to Evie?" I asked, trying to be nonchalant.
Claire chuckled. "How did I know you were going to ask that? As you know, she lived several towns away, and our relationship was strained as my divorce got more real. However, about 6 months ago, she left her bastard husband Patrick, and moved right near me. Her official divorce is very close to finalized. Our friendship has blossomed again. We helped each other get through the most difficult parts of separation and divorce. We spend much of our free time together. Patrick and Evie agree that they can each do what they want, although Patrick can sometimes be a little icky about it. I'm quite sure knowing Evie is a free woman will put your libido into overdrive."
I laughed heartily. Yes, although I was in love with Claire, now that I knew Evie's situation, I wanted her in my life too.
We talked about every imaginable subject, becoming closer by the minute. Time just flew by.
Chapter 3
About an hour later, I heard footsteps coming up the walkway. Not sneakers, but hard soled shoes, which struck me as odd. We were both fully clothed, so no problems there, but it was the first person using that path that I had encountered.
Around the corner came a handsome gentleman of about 50. He was dressed for success. Full dark suit, power tie, shiny expensive shoes, well coifed hair. Totally out of place here in the park.
He walked closer and stopped. He turned to us.
"Hello," he said, "I haven't seen anyone on this path before. I'm delighted that there are a few others who get pleasure from the birds and bees."
Birds and bees? Was he speaking in code? If so, it was a code Claire and I understood. She looked at me with raised eyebrows and a smirk.
"We have not found a more delightful place of secluded bliss than right here." I said.
"Well, my name is Victor. I love to walk the park, and expose myself"... long pause..."to nature."
Claire responded, "I'm Claire and this is Ron. I am also very fond of all forms of nature, particularly animals, such as the"...long pause "cock."
Now I would have doubled over in laughter, but there was much potential here, and I didn't want to spoil it.
"Well, Claire," said Victor, "I always keep a cock with me. Would you care to see it?"
"It would please both of us greatly if you would share your cock."
I had noticed when Victor arrived that his fly was fastened with 3 buttons rather than a zipper, and that there was the barely visible outline of a rather formidable penis. He was going commando, and I'm sure Claire noticed as well. This was a pretty good clue as to his intentions. I was amped. I didn't know until that moment that I had a bit of the bisexual in me, and I really wanted to see his manhood.
Victor reached for his fly. He undid one button at a time, very slowly. Claire's eyes were glued to his crotch, as were mine. Second button. His bulge was getting bigger, and the fabric was straining. Third button. The opening pulled apart slightly, but not enough for his dick to spring out. He reached inside, and stopped.
"Are you sure you want to experience nature at its finest?" He directed his question to Claire.
"I do indeed", she responded.
He grabbed his cock and pulled it out. It shot up to a 45 degree angle, maybe 7 inches long, with substantial girth. Following just behind was a large set of balls hanging in a long sack, which settled nicely against the dark fabric background. His cock was longer than mine, but so beautiful I couldn't even think about jealousy. Sculpted cut head, very straight shaft. He just let his cock point up, without even touching it.
"Nature revealed," he said.
Claire uttered a tiny gasp, and her eyes went wide. It was incredibly sexy to see a seemingly disembodied gorgeous cock hard and pointing at us.
"My, my. Won't the chickens be thrilled when they see that," Claire mumbled.
Both Victor and I laughed.
"Come closer, Victor. I want to pet it," Claire said. I was a tiny bit shocked, but this was my Claire, and risky experimentation was what we did. I though, go for it, Claire.
Victor looked like his fondest fantasies had just been realized. He moved in close to Claire, his cock just inches from her face. She reached up and very softly ran her finger along the bottom of the shaft, from back to front. His cock jumped twice and got even harder.
"Victor," I said, "Claire failed to mention that I too am rather fond of beasts of Mother Nature. May I touch it?"
"Of course," he responded. "Nature must always be shared."
I reached for his shaft and stroked it. I stayed on the shaft area while Claire, who had just lubricated her fingers with saliva, surrounded the head with her wet digits, and also began to stroke. I suppose she could have lubed her fingers from her cunt, but that would have been a bit too much of a confession for this early in our encounter with Victor.
Victor groaned, and arched, and moaned, and shoved his cock front to back to front inside our hands. He seemed ecstatic. He was in Heaven. He screamed, his cock began to throb and pulsate, and suddenly it spurted cum in long ropes, onto Claire's dress, onto the ground, onto the bench. It seemed to never end.
After a minute or so, we removed our hands, and his shaft began to gradually go limp. He shook off the last few drops of cum, tucked his cock back in, and rebuttoned his trousers.
"Well," he said, "It appears I have met kindred spirits. This is exactly what I dream about at night. Do you two visit here often, or is this a one-off?"
Claire responded, "Our story is very complicated. This is the first time we've seen each other in over 2 years, and we were just catching up when you arrived. You missed our own hot tryst by about an hour." She smiled sheepishly.
Victor smiled. "I'd like to meet up with you again, and reciprocate the carnal pleasure you have given me."
"How thoughtful of you. I think it can be arranged," I said. I turned to Claire and asked if she agreed. She nodded vigorously.
"Until then, may I see your nature since you've seen mine?" Victor asked.
Claire and I stood up. I unzipped and pulled out my semi-erect cock. She whipped the dress over her head, careful not to touch the cum spot, and stood there completely naked.
"I see that Nature has clearly outdone itself with you two perfect specimens. There is great beauty in both cock and hen."
We smiled. I put my cock back in, and Claire put her dress back on.
"I know of another place that we can meet that ups the risk factor slightly, but not enough to be of concern. Would you be interested?"
"We would," I said, answering for both of us.
"Do you know the River Walk? There is a bend about a half mile from the entrance, with a rest area set back. Meet me there at 10 a.m. tomorrow. There is a set of benches and enough seclusion to provide both thrill and security."
"We'll be there," Claire said.
Victor said no more, just walked way.
Claire and I looked at each other in astonishment.
"What the heck just happened?" she asked.
"I don't know, but I sure want it to happen again.", I responded. "And I had no idea you could be so nonchalant about reaching out for a strange cock. I loved it.
"And Ron, I had no idea that you had a bisexual side."
"Neither did I until just then," I laughed. "Does that bother you?"
"Oh, on the contrary. I've already told you that Evie and I experimented together in college. When Evie moved closer to me, our friendship revived again, but it did more than that. One evening we sat crying together on the couch, and then we kissed, and then one thing lead to another, and we became intimate again after so many years. It seemed so right and now we spend many nights together, at her place or mine. So you are not alone in your desire to explore an erotic connection with the same sex. I completely approve.
"And you approve of Victor, so our tiny exhibitionist group just grew by one". I commented.
"It certainly did," Claire said, "What I didn't tell you is that I let Evie know I was meeting you. As I have already indicated, she has changed a great deal since separating from Patrick and it was all I could do to prevent her from coming along. She will not take no for an answer next time. I think our group is now four. And won't Victor be pleasantly surprised when both Evie and I show up."
"This is just too much excitement for me to absorb," I said. "I'm ready for another round right now, but I think we should save it for tomorrow. I need to go home to process. But before we part, I want you to know that I love you, and that whatever we do, and I mean whatever, will only enhance that love for you. I hope you feel the same way."
"I do, Ron. I do."
We kissed lightly, and went off in opposite directions.
Chapter 4
The next day couldn't come soon enough. By morning, I had barely slept, and when I did, I dreamt of Claire, naked, taking my cock in her cunt doggie style. We had never had actual sex, but I sensed that it would be inevitable under the changed circumstances, particularly as she had mentioned that she craved my body as much as I craved hers. And with Victor and Evie making four, the possibilities were endless. I woke with a raging hardon which I had difficulty ignoring. It finally went down in the (cold) shower.
I arrived at the visitor's parking lot a half mile away and walked to the appointed spot, arriving an hour early, as I wanted to get a feel for the location. I didn't see anyone, but that didn't alleviate my concern. I had walked the half mile, and did not see a single soul. The River Walk is a long bicycle path that runs along the river. The rest area is about 25 feet in diameter, with 3 benches, and is set back about 2o feet, with a dirt walkway leading from the bike path. The Bike path is thickly lined with trees on the side opposite the river, and the dirt walkway has been cut through the growth to provide a lovely, secluded space. The dirt walkway is frequently passed by bikers, walkers, joggers, skate-boarders, and mothers walking their children, but since the rest area is so poorly located for resting (with no view of the river and only a half mile from the entrance, where there is a small building with bathrooms), it never gets used. The small sign that says, "Rest Area, No Facilities" further discourages use of that space. I wasn't sure that Victor intended for this to be our final destination, but I was reasonably sure carnal nakedness right there would go undiscovered. I was both frightened and excited if Victor meant for us to perform in this exact spot.
I would have offered to pick Claire up on the way, but it seemed much more thrilling to see where each of the participants would be coming from, especially since I could not be 100% sure that Evie would be there.
I had taken a lesson from Victor's playbook, although not the suit. I wore sneakers and a tennis shirt, with a pair of light-colored linen pants with a snap fly, commando underneath. If you looked closely, you could see the outline of my penis. I wanted easy access without the necessity of removing my trousers. Victor clearly was an experienced exhibitionist, and had perfected a style that was thrillingly erotic. In this lesson I was a quick learner.
I sat on one of the benches, and daydreamed about Claire. Interestingly, in the entire hour I was there, only one bicyclist passed, and no one else. And she didn't even look over. At one point, I unsnapped, pulled my semi erect cock out, aimed it at the walkway, and came to full hardness within a minute. I only wanted to edge, not come, as I didn't want to spoil the exciting rendezvous about to occur. I rebuttoned after about 10 minutes, with no discovery.
At about 9:55, Victor arrived, coming in from the path by the walkway. He was once again dressed in a dark suit, but a different one. I immediately noticed the button fly and his bulge. He smiled and came up to me and shook hands.
"So nice to see you again, Ron", he said. "I plan to see much more of you today". He was not a man to mince words. I liked that.
"I expect Claire momentarily," I said. Sure enough, Claire and Evie walked in hand in hand, both wearing pump heels, short skirts, and revealing blouses, with no bras, their nipples clearly visible. I got semi-hard immediately thinking how we would soon find out what was underneath the skirts.
Victor was one cool customer. He only hesitated a moment, and then stood to welcome our guests.
"Claire, I see you have brought a friend. Such a nice surprise." He turned to Evie and said, "My name is Victor and you are every bit as attractive as Claire." He extended his hand.
Evie blushed, took Victor's hand and said, "I'm Evie. I am Claire's best friend. You might call me her best friend with benefits." She looked directly into Victor's eyes and didn't flinch.
I rose to hug Evie. As I held her tight, my cock poking her, I said, "Hello, Evie. It seems to me that the last time I saw you was naked on the ground, writhing in orgasmic ecstasy."
We all laughed, and Evie responded, "That's true, and that event is featured in many of my dreams, which include lots of fantasy thoughts about you."
I released her, smiled and bowed. She was blushing a bit.
Victor said, "Isn't this a fine surprise, our group now up to four? We all know why we are here, and I for one am quite turned on already, as I expect you all are." His bulging fly front confirmed his statement.
"First some preliminary cautions and promises. From previous experience I assure you that this rest area is safe for our purposes. It's too far from the river to provide a view of the river, and it's pretty useless as a rest area, as there is nothing to see and it is only half a mile from the bathrooms. So we are safe. Not only that, but in the very unlikely event that we get caught, there is an escape route."
Victor turned to face the back of the dirt area, behind the benches. We all turned to look. Sure enough, there was a narrow path carved between the dense foliage.
"This is a path that leads, after about 30 feet, to the street that abuts the River Walk area. I suspect that at night this spot is used as a meeting place for gay hookups. I've never attended, but I have it on good authority. If there is any chance of trouble, the men run for the narrow path, and escape onto the sidewalk by the street. As far as I know, no one has ever been caught here doing anything inappropriate, day or night. If we are spotted, simply grab your clothes and run to the back path, slipping on your clothes as best you can while you run, so that you are dressed when you arrive at the street. Is that clear?"
We all nodded in silence. Then no one knew exactly what to do or say, since someone had to start the festivities.
Finally I asked, "So, Victor, since you are now the apparent leader of this little group of exhibitionist wankers, what next?"
Chapter 5
We were all still standing. Victor said nothing, but simply reached for his fly, and unbuttoned very slowly. Out came his magnificent cock, hard as nails, pointing up, his ball sack slack against his pants.
"This is exactly what we do at this point".
I noticed that Evie, wide-eyed, was entranced by Victor's cock. She looked a bit weak in the knees. She was obviously holding herself back from attacking it. Claire and I sat down to view the proceedings. This could really be fun as a prelude to things to come.
Victor looked at Evie and said, "Don't be shy. It won't bite, although it does very much enjoy being bitten."
Evie moved closer. Victor arched his back slightly so that his cock stood out even further. I learned later that Claire had filled Evie in on Victor, and that he could be trusted, so she was ready.
Evie reached out and gently engulfed Victor. His cock jumped, and he let out a small sigh. She did not look at his cock, but straight into his eyes, while slowly beginning to stroke. She then dropped to her knees and took as much of Victor's cock into her mouth as she could handle. Up and down she moved, her tongue sometimes coming out to lick the head.
Claire and I were getting very aroused. My hard on was pushing tightly against the linen, and if the snaps were not so well attached, it would have popped right out.
Claire glanced down and exclaimed, "Is that a cucumber, or are you just happy to see Evie?"
I gave her a snarky look, and reached over to grab a boob. It felt good in my hand. Claire reached for my penis, clutching it hard over the linen. The snaps hurt my cock, and I said, "ouch".
She removed her hand and said, "gee, I thought you liked your cock in my hand".
"I do," I responded, "but I don't like the snaps digging holes in my flesh."
"Oh, well, if that's the only problem." She proceeded to use two hands to undo the 4 snaps. Out popped my cock, sticking straight up with veins popping. Claire pulled my balls out too, and promptly wrapped her hand around my shaft.
Naturally, I wanted to reciprocate, so I put my hand on her thigh, and slowly pushed her skirt up. When I reached her pussy, there it was: the heart shaped pubic hair I so loved, with no panties covering it. She was wet already, I'd say very wet. I rubbed her vulva gently, up and down, and twiddled her clit every few times. She emitted tiny squeaks and arched her back.
While we were engaged in acts of arousal, we never took our eyes off of Victor and Evie, who were deeply engaged in a very fine blowjob. Evie was quite adept at deep throating, and Victor's very straight shaft made it easier. In and out, in and out. Victor was getting heated up, and rocking back and forth. We were also getting heated up as Claire used her pussy wetness to lube her fingers so she could rub me with more smoothness. I had moved a finger, then two, inside of her, without missing a chance to make her clit shiver.
Suddenly, Victor pulled out of Evie's mouth.
"Would you ladies care to switch?" he asked.
I looked at Claire and she nodded. Evie had already gotten up to move toward me. Claire rose up and walked to Victor. He seemed to like the standing blowjob position, and remained that way. Claire immediately sucked Victor's cock into her mouth, which made me just a little jealous, but at that moment Evie kneeled before me and wrapped her lips around my throbbing mast, so I abruptly forgot everything else except her delicious tongue around the head.
So for a few minutes there was sucking and licking, and a couple of very very happy men. At some point Evie raised her head and looked into my eyes.
"Ron, I haven't been duly fucked in a very long time, and even when I was, Patrick was a lousy lay. To put it bluntly, he sucked at fucking. I'd really like your cock inside me. Do you think Claire would object?"
Claire heard us, removed her mouth from Victor, and said, "Go ahead, Evie. I was about to ask Victor to do the same for me."
Evie arose and stood in front of me. She raised her skirt so that I could see her naked pussy, fully shaved. It was beautiful. She didn't have to say another word. She climbed on top of me, her knees planted widely on the bench, reached under her to grab my cock, and instantly impaled herself, all the way down to fully loaded. She groaned loudly and said, "holy shit, it's been way too long. That feels SO good."
I started to thrust slowly, and she responded by locking her arms around my neck and kissing me passionately, tongue stuck eagerly in my mouth. Up she went. Down she went. I was getting really turned on and afraid I'd come too soon. I suggested she slow down, but instead she just took one of her hands and started directly rubbing her clit, while still climbing my pole.
Victor had seated himself on the bench next to ours, with his hard-on up and inviting. I watched as Claire raised her leg over his lap, and dropped down on top of him. She reached under and guided his cock inside her. She took the slow route, ever so gradually lowering herself, quivering as she did so. Victor showed no facial expression, but his breathing was shallow and fast, and he was bucking his hips to Claire's rhythm. Evie had turned her head, and we both watched.
As things got more steamy, Evie decided to pull her blouse over her head, exposing her breasts that I had earlier described as large and soft and round, but also perky, with big, erect nipples, and just a tiny amount of sag that gave them a quality that cried out to be touched and fondled. So I touched and fondled them. My caresses heightened the intensity for both of us.
Claire saw us, and she did the same, pulling her blouse over her head and discarding it on the bench. I realized at that moment that in all of our experience together, I had never actually seen Claire's naked breasts. They were spectacular. Not as big as Evie's, but with a wonderful upturned shape, perfectly round areolae, nipples that were hard and eager, and a pale quality to the skin that gave her tits an otherworldly appearance. Victor's eyes went wide. He licked his fingers, and placed both hands on Claire's hard nipples, and massaged gently.
So here we were, two beautiful women, topless, impaled on erections that seemed to satisfy them. All was quiet except the rustle of pants and skirts, and the ever-increasing moans and shimmery utterances.
It seemed that Claire would come first, and she did. It was as wonderful as I had remembered. Lusty wails, quivering legs, head buried in Victor's shoulder. It was a pleasure to watch, and frankly, it put me over the edge.
I screamed, "I'm coming," and did so, jamming myself into Evie with a passion I didn't know I had, spurting ejaculate deep inside of her. It was as intense as any orgasm I had ever had. This put Evie over the edge. She squeezed her kegels tightly, wrapped her arms around me, and shook uncontrollably.
"Oh my god, oh my god," she cried.
I was afraid she would fall off, so I held her tightly. She was sweating from the exertion, and I was panting heavily.
Finally, Victor could no longer hold back, and came with a loud "Holy shit". I could see him jam himself into Claire, lifting his butt off the bench about 6 inches, and then actually standing up with his shooting cock still deep inside her. I had never seen quite such a show, but it was a sight that made me wish I had my cell phone camera ready. He took a long time to finish clearing his balls of semen, and then with a deep sigh, he sat down. His cock was still in Claire, although I have no idea how he pulled that one off.
We were all breathing hard, and trying to calm down. The good news was that we were not interrupted by any intruders, and the even better news was that the four of us had the most spectacular sex imaginable, outside, with some risk, with people we trusted and who relished the idea of taking the risk. For me, it didn't get any better. And I think Claire, Evie, and Victor all felt the same.
Chapter 6
Claire and Evie lifted off of both of us, careful not to drip cum on our pants (such considerate ladies). They both had tissues in their pockets (I think I could marry someone that fastidious), and wiped themselves as best they could, dropping the tissues in a nearby receptacle.
They returned, but Claire came to sit with me, and Evie sat with Victor.
"I've been engaged in risky sexual behavior for a very long time, and never ever have I had an experience even remotely close to as exciting as that," said Victor. "I can't tell you how elated I am to have found you three. I hope this is only the beginning of our adventures together, as there is so much more to explore."
"Speaking for the three of us, I think I can say with confidence that if you had not expressed such enthusiasm, we would have had to check to see if your internal electrical circuits were working properly", I quipped. All four of us laughed, and then laughed some more. We were giddy with sexual gratification. No one could possibly even imagine such an experience, and yet we had actually had it.
Evie and Claire decided that putting on their blouses would be a good idea, and Victor and I tucked our flaccid penises back into our pants. We were now completely presentable, except the women had very mussed hair. A small price to pay.
"It's almost noon," said Victor, "Anyone up for lunch? My treat". We all spoke at once, and since we were eager to stay together to prolong the joy, lunch it was. We visited a local diner favored by people in the know, and ate like it was our first, last, and only meal. Under the table, we could not keep our hands off of each other. No, not sexual touching, just affectionate caresses, as though by touching each other over and over again we could assure ourselves that what had happened was not a dream.
Victor told us a little about himself. He was recently divorced from his second wife, mostly because his interest in exhibitionism disgusted her. He stood his ground, and because they didn't have kids, it was easier to part company. We asked why he always wore formal suits. He laughed and responded,
"Too many vintage French and German porn movies. I love the look of a stiff penis sticking out the front of suit pants. And it's a fantasy of mine. I'm the lord of the manor, and my maid is acting seductive, so I touch her tits. She reacts by rubbing my crotch, which gets hard very quickly. She kneels, slowly opens the button fly, and out pops a massive porn-worthy cock, pointing straight at her face. These guys never wear boxers or any underwear for that matter. You can guess the rest of the story, if you haven't seen these films yourself, and I'm quite sure you have."
"But assuming we are meeting again tomorrow, I will dress more casually. I am among friends, whose friendship can only deepen over time. No need for me to live in fantasyland. I believe I've got the real thing".
We stated our emphatic agreement.
"Hey, "I said, "What shall we do for the rest of the afternoon, assuming none of us has another commitment?" None of us had.
We muttered a few suggestions, and decided on a movie, something in the R or NC17 realm. Claire used her phone to search and picked something suitable. We decided to take just one car, Victor's, as it was a BMW sedan. Evidently Victor had money, which is always a nice thing to have.
We entered the movie, five minutes before it began, and, given that it was a weekday and a 2:45 showing, we found the theatre nearly empty, just as we had hoped (you can already guess our intentions). We climbed the stairs all the way to the top and occupied the center of the next-to-last row, far away from the nearest people. A few more stragglers came in during the coming attractions, but no one ever wants to sit way back, unless they have something in mind other than actually watching the movie.
We seated ourselves as follows: Me, Claire, Victor, and Evie. I wanted Claire to myself this time, but I also wanted access to Victor if the spirit moved me. And he may have wanted access to Claire for the same reason.
The film started. It did get our attention for awhile, but we were too revved to just sit and watch. I decided to be the one to start. I reached a hand over to Claire's breast and started massaging. She immediately put her hand on my semi-erect cock, and also began massaging. I was rock hard within seconds. I reached under her blouse to get that pure flesh to flesh contact.
Victor and Evie were watching us. They seemed to be enjoying the show (us not the movie) without actually touching each other. This sort of turned us on more. I looked down to the front of the hall and saw maybe 20 people, spread out, eyes glued to the screen. I pulled my hand out from under Claire's blouse, and swiftly pulled the blouse over her head, exposing her naked breasts to the world. I tossed the blouse aside. She shivered a bit, as the air conditioning was set too low. That also made her nipples stick out about ¾ of an inch (OK, I'm exaggerating, but it looked that way to me, especially as the only light we had was from the screen). She responded by opening my fly and releasing my Boa Constrictor (OK, it's more of a Jackrabbit, but a BIG Jackrabbit. Really). I stroked her tits, she stroked my cock, and we settled back to watch more of the movie.
I became aroused enough to want to put my hand under her skirt, so I did. Touching her thigh, and moving up rapidly. So I had one hand on her breast, and one rubbing her eager pussy.
Meantime, Victor and Evie could no longer just watch. Victor pulled Evie's blouse up over her head, and dropped in on the seat and he himself unbuttoned his fly and out popped you know what. Evie immediately dropped her head into his lap and sucked his cock deep inside her mouth. He had the look of a deer in headlights. And I mean that in a good way.
So, sucking, rubbing, stroking. But we all sensed that, hey, this is a long movie. Let's prolong the pleasure. So we slowed the pace and allowed ourselves to become erotically stirred more slowly.
Claire took a lesson from Evie and dropped her head into my lap. Apparently both Claire and Evie were serious about giving blowjobs, and who were we to complain? Both Victor and I reciprocated by rubbing clits vigorously, eliciting cries of pleasure from both women. I wished we could have given head to these wonderful gals, but the floor was not an inviting place for anyone's knees.
Evie suddenly raised her head, stood up, pushed her skirt to the floor, kicked it into her hand, and put it on the seat beside her. She was now completely naked, and seemed ready to dance down the aisle. Evie is one crazy lady. Of course, not to be outdone, Claire stood and removed her skirt as well. Two naked ladies in a state of wild abandon. Who could ask for anything more.
After sitting back down, they both decided that giving blowjobs was uncomfortable because the armrests got in the way. So they went back to giving us handjobs and we went back to rubbing clits, which was so much easier now that they were completely naked, and spreading their legs wide.
At one point I took my other hand, reached across Claire, and put it around Victor's cock, while Evie continued her stroking. He turned and smiled at me. I was pretty sure that more would go on between Victor and myself, with or without the women. I only stroked for about a minute, needing to give full concentration to pleasuring Claire.
"Let's just stop," said Victor, "I want this to at least last until near the end of the movie". We giggled, and did as he suggested. But to add to the pleasure of waiting, Evie and Claire made us lift up our butts so that they could completely remove our pants, which were placed on the seats next to us. It felt so liberating to be naked and hard from the waist down. I actually couldn't resist stroking myself a bit, but Claire playfully slapped my hand, and I stopped.
There were some very nice sex scenes in the movie, which of course helped to keep us in a stimulated state. Based on the time, we were about a half hour from the end. So we all just resumed where we had left off, only now Victor and I could spread our legs wide, which felt so good.
Suddenly, a flashlight was pointing right at us. We all froze, sucking in our breaths. No one made an effort to hide, as it was too late for modesty. An usher had apparently snuck up on us in the dark, and turned his flashlight on when he was about 6 feet away. We could see him in the partially lighted hall, a handsome young man no more than 19 or 20, probably paying his way through college by ushering.
Evie of course decided to be a smart-aleck. She stood right up in the light and whispered,
"Hi, there, you might as well get the whole picture. Feel free to shine that light on my whole body."
He did. The light went slowly up and down Evie, while she posed for him, dancing from side to side, her tits bouncing . He briefly moved the light to Claire so he could take in her tits, then back to Evie, who he found much more interesting, for obvious reasons. He took out his phone and got to his camera. We all covered our faces while he snapped pictures.
"Are we busted," asked Evie?
The boy said nothing. He closed his phone and smiled broadly. He gave us a thumbs up, turned off the flashlight, and went back down the aisle. The kid would have one hell of a tale to tell his friends at school, with pictures to prove it. But at least we were safe.
We all exhaled.
After that, it was difficult to resume our tryst, but we were all so close to coming that we overlooked our precarious situation. So on we went.
This time I was the first to come, blowing a big stream of cum onto my legs and Claire's hand. Evie then came from Victor's ministrations, and she had difficulty holding back her screams.
"Oh, God, Victor, you have magic hands. I am coming big time. ARRGGHH"
Fortunately no one turned around to look at us. Victor came next with a muffled groan, cum flying everywhere. And Claire then came, pushing herself firmly against my fingers, muttering,
"Heaven help me. I'm dying. Whooooooo."
Out came the tissues. A glorious time was had by all.
We reassembled our clothes so that we could actually get up without attracting attention. The movie ended 10 minutes later. I'm pretty sure none of us could have told you what it was about.
The lights went up. I kissed Claire, Evie kissed Victor, and we rose to go.
We had little to say to each other at that point, as we were still high as a kite from extreme pleasure. We walked back to the BMW, and Victor drove us to the parking area of the River Walk.
"Shall I assume we will be meeting again tomorrow, same time, same place?", asked Victor.
"Wild horses, blah, blah," I said. Evie and Claire broke out in laughter. They nodded approvingly, and we went to our respective vehicles and rode off.
Chapter 7
I had a feeling about Victor, and I think we were on the same page. I arrived next morning at 9:30, and, no surprise, Victor was already there. True to his word, he was dressed casually, a golf shirt, and loose fitting jeans, but of course with the requisite button fly. I was dressed similarly to the day before. The only surprise was that Victor's cock was already sticking straight up from his fly, and he had a smirk on his face.
"Hello, Ron," he said. "Come sit next to me so we can" pause "talk".
I sat close to him. He noticed my bulge, and immediately reached for it. At the same time I wrapped my hand around his shaft and squeezed. I had no idea I would love the feel of another erection in my hand. It was such a new experience for me. Victor rapidly unsnapped me, and reached inside to pull me out. We were both now hard and revealed. We both simultaneously started to stroke. Soon we were pretty heated up.
"Let's think about consummating this encounter at a later time. I want to be ready for the girls," he said. I agreed, and so we just sat there, our cocks wagging in the breeze, waiting for the next orgy to begin.
The girls arrived a few minutes later, while we were still hard. They were dressed similarly to yesterday, but had on flats with rubber soles. I was soon to find out why.
"Hello, gentlemen," Claire said, "I see you have prepared yourselves ahead of time. Good. No sense wasting precious moments. Now, we have something a little different in mind for today. Just sit and let us take over."
Claire came to me, and Evie to Victor. The girls whipped off their blouses, threw them on the ground, and stood on the benches. Hence the need for rubber soles. They spread their legs wide and straddled our legs, still standing upright. I couldn't quite imagine their plan, but it didn't take long to find out.
"Now, we're going to rest our hands on the back of the bench to get support," Evie said. "You are going to lift the front of our skirts, put your heads underneath, then let the skirts drop back in place. Then you are going to give the head we have been denied up until now. And you had better be good at it. Claire and I have high standards."
They didn't have to ask twice. We both jumped at the chance to lick pussy, while the girls were standing up. I dropped Claire's skirt behind my head. The pungent fragrance of sex hit me. Directly in front of me was that beautiful heart shape. I also could see her cleanly shaved lips and mons, undulating back and forth, her pink clit erect and waiting, and a sheen of wetness covering everything. I opened my mouth and engulfed her cunt. She moaned and whistled. I nibbled on her labia for awhile, then diddled her clit, then stuck my finger in her port, then all three at once. I could hear Evie breathing hard next to me (I had not moved away from Victor, which made the experience all the more exciting.)
Lost in ecstasy, I didn't hear the noise at the entrance to the rest area. But Evie and Claire clearly did. They leaped off the benches, and began to quickly gather their blouses per our protocol if caught.
"Hold on," I heard a voice say. "I swear you are not busted. Stay still and I will explain."
I saw two bicycles with a man and woman astride, each maybe 25 years of age. Something in the man's tone made us trust him, heaven knows why. They removed their helmets to reveal two very attractive millennials. They checked us out carefully - hard cocks, swinging tits, frightened looks.
"We'll tell you about us as quickly as possible to allay your fears," said the young man. "My name is Tyler and this is Taylor. Don't you dare laugh. I can't help it if the love of my life has a name that suggests we are brother and sister. I assure you we are not. We knew about this rest area ages ago, and have been waiting for an opportunity to catch some folks in the act. We are committed voyeurs and exhibitionists, and have apparently arrived in voyeur heaven. Cocks and tits everywhere. We'd join you if we weren't pressed for time. Ladies, feel free to remove your skirts so that we can see the whole package"
Tyler was so reassuring that Evie and Claire did exactly as asked. They stood naked in front of these beautiful strangers, who were checking out their bodies as well as our cocks.
"Have you ever heard of a club called Swinging Rhythms?", Tyler asked.
I thought it was an odd question, but Victor spoke right up.
"Of course I have. I've wanted to visit that club for a long time, but one has to be invited by an existing member, and I don't know anyone who belongs."
"You do now," said Tyler. "Us. I very much like what I see, and I know you would be a welcome addition to our band of voyeurs, exhibitionists, and just plain old polyamorous enthusiasts. Age is no obstacle, as we range from 20 to 62, older sometimes depending on the night. We get together once a month. Our next club social is this coming Thursday. Cocktail hour at 7, the festivities beginning at 8. Be there. Taylor and I will make sure to usher you in. Oh, and before you are allowed in, you must present a doctor's STD screening no older than 30 days. See you there."
They put their helmets back on.
Before riding off, Taylor said, "Oh, such beautiful cocks, cunts, and tits you have. I'm afraid I will ride away all squishy against the bicycle seat. Such are the agonies of voyeurism."
They then disappeared back onto the path.
For a moment we were in a state of stunned silence. Then Victor said,
"This is a dream come true. Swinging Rhythms is exactly where we want to go to take our group grope to the next level. Anyone object?"
We all signaled our approval.
"Then get thee to your doctor this week. We will meet at the club on Thursday."
Naturally we finished what we had started right there in the rest area, before Tyler and Taylor arrived. Beautiful cocks, cunts, and tits indeed. It was a very hot morning, as wild as anything we had done so far.
Well, dear reader, as I bring this romp to a close, I believe I have left you with more questions than answers. How will Claire and I have a normal love relationship when our behavior is anything but normal? What will Claire think when she knows I want to fuck Evie again...and again, and again. What will happen when I further explore my gay side with Victor? Can an ordinary vanilla polyamorous encounter with the four of us in a bedroom possibly be as exciting as the risky sex we have been having, or for that matter will soon be having when we visit Swinging Rhythms? And finally, what about Patrick and Jack? Remember them? Turns out they know each other, and they are very suspicious that Claire and Evie are engaged in some kinky stuff, and they are not happy about it. Will they try to break up a beautiful foursome, or will they simply want to join in?
--------------------To Be Continued