Shannon was still digesting the fact that Emily, her future mother-in-law, had moved past merely posing naked in front of the camera, she'd now graduated to being photographed whilst multiple men masturbated over her beautiful body. Still dazed with this knowledge, she glanced up as a man entered the newsagents.
Emily picked up the pile of photographs she'd been proudly showing Shannon and slid them under the counter. The caller was another of the regular pervs. Shannon was getting used to this. At least half, probably a lot more, of her customers were here for the porn.
Shannon had taken a little while to come to terms with this, but now that she had, she quite liked it. Not like Emily, of course, that was extreme. But Emily had warned her what to expect, and she'd taken the job with her eyes open. The reality was she was basically managing a porn shop which also sold newspapers, sweets and cigarettes.
Just like Emily had before her, she'd taken to bringing magazines home. She'd been pleased to find that Stephen liked her to pose like the girls on the pages, and they both liked it when she'd read him the filthy stories.
Their sex life had improved remarkably, and she attributed that to the fact they were able to communicate so much better. The only issue was that navigating through any magazine without stumbling across pictures of Stephen's mother had become almost impossible. If she wasn't on the cover or centrefold, she'd be in there somewhere, even if it was just on one of the many phone sex line adverts tucked away at the back.
They had both come to terms with this now. Stephen was enjoying the recent developments as much as Shannon, and begrudgingly attributed the change in their relationship to his mother's influence on his bride-to-be. And so, Shannon followed in Emily's footsteps, serving the male population of the town their masturbation material with a smile.
As ever, it was impossible to reason with Emily -- mostly because everything she said made perfect sense, from her perspective. Shannon was initially a little revolted by the graphic images of what Emily had been doing. But the more she looked, the more she began to understand.
Unlike her, Emily wasn't in a stable relationship. She had no anchor, no reason to do anything other than exactly what she wanted. Shannon had started to enjoy asking Stephen to pull out and cover her with his cum, just like Emily recommended. The only difference was that Emily didn't stick to just one man. And why should she? Who was Shannon to tell her that she shouldn't enjoy herself exactly as she wanted?
As Emily so clearly stated, these guys were giving her exactly what she needed. Shannon had now moved through revulsion, distaste and acceptance. Looking back through the final shots of Emily's debauchery, she realised she was wet. Her breathing had become sporadic.
"Emily, has anyone ever told you that you are an extremely bad influence?"
Emily smiled. She continued to like Shannon more each time they spoke. She had become, Emily realised, the one person she could actually share her true self with.
"Not in so many words. But I think I might hear it a lot more in future, if I carry on like this."
The customer, Dave, strode up to the counter. He had two magazines, one of which, 'Girls About Town', Emily smiled at affectionately.
"Hi Dave. Did you have a flick through that one? There's a set of me out and about in Chelmsford, did you see?"
Dave had seen, and was taking it home to wank over, he said. He knew Emily loved to hear this, and he got quite a kick from admitting it openly too -- especially with the lovely Shannon on hand to hear it.
There was, Shannon mused to herself, probably an argument that Emily was having a positive impact on this little corner of British society. There were certainly few signs of sexual repression in her shop. Shannon had been a little taken aback at how forthcoming a lot of the guys were -- Emily had them at ease with their urges, and she encouraged them to express how they really felt.
This had been a shock to Shannon at first, particularly when she was selling porn to guys she'd gone to school with -- even one ex-boyfriend. She tried to think like Emily, and smiled and showed no disapproval at their purchases.
And over time she found she enjoyed it. She'd catch the eye of one of the pervs around town and give them a knowing smile. It was an unwritten rule, she'd never 'out' them in front of their wives or girlfriends, but it gave her a nice feeling, knowing that they liked to wank, an that she was responsible for helping them.
Emily was on another level. Shannon couldn't believe what she did next.
"If I show you something, Dave, do you promise not to tell anyone?" Dave agreed immediately.
"This is from a shoot I did last week. What to you think?" Emily laid the 'artistic' picture showing two loads of cum being jettisoned into her cheeks, as her pretty, smiling eyes stared directly into the camera. She quickly pulled it away out of reach as Dave went to pick it up like a beggar with a ten-pound note.
"Ah-ah! Not so fast!" She smiled, putting it back where it was. "You can look but don't touch!" And look he did. He looked in amazement and wonder. This type of material, in 1994, was impossible to find in the UK, and still very much illegal. If he wanted to see a girl doing something like this, he'd have to travel to the continent.
And here was the stunning Emily, who'd already fulfilled and surpassed any fantasies anyone could realistically have thought up about her, showing him how readily and enthusiastically she took sperm in her face.
"I'll give you ten pounds, right now," he said, feeling in his pocket. "Twenty," he countered immediately, seeing Emily not willing to accept this. "Twenty pounds, just for this one picture!"
Emily was flattered, enormously so. She had half a mind to accept, but this picture she wanted to keep.
"I can't give you this one, Dave, sorry. It's a good one though, isn't it? I can maybe find you another one though. You have to promise me, hand on heart, that you won't show anyone else and, even more importantly, that you didn't buy it from here. I'm deadly serious, I could go to jail!"
Shannon detected a little glimpse of a smile on Emily's lips as she said this. Dave was in immediate agreement, and Emily glanced under the counter, sorting through the pictures to find a suitable one. Dave was not disappointed with her choice. Shannon smiled, noting the casual way Emily produced the picture of herself surrounded by spent cocks and covered in cum for Dave's approval.
"Ten quid," Dave said immediately slapping it down on the counter. "You've got more?"
"I have, but these are originals, Dave. I've got no copies. I'll tell you what, I can give you another one, maybe three in total."
"Discount for buking in bulk?" he smiled. Emily laughed.
"Actually, I tell you what. A tenner each, or I can do five for thirty quid?"
Dave agreed immediately. Emily hand-picked five pictures depicting her exposing herself, masturbating with a bottle and being ejaculated on by six men. Dave had to nip out to the cashpoint but was back in a flash.
"These are absolutely amazing," Dave smiled, taking a long look at the sperm-soaked vision of Emily before sliding the pictures inside his copy of 'Girls about town' with great care. "So, are you going to be selling me stuff like this every week? I'm buying if you're selling. Especially... if you ever decide to, you know, go all the way. Just let me know, OK?"
"Watch this space," Emily winked salaciously.
Shannon waited until the door shut behind Dave before tuning to Emily in disbelief.
"Emily, what the fuck!" She was dumbfounded. "What are you doing! Anyone would think you want to get into trouble!"
Emily grinned in satisfaction at Shannon's reaction. She was growing to love to shock people, and Shannon wasn't as easily shocked as some, so this was an achievement. Tucking the three ten-pound notes into her bra, she shrugged.
"I think that's what's called selling direct, cutting out the middleman," she smiled. "I tell you what, if I can sell all these for a tenner each, we can both retire soon enough! Oh god though, I tell you what, that was amazing. The look on his face, he couldn't believe his luck!"
"So, is that your next thing, Emily? Selling illegal stuff to the guys direct?" Shannon was joking. But she wouldn't put anything past Emily now.
"No. Although it would be hot. And there was no way he was having this one, it's amazing!"
Shannon couldn't disagree. That full-face shot of the two loads hitting Emily's face at once, it was incredible. The longer you looked at it, the better it got. You could make out each little droplet which ricocheted away from her perfect skin. The detail was such that each of her individual pores was visible.
Those eyes, they were like a magnet. That smile -- she was so beautiful. That pure, clear and stunning beauty, being desecrated so completely by those two bulbous, red and throbbing cocks, was just incredible.
Shannon's mind was racing now, she couldn't take her eyes of that picture. She fantasised about herself being in Emily's place. What would that feel like, being the sole object of attention for a roomful of horny guys? Shannon wondered what Stephen would say to a picture of his girlfriend smiling out at the world with two guys wanking on her.
Shannon! She told herself. What are you thinking!
That night Stephen wondered what had hit him. Shannon had, as she almost always did now, brought a couple of magazines home with her. As they ate the pizza Stephen had cooked for them both, his fiancé read from the letters section.
She'd been doing this a lot recently, but usually it didn't happen until bedtime. Stephen didn't mind, although he wondered if it was OK for both of them to get so horny at the tales of casual and unexpected sex. Shannon seemed to have no issue with the renditions of threesomes, illicit encounters, even orgies!
"It's just fantasy," she'd assure him, and he liked that she was so into it. One of his friends was newly single, his girlfriend having left him after finding a porn magazine under his mattress. So, for Shannon to be the one bringing the magazines home seemed amazing, really.
As soon as they'd eaten, Shannon was astride him, still in the kitchen chair, encouraging the erection which her dirty talk had summoned inside a pussy which was as wet as he was hard. Stephen had to do very little work, other than just sit there and supply the cock for his girlfriend to bounce on.
This is new, he thought to himself, as Shannon's fingers found their way between her legs. He felt a fingernail scratch the wet shaft of his cock a couple of times as she sank down on it again and again, her fingers flitting attractively across her clit.
"Tell me when you are going to cum," she said. The words made it a self-fulfilling request.
"Now!" Stephen said urgently, at which Shannon dismounted him and fell to her knees, taking the cock, slimy with her juice, straight into her mouth. He started to tense up and she released him from her lips, wanking him hard with the tip just an inch from her cheek.
Shannon moaned appreciatively as Stephen coated the side of her face. She was still wearing her black t-shirt, and her shoulder was soon covered with thick, white globules as it dripped down from her cheek.
"That was amazing!" Stephen smiled appreciatively. He had no idea what had brought this on, Shannon had never done anything like it before.
Shannon continued playing with her clit, and now stood leaning over the sink and looking at herself in the mirror. Stephen could see two fingers, a blur as they worked frantically to bring her to orgasm. He was delighted to be marrying this beautiful, sexy thing, but couldn't help but feel a little intimidated at her growing sex drive. He only hoped he could keep up with her.
As she came, Shannon was looking at her sperm covered face. It looked a little lopsided, she thought. She'd look much better with cum dripping down both sides of her face like Emily.
Emily was back in the shop for a few days the following week, as Shannon had some time off. One afternoon she was a bit surprised to see Oliver, Shannon's father, come in. the shop was empty, it was mid-afternoon which was always quiet.
"Oh, hello!" Emily said casually. The atmosphere was a bit strange; this was the first time they'd spoken since the engagement party, which was when Emily had realised she'd sucked the dick of the father of the bride, as well as her brother, Oliver's son Richard. She loved Shannon and was cautious of spoiling their relationship. But Oliver did have a nice cock...
"Hi Emily. I was just passing, I thought I'd pop in. How's things?" Emily examined Oliver. He was good looking -- far too good looking for Michelle, his wife.
"Nice to see you," she smiled. "How are things going with the wedding preparations?"
"Chaotic!" Oliver laughed. "Shannon is not one to go for understated. Did she tell you she wants a horse-drawn carriage between the church and the reception?"
"She didn't! Oh, that's just perfect!"
"It is unless you are paying for it," he rolled his eyes.
"Oh, that hadn't even crossed my mind -- listen, do you want me to help out? I know it's tradition, father of the bride and all that, but I'm more than happy to do my bit."
"No, don't worry it's fine. The biggest problem is organising it all. But I'm sure it will all come together. Michelle is on it, she's good at that sort of thing. I just provide the finances."
Emily detected a hint of what might have been resentment when Oliver mentioned his wife. She'd picked up from conversations with Shannon that things probably weren't all hearts and flowers between Oliver and Michelle.
"Well, the offer is open," Emily smiled sweetly. A guy walked in and took down a copy of 'Bad Girls', Emily serving him with a smile before he left them alone again. This gave Oliver the opportunity to change the subject.
"So, listen. I just wanted to tell you that I know about your modelling career, and I think it's amazing. You are doing really well, from what I hear."
"From what you hear?" Emily looked at him intently.
"Well, OK, I've seen some of your sets -- you are beautiful, Emily, you really are."
"Oh, I see! Well, thanks! But I'm a bit surprised -- I've not sold you any magazines recently, have you been coming in and buying from Shannon?"
"Shannon! Oh god no, heaven forbid. No, I've bought one or two magazines - the ones I saw you on the cover. It must be strange for you, everyone seeing you like that?"
"Not strange, no. It's really exciting, I like it. And I must say I'm a little bit hurt you are giving your money to my competitors, Oliver!"
"Oh! I'm sorry. I never thought. I mean, I guess it seemed a bit inappropriate, coming in here and buying a magazine from you, with you on the cover, you know..."
"Because you are going to take it straight home and wank over it?" Emily winked. Oliver froze. Emily laughed at his expression, which wore confusion, shock and surprise, with a hint of excitement. She was warming up.
"Oliver, I know what you guys do with these magazines. And that's why I love what I do. Which ones did you buy?"
"Oh, just a couple..."
Oliver had bought quite a few copies of magazines featuring Emily, as it happened. Emily, as usual, was feeling naughty and proceeded to bring over some of the magazines he'd missed, and they spent a while looking through various shoots. Oliver was really appreciative and complimentary, and she was really enjoying his attention.
Emily knew that it would be a bad idea to do anything with Oliver again, but there was no harm flirting a bit, was there? She found herself trying to impress him, letting out little giggles and touching his arm subtly. As if showing him naked pictures wasn't enough.
After a little while he said he had to go, and Emily felt a little sad, she'd enjoyed spending time with Oliver. As he made to leave, she got a little rush as she realised there was something he'd not seen yet.
"Oh, Oliver. Can I trust you to keep a secret?"
"Of course," he smiled genially. Emily was restraining herself from dropping to her knees for him again, but this was almost as good.
"OK -- so I've done a few naughtier pictures recently. You know, like a bit too sexy for the magazines."
Oliver's eyes lit up.
"Oh! Really?"
Yeah. Do you want to see?"
Oliver did. Suddenly he was in no rush to leave. Emily happily repeated the little show she'd done with Dave, and Oliver found himself watching in growing disbelief as he slowly realised just how far Emily was prepared to go on camera.
"What do you think?" Emily asked girlishly, as Oliver digested the final, sperm sodden shots, her smiling face shining out from each. His eyes moved from the filth Emily was happily advertising, to the stunning, real-life Emily, as usual dressed to kill with plenty of cleavage on show.
Oliver had seen her perfect tits first-hand before. She'd invited him to ejaculate in her mouth before and swallowed expertly. Oliver treasured the memory. And now it was time to make another memory.
"Sorry!" Oliver said, and simply pulled his cock out and started wanking.
"Oliver!" Emily squealed in delight. The shop was still open, someone could walk in at any time.
"Fucking... hell... Emily!" he grunted, eyes glued to the dirty pictures spread across the counter. "What kind... fuck! What kind of slut are you?"
Emily's face beamed with delight to the sight of Oliver's hand pumping hard. She loved any man masturbating over her, but Oliver held a special place in her heart, for some reason. She toyed with the idea of locking the door, but she knew she could make the whole thing finish very soon.
"I'm the sort of slut who loves doing things like this, Oliver," she grinned. "I love spreading my legs for the camera, knowing I'm getting cocks hard. Because I love hard cocks. Look at me! Look at how much I love spunk in my face, in my mouth, all over my cunt! I want you to cum all over my counter now, Oliver!"
Oliver did as he was told immediately. Emily snatched up her precious pictures, saving them from a drenching as sperm started shooting across the counter. She smiled at him.
"That's it, Oliver. Empty your balls all over my counter." He was still shooting as Emily stooped and began licking it up, fixing her eyes on Oliver's as it slowed to a dribble. She leaned over and locked her lips around Oliver's glans, sucking the last little bit of sperm out. As she did so, her breasts squashed into the glass, smearing sperm all over the front of her blouse.
"Oops! Look at me, all covered in cum again!" she giggled. She laughed even more as a woman came into the shop, forcing him to turn away from her, his hard cock still sticking out of the front of his trousers. Emily calmly disappeared for a moment before returning with a cardigan covering her cum-covered chest and a roll of tissue and cleaning spray to make her counter presentable.
Oliver almost stumbled away from the shop in a bit of a daze. If he hadn't met her himself, he wouldn't have believed a woman like Emily existed. She was beautiful, awesomely so. Stunning, there was no other word to describe her. And, with it, a complete slut.
He wouldn't admit it to his friends, but Oliver's wife Michelle had never allowed his penis anywhere near her mouth. Not only that, he hadn't had sex with her for more than a decade. Once the kids had arrived, sex had served its purpose for Michelle.
The contrast between his wife and Emily was stark. Emily was open, warm and approachable. Michelle was cynical, sarcastic and cold. Emily was beautiful, sexy and alluring. Michelle was sexless and dowdy. Emily was an utter, unrepentant, cock-hungry whore.
On balance, neither was the ideal companion. But he knew which was more fun to be around.
A few days later, Emily was looking forward to her next visit to the camera club that evening. The thought that everyone there had watched her performance last time was thrilling. Moreover, the steady trail of members dropping into her shop with package after package of their pictures of the evening gave her such a buzz.
The thought of them in their dark rooms, waiting patiently whilst another image of her smiling, cum-splattered body gradually emerged from their developing pictures had her crossing and uncrossing her legs repeatedly on the train, which unfortunately was too crowded for her to allow herself a surreptitious hand down the front of her jeans.
It was only one stop on the train, she'd decided against driving as it was rush-hour, and the train was much quicker. Her bag was heavy. She was originally only going to bring the 'legal' pictures with her, but decided to bring all of the shots from last week, for two reasons:
Firstly, she found the very thought of showing Alan the enormous number of shots depicting her love of hard cocks and semen almost too hot to imagine.
But secondly, she wondered whether he might have some suggestions of what she should do with the hardcore ones. She'd flirted with the idea of selling them to her pervs and, whilst the idea was incredibly arousing, it wasn't a sustainable business model. So, she'd reluctantly shelved that idea.
A polite man of around her age noticed her struggling with the heavy sports bag and offered to help.
"Wow! What are you carrying, a dead body?" he exclaimed as he took the full weight of it.
"Maybe," Emily grinned at him. He 'happened' to be going the same way as Emily, and she recognised the amorous signs as he eyed her up and down. She enjoyed his eyes on her tight top, braless nipples poking out proudly, and her smooth, toned, bare legs emerging from her tight, almost-miniskirt.
She thanked him and declined his request for her number. She had half a mind to tell him to join the camera club so he could watch her perform for the guys but thought better of it -- it wasn't really her place, and she didn't even know if they were taking on new members, it had been standing room only last week.
Half an hour later, she was walking back to the train. The bag was much lighter -- the seven-hundred-plus pictures had been replaced with quite a large wad of banknotes. Although there was a lot of them, the bag felt light as a feather now -- two-thousand pounds didn't really weigh much.
And later, as she arrived back at the camera club, she was delighted to see their reaction as she handed over their share of the proceeds.
"So, it seems my contact, Alan, has a market for the stronger stuff after all," she smiled casually, as she settled into her first poses. Tonight, she was going to be stripping out of what she'd affectionately termed her 'whore outfit'. "A high-class whore, or course!" she'd smiled sweetly as she removed her coat.
A tight, black miniskirt which was just too short to cover the matching black panties underneath, matching black hold-up, lacy stockings and push-up bra, with a white blouse tied underneath her superb breasts.
"He knows a guy who sells to the European market," she continued, enjoying the weight of their eyes on her. "As soon as he saw your pictures, he agreed to buy them, the only question was how much. The only problem was the lack of variety -- if I'd taken him seven hundred pictures with three or four different sets, we'd probably have doubled our money."
The bizarre thing about the situation was that neither Emily nor the guys had really thought about money for a fraction of the time they'd thought about what she did last week, and what she was likely to do this time.
"So," Will said genially as he and the other guys snapped Emily bending over an armchair, her skirt riding up, "We had a meeting yesterday. Assuming you are in agreement, we were thinking we could use the extra funds we're generating now to hire a bigger venue. We've managed to squeeze a few more in tonight somehow, but there's a lot of guys we had to turn away."
"Oh! That's a shame!" Emily smiled, turning and bending forwards, her arms squashing her breasts together into a formidable cleavage. "But yeah, it sounds like a great idea! How many wanted to come then?"
"Quite honestly, I lost track. Anne and I were answering the phone all week from prospective members. To be honest though, the money you've brought in means that there's no need to take on any more subscriptions. So if you'd rather keep things small?"
"Oh no!" Emily said immediately. "I like the sound of a bigger venue. The more the merrier, right?"
"Right. Well, we'll see about a change of scenery soon. You are still OK making this a regular thing?"
"More than OK," Emily smiled, lying back on the tan leather chair and spreading her legs wide to reveal the gusset of her knickers. "I couldn't believe the pictures you guys managed to take last week. Some of them were real works of art, honestly. Alan is a photographer too, and he was the first to say your shots put anything he's done to shame.
"So, I was thinking. If we do something similar to last week, but I'll do a couple of outfit changes, so we've got a bit more variety. We can get the tame stuff done first, but then as we know there's a market for it, I thought we could get a bit naughty again, if you like?"
"Right! That sounds like a plan," Will said brightly. He glanced over to his wife Anne. Emily's 'a bit naughty' had last week translated to her fucking herself with a bottle as six guys masturbated and ejaculated over her. Emily could almost hear the minds in the room wondering what might come next.
Emily had thought long and hard about what she wanted to do this time. On the one hand, she was now one hundred percent ready to fuck on camera. She thought about little else. There would come a time, in the not-too-distant future, where she'd be published performing every sex act in the book.
But, right now, there were lots of things she'd not done. And each of them was a doubt, a guess, a fantasy, until it actually happened. The guys knew they could wank on her, cover her in cum - there was no doubt about that now. But no cock had penetrated that perfect body yet.
Would she suck cock? What was her technique like? Would the guys be able to finger her, lick her pussy? Would she fuck? What positions did she like? Did she make noise whilst she fucked? Would she allow herself to be spit roasted? Anal?
These were all questions that Emily imagined going around the guys' heads. And, whilst she knew they'd like the answers to each, and that she was going to provide them, until that happened there was a glorious anticipation hanging over everything.
However, Emily did not have the willpower to drip-feed this stuff as slowly as she'd have liked to. And so, once the tamer shots were in the bag, mere nude, full-frontal pictures of her naked body, she began to invite a variety of guys in her mouth as she demonstrated her love of cock.
It was glorious, Emily thought. She adored hard cock, and there were several guys ready to give her what she wanted. She had no idea what the camera club's policy on new members was, but it was noticeable that, whilst the attendance had increased, the number of cameras in use was the same as last time. At least four, maybe five new guys appeared to be present solely to provide her with another penis.
This was absolutely fine by Emily. She began proceedings on her knees, Smiling, she summoned her first nice, hard dick. Whilst she was very much ready to take on the whole room, she heeded Alan's advice. There was a market for the type of pictures she'd provided last week -- full-on extreme filth. But there was actually a bigger market for the more 'vanilla' stuff, as Alan had termed it.
So, Emily determined to firstly take on just one guy, playing the part of a woman in a loving, monogamous relationship. She liked the hard cock in her mouth, she liked it a lot. She loved the eyes on her, everyone getting to see how well she sucked a cock. But she longed to reach out her hands and feel the hard warmth of a second and a third.
She focused on bringing this one guy off as quick as possible, and in less than five minutes she was looking lovingly up into his eyes, mouth wide open, her tongue laying a red carpet for his sperm. Holding the pose long enough for all the guys to get plenty of shots of the scene, she then swallowed her first load of the night. That was nice, but it wasn't what she'd been dreaming of.
"Thanks," she smiled up at her sperm donor, sucking the last drop from his softening dick and giving it a little kiss. "Now, let's warm things up!"
Emily held an arm out, each palm open and inviting. In seconds she held a dick in each hand, to accompany the new one that had just appeared, bobbing in front of her face. She encouraged the guys to feel her up as they liked, and she soon had hands taking turns between her legs or kneading her breasts as she got to work on first one cock and then the other.
Emily was actually very inexperienced. She'd spent a lot of time worshipping Pavel's Russian dick, but that was years ago now. However, ever since her sex toy collection had its first addition of a lifelike dildo, she'd spent a lot of time with her jaw locked open, just like it was now, forced open by simulated meat.
She enjoyed fixing a fake dick by its sucker onto the glass door in her living room and trying to replicate the feeling of an insistent cock thrusting into the back of her throat. She regularly choked herself, almost to the point of unconsciousness, with a fake cock.
So, Emily was pleasantly surprised to realise that a real penis was much easier to accommodate, in comparison to the rubber or plastic ones she'd tried up to now. Yes, they still choked her a bit, but without the artificial feeling, her throat felt like it fitted some of the larger cocks like a glove.
She loved the smaller ones almost as much as the big thick ones -- it was so easy to really go to town on them, and she adored having her face squashed right into a guy's crotch, his whole length completely engulfed by her pretty mouth and throat.
Emily wasn't sure how many cocks were to be made available to her this evening. All she cared about was that they kept on coming. And come they did. She dealt with every dick in turn, giving each thirty seconds or so of attention before moving on to the next. Throughout, she tried to remain aware of where the cameras were, to make sure they could see exactly what they needed to. She was already looking forward to seeing the pictures the guys were getting.
This was her only frustration. In order to ensure the guys got good pictures, she was constantly having to freeze for a few seconds. Emily wanted good pictures as much as everyone there, but she would have loved to have just let the whole room gather around and make use of her hands, her breasts, her face as they saw fit.
Nevertheless, even given the staccato nature of things, it was fucking hot, and she still managed an orgasm at regular intervals, unable to hold back and forgetting the cameras as her fingers found her aching little clit again.
Before tonight Emily had sucked a grand total of three cocks in her thirty-eight years on this earth. And one of those had been Oliver, Shannon's father, who had shot his load into her mouth after only a few seconds, so she wasn't sure this counted. Mike, her ex-husband, had never had the pleasure that Emily would offer so freely to any guy in the vicinity tonight.
As her lips wrapped around each new penis, she made a mental note. Four... five... six... Some sort of buzzing device was introduced between her legs -- it filled her up quite nicely, and something was rubbing against her clit in a lovely, teasing motion. It also felt like it gyrated, writhing inside her somehow. She would take a look at it was just as soon as her view wasn't completely obscured by dicks.
She had sucked eight cocks by the time the first guy started to cum. The men had done their preparation. Each impending ejaculation was preceded by a countdown -- three, two, one... Emily took this as her countdown to show everyone just what a slut she was, as sperm was fired into her mouth and face right on cue.
This system proved perfect. All the cameras began clicking frantically just as the sperm began to emerge. Emily made sure to smile and make eye contact with as many of the lenses around her as she could, any one of these shots might be another masterpiece, she told herself.
The motion of whatever was inside her, which was being held firmly by a random hand, and the feeling of dirtiness at again allowing multiple guys to use her as a semen destination brought her first orgasm of the night. Just as it started to subside, she felt a sting as a hand slapped her hard across the ass, and her nipple was pinched sharply, sending a rush of pain which suddenly gave her a new focus, a new thrill.
Looking down, Emily saw the device up inside her cunt was a 'rabbit' style vibrator. She'd seen them advertised and had thought about getting one, this had made up her mind. She recognised the guy holding it inside was of one of her regular 'pervs' from the shop, she wasn't sure of his name, but she remembered he'd really seemed to enjoy the sets where she played with dildos. It must be nice for him to get such a first-hand, close-up view, she smiled to herself.
There was another countdown, another load was coming, so she turned to accept it, but felt disappointment as the rabbit was withdrawn, but then another rush as it was replaced by what must be a finger. She hadn't given permission for this, she thought.
But to be fair, the guy had received no objection to him pushing a sex toy inside her and holding it there as she came hard on it. So, it would hardly be fair to ask him to stop. Besides, it felt amazing. Soon one finger became two, and Emily was impressed by his dextrousness, her clit was now being stimulated at the same time.
As she glanced back again having dealt with this latest cock, she saw that there were actually two guys teaming up to provide this incredible feeling, and she started to feel a new climax building.
Once this latest orgasm had died down Emily, again heeding Alan's advice, halted proceedings temporarily for a costume change. She performed a brief, rushed solo set to show off the outfit before continuing to suck cock and allow hands to roam her body as the guys saw fit. Her new outfit, a tartan minidress and white knee socks, lent a little variety to the occasion, but it was soon drenched in cum, just like its owner.
Her face and tits were again the most popular destinations for the guys' sperm, but she encouraged the last three men to shoot over her spread cunt again, the feeling of warm semen splashing over her pussy still in her mind from the last time, and her enjoyment tripled this time.
As the supply-line of semen dried up, she reached for the rabbit and the room watched on in complete, awed silence as she used it to gather the cocktail of three loads of cum into a little pool and push it up inside herself, repeating the process a couple of times to ensure everyone got some good shots.
The then proceeded to use the cum-covered rabbit to bring herself to her biggest climax of the night. She would absolutely be buying one of these first thing tomorrow, she decided as she glowed with the pleasure and happiness of all the members of the camera club. If there were fifteen last time, that means it would be closer to twenty today. That was a good number, she thought.
Smiling for the cameras, she turned and posed as directed, everyone enjoying the sight of this stunning woman a complete mess, having delighted in taking an enormous number of cumshots all over her body.
"It looks like you guys enjoyed yourselves tonight!" she joked, gesturing to the state of herself with pride. "But not as much as I did, I bet. I can't wait to see all the pictures, please get them to me as soon as you can!"
*******
"Have you got everything organised?"
Shannon and Stephen's wedding was in two weeks' time. Shannon had taken a few days for her dress fitting, and to arrange some other stuff, but she'd seemed remarkably relaxed. Emily would have loved a big wedding, but circumstances had conspired against her, and a registry office service attended by twenty or thirty close friends, followed by an evening do in the room above the local pub had been her lot.
"Yeah, I think so," Shannon said. "But there is one thing..."
Emily could tell from Shannon's expression that it was going to be an interesting request. It had been impossible not to notice the change in Shannon -- she rarely went home without some or other dirty magazine, was constantly quizzing Emily about her latest shoots, and Emily had been noticing the batteries on her toys, which she kept in a drawer in the office, had been running out much quicker than they used to.
She didn't want to put Shannon on the spot, and quite liked the thought of her experiencing the same little thrills Emily herself had enjoyed whilst working here. Shannon had mentioned a few times that she was basically working in a sex shop a lot of the time, but she always said it with a smile on her face.
Emily hadn't known many people when she'd started working here, whereas Shannon knew pretty much everyone in this small town. This, Emily realised, made it quite different for her -- where Emily was serving one of her pervs, Shannon was serving her old driving instructor, a friend's father, an old teacher or an ex-boyfriend.
Whenever Emily quizzed her about how she was enjoying her new job, she was nothing but positive, and Emily guessed the depleted battery supply was evidence of this. Emily liked the thought of Shannon using her little butterfly vibrator, or pushing the steel balls inside herself when she had a free moment.
"I was thinking. Stephen's really been enjoying the sexy stuff, recently. The magazines, me reading him the stories, that sort of thing. I had my wedding dress fitted, and it's amazing! I'd like to do some sexy shots, you know, to commemorate the wedding. Just for Stephen's eyes only."
"In your wedding dress?"
"In and out of it! I know Stephen would love to see me do some of the things you do -- just the solo stuff, of course."
"Of course," Emily smiled wickedly.
"But I've got the whole underwear set, the garter, white suspender belt, the whole lot. I just thought it would be a lovely, sexy reminder of our special day, you know? And I know you've got the contacts, so I was hoping..."
And so, there was an extra shoot that week at the camera club. Emily had been at pains to make it very clear that her son's girlfriend was not to be treated like Emily liked to be treated. Shannon had indicated that she'd like some sensual, erotic and beautiful shots, and was prepared to pay. Emily had dismissed that idea out of hand, and arranged for Will to pull out all the stops.
Emily was interested to see Shannon had completely shaved, just like she had. In 1994, this wasn't a common preference.
"Shaved? Was that my influence?" she called over Will's shoulder as Shannon had eased the gusset of her expensive, sheer white panties to one side.
"Maybe," Shannon had replied coyly.
"Does Stephen like it?"
"Maybe!" she winked.
She recognised the flush in Shannon's cheeks and on her chest as signs of arousal. She was pleased her soon to be daughter-in-law was enjoying herself.
Emily took some time during the shoot to quiz Anne about her previous experience modelling for the club. Anne had told her she'd modelled for them too, years ago.
"So, Anne, you said you have lots of pictures from your time as a model for the guys?"
"I do indeed. I'll show you some, I think these two will be fine on their own for a bit." Emily followed Shannon up the stairs into her living room. In the back corner was a cabinet with sliding doors, and within was a pile of old photo albums, as well as several carrier bags. All were packed with pictures.
Anne took Emily through her modelling portfolio. Her and Will had been free spirits, it seemed. Their mid-thirties had coincided with the sexual revolution, and the contraceptive pill becoming available easily, in the late sixties.
"I think I was probably about thirty-five or so when I went on the pill," Anne explained, as she sifted through what proved to be thousands of photos from her past. "We had two kids before I was twenty, and they'd flown the nest -- that's how it was in those days. So, we had a lot of time on our hands.
"And everything was changing. Suddenly all the girls were wearing tiny skirts, and it was OK to, you know, sleep around a bit. Will always had a naughty streak and took up photography as a hobby. It was my idea to pose for him. This is one of the first shoots."
Anne handed Emily a photo album. The stickiness on the thin clear plastic had long gone, and the pictures moved as she opened it, so se lay it flat on the floor, kneeling as she turned the pages.
"Oh, wow Anne! You were so beautiful! I mean, you are still lovely, of course, but..."
"You should have seen me when I was in my twenties!" Anne smiled proudly. The pictures showed Anne in classic sixties lingerie. Her long blonde hair was piled up on the top of her head and the set was in black and white. She looked amazing.
As Emily turned each page, an impressive body was slowly revealed. Her breasts were the equal of Emily's. The last few pictures showed a naked Anne, with a large bush of hair between her legs.
"Nobody shaved in those days," Anne observed. "Not even a trim. I must say it's must more attractive what you do down there -- and Shannon too."
Anne went on to elaborate on her story.
"So, Will was a right dirty bugger, back then. Still is, but then he could back it up. I got a right shock when he told me he'd shown some of the boys in the pub my pictures. And then even more of a shock when he started inviting them over. But it worked out quite nicely for everyone, I think."
Anne handed another album over. Emily gasped as she opened it up. The first picture showed Anne in a similar underwear set. A man who was very clearly not Will was behind her and cupping her breasts, whilst kissing her neck. Anne was reaching around and cradling his head.
"Wow!" Emily said, impressed. She flicked through and observed with approval the pictures of Anne being undressed by this guy. She sucked his cock, and he fucked her on the couch. The final pictures were close-ups of her hairy cunt with thick white semen oozing out.
"That's awesome!" Emily enthused. "And Will didn't mind?"
"Are you kidding? It was all his idea. I mean, don't' get me wrong, I had some suggestions of my own. And I wasn't going to object to any of it. We are a good fit, that way. But no, he definitely didn't mind!"
"Oh god, Anne. These are really hot! I never would have dreamed it; you both seem so..."
"Old! It will happen to you one day, my dear," Anne winked. "And the fire does die down a bit. I modelled right up to my late forties. But it was so much fun, and we love going through the old pictures."
Anne and Emily spend the best part of an hour going through album after album showing Anne fucking Will's friends. Emily found it absolutely fascinating that this sort of thing went on in what, from the outside, seemed like an ordinary, loving relationship.
Most of the shoots showed Anne taking on at least two guys. The weekly shoots were, according to Anne, a big reason their relationship had lasted so strongly. They both looked forward to them, and the photographic evidence was a constant catalyst for a sexual connection which only time had managed to subdue.
"Wyll can still get it up, but it takes quite a lot these days. It's been really nice for him these past few weeks. You've proved a real tonic for him -- for both of us."
"Oh, thanks!" Emily found it strangely gratifying being thanked by this older lady for arousing her husband. She again wondered at their relationship. Anne had watched on as her husband and his friends had fingered Emily, used her mouth and covered her in cum on a couple of occasions now.
Looking at what Anne had got up to in the past, Emily could see why she would have no complaints. But it wasn't just a reciprocal agreement. Anne seemed to get real enjoyment and excitement at the sight of her husband taking all his sexual urges out on her, on another woman.
And Will -- all of these pictures, they were his idea. He wanted Anne to be fucked by other men just as much as she wanted it. What a civilised arrangement this was! Since Mike, Emily had never even contemplated embarking on any kind of a relationship -- all the rules and the restrictions, it just wasn't her thing.
But this, what Anne and Will had. That she could see working. Not just working, it seemed to enhance their relationship. This was food for thought. There was something really hot about the whole arrangement.
Then came back into the basement to see a completely naked Shannon, legs apart on the bed, with Will snapping away happily. Her puffy lips and engorged clit told Emily that Shannon was desperate for release.
Shannon was indeed as aroused as she could remember. The whole situation was so exciting. Her virginal white wedding dress lay crumpled on the chair. For the best part of an hour Will had coaxed innumerable poses out of her, and she'd done everything he'd suggested. This wasn't what a bride-to-be would usually be doing.
She had a few doubts when Will suggested she stretch her tight little hole wide for his camera, but she agreed that Stephen would, indeed, love to see her do that. And slipping first one, then two fingers inside had seemed like a small escalation.
She knew that the little trickle of her juice which was steadily dripping down her perineum would be glistening in the camera flash. This was definitely further than she'd intended to go. But she was just so fucking horny.
So, when Emily handed her that little rabbit vibrator, she'd slipped it inside immediately. The control was on the end of a wire, and Emily had helpfully turned it on for her.
The feeling was incredible. The whole thing twisted inside her gently, and the little rabbit ears made her gasp as the surge of excitement shooting through her body took her breath away.
Shannon's orgasm was almost immediate, and intensified by the three people standing and enjoying her climax. It was so liberating and so fucking horny to have people watching.
As they left, Emily suggested that Will and Anne should be allowed to keep a copy of the pictures. She could vouch for them not showing anyone else, and it would be a suitable payment for the amazing pictures Will would provide her with for her husband's wedding present.
Shannon agreed, after a little thought, and realised that when Will or Anne came into her shop, which they regularly did, it would throw a new and exciting perspective on things, knowing that they had not only watched this, they could also relive it at any time. Shannon was starting to understand Emily's attraction to being exposed.
When the pictures arrived, Shannon was delighted with the results. Expertly made-up by Anne, in her finest wedding-day attire, Shannon posed for some incredible shots.
The pictures were so good, many were distributed around the guests and family after the event. The early ones where she smiled sweetly and innocently, holding her little corsage and bouquet of flowers, were fit for any audience.
But the later ones were just for the happy couple (and Anne and Will). These ranged from artistic, to erotic, to explicit. The young manager of Emily's shop following in her boyfriend's mother's footsteps, naked and with her legs apart, stretching her cunt open and slipping a finger or two inside herself.
Will and Anne's relationship was as intriguing to Shannon than it had been to Emily, and they discussed it at length.
"It all just seems so much easier," Emily had mused, during another long chat in the shop, which they were having more regularly by the week. "All the marriages that break up, that I've known, it's nearly always infidelity -- cheating, whatever you want to call it. Anne and Will, there's no such thing -- they share all of that. It's just so much more sensible.
"Honestly, even with Mike. If he'd just invited all his friends around to fuck me once a week, that would probably have kept me happy enough."
Shannon looked at the woman who in just a few weeks would be her mother-in-law. Emily was genuine in what she was saying. Her complete honesty and the way she embraced what most people would consider an unacceptable affliction never failed to make her smile.
"Only if they all took pictures of you. And then published them in every dirty magazine there was," Shannon contended, smirking cheekily.
"OK," Emily conceded. "But you know what I mean."
"So, are you saying I should let Stephen cheat on me?" Shannon was half serious. Emily seemed to be trying to modify what marriage actually was, what it meant. And Shannon was getting married in just a few weeks, to her son. So, her opinion was very relevant.
"Oh, I don't know. I mean, I think you should do what makes you happy, both of you. But that word -- 'cheating'. It's only cheating if someone decides that it's unacceptable. Will and Anne, they both had sex with other people, but I don't think either of them think anyone 'cheated', and they are the happiest couple I've met.
Emily had done several further shoots by the time of the wedding day. Alan continued to purchase everything she offered him, tame and hardcore alike, and she continued to be published, more often than not appearing as centrefold or cover girl each month.
She had no idea where Alan was selling them, but her harder snaps continued to feature Emily sucking a lot of cocks, enjoying pints of sperm and opening her legs for fingers, objects and, more recently, tongues, which had become a nice addition to proceedings.
Her income from these pictures would have afforded her an extremely comfortable lifestyle on its own. Combined with the shop going from strength to strength under Shannon's guidance, she'd had to employ a financial advisor who had helped her with some investments.
Given her growing wealth, she'd ignored Oliver's protestation and paid for the honeymoon, which was to be two weeks in the Maldives. Emily thought it looked amazing, and decided she'd like to go there too, one day.
This thought took her back to Will and Anne. Until that day, realising how their relationship worked, sharing her life with someone else hadn't been on Emily's agenda. But she was feeling a growing desire for companionship. Not at the expense of her sex life, but if both could somehow be accommodated, maybe it was possible.
The night before the wedding Emily spent a long time trying on several different dresses. She'd bought three in the preceding weeks, changing her mind frequently and hedging her bets. She settled on a black, strapless number, extremely revealing and befitting a porn star, but still saying 'classy' somehow.
Tomorrow would be a good day, she decided.