Like many women, Carmen carried within her a totally different personality than she appeared. An aggressive temperament that she had not allowed to develop, due to being the younger sister in her family. That made her shy and very embarrassing and dress in a very modest way.
Carmen is a really attractive woman. Dark-haired, she had a very penetrating look that made your hair stand on end. At 5 feet 5 inches, she had a strong build, with size 34B tits. Sometimes she stuck out his tongue, which was very long and gave me chills thinking about what he could do with it. I dream her sucking my dick...
But beyond that correct and formal appearance hid a fiery woman. A little fox was hiding that nearly was a whore. "On Friday I'm going to meet Pollastrón," he told me one day, while rubbing a tube glass, moving his closed hand up and down as she has doing a wank.
On another occasion, she told me that she had been with some friends dubbing a porn movie into Spanish. The first thing I thought of was the orgasm passage: "Keep going, keep going, Raúl, put it in me well. Ahhmmmm, I'm cumming, honey." How would you dub the fellatio scenes? And above all, wouldn't you be embarrassed to talk to your friends like that?
And over time, what had to happen, happened. One day she came to my house wearing a completely transparent blouse. I didn't know where to look. The tone of the garment was very dark, so at first glance, it was a blouse like any other. But no, looking closer, it looked totally transparent. And the best thing is that instead of wearing a normal bra, she had bought a bustier bra. But the shape of the tits was completely transparent.
It wasn't as daring as the light blue blouse she had given her sister and which she was so naughty to wear over her white sheer lace bra. That day it only occurred to her to go to an office where she had worked. She was talking to a colleague for 20 minutes, who didn't take his eyes off her tits. It was incredible, 20 minutes trying to see where the nipples were located. And the best thing of all was that my girlfriend didn't seem to notice. Didn't she realize where he was looking at her? Yes, to the tits, but trying to find where the nipples were. "You have to see how dirty you are, what nonsense you say," he dared to point out to me. It seems that the whore character ran in her family.
Meanwhile, Carmen continued exploring new ways of dressing. One Sunday I came home and found a sister-in-law dressed in a tank top, which showed more than it covered. When I entered the dining room the only thing that occurred to her was to stretch her entire body, with his arms above his head. And, of course, she showed almost half of her bra.
It seemed like he didn't realize what he was showing, but when I went to the bathroom, I had a huge wank. What would she think if she knew I was masturbating thinking about her? It's not that I liked it either, but there was something about it that made me crazy...
Carmen started working in a large company with offices throughout Madrid. It served the public in areas with a lot of traffic of foreigners who already dressed differently. That's where she started wearing white blouses that showed off her bra. Underwear also registered a change. The waist of the nickers became higher and higher. Until then, women who wanted to dress more fashionably wore small panties whose waist was at the height of the hips. Raising the hem of the garment occurred as they became smaller and tucked into the ass crack or became thongs.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I have to take some photos for my college ID. Would you mind doing them for me?" she told me one day in September. A week later, we were with her boyfriend and a friend, when they took out some nude photos I had taken a few years ago for a magazine. They started to laugh, that if "look at what pointy nipples the aunt has" or "look at the mop of hair this slut has..."
As we were going to take the photos, I was furious. "Wait, I'm coming now," I said and took some photos I had taken in Mallorca when my girlfriend and I visited this year. If the others joked with a poor woman, Carmen would make it up so she wouldn't feel bad. Basically, in the photos I was without any stitch on in my body. You could see everything I have. And with an erection!!!!.
"Have you seen how they make fun of that poor woman? And how do they not care that it might bother you, eh? Well, nothing, look at the photos I took with your sister so you won't feel envy..." She picked up the slide viewer and began to observe. I expected her to make some gesture of disapproval, but no. She didn't do it. I didn't know what I should do. 21, 22, 23 seconds and Carmen not only didn't say anything, but she didn't take her eye off the viewer...
Why didn't she look away from the viewer? Because of the way I looked in the photo. The most Carmen had seen of me was my thin body and my short swimsuit. Now, for the first time, she saw what was under the swimsuit: a long mop of hair, an erect cock, and some balls hanging out. I had never seen a photo like this.
When I caressed myself over my pants, watching the Tour de France, this day she was also very curious and didn't complain about my hand in my dick, so I think she liked the show. She didn't say anything either when I show her my nude crotch in that diapo. She just looked and didn't look away even when I noticed and looked at her. I was the one who stopped looking at her. I was enjoying the moment immensely.
Carmen still didn't say anything and after about thirty seconds I took the visor away from her, but her discontent was so visible that I gave it to her again. "You have seen the coast and the sea, what a beautiful place." But it was all an excuse for her to continue looking at my crotch. Would they ever have shown her a photo like that? Was it my hair or my balls that she liked more? Because it's clear that she liked it, because otherwise he would have removed the visor and complained. Or was it my cock she was looking at closely? The glans was perfectly visible. And, most importantly, the entire cock was showing a very swollen hard on. I am enjoying letting her see my cock. I was nearly masturbating.
And she was so horny that she was unable to speak. Looking at my cock with a huge erection, with the glans well drawn and pink. Not forgetting all the hair and eggs hanging out. I gave her the viewfinder one more time and started taking photos.
In the twelve or thirteen photos I took of her she had an expression that I had never seen before. Like she was thinking about something. She hadn't said anything. She hadn't complained. And I couldn't stop thinking about my cock, my balls and my generous public hair.
Since then, I have no evidence that she said anything to her sister. I think she always kept the secret. I would have liked to ask her on some occasion what she thought of what she had done. I would have liked her to tell me what she thought of what she had seen...
Would she think about my cock and balls when she started dubbing porn movies with his friends? "Ahhmmmmm, don't stop rubbing it. Put it deep inside me." Since she saw the photo of the beach, Mari Carmen could already think of something hard when she was dubbing porn. She could think about my cock, which she seemed to like quite a bit.