Max and I had thoroughly enjoyed our staycation week, but tonight was our last night and I was already sad that our time together would end tomorrow. Spending every minute of every day together could go well or not. In our case, we had a blast together and didn't want the fun to end.
"I have a surprise for tonight baby," Max said grinning ear to ear.
"You do?" I asked excitedly. Anything to take my mind off the fact that tonight was our last night to sleep together for a while. It was the actual sleeping together that I would miss the most. Ok, second most....
"I found out there's a sex club in town," he said.
"What?" I exclaimed, "I am sure there are plenty but...." He cut me off before I could say anymore.
"Yes, one of my friends went and said it's an upscale place and completely safe," he said with his eyes pleading. "I know you want to....."
"Of course I want to," I said, and before I could say any thing else he explained that we were going to go out and buy something suitable to wear at the club. I tried to protest that we didn't need to spend the money, but he insisted saying we had saved a lot of money during our staycation and he wanted to do something special on our last night. Who was I to complain about that?
We spent the afternoon shopping and having a lot of laughs trying to pick out sexy outfits for each other. We went back to my apartment and showered, but Max wouldn't let me cum. He just teased me in the shower, telling me that if I was a good girl he'd make sure I came for him tonight. I loved when he took control like that.
We got dressed in our new sleek black clothes. Max wore all black pants and shirt, and I wore a short black mini skirt with a tight shiny black bodice. We were looking very sexy, and ready for some hot fun.
Going to a sex club was something I had always wanted to do but kept chickening out whenever the opportunity came up. But tonight was our night! When we arrived I didn't really know what to expect. We were welcomed as one time guests and we walked through the busy barlike atmosphere. As we walked deeper into the club we saw the unique sex part of this kind of club.
I saw a woman lying face down on a spanking bench as a man stood off to her side. She was naked but the man had jeans on with no shirt or shoes. My first thought was that he was so sexy. Jeans were always something I found irresistible on a man. I felt bad when I found other men attractive, but I knew Max found other women attractive. It was natural, and we were ok with it.
I couldn't take my eyes off of the man. Max stood behind me as we watched the couple. The man secured the woman's wrist and ankles to the legs of the bench. I wondered if she was comfortable. Her hair hung in her face so I couldn't tell from her expression.
I saw him touch her gently and lean over to whisper to her a couple times. He continued to walk around her until I saw his hand raise over her butt. Spanking. Yes, recently Max had tried spanking me and I liked it. I heard the loud slap on her ass and I jumped myself.
"Easy baby," Max whispered in my ear, threading his fingers through mine at my sides.
"Ok?" the man asked the woman.
"Yes Sir," she replied.
"More?" the man asked.
"Yes Sir," she replied.
We stood there watching as he slapped and caressed both ass cheeks until they were pink. Her sounds of pleasure were arousing as she whimpered and moaned. I could see her breathing quicken as her body rose and fell.
I felt Max's hand caress my butt. "You like this don't you baby?" Fuck yes, I thought.
"Yes Sir," I said to him with a smile but never taking my eyes off of the couple.
"Is he making you wet?" he asked.
"Yes," I managed to squeak out as Max moved his hand down and his finger slid along my pussy lips. His other hand went to my stomach to pull me against him. I hoped that ensured no one could see what he was doing to me under my skirt.
"Do you want to cum now?" the man asked the woman on the bench.
"Yes Sir," she replied.
"When I say so," he instructed as he moved to massage her butt cheeks with both hands. He spread her legs a bit more than they already were. He had easy access to her pussy. Max had brought my juices up to my clit. I sucked in my breath and bit my lower lip.
"Stop," Max said, "No noise from you and I'll let you cum too."
"Yes?" I whispered hopefully.
"Oh yes," Max said. As the man sunk his finger into the woman's pussy, Max put his finger inside me. It took everything I had not to make a noise. The man continued moving his finger in and out of her pussy while he put his other hand on her back.
"Be still," the man commanded, "I'll tell you when to cum." How would he know I wondered? Maybe she was his wife?
Max must have known I was losing focus because I felt his finger on my clit again. This time he kept it there. Circling and teasing my clit as it grew with need.
"Baby..." I whispered, wanting him to know I would cum soon if he didn't stop.
"Cum with her," Max said, "Wait for it."
Could I do that? I tried to focus on what the man was doing to her. He had added a finger so now two fingers were working her pussy. She was writhing beneath his hand pressed against her back.
"Wait for permission to cum," he said again, not slowing down his stroking. How could she stop it though?
"Sir, I..." she started. His hands left her body.
"Do you want to cum or not?" he asked sternly.
"Yes Sir," she said clearly, but I saw her body shaking. She was struggling to hold her orgasm back.
"Then you'll wait for my permission," he reminded her, "Understood?"
"Yes Sir," she said, her voice now trembling with need. The man replaced his hands and I saw the woman's breathing get more shallow. Her body was moving less. Either she was pissed at him for treating her like this or she was learning to control her orgasm. Since she had willingly come here and I had seen them whispering before, I assumed this was all part of the plan.
"She's waiting for him," Max whispered to me.
"Yes," I breathed as he continued stroking my wet clit.
"Can you wait?" Max asked me.
"I don't know," I whispered with clenched teeth, not taking my eyes off of the man. The way he worked her body so expertly was mesmerizing. He was in full control of her and yet, he did not seem scary in any way. I watched his fingers and imagined them on me. Oh I knew I wouldn't last much longer.
"Cum now," I heard the man tell the woman and I heard her cry out as she finally was able to release her orgasm. Max pressed down on my clit and I gasped as the first wave of my orgasm crashed, weakening my knees. My gasp must have been loud because the man turned to look at me. Our eyes locked. His eyes were soft as I saw a small smile on his lips. I licked my lips in response and my body shook with my orgasm even though I tried to control it. Max held me up as my orgasm slowed. The man tore his gaze from me and went back to finishing off his woman. I watched the man intently as I tried to keep still in Max's arms until I had regained control of my legs.
"Wow baby," Max said walking me over to the bar area. I felt unsteady walking, but Max's arm around me helped. Max was smiling ear to ear as he ordered us both a water.
"What?" I asked him.
"That was hotter than..." Max started as he took his first sip of water, "Than anything?" he finished.
"Yes?" I asked, sipping the water and willing my body to stop trembling.
"Yes," Max confirmed.
"I think another man just made me cum," I said, "And you're ok with that?"
"I made you cum baby," he said, "Those were my fingers working you." That was true.
"But when he said cum," I said, "I obeyed." I really did and it was a rush of excitement to be told to cum.
"It was so hot," Max said as I looked down at his pants to see he really did think so. He was hard and I smiled giving him a kiss. He liked it, but he also knew I would find a way to repay the favor...