Unloading the dishwasher Willa heard her cell ringing as it lay on the dining table next to the Kitchen. She stops her job and shuffles over to get it. Eying the caller she brightens up.
"Ashleigh!! Hi, Bestie."
The blond in the distance giggled, "Willa!! I miss you."
"Aww! You should be able to come over soon. Nick gave me the go ahead after we got back from the Naval Pier. So much fun by the way. Sailor sex is awesome."
"Seriously? Wow! I'm so nervous about being able to feel free like you do. I hope I can keep up."
"You'll be great. My friend Gus called you my Slut Sister when I mentioned you.'
"Who is Gus?" Ash wonders.
"I call him Papa Bear. I met him and a bunch of his friends at the beach. Played Volleyball. Fucked them. You know the drill." She fans herself.
"Gosh! Is Nick expecting me to do this kind of stuff too?"
Willa shrugs, "I'm not sure. I'm his inspiration for the character in his book "Sara". I don't think he has another female in it. At least not yet. Are you against joining me if he does want you to participate?"
She could hear the girl shiver by the tone in her voice, "I can't believe I'm saying this...I'm in. So in."
"Yay! I love you back by the way."
"Kiss me!" Ash retaliates playfully.
Smooching sounds were crossing the airwaves for three minutes straight. Then they laughed.
"Oh! Saturday. You need to be here. Nick's son Jesse is having a couple friends over for a Pool Party. He has no idea you even exist at this point. I want to surprise him. He's 18. His friends are also. Help me torture them?"
"Sounds fun. What else is new?" Ash enquired.
"Ohhh, yea! I was invited by Gus and his friends to a big Bonfire in Canyon Cove. You're invited to join me if you want to hang out."
"Canyon Cove. That's pretty secluded. Sheer cliffs on three sides."
Shocked, Willa expresses surprise, "You've been there?"
"Only once. Old boyfriend took me there. It's kind of the Lover's Lane of San Diego. He wasn't so special though. If you know what I mean."
"Not good in bed?" Willa winced.
"Not only that but he had a three inch dick. So underwhelming. Nice guy though. He got too possessive so I broke away."
"Maybe this time things will be bigger and better." Willa giggles, "I know some of my friends have gigantic cocks. You might run off screaming when they chase you."
"Who's running? Me from them or me at them?" Ash jests.
"I'm not running at all. I'm waiting on them to do their damage and I have to be airlifted out from being fucked too hard."
"Ouch. You must really like sex."
"Before I moved here I didn't really appreciate it much. Since working for Nick I can't get enough. Rewards of an Erotica Writer. It's just so liberating."
"I love passion. Sex is great but I also need to be made love too."
"I guess I don't know much about that really. I mean I love kissing but the sex usually gets crazy. There's never been much soft and slow. Probably better that way to avoid emotions."
While they chatted further Willa gets another incoming call. Looking to see who it was she was taken back.
"Hey Ash? Can we talk later? My Mom is calling. I haven't spoken to her since I left Chicago. It's going on 3 weeks now."
"Sure. Bye Bestie."
"Bye Slut Sister."
Willa switches over to answer her Mom.
"Mommy! Hi."
A soft voice returned with, "Did you forget I'm alive? We have been worried sick about you."
"I text you every three days. I'm doing great. Love the Nanny job. Nick and Claire are awesome."
Emily Pryce was riding her cardio bike in her basement while talking to her Daughter. Panting was noticed as she spoke.
"I miss you Sweetheart. So does Jordan. I'm calling for another reason as well."
"Oh? Anything wrong?"
"Not at all. Jordan has to fly out to San Diego in a few weeks to meet with a CEO. He suggested we drop in and see how well you really are."
Eyes brighten up, "Really? That would be really cool. You can meet Nick. Claire should be home too. Unless she gets called back out."
"Wonderful. I will let you know more as I know more."
"Awesome. I'll go tell Nick the good news. He should be about ready for lunch. He's upstairs writing on his book."
"I so adore his other books. Is he dashing in person?"
"Very. He's a good Father too."
"A remarkable trait. I'm so very proud of you, Willa."
Willa pauses a moment reflecting on the Information Nick mentioned concerning her birth Father. Should she discuss it with her Mother? After a moment of decision she evades the subject.
"Thanks Mommy. I love you."
"Likewise. See you soon my stunning Mini Me. Don't forget us."
"Never. Give Jordan my love."
The talk fades away leaving Willa to focus on Grace. She had left her in the Family Room with her Big Brother. The mess she made of her high chairs table became a priority. Mushed bananas were everywhere. The child would need a bath. Brother Jesse was supposed to be watching his sister. Instead he chose his video game.
"Seriously? You only had her for twenty minutes. Look at her."
"Blame it on the Curious Monkey. He liked bananas too." Jesse doesn't bother to look her way. His platoon was in a fire fight.
Groaning at his uncaring nature Willa stepped away to obtain a wet wash cloth and set about cleaning up Baby Grace. The Child became gently irritable in the process.
Opting to pick her up and dance Grace in her arms, Willa glares at Jesse. He was so absorbed in his game that he didn't even know they existed. Willa wasn't really mad but she felt like making him lose his game. Deciding on how best to get even with him she takes Grace and sits her next to him on the sofa. Jesse couldn't concentrate with Grace basically hip to hip with him.
Willa then moved over to the bear skin rug laying out in front of the stone fireplace. She stretched out on her stomach atop the rug in her tight white leggings. Her blue tank top barely containing her cleavage. From there she kicked her legs back and forth in front of Jesse. She was between he and the big screen TV mounted on a wall. Hands held her chin up while watching Jesse.
His eyes moved from his game to her. Back and forth. Back and forth.
"Stop distracting me." He grunts.
"I'm not doing anything. Let Grace play. Hand her the controller." She laughed.
"She's barely a year old. She doesn't even know what I'm doing."
"I don't even know what you're doing. The last time I was on this rug you wouldn't leave me alone." She antagonized.
"You told me to leave you alone. Besides, Dad told me to keep my hands to myself."
"He did? When? Since yesterday in my bedroom?"
"Yeah. Said if I didn't I couldn't have my friends over to swim. Sucks because I'm thinking you won't wear your bikini in front of my buddies."
"I never said I wouldn't. You do realize I have to listen to Nick's wishes too, right? If he lets me I'll wear it and torture the hell out of you guys. If not? I'll still say hi to them. No matter what I wear."
Grace begins to get fussy once again forcing Willa to roll off of the rug to crawl toward the sofa. On her knees in front of Grace she wiggles the baby's toes.
Jesse gets killed in his game because of Willa so close to him.
"Aw Man!"
Before Willa could laugh the Head of the Household stepped into the room. Nick Benson was fully dressed for once. In his shorts and tank top he was ready for a run.
"I'm going to the gym. Jesse? I need you to watch Grace. I'm taking Willa with me. Going grocery shopping afterwards."
Jesse falls over on the sofa's arm, "Why me?"
Nick rests his elbows on the back of the sofa," Man of the house while I'm gone. Keep her entertained."
Willa stands up, "Should I go change?"
He winks at her, "I expect you to sweat. You're going to work out today too."
"So, yes. Give me ten minutes." Willa sprints away and upstairs to her room.
Jesse was already sweating.
Reaching her room Willa discovers a note on her bed. Along side the parchment were suggested attire. She held up a pair of white boy shorts that were lacey and gently sheer. Her shirt a white tank that had been raised at the hemline, purposely cut with scissors to rise up to her chest. Changing into it she discovered the white T-shirt to hug her chest snugly. The lower definition of her breasts ever so slightly peeked through. Should she stretch at all she would expose herself to the world.
"Nick's been busy. Wonder what he has planned?"
Slipping out of her current pants she slips the boy shorts on. Second skin they were. Tight and offering her cheeks a chance to shine.
Reading the note she chose to wear a pair of white sweat pants over the boy shorts to conceal her hips. The shirt was removed until later. She decided upon wearing a regular grey T-shirt . Nick obviously wanted her to be as normal as possible until she left the house. For Jesse's sake.
Purse snatched up, shades atop her hair, cell in hand, Willa was ready to go.
Scurrying downstairs she met Nick in the garage. He had numerous rides within it's large confine. Six vehicles in all. Today, he chooses a White Range Rover.
As she climbs in the garage door rises. Sun was allowed inside for the briefest of moments. Once Nick drove out the door closed behind him. Through the iron front gates they traveled.
"So, is Nick taking me to the gym or is Dorian?" She adjusts her seatbelt for comfort.
"Inspiration. Thus Nick. However, I wish you to consider being Sara during the day."
She merely stares at him.
"You do realize I totally feel like I really am Sara, right?"
He winks at her. That was what he had hoped to hear.
"Dorian would be pleased."
"We both know that is what you want. I'm willing to comply. Full time Sara if required. Willa at home around Grace and Jesse. Sara around you."
"Perhaps. For now it is role play. When the time is right I will let you know."
"Okay. So what do you have in mind? This gym. Grocery shopping."
"Have you ever heard of "Muscle Beach"?"
"Yes. Isn't that in Los Angeles? Are we going there?"
"No. I'm afraid that is a bit far from home to leave Grace under Jesse's care. A trip like that would be better planned. Where we are going is the equivalent to L.A.'s version. The one you refer to is at "Venice Beach". Here in San D, it's smaller scale. I like to call it "Penis Beach"."
"Penis Beach?" She chuckles as he grins at her.
"Correct. Local bodybuilders committed a section of beach to be all their own. German immigrants mostly. It's owned by a gentleman named "Herman". I cannot even pronounce his last name. It took me forever to pronounce "Schwarzenegger". We just call him "Herman the German"."
"Funny." She giggles.
"He's in his 60's but his body is still in it's 20's. Anyway, there are a number of members there that don't know of me directly. Nor you. Today this will change."
"So, I get to tease Bodybuilder's? Guys that could break me in half with a twitch."
"Inspiration my dear. The lesson here is, "The Bigger they are, the harder they fall". Topple them, Sara."
"Make them fall for me? I can do that."
He merely smirks.
The drive was a good forty minutes in traffic. Scenic but rush hour ruined the sites. Once at the beach Nick parked in a lot dedicated to tourists.
"Wow! Lots of people around. Ooo! Bikini roller skating." She tilts her gaze to follow a lovely blond with tattoos gliding sensually along the sidewalk.
"You should try that sometime." He sighs.
"I love roller skating. It's good for the leg muscles. I'll need skates though. Mine are back home in Chicago. Which reminds me. My Mom called earlier. She and Jordan are coming out here in two weeks. Business mixed with pleasure. They miss me." She unbuckles turning sideways to face Nick, "Would it be alright if they dropped by to see how my life has changed?"
"Of course. Your family is welcome in my home. Maybe we can all go out for dinner. Claire should be home to greet them as well."
"I was hoping she might be. I want to get to know Claire better too."
He increases his grin, "My wife feels the same."
"Great. Thank you, Nick. My Mom's a big fan of your writing."
"Is she now? Well then. I must flirt."
Willa rolls her eyes, "That would be so hilarious. Seeing her squirm in front of Jordan. Don't worry about my Stepdad he will get a kick out of it."
"Open minded are they?"
"Probably not as much as you and Claire are. Truthfully I don't know. They joke around but not so much in front of me. I guess you test the waters."
"Topic for another day. For now let us begin the Inspiring."
Willa nods and removes her T-shirt. Switching to the cut off "T" she moves directly to her sweats. Lowering them until her bare feet escape the garment. She then puts her sandals back on.
"Ready when you are." She offers a beguiling display of ivory.
Nick Benson stepped from his vehicle and met her at the Rover's bumper. He had to look her over. Instant erection he spins her like a ballerina to admire her full beauty. The second his hand releases hers Willa stretches revealing her stunning breasts.
"Follow along." Nick wastes no further time.
The journey led across traffic then down a lengthy sidewalk. All around them were Joggers. Dog walkers. Surfers in ready. Skin was everywhere.
"Is this a nude beach?"
"Yes and No. Black's Beach is over there. Technically not a nude beach but people still get away with it. We're on the borderline."
"Is the gym here or there?"
"Again on the border. You can get away with it."
She shivered with excitement. So many beautiful people here. Guys were in speedos even. Luckily they were fit and appealing to the eye. She herself was the center of attention. Guys and women alike were eying her with smiles. Her exposed flesh meant the sharks were circling. She wouldn't have it any other way.
Following Nick became more difficult as her eyes were full of interesting proposals. Her nipples couldn't extend any further. Neither could her imagination.
"Keep up Sara." Nick stopped to reclaim her focus.
Increasing her stride Willa grits her teeth, "Sorry. So many distractions here. This place is Heaven."
"It is indeed. The gym is outdoors so you can still fuel your desires while entertaining others."
"Entertaining? Am I having sex too?"
He stops and turns to face her. His hand reaches up to lift her chin for an unwavering gaze.
"You had better."
"Yes Dorian." She swallows carefully. Her adrenalin pumping.
Without a smile this time he turns away and expects her to trail closely.
Willa does keep up better. In her pace she decides to lift her shirt up and off. Her nerves wanted to be on edge.
Tits bouncing with each wiggle her admirers grew in numbers. As she waves at more than a few she takes a huge risk. She hurls her T-shirt over Nick's head. It landed at his feet.
Halting he bends over and picks it up. Beyond her vision she never saw him smile. It was vivid. He instead chose to continue walking. Along his path there was a trash receptacle. The shirt was thrown away.
Willa grinned from ear to ear. Goosebumps became a rash over her entire body. Whistles were evident. Even from the lips of lifeguards walking their way. She fluttered her fingers at them in passing. Her soul soaring at the freedom they allowed.
Even though signs were posted prohibiting nudity, she was allowed to get away with it. Perhaps because she was every man's fantasy. Or was it Nick Benson that they knew enough to let her walk so scantily clad? She didn't truly care.
Bluffs were surrounding the beach on all sides the further they walked. Stone steps led down to the Beach as their journey left the upper entry to the surf.. She even heard the barks of Sea Lion's in the distance. Saw dogs running wild with their Master's. Hang gliders flew high above. Surfer's rode the waves which were not as healthy as usual. Still enough to enjoy though.
In the distance she spotted a large fenced in arena. Within were her targets.
Nick pulls her aside.
"See the guy with the grey crew cut? That's Herman. Walk over and introduce yourself. Tell him your name is Sara. That Dorian sent you."
"Yes, Sir. Then?"
He moves behind her as she trembles. His hands reach up and surround her throat from behind.
"My hands are Sara's collar. Obey Dorian. Harder they fall."
"I see women bodybuilders too." Willa softly chokes up.
"All Fall."
She feels his grip tighten. It makes her wet beyond measure.
As his fingers release, Willa shuffles through the sand kicking off her sandals like an obsessed warrior. Nick left them there and chose to watch her tiny little body wiggle along the way. As soon as she reached the chain link door which was opened she enters.
At first the dedication to their bodies came as priority. Then eyes began to admire.
Herman the German sat upon a weight bench wiping his brow after a lengthy workout. He observes her approach with a glint of anxiety. For some reason he had a sneaky suspicion who might be behind this. Regardless he remained in his seat.
Willa headed directly to him standing at his feet. With a bold move she straddles his bench between his legs. Facing him she smiles and places her palms on her upper thighs.
"Hi, Herman. I'm Sara. Dorian says hello."
Expressionless he narrows his gaze. He refuses to look at her body. Only her eyes. Her brilliantly sparkling eyes.
"Dorian you say?" Herman expels with a thick German accent. He spoke perfect English yet his native tongue remained evident.
"Yes. My Master. I was sent here to give you all a real workout."
He decides her zest was worthy of a chuckle.
Behind him were a pair of other Bodybuilders. Another German, "Heinrich" whom was a shorter man but with muscles that made him look rather crablike in appearance. The other, a taller black man named, "Ambrose". His eyes were dark and moody she thought. He was the least built but still could compete in any contest.
Huffing, Herman leers behind him, "Do you hear as she speaks? The girl wants to work out with us."
Ambrose adjusts the weights of his barbell, adding 20 pounds more per each end.
"I could lift her with my big toe."
Willa grins shyly, "Can I see that?"
He stops after pinning the weight for security before moving over to her right side.
Willa stands up and moves around to face him. She then looks down at his feet. He wore boots and socks.
"I don't see any toes. Are you lifting me in your boot or are you stripping like I am?"
He smirks and guides her to step up on to his boot. It became a balancing act for Willa as he lifts her a foot off the ground. Losing balance she grips his neckline and holds herself up. Ambrose lowers his gaze to observe her chest.
She giggles, "Want to lift my boobies next?"
The three men admire her cuteness factor. Finally, Herman stands up and grips her waist lowering her lithe body to the ground.
Turning in step she faces Herman. Her eyes staring up at him softly.
Heinrich moves in behind her nudging Ambrose aside. The shorter German grips her wrists and lifts her arms skyward. He was still taller than she was. Limply she allowed his maneuver without resistance. A second elapses until her weight is lifted once more. Dangling with her feet swaying about. He had literally swept her off of her feet.
"Look. I'm helpless." She giggles.
Herman reaches up and grips her jaw, "You are fearless?"
"Oh, I get scared. Makes me really horny though." She shivers.
"Dorian is near?" Herman grunts.
Willa looks beyond toward the ocean. Nick was no where in sight.
"No. I am on my own."
"Very good. A shame he will not be here to witness how we rough you up." Heinrich adds.
"Do your worst. I serve my Master by serving you." She makes it up as she goes along. She had read enough rough drafts that Nick had written to grasp the nature of the beasts.
Clanking noses fill the air as a pair of barbells return to their cradles. Heinrich carries her limply to face the noisy reception behind them. Willa notes two women who had almost to much sinew. Their shoulders and arms distorted by the muscle definition. Both women were barely taller than Willa herself. Within a 5'5 range.
Together they stand and journey over toward her.
"What have we here, Herman?"
"Dorian sends his slave. For all of us."
The woman questioning Herman had short sandy brown hair and brown eyes. In her soul Willa knew this woman was gay. The other woman as well. She had longer hair tied up into a ponytail.
"Look Gertrude. A gift."
The trailing female stepped closer, "The bow is still attached, Magda."
"Remove my bow if you want the whole package." Willa flares her eyes with a smile.
Magda puckers then steps in front of Gertrude. With eager fingers she pinches the inner lace of her boy shorts and guides them over her thighs and down over her pink toenails. A lengthy inhale of the panties makes Magda growl. She then passes them off to Gertrude for a shared experience.
Things were moving along faster than Willa predicted.
Magda kneels at Willa/Sara's feet. Still dangling from Heinrich's suspended grip. With an almost humorous sound of allure Magda crept in to sniff the real deal. Inhaling deeply the German woman exhaled across Willa's clitoral arena.
"I smell fear." Magda looks up at Willa.
"No. That would be Summer's Eve."
Behind her friend Gertrude laughs, "The girl has spirit. Perhaps we should break that spirit."
Magda rises to face Willa more intimately. Her face almost touching the girls. Nose to nose Magda licks Willa from lips to brow. The wet swath giving Willa a case of the giggles.
"Oh my God. Kiss me already." Willa puckers abruptly.
This led to a slap across the face. Willa silenced immediately.
"When I wish to kiss you I will. Do not rush me."
Her long hair billowing across her features Willa merely nods. She learned not to be the one in control. Her words were too demanding.
Magda huffs and moves along to squeeze the girls tits. Compressing the two mounds together Magda was allowed the option of sucking both of Willa's nipples at one time.
Willa moaned. Her gaze admiring the event with a creased brow.
"You must taste these Gertrude. They are young and delicious."
Gertrude advances to lean over Magda as she crouches enough to let her feed. Magda still held the breasts close together.
"How right you were. They are almost as tasty as yours Magda." Gertrude licks her lips after a lengthy taste.
The two women then stand up and share a kiss. Their tongues swirling in a tug of war battle.
Heinrich decides to lower Willa to the ground.
Shyly, Willa sampled the eyes of each man. They were definitely interested in this sexy young Goddess. Erections defied the trunks each of them wore to workout in. There was definitely no indication that steroids were ruining their manhood. She whimpered at the sight. It was evident none of them were lacking in size all around.
Muscles were muscles.
The women took lead and forced her along toward a bench. Facing it Magda disrobed before all of them. The sight almost made Willa ill. Too much body mass ruined this woman's attractiveness. Still it didn't matter. Looks weren't everything. Nude Magda flipped off the men for admiring her. She then straddled the bench.
Gertrude gruffly picked up Willa. Left hand on the back of her neck gripping hard. Right hand by her inner thighs. Willa was moved as if a sack of sugar.
Gripping her by the ankles Magda lowered Willa in to position over her face as she lay back. Willa's knees were over Magda's shoulders. A tongue immediately began devastating Willa's pussy. A look of fright crossed her face at the depth her tongue was burrowing.
Gertrude crouched in between Magda's mighty legs and gripped Willa by her hair.
"It is referred to as "69"."
Gertrude then forced Willa's face into Magda's hairy snatch. Willa was forced to feast. It wasn't so bad she thought.
Loud nasal cries escaped Willa as her pussy drenched the German Fraulein. Her orgasm swift and remarkable. This made Willa decide to dive in as hard as possible. Magda sensed the girls efforts and slapped Willa's ass.
"Deeper whore. Do not let your Master down." Magda huffed nuzzling the girls labia. Her exhales heating up her anus.
Before long Magda herself drowned poor Willa to the sound of crashing waves in the distance.
Gertrude again gripped Willa by the hair and pats her cheek. Magda tossed the girls body aside allowing Gertrude to reposition her to lay over Magda facing her. Magda's arms wrapping around Willa's back held her tightly chest to chest.
"Now you may kiss me." Magda adds.
Lips lock tasting the others juices. Their kissing long and feverish. While they were absorbed Gertrude stripped nude herself before stepping to her duffle bag, digging into it for a surprise to everyone. From her bag Gertrude removed a strap on dildo. Buckling it about her hips she chuckles at the Men wagging the rubber dildo. It was an easy nine inch molded beast. The men had to look away at the sight.
"Pussies." Gertrude hissed as she moved in for the kill.
Primed to fuck her girlfriend Magda first she entered with a forceful grunt. Her hips thrusting into Magda for a joyous reaction. Willa was held along for the ride. She wasn't certain who it was doing the fucking. Her hair concealed her peripheral vision. Not to mention Magda's palms gripping her by both cheeks.
After a long deep session Gertrude pulled her dildo out of Magda and moved up a few inches. She was now ready to attack Willa. Hips forced ready Gertrude penetrated Willa's pussy. The shock made the sexy Redhead whine loudly.
"Shit!" She would mutter continuously.
As her round finished the dildo reverted back into Magda. Back and forth Gertrude moved from woman to woman. Both of them had multiple orgasms.
Before anyone could step away "Heinrich" moved in behind Gertrude and bent her over while still inside Magda. He had dropped his trunks and prepared to join in. Lined up He sank his crown within Gertrude for a gruff round. Obviously Gertrude was Bi.
Willa merely lay there in Magda's charms feeling the weight of Gertrude on her spine. Her breasts rolling along Willa's back.
For ten minutes Heinrich fucked Gertrude until both detonated. She within. He outside. Coating all three women with his volcanic lotion.
Nudged aside Herman himself moved into Heinrich's place. Ignoring his mess he mounted Gertrude again. Except this time it was sporadic. He would fuck Gertrude then pull her back against him to unshackle her strap on. Pulling the dildo in a web of spew from Magda he casts it aside. Gertrude is pressed forward once more only lifted up to hover more on Willa. The body weight made Willa gasp.
Herman then lined up his prey.
Gertrude five thrusts.
Willa five thrusts.
Magda five thrusts.
Back and forth in procession.
In a maddening snarl Herman graces the trio in a bath of his own making. All three women offered their thanks in various emotional remarks. The King had spoken.
Finally, the group separates. Gertrude stretches and hugs Herman. Willa peels away from Magda after another kiss as a gift of departure. Magda smiled with her eyes.
Standing with difficulty Willa is caught from falling by Ambrose the Black Giant.
He eyes her and picks her up, pulling her into his chest. Her legs wrap about his Abductors. He turns and shuffles with her toward the chain link fence facing the Ocean. There were dozens of people walking near them. Ambrose just felt like giving the visitors a show.
It was rough on her back being pressed against the fence but Willa endured. He entered her pussy with a snug effort. Once inside he pounded her thighs hard. She held his deltoid with her left hand and clutched the fence with her right hand. Her echoes were heard against the maddening crash of the surf. She held on for dear life as Ambrose tore her up. Breathlessly she feels him pull out and lower her to the ground. He then forcefully turns her to face the fence to take her from behind. Her hands clenching the links of the fence for support.
Hair in her eyes she doesn't see much. Still she knew somebody was on the other side of the fence. Fingers wrap over her own within the links to get her attention. As her moans erupt loudly she lifts her head to see Nick Benson before her.
"Nick." She huffs as her next orgasm approached.
"Who?" He growls at her.
"Dorian." She manages between shrill whines.
"Who?"
"MASTER!" She bellows as her hair gets yanked back by Ambrose. She could see Nick better now.
"What is between us?" Nick asks.
"A fence."
"What is between us?" He again expects an answer.
She rolls her eyes back into her head at Ambrose, who destroys her G-spot.
"Chain's that link me to your leash?" She takes the chance.
"Very good, Sara." Nick offers a grim smile.
He holds her fingers firmly, "What do these people represent?"
Uncertain Willa feels Ambrose swat her ass cheek with a sting. She squeals as he does it again.
Finally, she takes another guess.
"They represent the loss of control I need to be your slave. Master."
"And?"
She looks at him with a haunted strain. Another slap on the ass makes her quake. She was losing her battle to keep her orgasm prisoner.
"AND?" Nick growls.
"The inner strength I need to have against your Outer strength?"
"AND?"
Lost suddenly she could only feel her ass raw and the sun beating down on her sweat drenched body. Her hair yanking her head further away from Nick.
Nick begins peeling her fingers from the chain links. Each freedom made her plead with her eyes.
"You are getting further away from your goal, Sara."
"Noooo!" She whines with exhaustion.
"What do these people represent?"
She fears losing her grip on reality. One hand was already peeled away from her restraint.
"I don't know Master."
Roughly he pulls her second hand free as Ambrose moves her from the fence. Releasing her hair Ambrose grips her throat from behind. He fucked her without wavering. He was relentless.
As he turned her to face the other Bodybuilders she watched Herman approach her. He grips her by the chin as she gurgles on her own saliva. A slap across the face hurt but didn't leave a mark. She fought off tears to prove she could handle herself. He then swats both breasts simultaneously. This made her blow the hair from her mouth and eyes.
"What do these people represent, Sara?" Nick calls out again for her to absorb.
Magda strolls closer dangling Willa's boy shorts as if a clue.
Wincing with a whimpered sniffle it dawns on Willa.
"They represent a gift. I represent a gift. I was a bow to be tied up until released to be opened. Bow! BOW! As in bow before those you allow to partake in your slave?"
"AND?"
Her mind reels as her soul screams for release. Her orgasm close enough. With a scream she gushes and falls limp. Held up only by Ambrose. Her feet not even touching the ground. She was held up by her throat and his mighty penis with her.
"My body is theirs? Their bodies a gift to me in return?" She barely recites.
"A slave wants only favor. No gift. No reward." Nick glares through the fence.
"Am I right?" She sighs breathlessly.
Ambrose lowers her after pulling out. His grip loosened about her throat he lets her drop to the planked floor. On her knees she bows. Her face nearly touching the wood.
Herman crouches down beside her and lifts her head by her hair.
"There is a weight lifted." He shares.
Magda and Gertrude crouch to her right and left.
"A gift yes." Gertrude utters.
Magda adds handing her the boy shorts, "The ties that bind you to he whom you serve."
Above Heinrich continues, "To be held in High Esteem, Your Master."
That just left Ambrose.
She looks up at him with respect.
The giant shrugs, "I just liked fucking you."
Everyone laughed accept Willa. She chose to bow toward the floor again.
She remained there as everyone stood up and walked away.
A shadow fell over her which she knew was Nick Benson.
"Let me be your shadow, Master." Willa whispers.
"That which casts aside in the sunlight?"
"A shadow that never leaves you."
"Your body is My Body, Sara. As if chained to me. The connection only severed by darkness."
"I await in the darkness until your return." She speaks.
"Rise. Get dressed."
She slowly stands up and pulls her boy shorts back on.
He admires her.
"You're getting sunburnt." Herman returns holding a T-shirt sponsoring his Gym.
Nick affirms her decision to wear it. Being a 5X in size she wore a dress down to her ankles.
Laughter led Willa to dance about fanning the shirt before a respectful curtsey.
Nick shook Herman's hand then walked toward the door in the fence line.
"You coming Shadow?"
Willa hurries to his side.
Even after locating her sandals the walk back to the car was grueling. Eyes still upon her from Admirers she lowered her gaze.
Nick looks back at her reactions. Then of those around her.
"Oh for Pete's sake. Take that silly dress off."
Her eyes brighten up and the shirt was discarded for all too witness. As harsh as the sun was. Concealing herself was harsher.
She walked only in her boy shorts and sandals all the way to the Range Rover.
The blond in the bikini wearing roller skates tools toward them on the parking lot asphalt. Willa smiles at her approach.
Stopping with a twirl she smiles at both Willa and Nick.
"Are you Nick Benson? The Erotica Author?" The blond fondles her curls.
"I am Indeed."
"Can I have an Autograph? Picture?"
"Certainly." He unlocks the passenger door and locates a pen from the glove box.
"No paper need." The blond bends over offering him access to her perfect ass in bright pink G-string Bikini bottoms. She hands Willa her cell to take a picture.
Nick chuckles as he poses to write his name on her ass. It made the girls day.
Once done Willa shows her the picture.
"Thank you. So much." The blond shivers with delight.
Nick eyes her skates then looks at Willa's feet.
"Can I buy your skates?' Nick grins.
The girl looks stunned then giggles, "Want my bikini too?" She had admired Willa's nudity.
"You can keep that. Just the skates." He emphasized.
"Sure. Let me take them off."
Sitting on the ground the girl removes the roller skates. Passing them off to Nick he hands her $200. Her eyes bulged, "They only cost me $75."
"Worth every penny my Dear. You as well as your skates."
"Wow! I'm honored."
Nick turns to Willa, "One gift deserves another. Offer her your sandals."
Willa instantly slips them off and hands them over.
Accepting them graciously to avoid walking barefoot on the scalding hot concrete the blond puts them on. Standing she wonders why the purchase.
"For another adventure. Thank you for accepting my offer." Nick kisses the blonds hand.
"Any time. I'm Sierra. Can I say something?"
Nick takes time to listen.
"She's gorgeous."
Willa blushes faintly.
"That she is. The inspiration for my newest book. This is Sara."
"Hi. Can I be an inspiration for a book?" Sierra giggles.
Nick puckers, "Perhaps. Sierra--" He silently prods her to finish her name.
"Oh, "Sierra Van Zant". Like the Singer of "Lynyrd Skynyrd" . No relation. I wish."
"When I'm ready I'll find you Miss Van Zant. Sierra."
Willa feels jealousy all of a sudden. Keeping it to herself.
Motioning Willa into the car with her gift she obeys.
Nick then turns Sierra to eye his autograph.
"Such a lovely signature I must say."
"I'm going to have it tattooed as soon as I get home. I hope you don't mind. I want to remember this day forever."
He risks patting his signature. Her ass was tight and well rounded.
"Goodbye. Keep her warm." He talks to the autograph playfully. She could only giggle.
Fanning her face she felt faint.
Nick winked and got into his vehicle. In minutes a wave goodbye left Sierra in her new sandals.
Halfway home Willa decides to talk.
"I thought a slave didn't deserve gifts or rewards."
Nick grimaces, "These skates are for Willa. Not Sara."
"Aren't I one and the same?"
Nick winks, "Inspiration."
Willa wondered.
"What am I wearing when we go grocery shopping?"
"Hmmm! Food for thought."
She wore her clothing from the back seat.
The food would be worn in private.
Whipped crème and strawberries sounded good to Nick Benson.
So did "Sierra van Zant".