The Bar
After our recent adventure in the lorry park (read our first story) Louise was extremely horny as she remembered bits of the afternoon where she had been gangbanged by over a dozen truckers. We had toyed with arranging a group in a hotel but were still busy with sorting the house out after 8 months of building an extension, so had not got round to anything yet. However, we both needed a night out and with the build going on we had not been out for months; both to save money and because we were both tired.
So as Friday rolled round we decided we should make the effort and at least get out and go for a drink, it would be nice to dress up and have a good night, so I suggested we go to a live music bar in town which usually had some good bands playing. At 9pm we decided to head out, Louise was feeling horny, and I had to restrain myself from pinning her down and fucking here then and there when she appeared at the top of the stairs.
She had chosen to wear a very short silver skirt that was only an inch or two below her pussy, a very sheer black thong barely covering her shaved pussy was also visible as I looked up the stairs. Through the sheer material I could clearly see her metal VCH piercing as she flashed me from the top of the stairs. The top she had selected would cause a riot in daylight but at night she would just turn heads as it was a sleeveless sheer blouse through which her nipples clearly poked and she wore no bra, from the side about a third of her breasts were visible. Since it was still a bit cold, she was also wearing a pair of open crotch stockings and to finish it off she had a silver ankle chain on her left ankle just above her Agent Provocateur heels, some might recognize the ankle chains significance, some might not, either way she looked stunning.
I brought the car round and we headed into town, I managed to keep on the road most of the way whilst checking out her legs and enjoying glimpses of her thong as her skirt rode up her thighs. The bar was a good ten minutes' walk from the nearest car park so I suggested I drop her off at the bar and then park up and join her shortly afterwards, this would save her killing herself in her heels having not worn any for months and it would also be interesting to see if she was approached whilst I was not there, as men always behaved differently when they thought she was available.
As we approached the bar, I could hear the music from inside the car, it was loud rock music and looked like the bar was very busy so should be fun. I reached over gave Louise a quick kiss, "I will be about 10 -- 15 mins getting parked, you sure you will be ok?", "yes fine" she replied. "Call me if you need anything, i will see you shortly", she blew me a kiss and climbed out, shut the door, and walked in the entrance. I noted the two bouncers eyeing her up as I pulled away and went to find a spot to park.
After driving through the main carpark twice, which was full, I finally found a spot and parked up, it had been nearly 15 mins since I had dropped Louise off and was going to take me another 10 mins to get back to the bar. So, I thought I better just message Louise and let her know I was on my way, as I pulled out my phone, I saw a new message. "See you soon, no rush, I have already attracted some attention, you may want to observe before you come over". Interesting and cryptic I thought. I was not surprised; dressed like she was and as hot as she was, that Louise had attracted attention so quickly.
Ten minutes later I was back at the bar and walking in, squeezing through a rammed entrance, I planned to order a drink and then see if I could spot Louise, the bar had about 200 people in it and was packed. I got a beer and then started casually looking around as I leaned against a small section of wall that allowed me a line of sight across the bar and up towards the stage where the band were starting another song. To my left and not far from the dance floor was a series of booths against the wall where small groups were chatting and drinking, next to these were a series of cocktail tables with bar stools and as I looked across these, I spotted Louise. Her blonde hair in contrast to the 3 men standing around her who all had grey hair and looked to be in their mid-50's and in good shape, 2 were flanking her to one side and one was on the other and appeared to have a hand on her back.
Clearly, they had come for the music and were rock fans as wearing various bands tour shirts, all looked rugged and whilst one had a dark grey beard the other two had heavy stubble. No wonder Louise had told me not to rush, these were just her type, rough rugged and heavily muscled with a selection of tattoos across their arms. I decided to watch where this went for a while before approaching the group.
The band announced they were taking 5 mins break and would be back shortly. As I watched, Louise got up and headed to the ladies, I decided to give her a quick call, turning into the wall so I could be heard over the background noise I gave Louise a quick call. "How's it going?" I asked, "very well I have 3 new friends as soon as I was at the bar, they started chatting me up, one of them is very hands on", "is that the single guy on your left?". "Yes, he is called Mike, how did you know?". "I was watching, and he seemed pretty hands on, so do you want me to come over yet?", "No let's see how far they go, do you mind if they touch me?", "Not if your happy, just run you hand through your hair if you want me to come over, so I know you're ok".
"Ok, but why don't you try and move closer so you can see what they do?". Ok I shall. With that we both rang off; I eyed a better spot to observe Louise from. I found that with the bar so busy I could stand close to the cocktail table and watch what happened whilst pretending to be watching the band play. I settled into my slot and nursed my beer as Louise reappeared and ignoring me though clearly having seen me squeezed back through the group and up onto the bar stool. With the 3 men standing either side of her.
I could immediately see Louise's skirt ride up as she climbed onto the stool, she made no attempt to pull her skirt back down and her thong was now clearly visible to anyone close to the table. Mike had not missed a beat and his hand was soon stroking Louise's thigh. I watched amused and turned on as his hand moved up her thigh, Louise was clearly enjoying the attention as the guys flirted with her and she flirted back touching their arms and laughing. It appeared the 3 guys were working as a team on Louise and whilst Mike had clearly initiated contact, they were all now taking turns with stroking Louise and increasingly become more brazen.
Knowing my wife; I knew she would be very wet by now with all the attention and the fact strangers were so openly touching her, as I watched I saw the men gently pull her legs wider, Louise offered no resistance and I could now see Mike openly stroking the gusset of her pussy, whilst running his fingers up her slit across the thin material of her thong. Mike suddenly looked up and laughed at the other two guys, it appeared he had just discovered her piercing. Louise laughed and was clearly telling him something as she leaned in close.
Just at that moment the band struck up a cover of one of Louise favourite songs by Bon Jovi, she looked up as she recognised it and moved to go to the dancefloor, Mike stayed at the table, whilst the other two men moved with her to the dance floor. I could see them both better now as they headed to the dancefloor both were very heavily tattooed and tall and keen to dance with Louise, if it had not been for her heels, they would have been a foot tallerthan her. The floor was crowded but they got onto the edge, everyone was very close as the music pumped out and couples were openly kissing and grinding into each other. The two men where now sandwiching Louise and openly touching her, the older of the two was behind her and holding her hips as she swayed to the music.
As I watched them, his hands slipped under her skirt and he appeared to be trying to grab something, I then realised what he was doing, as he pushed his hands down and Louise thong was pulled down over her thighs and briefly became visible before it slid down the floor and hit the dancefloor. The guy in front of her swiftly crouched down to pick up her thong as she stepped out of it. The two men grinned at each other as Louise continued to dance taking turns to tease them both as they sandwiched her between the bodies and ground their large erections into her. As the song came to end Louise turned to head back to the table and catching my eye flicked a hand through her hair.
At her signal I headed towards the table, Mike looked up at me as I approached, with an aggressive look, this changed to one of annoyance as Louise joined the table and she grinned at me and said, "good of you to join us, guys this is my husband John". "Sorry super late, nightmare traffic and then parking, have you been having fun?". "Yes, this is Mike, this is Steve, and this is Rob they are with the band, they are roadies and have been looking after me". I am sure they have I thought. It was now 1130pm. "So, are we moving on then to another bar as it looks like the band will be stopping soon?" I asked. The guys clearly did not want to lose the chance to play further with Louise, so I was waiting for the response.
"How about you join us for a few drink in the back, the bar will be shut soon, and I can introduce you to the band and James the lead singer and guitarist if you like". Louise looked at me, I nodded. "We would love to" she said. The bar cleared quickly as revellers headed home or onto further clubs, we headed down a corridor to a large room with half a dozen worn sofas placed around the walls and a pool table on one side with a pole on a small stage on other side. This was clearly a wind down room with a difference, Mike saw Louise checking out the pole, "it been there since this used to be a lap dancing club it's a hangover from then; I don't guess it sees much action these days".
As the band finished wrapping up, they slowly moved into the back room, there were 5 guys in the band plus another 3 who apparently did the lighting and sound. As they arrived Mike introduced the lead singer a tall man in his early fifties to us, this is James. He was about 6ft 3, with very strong looking arms, again heavily tattooed with what appeared to be a lot of tribal designs emerging from a large T shirt with a broad chest and wide neck, with short, cropped hair and very large hands, Louise was in her element. There were now 11 guys plus Louise and I and no other women, the testosterone in the room was palpable and all eyes were on Louise. The music was cranked up and post set beers were being handed round.
Mike turned to me handing me a beer, "So John, Louise has been teasing us all night with her outfit and moves, how about she dances for the band, it's been awhile since we saw such a hot woman and one that clearly likes to play, that is what her anklet denotes isn't it?". I nodded, but before I had a chance to fully answer, Mike added "It would be nice to show James and the guys a little appreciation for tonight's set". I could see where this would head fast, I turned to Louise, "well how about a dance for the guys?". Louise clearly wanted to tease them some more, "if you can beat me at pool, I will dance for you" she replied.
"Fine we are up for that" James responded grinning, "Steve can play you; he is handy with a cue", we will even let you break. Louise moved to the pool table and taking a cue bent over, the talking hushed as 11 pairs of eyes watched Louise bend over, her long legs accentuated by her heels leading up to her skirt as it rode up over the base of her bottom revealing the open crotch stockings and her shaved pussy. Her piercing glinted back at the guys as she parted her legs and pushed her bottom up to get a better position for her shot, knowing full well the group of guys had a clear view of her pussy. The game went back and forth as Steve appeared to deliberately place a few shots to force Louise into leaning even further over the table to take her shots. But the band clearly were getting restless as they moved closer around the table and Louise was clearly getting very turned on as every time, she stood up her nipples were poking through her sheer top, and she was actively pushing her bottom out more for each of the shots.
Steve had decided it was time to close out, he lined up a final shot and sunk the black, Louise turned to face the group with a wicked look in her eyes. "Time to pay up I guess" James reached for her slender arm and took her slim wrist in his huge hand and led her towards the stage. Louise could see the group were now incredibly turned on and on the verge of eating her alive as all were clearly sporting large bulges as several moved uncomfortably whilst others unashamedly rubbed their crotches.
The music was turned up and a raunchy track selected, Louise tossed her head as she grabbed the pole and began to dance. The men moved around the stage and watched hungrily as Louise began to expose herself further squatting down on her heels and opening her legs giving a clear view of her pierced pussy, which was very obviously now soaking wet, she gyrated around the pole and rubbed herself up against it, her sheer blouse moving up her body as it stuck to the pole. The men were getting restless, someone shouted strip, the cry was soon picked up and the men were all urging Louise to Strip, Louise eased back from the pole and slowly eased her blouse up over her breasts and over her head throwing the blouse behind her, a cheer went up as she dropped onto her knees and the shout continued "Strip, Strip". Louise ran her hands up her stocking clad legs towards her pussy as she arched her back causing the skirt to ride further up her hips, she deftly slipped her hands behind her and unzipped the skirt. In one movement she stood back up and her skirt slid straight down her legs leaving her only in her crotchless stocking, high heels, and anklet.
James had seen enough, "how about you come and dance over here" he shouted over the music, Louise without missing a beat stepped off the stage and moved towards James who was now sitting on a sofa, Louise turned to wiggle her bottom in front of him, he reached up and grabbed her hips pulling her roughly down onto his lap. A cheer went up, "enough teasing ", he said as he turned her in his arms and kissed her deeply, Louise opened her mouth and accepted his tongue, as he kissed her, he roughly mauled at her breasts. Her nipples were now rock hard from the rough treatment, as he rolled and pulled on them between his strong fingers.
The group were now starting to openly wank at the sight before them with cocks being pulled put and stroked as James continued to play with Louise, spreading her legs wide as he kissed her exposing her cunt to the group. It was clear she was soaking wet. James clearly wanted her now as a large erection was pushing against his jeans, he slipped Louise off his lap and in one motion stood up pulling Louise with him to the pool table, without asking he pushed her face down over the edge of the table. "Open your legs", Louise obeyed spreading her legs wide for him, James unbuckled his belt, released his zipper, and pulled out a large thick very hard and angry looking cock.
Clearly, he was worked up as there was no foreplay, he rubbed the head of his cock between her lips coating his cock in her juices, Louise was pushing back and clearly eager to be fucked, he then guided his cock to her hole and pushed forward in one swift movement and began roughly fucking her. It crossed my mind to suggest we stop and get some condoms but then I realised there was little to no chance of anyone agreeing and Louise clearly wanted to be fucked bareback so I continued to watch and enjoy the spectacle.
The group were also watching intently as Louise was fucked by James, he held her down with his large hands holding her arms behind her back, forcing her breasts into the felt of the pool table and continued to fuck her, James clearly was not interested in pacing himself as he plunged into her deeper and deeper until his balls were slapping against her piercing. Louise was openly moaning as she enjoyed his cock being rammed into her cunt and she appeared to enjoy the friction of the felt on her nipples as she was moved back and forth with his fucking. After several minutes of his now hard fucking James grunted and pushed his cock inside her even further, stretching her labia as they could clearly be seen tightly gripping his cock. He increased his pace and pulling her arms back emptied his balls into her, thick streams of cum filled her pussy as he came inside her.
As James's cock wilted, he pulled out of her leaving a trail of his cum leaking from her now swollen and dripping pussy, turning to the guys he said, "she is tight lads, enjoy". Mike the older of the original 3 guys who had been chatting her up at the start of the evening now stepped forward, he clearly had other ideas than the pool table. He turned Louise round and led her back to the sofas. Pulling the base of the sofa out it was apparent the sofa was a sofa bed. Once the bed was folded out Louise was lifted by 4 of the men onto the bed and placed on all fours, hands came in from everywhere to grope her. Louise felt hands touching her entire body, the group were very aroused now and just wanted her, fingers were roughly pushed into her cunt and probed her, enjoying her wetness and the smell of sex, spreading her lips for the other guys to see her wetness and show off how hot and depraved she was. She felt her nipples being tugged which caused them to engorge even further as they responded to the rough treatment as her tits were mauled by multiple hands and her bottom squeezed repeatedly.
Mike moved forward "orderly queue lads" he shuffled forward and unzipping his jeans knelt by her head, unzipping his jeans he pulled out his cock and pushed it towards her mouth. Louise opened and took him inside, swirling her tongue over his thick cock. As she started to get into a rhythm, she felt a pair of rough denim jeans against her thighs and then the heat of a hard erection as it was rubbed over her pussy before entering her. The fucking began and she had to brace herself with her arms as the man behind her fucked her hard, stretching out her pussy with his girth, he was very thick and took several minutes just working his cock up inside her. She had to concentrate on sucking Mikes cock as she was pushed forward repeatedly by the man behind her who was stuffing more and more of his cock into her.
Mike pulled out of her mouth he was about to cum and clearly wanted her pussy to take his cum, Louise felt the man behind her building his pace, as she felt him get even harder, she could feel her own orgasm building. Just as she was about to cum, she felt her head lifted and a rough pair of tattooed hands held her hair and her head up, a new cock was now thrust into her mouth. As she started sucking the latest stranger the man behind her grunted, and with a final thrust came hard inside her, filling her with her 2nd load of the evening. The man in her mouth was clearly eager to use her mouth so started fucking her roughly pushing his cock deeper into her throat, she held her breath and concentrated on making him cum as she worked her tongue along the underside of his cock, after a few minutes of this she felt him grip her head and pump into her mouth as spurt after spurt of cum filled her mouth and throat. She gulped in air as he withdrew from her, another happy band member. Looking to her side she could see John along with about 8 other guys wanking and waiting their turn to use her, their hard cocks eager to fill her holes.
Fuck she thought; no one was using a condom, she was playing with fire as not on the pill, but her desire for cum was too great she wanted these men to use her and fill her with their cum, besides she already had the loads of 2 men in her pussy. The man behind her was now spent from fucking her and eased out of her as his cock went limp, she had been close to cumming herself and now wanted more to try and recover her orgasm. Mike now lay down on the bed and told her to climb on top of him, looking down she spread her legs either side of him, lowered her hips and guided his cockhead into her slippery pussy, rocking back she eased his cock inside her, her own juices and the cum leaking out of her aided his cock through her entrance as he slipped into her.
He pulled her down towards him and kissed her deeply, she felt a weight behind her, a man had positioned himself behind her, fuck was she going be fucked by two cocks in her pussy again like the truckers had by the roadside? She had enjoyed it; but those guys were smaller than Mike. She needn't have worried as another erection pressed against her she felt its owner smearing her juices and the cum over her asshole, it was clear what he wanted. He probed 1 then 2 fingers into her. She relaxed as Mikes cock started to swell inside her as he kissed her and held her. The man behind her now started to ease his cock head into her asshole, rocking her hips he slowly inched into her ass, after a minute of his persistent pressure he slipped into her fully. She was stuffed and felt like a complete slut, but the two men were only just getting started, they began to slowly work in unison fucking her holes, she relaxed and started to ride the sensation that were building in her, Mike stopped kissing her and Louise looked over her shoulder it was Steve fucking her ass.
The two old roadies in the bar were now fucking her hard, she was sandwiched between the two muscled men as they used her body for their own pleasure treating her like a piece of meat, clearly their goal from the outset. Not to be left out Rob stepped forward, having flirted with her all evening he clearly did not want to wait any longer to fuck her, looking up at him, he guided his cock into her mouth. She was airtight, a cheer went up from the guys as the three guys used her holes. After about 5 mins it was clear they were not going to last much longer, Mike and Steve increased their pace, she felt like they were going to tear her apart, her orgasm building as she felt them both harden and the cocks swelled further, then with a roar Mike pulsed inside her shooting thick spurts of cum inside of her, setting off waves of pleasure inside of her pussy. Her orgasm hit her just as Steve also came, he gripped her hips tightly as he buried his cock in her ass to the hilt and shot his cum deep inside her ass, he continued thrusting as the last streams of cum filled her ass.
Rob was clearly turned on as he saw Louise being used so brutally by his mates, "Tongue" he ordered, Louise pushed out her tongue as he took his cock from her mouth and wanked onto her tongue whilst looking into her eyes. She pushed her tongue across his cock head as he wanked it hard into her mouth wiping the head all over her tongue. With a number of expletives, he unleashed thick spurts into her mouth and across her face, "you fucking slut swallow it all". Louise felt debased but so horny, collecting the streams of cum that had streaked across her face with her fingers, she collected them and licked her fingers clean, before licking her lips to show she had eaten all of his cum.
Louise realised there were still a lot of guys to satisfy, and she wanted more cock, as Mike, Steve and Rob slipped out of her she turned over onto her back, three guys immediately came around her, her legs were pulled apart exposing her cunt for them all to see. Her piercing glinting with the combination of her juice and the cum leaking out of her. She then heard James's voice behind the group "let old Ron have a go at her, he hasn't had any pussy for a while, and I reckon she can take him"
A fatter older man who up to this point had been virtually invisible within the group as he was nothing to look at, stepped forward, he looked to be in his late 60's was short and bald with gnarled hands, Louise should be reviled but her kinkier side was turning her on by letting this ugly old man fuck her she would show how slutty she really was.
He had a large leather belt holding up his old trousers which appeared to at least have a promising bulge, as Louise watched he eased his belt apart and his gut dropped, Christ he was out of shape. There was a surprise though, below his belly hung a huge cock, fuck he looked like a horse, she felt her arousal overcoming any repulsion as he released his cock. Looking at her as she marvelled at the size of his cock he said, "Spread yourself open and finger yourself slut, it gets bigger". Louise obeyed as he stroked his cock to full size whilst watching her spread her lips for him and stroke her already aroused clit, it was hard to hold her pussy lips apart as there was now so much cum leaking from her it was incredibly slippery, but she managed as he ogled her spreading herself, showing her most intimate pink inner lips to this dirty old man as the remainder of the group continued to wank, all wondering if she would be able to take his cock
She watched fascinated as his cock grew until it looked like a small arm, he reached down and slowly guided the head of his cock to her pussy, he started to slowly wank his cock onto her entrance. "hold her still and get a cushion under her hips" he instructed the watching men. Four men now knelt on the bed, pulling her legs apart and holding her arms out to each side. She was completely spread eagled as a cushion was pushed under her hips raising her bottom off the bed and presenting her pussy at the ideal height for Ron to enter her.
Having now worked his cock up to full size he clearly had confidence among the group as he was bigger than anyone that night or in fact Louise had ever seen. Ron stood up pushed his trousers and old underwear fully down his legs and removed the belt from his trousers. Climbing over her he looped the leather belt around her neck and pulled it tight before trailing it between her breasts leaving the end just above her pussy. He then shuffled forward and began to rub the engorged head of his cock up and down her slit, as he worked the head back and forth covering his whole cock head in her juices and the cum from her previous lovers that was continuing to dribble out of her cunt.
The sensation relaxed Louise and turned her on, she felt herself becoming increasingly aroused at what this old man with his giant cock was doing to her, the pressure of his cock was immense on her entrance and each sweep across her slit was stimulating her clitoris. He had clearly judged she was ready for him as he told the men to "hold her open and keep her still". He increased the pressure on her entrance, and he slowly edged inside her pussy which she felt opening for him as she stretched wider to accommodate him.
He felt huge and Louise wanted to slow down so tried to squirm away from him, the men held her in place and seeing her try to move he took one hand of her hips and picked up the trailing end of the thick leather belt wrapped it around his left hand a couple of times and pulled her back. "you're not going anywhere slut; we are just getting started" he laughed. Gripping the belt which held her neck tightly and with the man pinning her arms and legs apart she was at his mercy. Ron now had lost any patience with working slowly; he began to thrust more aggressively into her, her pussy so normally tight was now being thoroughly opened up, he continued to fuck her as inch after inch of his abnormal cock disappeared inside her willing pussy.
Louise felt like she would pass out with pleasure as she started to cum hard with wave after wave hitting her as his cock rubbed her G spot in ways she had never felt, her cunt was now responding and opening for him, allowing him to thrust even deeper inside of her. The men continued to pull her legs apart as Ron was nearly balls deep inside her now, he started to increase his pace and was now breathing hard as clearly not used to such strenuous fucking. Louise felt him pulse inside of her and then she heard him growl as he started to cum and unleashed torrents of cum inside her already soaked pussy. He seemed to pump and spurt inside of her for a minute or more, then with a large sucking sound he withdrew his cock from her, a thick stream of his cum followed his cock and soaked the inside of her thighs and as it flowed out of her pussy.
Coming out of her post orgasmic daze Louise felt herself being turned over once more onto all fours, the cushion remained under her whist another was added to it, raising her bottom into the air. "Fuck Ron you have totally loosened her up, the rest of us wont feel anything" she heard one of the group comment. "Fuck her with a bottle she will grip that and be right for you lads" Ron responded. Louise could see nothing as she continued to be held in place, but she felt the cool hard edge of a beer bottle being inserted into her cunt, she was so turned on at this extra level of kink in front of these men that she felt her arousal raising once more. The men were clearly using her as plaything now to be teased and abused for their entertainment, they started to fuck her with the bottle, a towel was brought forward as she felt her pussy being wiped down as they cleaned up the huge quantities of cum that was still leaking from her as they eased the bottle in and out of her.
The bottle was used to fuck her to orgasm twice, she then felt herself starting to really grip its neck, at this point she felt a man behind her, soon the cool bottle had been replaced by another hard cock, she could just about feel it and welcomed its heat after the cool bottle. She knew they were now just using her as they had been waiting and watching all the other more senior members of the band use her first. She felt like a cheap whore and she loved it, the remaining 5 men took turns with her before coming hard inside her, the last of the men decided he could not cum as she was just too wet; so he eased himself into her ass and began fucking her roughly before unloading deep inside of her.
Once they had finished the group moved back to playing pool and drinking, Louise had now been fucked by 11 different men with 9 loads of cum in her pussy and two in her ass. I turned her over and picking up her skirt and blouse handed them to her. "Are you ok?" I asked, in a sleepy daze she responded, "that was amazing thank you". "Right, we need to head home".
"You two off then?" James asked as he spotted Louise getting dressed. "Yes, thanks that was a very fun night" I replied. "Well thanks to you and of course for Louise for entertaining the guys so well, safe journey home". With that James returned to the group and we found our way out of the pub. Louise became more aware as we walked the ten minutes back to the car and her nipples poked through her thin blouse now from the cool night air and not from sheer arousal. As we got home it was time to reclaim her, I helped her out of the car and lead her upstairs, she smelt of cum and sex and looked incredible. I pushed her back onto the bed, hitching her skirt up around her waist she spread her legs, her pussy was covered in cum still and it was obvious she had been gang banged, her pussy lips large and enflamed, her entrance was dribbling the combined cum from the group.
I unzipped my jeans pulled my cock out rubbed the head in the cum leaking from before placing my head at her entrance and sinking into her, there was no resistance. Gripping her ankles I pulled them up over my shoulders and began to fuck her deeply, her cunt squelching around my cock as more cum was expelled from her cunt as I fucked her. After several minutes her moaning started as she wanted one last load of cum in her pussy, gripping her legs together to tighten her cunt I fucked her harder, my orgasm building with each stroke I looked into her eyes "you fucking dirty slut, you let a group of strangers fuck you bareback again" I roared as I came hard inside her, spurting one last load of cum to join the copious amount inside of her. She smiled "yes and we both loved it". I grinned and eased out of her; it had been a good night out.