Nick had been looking forwards to tonight for months. He had been flirting with Anna at work since summer and it had only been getting hotter and hotter. Due to their work and a few other things they hadn't really taken the next step at all but he knew she liked him. She had read his stories, she had laughed when he teased her as well as pretending to be exasperated and grumpy with him but he saw through all that. He knew what was going on in her head - she tried to hide who she was but their frequent conversations had given him a clear insight into how she thought and what she thought of him. For his part he had made no secret of how amazing he thought she was.
She had been asking for the last few weeks if he was going to staff party and he had pretended to be unsure and even if he did go he might leave early or not drink. She playfully pouted each time and the last time just before the party she had promised to wear the skirt and top she knew he loved. He pretended to be persuaded (he'd decided weeks ago that he was going to go as he couldn't miss out on a night out with her).
The last day at work seemed to go on forever and Nick couldn't get her smile out of his head. She was stunning and he couldn't wait to see her tonight. He couldn't help but wonder what might happen tonight. All the flirting and secret touches and teasing in school felt like it had been leading up to something and tonight felt like it might be it. Most of the people there tonight they all liked - there were only a few of the clique but he was sure the rumour mill already had the two of them together but they just found that amusing.
He dressed - dark jeans, a Christmas t-shirt he knew she'd find amusing and a jacket over the top and set off into town - he'd asked her to save him a seat as he might be a few minutes late after getting everything sorted. It wasn't far to walk into town and before long he arrived at the restaurant and smiled as he saw her. Her long dark hair, just past her shoulders was wavy and down and looked amazing. She turned in her chair to smile at him and his breath caught in his throat as he saw her dark beautiful eyes and they curve of her smiling lips. She was wearing the black top that unzipped almost down to her naval and the short black skirt with nude tights and heels. And she looked amazing.
He put his jacket over the back of the chair and slipped in next to her, his hand drifting as he sat down to squeeze her thigh, the movement disguised by his sitting down.
"You look amazing Anna! Thanks for saving me a seat."
The next couple of hours were a pleasure - one he hadn't felt in a while - he was relaxed, enjoying the company of the people around him. He continued to flirt with Anna and teasing her until she blushed - he was a bit more daring than normal and felt relaxed being more of himself for a change and the laughter, drinks and company meant that everyone was enjoying the party. Eventually the meal ended and people went their own ways. A group headed into town to find some bars. Anna and a few of her friends were in the centre of the group and Nick got on well with them all. He was amused to note that the two from the usual clique at work were suddenly the ones on the outside of the social groups looking in and didn't seem to know what to do - they did keep watching him and Anna and messaging on their phone which he found amusing.
They arrived at the first bar and Anna went straight for the shots whilst he got her a rink - they were soon sat down and laughing again discussing Christmas plans, other odds and ends and things that had happened recently at work whilst laughing. As was usual with Anna and her friends things turned quite teasingly sexual and they were all teasing each other, grabbing things that Nick was sure he would be in trouble if he grabbed. The group of them off together for a few minutes and left him sat sipping his drink and chatting to a few others. As they came back he noticed the mischievous twinkle in Anna's eye and was particularly surprised when she sat down on his lap. He was very aware of how hard his cock was and was sure he must look slightly shocked as she wiggled her ass against it.
"The others have noticed the clique watching us and figured it would be fun to give the rumour mill more to talk about."
Nick laughed out loud and enjoyed the warmth of her body against him - fuck there was a lot he wanted to do with this gorgeous woman. Over the next few hours he found himself pressed against her a lot - at the bar, in the corners of tables where they squashed in because it was busy. He was aware that on more than one occasion the tips of her fingers had 'accidentally' brushed over his incredibly hard cock under the table on some pretence of shifting position and his own hands had been getting more daring touching and teasing her skin.
The night was getting late now and more people were drifting away. He had slowed down a while ago and for the last hour been on soft drinks so he was fairly clear headed as he didn't really get drunk properly anymore anyway. Anna seemed to be in a much better state than usual as she had paced herself and not had quite as many shots as usual. It got to kicking out time at the last pub they were in and Anna announced that she was going to walk home. This earned her several glares from her friends - it was not the sort of time or night to be walking home on your own. Nick smiled - "I'll walk her home - I'm pretty much in the same direction so I'll make sure she gets home safe." He didn't miss the mischievous look in her eyes as he announced this to the group - he also didn't miss the wondering look in one of her friend's eyes.
They poured the too drunk ones into taxis and then set off walking. He offered her an arm as he knew the heels she had on had been killing her feet for the last hour. They talked as they walked through the silent dark streets. The street lamps gave plenty of light as they walked but it was late enough that apart from the odd passing car there was no one around to bother them. He found that he couldn't resist teasing her as they walked. He started discussing which of his stories she had enjoyed the most and what she thought about the one he had written for her. She started to mock curse him and asked if he had a clue how hard it was to walk when she was as turned on as she currently was. Nick laughed and told her at least it was a little less obvious than his own arousal - which was prominently displayed in the front of his jeans now. She giggled and reached down to run her hands across the head of his shaft eliciting a soft moan from his lips.
"Fuck Anna, you're stunning - there is so much I want to do with you."
"Like what..." She asked with that same mischievous grin.
Nick leaned in close and stopped walking, pulling her close and wrapping his arms around her from behind so he could whisper in her ear. "Well my gorgeous teasing Vixen, I'd start by kissing your neck just below your ear like this." And he kissed her softly, the warmth of his breath on her skin making her shiver against his body at the light kisses and touch. "Then I'd slide my hands under your top like this to stroke your skin." He kissed her again as his gentle fingers teased her skin under her top. She was soft and warm to the touch and his throbbing cock was pressed tight against her ass now. "Then, the next time we found a dark enough spot I'd drag you down it and press you against the wall and make you mine like I know you've wanted all night."
She moaned softly at his touch and pressed herself against him. He loosened his grip and stepped away slightly taking her arm as she swayed on the spot. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip as her legs pressed together. He could see how incredibly aroused she was and ass he took his hand there was a new purpose to her walking as they made their way quicker down the street. Suddenly they were passing a dark lane and she practically dragged him down the street. She dropped her bag and shoes by a wall and pulled him into her.
"I want you, I need Sir. I'm so turned on right now."
As Nick looked down at her he wrapped his arms around her and saw the look in her eyes. They had gone dark with lust and need. She pressed against him, her fingers rubbing against his cock through the material of his pants as she grabbed his hand and moved it to her breasts. He squeezed them through the material of her top, loving the feel of them in his hands - he had fantasized about them for months - he wasn't going to miss this chance. He quickly unzipped her top and spun her round so she was facing the wall. She braced herself against the wall with one hand whilst with the other one she reached back to rub his cock through his pants.
He reached in with both hands and slipped them inside her bra to grab her glorious breasts, he cupped them and squeezed revelling in the soft warmth in his hands. He could feel her nipples against the palms of his hands and altered his touch so he couple pinch and squeeze her nipples. He felt her sag against him as she almost came from his touch on her nipples. She was so turned on, she moaned his name loudly, begging her Sir to fuck her. He wanted to but he was worried about her tomorrow.
"Are you sure my Vixen? I mean really sure..."
"Please Sir... I need you, I need your touch, and I need your cock..."
Nick kissed her under the ear on her neck again, grazing it with his teeth, whilst one hand kept teasing her nipples the other one slid down her body and gripped the hem of her shirt skirt and pulled it up until it was just a belt around her waist. Her legs looked incredible as he glanced down and in seconds his fingers had slid under the material of her tights and panties and found her smooth slickness.
"I shaved it for you Sir."
"Thank you Vixen." He whispered in her ear as his talented fingers found her aroused clit and teased it with quick little circles over the top. She came instantly and only the combined support of the wall she was leaning against and Nick holding her kept her on her feet. He didn't let up and kept his fingers working on her slick wet hole over and over until she came again. He pushed his fingers in and out, teasing her pussy and clit until she came again and this time there was no way to hold her as she sank down to her knees in front of him. He lowered her gently and she rested her head against his groin, her cheek pressed against his clothing covered cock. He felt her fingers reach up and shaking slowly unzip his pants. Pulling them open and slipping her hand inside his boxers she felt his cock for the first time. Nick didn't know how he didn't instantly explode on the spot. He had dreamed of this for months and as he looked down at this radiant beauty he watched, holding his breath as she slowly pulled his thick cock through the gap and out into the air in front of her.
He started to say something but whatever words he was trying to form evaporated as her head darted forwards taking his shaft into her mouth. He groaned softly and stroked his fingers through her hair as she slowly worked the length of his shaft. Her head bobbed up and down the length of his shaft as her fingers slipped inside his boxers to tease his balls. He didn't know how much longer he could hold back and as she gripped his shaft to stroke it whilst she sucked he knew he was about to explode. He grabbed her head and started to fuck her face harder. She responded eagerly and within seconds he was exploding. Stream after stream of his pend up cum blasted out and into her mouth. He felt her swallowing and gulping it down as the endless flood of months of pent up teasing exploded out of him in an orgasm that left him gasping and seeing stars.
He realised he was swaying slightly and steadied himself as he looked down to see her still working his cock which had stayed hard. When he was fully turned on like this he could sometimes cum two or three times without losing his erection and apparently tonight was one of those nights. He pulled her to her feet and roughly spun her round to lean over a nearby garden wall. He knew this was risky and they could get caught but he was past caring now - there was only one thought in his head. He pulled her panties and tights down over her ass and halfway down her thighs. He grabbed a fist full of her hair and with his other hand grabbed his rock-hard, thick cock to her wet, waiting hole. Once he was lined up and the head was pressed against her lips he reached round to grab her by the throat, holding her hair and her throat he slowly pushed every inch of his cock deep inside her.
Her body began to shake almost uncontrollably as he filled her. He was thicker than she'd ever had before and he was stretching her and filling her perfectly. Something about them was perfect as they fit together, his cock seemed to hit ever sensitive spot inside her as he ground himself deeper and deeper inside her. It took mere moment of him starting to thrust before she was orgasming on his cock. He shifted his grip from her throat to muffle the moans coming out of her mouth as he fucked her harder and harder. His cock was slamming in and out of her, over and over as she whimpered underneath him. He let go of her hair to slap her ass hard, loving the crimson finger prints he left on her skin. Grabbing her hair again he drove himself in and out of her brutally hard. He knew should have bruises on the front of her thighs tomorrow from being slammed against the wall over and over but he was lost in the sounds and sensations of being inside this gorgeous creature that orgasmed over and over under him.
He could feel his own orgasm rising and knew there was no way to hold back what was coming.
"Where Vixen... Where do you want it...?"
Without coherent thought she still knew what he meant and gasped out a few words in reply. "Tits please Sir." He pulled out and dropped her roughly to her knees this time - no doubt adding to her collection of bruises tomorrow - and stroked his cock twice in her face as she shakily pulled her top wider open revealing her gorgeous breasts. He exploded. His cum jetting out of his throbbing shaft to splash over her tits, such was the force it hit her on the neck to start with before he angled his cock down sending the cum flying over her amazing breasts. Stream after stream pulsed out to coat her chest until it shone in the pale night lights. She leaned forwards and grabbed his cock licking and sucking it clean as he leant against the wall gasping. She smiled as he shakily put his cock away then stood and zipped her top up, hiding most of the cum still covering her breasts. He picked up her shoes and bag for her and helped her to her feet, at which point she opened the gate in the wall.
"You live here?"
"I couldn't wait."