Ray, Steve and Mark spent the rest of the morning, fucking all of my holes in both outfits. I came and came yet still wanted more. Not only had I become a slut, I'd become and insatiable slut who craved cock. Craved cock in any hole as long as she had cock.
I'd swallowed a copious amount of spunk that morning, receiving a few decent loads in my ass and pussy, then the piece de resistance occurred when Ray went down on my ass and pussy, licking every drop of come out of my fucked holes.
This was the weirdest and kinkiest thing to ever happen to me so far.
I squirmed on the sofa like a jellyfish in a microwave as Ray lapped away at my pussy and ass.
I experienced a long continuous orgasm as Rays black tongue cleaned and pleasured me simultaneously.
Stretching out on the sofa enjoying the sexual afterglow, Ray moved up to my chest and began gently chewing and licking my nipples.
"You should tell your husband you're a slut and maybe he'll enjoy licking spunk out of your cunt after you've just cheated on him!" Ray said reassuringly.
Mark and Steve both laughed as I shuddered with sexual excitement at the thought of Ray's words becoming reality.
I pulled Ray's head toward mine and kissed him passionately, tasting my pussy and all of the guys spunk on his lips and breath.
I desperately wanted to continue fucking but it seemed the guy's were all spent.
All three guys helped me strip off and put my civilian clothes back on. Mark took the outfits and stockings, placing them in a large bag, he handed me the goods and kissed my cheek, turning on his heels to re-open the shop. Steve gave me a huge hug and whispered in my ear.
"Great fuck and a terrific slut. We will need to do this again!"
"Oh I'll be wanting that huge cock inside me again!" I reassured Steve.
Ray smiled holding my waist and pulled me close to him. His large lips were brushing my earlobe as he whispered.
"Remember I'm going to fuck you on my rounds one morning!"
I smiled a contented smile and whispered to Ray.
"You're going to fuck me on lots of mornings!" I confirmed "I'll always wear something special just for you and your wonderful black cock!"
With exception of Mark, the guys all left and I gathered my belongings, told Mark I'd see them all next week and gave him a sexy sloppy kiss and headed home sexually satisfied.
I pulled into my drive to find Alan sitting on his doorstep enjoying the warm sunshine.
I smiled as I felt myself blush as Alan said.
"Do you have time for a coffee?"
"Sure come on in and I'll get a pot going" I smiled as I opened my front door.
Alan stepped inside following me to my kitchen. I placed my bag of new slut lingerie on the floor and turned to face Alan, who was now almost face to face with me.
"You smell of cock and spunk!" He smiled.
"Since you fucked me, I've become an insatiable slut!" I smiled "I've just been gang fucked by three guys and they've bought me lingerie, which I plan on wearing when you and your friends do me after the striptease!"
Alan pulled me close to him, pushing his lips to mine without kissing me and snarled.
"I knew you'd make a good cumslut! I'm going to fuck your ass now and you'll tell me every little detail!"
Pulling my skirt above my waist he turned me round and bent me over my kitchen worktop. His cock was at my rosebud within seconds as he pushed the swollen head beyond my sphincter, making me gasp with delight as he fucked my ass wonderfully.
I regaled the story as best as I could, between pants and moans as his cock pleasured me as I recalled my earlier antics.
He became more forceful when I described Steve's huge cock stretching my pussy. During the whole event Alan kept interrupting saying.
"Fuck yeah! Tell me more slut!"
I thrived on his treatment as my slut behaviour excited him, driving his cock into my willing ass.
Without question I was a cheating cumslut, but I now discovered that Alan was a serious voyuer.
If only my husband was, I would have the perfect lifestyle, getting fucked by other guys and having the two men in my life enjoying the pleasure I was receiving.
I still didn't feel an ounce of guilt, at all of the cocks that had been pleasuring me, in fact I found the situation immensely exciting, and the way Alan was fucking me, I knew he was finding it sexually exciting also.
"When is your husband away next?" Alan growled.
"He will be away for three days as from Monday. Shall I do my striptease for you and your friends on Monday, then you can all squirt your spunk inside me!" I teased.
"There'll be five us fucking your cheating slut holes. You will ask us to fuck you, in fact you will beg us to fuck as you seem to enjoy being abused and humiliated!" He said aggressively "Now turn around while I come all over your face!"
He unplugged his cock from well fucked ass, holding the base he pointed it at my face as a torrent of thick creamy spunk splashed across my lips, cheeks and chin. I smiled as some of his hot spunk slid into my mouth. Licking my lips I captured the stray spunk, swallowing it deliberately to show Alan I was a total slut.
I grabbed his cock, mopping the spunk off my cheeks and chin with his semi erect cock, coating his impressive length with his orgasm. Taking his cumdrenched cock into my mouth, I began to roll my tongue around his hardening cock, licking every drop of his spunk off his now hard erect cock.
"Please fuck my pussy!" I said subserviently, practicing for Mondays cockfest.
"In your bed with a vibrator in your ass!" Alan demanded.
I unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor, revealing my naked ass and pussy. I picked up the bag of sex outfits and walked toward the stairs. Alan followed with his hard cock thrusting from his groin. We walked up the stairs with Alan fingering my ass and pussy, making our way into my bedroom.
I undid my blouse revealing my naked breasts with the erect nipples pointing at Alan. Wearing only my high heels I climbed onto the bed and looked at Alan.
"Do you want to fuck me on my back or on my knees?"
"I'll fuck you on your back in your marital bed! You'll have been fucked by your husband in there in this position but I will make you come more!" He confidently replied.
Alan was right about that. My husband has fucked me many times in our bed in the missionary position but Alan's hard young huge cock will definitely give me more intense and pleasurable orgasms. Plus there was something naughty and forbidden about being unfaithful in my marital bed. Alan climbed between my open legs as I thrust my hips upward, aiming for the tip of his cock at my pussy opening. As though it was meant to be, the full length of his cock slid inside my unfaithful pussy. Gripping his cock almost vice like, my tight pussy walls stretched around his full eight inches as he began to thrust frantically making me orgasm after less than five thrusts.
"Please fuck me!" I repeated throughout as Alan drove his length into me with great gusto.
My high heeled feet were resting on his strong thrusting buttocks, with my taloned nails gently scratching his back and stroking his hair. Alan pressed his lips on mine as my tongue searched for his. Our tongues entwined like mating snakes as Alan fucked me wonderfully. I never thought it possible to orgasm so much, but here I was with another orgasm surging through my lust crazed pussy.
Alan grunted "I'm going to come!"
I responded in the way a subservient slut should respond.
"Please come inside my unfaithful pussy! Fill my cunt with your manly spunk!"
Alan moaned aloud and began to spurt his spunk inside my stretched cunt.
I could actually feel the hot spunk, spurting inside me, such was the force of his orgasm.
This triggered off another orgasm for me as we bucked our orgasms out of our system.
Lying beneath Alan with his spent cock still inside is one of the most beautiful experiences I'd ever encountered. The post orgasmic bliss was divine as I felt his cock begin to slide out of my well greased cunt. Alan's spunk trickled out of my pussy forming a pool on the bedsheets, which just so happened to be on my husbands side of the bed.
I smiled knowing my husband would be sleeping on top of Alan's spunk tonight, the sheets were definitely not getting changed today.
Alan kissed me sensitively then climbed out of my bed.
"I'm looking forward to your striptease on Monday and sharing you amongst my friends afterwards! We will video the whole thing and leave a copy for you to masturbate too when you've no hard cocks to play with and your wimp husband can't get it up to fuck you. Also I will be staying the night fucking you in your husbands bed!" Alan informed me as I nodded smiling.
"I'll leave you to clean up. See you on Monday lunchtime. Make sure you're wearing your stripper outfit with loads of slut make-up!"
And with that, he was gone.
I lay naked on the bed except for my high heels, basking in the sexual afterglow. This was more though, I was taking great delight in acting and being treat like a slut. I had definitely found my sexual calling.
The next few days were uneventful, with me doing my usual, parading around the house in my lingerie and my husband not laying a finger on me. This was actually to my advantage with my lust and frustration both growing in equal measures.
Monday arrived and my husband left early for the airport. I arose and enjoyed light breakfast then headed in to the shower to begin my preparations for striptease debut. It was 10:00am as I turned the shower on. Stepping in to the shower, the water cascaded over my firm full breasts, snaking a river of water down to my hairless smooth mound. I began to lather my entire body and feel the warm water rinse my soft skin clean.
I checked my pussy for smoothness and ran a razor gently over my mound and pussylips, ensuring a soft smooth area. The gliding of the razor made my inner pussy tingle at what was in store. In just over an hour I will be performing my first strip tease then getting gang fucked by a group of horny young guys, all desperate to fuck my holes and abuse my body with a spunk drenching.
I'd finished my shower and patted dry my body and was in the process of smoothing coconut butter over every inch of my body. The butter left a wonderful sheen on my smooth tanned skin, absorbing light seductively. I walked in to the bedroom and began to dress for my moment. I placed the leather look basque with no bra cups around my waist and fastened the hook and eyes at the tightest point. The leather looked wildly erotic cinching my waist smaller and accentuating my large firm breasts and feminine hips. The garter straps were hanging down, framing my shaved smooth pussy. I placed the sheer black seamed stockings on my legs, ensuring the seams were straight before attaching the garter straps.
I slipped my feet into a pair of black wet look spike heeled shoes with an ankle strap that fastened with tiny bondage locks. I looked at my reflection pleased at the woman staring back at me. My body looked sensational trussed up in my erotic lingerie, displaying my bare pussy and large breasts. I could feel my pussy tingling with excitement, as I placed the zip up, tight, tiny, black leather mini around my hips, fastening the zip, watching the tight leather stretch around my ass and hips.
With the tight mini in place I slipped my arms into the bolero style leather jacket to match my skirt. My nails had been manicured, my eyebrows waxed and tinted, my eyelashes pampered and my tan topped up. I was ready to be fucked and appreciated.
I went down to my kitchen to have a quick glass of wine and a sneaky cigarette. I checked the music in the music system, ensuring a raunchy choice was ready to go and sipped my wine and drew a long cooling smoke of my menthol cigarette. Sipping the wine is probably an understatement as I guzzled the liquid more likely. I topped my glass up and heard the sound that a text message had arrived. I picked up my phone, both nervous and excited, to find Alan had texted me.
"Is my slut excited? I'll be there in two minutes!"
I stubbed out the cigarette, took another slug of my wine and went to wait by my door. I didn't need to wait as my doorbell rang before I got into the hallway. I could see the silhouette of Alan through the glass panel as I opened the door, revealing my stripper slut outfit to anyone who was passing.
Alan stepped inside and kissed me gently. His tongue softly sought out mine and delicately flicked my tongue and lips. A second guy stepped into my lobby, holding a large Ann Summers bag. Alan had told all his friends to bring an outfit they'd like to see me in, and true to their word, the first guest had his present with him. Alan. Broke our kiss and said.
"This is Chris. He's never had anal sex before, so you can guess where he'll be sliding his cock in!" Alan smiled "Yip. Straight in your cheating slut ass!"
I groaned with delight at thought of this young guys cock in my ass and the way Alan spoke, humiliating me and treating me like a slut.
"She does look like a very beautiful dirty slut!" Chris smiled.
"Well aren't you a sweetheart!" I smiled as I placed the palm of my right hand over his already prominent bulge.
Two other guys walked holding similar bags, looking over at me squeezing Chris' cock.
"The tall one is Nick and the shorter one is Mal" Alan stated "They also want to fuck your ass!" He laughed watching their faces blush.
I found the blushing to be quite endearing and rather cute. I wanted to pull both of their heads to my breasts and comfort them, then have them fuck me furiously.
"That's everyone here" Alan said "Shall we get the show started?" He pointed to the lounge and everyone shuffled through the lounge door and took a seat around the room.
Alan sat on one armchair, Chris sat on another whilst Mal and Nick sat at opposite ends of the long sofa. The bags of presents were left in the lobby as I went over to the music system and hit the play button.
No Diggitty came wafting out of the speakers as I began my routine as seductively as possible, going from guy to guy, stroking their faces and hair as I passed between them. I would only be removing the jacket and tight skirt so this wouldn't be a long drawn out routine. I'd moved amongst the guys twice when I stood in the middle of the room and unzipped my jacket. My large breast and expansive cleavage was revealed to my audience. I slid the jacket over my shoulders and my erect nipples came into view.
Mel and Nick both gasped as the caught their first glimpse of my large firm breasts. I dropped the jacket to the floor, placing my arms up high, exposing my breasts to my entire audience. I walked over to Chris and offered him my right nipple to suck on. His young lips covered my erect nipple and he began to suckle like a nursing child. His tongue was flicking the nipple delightfully as he sucked the whole aureola into his mouth.
He held my breast as he sucked away, causing me to rotate my hips, mimicking the action of fucking. I removed my wet hard nipple from his mouth and walked over to Mel, as he opted for my left breast and began to replicate what Chris had just done. Both of my erect nipples and my shaved pussy were tingling with sexual excitement. Mel ran his hand up the stocking of my left leg, stroking his way up my inner thigh, as his fingers passed the stocking tops, he felt the soft flesh of my thigh. His teasing fingers moved slowly toward my shaved pussy. His fingertips reached my smooth slit as he startled somewhat, that he'd reached the target.
His fingertips deftly strummed at my slit and pussylips, causing me to moan and pull his head hard into my breast, as he suckled away stroking my shaved pussy.
With his fingertips teasing my pussy delightfully, I was distracted as his index finger circled the puckered ring of my asshole. I realised the wonderful sensations his fingertips were providing as my eyes rolled lustfully, with my mouth open, panting with pleasure.
I moved from Mel over to Nick he held both of my breasts and began to gently twist my nipples. My eyes rolled lustfully once more as I leaned in close to Nick and whispered.
"When you fuck me later, make sure you treat my nipples like this!" I licked his earlobe and moved away from him smiling.
I walked over to Alan and turned my back on him. Pushing my taut buttocks at him I turned my head and smiled.
"Unzip my skirt big boy and we can get some fucking underway!" Alan's hand went to the zip and seductively slid it down, revealing the crack of my ass. With both of his hands on the tiny tight mini skirt, he slid the garment over my stockinged thighs and down my legs until the skirt hit the floor.
I bent over, with my back arched, pushing my breasts forward and my ass high and tight. Alan could see my wet slit and puckered ring inches from his face. I stepped out of the skirt and held my cheeks apart. Alan ran his warm tongue up my slit then circled my asshole with his warm wet tip. I squirmed with delight and felt my pussy and ass tingle with desire.
They both wanted fucked and it needed to be soon. Alan turned me around and pulled me on to his lap. My legs parted either side of his thighs as He pulled his cock from his shorts. It sprung upwards and I couldn't resist sliding my hungry slut cunt over the magnificent shaft. I kissed alan passionately as his cock filled my pussy. Alan called Chris over.
"Lube her asshole up man. Now's your chance to fuck an ass, and this is one fucking wonderful slut!"
Chris stood behind my asshole as he parted my cheeks, he could see Alan's cock sliding in and out of my stretched pussy. Chris spat directly on my asshole, an act which I have grown to love, then rubbed his saliva into my tight hole. I felt his cock nudge at my sphincter, as the hole opened slowly for the hard cock. My sphincter swallowed the head of his cock as he slid the entire length inside me with one single lunge.
My pussy and ass were being double penetrated yet again, a sensational, but now a familiar feeling.
The other two guys looked over somewhat shocked, but their faces were flushed and excitement surged through their veins.
"Come over here guys and I'll suck your cocks alternatively!" I purred in best slut voice.
Mel and Nick stood either side of me with their cocks out, hard and throbbing as I wrapped my hands around the pulsing flesh. Chris and Alan continued to slam their cocks in my ass and pussy, filling my holes with hard young cock, pushing orgasm after orgasm through my insatiable body.
I took turns in sucking Mel and Nicks cocks, leaning toward each guy as they placed their cocks between my lips.
Alan was happily twisting my erect nipples, creating a pain and pleasure sensation simultaneously. Chris indicated that he was about to come.
"Squirt your spunk up my ass!" I panted and placed Nick's cock back into my mouth.
Chris' cock twitched, then a deluge of hot young spunk, plastered my anal walls with every twitch and spurt. I came in unison with Chris, feeling his hard cock deflate inside my asshole.
Breathless almost, Chris removed his cock from my asshole as a tiny trickle of spunk, poured out of my ass and ran down Alan's cock. I looked at Nick and Mel and smiled.
"Who's fucking my ass next?"
Mel dashed behind me, slipping his impressive hard young length deep in my asshole. The speed at which he slid inside me had me catch my breath.
"Oh yeah guys! Fuck your slut!" I panted still holding Nick's hard cock.
Alan was clenching his teeth as I fucked his cock, with Mel's adding to the high state of arousal.
Alan signalled that he was about to come.
Mel and Alan withdrew their cocks, as Alan pointed his blood engorged cock at my face and unloaded his usual vast amount of fertile young seed all over my face. Some of his deposit spurted directly into my mouth, but some also splashed my cheeks and chin. Using Alan's cock as a scoop, I wiped all of his spunk off my face and placed his semi erect cum drenched cock between my lips, allowing my tongue to perform her magic.
Nick sat in Alan's chair with his beautiful hard young cock pointing upwards. I straddled his thighs and slid slowly onto his rock hard erection. Mel returned his hard cock to my asshole and both young men began to fuck me furiously.
As fabulous as this sensation was, I knew these young guys would not last much longer.
My assumption was correct as I felt both cocks twitch and erupt inside me only seconds apart.
The spurting throbbing cocks were providing me with a delectable multi orgasm, causing me to almost scream with passion.
"Fuck me! Fuck me!" repeatedly.
The two cocks slid out of me, as I climbed off Nick, sexually satisfied.
Alan looked really pleased with himself, sharing his slut with his friends and the three guys looked as though it was all a dream.
We relaxed for a while with the guys taking turns to play with my tits and finger me, which resulted with each of the guys fucking my pussy and ass once more, before calling it a day.
I lay on my sofa, sexually drained watching three young men dressed then leave, with each of the guys thanking me for a wonderful experience.
Alan stayed naked and guided the guys out of my house. When he returned to the lounge he smiled looking down at me and said.
"Lets get you cleaned up, teeth brushed and a retouch of make-up. I need to get you in your husbands bed and fuck you all night!"
"Shall I wear this slut outfit for bed?" I smiled.