Libby continued to add to her Amateur Photography thread and fuel the fires of her many fans, as she checked back more and more often to post new and ever-more imaginative strip-teasing series.
She followed her 'nursie' series of saucy pictures with a very cheeky 'schoolgirl' striptease, which was met with effusive acclaim from her very wide circle of Literotica admirers. With barely thirty photos uploaded, her thread had grown to seventy-five pages of praising posts -- which was great for Libby's ego, but for the rest of us it made tracking down her photos all the more vexing. So I created an index for her and explained how it was done, and she stuck it into the first post of her thread and kept updating it regularly -- all the better for our viewing pleasures.
And her index kept growing, too: she added a new series called 'ready for the shower', and another excellent one with her stripping out of a policewoman's uniform, and yet another that featured her toying with items of food -- grapes, ice cream, so forth -- in various stages of undress; all to the love and adoration of the world.
Throughout each series, Libby was ever-careful not to show her face whenever she was turned towards the camera; she also always stopped just short of giving the whole game away, always managing to keep her nether-regions covered one way or the other, signing off on each series totally nude save for a hand or a hat or a bunch of grapes placed ever-so-daintily over the moneymaker. Dozens of men -- and more than a few women -- cried and begged and cajoled on her pages (and in a barrage of PMs, she told me), pleading to see the whole lot, for her to finally reveal the prize; but she refused, cheekily and demurely, and it kept them in a frothing state of frenzy in which I'm sure she revelled.
Also constant throughout the posting of each series was Libby's PMs to me, letting me know when her newest works were up and demanding my opinion of them. My opinion was unchanging: her slowly-undressed, tantalising stripteases -- carefully revealing each part of her exquisite body, one by one -- never failed to work me up into a masturbational frenzy; but though I may have dropped the odd hint, I still would not let her know it for sure.
I could tell it was teasing her fiercely, not knowing whether or not I was beating the meat at the sight of her hot, naked, gym-toned body. And I was sure it was driving her on, inspiring her to new heights of teasing, alluring creativity as the quality of her photographic stripteasing journeys increased ever-more.
A new line of inquiry was also rearing its head more and more often: "Damn you, aussie_101!" she wrote in a PM one day. "I can't find any pictures of you anywhere!"
"I guess there mustn't be any to be found," I replied.
"Really?" she rejoined, and I imagined a vexed disappointment in her tone. "You've posted nothing? You of all people?"
"Now what's that supposed to mean?"
"You're the one who told me that everyone is hiding an exhibitionist streak," Libby reminded me. "You're the one who set me on this whole strip-teasing thing in the first place! And I've read all of your stories -- you must be the horniest bugger in all the world, to imagine up those scenes and scenarios! Do you have any idea how many times your stories have made me come?" she asked of me, pointedly and unabashedly.
"Why Libby -- you make me blush," I typed, grinning as I did so -- I still would not let her know that her pictures had done me the same favour, many a time over; I simply wouldn't tell, no matter how much she'd poke and prod for it.
"But seriously, Tom: have you really never posted any pics of yourself?"
"Well..." I typed. "Okay, yes, I confess: I've never posted any pics of myself."
"Why not???" she cried. "I reckon you'd be a little hottie under all those clothes... ;-)"
"Well, thank you Libby," I wrote -- always nice to hear as much, especially from a steamy vixen such as our Libby. "I guess I just figured nobody would really be interested in seeing little old me in the buff."
"I'd be interested," she told me, starkly. "I'd love to see you in the buff. You might not know it, but Kelly's told a story or two about you over the years... and I'd love to see if the tales are true..." she added, alluringly.
I did not know that. 'Well,' I thought: 'that's awesome! Thank you, Kelly my wife!' But at the mention of my wife, the guilt kicked in. "Mmm... nah, sorry," I wrote. "Not gunna happen."
"WHAAAAAT??!!??" came her theatrical and over-punctuated reply. "Why the fuck not?? You've seen me naked, a million times! It's only fair you repay the favour!"
"I just don't really feel the need," I typed, with a smirk. "Sorry if that disappoints you... Besides, I've never seen you FULLY nude -- you've always got a hat, or a hand, or a bunch of grapes in the way. Very frustrating, those grapes."
Libby's reply was swift and immediate: no text, just a picture attachment. I blinked: it was entitled 'schoolgirl_21', and I distinctly remember there being only 20 pictures in Libby's cheeky little schoolgirl series -- I had created the index for it, after all. 'What could we have here?' I wondered.
My fingers clicked to open the picture with no bidding from my brain, and there it was: Libby in all her glory, breasts standing proud and free, hands and hats and grapes well clear of her pelvis, and fuck me dead if I'm lying: her tight little pussy was completely and utterly shaved. "Hot damn," I said aloud, eyes as unto dinnerplates.
There it was: a tidy little bucket she had, neat and petite and unobscured in the utmost; well, her legs remained together, of course, maintaining her history of tastefulness in photography, but even so: there was just that tiny little hint of pink lips down there, just the barest glimpse of the doorway to her glorious and never-before-seen box of tricks...
My cock stood to attention and saluted smartly, so quickly I nearly got pelvic whiplash.
And the cherry on top of it all: in this picture, Libby had not cropped out her face. She knew she'd never post it on the public boards, and so she left her face in, and the expression was even more alluring than the visual smorgasbord below the neck: so very cheeky, so very steamy, so very, extremely wanton... Who, I wondered, was she thinking of? Who was that face for? Was she thinking of Glen, her dopey and cheating fuck-buddy boyfriend... or did she stand there, posing nude for the auto-timer with that look on her face, thinking of me?
Another PM: "Well?" she probed.
"...hot damn," I typed. "That's just... I mean... wow," I finished. What else could I say? So I sent it.
"Well well: the wordsmith, lost for words," Libby commented. "Okay then: you've seen the lot, all of me, from top to tit to toe. Return the favour."
'Hah hah,' I thought with what was probably an impish grin: 'the advantage is mine, my dear.' "Sorry, what? I never agreed to that..."
"No, Tom," she warned. "Don't do this to me. You've got to show me some pics."
"There are no pics to show."
"Then go take some, damn you!"
"You can't make me," I told her. "You'll never see me naked, dearest Libby: and that's a promise."
"Promises are made to be broken," she informed me -- which is as telling an indicator of all that is Libby if ever there was one. "I'll get some pics out of you. It's my new mission."
"Oh yeah? Well, we'll see."
Her PMs stopped at that juncture, but the next day I found a new post in her 'Libya's Finest' thread that was time-stamped the very minute following our conversation. It read as follows.
"My fellow Literoticans: I wish to make it known that you all owe your thanks to my dearest friend and mentor, aussie_101 -- for it was he who inspired me to take my photos and show them to the world."
'Aww,' I thought. 'How nice.'
"But now..." she continued. "Now I have asked aussie to return the favour and post up some pics of himself, as I have never yet seen him in his natural state -- but the cheeky bastard refuses to cooperate!"
'True enough, true enough,' I grinned.
"So please, all my friends and fans, I beg of you: join me in signing the attached petition --" and there it was, at the bottom of the post she had set up an electronic polling petition, the clever little thing "-- and encourage our dear, sexy aussie_101 to join us in the realm of amateur photography. For I am sure many of you have read his stories, and from his tawdry tales I dare say the man is a dynamo with much to show. So go on -- get polling!"
"That cheeky little minx!" I muttered to myself, chuckling at her cheek. Not many people were troubling themselves with the poll, however, with only a handful of results either way: some people voted 'yes, let's see aussie_101 naked!', others had voted 'no thanks'. A handful of posted replies followed Libya's Finest: a few ladies offered some half-hearted entreaties; one lad or two wrote the same, along the lines of "oh go on, give Libya a thrill -- she deserves it"; but there were many more posts along the lines of "forget this clown, Libya -- I'll send you my pics! I'll give you your thrills!" Much as one could expect, I'd say.
With no new posts from Libby and the thread having gone quiet, I put up a reply of my own. "Hello Libby (and all)," I wrote. "Seems your crusade to get me starkers has few supporters, so... no dice! But do keep your own pics coming, of course -- the public must be satisfied. Much love, from your fan aussie_101," I signed off, and posted my reply.
I wandered away from literotica.com to do my own thing; later in the day I checked back to see if there were any new developments, not expecting anything serious. To my immense surprise, I found dozens of new PMs waiting for me, sent by names I recognised among Libby's more ardent fans: "Come on aussie -- post some pics!" said hot2trotsky; "Give the lady what she wants!" urged socalgrl_86, who had followed Libby's progress from the start; and "Dammit man, don't keep us waiting -- post! Post! Post!!!" was the gist of the rest of them.
"What's all this then?" I asked of myself, not intending to sound like a 'Carry On' movie character but managing it all the same. The answer lay in the Libya's Finest thread, in a new post from the girl herself...
She had started by quoting my latest reply, and then her response followed: "All my fans, be advised," she began. "I, Libya's Finest, hereby vow that I shall not post any new pics until such time as aussie_101 has fulfilled my demands -- and to the highest level of my satisfaction. If any of my fans should have a problem with this... be sure to let the man know." Following her freshly-written post was another page-and-a-half of clamouring demands from Libby's fans that I obey her directive, and thus restore the flow of saucy pics.
"Ah," I typed in my own posted reply. "Guess I'd best find my camera, then." And inside half an hour I had a camera and tripod ready, set up in the very guest bedroom where Libby shot her first few strip-teasing series -- with the very same camera, too.
Though I'd never taken or posted any amateur shots of myself before, I had often thought about doing it, and how I would go about it. Basically, I was going to follow the same formula that Libby had proven so popular: lots of pics taken at many stages during a striptease, undressing slowly, keeping the people waiting -- though I didn't dare to imagine that many people would bother themselves with my pics; to allay my own nervousness I tried to tell myself that the only person who would ever see them would be Libby. So I took a deep, steadying breath -- and I began.
I didn't have any fancy costumes on standby for such an event (unlike our Libby, who must have a wardrobe bursting with naughty little numbers). As I set the camera to auto-timer and posed for a few fully-robed shots, I wore a simple pair of jeans with a nice shirt and some of my more-flattering undergarments beneath; I pulled a couple of poses as best I knew how, striking an easy repose that proved to show off my fairly broad and well-toned chest rather nicely, and then an about-face stance angled to best display my rump -- which was oft-praised as "pert and perky" by my lovely wife Kelly. To assuage my sudden guilt at the thought of the wife, I resolved to e-mail a few of these pics to her at work -- to let her think I'd taken them just for her, just for a little thrill.
With the "here's how I look with clothes on" shots out of the way, I struck some poses in various stages of removing my shirt: a few buttons gone, all buttons gone, shrugging the shirt off my shoulders -- a good pec-flexer, that pose -- and letting the shirt dangle in one arm. With the shirt gone, I cast a few poses in my Chesty Bonds singlet top, liking how the cut of it accentuated the strength and power in my shoulders and chest, and how the tight fit lent a slimming effect down the length of my torso.
Then it was a few pics as I peeled off the Chesty, revealing my bare naked chest: a bit on the fuzzy side, but still broad and strong. And of course I couldn't help but suck in the gut a little -- I do have a good strong six-pack, it just happens to be obscured by an inch or two of flab. Nevertheless, a flex of the abs pulls everything back into line; it's not quite a rippling washboard down there, but it does the trick.
Okay: I'm topless. Where to now? Pants are next: a picture or two of taking off the belt -- I know how to stretch the process out too, Libby, don't you worry about that -- and then a few pics as I unbuttoned the fly of my jeans, bringing my best black pair of boulder-holders steadily into view.
Having run out of buttons, it was time to point the derriere at the camera again, letting the jeans slip down to below the knickers; I laughed as I paused to check the pic on my camera, as the set of my body cheekily lampooned the very same pose our Libby loves to pull: arse to camera, pants coming down, looking back over my shoulder to make sure it looked just as fine as last time I saw it... 'she'll like this one,' I reckoned.
Back into position, it was time to front the camera again: let the world check out the bulge in the crotch as I stepped out of my jeans. "Ah crap," I sighed: my socks were still on! That's not sexy! Socks aren't sexy at all! Exactly when during a striptease is one supposed to lose the socks? I stopped to peel off the offending footwear and threw them away, and took the same step-out-of-jeans shot again, hoping there weren't any smartarses out there scrutinising the series for continuity. "Hang on -- you had socks on in pic four, but they're gone in pic twelve..." Ah, bugger them; I wasn't going to start again on account of errant socks.
So there I was, jeans gone, clad in nought but the flattering black jocks...
A couple hours later the series was shot, trimmed and cropped, and I was a-posting them one by one in my very own thread: 'For the satisfaction of Libya', it was entitled. I had pleaded with her prior, asking that I might only send them to her via PM; "no no," she scolded, "set up a thread and let the world see." Damn woman.
I had worked through the series, with Libby (and one or two others) posting replies of encouragement along the way. "Very, very nice..." Libby wrote when we got to the picture of me in my grundies. "So how far will you go today?"
"Wait and see..." I replied, with the next picture attached: in this one I was cock-to-camera, having hoisted my jocks down alluringly, just a little way down on one side to show a bit of bare hip (and a hint of man-bush) -- but nothing more.
"Oooh, the suspense!" said Libby. "I'm loving this, aussie! You've got me pretty riled up, you know..."
'Really?' thought I. She certainly wasn't being shy, posting news of her riledness clear as day in my thread, for anyone to see. "Got you riled, have we?" I typed. "Glad to hear it, my dear ;-)" And along with that I attached the next pic: now I was rump-to-lens, the jocks still hoisted down a ways at one side, and I had my buns in both hands, giving them a good squeeze.
"Lol!" wrote Libby. "I love it! That arse certainly is very squeezable... You shouldn't inspire me so. I'm not sure if I'll be able to control myself next time we meet... ;-)"
"Oh behave," I typed, grinning with delight. "Well, I reckon you might like this pic even more..." I added, and I attached the next one in the series: still arse-about, my hands were clear and the jocks were coming down even more; I had pushed them right down low, thus baring my perky little arse to all the world.
"You're right, I do like..." Libby informed me, and everyone. "Hot damn, but that's a sweet arse you've got. I've always thought so, you know."
"Really?" I asked. "Well you've never said anything of the sort..."
"Some things we must keep to ourselves... ;-)" And I could imagine the steamy little grin on Libby's face as she typed it. We were flirting terribly, shamelessly, for all the world to see... but it wasn't serious, it was just a bit of fun -- I thought so, and I knew Libby thought so too. We would only ever be friends, and I had promised myself as much: I loved Kelly my wife too much to bear any serious thoughts of sleeping with Libby, any real desire to fuck my wife's very best friend.
"Fair enough then," I typed. "Well my dearest Libya: here is the last one, the grand finale in my special series shot just for you. Enjoy..." and I posted it. I imagined Libby reading my post, and her excitement peaking: 'this is it...' she might have thought, 'this is where I get to see...'
...a picture of me, facing the camera again (with face cropped out, of course), totally naked in all my glory, and my hands cupped modestly over my member.
"Nooooo!" Libby wailed in her reply. "You can't hide it away! That's not fair!"
"Not fair? Of course it's fair," I averred. "You always hide your moneymaker away -- why should I do different?"
"Because I want to see it!!" she declared, bluntly. "It's different for guys -- they're not allowed to hide their cocks away! It's the law!"
'Bullshit,' I thought to myself.
"And," her post continued, "guys only have their cocks to show, they haven't got anything else -- girls have tits and bush to show, and you see my tits every time!"
"You saw my arse," I reminded her. "Are you telling me that doesn't count?"
"You see my arse too -- tits and arse, all the time!" she countered. "And you think I'll be satisfied with just your arse? I'm not going to argue with you over this, aussie -- you're going to post a picture showing the whole lot, or I'll keep withholding my pics. And that's a promise."
"You want a picture showing the whole lot?" I checked.
"Yes! A picture showing the whole lot!"
"Okay then... brace yourself..." I wrote, and I attached a picture that did indeed show the whole lot. The whole lot of Libby, that is -- in a fit of cheekiness, I posted the very picture that she had sent me earlier showing her fully exposed with nothing over that delicious, shaved little pussy, though I did crop out her face for safety's sake.
A PM flashed up almost instantly. "OMG!" wrote Libby. "OMG! I can't believe you did that!"
A troubling possibility occurred. "Are you angry?" I asked via PM.
"No no no, I'm not angry," she assured me. "I'm laughing my arse off! You cheeky devil!"
"You're sure?" I checked -- I didn't want to offend her, I had only meant to have some cheeky fun. "I can take it down if you want..."
"Nah, it's okay -- leave it there," she said. "Give the folks a bit of a reward for getting all the way through your show."
"Why Libby -- you make it sound like a chore!" I chastised.
"It's no chore, believe me," she assured me. "You've got a great body, Tom -- I'm loving the way you've stripped so slowly. I'm home alone, looking at your pics..." and she stopped there, teasingly.
"Home alone?" I prompted. "Yeah?"
"Yeah," she confirmed. "And as you've taken your clothes off, I've taken mine off too..."
'Oh wow,' I thought, as my cock stirred of its own volition. "Yeah?" I prompted. "And??" I added, letting her know I wanted to hear more.
"And..." she wrote... "...and I'll let your imagination fill in the rest. I'll meet you back in your thread ;-)" and she was done.
I went back to my striptease thread, and even in the short time she and I had been PMing, the view counter for Libby's new photo had gone through the roof -- word must have spread among her admirers. I found out later that someone had been following our flirtations in my thread, and when they found the pic of Libby they raced to her thread and posted a link so everyone else could see it too -- cheeky bugger.
In my thread, Libby had posted a classy reply: "Very well, aussie my friend -- you've had your fun, and posted the pic I had sent to you privately for your own personal amusement." Man, I loved how she was letting everyone know that I was her favourite! She was quite the online celebrity, our Libby -- and all her fans were by now wishing they were me... "Now that everyone has seen all of me -- every last piece of me -- I'm sure everyone will agree that it's only fair we see all of you."
"Okay," I agreed, with a grin -- I had taken a few extra photos after the cock-concealing shot, and I got them ready to upload. "I was planning to send this to you in private, but since you insist I share them with the world, here they come. Now you have a choice," I informed her: "you can see me in my 'stand-by' state... or you can see me in my 'X-rated' state. I'll leave the choice to you, Libya So Fine."
"I want to see both," was her reply. She can be quite up-front when she wants to, our Libby.
"Okay then," I said. "Here's me au-naturale..." and I posted the first pic: my hands were clear and my cock stood proudly on display, lying low'n'lazy but none too humble, equipped with a goodly girth in its sleeping state.
Libby replied almost instantly: "...wow..." she typed. "...and...?" she prodded, her urgency for more clearly transmitted.
"...and... here's me in full, 'inspired' glory," I wrote, and in this attachment my pride stood large, wide and tall: ten inches of rigid, bulging, lady-pleasing cock. And in the pic, I had placed my laptop on the bed behind me; on its screen was one of Libby's many pictures, giving an indication of how my cock came to grow so hard. (This pic, obviously, I would not be e-mailing to the wife.)
Libby wrote via PM again: "Oh Tom... oh, Tom..." and that was all she wrote. I knew, without a doubt, what she was doing: she was touching herself as she typed, she was staring at my full, naked, erect glory and she was pleasuring herself, rubbing furiously at her clit, slipping her fingers as deep and hard as she could into her sopping, wet cunt, imagining them to be my cock, my cock thrusting and pounding into her... the thought of it had me so riled I had to do it too, I had to get my cock out again and pound at it, pound at it...
"Damn, Libby," I typed with one hand. "This is driving me SO wild... tell me what you're doing right now," I demanded. "Tell me."
"You know what I'm doing..." she wrote. "I'm... Tom... I'm coming!" And I could see it in my mind's eye: bare naked, eyes fixed on her screen and on my raging cock, she fucked herself with her fingers in a hot, naked, horny frenzy; and even as she typed to me, she was gasping "oh Tom... oh Tom... oh Tom!" and she came, she came hard, she came with the thunder. She came for me.
The thought of it tipped me over the brink and I came for her too, grunting hard as my cock spurted hard and fast with yet another Libby-inspired orgasm -- and we came together, coming as one, separated by distance yet together, linked via Literotica.
Eventually, as we both cooled down, another PM came through. "You do it too, don't you?" she asked. "You've come too, haven't you?"
"I did come, just then," I finally confessed. "I always come, Libby. Your pictures drive me wild -- I couldn't stop wanking myself silly even if I wanted to. Right from the start -- every time I see your pics, I come."
"Me too," she confessed, with a :-) to indicate that she was glad we were sharing our naughty little secrets. "I'm constantly touching myself when I'm on this site: my pictures, your stories, when we talk like this... and I've never come so hard before," she told me.
"Me too -- I come so hard, Libby," I wrote.
"And now, those pictures, and your cock..." she wrote. "Tom, Kelly was right: it really is enormous. You put my Glen to shame, poor thing. Oh my... aren't we terrible?" she realised. "What we're doing... we're so naughty," and I could imagine how she would have said it, if we were in the same room, face to face, naked and sticky and spent... "we're so naughty," she would have said, with a deliciously wicked little grin, as her breasts heaved after her exertions and her glorious pussy -- which I'm still yet to actually see, come to think of it -- her glorious pussy wet, and dripping, and totally shaved (that much I know...)
"It's true," I confirmed. "We are pretty terrible. Should we stop, do you think?"
"Not on your life," she declared.
"Good," I grinned. With that we bade each other farewell; later on I found that Libby had made one last post in my thread, following my post that finally showed my raging hard-on:
"aussie_101, on behalf of all Literotica," she wrote -- though I doubt 'all of Literotica' would trouble themselves with my pics -- "I thank you for sharing yourself with us, so slowly, and tastefully, and so very tantalisingly... You are a truly beautiful person, and you'll forever be dear to my heart. Much love, from your Libya."
'How nice,' I thought, with a smile as I was warmed by her kind words. It was time to log off, I decided; but I just had to wonder where else this could possibly take us, Libby and I...