"Rise and shine Neighbors."
The cheerful exuberance of Dayna Houser exploded upon the scene of her unlocked guest house. Being the owner she was a bit too open for most people. Without any warning whatsoever she barges into the house and pushes a cart full of wonderful breakfast foods of freshly baked muffins, scrambled eggs, and diced fruit. Looking at her guests the lovely Indrabooty couple making love on top of their sheets seemed a bit too intrusive yet she merely smiled at them. Rolling over in shock allowed her to witness a Sahseej sausage to go along with her breakfast items. Fanning her face as if flustered they knew very well Dayna was eating this up. Covering her eyes as Marjorie's body exposed itself just long enough to reveal a dancing bosom and a slightly hairy bush Dayna turned her back to them.
"I so should have knocked. It's so wonderful having new friends that I could not help but spoil you. I'll just leave breakfast for you two to build up an appetite for. Just a notice, Martin says we shove up in an hour so you two kids make it fast. Oh Marjorie, I placed a selection of bikini's under the cart. I'm afraid it's a no go concerning swimwear for Sahseej. All of my men are larger in waist. I guess he will have to go skinny dipping." With a giggle she fans her right knuckles waving goodbye, "Have fun kids."
As the door closed behind her the Indrabooty couple stared at each other in awe, which led to laughter. Marjorie snuggles up to her husband and quietly whispers, "It feels like my college dorm room all over again." He halts his chuckle to sneer at her, "Relax Prince Charming that was in the past. Only with Jonathan Worley, he's a botanist in New York these days. Shall we finish then shower together really fast?"
"The muffins smell quite flavorful." He grimaces then rolls on top of his beautiful wife sucking on her left nipple. Her squeal was enough to know he was referring to her muffins. She loved her man. He loved her. If only there was not this young vital girl named Kayla nagging at his fantasies. Sadly, he was thinking of her.
Inside the Houser home Kayla had just finished showering in her private on suite. Stepping out of her steamy stall she finds Molly Indrabooty staring at her with her hands held captive behind her back.
"Don't scare me like that." Kayla bulges her eyes at Molly's inquisitive stare, "What?"
"My Father left a hicky."
Haunted Kayla rushes to her mirror and wipes the fog away enough to inspect her throat, recalling where he had kissed her neckline. Finding none she twists in step leaning her bare backside against the sink, "I don't see any..."
"Of course not. I merely wanted to confirm my theory."
"Wait! You already knew what happened in the pool. Why bust my chops now? It's just a fling. I find your Dad cute."
"You will pursue my Father still?"
\
"Maybe. Who knows? Things happen. You better get cleaned up I'll find you a new bikini."
"It must be very conservative or my Father will be cross."
"What's conservative?" Kayla snickers with a wrinkle over her nose, "I don't wear anything conservative. Besides we both know my Brother wants you to be sexy as hell."
She nibbles her lower lip before offering, "You...really are sexy without any help on my part."
"Am I?" Molly blushes.
"Would I lie?"
"Of course you would, but I will not hold it against you."
"Right, I'm not lying about this though. If I were bi-curious I might be all over you. I'm not."
"You question your own lie. As I said I will not hold it against you."
"Wait! What? Are you calling me gay?"
"No. I am calling the cat curious."
"Curiosity killed the cat. You were close."
"No I was quite on the spot. If you hurt my Father and Mother I will most assuredly skin you alive. I will shower my sexiness now." She turns grinning from ear to ear then wiggles her butt at Kayla. Her eyes immediately drawn to Molly's smoky flesh dancing about. Looking over her shoulder Molly notes the girl's lowered eyes, "You see? Quite curious."
Tossing a towel at her the girls laughed. As Molly stepped in under an already running spray Kayla ducked in turning the hot water off. The cold stream made Molly scream laughing, "You are most cruel."
"Just getting even for calling me gay. Cat's do not like water."
"I will get even." Molly turns the hot back on and finishes her cleanse from top to bottom. She made certain every inch was squeaky clean. She was indeed a finicky puss.
Out on the docks Martin Houser and his two yawning sons prepped everything for last minute necessity. Going over provisions including snacks, wine, and bourbon to life preservers, inflatable dinghy, and signal flares.
"All here Pops." Nathan Houser the adopted son checks his list to give his Dad upstairs. Pulling brother Caleb aside he shows him a hiding spot for condoms, oils, and mischief. Caleb nodded his approval.
"I got the mickey's." Caleb lifts a vial of tiny pills from his tan cargo pants.
"Dude this cruise is gonna rock."
'Rock the boat you mean. We have to get the Mom's groggy at least. Not unconscious just so loopy they don't know heads from tails. Dad needs his time with Molly again. I wanna toy with Molly's Mom more."
"If we strip her there's no way we can get her dressed just right for her not to suspect anything." Nathan fidgets.
"I'll risk it. Her Mom is too fucking hot not to."
"What about Molly's Dad?"
"Come on Dumbass! You know Kayla's gonna keep him occupied. I think she's infatuated with the Brain Surgeon."
"No brainer." Nathan chuckles, "Her not him. You know what I mean."
"You're gonna be the one getting the lobotomy if Kayla hears you say that. Better yet Man Overboard."
"I hope Dad lets us have our fun. He gets too bossy somedays."
"Watching our backs Bro. He's the moneymaker. I for one like my allowance."
"I'm shocked he hasn't made us get part time jobs."
"Don't give him any ideas. I like my Sports."
Hushing his brother as Martin steps below deck to look things over on his own Caleb decides to break the ice, "All good Dad."
"Good job. Now let's get on the same page before the others get here." Pointing at Nathan he scowls, "Hands off your Mother." Then too Caleb, "Let me have Molly off and on between your own shenanigans. That little girl is something else. Makes the old man feel young again."
"Wait until I get you those other girls to play with." Caleb fist bumps his Dad.
"Can't wait. I got some ideas concerning your harem, but they're risky. We'll talk about those another day. Let's just have fun in Key West and get home without anything going wrong. Weathers perfect, no storms just blue skies and calm water."
"So if you two get Molly and Kayla gets Mr. Indrabooty, who do I get?"
"Your hand." Caleb elbows his brother teasingly.
"Fine! You can toy with your Mother a little. Just don't," Martin winces at allowing even that, "go too far."
"I can't help it I think Mom is hot."
"Don't make me beat your ass Boy." Martin had to turn away, he was hearing voices approach and the creaking of dock planks. A swift finger to his lips to hush the brothers he heads up to greet everyone.
"We're here." Dayna goes giddy while hugging Marjorie's arm. Marjorie wore a sundress over her bikini but it was sheer enough to reveal curves. Curves that Sahseej had not seen in public since before he courted her. Back when Marjorie was shall we say more liberated. He had to reel her flirtatious side in over the years and had molded her into quite the lady. Until today. He might have regretted his actions.
Helping the ladies on board gallantly Martin couldn't resist a healthy glance at Marjorie's bulging cleavage and the low hem of her bikini bottoms. Marjorie herself although flattered by his gaze felt insecure. She was not used to wearing such revealing clothing around others. The thoughts of her past came flooding back. Stepping on the boat the ladies settled in on the front deck in lounge chases. Reclining back to enjoy the sun and the breeze.
Martin motioning Sahseej to come aboard struck up conversation, "I call the Cruiser here Crude Awakening. Oil stock bought these beauties. The sailboat over there is Crude Bess. My Mother's name was Bessie. They say you should name a boat after your Mom because she made life smooth sailing."
"I see. I wondered about the names when I looked them over yesterday."
"I should have mentioned the names then. Never occurred to me. Too busy making a good impression. You two sleep good in the Guest house?"
"We did..." He leaves out Dayna's intrusion.
"Great. Wonder what's holding up the girls? I wanna set sail shortly before the coast gets cluttered."
Looking back at the main house Sahseej spots Kayla and Molly leaving the French doors. Eying their journey Martin pulls out his cellphone and sets all home security while they're gone. Making certain all lights and water were off before their departure.
"Hurry it up Ladies." Martin yells loudly. This made the girls burst into a giggling sprint, "Looks like your Molly and my Kayla are getting along. Sister's in no time."
Hearing that made Sahseej grit his teeth. He needed to behave himself. If his daughter found out of he and Kayla she like her Mother would be devastated. Reaching the boat Molly confronts her Father wearing a football jersey, "Kayla insisted I wear Caleb's football jersey. I hope that is alright Father?"
"You are fine. Join your friends." He lets her pass as Kayla steps up. She slyly smiles at him as he assists her aboard.
"Let's weigh anchor Sahseej." Martin rubs his palms together pointing Sahseej to ropes tying the boat to the dock. Nathan grabs a third giving Martin time to fire up the engines from the wheel house. Within the enclosed house were all nautical devices needed to take on a voyage safely. Backing the boat out he turns it toward the sea. Heading out rapidly at first he finds a safe distance to avoid the surf and sets a course South. From there on he sets the boat on auto pilot. The waters were deep and unless another boat drifted too close they would be safe.
"The water is so beautiful." Marjorie sits up in awe of the majestic Atlantic. They watched a pair of dolphins swimming and jumping within the hour. Drinks and simple conversation kept the group centralized at the moment. As the adults focused on themselves Caleb pulls Molly behind everyone and hugs her from behind. She melts into his embrace and sighs.
"I sense mischief." She giggles reaching up to caress Caleb's cheek.
"Time for you to sunbathe."
"Right here beside our families?" She shivers.
"Right here where they can see me rub oil into your gorgeous body."
"I fear the bikini Kayla insisted I wear. I should have worn the one Mother and I purchased. It is less revealing. If Father turns and objects I will be forced to get dressed."
"Worry about that if he does. Until then let's have some fun."
"As you wish." She reaches down to grip the lengthy hem of Caleb's jersey and lifts it up over her luscious body. Nathan Houser had to bite his fist at how skimpy her bikini was. Kayla had chosen a black string bikini with no patch in behind. Her entire ass was in fll view. Risky she knew but she wanted to prove to herself she could get away with it. Nerves were present as she casts the shirt to Caleb. Nathan handed her a towel to stretch out on the deck. While bending over Caleb rubs her ass cheeks right in front of her parents. One glance over they would see just how risqué her bikini was. Even her breasts were bulging at the sides. Her nipples concealed yet barely. Martin Houser was first to admire her as Molly knelt on the towel. Seeing his gaze she flutters her fingers at him before stretching out.
Kayla not wanting to be outdone removes her own shirt right in front of Sahseej and Marjorie. To prevent suspicion Sahseej reached his wine glass over for Dayna to refill it. Marjorie joined him doing her own best to ignore the girl's next to nothing bikini. Dayna noting her daughter frowns but says nothing. She was young once. Still, in her mind.
Racing below deck Nathan snatches up his hidden oil bottle and sneaks back upstairs without question. Passing it off to Caleb with a devilish grin the brothers sit around Molly strategically. Nathan chose to play a hand held video game while covering for Molly. Her lower body masked by his large form. Good thing as Marjorie dares to look back at the kids. Seeing Molly wave at her Marjorie smiles and doesn't really suspect a thing. She wanted to be supportive of her daughter becoming a woman. Still, if she had seen bare butt she might have had second thoughts. She had not even noticed the different bikini she was wearing. So far so good. Martin coaxed Sahseej into talking about brain surgery. That alone kept Molly's Dad entertained.
Oil sprinkled all across Molly's back she cooed at Caleb's warm hands gliding over her flesh from neck to shoulders to spine. Finally reaching her bare ass Molly's eyes flared at his fingers slipping beneath the tiny threads referred to as strings. It was as if she was wearing nothing. Molly grew really wet at his probing fingers. His thumb grazing her anal cavity gave her goosebumps. As he continued glossing up her darkening flesh he chose to be daring and drags the strings along her hips down over her butt crack. All the while Nathan kept a peripheral enjoyment, torn between her sexiness and having to provide warnings from nosey parents.
Kayla laying out on her own towel to Nathan's right felt lonely. Molly was getting the royal treatment. She literally rolled her eyes as Caleb moved into position to lick Molly's ass hole. The sensitivity made Molly cringe as she wanted to whimper at the sensations of his flicking tongue. He kept doing it which led Molly to bury her face inside her folded arms beneath her head. Caleb kissed her bare bottom then tugged the bikini bottoms even lower. From there he oiled her butt a bit more and made it shiny. Just when she thought she was in Heaven his fingers dug deeper within her wetness and fingered her pussy. Two fingers in and out slowly. Molly wrestled with her emotions as Nathan shook his head trying not to laugh. A nudge from Kayla told him to chill. She then snatched the oil bottle and crawled to her feet. Walking around the parents Kayla chose to shock everyone by sitting in Martin's lap.
"Rub some oil on me Daddy. I am so not letting Caleb and Nathan do it."
Dayna scowls with a tsk, "Come over here Sweetheart. I'll rescue your Father from humiliation."
"Hey! She's my kid too. I'm not mortified. It's not like I'm groping her." Martin claims the bottle pointing it at Dayna, "Get that sundress off, now you I'll be groping."
Jaw drooping Dayna shares a playful pucker toward the Indrabooty's, "Well now! Perhaps I'll be offering you two a returned favor after earlier."
Marjorie blushes and glances at Sahseej for support, his eyes were glued to Martin oiling up Kayla's back. Kayla had boldly untied her top and held the cups over her breasts as the strings dangled. Marjorie winced at his attentiveness, "Maybe you could oil me up Sahseej?"
He turns his wavered attention toward his wife, "If you would like."
"Really?" Marjorie removes her sundress to sit in her bikini. The undressing claimed Sahseej from his curiosity toward Kayla. In a flurry Dayna stood and stripped her own sundress off. In doing so Nathan grips his brewing erection at the sight of his adopted Mother's breast enhanced monsters. Caleb too slowed his massage on Molly to observe Marjorie who stood up and sat on her Husband's lap. Molly sensing his lingering reaches behind her and unties her top. Strings dangling she rolls over on her towel and reveals her nipples to Caleb. That brought him home. Grinning from ear to ear he nudges Nathan to see her courageous move. Rolling her own hands of oil on her hips she glosses up her chest. That led to Caleb squeezing them after swatting her knuckles. She loved his touch. The risk was exhilarating. With the parents busy this gave her the freedom to get her man nice and hard. Caleb's hands roamed over her belly glossing up her abdominal area and closed in on the tiny patch wrinkled up over her pussy. Fingers slipping under insert yet again to finger fuck her right in front of everyone. This was amazing.
Molly took it further, "Nathan? Can you get me a cool beverage?"
Puffing out his lower lip Caleb motioned his cloaking device of a brother to go below deck and bring her a bottled water. Once his frame left the picture Molly and Caleb were in plain sight. Molly watched her family intently as she arched her hips and toyed with her nipples. Caleb's fingers were delightful. Over Kayla's shoulder Martin Houser watched his son and Molly play. This made him hard as hell. His daughter felt his erection beneath her butt cheeks and flared her eyes. Then, she saw a nearly nude Molly. Impressed by the girl Kayla felt compelled to up her own game. Accidently dropping the oil bottle between her legs she reaches down to retrieve it. Squealing as she rose up her top was lost. Her breasts in full view for Sahseej and the women to ogle. Covering up quickly she apologized as Martin chuckled.
"I think that's enough to keep you from burning. Go stretch out and get nice and tan. Might help hide your embarrassment." As she rises from Martin's lap the sight of trickled oil stains covered his cargo pants. Claiming the oil bottle from Kayla he slaps her on the ass chuckling, "Fly on your ass." That led to the discovery of an erection. He laughed it off even as Dayna replaced her daughter to hop up and down on it. Leaning back on her Husband Dayna whispers, "I think that was your fly on her ass." He merely surrounded his Wife with strong arms.
Holding the Indrabooty's attention Kayla scurried around them to sit on her towel becoming Molly's new wingman...girl. Just in time to prevent Sahseej from seeing Molly's tits and her brother's active fingers. Returning Nathan drops beside his sister touching her hip with the ice cold water bottle. That led to a loud squeal and a slug to his arm. Her still untied top lost in the battle. Sahseej instead of spotting Molly zeroed in on Kayla's bouncing breast from the side. In her boldest move yet Molly sits up and pulls Kayla on top of her as a human shield. Bare breasts colliding with one another led to laughter.
"I came to your rescue." Molly whispers.
Caleb pulls drenched fingers out of Molly and shows them off carefully, "You came to her rescue more than once." Molly had secretly contained her mini orgasm by using Kayla. Smart girl indeed. Caleb tugs her bottoms back into place as Kayla hugs Molly tying her top back on. Molly adjusting her cups made for a fully attired body. It was then she drank her water waving at her Father. Sahseej simply stared at her without a smile. He knew something was up.
Looking over at wine glasses sitting beside their lounge chairs Nathan quickly spikes Marjorie and Dayna's wine. Martin alone saw him and grinned. Nathan winks at his Dad which led to a scowl. A shrug later Nathan returned to his video game.
Dayna returning to her chase stretches the backrest out and laid back, "Time to put those big ole hands on me Martin." She reaches to sip her wine before sitting it back down. Marjorie did the same. She however downed the remainder of her glass. Motioning for Sahseej the oil bottle flowed freely. Within twenty minutes both Mother's were left to toast under a harsh sun. Well oiled on both sides. Martin and Sahseej scowl at one another.
"I guess we do good work. Maybe we should start a massage parlor." Martin grins.
"We should let them rest. It will be good for them to sleep off the wine."
"Sounds like a plan." Martin nods then lowers his gaze to the kids, "Molly? How would you like to learn how to navigate a boat?"
Her eyes bulge at the thought, "May I Father?"
"You may. I must locate the restroom."
Motioning at the ocean Martin chuckles, "Hang it over the side Bucko. Who's going to see ya?" He then points at the stairs, "Below deck to your left. Nathan and Caleb can keep an eye on the lobster fest over here."
"I'll show Mister Indrabooty the restroom. I'm getting good at playing tour guide." Kayla jumps up her breasts bouncing about. Halting their dance with her palms Martin gives his blessing with a directional motion of both hands. Hesitantly Sahseej follows Kayla, her ass swaying with enthusiasm.
As they headed downstairs Martin reaches down and grabs Molly by the arm dragging her to her feet. Hand in hand he led her up to the wheel shack. Reaching it he turns her to face the old style ship's wheel and plants her hands around the ten and two o'clock spokes. Brushing up against her from behind Martin whispers, "Your hands do not leave those handles."
"As you wish Captain."
"Captain? I like that. Let's peel this skimpy ass bikini off you." He bends guiding her thong down to her ankles and lets her step out of it. He then dangles it over the forward controls. Bikini top untied he droops it next to the bottoms. From there he drops his cargo pants and fondles his beast to life. Taunting her by creasing his crown up and down her butt crack, "Might be some stormy seas ahead"
"I will hold on for dear life."
"Damn Kid I love your spunk."
"You love my pussy more."
"Could be." He nudges his crown deep between her legs and enters her slick pussy with very little struggle. Fucking her from behind he reaches around and grips both tits squeezing them. Smelling her raven hair sent him into a steady thrust, "You smell good Kid."
"Your daughter's perfume."
"Thought I recognized it."
"She will keep my Father below deck."
"That's the plan."
"Caleb and Nathan are playing with My Mother and your Wife." She peers out over the deck through the plexiglass window.
"You object to that?"
"Yes, but I will not voice my opinion further. I find it disrespectful."
"Any more disrespectful than you being our little slut behind your parent's back?"
"That is quite different. I do this for Caleb."
"You're in love with my boy ain'tcha?"
"Something stirs within me yes. I have not known love to understand it. You feel quite lovely inside me Sir."
"Call me Dad."
"Should it not be Daddy?"
"Sure go for it."
"If you would please fuck me harder Daddy."
"You're something else."
"I am being me."
He fucks her harder lifting her hips until her toes barely touch the floor. Her moans intensifying she watches Nathan sucking on his Mother's revealed nipple. It made her tense. Caleb however had gracefully fingered her Mother by pulling her bottoms aside. That made Molly pout.
"Caleb likes my Mother more than he does me."
"Naaa! He's just infatuated. Trust me he'd be a fool to let you go."
"I rather like being his."
"His plaything or his girlfriend?"
"Am I not both? I am uncertain."
"I guess so. I think you like being his toy. Getting to show off for him."
"I do indeed."
"You like Daddy's big ole cock in that darling lil twat?"
"Yes. Will I be your plaything even if Caleb and I grow closer?"
"Like being my future Daughter in Law?"
"Yes."
"I might fuck you on your wedding day. You okay with that?"
"I will leave my veil on for Captain Daddy."
"You're too much Sweetcheeks." He winces at the deck, "What the hell are those two freaks up too?"
"I believe they wish to see our Mother's perform what is called 68."
"69." Martin growls, "If they wake up we might as well head home."
"They are drugged are they not? I saw Nathan slip something into their wine."
"Yeah. Safer for us to play and not get caught. You mad?"
"Your body is shaking. Will you be cumming soon Captain Daddy?"
"Getting close."
"I will await." She quivers at her own brewing orgasm. For now all she could do was watch Caleb and Nathan be despicable. They were now taking pictures with their cell of the women acting as if they were eating each other out. To make matters worse the women were somewhat aware. Yet, in such a drugged state they had no true understanding of their actions.
Below deck Kayla had lured Sahseej into the sleeping cabins and made a bunk their personal playpen. She stripped his pants down to his knees and mounted the good Doctor riding his beast while planting her palms on his chest.
"Did you really want to stop fucking me?"
"This must be our last time. I love my Wife. My daughter would be crushed."
"You can't stop looking at me." She leans forward playfully teasing her nipples on his chest. Further still to kiss him on the lips. He devoured her mouth and left her breathless. Her hips riding tenderly. As their lips part she whispers, "You don't want to stop making love to me." He growls and forcefully rolls her over while fucking her harder than she was him. Her emotions led to moans. Her palms caressing his chest and face at the same time.
Snarling at her he concludes, "NO! I do not want to end this. Yet, I must."
"Cum inside me."
"I cannot."
"Do it." She stares as if begging.
"I CANNOT!" He counters a second time.
"Mark your territory."
He pounds her interior harder than ever before, her legs swaying to both sides of him. He was on a crusade it seemed. Lost in thought until the last possible second. A ball of sweat he pulls out of her pussy in a messy web to kneel atop of her and jerk off. A scalding pepper coats her tummy and chest. Squealing she rubs her clit with her left hand and smears his cum with her right. All over her she felt droplets shower her. Finally she cries out in a maddening orgasm that squirts over his emptied balls. It was remarkable. Exhausted he drops over to her left and lets her cuddle with him.
"You marked a lot of territory there." She wheezes.
"Why is it you wish for me to possess you?" He stares at the ceiling.
"I liked it when you followed me that day. When I gave you my panties."
"I must confess that I kept them very close to me at all times."
"Smell me at work between patients?" She giggles.
"If you must know."
"When we met again I knew it was destiny. I was meant to be your slut."
"My slut? Is that what you wish to be?"
"Ohhhh yeah! Make me do it all Doc." She sits up and stares deeply into his eyes. For a moment he forgot his name let alone that he was married.
"You would do anything I asked?"
"Don't ask silly. Order me." She taunts his chest hair inching strands tight for a painful enlightenment.
"I will consider this."
"No. You will make me your slave. I know you want that." She hints with a wink.
Nodding shallowly he stares deeply into her eyes before rolling her over him on to her back. Straddling her he grips her throat with both hands tightly claiming her breath. Her eyes flare at his aggression, almost begging him to take complete control. Her air fleeting, face turning blue she whimpers. Finally he releases her to catch her breath, "Fine! Get dressed. Wear my ejaculation. We must keep this quiet I will not lose my Wife and Daughter."
"Anything you want Sir." She smiles with watery eyes. Choking she trembles until he reaches down gripping her by the hair and lifting her upper body in order to kiss her. He literally bit her lip before tugging on it until he decided release was imminent.
"I must check on my Wife."
Crawling from the bunk he pulls his pants up then his shirt down. Standing he leers down at her. Sahseej left her laying naked. As he headed upstairs she kicked her arms and legs triumphantly. Feeling her neck she smiled, "Not a hicky but definitely a bruise. I'll blame it on Nathan later."
On the deck Nathan and Caleb had decide by their reactions maybe they needed to part the Mother's. Caleb hated to end things so quickly but nerves were making them panicky. If the Mom's revived too soon in their position all hell would break loose. Agreeing they guided their Mother off of Marjorie. Rolling her over on Molly's earlier towel they readjusted her bikini and left her to sleep it off. At least they placed her on her back face up to even her tan.
Moving to Marjorie, Caleb's temptations became too great. He had to sample the product. Pulling her bikini bottoms aside to admire her gently hairy puss he looks around him for safety. He wasn't certain how long Kayla could keep Sahseej down below. At least nudging Marjorie on to Kayla's discarded towel she was in a good position once she revived. Nathan stood back waiting to see what his Brother would end up doing. Caleb unzipped his cargo pants and pulled a massive erection free, bobbing in the warm ocean breeze. Scooting on his knees between her legs he at least rubs his crown amid her labia. Strangely he found her wetter than expected. His fingering must have worked her up on a subconscious level. Tempted to enter her he feels her leg quiver. Startled he puts his beast away and turns to zip up. This left Nathan to crouch and pull her bottoms back in place. Enough was enough. Just in time too. Sahseej arrived on deck to observe the boys sitting looking out at the ocean. Both had bulging eyes praying he hadn't seen them.
Suddenly a loud scream came from up above the deck. Sahseej turns to glare against the sun to see Molly and Martin. Molly had lost her mind with a maddening orgasm. Martin had just nutted inside her for a second time. Risky for sure but what was done was done. As Sahseej stepped back further for a better look. This time he spotted his daughter waving down at him smiling brightly. With a Captain's salute she reaches left to honk the ship's horn. Martin laughed as he pulled his cargo pants up. Another loud blare she laughed while standing there nude. Cum dripping down her inner thighs.
"Better put your bikini back on Spunky, before your Dad decides to come up here."
Hearing the horn Kayla joins Sahseej on the deck wearing his cum while walking over to her brothers. They note her speckled flesh and chuckle. Words unheard as Marjorie and Dayna both lift their heads groggily. Confusion at hearing the horn startled everyone. Feigning a headache from the sun both women ease back down to rest. The Boys bump fists at their fun.
Martin realized suddenly that Molly's bikini was in plain sight dangling in the breeze. Snatching it up he hands it to her.
"You told me to not leg go of the wheel."
Growling he bends helping her put on her bottoms. He raced the over her feet and up her legs. Snapping the bands into place he pats her bottom. Dancing in step she yells, "I AM THE CAPTAIN." She certainly was. Martin even took his cap off and placed it on her head. Using it as distraction he did his best in cupping her breasts before tying her strings behind her back. Once dressed he grips her shoulders.
"Better head down while he's shaking his head."
"Permission to give up my post?"
"I gave you my post."
"I most assuredly made you give it up."
"Looky there Cap'n, that's the first set of islands. Key West is just beyond. Fast three hours when you keep active."
"May I be an Island Hopper?"
"Oh you can bet you'll be hoppin' tonight."
"On you?"
"If I can arrange it."
"On Caleb?"
"Yep."
"On Nathan?"
"Sure knock yourself out." He laughs.
"May I wear a Lai?"
"Wrong island chain but maybe a pearl necklace."
"Yay! I will go hug my Father now."
Bouncing down the small set of steps Sahseej realizes her attire for the first time. She grew shameless throwing her arms around him. Sniffing at his clothing she looks up at him with her chin on his chest, "You smell of Kayla's perfume." That saved the day.
"Your bathing suit looks nice upon you." He was lying she could tell. Abandoning his waist she does a full circle on her toes letting him see he bands between her ass cheeks. She knew he would say nothing for fear she would question the scent further. Teeth gnashed he watched her slap her ass and dance away to drop down into Caleb's arms. She used him to cover her tracks. Those of Martin's as well.
Joining him Martin puts an arm around the shoulder of Sahseej.
"Key West Buddy. Time to party."
Unsettled by the events Marjorie repositions herself on the towel. Nobody bothered to notice one side of her bottoms came untied. Half of her thighs were hanging out. She would discover it herself and swear off wine. Joining an aware Dayna the two head below to shower the heat away from their gentle burns. This was becoming a habit.
Molly in Caleb's arms looks over at Kayla curiously, "I see a hicky."
"Yep! That's a hicky."
Kayla let her believe it.
The Tropics were getting hotter.