Even though I was 30, my parents insisted I attend their damn holiday party. There is a part of me that loves to put on a beautiful dress, have a few drinks, flirt with their old friends, and enjoy the evening. But last year, it had been so damn boring.
In the past, my "Uncle" Chester had always shown up. Chester as one of my fathers closest friends, a kind of dashing older man, still fit, still hot, and you know, still fucking chicks half his age. Not my actual uncle, but someone I had known since I was a kid. Although nothing had ever happened, the electricity between us had always gave the evening an edge, had always made me wet between my legs and given me something to masturbate about later. Even if the attraction was one-sided, I didn't give a fuck. It was something to spice up the party.
I assumed the party would suck but still indulged my parents. They loved to show me off, their successful daughter working for a Euro development organization, isn't she lovely? Isn't she brilliant and sweet and she'll listen to you talk for an hour about the Mediterranean cruise you took last year and nod and regular intervals and laugh about how you got lost on the subway in Madrid blah blah blah. Really, my parents are splendid people and I love them dearly, so I can deal with it for one evening.
I dealt with it better when Uncle Chester was there. I usually wore tight, lacy panties that bothered me some, just for the pleasure of the pressure when I crossed and uncrossed my legs. After a few drinks I might go into the bathroom and gasp at the hotness of it all, imagining him fucking me from behind over the marble sink.
Anyway, time to move on. As I dressed for the party this year, I allowed myself the fantasy of imagining Uncle Chester there, looking at me over the crowd like he wanted to fuck the shit out of me...
Before I dressed I decided to pleasure myself a little. I lay down on the bed and opened the drawer next to the bed. Fuck if was going to return to the states without my vibrator. I put a condom over it (easier clean up) and rubbed a dollop of lube over my pussy. I was already turned on enough that it felt good to touch myself. I turned on the vibrator and rubbed it on my clit. With the right pressure and my imagination, it might only be a couple minutes before I came.
I began slowly, gently, and thought about Uncle Chester. It was one of my favorite fantasies, fucking him on a boat. I imagined myself in a white bikini and him sitting on a bench on in his shorts. "Come over here, sweetie," he would tell me. "Come over here and sit on my lap."
In the fantasy I sit on his lap and I can feel his cock harden under me. He pulls aside my bikini top and begins to play with my tits. "So nice," he says, "I bet they taste nice." He sucks on my nipples.
"Why don't you suck on me?" he asks, pushing off his lap and guiding me to my knees. He pushes my head down into his crotch. "I bet you would like to suck on me some, wouldn't you?" I pull open his shorts and start to lick his cock. "Don't lick it, baby. Suck on it."
The fantasy is making my hips shake and it's not far until I orgasm. All I have to do to put myself over the edge is imagine him saying, "You don't care if my friends watch, do you, sweetie?" I came loudly, gasping, my pussy tightening.
After I come I know it won't take but a second until I come again, but I know my mother wants me to be ready early and this was all I needed, just one release before I get ready. I put the vibrator away and stood up from the bed. I shook out my blonde hair. I like to come like this before I go to a party. I feel like it brings some color to my face and relaxes me.
I chose a nice dress for the party. Nothing too flashy, because you always want the guests to shine. Just plain black, it hit me above the knees. Straight across the collarbone in front, with a low open back, dipping to just above my ass crack. I have a lovely figure, tall and shapely but not too skinny and the dress was sexy without being crass. It was low enough in the back that I couldn't wear normal nylons and had to wear a garter belt instead. Rolling the thigh-highs up my legs made me feel deliciously wicked, and I decided to go without underwear just for the thrill.
I wandered over to the bathroom to do my makeup. I don't wear a lot makeup, since I have a good complexion and I prefer to look natural. Just a dash of eyeliner and some mascara. I finished the look with some dark red lipstick. Since the dress was plain and I wasn't wearing much makeup, the lipstick wasn't overkill. My chin length blonde hair was parted on the side, sweeping across my face.
Earrings, earrings. I would at least need some earrings. I unrolled the little jewelry container I brought with me. I love jewelry, but I also like really nice stuff and I'm picky about it. I chose gold hoops. A little bit big, a little bit sexy, but still thin and pretty. I also grabbed an emerald ring in a gold setting that my mom gave me. Very festive for the holidays.
As I walked out my room I slipped into a pair of black heels. Four inches, putting me at almost 6'3". My mother is always advising me to wear lower heels because men don't like to be towered over. "How are you going to attract a nice guy when you look like an Amazon?" She had asked in the past. The way I look at it, if a man can't handle me in a pair of four inch heels, it's not going work out anyway.
I made my way carefully down the staircase. I could hear my mom in the other room, directing the caterers, giving last minute instructions to the quartet. I headed into the room her voice was coming from.
"Well, aren't you looking grown-up?" I heard his voice behind me.
I turned, surprised. "Uncle Chester?"
"Aren't you a little old to call me that?" He asked, ambling towards me. He was dressed in charcoal suit, white shirt, no tie. He wasn't one to get with the whole tie thing.
"What are you doing here?" I was still surprised to see him. I just assumed he wouldn't be here. He was still moving closer to me, and my heart was beating a little faster, my pussy was starting to get hot. Fuck. I hadn't planned on this.
"I don't think your parents would like to hear you talk to a guest like that," he said with a slow smile. "You're almost as tall as I am." He frowned and looked me up and down. He was close enough that I could smell his cologne and his scent. It was intoxicating.
"Taller," I grinned back at him. "When you didn't show last year I figured you were done with this shindig."
"You're not taller than me." He moved even closer to me. We were inches apart.
"What the hell are you two doing?" Came my father's voice from the top of the steps. He had a glass of whiskey in one hand.
"Your little girl thinks she's taller than me in those damn heels." Chester explained.
"Stand back to back," my father instructed. We turned. I had this feeling that both Chester and my father were getting a kick out of this. "He's taller, sweetie. Sorry."
"That's fine," I said, "if it makes you both feel better to pretend he's taller I'm okay with that." They both laughed as I walked away.
My heart was still beating as looked for my mother. She came out of the kitchen, looking chic in her black pants and white silk top. It was open enough just to see the top of her breasts, and sheer enough I could see that lacy camisole underneath. Damn, mom, I thought, you still got it.
"Lena, you look lovely," she said, inspecting my outfit. "Even in those heels." She paused to allow my obligatory eyeroll. "Will you do me a favor and wait in the foyer in case people start to show up? I know it's early but you know, some of the old folks will be here soon."
"Speaking of old folks, Uncle Chester is already here. I didn't know he was coming." I probed delicately for some gossip on him.
"First of all, Chester is not old. He's younger than your father. Why do you still call him that? The boys just call him Chester. And yes, he called your father a couple weeks ago. I guess he broke up with that woman he was with, the one he met in the Cayman's. Apparently they were living together and the end was quite dramatic. As if that was going to last," she said, putting her hands on her hips. She was so serious I almost laughed. "I don't know what he's thinking. The young ones are fine for a good time, but for heaven's sake don't move in with them!"
Now I did laugh. My mom, for all her properness, just advocated banging younger people for the fun of it. But some interesting info nonetheless...the tingling and wetness returned to between my legs.
"What's so funny? It's true." She threw up her hands. "I don't have time for this. Go stand the foyer." She acted strict but I know she was pleased with herself for being funny.
I grabbed a drink for the bar. My personal fav: whiskey and ginger ale. I had them make it weak. My parents would kill me if I got sloppy drunk, but I needed a buzz.
Standing in the foyer sipping my drink, I could hear low rumbles from my dad's study. Glass clinking, laughter. Uncle Chester and my dad were catching up.
Around five the guests started to trickle in, at six they were pouring in. By that time there were enough people that I didn't have to greet people anymore. I wandered into the party, wondering where Chester was. In my quest to find him, I encountered a half dozen people with whom I had to converse. "Oh Mrs. Dewell, your son traveled in Paris after college? No I didn't see him." Not to mention I work in Berlin. "Oh cousin Lenny, I'm so happy your retirement is going well." Even though you never actually appeared to work a day in your life.
As much as I bitch, it's a great party with great people and I'm happy to dress up and talk to people once a year like this. It will drive a woman to drink though.
I desperate need to a break so I got a whiskey from the bar and slipped into my dad's study. I closed the door. The quietness was heaven. I sat on the leather couch with my feet up on the coffee table, sipping the whiskey on ice. I sighed and let my head fall back against the couch.
I heard the door open and turned to see who it was. I assumed it was my father. It was Chester.
"Chester!" I exclaimed.
"Am I bothering you? It looks like you need a moment to relax," he said politely.
I sat up a bit and took my feet off the coffee table. I crossed my legs. "No, come in. I didn't mean to be so abrupt to you when I first ran into you. I was just surprised to see you. I'm glad you came." My heart was beating wildly; I took another sip of whiskey.
Uncle Chester laughed. "I didn't think anything of it. I was just giving you a hard time." He smiled and it was so attractive. "You can put your feet back up on the table. I know it's hard work to be a hostess and to stand in high heels." He sunk down into the couch next to me.
I grinned and returned my feet to the coffee table. It didn't escape me that he enjoyed watching me uncross my legs and stretch them out across the dark wood. I was getting horny. "Actually, if you don't think it's too rude, I might kick my shoes off for a minute."
"Whatever makes you feel good," he said. Fuuuuuuuck. My pussy throbbed. I pulled one knee up and ran my heeled foot down my calf, easing the shoe off. Same on the other side. I could feel his eyes on my legs, my knees, the edge of my skirt when I did that. I drained my glass.
"Fuck," I said, slowly. He looked at me, surprised and confused. I smiled at him. "I think I need another drink." I got up and headed towards my dad's desk, giving Uncle Chester a full view of my mostly naked back. The dress scooped from the shoulders almost to the crack of my ass, showing off my toned back. I heard him shift on the couch and wondered if he was getting a hard-on.
I bent over and opened a cabinet. "Do you know where he keeps the whiskey?" I asked.
As I had hoped, Uncle Chester headed over to help me. I stood up as he neared me. He up into a cabinet next to the window and pulled out a bottle and another glass. He put his glass right next to mine and poured us each a glass.
"Lena, you've grown up so much. Your dad told me that you're doing great at work." He held my glass out to me. "Cheers."
We clinked glasses and each took a sip. I had no idea where the conversation was going, and all I could think about was fucking him. I took my lipstick out of my clutch and reapplied it.
"My mom told me never to apply lipstick in front of company, but you're family, right?" I asked, teasing him a little.
"She probably told you that because it's so fucking sexy," he replied bluntly. "She doesn't want you getting into trouble."
"Sometimes trouble is fun." I looked at him questioningly, as if daring him to make a move.
He put is drink down on the sideboard. "I can get you into some trouble." He stepped closer to me. I didn't break eye contact with him.
I leaned a little closer to him, looking up into his face. Without the heels, he was definitely taller than me. "I know a few things about trouble myself." My pussy felt like it was going to drop out of my body. He surely had a hard on. He looked a little flushed.
He put his hands on my waist. "Are you sure you wanna get into this?" He asked. In response, I stood on my tiptoes and kissed him. I pressed into him and he held me tighter. I felt his hard cock pressing into my stomach.
I put my lips near his ear. "Now that I'm a grown-up, I can talk to you like a grown-up, right Uncle Chester?" He nodded. "I want you to fuck me," I whispered.
"Jesus," he groaned. "I will." His lips found mine again and we kissed. I sucked on his lips and when he put his tongue in my mouth, I sucked it like I would a dick.
He was moving us towards the big chair that faced the door. "Wait," I pulled away from him for a minute. "We need protection."
"Got it covered," he smiled, moving towards my father's desk. I closed my eyes and didn't think about why there were condoms in my father's desk and why Uncle Chester knew exactly where they were. He started to open to condom and I took it from him.
"Sit down," I told him, and he did.
I knelt between his legs and unzipped his pants. He cock strained under his boxers. I freed it and rubbed my fingers up and down its length. I looked up at him, innocently, sweetly. "What should I do with it?" I asked, my head cocked to the side.
"Put it in your mouth," he whispered.
"And do what? Just put it there?" I pretended to be confused, looking at him with wide eyes.
Uncle Chester closed his eyes for a second and opened them. "Suck on it. Suck my cock, Lena."
"Like this?" I asked, looking at him, rubbing the swollen head of his dick on my tongue.
"Suck on it like a lollipop, sweetie, and put more if it in your mouth." Now he was getting into the swing of things, putting his hand on the back on my head and pushing his cock into my mouth. My pussy was wet and hot.
I gave up the game and sucked his cock. My head up, swirling around the shaft and I came but down. I used my hand when it wasn't all the way in my mouth. It was a wet mess. I sucked his cock slowly, enjoying the feel in my mouth. I felt it swell and strain in my mouth and looked up at him.
"What else can we do?" I asked.
"How about you sit on my lap? You can face me and we can do all sorts of fun things." I rolled the condom down his dick and he quickly pulled his pants down to his ankles. He slid he hands up my thighs and gasped when he got to the top of the thigh highs. He went further, bringing his hands in so his thumbs touched my bare pussy. He knew I wasn't wearing underwear.
He looked up at me. "I'm going to teach you to fuck me."
Uncle Chester moved his left hand down the back of my thigh, to the crook of my knee. I put my head back and groaned. He moved my knee onto the chair next to him, and I fell forward, my hands on his shoulders. He did the same with the other knee and I was straddling him.
His hands went back up my skirt and he squeezed my hips. "Lower your pussy down onto my cock, sweetie," he whispered, looking into my eyes. "You can go slow. I know it might hurt." Slowly, slowly, I moved down until his cock was touching the opening of my cunt. I wanted it all inside me that second but I went slow, very gently sliding up and down. "It's nice, isn't it?" He asked.
He pushed his body down a little, giving me more access to his cock. "Sit back a second," he instructed, and when I did, his cock went deeper. I inhaled, sharply. He reached forward and pulled the dress from my shoulders. My naked breasts, nipples hard, were inches from his face. He took one in each hand and squeezed them. I groaned again and pushed myself further onto his dick.
"Do you like it?" He asked.
"Yes," I whispered.
"Be polite," he said, squeezing my nipples between his fingers, bouncing me on his cock a little. "Speak nicely."
"Yes, I like it," I moaned. Wetter, my pussy kept getting wetter. My face was hot. I thought I might come soon.
"Lena!" He said sharply, pinching my nipples and squeezing my tits together, pushing his dick into me. "What do you like?"
I moaned. "I like your cock inside me. I like it when you play with my tits like that. You cock feels so good." All this talk was making me want to come. I started to rock a little faster, picking up tempo.
"I want you to come on my cock, and I'm going to come at the same time. Do you want that too?" Uncle Chester asked.
I nodded. I was starting to sweat. His hands squeezed my tits, playing with the nipples. He kept his hold on my nipples and used it to speed me up. I was so close. "What would you do if your Daddy came in here and saw this?" He asked, and the flush rose in my face. "Do you like the idea of your Daddy seeing you fuck Uncle Chester?" I pushed down hard on his cock and gasped as I orgasmed. I could feel his cock throb as he came.
I had fallen into him when I came, my tits pressed against his face. I pulled away from him and he grinned and me. "You do know a thing or two about trouble," he said as I climbed off him.
I just smiled and looked around, feeling wobbly. I pulled my dress up over my tits and down over my pussy. Even though I was soaking between the legs and needed to pee, I just laid down on the couch for a moment, closing my eyes and throwing my arm over my eyes. "Whew. I need a moment."
I heard him pull a few tissues out of the box on my Dad's desk. Then the sound of him zipping up his pants. I heard him close to me and I peeked out from under my arm.
He leaned over me. "You're not upset are you?" He asked. "I didn't mean to take advantage of you." He really looked concerned.
"Yes. I just had an amazing orgasm after that hot fuck and I'm furious," I replied with a straight face. He smiled and he eyes widened as we heard the door open. I sat up to see who it was.
"Once again, what the hell are you two doing?" Asked my father from the doorway.
"I'm trying to revive your poor daughter who is torturing herself with these silly heels," Chester replied smoothly. I just shrugged.
"Well, get up. There's plenty more party to be had." He slammed the door shut. Uncle Chester kissed me.
I swung my feet around and reached for my heels. He waited and we walked towards to door.
I stopped with my hand on the doorknob. "You know, Uncle Chester, the guest bedroom has a bathroom that connects to my room." I smiled invitingly. "If you wanted to stick around a bit I'm sure we could find more time for trouble."
"Sounds marvelous," he replied. I opened the door and we headed back into the party.