Carol shifted uncomfortably on her chair, trying to find a position that didn't put pressure on the tail-shaped buttplug that Adam had insisted she wear. The atmosphere at lunch was tense. Probably because of the night before.
From the first night, the boys had made it clear that the plan was for all four of them to engage in group sex on a nightly basis after their individual sessions were done. But it quickly became clear that personality clashes would make group sex difficult.
Last night, Adam brought one of his anal props to the living room for their foursome. Not just any butt plug either, but one in the shape of a fluffy, upturned dog tail. He had excitedly proclaimed that Carol's anal training had come far enough that her butt hole could handle the extra weight of the dog tail toy.
Tory hadn't been very impressed. He never had much patience for Adam's displays of dominance, and this was no exception. For a second, Carol had been afraid that it would come to blows.
Luckily, Ryan had somehow defused the situation. And before she knew it, Carol was riding Ryan's cock, while jacking off the other two men, one in each hand. The anger and tension had rolled in waves off the two men on each side of her and added a frightening layer of danger to the gangbang.
Adam, being his old predictable self, had obnoxiously tried to pull her attention away from Tory and make himself the focus by thrusting into her hand, maintaining a constant stream of dirty talk, and even trying to pressure her into a blowjob. Finally, Tory had snapped at Adam, telling him that he was dogshit at group sex, and everyone had stormed off to their separate rooms for the night.
Carol suspected that group sex sessions probably wouldn't be happening anymore.
Adam had taken his frustrations from last night out on Carol this morning, and once again she was sticky with jizz, conspicuously marked by Adam and sent down as a taunt to the other boys. As usual, Tory and Ryan tried to ignore the arrogant display of Adam's dominance, pretending nothing was wrong. Carol couldn't decide if she wanted them to call Adam out and force him to be nicer, or if she preferred that they stay out of it. No matter what they did, Carol herself certainly wouldn't be able to speak up.
The doorbell rang.
All four of them paused and turned their heads toward the entryway. Ryan's eyes flicked toward Tory. "Salesman?" he asked with a quizzical tone.
Tory shook his head. "When was the last time you saw a door-to-door salesman, dumbass?"
Adam rolled his eyes at the other two and stood, headed toward the stairs. The other three looked at each other for a moment, then stood and followed him. By the time they caught up, Adam was already peering down through one of the front windows. "Old dude," he said matter-of-factly, "With a clipboard. I don't recognize him." Carol looked over his shoulder.
Shit.
Adam might not recognize the older man on the front steps, but she did. Barney Haskell. The man she had met her first day on the job as an RA. "Oh fuck," she said faintly, "The university housing official."
All three boys stared at her in disbelief. Ryan was the first one to recover. "And why is he here, Carol?"
"I... I don't know," Carol admitted. She had been so distracted lately she hadn't been checking her university email very often, which was Mr. Haskell's preferred method of communication. Come to think of it, Carol had been letting a lot of things slip lately. She wondered if it might be a good idea to check her grades...
Tory called her back to reality with a sharp clap of his hands. "Ok, well, without knowing why he's here, we can't safely ignore him," he said with decisive authority. "Carol, hustle upstairs and throw on some clothes to go see what he wants. He's probably here to meet with you after all. We three boys will get put on some clothes and hide out in our rooms. Ok?" He looked around at the other three, for now he played the part of the confident fraternity president once again. Ryan, Adam, and Carol nodded.
By the time Carol threw open the front door, Barney was halfway to his car, preparing to leave with a sour expression. When he saw Carol was finally there, he sighed and tapped his fingers against his clipboard in annoyance. "I'm a busy man Miss Moehn. My email specifically said nine-thirty on the dot," he said peevishly, brushing past Carol into the entryway of the frat house.
"Oh, I, uh..." said Carol, blushing and feeling foolish, "I'm s-sorry sir. I must have forgotten."
Barney raised an eyebrow and gave her an unimpressed look. "You forgot the walkthrough audit? I have to say that I'm shocked, Miss Moehn. I hope you're aware that this evaluation isn't just intended to measure the effectiveness of the program as a whole, but your job performance as well," he said sharply.
Carol felt like a deer in the headlights. She suddenly remembered reading about this in the onboarding materials. The program was supposed to go through a complete audit during the first semester to measure its success and determine if the placement of RAs at frat houses would continue. But when she read the documents that first day, the audit had felt so far away that she didn't even worry about it. And since then she had been a little distracted. "Oh, well, what I meant to say was that I forgot the specific time!" she said desperately.
"Uh-huh," grunted Barney. "The first part of the audit is a short interview. One of the top priorities of this pilot program is for you to act as a good role model." Barney's eyes slowly traced down Carol's body. Carol's face turned pink in mortification. She had thrown on the first clothes she had been able to find in her room, but all of her clothes were slutty these days. She wore a stomach-baring cami top with 'Yes, Daddy!' printed in sparkly letters on the tight pink fabric stretched over her braless tits. For bottoms, she wore tight black spandex shorts, so tiny that half of her ass cheeks hung out. These sorts of clothes felt normal to her now. They even seemed modest considering that she spent most of her time in the house naked. But the disparaging glare of her boss was making her realize anew how revealing and slutty her clothes really were.
Barney's eyes finally made their way back up the her face. "Would you say you've been a good role model, Carol?"
Carol stood looking at her feet, tongue-tied and ashamed. Barney's critical glare said it all. She had been placed here to rein in the frat boys, but instead she had become their slutty pet. It was all to serve the Divine, but Mr. Haskell wouldn't understand that. If she tried to explain, he would just see her as a stupid little bimbo slut. This was the worst time possible to get turned on, but arousal and humiliation were so deeply entwined in Carol's mixed-up brain at this point that she could feel herself growing wet.
Barney shook his head at her awkward silence and viciously scribbled a note on his clipboard. "As you know, meetings to communicate policies are mandatory on at least a monthly basis," said Barney sharply. "Please describe your last meeting and how you covered the topics I communicated by email."
"W-well, um, I actually missed the most recent meeting because..." said Carol shakily. If she remembered correctly, she called one meeting shortly after she moved in. No one had shown up, and shortly after that, she had gotten distracted by her first mission from the Divine. She hadn't even attempted to call a meeting after that, and Barney's emails sat unread in her inbox. Another answer that made her look stupid. In theory, this interview should be humiliating. She was failing in a spectacular fashion that clearly highlighted her incompetence.
So why was it her making her so fucking turned on?
Barney shook his head and decisively checked a box on his clipboard. "Another major goal of the program is to reduce incidents of physical violence among frat brothers. Describe one time that you de-escalated a conflict between residents."
"I stopped a physical fight between two of the brothers," said Carol, feeling a little relieved. She was on firmer ground with this one: she was something she had genuinely accomplished.
"Ok, how?" said Barney skeptically, giving her an impatient "go on" gesture.
"I... Well, I..." Carol's face grew redder. She had actually stopped the fight by pressing her tits into Adam's arm and acting like a scared little girl. But she suspected that giving Barney the truth would not help her evaluation. Even if she did manage to tell him her slutty conflict resolution strategy, it would only make her look even more like a pathetic little airhead. Carol tried to think up a convincing lie, but she was getting so flustered and turned on by her show of incompetence that she couldn't think of anything.
Barney grimaced and made another checkmark on his clipboard. "Well... let's just move on to the walkthrough," he mumbled darkly, striding past the pathetic stuttering slut in front of him to examine the house.
It didn't go well.
The bags filled with cans and bottles in the kitchen raised hard-to-answer questions about how Carol enforced the rules on underage drinking.
Carol had no good answers for why she hadn't hung the posters of university regulations that had been given to her with her orientation materials.
But it all came apart when Barney started doing damage checks on the house. That's when he found the glory hole.
As he passed the downstairs bathroom, Barney froze, staring at the circular hole in the door with a look of disgusted horror on his face. "This had better not be what I think it is," said Barney stonily, his lip curling up into a sneer.
"N-no sir!" squeaked Carol. After enduring Barney's brutal evaluation for over an hour, she had entered a vicious cycle: shamed by her revealed incompetence, turned on by her shame, then further shamed by her arousal. At this point, she was trying desperately to conceal the fact that she had become a hot sticky mess from the humiliation of her poor performance review alone. "It's j-just a little joke. One of the frat boys made it for a party, and people think it's f-funny."
The glory hole really was mostly just a joke... Ok, Carol had given in the the boys begging and staffed it a few more times during parties since Halloween. But no more than six or seven cocks each time. It wasn't really that big of a deal. Carol inched to the side to try to cover the wall opposite the bathroom, but her strategy backfired, calling Barney's attention to the signature wall.
His mouth dropped open as he saw what had been written on the wall in Sharpie: Cum-Catching Carol's Wall of Shame! Sign your name if she swallowed your cum!
Below were over three dozen signatures, poorly blocked by Carol's body.
Barney's hands fell limply to his sides as he turned on his heel and started walking toward the entrance with a look of dazed disgust on his face.
"W-wait, sir!" said Carol desperately, blocking his progress with her body. "Where are you going? Is the walkthrough over?" It was a stupid question, but she needed to get him talking and gauge how much trouble she was in. Based on his silent reaction, she was worried it might be a lot.
Barney's dazed eyes snapped into focus, sharp with contempt. "Yes, Carol," he said in a voice usually reserved for five-year-olds. "The walkthrough is over. Your job is over. My job might be over. Not only did you fail to restrain the activities of this frat, but it seems like you have fully participated in their debauchery. I only hope that I can convince my bosses that this is due to your own personal failings rather than a problem with the system."
His words were harsh and his eyes judgemental. Carol realized with panic that he truly planned to torpedo this entire situation. Carol would be fired, with a black mark in her employment history. She would fail her divine mission, and the place of power would remain forever uncleansed without her help.
But Carol had noticed something when she had pressed up against Mr. Haskell to stop his progress: his words may be hard, but his cock was harder. The look of disgust on his face didn't tell the full story of his feelings toward Caroll. Mr. Haskell was a man after all, and he wasn't immune to Carol's slutty outfit, or the obscene images conjured by the glory hole and signature wall.
Carol had been trained well by the frat brothers over the past few months. Her body had become a slutty hammer, and every problem had started to look like a nail. Carol had learned a foolproof way to solve conflicts and change people's minds. Something that always worked with the frat brothers.
Carol slowly sank to her knees in front of Mr. Haskell, maintaining intense eye contact with her boss on the way down. The entire time, the knowledge burned bitterly inside her that she was only confirming his low opinion of her. She really was a stupid slut, Carol reflected painfully. She had failed utterly at her RA job.
And stupid sluts had just one way of making it all better.
Mr. Haskell looked down at her with a mixture of contempt and aroused fascination as she placed her hands pleadingly on his thighs and looked up at him with wide, submissive eyes. "Please, sir," she asked softly. "Can this just be our little secret?" Barney swallowed audibly as she unzipped his pants and pulled a thick, hairy cock from his fly, already stiff. He said nothing as Carol stared up at him with her big blue eyes and wrapped her lips around his prick.
She bobbed her head and swirled her tongue, bouncing slightly on her knees as she sucked off her boss in the hallway of the frat house. Carol had sucked so many cocks at this point that she was practically a connoisseur, but this had to be a new low. She was sucking cock to cover for her own pathetic failure; covering up her ineptitude at management and leadership with the skill she was truly good at. It made Carol shamefully aroused to realize that, despite her smug confidence in the beginning, she had proven herself unfit for a job as challenging as bringing the frat into line.
Maybe this is where she belonged instead: serving men on her knees.
Mr. Haskell finally broke the silence. "That's it slut," he said in a rough whisper. "Fucking take it. You know what? Show me your fucking tits." Carol, lost in the submissive haze of blowing a strange older man, did what she was told, rolling up her shirt to let her firm young tits bounce free, wobbling slightly with the rhythm of her enthusiastic blowjob.
"I knew you were a slut from the day you walked into my office," grunted Barney above her, gripping a handful of her brunette curls to roughly shove his cock deeper into her sweet mouth. "Why else would a pretty girl like you want to live in a house full of frat boys? Because you're hungry for cum, right?"
Carol popped free for a moment, red now not just from her deep humiliation, but from her exertion as well. "Yes sir!" she gasped hoarsely. "I'm so hungry for cum!" The frat boys had taught her to give men the dirty talk they wanted to hear, and agreeing with their demeaning words was second nature to her now.
Carol remembered that first day in Mr. Haskell's office. He had warned her that it was easy to fall into sexual relationships, and she had laughed at him and smugly said that had been impossible. Not only had Mr. Haskell been right, but Carol had fallen further and more completely than even he thought possible. The shame of her utter failure and degradation weighed on her as Barney reinserted his cock and used her mouth as a fleshlight. Barney saw her as a pathetic slut.
And he was completely right.
"Well if you're so hungry," grunted Barney, "Then I had better give you what you want. Get ready, Cum-Catching Carol. Here comes your favorite treat." He thrust one last time, pulling her head toward him to force her lips down to the base of his cock. Carol's nose nestled into her boss's thick pubic hair, and she could feel his cock pulse in her throat. For a long moment, Barney held her there, her lips tight on the base of his shaft, her nose filled with his sweaty musk, his thick cum spurting directly down into her stomach.
After what felt like an eternity, Barney released her head, allowing Carol to fall back on her butt, gasping for air. With a slightly softened, but still contemptuous look, Barney flicked some leftover cum down onto Carol's face, then turned his back.
"Mr. Haskell," Carol said timidly in a voice roughened by her throat fucking, "What h-happens now?"
Barney responded without looking at her. "What happens is I forge a new audit that shows you as halfway competent." he tore his awful performance review off of his clipboard and crumpled it into a ball.
"We'll both have to hope that no one checks up on you and realizes how useless you truly are."
With a cruel smile, Barney walked over to the signature wall and signed his name in an unreadable scrawl. Then he headed toward the door. As he passed, he patted Carol on the head and said, "Good luck with whatever you have going on here, slut. Call me if you're ever hungry for more than these frat boys can give you."
And then he left her there, panting on the floor with her tits out and a belly full of his cum.
The worst RA he had ever seen, and that was saying something.
...
Barney Haskell waited until he had driven a few blocks away from the frat house before bursting into laughter.
He wasn't sure exactly how the boys in that frat had managed to turn the smug frumpy young woman he met with in September into the red hot slut he had met today in just a few short months, but he had to commend their efforts. Carol had been transformed into a piece of ass that would make any man drool. There had to be some sort of evil genius in the frat if they had managed to pull that off.
Of course, Barney wasn't without a few tricks himself... He hadn't found it necessary to mention to Carol that the frat RA pilot program was almost certainly going to be scrapped immediately following Thanksgiving break. Which meant, of course, that a poor evaluation was very unlikely to matter either way as far as Carol was concerned.
So was it really necessary for the little slut to fall to her knees and suck off her supervisor for a better score?
Probably not, but that was Carol's problem, not Barney's.
In fact, poor Carol might not get the memo that the program was over at all. Barney would dutifully let her know in an email of course, but it looked like she didn't read those anyway. As far as Carol would know, Barney would continue to be her boss. And if Carol was willing to swallow his cum to sweep her incompetence under the rug, maybe she would be willing to do it again.
Maybe she would be willing to do even more than that if her Boss was disappointed enough in her.
...
It was three days after Carol had narrowly dodged a massive scandal from the University Housing Office. The crazy, tense week of sexual servitude was drawing to a close, and the sessions with the boys had formed a sort of natural rhythm.
Tory had continued to arrange increasingly daring exhibitionist games for them all over campus during his sessions. Each game included a real risk of being caught, and there had been a few close calls. Carol still felt her heart pound and a silly grin cross her face whenever she remembered them. Her mission meant that Carol had to play along with Tory no matter what, but she had to admit that she loved the kinky games. They made her feel alive, and unlike with the other boys, her time with Tory always made her feel like he was right there with her, submitting himself to the same risk and humiliation. It was fun and exciting, and made her look forward to her next session with Tory each time they finished.
The same couldn't be said for her sessions with Adam. Carol always felt a thrill of fear whenever it was time for her to visit Adam for his one-on-one time. His sessions were all similar: rough physical domination paired with intense anal training and filthy, demeaning dirty talk. But despite how degraded and inferior her training with Adam made her feel, despite how nervous it made her to walk slowly through the house to Adam's door, all of those negative emotions were entwined deeply with submissive lust. Just thinking about Adam's arrogant voice, his rough, self-centered style in bed, and his possessive obsession with her asshole made Carol feel weak and wet and hot down to her core.
And Ryan... Ryan was still working on his little mind game.
They had finished sending a personalized explicit photo to each frat boy who had gone home for break after their second session. Ryan had instead begun focusing on his strange sexual obsession with her high school friend Brady.
An obsession that Carol had slowly come to share.
Carol slowly realized over the course of the week that Ryan was the type of man who was primarily aroused by visual stimuli. Right now, Ryan had Carol in one of his favorite positions. She stood in front of a full-length mirror completely naked while Ryan stood behind her, reaching around her to play with her body. Putting on a show for them both.
"Tell me more about your high school sweetheart," whispered Ryan in her ear, predictably turning the topic back to the twisted game that he wanted her to play.
"H-he's not my sweetheart," said Carol defensively, feeling her nipples shamefully stiffen at the mere mention of Brady. Ryan's dirty talk about him had been relentless, and now thinking about him immediately made her horny, even though there was no logical reason for it. "We were just friends. He had a crush on me senior year, but I let him down easy. That's the whole story. I've told you this before!" she whined as Ryan's hands relentlessly caressed the curves of her body.
"And how did he treat you?" continued Ryan, his hands rubbing softly up and down her hips. "How did he show his... friendship?"
Carol frowned, glancing up at Ryan's eyes in the mirror. This was a new line of questioning. "He was really sweet," said Carol cautiously. "He was always buying me little gifts, asking how I was doing, and helping me out whenever I needed anything."
Ryan chuckled darkly. "Carol, I'm sorry to tell you this, but poor, inadequate Brady didn't just suddenly catch feelings for you senior year. He was desperate for you from the beginning. He probably jerked himself raw on a nightly basis for years dreaming about..." Ryan's hands slid up her body, firmly kneading her breasts, making Carol moan slightly in the back of her throat "Your perfect breasts..." His hand slid swiftly down to clutch and feel between her thick thighs, "Your tight pussy..." His free hand reached up to turn her head. His mouth roughly met her gasping lips, thrusting his tongue within dominantly. Finally, he pulled away, leaving a glistening strand of saliva. "...and your sweet kiss. But he never got any of those things. Why?"
"I... I didn't want those things," whimpered Carol, turning her face to the side to hide from her slutty reflection in the mirror. "It wasn't his fault. I've never been interested in dating or sex." Ryan's confident fingers were working themselves deep into her increasingly wet pussy, which was beginning to make embarrassingly squelchy noises.
"But that was a lie," whispered Ryan, "To him, and to yourself." He used his free hand to force Carol's eyes forward. And she saw what he meant when she locked eyes with the pathetic girl in the reflection. There was no confident, aloof woman here, focusing on higher spiritual matters. Just a juicy slut, spreading her thick, rounded thighs wider to allow a man's hand better access, her wide hips humping and grinding eagerly. Her nipples were erect on her gently wobbling tits, and her face was an open-mouthed, blushing parody of bimbofied, hypersexual femininity. A picture-perfect ditzy nympho eagerly giving her body to a man who wasn't even a boyfriend.
"So what's the real reason that Brady couldn't get all this?" prompted Ryan with an evil grin.
Carol knew what he wanted to hear. And by this point, the idea that he had drilled into her brain turned her on as well. "Because... B-because he wasn't good enough," she whimpered, her hips grinding hard into Ryan's hand. "I needed real men to show me the pleasure of being a slut, and Brady wasn't m-man enough."
Ryan chuckled. Finally, Carol had come around to his way of thinking. He reached down with slow, easy confidence and pressed Carol's phone into her unresisting hand. "Why don't we look at that photo that we took?" he suggested, his voice dripping with amusement. Carol didn't even bother pulling it up in her photo roll. She opened her empty chat log with Brady and selected the dirty nude under 'send photo". It filled the screen, with the blue 'send" button below it.
Carol didn't pose for the picture intending to send it to Brady, but it was perfect for that purpose. Her legs with slightly spread, with one slim hand just barely concealing her pussy. She clutched her breasts tightly, hiding the nipples but causing her tits to squish alluringly over the top and bottom of her arm. Her face was intended to be sexy and playful, but Carol knew that there was only one way Brady would read her expression in this context: mocking.
"Have you been thinking about sending it to him, like I told you to?" murmured Ryan as Carol focused on the obscene photo.
"Yessss," she hissed in pleasure.
"Tell me. What do you think of the idea?" pushed Ryan, intensifying his assault on her most intimate areas. "It's wroooong," moaned Carol in despair. "And cruel, and not what he deserves. But it... It's fucking hot ok? It's hot to think about sending him the photo and breaking his fucking heart!"
"Why?" asked Ryan triumphantly, reveling in his victory. 'Why is it so hot to betray your sweet, trusting friend?"
"Because it shows how far I've fallen," gushed Carol in a shaky voice, riding the edge of orgasm. "Because it takes a sweet innocent part of my life and ruins it. Because as pathetic and submissive as I am, the fact that Brady couldn't have me makes him even more pathetic. Because showing someone who desperately wanted me how much of a slut I've become shames us both, and shame turn me on!"
"Well said," agreed Ryan with satisfaction. But I'm not the one you should be telling this." He reached down, swiped out of the 'send photo' screen, and pressed the green phone button next to Brady's name. Carol looked down in disbelief as the outgoing call screen pulled up.
"What? You want me to... right now?!?" The unexpected action sent floods of adrenaline through Carol, making her head light and her knees weak.
"Yes," said Ryan, running his hands over Carol's nude body. "I want you to catch up with an old friend. It's an order. But I'm not ordering you to say anything dirty. What you talk about is totally up to you. You could just make small talk... Or you could let him know that you've been living with and fucking a house full of frat boys. Totally up to you."
Carol stared down with apprehension at the ringing phone, her belly squirming and roiling. Maybe he wouldn't pick up...
The call connected.
Surprised, Carol quickly raised the phone to her ear. "CM!" came Brady's excited voice on the other end of the line, using his old favorite nickname for her, "I'm so glad you called! How have you been?" Hearing his voice sucked a little of the heat from the twisted fantasy Ryan had been pushing on Carol. She was immediately transported back to high school in her mind. She could see Brady's soft smile on his slightly pudgy face. Hear him laugh at one of her dumb jokes.
Maybe this whole dirty photo thing and breaking Brady's heart on purpose was silly. The sort of fetishy sexual fantasy that sounds hot in abstract, but that you would never actually want to do. Now that she was actually in a conversation with Brady, the idea of sexually degrading him felt foolish.
"I'm good, Brady," said Carol with genuine warmth. "It's been too long! I just wanted to call and catch up a little. How have things been going for you?"
Ryan's hand slowly began to move again between Carol's legs, providing an unwelcome erotic tinge to her thoughts. "Well, not so good I guess," said Brady with a self-deprecating chuckle. "I just got dumped by the girl I was seeing for a few months. That's me though, right? Always unlucky in love." The insistent waves of pleasure that Ryan's hand sent radiating up her belly were twisting Carol's thoughts... Maybe the reason Brady was so 'unlucky in love' was because he was a pathetic little wimp. One that women couldn't respect. Maybe it would actually be kinder to put Brady in his place a little. Show him where he really stood with the female gender. God, it would crush him even harder right now, while he was still stinging from another rejection.
It would be so, so evil...
Carol's eyes focused once again on her curvy, trembling body in the mirror, displayed and played with by a real man while Brady continued to whine at her over the phone. What would it feel like to be a little mean for once? To practice a little cruel dominance just like the frat boys had been doing with her... She didn't talk to Brady that much anymore. Would it really count as losing a friend if they were falling out of touch anyway? And it would feel soooo good.
"Brady, there's something I wanted to t-talk about..." she said hesitantly. She could see Ryan's evil, triumphant grin over her shoulder in the mirror.
Brady seemed taken aback by her serious tone. "Uh, ok, CM. Shoot. I know we have fallen out of touch a little, but you can tell me anything." His trusting tone simultaneously made Carol feel guilty and intensified the sadistic pleasure she was exploring for the first time.
"You know how you asked me out senior year?" she asked in a sweet tone. She bit her lip, still feeling conflicted. It wasn't too late to abandon this line of questioning and spare her friend from the cruelty that was starting to turn her on so badly...
"Oh! Uh... haha, yeah. That was sort of awkward. Sorry again for that, it was just a silly crush," said Brady awkwardly. His tone told her all she needed to know. This fucking simp still wasn't over her. The idea made her newly discovered sadistic lust flare darkly in her belly, distracting her just long enough that she didn't realize what Ryan was up to. His hand swiftly bent her forward slightly at the knees, and then, before Carol realized what was happening, his cock had slipped inside her.
She made a strangled noise that was half gasp and half moan. "CM? Are you alright?" asked Brady's voice, sounding far away.
"Y-yes," gasped Carol, "I'm fine, honey. Don't worry. I just stubbed my t-toe." Ryan's cock pumped deeply into her. His hands gripped Carol's wide hips firmly as he pulled her back into him. Carol's body was on fire with arousal. The wanton whore in the mirror was now bent forward, her mouth open, her thighs trembling with desire as her hips slammed back onto the dick taking her from behind. She was on the phone with her sweet, innocent high school bestie, getting fucked by a frat boy while preparing to explain to him how much of a slut she was.
Carol gulped, closed her eyes, and gave in completely to Ryan's twisted fantasy.
"I... I was wrong, Brady," gasped Carol as her pussy clamped convulsively around Ryan's thick cock.
"You... were wrong?" asked Brady, with an absurd note of hope in his voice, "When you refused to go out with me?"
Carol burst out laughing. She couldn't help it. It was just too ridiculous. "No! Hahaha, no, Honey! That was the right choice. I was wrong about why I told you we couldn't be a couple." She bit her lip hard to keep her laughter from turning into moans as Ryan began fucking her harder and faster.
"You told me that you didn't have any interest in sex..." said Brady slowly, a note of doubt creeping into his voice.
"That's riiiight," said Carol, moans slipping into her voice despite her desperate attempts at control. "But... let's just say I found myself during college. I discovered I was wroooong. I discovered... mmmhh... that maybe sex isn't so bad after all."
'What are you doing right now, CM?" asked Brady his tone mixed dawning horror with perverse interest.
"I... I think you know honey," said Carol in a weak, sweet voice dripping with sexual pleasure. "I think you know exactly what I'm doing. I've been a naughty, naughty girl this semester, Brady. I have trouble saying 'no' to men these days. But I had no trouble at all saying 'no' to you. Do you know why?"
"Carol... I... Why are you...?" whined Brady, his breaths puffing fast and shallow into the phone.
"It's because you weren't man enough," said Carol in that same sweet, breathy voice, peaking every time Ryan thrust his cock inside her, "It's because it took real men to show how much of a slut I could be. Now all sorts of big tough men get to enjoy my body in ways that you never did. And never will. But I do feel bad for you. So I'm going to give you a one-time treat."
She quickly navigated to the messaging app and sent Brady the photo she had been agonizing over all week. Even after all of that horny, anxious worrying about if she should send the cruel photo, it felt easy and natural to show it to Brady in this moment. She was ready now. Ready to crush this loser beneath her feet and feel powerful for once. To ruin her poor sweet friend for her own twisted sexual amusement. "This one time, we can feel good together. You're not good enough to see my naked body, of course. But that picture should be more than enough to get someone like you off."
The other end of the call was silent for a long moment. Carol took the opportunity to concentrate on the delicious feelings that Ryan's cock was sending pulsing through her body.
"Are you jerking yourself to my picture, Brady?" Carol asked sweetly with an evil smile.
"Y-yes CM," came Brady's huffing reply, filled with longing and pain.
"I bet it feels gooood," purred Carol, closing her eyes and relishing the feeling of the cock pumping rapidly into her pussy, "But it just can't feel as good as my pussy right now, Brady. Masturbation doesn't feel as good as sex, obviously. Are you jealous of the man who gets to fuck me? That's too baaaad, because I'll never let you..."
"Shut up."
The sudden hard tone on the other end of the call made Carol cut off in confusion. It was definitely Brady, but she had never heard him sound like that before. "Well," she said, trying hard to adjust to his unexpected reaction while being distracted by Ryan's vigorous thrusting, "S-somebody's a little crabby... Why don't you just settle down, wimp? Stroke that tiny cock and listen while I..."
"Shut your fucking mouth, you slut," said Brady in a flat, commanding voice. "You have no idea how big my cock is, because you were too much of a frigid bitch to try it out."
Carol's only response was a confused grunt that transitioned into a slutty moan. This wasn't how things were supposed to go. Brady had always been a sweet, docile pushover. This was supposed to be her chance to be the dominant one for once. So why was Brady suddenly acting as confident and cruel as all the other men who pushed Carol around?
And why were Carol's instincts telling her to submit to this powerful voice on the other end of the line?
"You said that any man can have you now. Is that right, slut?" asked Brady.
"Yes. Yes, Brady, but..." whined Carol desperately, rapidly losing control of the situation while she edged closer to orgasm.
"Then here's what we're going to do. I'm going to find a free weekend, drive over to your college, and you're going to say 'yes' to me. You're going to say nothing but 'yes' to me all night long. You're going to scream it," Brady's voice was getting thick with lust as well as he approached his own release at the same pace as Carol. "I'll teach you the size of my cock, and you'll apologize to me for ever implying it was small. I'm going to spend the whole weekend treating you like the worthless slut you've become. Do I make myself clear?"
"Y-yes Brady!" moaned Carol, wondering how she had been forced to submit again. This time she had picked a boy who had always seemed soft and weak to her, someone that, deep in her heart, she had always looked down on a little. And still, somehow, she had lost. Carol had been forced to bend to the will of her friend-zoned high school bestie.
Maybe there was no one lower than Carol when it came to submissive weakness.
"That's what I like to hear! Now cum, you little slut! Cum on the dick of the dumb bastard keeping your pussy warm for me!" growled Brady.
"Yes! YES! YESSSSSS!" screamed Carol, her back arching and her thighs trembling in yet another submissive release, her temporary feeling of sadistic pleasure swept away without a trace as she was defeated yet again.
As she felt her shameful orgasm fading, Carol couldn't help but pant harshly into the phone. She could hear Brady breathing roughly as well on the other end of the line. It was clear that they had shared an orgasm for the first time, even though they were separated by hundreds of miles. Ryan withdrew his cock, smiling down at Carol with the same mocking look he had worn before, except now his amusement was directed at Carol instead of Brady. Carol felt a wave of shame. Somehow, she was so pathetic she had been dominated over the phone by a boy who she used to lead around by the nose.
She really had become a complete submissive, hadn't she?
"Oh... and one more thing Carol," said Brady.
"Y-yes?"
"Send me some better pictures than this. I want to see everything."
...
Finally, it was here: the last day of Thanksgiving break. Just one more session with Adam, followed by one more session with Tory. The other brothers would start arriving back at the frat house tomorrow.
Carol crept into Ryan's room with a light, careful step. By this time, she had become an expert in moving silently through the rooms of the three frat brothers, and she no longer found it difficult to make it to their sleeping forms without waking them. Carol carefully climbed into Ryan's bed and lay down beside him.
While all three brothers had started the week requesting a blowjob as their wake-up call, all three had decided to... customize their experience. Carol had to hurry... Ryan tended to wake up first, but Adam was never far behind him. Carol carefully nestled her face into the crook of Ryan's neck, firmly grasping his cock at the same time. She planted a soft, wet kiss on Ryan's neck as she began to move her hand, increasing the intensity of both slowly until she was sucking and slobbering on Ryan's neck while her slim hand rapidly jerked him off. Although she couldn't see his face, Carol could tell that Ryan was awake at this point by his soft grunts of pleasure and the tiny thrusts of his hips.
Normally the boys stopped Carol from finishing them off if they had a turn with her that day, but Ryan's final turn had been the night before, so he said nothing, letting Carol give him a big purple hickey while she jerked him to completion. Finally, when she had finished, Ryan gave a sigh of blended satisfaction and regret and ruffled Carol's hair. "It was a fun week," he said, looking down with a crooked smile. "But all things come to an end I guess. Promise me that you'll do this for me even after break."
Carol raised an eyebrow, but couldn't help but chuckle. "We'll see, big boy." Ryan had a kinky streak a mile wide, but he really wasn't that bad of a guy. Not like the next frat brother she had to wake up...
Carol made her excuses and hurried to Adam's room. But when she opened the door, her heart leaped at the sight confronting her. Adam was lying awake in bed, his luminous green eyes staring at her as she poked her head through the door. Carol's mouth went dry. She had made it through the whole week without any slip-ups, waking all three brothers with sex acts before they woke up themselves.
But she had failed on the last day.
Adam beckoned her forward, and, as usual, Carol was unable to resist him. Her heart racing with fear, she approached her cruel, dominant master.
"Take your position," he said in a deceptively soft voice. "As if you were going to wake me up."
Carol mounted Adam's body, her legs quivering with fearful anticipation. She arranged herself almost in sixty-nine position, her mouth at Adam's cock and her ass right in front of his face. Adam preferred to have direct and immediate access to the butthole he was training first thing when he woke up. He kept some toys at his bedside table for that very purpose.
But this time he didn't tease her asshole. Carol engulfed Adam's huge swollen cock in her lips and began her blowjob, but although she expected the feeling of a lubed toy on her anus at any moment, it never came. The sense of anticipation was torture. Carol had failed to wake Adam with her sexual service, and he had made it clear that she would be punished if that ever happened. Her skin felt like it was on fire, expecting a spank from her master's strong hand. Her asshole winked and twitched expecting to be roughly penetrated at any moment.
But Adam was still and silent, his only movement the throbbing and pulsing of his cock in Carol's bobbing mouth. Finally, just when it seemed like he might allow Carol to finish the job, Adam patted her on the thigh, the sudden contact making her jump.
"You're finished," said Adam in a cool, even tone. "Go eat breakfast. You'll need your strength for our session in a few minutes." Carol got up, a little suspicious now that it seemed like Adam planned to let her go with no punishment.
Maybe it was better to test the waters...
"Um... master," she asked hesitantly, turning back to him from the doorway, "Do you plan to..."
"Punish you?" asked Adam softly, a chilly, mysterious smile playing across his lips. "Don't worry, my sweet little bitch. I didn't forget. Let's just say that my session today will be more than enough punishment to make you obey me perfectly from now on." He waved his hand dismissively. "Now go wake up sleeping beauty so you can get your breakfast."
Tory was always the last to be woken up by Carol. This was for the simple reason that there was no possible way that he would accidentally wake up on his own. And, also, Carol admitted in her heart of hearts, because she saved the best for last.
Tory's wake-up call was special. Because he was such a heavy sleeper, he was able to make a request that just wouldn't have been possible for the other two boys. Carol strolled into Tory's room, not even bothering to be quiet. She walked confidently to Tory's bed, and, with a fond grin at his snores, pushed Tory's sleeping bulk from his laying on his side to his back.
Carol worked her fingers into her pussy, staring at Tory's towering erection. It was important for her to be especially wet for this, but that didn't mean she didn't enjoy the act of masturbating while staring at a beautiful cock. While Tory's dick was certainly big, she didn't get the same feeling of intimidation from it as when she looked at Adam's. Instead, she just felt pure, warm attraction and arousal.
When she felt sufficiently warmed up, Carol climbed onto the bed and straddled Tory, reaching down to spread her lips and snugly insert the tip of Tory's cock into her drooling pussy.
"Wake up, stud!" she cooed as she sunk her hips down, impaling herself slowly onto Tory's stiff morning wood. As usual, the first stroke didn't quite do it, simply making Tory's face contort into a mask of pleasure as he moaned in his sleep. Carol pulled herself back up, then pushed her soft butt firmly down again, contracting her internal muscles to give Tory's cock a tight, even stroke. "Rise and Shine, stud!" she said a little louder, her voice sweetened by the feeling of the thick cock inside her.
Finally, Tory's eyes fluttered open. This was Carol's favorite part... when the sleepy confusion cleared from Tory's face, he gave her a wide, half-awake grin, his hands instinctively gripping her hips as he began thrusting up into her. They remained like that, staring at each other, their eyes burning with secret affection, their thrusts growing faster as their passion ran wild.
Then, like he always did on days when he had a one-on-one session with her, Tory remembered himself with a chagrined look and stopped before he climaxed. "You ready to be wowed today?" he asked with an excited smile.
"I don't know how you could beat the last time, in the theatre," said Carol, "But I'm curious to see you try."
"Well," said Tory, his smile slipping a little, "Try not to use up all your energy this morning with that douchebag."
The reminder of her imminent session with Adam made Carol's heart skip a beat. She looked away from Tory
"Yeah.. well," she said evasively, touching the black leather collar she still wore around her neck.
"That's not really up to me."
...
Carol meekly ate her yogurt at the dining room table with Ryan and Tory. Just like always during this insane week, all three of them were nude. This week had been so revolutionary that Carol didn't know if she could go back to normal afterward. She had become so in tune with Mother Earth: giving freely and generously. It might feel weird to go back to denying people their requests.
All three looked up in surprise as Adam strolled into the dining room, naked and fully erect. Ryan and Tory exchanged a worried glance over the table. This was unusual: Adam had made a habit of skipping the communal meals immediately before his sessions. Carol suspected that for Adam, forcing her to come find him was a deliberate power game.
But here on the last day, Adam had decided to break his routine. And based on the smoldering expression on his face, he had something extra special planned for his last solo time with Carol.
He strolled up to Carol and slapped the spoon out of her hand, letting it clatter to the floor with a splattering of yogurt.
"On your knees, bitch," Adam said with a smirk. Carol noted with a nervous downward flick of her wide blue eyes that he had some sort of cord or rope in his hands.
"Whoa, Adam," said Tory, pushing away from the table with a look of confused fury on his face. "What the fuck? Why are you...?" His protest died as Adam fixed him with a cold glare from across the room.
"Whose turn is it Tory?" asked Adam calmly.
"It's yours," said Tory, nonplussed and frowning deeply.
"Then shut the fuck up," said Adam dismissively. He turned back to Carol with a cruel, commanding glare and pointed one finger to the floor.
"Sit."
Normally the worst humiliations of Adam's domination had been saved for the privacy of his room. But Adam must have decided that this last day of the break was a special occasion. Now Ryan and Tory would see the humiliating truth of how thoroughly Adam had crushed Carol's resistance. Carol felt a familiar erotic powerlessness rise up from inside her, drowning out her hatred and fear for the man standing above her giving her a demeaning command with a smug look on his face. Carol's chair loudly scraped across the kitchen floor as she slid off it, falling to her hands and knees at Adam's feet. She stared up into his eyes with a mixture of loathing and submissive adoration.
"Come on, girl," said Adam with a grin. "Let's go for a walk. It's finally time for you to show me that trick we've been working on." He reached down with sickening slowness, brandishing the leather strap in his hand. Carol finally realized what it was just before he clipped it to her collar.
A leash.
The other two boys watched with wide, horrified, jealous eyes as Adam gathered the leather leash in his fist, pulling it taught and demonstrating his absolute authority over his bitch. He took a few steps forward, yanking Carol's collar unpleasantly tight behind him. Carol, without thinking, rose onto her knees, ready to stand and follow Adam. He turned on her with a glare.
"Down, girl," he said with a viscous grin. "Good bitches crawl for their master." With a painful gulp fighting down her shame, Carol sank back down to her hands and knees, looking away from Ryan and Tory's expressions of pity and disgust. "Y-yes, master," she said in a broken whisper.
Carol crawled behind Adam out of the dining room, her wiggling naked backside presented to the two other boys, her pussy already sending sticky, gleaming trails down her inner thighs, demonstrating her shameful arousal for the cruel domination to come.
The trip up the stairs, with her collar jangling and pulling tight on her delicate neck, and Adam's powerful form moving slowly but steadily ahead of her, made Carol sink deeper and deeper into her feelings of submission. By the time they finally made it to Adam's bedroom, her knees were dirty and her pussy throbbed with desperate need.
But she doubted that her pussy would be Adam's focus today.
Without a word, Adam bent and scooped up Carol's trembling form, tossing her roughly onto his bed. By now, she knew what position her master wanted her to take, but Adam's strong hands still pressed down to push her shoulders into the bed while raising her hips.
Carol felt her butthole winking and flexing with anticipation. Somehow she knew that today would be the day. Adam's training had been efficient and thorough, slowly stretching her ass while developing the pleasure that she felt from penetration. He had assigned her "homework" every night: longer and longer anal masturbation sessions with larger and larger toys.
At this point, Carol no longer doubted that anal sex would feel amazing. But the size of Adam's cock still made a sick twist of erotic fear spiral through her whenever she thought about it fucking her virgin ass.
Adam firmly pressed his thumb against Carol's twitching asshole, grinding it in slightly and making her gasp softly from pleasure. As she turned her head to look over her shoulder at her tormentor, she saw that for some reason, he had left the door open.
"Tory thinks that he owns you," said Adam. His voice was soft and neutral, but his thumb pressed harder as he spoke, making Carol whimper into his sheets from the intensity of his dominance. "He tried to claim you in front of the whole party a month ago. He made you moan and scream loud enough for everyone to hear."
Without warning, Adam's hand rose and fell in a sharp spank. Carol cried out in pain and pleasure. She used to think that women who got off on submission and spanking and pathetic whimpering were sick. In a lot of ways she still thought that.
But that just meant she was sick as well.
"But it's not hard to make a slut moan for you," said Adam smugly. "And it doesn't mean that you own her. Today we're going to put on a little audioplay for your loverboy downstairs. Just like the show he tried to put on for me." Carol could feel a cold, gooey drizzle of lube hit her asshole. She shivered. This was it: it was finally happening after a week of teasing. Her master was about to fully claim her. To brutally conquer her. To fuck her ass.
She wished that she didn't crave it as much as she did.
As Adam's cock finally pressed snugly against her tight, virgin asshole,Carol had a half-formed thought that she would resist: that if what Adam wanted was for her to moan and scream and make a fool of herself, she would just remain silent.
But even that half-baked resistance was swept away when Adam's massive cock slowly slid inside her. A loud, shuddering gasp wrenched from the depths of her soul, audible even as she pressed her face hard into Adam's mattress. She understood now why Adam was so laser-focused on anal sex. It was the perfect distillation of the dark erotic feelings that Adam inspired in her. Weakness, Submission, Humiliation, Pain. They all crackled through Carol's body in a swelling storm of erotic despair. Adam's pronouncement hadn't just been an empty boast. He really was claiming her. Owning her.
Making her his bitch.
Adam felt impossibly big and thick as he began moving inside her. It was different from the toys he had used on her before: the feeling of warm, smooth flesh plunging deep inside Carol's ass was far more pleasurable. And the fact that it was Adam made it filthy and wrong in the best possible way. Carol was allowing this cocky, arrogant bastard to finally take exactly what he wanted: her anal virginity,
As always, Adam's thrusts were rough and dominant, pinning Carol to the bed with his muscular body, forcing her to understand the difference in size and power between them on a physical level. Despite her early spark of defiance, Carol couldn't resist the pleasure mounting inside her. Her moans began soft, but grew louder and louder as her asshole adjusted to Adam's cock. She knew that this was all by Adam's design. The smug prick was once again using her as a pawn to rub his superiority in Tory's face, but Carol wasn't able to stop. It felt too fucking good to submit and get butt fucked.
As he continued his dominant display, Adam, pulled up on the leash while holding her shoulders down on the bed, making Carol see stars as the tight collar began lightly choking her. "That's right bitch," growled Adam, his hips working frantically as he thrust deep inside her, "Speak, girl!"
And Carol tried to do as her master commanded, howling and gasping and moaning her intense degrading pleasure as Adam plundered the asshole he had so painstakingly trained. But Adam's hand fell with a loud *crack* on her vulnerable ass. "No! Fucking speak, bitch!" he growled, never losing the pace of his brutal rhythm for an instant. Carol was confused for a second more, then she realized what Adam was demanding with a swooping feeling of humiliated dread. So that was what he meant... Adam wanted Carol to tear up every last remaining scrap of her dignity. The idea was absurd, but Carol could see no way out. She had to agree to every request. Carol tried to bury her face in Adam's sheets to muffle the sound, but Adam would have none of it. He yanked the leash up to force Carol's shame-reddened face into the air.
And she began to bark.
She started with an embarrassed series of quiet "Arfs", but as the humiliation of being forced to bark like a dog while getting fucked by a man she hated seeped down into her soul, her barks grew louder... and more realistic... and began matching the rhythm of the cock plunging into her asshole. Until she was no longer just barking because Adam demanded it, but loudly and enthusiastically participating in the degrading ritual, fully becoming the pathetic bitch that Adam wanted her to be.
Time seemed to blur. Carol had lost herself completely in the pleasure of submission, her voice growing hoarse from her desperate, moaning dog sounds. She was so close to release... and the long slow build-up of this newly discovered form of pleasure from her ass promised that when her climax did arrive, it would be powerful and deep.
Adam's face was red from exertion, but his expression was still grimly enthusiastic. He shifted positions, laying on his back and patting his hips, making his cock jiggle enticingly, still shiny with lube. "Sit up, girl!" he said with a cocky grin. Carol panted and groaned. Adam wouldn't just give her an orgasm of course. He wanted to force her to work for it. With her shapely thighs trembling, Carol slung her leg over Adam's hips. She reached beneath her to position his dick at the entrance of her butthole, preparing to impale herself on the cock she loved and hated.
But before she could sink his cock deep inside herself and claim the release she was so desperate for, Adam grabbed his shaft just below the cock head, preventing the deep penetration she craved. "Wh-why?" asked Carol, her mouth hanging open foolishly as she grunted and swiveled her hips, rubbing and teasing her own asshole with Adam's swollen dickhead.
Adam just looked up at her, his expression hungry and sharp. "Beg."
Carol groaned and swiveled her hips as Adam's cock teased the ring of her anus without satisfyingly sinking inside. Her legs trembled with desire and the exertion of the awkward position. "P-please," she said softly, her face turning red. "Please, master. Fuck me. Fuck my ass."
"Louder. Who is your master, Carol?" demanded Adam, sliding his fist slightly down his cock and letting it just barely pierce Carol's butthole. Carol's brain felt fried at this point. She was desperate for the long-awaited anal orgasm she had spent all week building towards, and she panted with desire for Adam's full length. "You!" she cried in a heartbroken, lustful voice. "You are, Adam! You're my Master! Fuck me, Master! Please!"
"Good girl."
And then, with a feeling of sweet, aching fullness, Carol's hips glided down to meet with Adam's. The tight ring of her well-trained asshole hugged her master's shaft lovingly, stroking it firmly as she sunk down and sprung up, her hips bouncing with frantic grace, chasing the anal orgasm that she wanted so badly.
"And if I'm your master..." grunted Adam beneath her, his hips thrusting up and he neared his orgasm as well. "What does that make you?" He gripped the leash tightly in his fist once again, emphasizing his dominance and control at the threshold of their shared climax.
Carol moaned wildly, her hips slamming her ass down with a frenzied rhythm. Her neglected pussy leaked thick trails of fluid down her thighs as it fruitlessly responded to the depths of her twisted arousal.
"I'm your Biiiiiiitch!" screamed Carol, her back arching and her tongue lolling out as she felt Adam's thick release filling her asshole.
Her pussy spasmed wildly against itself as she enjoyed her first-ever anal orgasm, her whole body now owned and claimed by her master.
...
Tory and Ryan sat in stunned silence as the sloppy, loud anal sex session continued above them for hours. Once or twice, one of them would make a motion as if they were about to leave, but they never quite managed it. For some reason, the animalistic sounds filtering down had mesmerized them, rooting them to their chairs, with sour expressions and stiff cocks.
At one point, around when the barking started, Tory's face had twisted with anger. He had stood up decisively... then listened as the barks began to mix with moans of pleasure. The anger had leeched out of his expression, replaced with confusion and embarrassment, and he had meekly sat back down.
By the time the audio pornography finally wound down, it was time for lunch anyway. Ryan and Tory were still there waiting at the table when Adam strolled into the dining room with a swaggering step and an unmistakable air of triumph. His cock was soft now, but unmistakably shiny with the aftermath of his brutal fuck session with Carol. He carried one of the throw pillows from the couch in the living room, which he tossed onto a chair. Carol walked meekly behind him, her expression humbled and ashamed and her steps awkward and stumbling. Thick, sticky sperm dripped down the backs of her legs as she walked gingerly to the chair with the cushion and sat on it with a wince, immediately staining it with Adam's jizz.
Once again, Adam had refused to let her clean up before coming down, the better to rub Ryan and Tory's noses in his sexual exploits.
"Afternoon, boys," said Adam with a shit-eating grin, leaning back in his chair, his spent cock still oozing from his recent session with his pet slut. "Hope you two had a fun morning. I know I did! Don't ask Carol about her day though. She wouldn't stop moaning about it. It was a real pain in the ass apparently."
Adam roared with laughter that the other three didn't share. Carol buried her red face in her hands as cum leaked slowly out of her ass onto the cushion. Ryan and Tory couldn't think of anything to say.
Adam snapped his fingers. "Oh shit, that reminds me!" He left for a moment and came back holding something behind his back "I got you something Carol, to commemorate the day that you finally became my bitch." From behind his back, he pulled a small black jewelry box that made Tory's blood run cold. It was exactly the same type of box that Tory had given to Carol. The kind that a charm for a bracelet came in. Adam's green eyes were hard as steel as he read Tory's stunned reaction. There was no mistaking it: this was a declaration of war. A direct slap in the face mocking the gesture Tory had made towards Carol.
Tory watched in sick fascination as Carol took the jewelry box, her eyes wide, but her emotions unreadable. She opened it. Inside lay a small charm. A dog bone shape with the word "Bitch" inscribed on it's surface.
Rage boiled up inside Tory. The charm that he had gifted Carol had been a little cheeky, but he had spent time finding a mystical symbol that would also symbolize Carol's sexual awakening. Despite commenting on her sexuality, Tory's charm was respectful towards her beliefs.
This wasn't anything like that. It was naked, brash disrespect of Carol, her beliefs, and her precious charm bracelet. An arrogant declaration that Adam was superior not just to Tory, but to everything else that Carol cared about.
"That's right Carol," said Adam smugly, "A little reminder that, no matter how much you try to forget what happened today, you'll always be my bitch."
Adam had gone too far this time. Tory had tried to keep to their agreement and share Carol, but Adam was deliberately provoking him at this point. Tory had tried to let Carol make her own decisions, but he couldn't just sit by and watch Adam shit on her beliefs like this. He started to get up angrily but was stunned into silence as Carol meekly unclasped her charm bracelet and threaded the demeaning charm on alongside all the deep, well-researched symbols that meant so much to her. She looked humiliated, but her actions showed nothing but eager compliance.
Adam had done it, thought Tory, stunned. He had actually broken Carol's spirit. Tory knew that they had been twisting Carol little by little using her beliefs, but he had always assumed that it was all just misdirection: they were taking a strong-willed, competent woman and tricking her into applying her skills and willpower towards getting better at sex. He realized too late that Adam had been playing a different game from the beginning. Adam had always intended to crush Carol's strong will completely.
And he had apparently succeeded.
Tory could see what was happening like a slow-motion car wreck. Carol had already accepted Adam as her dom. Adam wanted nothing more than to own her, body and soul. And If Tory didn't do something, that was exactly what would happen.
The only question was whether he was already too late.
"Carol," said Tory firmly, making her look up. Her sky-blue eyes focused on him like she was coming out of a daze. "Why don't you go shower and change into some clothes? You can eat lunch afterward." Carol's eyes seemed to revive even further at Tory's kind suggestion, but Tory was disappointed to see that her gaze turned to Adam, as if confirming that she was allowed.
Adam chuckled darkly and shook his head. "No way, loverboy. My little bitch has to sit there in her shame puddle and..."
"Whose turn is it, Adam?" asked Tory sharply, looking the tall dark frat brother directly in the eyes.
Adam's brows furrowed, but his eyes flicked to the clock on the wall, which showed that the time was just past noon. His jaw visibly clenched.
"Then shut the fuck up," said Tory decisively. "Carol, my first request is that you get cleaned up and comfortable. Then we're going out."
With Tory's public confrontation of Adam's dominance, the spell on Carol seemed to break a little. She looked away from Adam and rose for her chair. She avoided Adam's frustrated gaze, wincing and waddling slightly as she walked toward the open doorway of the dining room.
Just as she was almost out of the room, Adam called after her: "I want you to come to my room tonight, bitch. After this loser's turn. I want to end this week right." Carol turned back, biting her lip, her eyes darting back and forth between Tory and Adam. She turned to leave again, but, despite how quiet her response was, all three boys heard it.
"Yes, master..."
Tory frowned and refused to look at the cocky smile Adam shot him from across the table. No matter how much Adam wanted to believe that he had this in the bag, the fight wasn't over yet.
Tory would never give up and let an asshole like Adam control Carol like that.
...
Tory swung the duffel bag on his shoulder cheerfully as he walked through a bright, unseasonably warm day with Carol toward the venue of their next sex game.
As usual, he had kept their exact destination a surprise.
Carol looked a lot better than she had at lunch. The cowed, submissive shame Adam had drilled into her had dissipated a little, and she was walking taller and prouder in a tight pair of hip-hugging leggings and a deep v-neck sweater that showed off a great deal of creamy, smooth cleavage. Carol sighed and leaned against Tory as they walked, making a warm fuzziness bloom through Tory's chest. It was getting harder and harder to just write Carol off as a girl that he was using for sex. Tory wasn't sure he had ever felt this way about a girl before. All the more reason that Tory couldn't allow Adam to have his way.
Carol gave him a sidelong glance and a sly grin, saying, "Ok, so... where to today, Stud?"
Tory could almost believe, here in the sunshine with Carol's warm body pressing against his, that her display of pathetic submission in the dining room was just an act. But as he looked down, he saw that the degrading dog-bone charm was still jingling on her wrist. Not to mention the dog tag jingling at her throat. It wasn't going to be that simple. If Tory wanted to break the sick hold that Adam had on Carol, he needed to really wow her today.
"Well," said Tory with a secretive smile, "I don't want to spoil the surprise, but I finally found a way to do it."
Carol's eyes glittered with amused curiosity, even more of the fear and shame dropping away as Tory's playfulness drew her out of her shell. 'Well don't tease me, Tory. Out with it. What did you figure out how to do?"
"Today we're going to fuck in public," said Tory with excitement, "With people watching us."
Carol giggled and punched him on the arm. "Ahhh I see! There are easier ways to get thrown out of college if you're sick of studying, you know. I didn't think you had it in you to join me as a sexual disgrace," she said teasingly.
Tory shook his head and tipped Carol a wink. "That's the best part. If we're lucky, we won't get in trouble either."
Carol gave him a disbelieving look. "So... we're going to fuck. In public. And people will see us. And they won't call the cops."
"Yup."
"Yeah, ok," said Carol sarcastically. Despite her combative tone, her wide, relieved grin showed Tory that she was having the time of her life.
"We're almost there," said Tory, barely able to control his excitement. He pushed the duffel bag into Carol's hands with an eager smile. "Open it up, there's a present for you inside."
Carol unzipped the bag and pulled out the delicate scraps of bright red cloth on top of the towels beneath. It took her a second to realize what she was holding, but when she did, she started laughing.
"I mean, I knew you were a pervert, Stud," she said between giggles, "But this is something else!"
She looked up to see that they were approaching their destination:
The University's indoor pool.
...
Tory was left floating by himself in the pool for several long minutes before Carol emerged from the locker room. It took long enough that Tory began to wonder if he had finally found the limit of Carol's exhibitionist streak. True, Carol had gone naked in public with him multiple times this week, but even though there was a risk of exposure, they had never been seen by anyone. But If Carol actually put on the bikini Tory had bought for her, she would be showing herself off in full view of all the strangers currently at the pool.
But Tory should have known better. This was the girl who almost deliberately exposed them both to that poor library assistant. The girl who had attended a Halloween party filled with strangers while totally nude. Serving her luscious body up to the eyes of the public in a slutty bikini certainly wasn't going to phase her.
Tory grinned as Carol stepped out of the locker room, her face red, but her steps confident. The lifeguard clocked her immediately, and even from across the room, Tory could see his mouth fall open and see the telltale hunched body language that showed the unfortunate pool employee was now hiding a sudden boner. Tory felt his own cock stiffen as he took in the glorious sight. The 'bikini" was obvious fetishwear rather than a swimsuit anyone would willingly wear in public. Three tiny scraps of cloth were all that stood between Carol's beautiful body and the eyes of the world. The two small patches on her breasts were too tiny to completely hide her pink areolas, and too thin to disguise the stiffness of the nipples beneath. The strip between her legs was even more ludicrously inadequate. It was clearly designed for a woman with a full brazilian, and Carol's heart-shaped pubic hair stuck out from the top edge. The color and even the sculpted shape of Carol's dark pubic hair were clearly discernable. It almost looked as if the swimsuit was a letter "i" dotted with the heart of her pubic hair, like a girl would do in a cutesy love letter.
The rest of the suit was practically dental floss connecting the three strips of red cloth in a V-shape, and her bouncy ass was completely bare apart from the thin cord sinking into her buttcrack.
Damn. Maybe Tory was wrong about the level of risk. Maybe they would get the cops called on them for the bikini alone. But although the lifeguard had clearly spiraled into a sexual panic, none of the other swimmers (mostly students doing laps) seemed to notice before Carol had discreetly slipped into the water, moving toward Tory with lively eyes and flushed cheeks.
"I see how it is," Carol teased goodnaturedly, her voice high and vibrating with sexual tension "I have to wear a porny swimsuit and you get regular trunks. That's totally fair." As she approached, Tory wrapped his arms around her wet, slippery body and pulled her close, feeling her warm, nearly naked curves press against him.
"Not quite," he murmured into her ear, "These trunks are more special than they look. Why don't you feel the front."
Carol raised an eyebrow at Tory, and her questing hand found the loose flap sown into the front of his suit, allowing for easy access. Her slim fingers closed around Tory's stiff, eager cock, and she stared into his eyes with a joyful, smoldering gaze, her eyelashes decorated with tiny gem-like droplets of water.
"So how are we doing this, Stud?" she asked in a throaty whisper, her fingers squirming pleasantly on his submerged penis.
Tory cast a critical eye on the lifeguard, who was still looking their way. The entire point was to have sex in front of unknowing witnesses, but plausible deniability was the key. Tory motioned toward the wall a little deeper into the pool. It was about as far as it was possible to get from the lifeguard, who was still peering at them suspiciously with that embarrassed, hunched-over posture. The handful of other swimmers continued their laps, paying little attention to the two students who had joined them.
Tory braced his back against the wall and fished his throbbing cock out of his trunks, letting it float free in the cool waters of the pool. Then he spun Carol around and pulled her onto his lap. Her own hand reached between her legs, pulling the tiny cloth covering to the side and aligning Tory's cock with her pussy. Carol ached for his dick. The horrible, degrading anal sex session earlier today had been satisfying, but she hungered for the intimate intensity of vaginal penetration.
'Now, Carol," said Tory a hint of nervousness creeping into his voice as he saw the naked hunger in Carol's eyes, "We do need to be careful here, in order to not get caught, the key is..." In one smooth motion, Carol crushed her juicy ass back into Tory's hips, sinking his cock balls-deep into her hot wet pussy.
"...subtlety," whimpered Tory, as he felt Carol's cunt tense and pulse around his shaft.
"Hmmm," said Carol with a wicked smirk. "Subtle. No problem, Stud." She began working her hips in tight little grinding circles, keeping her thighs tight together to make her pussy a silky vice around his cock. "No deep satisfying thrusts. No playing with my tits," she turned to wink at him while running a hand up to cup her breast for just a half-second. "No deep, sensual makeout sessions." she bobbed forward to give him the faintest ghost of a kiss, her lips soft and wet. "Just this," she finished simply, working her pussy on his cock just by wriggling her hips.
A few of the lap swimmers were looking over curiously. Although they weren't making any dramatic movements, Carol and Tory's position crushed up against each other and braced against the wall of the pool was a bit unusual. Carol let out a soft gasp, turning pink beneath their gaze. It was finally happening, she was having sex while watched by complete strangers. Some of the swimmers were beginning to murmur to each other as they watched Carol and Tory. It must have been obvious that there was something inappropriate going on: even from above water it was easy to see that Carol's swimsuit was... lacking. But their movements weren't dramatic or obvious enough to make anyone take the next step and call them out.
Now if only the discreet sex they were having was a little more... satisfying.
Tory growled under his breath and tried to grab Carol's hips to take control of the sex session, but he couldn't get leverage. Not without backing his hips out further and thrusting more deeply and obviously. It was delicious torture to feel Carol's hot pussy squirm gently around his cock. Her tight little hip gyrations felt heavenly, but left him begging for more; just on the wrong side of satisfaction.
Finally, Tory couldn't take it anymore. Carol's grinding and tensing felt amazing, but he needed to feel the fulfilment of plunging deep inside her. Carol giggled at his lack of restraint as Tory threw caution to the wind and began bucking his hips, fucking Carol deeply and powerfully beneath the water.
It was exactly what he wanted. His long hard shaft sliding powerfully up into Carol's slick welcoming pussy with ferocious desire; her soft ass pushing down into him, showing her responding desire for him. Carol turned her head and drew him into a deep, tender kiss, their tongues sliding deliciously against each other as they basked in the forbidden delight of full, deep sex under the eyes of strangers.
Immediately, the lifeguard frowned and leaned forward, looking at them with disbelieving disgust.
The new, loudly splashing pace of their coupling drew the attention of everyone else in the pool as well, even those who had been oblivious up until now.
Carol and Tory felt the hot, burning gaze of the dozen or so people as their public sex act now made them the center of attention.
'You'd better hurry stud," Carol moaned softly to him as she broke the kiss. Her eyes were soft and playful, inches from his own as his cock pumped into her pulsing pussy. "I think subtlety has f-failed us."
Carol was right. The lifeguard was clearly working himself up to say something. Most of the other lap swimmers now wore expressions of shock and horror. Tory's plan of a discrete public fuck session with no one the wiser was rapidly devolving into an obvious public sex show.
And it was clear that their complete exposure was taking both him and Carol to new heights of kinky exhibitionist pleasure.
Tory knew he should probably just give up and call things off. He should immediately slip out of Carol's pussy before it was too late and they got caught. They could go have sex somewhere in private. It would still be fun: they would both still be high from their close call. And they would be able to take their time and really enjoy their last session together.
But Tory couldn't stop. For one, he knew that they were both close. But perhaps more importantly, he felt a fierce welling of possessiveness and fondness for Carol. He wanted her, here in this moment, during this adrenaline-soaked game that they were playing with each other.
And right now, in the heat of their sexual game, Tory knew, no matter what fucked up hold Adam had over her, Carol wanted him the same way. He could feel it in her passionate kisses, in the desperate arching of her spine as she bounced back against him, in the tight milking motions of her pussy as it gripped his cock, begging for his cum. Carol wanted him, just like Tory wanted her.
This moment was special, and they were going to seal it with an orgasm, consequences be damned.
Carol realized with a grin that Tory didn't intend to stop until they both got off. She did what she could to help, increasing her pace. Her hips moved against him in sinuous motions, her pussy flexing powerfully around his cock. Tory gasped as he felt himself spilling over the edge. Carol clamped a hand over her mouth, trying and failing to completely stifle a passionate moan. Tory thrust once more, holding Carol tight against him as his cock spasmed and spurt, filling her pussy with his thick, hot load of cum. Carol's thighs trembled in ecstasy, and she looped her ankles around Tory's legs to bind them even closer as they orgasmed together.
Unfortunately, they were still in the middle of a sticky situation. And it didn't help that they were both reeling from a mind-blowing mutual orgasm. Luckily Carol pulled herself together before it was too late. She disengaged from their locked-together position rapidly, reaching down to tuck Tory's deflating penis back into his trunks while pulling her own skimpy bikini bottoms back into position over her sperm-filled pussy.
Just in time for the lifeguard to loom above them.
Tory looked up, dazed, drained, and confused in the seconds since his orgasm.
"What's going on here?" asked the stone-faced lifeguard in an accusatory voice. Tory was dumbfounded, unable to say anything.
"Swimming," said Carol innocently, her face still flushed. The lifeguard frowned down at her, his eyes studying the wavering image of her submerged, pornographically displayed body. Finally, he seemed to decide that he had no direct proof.
"That swimsuit isn't appropriate for a public pool," he said flatly. "I think it's best if you two leave."
On their way out, Carol made a big show of annoyance, saying that they paid their tuition the same as everyone else, and it wasn't her fault if the university hired prudes as lifeguards.
As they got out of the pool and left, this time the eyes of everyone in the room were glued to Carol's curves, showcased and barely covered by her skimpy swimsuit. It was even sexier now that she was dripping with water, Tory couldn't help but notice. Not all of the other swimmers had expressions of disgust anymore. Tory guessed that the other men in the room were probably happy that the water hid their lower halves as Carol wiggled across the room in her slutty bikini.
But rather than the soft, glistening wet curves of her body, Tory's eyes were glued to the trail of cum slipping down Carol's thigh as they walked back to the locker room. It looked obvious to him, but if anyone else noticed, they didn't say anything.
...
It was growing dark by the time Tory and Carol approached the frat house hand in hand. It had been a crazy week, but now it was over. At six, the last official one-on-one session concluded, ending Carol's time as a free-use slut for the three boys. Tomorrow the other frat boys would return, and they would all discover together what new slutty depths this week of utter submission had unlocked in Carol.
The pool had been fun. In a fucked up, perverted way, even magical. Tory had strongly felt that bond with Carol that he swore was special: between only them.
But he could see the truth in Carol's eyes; could feel it in the way her body tensed up as they got closer to the house. She started to walk funny again like she was just remembering the soreness that Adam's cock had caused her earlier.
Carol was going to go to Adam. Just like he had commanded. Even though it was no longer required by her divine mission. Adam had some sort of deep hold on Carol that she couldn't break, and even a magical sex session with Tory hadn't been enough to change that.
Just as they reached the steps of the house, Carol turned to Tory with an odd look in her eye. Then she leaned forward and gave him a soft, gentle kiss. Unasked. Unforced. Given freely.
"Thank you Tory," she said with a sad smile. "I had a really good time." Damn it. Why did this feel like goodbye? Why the fuck did she have to go back upstairs to that asshole that treated her like shit? This couldn't be the end. Once again, Tory saw the inevitable results of Carol's dark fascination with Adam rise up in his mind's eye: Carol defeated, submitting utterly to Adam's domination, forgetting what she once had with Tory as she accepted a life of humble servitude to her cruel master.
He wouldn't let that happen. He had to do something.
Anything.
Tory's hands suddenly gripped her shoulders, making Carol look at him in surprise.
"Fuck it," said Tory desperately. "Come with me. Right now."
A faint smile tugged at the corner of Carol's lips. "What? Come with you where? Do you have something else planned?"
"No," said Tory, for some reason smiling wide. "I've got fucking nothing. And I don't know where we're going. I just know that I'm not ready to be done hanging out with you tonight."
Carol gave him a long look with her cool blue eyes, the smile fading from her face as she seemed to lose herself in thought. She stared up at the dark bulk of the frat house in the twilight, then back to Tory.
Tory's heart sank. She was going to say "no". He could see it in her eyes. Whatever stupid power Adam had over her was too strong.
But then... at the last second something shifted in her expression.
"... Yeah. Sure, Stud," she said with a shy smile, lacing her fingers through his. "Let's go."
Tory tossed his duffel bag of wet swimsuits onto the porch and they ran off into the night, laughing, hand-in-hand.
...
"Here!" said Carol breathlessly, spinning with her arms wide. "Right here. This is where I want you, Tory." The moon was bright and full, a silver coin shining on the black velvet of the sky, and the night air was sweet and wild and filled with the scents of fall.
Tory collapsed onto the grass, panting from their long sprint. He chuckled. "The quad? You want to fuck on the quad, Carol?" he asked incredulously.
"Look at the big man," said Carol with a crooked grin. "Wants my pussy in a brightly lit pool surrounded by onlookers, but too scared to take it on a dark lawn with no one around." She tugged her sweater over her head, exposing her beautiful breasts and stiff nipples to the cool night air. "Come oooon, Stud," she purred, swaying over and straddling him, plucking at his t-shirt, 'You were the one who wanted me to come with you. Now make it worth my while."
Even without people, the quad was a wide open space with nowhere to hide, just the empty grass and the stars and moon above. But Tory was intoxicated by Carol. Right now it was like he was the one who couldn't say "no". Without another word, he pulled off his shirt as Carol unbuckled his belt.
Carol swiftly pulled off her tight leggings, and then they were both naked and exposed beneath the moon, shivering in the cool night air and clinging together for warmth. For a moment they just lay in the tickly, fragrant grass, kissing deeply while their hands explored each other's bodies. Then Carol pushed him down, climbing on top of him into the position that had been a favorite of hers ever since the first time she had sex that Halloween night.
She looked impossibly beautiful looming above him under the light of the moon, regal and magical, and, just for this moment, his.
"Carol," he began in a choked voice, unable to stop himself, "About Adam, I feel like..."
Carol shushed him with a soft finger to his lips. "Shhhhh," she said soothingly, her eyes solemn. "Don't spoil it, Tory. I'm here now. I chose you tonight. Live in the moment. Let that be enough."
Then she grinned with eager delight and reached beneath her, guiding Tory into her velvety depths.
Carol's hands laced with Tory's as her hips moved in slow, deep, languid strokes. Her breasts bounced with her rhythm, her eyes squeezed shut in ecstasy. With the light of the moon falling on them in the cool, fragrant darkness and the pleasure welling up from deep inside him, Tory believed in magic for the first time in his life.
"I want you," Tory breathed, his voice low and rough and soaked with desperate passion. "Just you. With no one between us." His hand raised to touch the hated collar circling her pale, delicate throat. Carol looked down at him, her hips still moving deep and slow as the tide, rising and falling with aching sweetness up and down the length of his cock. In the darkness, her pale eyes seemed to almost glow, reflecting the dark moonlight. Her expression was unreadable, as mysterious and complex as the silver symbols she wore on her wrist.
Then, with slow, deliberate movements, Carol raised her hands and unbuckled the symbol of Adam's control, flinging it into the dark night with one last sad jingle. And they were together at last. Finally, it was truly just the two of them, beyond the reach of Adam and his toxic games. Tory's hands ran smoothly up Carol's pale curves as her hips began to buck faster, worshipping her, tasting every inch of her lovely body with his rough eager hands.
Carol's voice grew sweeter and louder, rising from deep within her throat. Tory's hands clutched at her soft, bouncing ass, pulling her closer to him with every downthrust. Their harmonious rhythm built and built, swelling toward a perfect, unified crescendo.
Red and blue lights washed over them and a loud *whoop* made them practically jump out of their skin. Tory and Carol looked with wild, shocked eyes at the squad car pulling up to the curb. Two police officers shook their heads as they got out of the car, already making their way across the lawn toward the two naked lovers. A bright flashlight clicked on, momentarily blinding in the darkness of the quad.
It was possible that the officers only intended to let the two crazy college kids off with a warning. After all, it couldn't have been the first time they had dealt with a situation like this. But what if the lifeguard had changed his mind and made a complaint? What if someone else had reported some of their exhibitionist antics earlier in the week? Tory couldn't imagine that the officers would be very understanding if they thought Tory and Carol were repeat offenders.
He had no desire to deal with the consequences of that.
Two things saved them. First of all, both officers had foolishly left the car to come get them, which left no one able to pursue Tory and Carol in the car. Second: Tory and Carol were near the center of the lawn, so it took quite a long time for the officers to reach them.
"Run!" said Carol and Tory simultaneously, staring each other in the eyes. They both had the presence of mind to snag their pants as they ran past so their incriminating phones weren't left behind. Then they were off, the two officers cursing and huffing behind them.
Tory and Carol got lucky again as it became clear that these officers didn't know the campus that well. Tory and Carol were able to cut between two buildings and lose their pursuers.
But they weren't out of the woods yet. Carol and Tory were two, pale, topless people out on a bright moonlit night. It would be almost impossible to stay hidden if the cops kept cruising around looking for them.
They had to get back to the house as soon as possible.
It could have been scary and nerve-wracking, but by this point, Tory and Carol were practically adrenaline junkies. They sprinted through the neighborhood, diving into bushes whenever cars approached, giggling and kissing until the danger had passed.
Finally, just two blocks from home, Carol slipped on some wet grass and collapsed, red-faced and laughing helplessly.
"Leave me!" she gasped between gales of laughter, "I'm done for! It's prison for me! Tell the frat boys I love them."
"Tell them yourself!" said Tory dramatically, past caring about stealth and suspecting the cops had given up looking for them. "I never leave a woman behind!" He scooped Carol up onto his back and sprinted home, even though the physical feat left him nearly winded.
As he let Carol down and held her to keep her from falling, he thought he saw something more than just affection and greater than just loyalty to her divine mission shining in Carol's eyes.
And in that giddy, magical moment on the porch with Tory, Adam was completely absent from Carol's mind for the first time all week. She didn't even remember that she had removed his symbolic collar and left it lying somewhere in the dewy grass of the quad.
They kissed, and it meant more to them than anything that had happened that week.
...
Adam looked down at the two lovebirds kissing outside the house.
Adam had sat in his room at six that evening, utterly confident and in control, waiting for the woman that he had decisively conquered. At six fifteen he had almost been pleased: something must have delayed his bitch unavoidably, and her fuck up would give him a good excuse to punish her. He did so enjoy making her beg for forgiveness. At six-thirty, an unaccustomed feeling of doubt had begun creeping into Adam's mind. But he had to stay strong. Trying to hunt around the house looking for her would make him look weak and desperate. But at seven he had finally cracked.
He stalked through the house, searching Tory's room, her room, and all of the common areas. She wasn't there. And neither was Tory.
At a certain point, anger gets so intense that there are no more individual thoughts. Just a pulsing mass of white-hot emotion in your brain.
Adam recognized with a sort of cold detachment that he was in no state to plan anything tonight. But he would be. If not tonight, then tomorrow.
Tory had some sort of hold on Carol that Adam didn't understand. Some sort of sneaky, backstabbing, beta pussy shit that he was using to steal Adam's rightful bitch from him. But Tory didn't know who he was dealing with. He never had.
Adam wasn't the kind of guy you should fuck around with.