Chapter 8 – I See You See Me
The sun was shining as I exited the driveway with a cool breeze passing through the car now that I had taken its top down. I had some running around to do, some errands to run, and it just felt good to get out of the house. The morning's events had fueled my libido with a new haunting desire. I say haunting because no matter how I tried to put it out of my mind, it kept coming back. That is the feeling of sexual power a woman has when she is willing to expose herself. The feeling of power translates into sexual fantasy, which ends up as desire, which in layman's terms means you ache between the legs. You would think a person would try to avoid this feeling if sex was not imminent, but for some reason it was burning a hole in my consciousness and I could not get away from it.
I had made an excuse to myself on the way out the door to not wear a bra. "Jess, it just is not going to look as nice if you wear one." I said aloud to myself as I dressed, thinking about the straps as my excuse, but knowing I just wanted to be ready in case I could not overcome the desire to show off. Isn't it amazing how you can kid yourself? The top I decided to wear was one of those thin silky fold over things that tie around the back of the neck. You have to be careful to tie them such that the top is held up otherwise you are forever "fixing" your top so that you do not spill out, or leave open a view to more than your cleavage. I left mine loosely tied and found myself looking down to see just how much of my breasts I could see. I also wore one of my shorter skirts to show as much leg as I could and could not help but wear the panties I bought at Victoria's Secret on my birthday. They were not lewd like Marti's purchase, but they were lace and slightly see-through. If I wanted attention, I was going to get it.
The roads were fairly empty as I headed down the highway with the breeze running through my brown shoulder length hair. The highlights I had put in a few weeks back must have shone brightly as my hair swirled around my head. I liked the look of my face in the rear-view mirror, tanned and youthfully mature. The sunglasses made me look seductive which gave me a feeling of mystique and feminine power. The wind was also whipping my top around and opening its fold, which gave me an idea.
Reaching down, I pulled back one fold of the blouse to expose my right breast to the cool air. It felt good, so I pulled the other side back allowing the other one to spill into view. With my blouse now riding under my breasts, my nipples hardened by the cool breeze, not to mention the feeling of sexual freedom, I headed for the mall. It felt wonderfully "over the top" (pardon the pun) to be driving down the highway basically topless. Only once did I have another car pull next to me and see me in my glory. It was a woman a bit younger than myself who did a couple double takes before laughing aloud. She rolled down her window and yelled; "Now that's what I call driving with the tops down! I love it! GO GIRL!"
As I entered Penny's department store to actually get something I needed, it was obvious they had not turned the thermostat from "cool" to "heat" also. It was like walking through the frozen food aisle at the grocery store. My skin jumped to attention, raising up the now famous chill-bumps and my nipples followed suit. Looking down at my chest, I could not only make out the prominent nipple itself (which could poke an eye out) but also the smaller bumps around the areola. There was not much in the way of form you could not see. My top left little to the imagination. I also noticed that my breasts were not bouncing as much as apparently they had gone tight due to the cold also.
The shoe department was just to my left as I entered the door and I found myself browsing the open toe flats, as I needed a new pair of casual loafers when Stan showed up.
"Hi, can I help you find something?" Stan said as he slid in front of me.
Standing up right, I said "Actually, I am looking for something like this one, but I need it in a different color." I noticed that Stan's eyes, as much as he was tying to look me straight in the eye kept wandering to my erect nipples.
"I think I can find something you will like in the back, just take a seat over there and I'll be right back." With that, Stan turned on his heels and disappeared into the back room.
Stan was cute and in his late twenties, but that did not matter, I was not going to bed the man, I just wanted to tantalize him a little bit. As I sat down, I made sure to show as much leg as possible without giving a view to my panties while making sure my blouse was sufficiently loose to gap on command.
Stan returned with several boxes. "Here they are Miss, I brought back a few different widths to try on."
"Thanks, Stan. Let me have the normal width first." I said knowing that I was a narrow.
Stan unpacked the shoes and handed them to me. I took the right one and bent over to put my foot in it. At that, my top gapped open to the point that Stan could see most of my left tit. I noticed that he moved ever so slightly to give himself an even better view.
"Hmmmm, this does not seem to fit, give me the other shoe." I said holding out my hand.
"Yes, Miss." Stan said handing me the other shoe of the set. I could swear he was a bit more nervous as he handed it to me. I bent over again, only this time to my right and gave Stan a view that went all the way to my nipple. I worked at the shoe causing my breast to swing a bit inside the blouse and causing poor Stan to almost melt. As I lifted my head, I could see that Stan had strategically placed a box cover in front of his crotch. I could only imagine what was going on behind the cardboard.
"Well, considering how much room is in these shoes, can you give me the very narrow pair?" I asked innocently.
"Sure." Was all he could say as he handed me the very narrow pair. " Can I help you with the shoe horn?" He asked equally innocently.
"Sure." I said as he knelt before me. In doing so, he had to move the box top and I could see there was some action going on there and it made my vagina cramp with excitement. He put the shoe down, reached for my calf and showed the way for my foot into the shoe. I parted my legs in a way that did not seem purposeful and gave Stan a good long look at my lacy panty clad pussy. I noticed that despite the coolness of the store, Stan was breaking a small sweat on his forehead as he snuck looks up my skirt.
I on the other hand was getting hotter with every move I made to show off. It really was not Stan who was getting to me though; it was the idea that I was purposefully displaying what I had always thought ultra-private. I was being brazen and it was very appealing in a nasty kind of way.
I could feel the juices beginning to flow in my pussy and could tell that it was growing slicker with each passing glance. By the time we got to the third pair of shoes, I am sure Stan could see the wetness showing through my purple silk lace.
I must give Stan some credit; he worked hard for that shoe sale. He had me try on several shoe styles and colors before I finally called an end to our game and bought the original pair I asked to see. As I paid for the shoes, I made sure I leaned over one more time and gave him a great view of both my breasts as they swung slightly from side to side as I wrote my name on the receipt. .
"Thanks Miss, you come back again whenever you need another pair of shoes. I really did enjoy helping you out.' He said, thankful to be standing behind the desk where his hardened cock was out of view.
My head felt light as I left shoes and headed deeper into the store. It was amazing how sexy it felt to be naughty and how that mixed with the power of knowing you were in charge of a very sexually charged moment. I wanted more, no...I was craving more.
I headed for the lingerie department thinking I would get something a little sexier for the evening. Walking through the racks of lace and bright colors, I could feel the wetness between my legs growing with each step. I grabbed a couple items that I thought Martie would approve of and headed for the dressing room. The first outfit was a light blue sheer number that was very see-through on the top, with a lacy g-string thong for the bottoms. The other was a dark blue satin set. The top had slits down the front that folded over each other on each side. It extended half way down to my belly button and was trimmed with a soft lace at the bottom. The panties had a high hip cut, and the front micro-patch that would cover my pussy was cut extremely low. The patch itself was completely sheer, leaving nothing to the imagination. It was obviously made for a fully shaved pussy, as there was no room in it for any bush. I found this remarkable in a naïve kind of way as it just showed me that there were other women out there who recognized the beauty of their uncovered form.
As I entered the dressing room, there was a full-length mirror on the wall, as there was at the far end of the room also. Obviously, the first was to allow folks outside the room to see how things fit, the other for a private viewing. Putting on the first outfit, I ventured out to the private mirror to see what it looked like. The fullness of my breasts was completely exposed through the sheer material with my nipples barely hidden at all. The lacy patch of the g-string showed through the sheer top and I could almost make out the line of my pouting lips through the cover of both. I was beautiful. Turing sideways, I could see that the top nicely accented my butt with the g-string providing a sexy frame for my still youthful cheeks.
With a wicked thought, I walked towards the other mirror until I was in a position that I knew I could be seen from outside the room. I noticed a good-looking man standing behind one of the lingerie racks. He was trying to help his wife buy something for the two of them, and I could tell that he could see me but that his wife could not. His jaw dropped a bit and his eyes darted to where his wife was, which was out of my line of sight.
I pretended that I did not know he was there, and played the role of just looking myself over in the mirrors. He and I both knew this was a game, but I wanted him to know that I was doing this for me and not for him. He was just a lucky bystander.
I slowly stepped out further, giving him the back view, spread my legs a bit and leaned over, raising the hem of the top up over my bare cheeks. I turned my head around my legs to see that he was still watching. He was, and I could tell it was going to take a natural disaster to get him to move. The grin on his face said it all. I stepped back out of sight and slowly pranced back into view, giving a side shot of the outfit, pressing my breasts as far out as I could. I turned towards him while looking sideways at myself in the mirror, giving him the full front view and on an impulse, ran my hands up the front of my body, cupping my breasts and then pinching each nipple and lifting. The effect was just as I thought, my nipples hardened and he melted.
I then lifted the sheer front in a sexy way to give him a full view of my pussy cover. I could see that he was now leaning heavily on the rack, and was trying to talk to his wife at the same time. Reaching down I gathered the front material of the panty and pulled it up into my bald slit, creating a little wedgie. The material quickly disappeared into my pussy folds. As a final act, I slowly ran a finger up the line of my pussy slit, stopping momentarily on my clit and walked back into the recesses of dressing room giving him a final view of all sides of my body.
I could not believe what I had just done, and for a complete stranger no less! My head was swimming with both desire and power as I put on the other outfit. It was far racier than the first as it just looked sexier in a burlesque kind of way. As soon as I put it on, my tits jutted through the overlapped slits in the front, and I had to recover them. The high hip cut lace hung on my hips and angled down to the low cut front patch in such a way as to attract the eye. The patch was cut so low, you could see the small patch of hair I had left above my pussy as well as the beginnings of my slit. Reaching down, I touched my clit through the material and was welcomed by a sharp need to cum.
I put on my high heels this time and walked back to the open doorway and slowly made myself visible. This time, I noticed the man had moved a bit and his wife was there with him. They were both looking my way and it was obvious he had invited her for the show! I was not going to disappoint. Placing my right foot on the chair that stood by the door, I gave them both a clear look at my barely covered pussy. I reached down and pulled playfully at the tuft of hair that was there and ran a finger under the patch and deeply down the length of my female furrow, making sure to rub my clit going in and coming out. The feeling was unbelievable and I whimpered a small cry to myself at the intensity of it.
As I peeked out, I could see that she had moved her hand to the front of his pants and was grasping his cock through them. He had his hand under her short dress and I can only imagine where his fingers were, but by the look on both their faces, it was someplace good.
I slowly and sexily opened the right panel of the top and allowed my full breast to come out. I teased it, licking the end of my finger and running it around the areola. I rolled the nipple between my thumb and forefinger as I laid my head back, looking at myself in the mirror. I did the same on the other side and put my left breast on full display. I was now completely exposed to these people and was giving them a show they and I would never forget. I fondled myself everywhere I could as I turned and walked a small circle in their sight line, striking one pose after another, some sexy, some naughty, and some downright lewd.
I reached between my legs and found my clit waiting. I was wetter than I could have imagined and I began to rub it lightly while still giving a languid show of my full body to the couple outside. Soon I exploded in a cascade of released pent up pressure. I looked out at them, nodded to them and smiled an embarrassed grin as I headed for my dressing room.
There was no way I was going to be able to put these items back on the rack, as they now needed to be washed. I got dressed realizing what I had just done and was a bit afraid of leaving. I was hoping the couple had left, but they had not. So, I gathered up my new outfits and headed for the nearest register. As I left the room fully dressed, I saw her pull him towards the dressing room for what surely was a fitting he would remember.
"I liked the last outfit", I heard him say as he left my line of sight. I liked them both and I was sure Jon would too.
"Wow, am I ever sexy!" was all I could think, as I existed the store. Heading for the parking lot, I knew I had to explore this side of myself more, especially with Jon. I wondered if I could get the same feeling with a man who had seen me nude a million times? I had to know, and this weekend would be a good time to find out. I drove home with my tops down, one hand on the wheel and one dancing on my clit. Being a woman is great.