D'Artagnan's was one of Mike and Susie's favorite restaurants. They had gone there to celebrate their engagement, and often went back for special occasions like anniversaries. It was a tad stuffy: waiters in black tie, white table cloths, too much silverware on the table, but the food was outstanding and it always made them feel special. So it didn't surprise Mike at all when Susie suggested they go for his birthday dinner, but he wasn't quite sure what to make of it when Susie mentioned the "special dessert" and winked at him.
As they were dressing for dinner, Mike noticed that Susie was pulling no punches. She slipped into her sexiest dress, a long slinky black number with a slit up one side to her hip, showing off her toned legs, and a plunging neck line that just barely contained her shapely C-cup breasts. And she slipped on her best Louboutin heels and a simple but elegant necklace. He knew she wouldn't be wearing panties or a bra in that dress, which only added to his excitement. Even after 10 years, Susie's body still made Mike's pulse quicken, and as he watched her reflection in the mirror as she dressed, he felt a certain stirring in his suit pants.
When they arrived at the restaurant, the maître d' ushered them to the back and sat them at one of the booths, just as Susie had requested. Susie slid into the back of the booth, and when Mike sat to one side, she slid over to make room and tapped the bench, making clear she wanted him to sit directly next to her.
They ordered wine and as they were perusing the menu, Mike felt Susie place her hand under the tablecloth and onto Mike's left thigh. When the sommelier arrived with their chosen bottle, without saying a word, Susie slid her hand farther up his thigh and rested it firmly on his crotch. At this, Mike jumped slightly, not expecting her to touch him in so intimate a way in the restaurant. But the sommelier didn't notice anything, and Mike quickly switched to enjoying the feeling of Susie's hand resting on his rapidly hardening cock.
As they savored their first glass of wine, they ordered dinner, and as the waiter walked away, Mike felt Susie reach up and deftly unzip his fly with her hand. She slowly inserted her index finger into his fly and began to run her nail up and down his cock through his briefs. Mike was now completely flustered, and could feel his face flush. He turned his head to look at his wife, but she remained her serene composure as if nothing was going on. From his angle sitting next to her though, he had a perfect view of her pert breasts under her dress that seemed to magically just barely cling to them, which only added to Mike's arousal.
Before long, their appetizers arrived, and Susie removed her finger from Mike's fly to use her utensils on the dish. Mike tried to concentrate on enjoying his food, but the thought of Susie's perfectly manicured nail running up the length of his engorged cock and dwelling at the tip kept him thoroughly distracted. The appetizers were wonderful as always, but Mike was subconsciously trying to will Susie's hand back on his crotch.
Finally, when the waiter came to clear their first course, Susie put her hand back under the tablecloth, but this time rather than inserting a finger into his open fly, she reached in with her entire hand and pulled his pulsating cock out of his briefs and pants. Mike's rock hard erection was now completely free and bobbing in the air underneath the tablecloth. And Mike's face quickly flushed again in excitement. Then Susie reached across the table and removed a pat of butter from the butter dish, and smushed it in her right hand. Sufficiently lubricated, she reached back under the tablecloth and wrapped her buttered hand around Mike's aching cock.
Mike could feel Susie's long, elegant fingers wrap around his shaft, and the slightly greasy lubrication from the warm butter, and then she began to slowly stroke his full length, making sure that her thumb and forefinger grazed across Mike's cock head as she did. She knew this move drove Mike crazy, and as she continued stroking, she leaned over and gave him a little kiss, whispering "stay calm, big boy" in his ear.
At this point, Mike was certain that everyone in the restaurant knew his wife was giving him a hand job under the table, and he scanned the room for any knowing looks. But everyone else in the restaurant - even the wait staff - appeared completely oblivious to what was happening in their booth. Susie knew exactly how to work Mike's cock, and could sense his level of arousal from his breathing. So every time she could tell he was getting too excited, she would stop the stroking and let him calm down a bit.
Fortunately, their entrees arrived, and Susie loosened her grip from Mike's cock, although she left it completely exposed under the table. She wiped the butter from her hands, and began to eat her meal as though nothing had happened. Mike, on the other hand, was struggling to maintain his composure, but managed to begin eating his meal. As they sat there, Susie began to chat idly in a calm voice about various inconsequential topics. Mike tried to follow along with the conversation, but he was having a hard time thinking about anything other than his ranging hard on and how much he wanted Susie's hand gripped around him.
Finally, they both finished their entrees and the waiter cleared the table. Mike was eagerly awaiting Susie to return her hand under the table, but unfortunately she didn't. He glanced at her a few times, but she seemed engrossed in the dessert menu. The waiter approached to take their dessert order, but Susie said she only wanted a cup of tea, to which Mike mumbled something about black coffee.
Once the waiter disappeared, Susie leaned over to Mike and whispered in his ear again, but this time she said "so are you ready for your special dessert?", and reached back under the tablecloth. Susie slid her napkin from her lap and placed it across Mike's legs, and pulled it up so the edge was resting against the base of his cock.
She then wrapped her hand around his throbbing member again, and began to stroke.
This time, Susie stroked slightly faster, and included a twisting motion that she knew from experience absolutely drove Mike mad. As she continued to stroke the full length of his cock, she could hear his breath accelerating, and then Mike would occasionally hold his breath for a moment. This she knew was a surefire sign that he was approaching orgasm.
Susie continued her ministrations, ensuring her grip was just firm enough to provide maximal stimulation to Mike's cock head. By now, Mike's face was completely flush and his breath was quick and shallow. He was silent, and was looking straight ahead, doing his best to maintain some semblance of composure. But Susie's hand was like his kryptonite, and seconds later, thick streams of cum began to shoot from his cock and landed on the napkin across his lap. Mike's eyes rolled back in his head, and he bit his lip to keep from moaning out loud in the restaurant. Susie continued to jerk him until his balls were completely spent, then she slowly released her grip, and took the napkin from Mike's lap to wipe off his still hard cock. Then she took the cum stained napkin from his lap, folded it up, and put it in her purse.
Susie turned to Mike and said "sweetie, can I borrow your napkin? Mine seems a tad soiled." Mike took his napkin and handed it to her, and she proceeded to wipe off her hand. Then she reached under the table, and replaced Mike's cock in his briefs and zipped up his fly. Leaning over again, she kissed Mike's cheek, and whispered "Happy Birthday" in his ear.