Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
Once on the seat I slid downward, managing to lay my head on his leg as he got into the driver's seat. Even though it was a short drive I managed to fall asleep on the ride to his place. Jimmy woke me gently, before sliding out of his truck, and coming to open the door for me. As he retrieved my jacket from the seat, I started the seemingly endless walk toward his apartment building. I was spent, and certainly not thinking clearly or I wouldn't have been walking bare from the waist up! By this point the cum leaking from my latex Capri pants had made it to my ankles, I knew that inside them I was a sticky and gross mess. I couldn't wait to take them off but thankfully believed it would be better to do that inside his apartment. Jimmy caught me, and helped me make it the rest of the way into his apartment, taking me straight to the bathroom.
Unable to do much more than unzip my crotch, I plopped down on the toilet, thankful the seat was down. An odd clank sound and splash brought me out of my mental hibernation.
"What in the hell was that?" I asked wondering if a bodily organ had fallen out of my ass.
"There was a plug in your ass," Jimmy bent in half in laughter, "but apparently it wasn't quite big enough!" I flushed in embarrassment before reaching between my legs and fishing the medium sized metal plug out of the bowl and dropping it into the nearby sink. "Don't worry," he said turning on the hot water, "you'll return to normal size soon enough."
Jimmy turned on the shower, helping me out of my heels and pants, then holding me up as I got under the steaming stream of water. After the burning sensation passed the water felt wonderful on my shoulders and back. I'd have spent all night in the shower if I weren't so ready to fall asleep. The hot water relaxing me further only added to my desire to sleep.
"You look like you're ready to fall over." Jimmy said leaning back on the bathroom vanity.
"Just a bit." I replied weakly.
Handing me a towel, which I promptly wrapped my hair in, Jimmy helped me out of the tub. I managed to add my favorite moisturizer while he went to get something. After giving my hair a minute, I decided to at least brush it out and deal with it in the morning. Standing in front of the mirror my mind couldn't help but race through the events of the night. Without even closing my eyes I could still feel the biggest cock I'd ever seen inside me. I was lost in my dream world when Jimmy reentered the bathroom.
"Lift your foot." He said from behind me. Lifting my right foot, I felt something slip around it before I put it back down. "Now the other."
I couldn't remember a time I'd wore panties in Jimmy's place, but for some reason he was gliding a pair of pink cotton boycuts up my legs. I decided not to complain, if this was a way to signal my ass being off limits for the rest of the weekend, I'd live with it!
"Now lean forward." He instructed as he lightly pushed on my upper back.
"Ohhhh geezus!" I exclaimed. "Warn a girl would ya!?!"
"Cold huh?" He laughed as he seated the frozen metal plug in my sore ass.
My sore hole tightened slightly around the plug, much to my relief. Jimmy then pulled the panties up, seating the back against the plug.
"This will hold the plug in place through the night." He said giving my ass a squeeze.
"What is this in the front?" I asked feeling something definitely not cotton pressing near my clit.
"You had to know I wouldn't have a normal pair of panties here," he chuckled, "these vibrate!"
"Are you planning on waking up first or something?" I asked turning to face him.
"Pretty damn much," his arm went around me pulling me tightly to him, "plus, there was at least one guy you didn't get off tonight."
"In my defense you did have me very busy!" I replied pressing myself into him.
"And you loved every minute of it," he said as he took me by the wrist leading me to his bedroom, "tell me, how many cocks were in your ass yesterday?"
"Ummmm," while I should have been horrified at the thought that it was going to take work to figure out the answer to that question, it wouldn't dawn on me until later, "well Steve, of course. The three cops who showed up at the bar, and the anaconda."
"Anaconda?" Jimmy chuckled leading me into the bedroom.
"I don't know what else to call him," I replied crawling into his bed, "but I swear that thing slithered when it was inside me!"
"Somehow I'm not surprised." Were the last words I heard before passing out.
Several hours later I woke up needing to relieve my bladder, Jimmy was out cold. I managed to get up, take care of things in the bathroom and get back in bed without waking him. In the morning I woke up alone. Plodding back to the bathroom first, I eventually joined Jimmy on the couch for coffee.
"How did you sleep?" I asked as Jimmy played a video game.
"Almost as well as you!" He replied with a laugh.
"Yeah," I replied, "sorry about that."
"Don't worry," he replied with a wink, "I knew you wouldn't be up for anything before we even left the bar, plus, it's not like I won't have fun today." Just then the small egg tucked into my panties started to buzz. "Just be thankful I don't have a vibrating plug here too!"
"I thought you did have at least one." I replied trying to casually sip my coffee while my hips wiggled under the softly buzzing egg.
"Oh, I did," he answered without looking up, "but Steve borrowed it. He has a friend over."
"So, I guess he's just not into my ass then!?!" I mocked being offended.
"I don't know about that," Jimmy sipped on his coffee before continuing, "he did fuck your ass yesterday after all." Putting his coffee back down Jimmy gave the egg controller a nudge upward. "Or did you forget he was part of the," looking over at me as I leaned back pulling my legs into me so my feet were on the couch too, "what was it again? Five? Or Six?"
"The last guy should have counted as 5 by himself!" I replied feeling perspiration starting to form on my forehead.
Jimmy sat on the couch smirking with the controller in his hand, bumping it up and lowering it just before I could orgasm. With my legs spread as wide as they could go, I slowly humped the air trying to get off while my hands teased and tortured my nipples. In the back of my mind I could hear Steve moving about, but I could only focus on my burning need to cum.
"You do love fucking with me don't you?" I hissed as he turned down the controller again.
"Yes, I do!" Jimmy replied grinning from ear to ear.
"Ohhhhh would you just fucking let me cum already!" I finally blurted.
Turning the controller all the way up, Jimmy set it aside to get a refill on his coffee, while an earth-shattering orgasm ripped through me. My back arched almost completely off the side of the couch, my butt off the cushion, while my thighs trembled.
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhfffffuuuuuuuccccckkkkkk!" I groaned, only to realize the controller was still on the couch, still turned all the way up, and Jimmy was now nowhere in sight! "Son of a!" I groaned, trying to muster the strength to will myself to the other size of the couch. "You don't play fair!"
"Let me help you out there," Steve said as he appeared from nowhere and picking up the controller." Holding my relief in his hand, he turned to speak to Jimmy rather than turn it down. "Hey Jim, you know you left her running right?"
"Yeah, I know," he replied from somewhere else in the apartment, "don't turn her down just yet." Groaning loudly at Jimmy's words I considered taking the panties off. Surely, I could manage that. "Oh, and slut, don't get naked, Steve has company," I heard a slight change in his voice, he became stern, "and you'll get punished if you do!"
My response was a long, loud groan of frustration while my panties buzzed away. Finally, able to put my butt back on the couch, I looked over the back of it pleadingly at Steve. His back was unfortunately toward me while his friend was just coming out of his room.
"Who's your friend?" I heard her ask.
"Oh, you'd like her," Steve replied, "go say hi!"
"Let me go look then!" She said shortly before appearing in front of me.
I would have tried to cover myself or compose myself in some way, but the fucking vibrating panties were about to send me into orgasm orbit again. Instead of trying to cover myself, from her gorgeous green leering eyes, my hands tugged at my nipples while my legs spread as wide as I could get them. Another orgasm was coming like a freight train and it was in control of me, if not the orgasm then it was the egg and the damn controller! Perspiration covered my body, which was on almost full display for whoever the woman was in front of me. I stared at her eyes while they seemingly roamed all of me.
"Oooooooohhhhhhhffffuuuuucccckkkkkkkkk!" My groan came from so deep it may have originated in my uterus!
My hands shot to my pussy, pressing the egg against my clit, as my orgasm roared through me, all the while her green eyes grew wider. In the meantime, my eyes saw nothing but static, then black. When I woke up my onlooker was gone and the egg was thankfully off.
"Hey Jimmy," Steve chuckled from nearby on the couch, "you didn't break her!"
"Good to know," Jimmy said from somewhere behind me, "I wasn't quite done with her today."
Sunday night I arrived back at my apartment feeling like I'd spent a week away, true to his word, neither Jimmy nor Steve were done with me that day. Settling onto the couch with a glass of wine I pulled out my phone and sent Jenna a text. I'd never reached out to another woman like this wondering what her intentions were. Jenna was a complete stranger, the girl who'd handed me coffee, change, and her number on a receipt as I sat in my car naked. What could she ever think of me? Honestly, whatever she could think wouldn't be far from the truth. My life had become more like a porno than real life, each week a new stranger ended up having sex with me one way or another. Some weeks, like last week, it was more than one!
My heart jumped as Jenna texted back, I could tell by her response she was as anxious as I was about talking to me. Taking a leap, I suggested meeting up for drinks the following night. What could be the harm? She eagerly replied suggesting a bar I'd vaguely heard of not terribly far from where I lived. Just like that, I had a date! It had been quite a while since I'd had a legitimate date and the prospect excited me. It was also my very first date with a woman! That night I went to sleep with thoughts of what a friendship, or more, with Jenna could be like.
Monday morning I awoke feeling wonderful. Instead of taking my coffee outside and having a seat on my patio, I decided some stretching would be in order. I had been contemplating yoga after all, and a brief search on my phone suggested a few poses that would lead to better health as well as flexibility. The fact I was doing it stark naked just added something more to the equation. After 20 minutes of stretching I was actually feeling the effects. I was also now running late as a result, which meant wearing clothing on my drive to work as I would be walking into the office at the same time as everyone else. The remainder of my day was a blur, a wonderfully cum filled orgasm enriched blur but still a blur. Ms. Victoria even stopped by to reclaim her cuffs from me, much to my disappointment.
After work I quickly returned home and looked up the bar online to try to figure out what to wear. It didn't have many pictures but listed itself as casual. At least now I had something to work with. I settled on a flowing short skirt with a light floral top with spaghetti straps and a tasteful pair of heels. With my hair up and my makeup done I was ready to meet Jenna. It struck me as funny when I left my apartment, I'd agonized over what I should wear remembering she'd already seen me stark naked! Finding the bar, I parked nearby and made my way inside. The place was low key with a cute looking bartender and a very pretty server who met me at the pub table I picked. There I had a decent view of the door so Jenna wouldn't miss me when she came in. Would she even recognize me without my tits hanging out? I ordered a drink and anxiously waited.
A few minutes later Jenna walked in wearing a floral sundress and wedge sandals. The sundress had criss cross laces up the front like a corset which only accentuated her cleavage. Her cashier outfit had done a great job at hiding that along with her rather stunning figure.
"Hi!" She said walking up and giving me a big hug. "I'm so glad you texted me!"
"I'm glad I did too." I replied touching her remarkably smooth skin on her back as I returned her hug.
Jenna moved her seat close to mine before sitting, her leg touching mine as the waitress came over. She ordered a drink, taking my hand in hers as she did. I couldn't believe how forward she was being, it was one thing to be this close to a guy in a bar setting but this was a bit different.
"Relax Sweetie," she said obviously sensing my tension, "take a look around, we're not out of place here." I looked at her quizzically "I mean really take a look around!"
Turning to my left I looked, trying to understand what it was she was trying to get me to see. When it finally hit me, it was like a lightening bolt. There were couples together, talking, touching, holding hands and the like. All of the couples were the same sex! I'd had no idea there was a gay bar this close to my house!
"Ahhh!" I exclaimed turning back to her, "I never knew this was here."
"It's a cute little place," Jenna smiled in response, "I didn't think you would mind."
"Not at all!" I replied squeezing her hand.
Our conversation was relaxed and wide ranging, occasionally crossing over into sex. It was nice to have a conversation about what had been going on with my life, although I didn't tell her everything because I didn't want to scare her off either. How exactly do I explain Rupert's weekly card game, the bachelor party or whatever you wanted to call Saturday night at the bar? No, it's best to hold onto those things for a bit. Plus, I was enjoying discovering all I could about Jenna, who it turned out was even more submissive than I. Maybe I could channel my own dominant side? The idea sent a chill down my spine right through my pussy. My eyes must have given me away.
"What is it you're thinking?" Jenna asked with her piercing sapphire blue eyes staring into my soul.
"I've never been a Dominant," I answered as my voice faltered, "but I wouldn't mind trying it out if you're game that is."
"Really?" Jenna's eyes brightened as her hand squeezed me tighter. "I've only been topped by guys before," she said softly, "and that was them basically tying me up and fucking me silly." I watched as her body shuddered slightly. "I'd love to give this a try with you though!" Her eyes grew wide when she continued. "Do I call you Mistress then?"
"Yes," I said trying to sound authoritative, "you will call me Mistress, and you will be my pet."
I couldn't call her slut after all, that was already my name. It wasn't like I could introduce her to Jimmy, Steve, or Nick and call her slut too. That would be far too confusing.
"So, my pet," I said leaning toward her letting my fingers lightly touch her back, "however will people know that you belong to me?"
"Ummm," Jenna was obviously flustered by the fact she was surrendering herself to my experiment, "a collar?"
"Would you be able to wear a collar at work?" I asked reveling in the control I had over her. "Or would someone ask what was going on and why you had it on? That could be embarrassing."
"It could be," her body trembled as she spoke, "maybe something more subtle for when I go to work?"
Feeling brazen I slipped my left hand to the front of her sundress, hooking my index finger inside, before pulling it slightly forward. One of her pert, perfect breasts was revealed to me, the nipple rock hard as I suspected it would be.
"I am sure we can work something out." I replied sliding my index finger over the edge of her breast and watching her react. "As a matter of fact," I continued as I slipped my index finger deep enough into her dress to flick her nipple causing her to moan slightly, "I have an idea."
"Yes, Mistress?" She replied, her cheeks flush with excitement.
"What do you have on under this little dress of yours?" I asked feeling like Nick at the moment. "Obviously, you are without a bra," I said grazing her nipple again, "what about your bottom?"
"I have on my favorite pair of white lace boycuts," Jenna replied sheepishly, "just in case, you know."
"Tell me." I pressed.
"In case you saw me without my dress on" Jenna's body tremored with excitement while mine pulsed with the feeling of control I'd never experienced before.
"Well those sound lovely," I said removing my left hand from the front of her dress, sensing her disappointment, "I'll settle up with our drinks, you go to the ladies room and take off your panties, carry them back here in your right hand and place them on the table when you return." I pointed to a spot on the table between her and I before continuing. "Understand my pet?"
"Yes, Mistress!" Her voice was a combination of fear and excitement as she slipped off the high chair she sat in. "Thank you." Her cheeks burned red as she quickly made her way to the bathroom.
The waitress returned with the check, placing it nearer to me before returning to another customer. Not only was the place quiet and accepting, the drinks were inexpensive as well! Placing my card in the holder, I watched Jenna's anxious return, spying the tiny pair of boycuts in her hand as instructed. Rather than letting her sit right away, I had her place the panties on the table and smooth them out so there was no denying what they were.
"Have a seat Pet," I said patting her chair, "I'm just finishing up here."
The waitress returned, picking up the check then eyeing the sexy undies on the table. It was obvious I hadn't removed them unnoticed in the bar area, she looked over at the deeply blushing Jenna with a raised eyebrow. Jenna couldn't bring herself to look her in the eye. The waitress winked at me then headed off with the bill.
"Those are sexy pet," I said lightly touching the edge of her lace bottoms, "they don't seem to cover all that much though."
"They don't Mistress," came Jenna's soft reply, "they are pretty cheeky."
"I think I like them off you better though," I said as the waitress returned, "do you own many like that?"
I could almost feel Jenna shrink into the chair as the waitress waited, whether it was for Jenna's response or for me to finish up with the check I wasn't sure.
"Um, yes Mistress," Jenna's voice trembled as she tried to speak, "a few. These are my favorites."
"I bet they look amazing on you Sweetie!" The waitress chimed in. "You two have a lovely evening!"
"Oh we will!" I replied sliding off my chair. "Oh no pet," I said holding her arm as she tried to pick up her panties, "you don't get to move until I tell you." Slowly walking around the table, I took her hand to help her off the chair. "You can collect your undies now." I instructed.
Jenna's face went flush again as she'd obviously hoped I didn't speak as loudly as I did. I didn't say it terribly loud, but I'm sure some others around us heard. Taking Jenna by her hand, and with one hand on her back, I led her through the bar to the door then walked her to my car. Holding the door for her, I allowed her to get comfortable before closing the door and getting in on the driver's side. Then, my time with Jimmy and Nick seemed to pay off.
"Pet," I said turning to her, "whenever you sit in my car you will hike up your skirt and press your knees against the console and door." Watching Jenna's body shudder let me know I'd struck the right chord with her. "I can't have you denying me access to what is mine, can I?"
"No, Mistress." Jenna replied as she folded the hem of her skirt underneath while pressing her legs outward as far as the passenger side of the car would allow.
"That's a good girl." I said lightly touching her arm.
Pulling out of the parking lot is was all I could do not to shove my hand between Jenna's spread thighs. I knew she was soaked, and probably close to cumming, but I also knew from experience that the anticipation of being touched was sometimes more powerful than the touch itself. Instead, I let my fingers lightly touch her upper thigh, as if doing so by an afterthought and not the controlled action it actually was. We'd been driving for several minutes before Jenna dared ask where we were going.
"You need a proper collar," I said with a grin while not looking over at her, "and something more work appropriate."
Jenna didn't press, which I was glad about. It took considerable restraint not to blurt the plans I'd been formulating for the past few minutes since Jenna accepted my offer to be her Domme. Until then I'd never realized the level of control and planning Ms. Victoria had to exercise regularly. I pulled into the parking lot, instructing Jenna to remain still until I opened her door for her. As she went to slide out of the car, her right hand moved to pull her skirt back down, instead of allowing her to do that I took her arm then held her hand to help her out of the car. Her mound was neatly shaved with just a hint of tan lines from what had to be a tiny bathing suit.
"The rules are simple," I said standing close enough to her to feel her hard nipples against my chest, "I am Mistress whenever we are alone or in company when I specify." She nodded agreement. "You also only get to cover yourself when I say you can," my hand went to the front of her sundress, pressing my fingers against her heat and watching her eyes close as her hips rolled forward, "this is mine, I get to touch it and play with it any time the mood strikes me."
"Yes, Mistress!" Jenna moaned softly in response.
"In here you will call me Mistress," I said letting my hand linger, "and you will answer any question I have honestly and without whispering. Understand."
"Yes, Mistress!" She replied pressing herself into my hand further.
Taking her by her wrist I led her through the front door of the adult toy store, thankful the obese owner was not behind the counter. It would be tough to keep my dominant role with the guy who's cock I'd sucked leering at me as he looked for a repeat. The one plus to being here was knowing where everything was located. I led Jenna straight to the cuffs and collars by the register. Under the watchful eye of the young man behind the counter I sorted through collars, holding each one up briefly to Jenna's neck to find the right one.
"Oh this one is perfect!" I said holding a black leather 2" collar with a chrome band over it.
"That one has matching cuffs to your left." The guy behind the counter said eagerly.
"Oh yes," I said as if I hadn't seen them already, "these are just the thing!"
On the wall next to the cuffs were packs of locks, I grabbed a five pack of small chrome locks asking the guy behind the counter to open them for me. Putting one pair of cuffs on the counter, I put the other pair on Jenna's delicate wrists locking them in place with a padlock. Pulling the tag off the collar, I put it next to the cuffs on the counter before motioning for Jenna to turn around. Instinctively, she pulled her hair up so I could fasten the collar behind her neck with another lock. Jenna lowered her arms, letting her hair fall over her neck, as she did I lightly touched her elbows pulling her arms behind her back so I could use a ring to bind them there. Turning her to face me again, the excitement on her face was undeniable. When I reached for a 3 foot lead and hooked it on the D-ring at the center of her neck I thought I heard her whimper just a bit.
"We're going to browse a bit," I said to the guy at the counter, "it's okay if I just test this stuff out right?"
"By all means!" He replied wide eyed.
Taking the lead, I led Jenna down the nearest aisle, taking my time to browse the sex toys on one side of the wall. There was only one other person in the store, another gentleman who was fascinated by what I was doing with Jenna and couldn't help but stare. Little did he know it was only going to get better.
"Tell me pet," I said steeling my nerve to start asking her embarrassing questions, "what do you have for toys at home?"
"Uh, um," Jenna had a look of shock on her face as I'd obviously asked it loud enough for both men in the store to hear, "I have a dildo, and a rabbit vibe Mistress."
"Anything else?" I pressed, "Nothing kinky?"
"No, Mistress." Jenna replied blushing hard.
"We will have to change that!" I exclaimed. "My pet is going to be one kinky little bitch!"
Jenna moaned and her thighs trembled at my words. Moving my free hand to her thighs, I could feel her wetness several inches below her pussy. She was getting hornier by the second and I was the one causing it! The rush was incredible.
"What about that ass of yours?" I continued. "Anyone penetrate you back there?"
The look of shock filled her face, I could see her arms straining at the cuffs and wondered if she would try to run. How far could she go? I'd driven here and her hands were bound behind her back. A gentle tug on her lead reminded her she wasn't going more than a few feet away from me.
"A boyfriend used his finger a couple times," she finally relented, "but that was it Mistress."
"Tell you what," I said dropping her lead, "wait right here I'll be right back."
Just like that I left Jenna standing in the store defenseless as I returned to the front door. The look of relief on her eyes was undeniable as I returned with a small shopping basket which I put in her hands behind her back. With her in the right position I could put items into the basket without her ever knowing what she was carrying! Jenna was going to be submissive to a slut, which in my mind meant she had to be even sluttier than I was in the end. If I was getting a cannon sized cock into my ass on a regular basis then Jenna had to be ready for that too! It was a good thing it had been a pay week, and that Nick had given me a nice raise, because it took more than a few hundred dollars to get Jenna started on her way to slutdom! With all the purchases in bags, I put them in Jenna's hands again then led her out to the car, passing another new customer as I led her out. Putting everything in the trunk, I unclipped Jenna's cuffs after opening the car door so she could get in. As expected she rolled her hem under her skirt and pressed her knees outward as soon as the door closed.
I took a minute to compose myself before getting into the car. Jenna wasn't the only one that was soaking wet. The only difference between her and I was the soaked thong I had on failing at absorbing my pussy juice. Pulling out of the parking lot I found another one down the road and pulled in.
"Okay," I said turning to face her, "from time to time you and I will just talk to see if we both enjoyed something. Okay?" Jenna nodded eagerly.
We spent several minutes going over not only what happened at the adult toy store but the bar. While Jenna admitted to be scared, and slightly mortified, she'd enjoyed it all and was soaked to prove it. We also spoke about anal play, her boyfriend had jammed his finger up her ass without benefit of lube, I informed her there was a better way to do it that would make it far more enjoyable. She was up to trying it again which made me very happy because I knew I could do a better job. Looking across the parking lot I had a moment of inspiration. Making sure Jenna was all set with our talk I drove to a pharmacy convenience store. This time she waited until I opened the door and extended her hand, exposing her puffy pussy lips to the cool night air as she got out of the car.
"One second," I said as I pushed her against the car, "I wanna see something." Slipping my hand between her thighs, I let my right index finger press against her wet flesh before dragging it upward scooping plenty of her wetness along the way. "Open wide!" I said as I pulled my finger away from her thigh pushing it into her open mouth. The look of shock on her face was priceless. "Never tasted yourself pet?" I asked watching as she shook her head no. "Suck my finger clean," I said firmly, "you'll get used to that taste soon enough!"
With my free hand gripping her hip tight, my right leg between hers, my body pressing her against the car Jenna sucked my finger swirling her tongue around it. Whether it was her tasting herself or the fact I was in complete control I could tell Jenna was more than enjoying this. Pulling my finger from her mouth, Jennna's face turned to disappointment as I unclipped her lead.
"There may be kids in there," I said softly as I hooked my finger in the loop of her wrist cuff, "I don't want to hear them ask mommy why that lady is being led around on a leash!"
"Makes sense Mistress." Jenna said as she dutifully followed me inside.
"I want you to go get 4 enema kits," I said as I let go of her cuff, "and meet me at the register."
"Where are they Mistress?" Jenna asked looking like a deer in headlights.
"You're not a complete bimbo pet," I smirked, "I'm sure you can figure it out, or you can ask someone. Don't keep me waiting."
Jenna made her way up and down a few aisles before finally stopping to ask the girl stocking shelves while I made my way to their inexpensive jewelry section. I could only imagine what the girl thought of an obviously flustered Jenna, wearing an obvious bondage collar and cuffs, looking for an enema kit! Giggling at what could possibly going through the stockers head, I found what I needed and went to the register. Jenna came up, with her 4 kits in her hands, buckling at the sight of the cashier. It got worse when he had to ask for a price check over the PA system.
With Jenna in tow, we headed out to the car. As it turned out the girl behind the register was someone Jenna knew. Putting my hand on her thigh I eased her fears as best I could heading back to the bar where Jenna's car was still parked. I watched as Jenna put her new purchases in the backseat of her car, keeping the inexpensive necklace I'd purchased hidden in my hand.
"Will this be it for tonight Mistress?" Jenna asked obviously disappointed.
"Not quite," I replied, "now kneel down for me." Without hesitation Jenna knelt in the parking lot by her car in full view of anyone who could pass by. "This necklace will be worn at all times," I said lowering the long necklace over her head, "it has the letter P on it because you are my pet." I could see Jenna getting emotional as I continued. "You will wear the collar you have on right now whenever practical," I said holding up the key which was on her necklace, "don't lose this key as it is the one I will allow you to keep in between our meetings."
"Yes, Mistress!" Jenna could hardly contain her excitement.
"You have a number of new toys to clean," I continued, "as well as an enema kit to use, I'll call later tonight before bed to make sure you are all set."
"Thank you so much, Mistress!" Jenna eagerly replied.
"Now," I said turning around and sticking my butt in her direction, "lift my skirt and give each cheek a loving kiss, you have to earn the right to press your lips anywhere else on my body!"
Again there was zero hesitation, I felt Jenna's hands whoosh my skirt upward, exposing my bare ass to the night air. Her lips and tongue lewdly kissed and tongued my ass cheeks until I finally had to step forward to get her to stop.
"If you're a good girl tonight pet," I said as I helped her to her feet, "I may let you cum, but nothing until I allow it!"
"Yes, Mistress!" Jenna seemed positively thrilled at the idea of not being allowed to masturbate until I gave permission.
Thankfully the drive to my place wasn't far. Instead of waiting to shed clothing until I got in my apartment, I started taking them off on the stairs heading up to my floor. By the time I arrived at my door my clothing was over my arm and all I had on were my heels. They barely survived the walk through my door. Instead of jumping right into scratching a very deep itch, I logged into my laptop searching my favorite literary site for ideas on training submissive females. Some of the ideas were amazing, others were a bit beyond where I wanted to go but to each their own. Finding a couple really good ones I decided to indulge my orgasm, one of us had to be level headed while the other was a horny mess after all. I decided to tease myself a bit while picking out something "Domme like" to wear for my video chat with Jenna.
Putting on a leather bustier, it was a cheap one but would do the trick, matching leather gloves and an oversized men's dress shirt I dialed up Jenna. As the video call connected I pulled my hair back.
"Hello Mistress!" Jenna eagerly answered.
"Good evening Pet," I replied attempting to sound cool and collected, "did you get everything clean?"
As the video portion connected I could see Jenna had on her new collar and necklace as well as a t-shirt. She brushed her hair out of her eyes revealing her cuffs were still in place as well. That was a good start but she was obviously overdressed.
"I did Mistress!" she replied practically bursting through the screen at me. "Everything is clean and ready to go!"
"Pet," I started a bit sternly, "do you live alone?"
"I have a roommate," she replied, "but he's not home right now."
"Good!" I replied. "Then take that T-shirt off and stand back so I can see all of you!"
The T-shirt came off in a blur as a muffled 'yes mistress' was said. With the phone propped up I got to see all of Jenna for the first time. She was shapely, with obvious tan lines from a tiny two piece, and obviously body conscious even though she had no need to be. Jenna struggled holding her hands at her sides, fighting the urge to cover herself.
"Relax pet," I said with a soothing voice, "that lovely body of yours is mine now, and I get to see it whenever I want. Understand?"
"Yes, Mistress!" Came her nervous reply.
"Will your roommate be home anytime soon?" I asked wondering how embarrassed I'd be if I had a friend walk in while on a video chat like this.
"He's closing tonight Mistress," Jenna replied, "plus he usually calls on his way home."
"Good!" My excitement grew as the idea of having Jenna to myself for a while sank in. "Go put cuffs on your ankles too," I said feeling my position in earnest, "then the real fun can begin." Jenna was out of view for only a moment as she quickly retrieved the cuffs and put them on. Hearing the clicks of her cute padlocks caused me to squeeze my legs. "Did you use the enema kit already?"
"Yes Mistress," her face turned beat red as she answered me, "it was odd and really gross."
"It gets better." I replied remembering my first thoughts of flushing my ass. "Get yourself one of the small starter plugs," I instructed letting my free hand slip between my thighs, "and the lube."
I walked her through lubing her index finger first, allowing her to tease her pussy as a distraction, to get her butt ready for the small plug. Jenna was close to cumming as she pressed the small plug against her virgin opening.
"Don't cum yet pet!" I warned. "You need to wait until I give you permission!"
"YES MISTRESS!" Jenna groaned.
"Take you hand away from your pussy until I say so." I cautioned not wanting her to cum until I was done with her." I watched as she struggled to comply. "Give those sweet titties of yours a tug for now." She groaned louder as she began torturing her nipples with her hand. "Let me know when the plug is all the way in Pet."
Jenna could only nod in response. With her side to me I watched as her body reacted to the penetration. She had one knee up on a chair while standing on her other foot, her hand pushing in the plug hid it from view but I knew it was almost fully seated. Her hand lowered from her butt, lingering over the back of her thigh as she fought to regain her composure.
"It's in Mistress." Jenna cooed.
"Good girl," I replied, "now stand up, and walk backwards toward the phone until I say stop."
Jenna complied, although I had to laugh at her quizzical look. Stopping her when she got close enough that her butt filled the screen I smiled at how embarrassed she would be by my next steps.
"Lean forward," I coolly instructed, "further. Just a bit further." Jenna followed my instruction making more of her red plug base visible as she leaned. "Yes," I exclaimed, "right there pet! Hold still!" The power I felt was intoxicating. "Okay pet," I said pleased with her ability to follow direction, "go back to the chair but bring a dildo and two of those chains with you!" Jenna quickly retrieved what I wanted, standing in front of the camera again with them in hand. "Attach the chains so they make one long one," I instructed feeling a moment of inspiration, "then put the chain around the bottom of the chair so the clips are in the front." Jenna did, her excitement was undeniable as she put the chains in place. "Now, be careful when you sit down," I said calmly, trying to slow her down as well, "then clip your ankle cuffs to the chain ends."
"Yes, Mistress!" Jenna replied as she clipped her left ankle.
Because of the chair, Jenna could barely keep her toes on the floor once she was attached to the chain. She leaned back in the chair, exposing herself to me completely. Her puffy pussy lips were soaked and spreading open with her legs in that position. Her body screamed "fuck me"! I hit the record button on my phone not wanting to miss any of what she was showing.
"Rub the dildo around your pussy," I said, "take it slow, I'm not in a rush." Jenna replied while rubbing the dildo around her wetness until it was also gleaming. "Very slowly," my voice a mixture of sexual excitement and coolness as I fought to maintain control, "slip that dildo into that pussy of yours."
"Yes, Mistress!" Jenna moaned as the dildo slowly, but easily slid inside her.
"Who's pussy is that Pet?" I asked.
"Yours Mistress!" she groaned holding the dildo all the way inside her.
"That's right pet!" My voice undeniably triumphant. "How does that dildo feel against the plug?" Jenna could only mumble in response. "I want you to fuck that pussy of mine hard pet," I said with my eyes glued to her body, "fuck it as if I were slamming that cock into you!"
"Ohhhhhyyyyeeesssssss Missstresssss!"
Jenna's hand turned into a blur as the dildo slammed into her over and over. My fingers lightly teased my clit as I watched her fuck herself into a hard orgasm. Her entire body rippled and quaked, her eyes getting so wide she almost looked like a cartoon character. Jenna's legs rebelled against the chains holding them in place, her body rising from the chair as she clenched her ass pulling the plug into her as deep as the base would allow. I watched in amazement as Jenna's first orgasm turned into a second one. Her body taking on a mind of its own as it dealt with sensory overload.
"Don't drop that dildo!" I scolded as it started to slip from her hand.
"Yes, Mistress." she replied weakly, barely holding the realistic phallus with just he head inside her.
Her body rippled again as she felt an aftershock, the first of quite a few that would follow. Jenna went slack against the chair, her head falling backward behind the rise and fall of her chest. I'd never witnessed an orgasm like that, it was something magnificent to see.
"Are you okay my Pet?" I asked as I continued to drink in every inch of her body.
"Yes, Mistress." Her reply was soft, barely a whisper.
"Before you move," I said watching her lift her head so I could look into her bright blue eyes, "you need to clean that dildo off." Jenna looked confused, wondering how she could accomplish that task without moving. "It goes in your mouth pet," I finally instructed, "lick and suck the entire thing clean."
Jenna was obviously shocked by my demand. While tentative at first, Jenna started to slowly lick the head of the dildo. Her attempts were not great, she would certainly need some work on her blow job skills. The 6" dildo barely made it over halfway into her mouth before she started gagging. If I could get an 8" dildo all the way into my mouth she would be able to manage it too. I decided not to tell her she was in for blowjob lessons soon because she finally seemed to be getting into what she was doing. It also couldn't have been that easy to be laid bare in front of a stranger who is directing your bondage orgasm!
"All clean Mistress!" Jenna said triumphantly.
"Very nice pet," I replied enjoying the satisfied look she had on her face after my compliment, "time to talk through our little session here."
I had been correct in my thoughts, Jenna had never done anything like this before, but for that matter I'd never been in this role during a video play session. This was new for both of us. I could tell from her voice, and her bodily reactions, that she'd enjoyed all of it though. When we were done talking she even asked when we could do it again. When I suggested the next time could be in person I watched her entire body shudder with excitement.
"Can I ask a question Mistress?" Jenna asked nervously.
"Of course pet!" I responded.
"Are you sure you've never done this before?" Jenna giggled as she asked.
"Oh I'm sure," I replied, "you are my very first pet." I could see Jenna swell with pride as I answered her. "Now you should unclip your chains from your ankles," I said looking a the time, and put your toys away." Jenna playfully frowned at this. "Oh don't worry," I winked, "you won't be putting everything away, when you go to stash this stuff in your room put on a sexy little thong to help hold that plug in place. You're sleeping with that inside you tonight!"
Jenna's look of shock was priceless. I watched as she collected her items and disappeared from view. While she was gone my hand returned to my pussy, which was dripping and desperately in need of attention. Teasing myself a bit, I waited for Jenna to return. When she did she had on a hot pink lace thong, which she turned around in modeling it for me.
"Can I ask one more question Mistress?" Jenna asked as she sat in the chair.
"Go ahead Pet." I replied letting my fingers linger over my clit a bit.
"When you had me back up to the camera" she hesitated a bit, swallowed hard, and continued, "and had me lean forward, what was that for?"
"Oh that?" I replied grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Well, I decided that you had such a lovely ass," I replied holding up my tablet which now had Jenna's plugged ass as the desktop wallpaper, "that I wanted it as my screen background!"
"Oh my God!" Jenna blushed deeply at the realization that I was telling her the truth.
Just then her roommate called to say she was already halfway home. I had Jenna promise she wouldn't take the plug out until she got up in the morning and wouldn't masturbate until I gave her permission. She then repeated a little mantra I came up with for her saying that her body was solely designed for my pleasure and use. I told her to repeat that mantra 3 times a day at a minimum then said goodnight.
At that point I'd denied myself enough. Springing from my bed I grabbed my favorite dildo, before sitting on the edge of the bed facing my tablet. Instead of watching myself on the cam as I performed for Nick I watched and listened to Jenna take direction. I'd never even suspected that I had any kind of a dominant streak in me, but putting Jenna through her paces had been an incredible rush! Closing my eyes, I listened to her cry out as she came. I came shortly after, listening to the sounds of her slurping on the wet dildo. Laying back on the bed, I pulled the dildo to my mouth, plunging it into my throat while my wetness seeped down my cheeks. I couldn't wait for my next session with Jenna, I knew however that I'd have to take things slow and control myself. Before drifting off to sleep I removed my bustier, then in a stroke of inspiration I worked a large plug into my ass before pulling on a thong to hold it in place.
"It's only fair!" I said to my reflection in the bathroom mirror.
Needless to say the next morning I woke up in a sopping wet thong with some very imaginative and intense dreams!