"Are you okay, you seem a little winded?" comes my brothers voice, so close to my ear so I could hear him over the loud music.
I nod in reply, terribly timed since I trip over my own feet in the next second, hoping he didnt see that.
"Let's get you a seat before you fall over and flash everyone your panties, yh?"
He leads me back to our booth where his friend sits. On seeing us though, he stands to leave, seemingly happy to be off table watching duty.
I stumble into the leather seat and finally take a breather while I go to take another sip of beer before its grabbed from my hand.
"Hey!" I say to my brother "give it back, asshole!"
"Nah I'm cutting you off"
"This is only my first and besides I'm nineteen, you can't do that!"
"Yes I can, little sis, ya almost face planted into the boards back there. Not happening on my watch" he switches his gaze to some brunette on the dance floor.
Okay maybe I did almost face plant but that's not cause I'm drunk- I actually am on my first drink- I just fucking hate walking in these heels but they were the only ones that would go with my outfit tonight so I was going to suck it up and wear them.
Before I could explain that to him though, he was already up and out of the booth, telling me not to move.
He came back barely two minutes later with a bottle of water, telling me to drink and leaving me once again.
Ignoring him, I reached for my beer bottle halfway across the table only to realise the dumbass had emptied it at some point. Scowling at the dance floor, I looked up and saw him and that brunette he was staring at earlier getting real close on the dance floor.
He was behind her, hands on her waist while she grinded her hips on his crotch, whispering something in her ear that made her giggle. When she did, he moved his one hand onto her ass while the other went to the front of her skirt and moved up.
A second later, she turned around, grabbed him by the belt and pulled him in the direction of the bathroom, making me cringe in disgust.
It's not that he's not a handsome guy, my brother. It's that I knew what they would be doing and honestly, I wish it was me getting railed by some random guy in a club.
I'd already staked out all the prospects and only two guys caught my attention but it seems while I was shaking my ass they both disappeared.
My brother sits back down, a satisfied smirk on his lips. "That was quick" I remark.
"Mm we didn't get to cause she got some phone call and I wasn't too eager to stick around when she said I couldn't stick it in with her bent over the sink during it."
"Eww TMI, David." I cringed, he smirked.
"She woulda been a great lay too, her ass was amazing and those boobs..fuck"
"Ewwww" I continued trying to get my water when he started talking again.
"Oh shut up, think I haven't noticed how you keep trying to seduce my friends with your tight little skirt that rides up everytime you move?"
My face grows warm "Yeah, you're a little tease, aren't you?" He laughs to himself "actually how about you come over here and sit on my lap and let's see if you're so confident then."
I blush hard and stand mumbling about having to use the bathroom but instead, I head to the bar and order six shots of vodka, downing them all.
Now I'm tipsy but instead of getting back, I get back on the dance floor and start shaking my ass once again. Some guy's hands come up on my waist and rub my ass slowly, moving everytime I do.
He's got me so wet now that I turn to kiss the stranger, only to see its him, my brother and blush.
"Yeah you thought you could just run, huh, you fucking tease." He whispers in my ear, making me shiver and turns me back around planting his front on me.
I gulp. He's hard...and big. " Oh come on, don't stop now" his hands move to cup my boobs and I smell the alcohol on his breath. Then he grabs my hand and moves us back to the booth shoving me in first, onto his to friends and coming in behind me.
Now I know for certain my skirt is up and my ass is in full view since I decided to wear a thong with this skirt so I try to get up but almost slip.
When I manage to, I come to find there's no space since his four friends who are watching us intently all have their legs spread in the tiny booth. I'm just about to ask them to move when I'm grabbed and placed on someone's lap. His.
I choose to ignore the length I feel beneath me but he's seemingly not happy with that and moves his hand under my skirt beneath the table, making me breathe deeper.
When I still don't pay him any attention, choosing instead to start scrolling through instagram, he gets bolder and shoves my panties to the side roughly while his one finger rubs along my slit.
I gasp in surprise, rhe feel of him directly on my pussy so raw. I haven't had sex in weeks do I'm quick to respond to his touch, already slowly grinding on his lap thinking this isn't right, this is my brother, but doing nothing to stop myself.
When he slips an entire finger in me, I let out a moan and thanks to the music, only the friend that's next to us hears, his eyes snapping up to meet mine. Then they trail downwards see me now being violently fingered to orgasm all while with a straight face.
Before I can get there though, his hand leaves my underwear and I can barely hold myself back from sighing in distaste.
The asshat, least he could do was make me cum.
Then his hands return to my waist and lift me up a bit, I imagine to make himself more comfortable since he's finally come to his senses.
He's drunk so he shouldn't remember this in the morning and I can just pretend nothing happened.
When he's ready, he pulls me back onto his lap where I think something feels different.
Then his hand is back where it shouldn't be and he's pulling my panties to the side once again
It's only when when I feel something start to poke me right in the pussy that I know he hasn't actually come to his senses.
Because he's naked from the waist down and there's nothing separating my very wet pussy from his very had, very big cock.
Before I can stop it however, he uses his fingers to press and then its all over. I gasp at the intrusion as he fills me, stretching me beyond my limits.
When I look back around the table to make sure no one else noticed, I find myself burning as I come to realise in fact that they had all noticed.
But none of them seemed to be surprised or even care in the least.
Here I was, 19 years old and impaled on my 25 year old brothers cock with an audience.
After a second, his hands returned to my waist and started to move me uo and down slowly, letting me get used to him. The pleasure that filled me was beyond anything I'd ever known and I couldn't hold back my moans and gasps.
We continued like that for minutes and in that time, his friends still had yet to react except for their eyes trailing my tits bouncing in my top.
One guy even grabbed one at a point before licking his lips and looking at his phone.
Ten or so minutes into my public fucking and I was so close to Cumming for the third time. He'd fucked me though my first 2 so well I wasn't surprised it was happening a third time, far more than I'm used to.
But then something changed and he got rougher. He moved faster, with so much more force and squeezed my waist almost painfully for a minute or so but then decided that wasn't enough for him.
Then, he turned me to face the rest of the booth and shoved me so I was laying across his one friends lap, surprising me.
Seconds layer, he was shoved back into me with us full force while I struggled to remain on my hands and knees. He took full advantage and started to rail me like I've never had.
So much harder. Faster. Stronger. Deeper than I was used to. At some point he seemed to lose all care for me and just started to fuck me without abandon. My ass jiggling and tits moving in every which way.
Then he buried himself to the hilt in me and shot his cum inside me. The feeling of being filled sent me into another orgasm and I wondered how we hadn't been caught yet.
I'd later come to find out one of his friends acted like a lookout or bouncer or whatever so we never got caught.
When he was dome with me, he moved my panties back into place. Spanked my ass twice and got up, taking a swig of a new bottle.
Then as if nothing had happened before, he and his friends got up, took care of the tab and dropped me back home with no mention whatsoever while I tried to make sense of the night.
I'd have to remember to get a plan b later.