Why had I even bothered? I hated coming to these parties alone. I looked around the bar's deck and saw a sea of faces, some of which I recognized, some I didn't.
Across the deck, my friend Hannah, one of the party's hosts, was talking to two men, neither of whom I'd met before. One of them, tall with a brown mullet hairstyle, I recognized anyway from the description he'd given of himself in the chat room earlier that day. I'd seen him in the chat room several times; the husband of one of the couples that belonged to the group, he was entertaining, and I decided to go introduce myself.
The other man, though, made me hesitate before I reached the group. About my height, Latino as best I could tell from his black hair, brown skin, and facial features. Which included the deepest brown eyes I'd ever seen. I'd noticed him earlier; our eyes had met across the crowd on the deck, and I'd had to turn away. Now I was going to talk to him? I almost changed my mind. But I hadn't had a chance to say hello to Hannah yet, and I wanted to meet Mr. Mullet, so I worked up my nerve and said, "Hi, everyone."
"Adrienne! Good to see you!" Hannah hugged me. "I'm glad you made it."
"Adrienne?" Brown-eyes repeated. "What's your chat room handle?"
"OutOfCuriosity," I replied.
"Hannah!" someone called from the admissions table.
"I'm in demand." Hannah hugged each of the guys. "Good talking to you. Have fun!" She walked off, leaving me standing there with two complete strangers.
One of whom had eyes that seemed to bore right through me. "I've seen you in the room," he said. "You said hello to me this morning. I'm Truetouch. Javier."
I recognized the handle; he'd been in the chat room that morning, and Hannah and a couple of others had been trying to persuade him to come to the party. I'd said hello to him, figuring if he was going to be here, I should be polite. I hadn't expected to actually meet him. "Nice to meet you," I said.
"And you know who I am, right?" Mr. Mullet tugged his hair.
I grinned. "You must be Towguy7."
"How'd ya guess?" He stuck out his hand. "My real name's Tom."
I shook with him. "Adrienne." I blushed. "Which you already heard. Good grief, sometimes I wonder about myself."
"Nothing wrong with introducing yourself," Javier said. "You put yourself down too much. I've noticed it in the chat room. You're brutal on yourself sometimes."
"I am?" When I'd first joined the chat room, I'd put myself down constantly, but I thought I'd gotten better about it. "I don't mean to be. It's my idea of humor."
"It isn't humorous. You're a beautiful woman, Adrienne. You should give yourself more credit."
"Definitely," Tom agreed.
I blushed again. Beautiful? Hardly. Javier was gorgeous; beside him I felt like a pasty white lump. But something about the way he said it stopped me from arguing. And made me believe it, just a little.
Ordinarily, I would have wandered off to talk to other people after a minute or two. But Javier and Tom bantered back and forth, making me laugh, and I didn't want to leave. I felt instantly comfortable with Tom, and even though I was still uncomfortable with Javier, I wanted to be around him.
I didn't contribute much to the conversation. I couldn't keep up with their joking and chatter. But it was entertaining, and they made an effort to include me. Within a few minutes, Javier was standing closer to me, occasionally smiling at me. When he put his arm around me, I knew that for that evening, at least, we were together.
After a while, Tom excused himself to go inside the bar so he could see part of the NASCAR race on TV. "Do you want to go in, too?" Javier asked.
I was a racing fan, but at that moment, I was more a Javier fan. "No, it's nice out here," I said. "It's a warm night."
"Good thing, because there isn't much to that dress of yours," he teased.
I tugged at the hem of the dress, which hit only a few inches down my thighs. "I've never worn anything like this before. I just wanted something different tonight."
"You should dress like that more often. You look very sexy."
"I do?"
"Uh huh, you do. Oh, there's Deirdre. I want to say hi to her."
He guided me over to a group of people on the other side of the deck. I noticed approval in the eyes of Deirdre and a few of the others when they noticed Javier's arm around me. They'd known me a while now, knew how shy I was and how little luck I'd had meeting anyone since I'd joined the adult chat site. Until that morning, I'd insisted in the chat room that I wasn't going to meet anyone at this party either, that I was just going to see friends and hang out. Several people had debated with me, telling me they were sure I was going to meet someone that night. I hadn't believed it could happen. "Hey, Curiosity?" one of them said now.
"Hey what?" I responded.
"Told ya so." He laughed.
Deirdre hugged Javier, then planted a kiss on his lips. "How you doing, baby? Haven't seen you for a while." She ran her hand over his white T-shirted chest. "Looking good!"
"So are you, as always," Javier replied. "How have you been?"
They made small talk for a moment. I felt awkward standing there, and considered wandering off to talk to other friends, but Javier's arm around my waist made it clear he wanted me with him. The conversation with the others lasted only a few minutes. "Let's go somewhere quieter," Javier said.
"All right." I was nervous about going somewhere alone with him, but how alone could we be at this bar? At most, we'd be only a few yards from the crowd. It was perfectly safe. And my nerves weren't from any fear that Javier might do something I didn't want. They were because I was afraid of what I did want.
He took my hand, the color of his skin contrasting with my paleness, and we went to the stairs that led from the deck to the lawn below. On the way, I saw another friend whom I hadn't spoken to for a while. "Hold on, I want to say hi to someone," I told Javier.
"No problem."
Shelly smiled when we approached. "Adrienne! How have you been?"
"I'm great. This is Javier- um, Truetouch."
"We met at the meet and greet in May," Javier said.
"Right, I remember." Shelly smiled. "So are you two on a date tonight?"
"No, we just met," I said quickly.
"But so far, we're getting along very well." Javier hugged me.
Giving into an impulse, I kissed him. Our first kiss was soft and sweet, and held the promise of more to come.
Shelly smiled. "Well, enjoy your night."
"Thanks." I couldn't hide my own smile.
Javier and I went down to one of the picnic tables on the lawn. "You know a lot of people," he commented.
"Yeah. I've come to several of the parties, and I've come to this bar a few times when it wasn't a planned party. Plus I'm in the chat room way too much."
He laughed. "It's easy to get sucked in. You're very friendly in the room, though. Everyone seems to like you."
"Yeah, I guess. I try to be nice to everyone, unless they give me reasons not to be."
"I hope I'm giving you reasons to be nice."
"Definitely."
"Good to hear."
Arms around me, he pulled me to him and we shared another kiss. This one was far less subtle than the first. Javier's tongue touched my lips, persuading them to part. His hand moved to my side and I held my breath, expecting him to touch my breast and uncertain how I should respond if he did. Fortunately, he didn't.
I couldn't tell how long the kiss lasted, but finally he pulled away and smiled. "You're cute when you blush."
"I'm blushing?" I touched my face. "Sorry."
"Why? There's nothing wrong with it. Are you embarrassed that we kissed like that?"
"No, not at all." Though I was a little embarrassed at the thought that others might have seen. "I'm just not used to having someone like you pay so much attention to me."
"Someone like me? What do you mean?"
Under the casualness of his tone was an edge. I realized how my statement might have sounded to him. "Someone so... so hot!" I said. "You're gorgeous!"
My face got hot; I was blushing even more. Javier touched my cheek. "You're beautiful, Adrienne. Why wouldn't I pay attention to you? You need to think better of yourself."
"Thank you."
The breeze picked up and I shivered. "Are you cold?" Javier asked. "Do you want to go inside?"
I wanted to stay there with him, but the wind was getting cooler by the second. "Yeah, I think we'd better," I said. "I didn't expect it to cool off like this. I don't even have a jacket."
"I have one in my car. We can go get it if you want."
His car? That would be in the parking lot... away from the party... where we would be completely alone. "Um, I think I'll be okay if we go inside."
"All right." He stood and took my hand to help me up.
We walked into the bar with our arms around each other. Just inside the door, Tom was standing with a group, watching the race. "Who's winning?" I asked.
"Kenseth," Tom said. "Who's your driver?"
"Dale Junior."
Javier rolled his eyes. "Racing. It's not a real sport."
Tom laughed. "Hey, watch it, buddy."
"I'm going to get a drink," Javier said to me. "Do you want anything?"
"Ginger ale, please."
"That's all?"
"I'm allergic to alcohol."
"Ah. Ginger ale it is, then." He threaded his way through the crowd.
"Seems like you're having a good night," Tom said.
"Yeah. I wasn't expecting to meet anyone tonight, though."
"I remember seeing you say that in the room. Enjoy it, Adrienne. He really seems to like you."
"Yeah, he does." Though I couldn't understand why.
After a few minutes, Javier returned with a bottle of beer and a red plastic cup, which he handed to me. "The bar's insane," he said. "Everyone decided to get thirsty at once. So are the cars still going in circles?"
"No, they decided to try squares for a while," Tom joked.
"Technically, it isn't a circle, it's an oval," I added.
Javier gave me a look. "Uh huh. Are you going to drink your ginger ale?"
I took a sip and dribbled down the front of my dress. "Oh, shit! I'm such a clutz!"
"Yes, but don't worry about it," Javier said. "It isn't like you spilled the whole thing. Go into the bathroom and wipe it off. I'll hold your cup for you."
I handed it to him. "Thank you."
In the restroom, I took a piece of paper towel and sponged at the drips on my dress. A couple of women I knew came in. "Curiosity!" one of them squealed. "How are you?"
"I'm good, thanks." I looked doubtfully at my dress and decided the wet spot wasn't as obvious as I thought.
"A better question is, who's that yummy guy you're with?" the other woman said. "Did you bring him?"
"No, we met here," I said. "His handle's Truetouch."
"You bitch!" She winked to show she was kidding. "Sweetie, he's the hottest man here! Good for you. Hang onto him, or one of us might steal him."
"Don't worry, I will." I tossed the paper towel into the trash. "Have fun."
"You too, bitch." The women laughed as I left.
Javier was still standing with Tom. He gave me back my ginger ale. "Be careful with it," he said. "It might attack you again."
"Someone else might too," I teased, and immediately felt my face grow warm.
"You never know, someone might," Javier agreed.
"Oh, would you two just get a room!" Tom said.
"We might have to," Javier replied. He stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around me. "Such a hot woman, I might not go home like I'd planned."
"You're going home tonight?" I felt a twinge of disappointment, then shock when I realized I'd already begun to think about spending the night with him.
"I live less than an hour away, and I'm watching my budget. How about you? Do you have a room?"
"No, I couldn't afford one. I'm staying with a friend; he has a room with two beds."
"So neither of you has a room?" Tom laughed. "You could have planned that better."
"We didn't plan it," I reminded him. "You saw us meet for the first time."
"So I did, but still."
A woman came into the room carrying a basket of roses. "Five dollars," she called. "Buy a rose for a lady. Five dollars."
"I'll take one for my wife," Tom said, taking out his wallet. The woman waited patiently beside him while he pulled out a five, then allowed him to take a red rose. "I'll be right back," he said to Javier and me. "I have to go find the missus and give this to her."
Javier pulled his wallet out of his pocket. "I'll take one too," he said.
I stared at him. No one had bought me flowers in years. He handed the woman a ten dollar bill, and while she got his change told me, "Choose the one you want."
I chose a bright pink rose and picked it up carefully, mindful of the thorns that were still attached to the stem. "Thank you," I said softly.
Javier kissed me. "You're welcome. It's beautiful, just like you."
Someone bumped me, and more of my ginger ale slopped out of the cup, though this time it didn't land on me. "It's getting crowded in here," I said.
"Maybe we should go back out to the deck. There's more room there."
"It's cold."
"Then come out to my car and I'll let you borrow my jacket."
Should I? There was no telling what might happen out in the parking lot. I trusted Javier; it was myself I wasn't sure of. But what the hell. I was always scared, always shy. It was time to come out of my shell. "All right."
"Leave your ginger ale here." Javier set his beer down on the table beside us. "I wouldn't want to you spill it while you're walking."
Putting down my cup, I stuck my tongue out at him. "I'm not that clumsy."
"Uh huh. Sure you're not." He took my hand. "Come on."
We went out the back door of the bar to the parking lot. "I'm in the far corner," Javier said. "Didn't want to take a chance on anyone dinging my car."
"Good thinking." I pointed to the twelve-year-old hunk of tin we were passing. "That's mine. I don't care if anyone dings it."
"Hey, as long as it runs, it doesn't matter what it looks like. But I'm still paying for mine, so I want to make sure it stays in good shape."
We walked across the lot to a small silver car. Javier took a set of keys out of his pocket and pushed a button on the keyring. "I have a lot of stuff in here," he explained, opening the back door. "But there's a jacket somewhere."
He rummaged around in the back seat and finally emerged with a grey windbreaker. "That should keep you warm."
I set my rose on the trunk of the car, and took the jacket from him and put it on. "Thank you."
"You're welcome."
Suddenly his arms were around me, pulling me hard against him as he leaned back against the car. Our mouths came together, his tongue pressing against mine. His hand found my breast, fingers pinching my hard nipple through the thin fabric of the dress. I wore no bra; my breasts were small enough I didn't really need one, and I'd been unable to find one to wear with the spaghetti straps of the dress. Strapless bras were useless for me; they always fell down.
I gasped, but made no move to stop him. His touch felt too good. But when his hand left my breast and slipped up under the hem of my skirt, I jumped. "It's all right," he said softly.
"We- anyone could see us."
He slid his hand slowly up my thigh. One finger teased the skin at the edge of my thong. "Would it matter if they did? This feels good, doesn't it?"
Better than good. The combination of his touch and the possibility of being caught brought a rush of wetness to my pussy. But how could I let him do this? "It feels good, but-"
"No but." His finger slipped past my thong to my clit. The first touch sent a jolt through me, and I moaned. "You like this. It's okay, Adrienne. I want you to feel good."
"I...Oh, god!" I couldn't believe I was letting him finger me in the parking lot. I warred with myself; I wanted him to stop, but I wanted him to continue.
His lips found mine again, stilling any protest I might have made. He continued stroking my clit with his finger. I was barely aware of the sounds I made as my orgasm built. As though aware how close I was to coming, Javier moved his finger faster. I came, gasping and moaning into his mouth, and slumped against him.
He brought his finger to his mouth and sucked my juices from it. "Mmm, delicious." He put his arms around me. "Did you enjoy that?"
"Um, yeah. I guess you could say that." I looked into his eyes, the deep brown eyes that threatened to swallow me. "No one's ever... I've never let anyone do that before."
"You mean finger you? Or finger you in a public place?"
"Public place."
"But it turned you on, didn't it?"
"Yeah."
"You are cute when you blush." He let go of me and picked up my rose. "Don't want to forget this."
I took it from him. "No, I don't."
Holding hands, we went back inside. I was sure everyone who looked at me could tell, or at least suspected, what Javier and I had been doing. The thought made me blush yet again.
When Javier and I went out to the deck, we were met by the photographer that Hannah and Deirdre had hired. "Mind if I take your picture?" he asked.
"Sure." Javier put his arm around my waist, and we leaned close together. The photographer snapped the picture, and Javier and I kissed. I thought I saw another flash from the camera, but wasn't sure. I hoped so. I'd need a picture to believe this night was happening.
We spent a while making the rounds, dancing, and chatting with friends. Javier's hands on me kept me in a constant state of arousal, even with innocent touch. When he fondled my breast in front of a picnic table full of people, I got wet. And then he took my hand and brought it to the bulge at the front of his pants.
His cock felt larger than I expected. I rubbed and squeezed it, then realized we were still in front of the group. As though I'd been burned, I yanked my hand away. Javier laughed. "Shy?"
"They don't all need to see."
"No one was looking." He kissed me again. My lips parted, and my hand, as though on its own, went back to his cock.
All too soon, the DJ announced, "Last song, last call. Hannah and Deirdre would like to invite you all to join them back at the hotel for the afterparty, but you can't stay here."
"Do you want to go to the afterparty?" I asked Javier. I didn't want the night to end yet. Or at all, if I was honest with myself.
"I'd like that, but I don't know where the hotel is. Do you mind if I follow you?"
"No, not at all." I just hoped I could remember the way. I'd stayed at that hotel three times before, but each time, I'd gotten lost.
Some of the partiers had already left. As the last song, a slow one, played, people trickled out of the bar to the parking lot. Javier and I walked together, arms around each other. In one hand, I still held the rose.
At my car, Javier gave me a long, deep kiss, slipping his tongue between my lips. He reached under my skirt again, but stopped short of slipping his finger into my thong. "I'll see you at the hotel."
"See you there."
Fortunately, I managed to find the way to the hotel. Javier parked beside me and we joined the crowd that took up the sidewalk in front of several rooms. People wandered back and forth, chatting and drinking. It wasn't long before Javier said, "I can't stay much longer, and I'd like some time alone with you before I go. Do you think your friend will give you the key to the room?"
"I'll ask."
I found Allen, the guy I was sharing a room with, inside one of the rooms that had been left open for the afterparty. He wasn't exactly a friend of mine; I'd never met him before tonight, but Deirdre had connected us because I needed a place to stay for the night, and he was looking for someone to split a room. Though when Deirdre had introduced us at the beginning of the party, he'd told me not to worry about paying him my share.
"Could I have the room key?" I asked when we found him. "Um, Javier's going to take my bag over for me."
"I'm sure that isn't all he's going to take." Allen took a keycard out of his pocket. "This is the only one I have, so tell you what. I'll hang out here a couple hours, give you guys some time alone, but you have to listen for me to knock so you can let me in. Otherwise I'll be stuck sleeping in the hall. Oh, and I claimed the bed by the door. You get the one by the window."
"We won't throw you out of your own room," Javier said. "If you want to go back to it earlier, that's okay."
Allen looked at me, taking in the blush and the smile that I hadn't been able to remove from my face all night. "I don't mind. You kids have fun."
"Oh, we will," I said.
I took the keycard from him, and Javier and I went to my car to get my overnight bag. Before I could open the door, Javier pinned me against the car. A brief kiss on my mouth, then his lips found their way down my neck to my cleavage. "Can't wait till we get to the room?" I teased.
He lightly bit my breast. "What are you so afraid of? What if someone does see us? Maybe they'd want to join us."
"I hope you're kidding."
He let go of me. "Of course I am." But I got the sense he hadn't been. "Get your bag," he said. "I want to make the most of the time we have before Allen interrupts."
I opened the trunk of my car. "He thinks we're going to have sex."
"Uh huh. And what do you think?"
"I..." I didn't know. It wasn't unheard of for me to have sex with a guy on the first date, but the dates I'd had had been with guys I'd become friends with, either through meeting at the parties or at the very least through multiple phone and IM conversations. The only time I'd even seen Javier in the chat room had been that morning; I didn't know him at all, except what I'd gotten to know in the course of our conversations that night. But the chemistry between us was undeniable. "I think..."
"You're not sure." Javier smiled. "It's all right, carina. Why don't we go to your room and see what happens when we're there? No pressure. We won't do anything you don't want to do. But I know that I don't want to leave quite yet."
"I don't want you to leave."
"Good."
He took my bag out of the trunk. Carrying it with one hand, he held my hand with the other as we walked to Allen's room. Inside the room, Javier dropped my bag on the floor and pulled me tightly against him. "You're so beautiful," he murmured. "And to think I almost didn't come to this party."
"Deirdre would never have forgiven you," I said. "Isn't that what she said in the chat room this morning?"
"Yes, it is."
"I'm glad you decided to show up." I kissed him. "It's been an amazing night. Thank you."
"For what?" He cupped my breast with one hand. "It has been a very enjoyable night. There's nothing to thank me for; I've had as wonderful a time as you."
Our mouths came together, tongues swirling, hands touching and groping. Javier maneuvered me toward the bed Allen had said was mine. I expected him to lay me down on it, but instead he grasped the hem of my dress and pulled it up. "I need to see you," he whispered.
I was always uncomfortable being naked in front of anyone; I didn't think my body was that attractive. I'd lost nearly a hundred pounds a couple years earlier, and the saggy skin was still there. My breasts were too small; my belly, even with the weight loss, was too big. I'd barely dared to wear the short, revealing dress I'd chosen that night. I was afraid now that when Javier saw my body, he'd walk out the door. His chest and shoulders were broad and hard, his stomach flat. The man was gorgeous. How could he like what he would see once my dress was off?
But he had already raised my dress above my thong, and despite my fears, I stifled my protests. Maybe he would walk out when he saw my naked body. That would be his loss. I was through letting silly fears and low esteem get the better of me. That was what the dress symbolized, a new, more confident Adrienne. I raised my arms above my head, allowing Javier to remove the dress completely. Standing before him in only my black thong, I said, "What do you think?"
"What kind of question is that?" He placed a gentle kiss on each nipple, then one just above my navel. "I think you're beautiful, as I've been telling you all night. And I think you're still being hard on yourself. If I tell you that you're beautiful, accept it."
I nodded. "All right."
"So now what are you going to do?"
I knew what I wanted to do. It was getting my body to obey my mind's command that was the problem. "Confidence," I reminded myself.
Taking hold of Javier's T-shirt, I pulled it out of his black slacks. Not quite daring to try to remove it yet, I ran my hands under it, touching the bare skin of his chest. "Take it off," he said.
Slowly I pulled his shirt up over his head, and tossed it on the floor to join my dress. Now we stood together, holding each other. I loved the feeling of his body against mine, drank in the sight of his brown skin against my pale white. Our hands explored each other as our lips and tongues met again.
This time, Javier did ease me back onto the bed. He lay beside me, stroking my legs and belly, everywhere but where I really wanted him to touch. "Tell me what you want," he said.
"I want you to touch me."
"I am touching you." He lightly ran a finger over the crotch of my thong. "Or do you mean here?"
"I mean there."
"Then tell me. What do you want me to touch?"
"My pussy," I whispered.
"Like this?" He slipped his fingers into my thong and tickled my clit. I caught my breath. "Do you like that, carina?"
"Yesss."
He took his hand away. "You've forgotten something." He gestured at his pants. "Why are these still on?"
"Because you didn't take them off?"
"No. Because you didn't take them off." He lay on his back and grinned. "Until they're removed, I'm not going to touch you."
I hadn't undressed a man before; the men I'd been with had done it themselves. But the idea increased my arousal beyond the point I thought possible. I fumbled with Javier's belt, wishing he'd give me a little assistance but enjoying the power of having to do it myself. Finally I managed to unbuckle it, and unfastened the button and zipper of his pants. "Take them off," he murmured.
He raised his hips so I could ease his pants down and off. Beneath them, he wore blue silk boxers, with a good-sized bulge in the front. "Those too?" I asked.
"If you want. But if you take them off, your thong had better come off too."
"If you want that off, you'll have to remove it."
He laughed. "Fair enough. But what about these?"
I pulled his boxers off. His cock was long and thick, larger than it had felt when I'd touched it through his clothes. I sighed at the sight of it and wrapped my hand around it. Javier moaned. "Do you like this?" I asked, deliberately echoing him.
"Very much." His fingers found my pussy. "As much as you like this, I think."
"Uh huh."
Rolling onto his side, Javier licked his fingers again, then grasped the top of my thong and pulled it down. I tried to keep my grip on his cock, but had to let go. He dropped my thong on the bed beside me and positioned himself between my legs. "I want to fuck you," he said. "Is that what you want?"
All the touching and teasing... the fondling and fingering... The sexual tension and attraction had built all night. I ached to feel him inside me, but I didn't dare to admit it. Then something occurred to me. "Do you have a condom?"
"Shit." He rolled off me. "I wasn't expecting anything to happen tonight. I didn't bring any with me. So I guess we'll have to leave things as they are."
"Not necessarily." I went to my overnight bag. I was pretty sure I had at least one condom hidden in the inner pocket. After a moment of rummaging, I found one and brought it to Javier. "Always prepared."
"Uh huh. And with how many men have you had to be prepared?" He laughed at the expression on my face. "I'm teasing, Adrienne. I don't want to know anything about what you've done with anyone before me. Now, if you want to fuck me, put that on me."
I opened the packet and took out the condom, which I unrolled over Javier's cock. He gasped at my touch and his cock seemed to grow even larger. "Ride me," he said. "I want to see you sitting on my cock."
I straddled him and lowered my pussy onto his waiting cock. It filled me completely. "Oh, my god, that feels so good!" I exclaimed.
Javier grasped my hips. "Fuck me."
I rode him slowly at first, to be sure I could keep my balance, then picked up the pace. This was my favorite position, one that always made me come quickly. We fucked faster, Javier raising himself to meet each of my downward thrusts, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.
Then there was a knock on the door.
"Fuck!" I shouted, out of frustration rather than passion.
With more presence of mind than I had, Javier called, "Wait a minute." He lifted me off him. "Get dressed."
I quickly pulled my dress and thong back on. Javier put on his boxers and pants, and nodded to me to answer the door while he put on his shirt. I opened the door to Allen. "Did I interrupt something?" he asked.
"Uh, yeah, kind of," I said.
"Sorry." He came into the room. "The afterparty ended sooner than I thought it would. The desk clerk came down and shooed us all away; some of the other guests complained. I can go somewhere else if you want more time."
"No, that's okay." Javier came up behind me and put his arm around me. "As I said, this is your room. We don't have any right to keep you out of it. And I need to get going anyway, so I don't fall asleep on the way home."
"Okay." Allen shook his hand. "Have a good night."
"You too."
Javier pulled me out into the hallway with him and closed the door carefully so it wouldn't latch behind me. "I'm going to have a serious case of blue balls," he said.
"We could have asked Allen to leave."
"That wouldn't be right. He's the one paying for the room. We'll just have to wait for another time."
Wrapping our arms around each other, we kissed again. Javier slid his hand to my pussy and fingered my clit. Here, in the hotel hallway, there was even more risk of being caught. I tried to pull away, but Javier kept his other arm tightly around me for a moment longer before bringing his finger to his mouth and licking it. "You taste very good," he said.
"Are you nuts? Someone could have come out of their room and seen us!"
"And what if they had? Are you ashamed?"
"No, but..."
"Don't worry so much. We're doing the same thing that at least half the other people here are doing." He looked into my eyes. "We'll see each other again, carina, and then we'll finish what we started tonight. Until then, sweet dreams." He kissed my cheek and walked away without looking back.
I went back into the room. In the bathroom, I changed into my pajamas, then got into bed. Allen, already half asleep, chatted with me for a few minutes, then was silent except for light snores. I slipped my finger into my folds and rubbed my clit, bringing myself quickly and quietly to the orgasm I'd been denied.
As I came, in my mind, I saw a pair of deep brown eyes.