[All the characters in this story are 18 or older]
Nobody tried to help, as Matt and Damon chased me down the hallway. Nobody tried to stop them, as I cried for help, running helplessly. They just moved away from the path, and a few pointed at me and laughed.
I'm Trevor. Matt and Damon are my bullies. I'm your typical nerdy kid, with a small built, and huge glasses. Matt and Damon were star football players, their friend Mike was the captain, who also bullies me, but today he wasn't there.
As I took a corner and turned into an empty hallway, I completely missed the wet floor sign and slipped onto the floor. I cried out in pain, as Matt and Damon also came around the corner and saw me.
"Trevor, why do you try anymore, you know you can never run away from us," said Matt, as Damon pulled me up to my feet. I also wondered why I tried to hide anymore, being that it never works, as they pulled me towards the gym, and I walked, not trying to escape anymore.
They gave me a swirly, but unlike most times, they didn't let me go. I didn't know what they wanted to do more, but I figured if I don't fight it, it'll end soon.
Matt did something on his phone as Damon made sure the gym was empty. Then they pulled me to a locker and pushed me in. Matt hissed as he told me to not make any noise, and Damon told me to keep my eyes open. I was really confused, and scared, as this was something new. As they closed the door, I noticed they had made a couple small holes, and I realized they want me to look through it; and I was scared what was gonna happen, so I didn't.
But then I heard two voices. One of them was Mike, and the other was Bella.
Who is Bella? She is my girlfriend. I know what you're thinking; how can someone like me have a girlfriend, and even that was a sexy petite girl like Bella. Lemme tell you. Our families are friends, and thus we spent a lot of time together at each other's house. Then we got closer and... we started dating. It was a long time ago, we were kids, I was still a smart happy boy and she was still a cute girl, but then puberty came, I became this nerd that gets bullied, and she grew c cup boobs, with a butt that can make any guy hard. She joined the cheerleading team and became popular af. I don't really know why she still dated me.
"Mike, why are you bringing me here?" I heard her ask, and I froze. I was scared as to what was gonna happen. Were they gonna beat me up in front of her? I always managed to never let her watch me get beaten up, but was it gonna happen now? I had to watch out the small holes they made for me.
"Baby, stop worrying so much, don't you trust me?" I heard Mike say, as I saw his hand on her ass. I was so confused, why isn't she pushing him away, what's going on?
"Mike, seriously, why am I here?" she asked, looking around, as Damon gave Mike the smallest possible nod. Mike smiled and looked at me, and winked.
"Shh, I missed you so much," Mike said, as he turned her and brought her in front of him with a quick pull, and kissed her, deeply. His hands were under her skirt, and I could see them grabbing her ass firmly. Bella hated when I tried to touch her boobs and would scold me and tell me how wrong it is, but here she is letting him grab and press her ass as much as he wants.
She broke the kiss and looked back at the other two, and quietly said, "Mike, why are they here? They don't know about us."
"Baby, I need you to do something for me," Mike said, as Matt and Damon came closer. "You want me to be happy, don't you?"
"Mike, what is this?" Bella asked and I could sense a bit of fear in her voice.
"Baby," Mike said, grinning at the other two, "I need you to fuck all three of us."
"Mike! No! No!" she said, pushing him and taking back a couple steps.
"Baby, come on, don't you want me to be happy? You know how grumpy I get when I'm not happy and then cheerleading team doesn't get enough budget." He said, with a smug smile, and Bella stared at him with her arms crossed.
She was thinking, and I was sure she was gonna say know. The Bella I knew would definitely say no.
So, imagine my surprise, when she said, "okay," looking down at her feet.
Matt and Damon high fived, as Mike grinned and pulled her in for another kiss, and I could tell that she wasn't into it this time.
I think I should mention that I was getting a small boner at this point.
Mike kissed her lips and bit them and pulled them, as she moaned, while Damon got behind her back and kissed her neck. His hands were roaming the front of her body, gently tugging her shirt out of her skirt.
I hated how turned on I was at this, but I still wanted to jump out, and punch them all in the face, kick them, kill them, and save her, and prove what a man I am to her. But I couldn't. I was scared of them. And... she didn't look like she needed saving.
Matt tapped the door twice, teasing me, as he went to her side and got on his knees. Mike broke the kiss and walked back to a bench to sit and watch. Bella walked him leave, as Matt got to her front. She looked down at him, and moaned as Damon bit her neck.
Matt kissed her inner thigh and up to her panties, as Damon whispered something to her ear, while unbuttoning her front. He kissed her lips from the back, as Matt pulled down her panties. To be honest with you, I have never saw what's underneath her panties.
She was blushing, listening to whatever Damon had said, and I was jealous, and angry and hurt, and curious to know what he said.
Matt's face was lost under her skirt, and I know he found what he was looking for, as she gasped and bent forward. Somewhere between all these, Damon unhooked her bra and it hung loose under her boobs. I had seen them in a couple pictured she had sent me before, but I have never watched them in real life.
They were perfect. They were big and firm, with dark areola and huge nipples. She blushed as she looked down at her naked boobs. Damon reached around and pinched her nipples. She moaned.
She looked at Mike, and Mike just smiled at her. He was enjoying this. He brought out his phone and took a couple pictures. She was gonna protest, but Matt had made her moan again, and this time, I guess she wasn't gonna stop.
She was moaning loud and bent forward. I guess Damon playing with her nipples and biting his back and neck and whispering whatever it was he was whispering, with Matt and his magical tongue on her clit was too much for her. She came, hard, and this was the first time I witnessed a live female orgasm, sucks I wasn't a part of it.
The front of my pant was wet, guess I came too.
She was a lot more relaxed after her first orgasm, as she kissed Damon back, and slid her fingers through Matt's hairs.
Matt got up and stood in front of her, and she gave him a shy smile. Matt smiled back and said "good girl," making her blush.
Matt unbuckled his pants and pulled them down, bringing out his dick, and it was huge... like actually huge. I have heard about dicks being long and all, but I thought it's stupid, and mine is just fine, but as I saw his, I knew, mine was not "fine."
He kissed her lips as he guided her hand onto his dick. She started to rub his dick without any hesitation, as Damon also pulled down his pants, bringing out his dick, which was equally massive and magnificent. If I was gay, I would happily give them blowjobs.
She giggled as she felt Damon's dick against her ass. Matt gave her a nod and she guided his dick into her pussy.
She gasped and moaned, as she took it all in, and watching how comfortable she was, it didn't took me any time to understand that, she was not the pure virgin she promised me she was. Why am I getting a boner again?
Matt started to fuck her as she continued to moan. She was telling how good that dick feels into her pussy, and I pulled down my zipper, bringing out my dick.
Meanwhile, Damon had lubed up his dick and ready to enter her. I guess she forgot about him, as she kinda jumped, feeling a dick against her ass. But she didn't protest, as he pushed his dick up her asshole. It was tight and I could see how much in pain she was, but she didn't protest.
Damon slowly filled her ass with his dick, as she moaned and put her fist into her mouth, trying to muffle her screams, but finally it was all in. She gasped as Damon started to move.
She was moaning like crazy and came again, with two dicks moving in and out of her. Mike was just sitting there enjoying the show, but I guess he was getting impatient. He got up and walked up to them. He moved a few of Bella's brown hairs off of her face, as it was completely filled with sweat. "Is daddy proud of me?" she asked, and Mike replied "yes baby, daddy is proud of his good girl."
I think Damon was getting close, as she started to moan, guess it's hard to hold much longer in the ass. Mike looked at the two and ordered Damon to move out and Matt to lie down on the floor. They had to listen to him, and didn't protest, though I guess Damon was a bit disappointed.
Bella sat on his dick and started to ride up and down, as Matt moaned. Mike pulled down his pants and put his dick in front of her lips. I was surprised to see her open her lips.
Damon stood by, rubbing his dick, as he watched Bella put her lips around Mike's dick. But, being the good girl that Bella is, she couldn't let him be sad. So she grabbed Damon's dick and started to jerk him off.
Mike gagged her, as she choked onto his dick. She moaned as she came again, but she didn't stop, she continued to suck and jerk while her whole body shook with pleasure.
Matt slipped out of her pussy and stood up, he guided her free hand onto his dick and she started to jerk him off too.
Damon was the first to cum. I think she wasn't really ready for him, cause for a moment, she stopped and gasped on Mike's dick, as Damon came onto her hairs and face. But then she continued, as damon took a few steps back and sat on a bench, panting.
Then it was Matt. He came over her boobs and bra. But this time Mike had her head pushed onto his dick, so she couldn't protest. He was gagging her and pinched her nose, making her beg for air.
Mike fucked her face for a lot longer as the two guys pulled up their pants and sat down, waiting for Mike.
She was rubbing her clit violently, as she continued to suck his dick. She came and moaned, as she came while sucking his dick and I came too, inside the locker.
And then Mike came. He filled up her mouth with his cum, and pinched her nose, making her drink all of it. Which she did, being the good girl that she is.
She cleaned off his dick, as he pulled out. I sat there, panting, waiting to see what happens next, will they do something else to me? I wondered, as Mike pushed her back on the floor, and pulled up his pants.
"You are such a good slut, Bella," he said, and she smiled, and they all left the gym, leaving her on the floor, a complete mess, sweaty, filled with cum, boobs hanging out and the look of a woman who has just had a good fuck.
I was wondering what was gonna happen next, cause I could not come out then. She would never hang out with me if she knew that I saw. And I still loved her... and I wished to fuck that slut over there.
I watched her sit there, looking for her panties, she scraped the cum from her tits with her fingers and licked it clean.
She got up, as she saw her panties, pulled them up.
She cleaned up her face, fixed her hairs. Hooked her bra and buttoned up her shirt. She had a sad look on her face, and I wondered why. She sighed as she tried to wash off the cum from her face hairs and shirt, but it didn't help much. She sighed. I hoped her home will be empty and she would be able to change into something before anyone saw her.
She looked around the gym one last time, idk looking for what, and left.
I sat there for about half an hour more, trying to take it all in. I cried a bit, understanding what a wimp I am. I was pissed at her for cheating on me.
And then I left.
**************
What happened next? That night when I was at home trying to study and take my minds off of things, Mike sent me the photos.
Bella texted me that night and said a lot of things, about how she things she's a bad girlfriend and I should break up with her, but she didn't tell me what happened, no matter how much I pushed. I acted like I didn't see what I saw.
Time passed. We had got naked after a while together, we didn't have sex, but she did let me finger her, and she jerked me off. She faked an orgasm to make me happy, and I knew it was fake cause I saw her real orgasm. But I was still glad that she cared about me.
They continued to fuck. Mike sent me photos of his more friends fucking her on my birthday, on our anniversary, and other special days. She had told me that she had to attend family business and thus couldn't meet me.
I sometimes masturbated to the photos and videos Mike sent me.
She loved me. She really did. She stayed with me, till the graduation day. Then she broke up with me. She was crying, but she wouldn't tell me what happened.
I never told her that I knew, and she never told me what happened. We still text each other from time to time. I don't know what happened to my bullies after graduation, and I liked it that way.
I still have the photos and videos Mike sent me, and I have them backed up on multiple platforms.
I'm such a wimp.