Rory is in his early sixties, but as his friends and neighbours tell him, "Really? thought you were 10 years younger."
He is still very active sexually, whether with Thora, his wife, who also enjoys a good fuck session during day or at bedtime, or when by hinself, from his own left hand, if you get my meaning!
Rory and Thora, have been married over 35 years, and have one daughter, Alicia, a very beautiful 40 year old professional woman in her own right.
She is Thora's daughter from a failed marriage nearly 40 years ago, and he, Rory, when Thora and him got married, has brought her up as his own since she had just started primary school. For all intent purposes she is his daughter. That's how they all see each other within their family relationships.
Alicia is tall, and at 5' 10" has all the attributes to go with it; a great figure, tight pert ass cheeks, fucking gorgeous breasts, a full 38C, she has beautiful looks, blue eyes, a cute button nose, fabulous long legs, topped off with, as I've already pointed out, a classy rounded tush ( bottom, depending where you are from ), but you get the idea, as well as beautifully styled hair, she works as a clothes stylist in the fashion industry and also a successful amateur sportswoman. Her appearance, especially with her fashion connections, is always stunning.
They all have the perfect relationship, Rory and Thora both love Alicia as real parents should do, and that's as far as it goes.
However, things drastically changed forever the other morning.
Thora had gone out shopping and Rory was home alone, playing golf on his game console when he decided to watch some porn on the laptop and turning the golf off, he settled down for a bit of "girl on girl action" from the web.
All was going well, the twin sisters he was watching were tribing, breast sucking and using their long fingers in each others ass, whilst he appreciated their efforts in entertainment by stroking his cock along its length, pushing a finger inside his own foreskin and running it around the rim, enjoying the slimy pre-cum lubricating his fingers when the lounge door opened and there stood Alicia!
Her mouth wide open, she dropped her bag on the floor and exclaimed "DAD! WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING? DOES MUM KNOW YOU ARE A PORNER?"
Scrambling to get dressed, to pull up his boxers and trousers, the erection disappeared in two seconds, and blubbering his words and totally embarrassed by the situation said "Why didn't you knock?"
In all the chaos he'd forgotten to turn off the laptop action, and Alicia picked it up, watched the screen for 10 seconds, saying "She's pretty, but her tits aren't as nice as mine, are they dad?"
Now, Rory had seen her grow up from a little girl. When she was younger he'd washed her hair in the bath, taken her for swimming lessons, put a plaster on her knee when she fell over, and he'd seen her body grow from that of a little girl until she was a full blown adult, a woman, a mother, with her own 38C cup breasts.
They'd been on holiday as families, her with her own children, he'd seen her wear swimwear on the beach, they'd laughed and talked about other folk and their beach attire and bodies but he'd never considered her breasts in a sexual way or to be porn star quality, she's just Alicia, his lovely daughter.
Rory blurted out "Erm, well, what! say that again."
Without any hesitation or waiting she removed her coat, unbuttoned her blouse, thrust out her chest, well, her magnificent breasts, towards him, and there they were, her tits, bulging white mounds of flesh, held up and perfectly encased in black lace.
And 6 inches above those perfect breasts, on the face belonging to Alicia, was the biggest grin he'd had ever seen, " Well dad, are they better, tell me?"
Poor Rory was lost for words, standing in front of him was his 40 year old daughter, and he replied, and said, "You are my daughter, my flesh and blood ( well almost ), and you are showing me your tits. I'm stuggling with what's happening and I have to say, eventhough I shouldn't, the most adorable breasts I have ever seen, and to be honest, they compare much better to those of the video porn star's tits."
Spluttering, he continued "Well, they seem to be, I think," all the while trying to conceal his new huge erection which had returned, his loins burning with excitement, stimulated by what his frazzled mind couldn't calculate but which his knob and sub-conscious clearly had.
"Well, Daddy, this might help you decide," says Alicia, and suddenly she removes her unbuttoned blouse, casting it aside on to the floor, then reaches behind her, unclasps her bra, drops it on top of the blouse, and stands there, her hands on hips, her boobs, yes, her tits, yes, those magnificent firm white breasts, with pink hardened nipples just 18 inches in front of his face. These perfect, absolutely perfect wonderful pieces of human art.
"Fuck me, Alicia," he exclaimed in utter panic, "Yes, yes they are, they, like you, are perfect but you better get dressed before mum gets home, before my cock explodes, you can see what you're doing to it. You've had your fun, please, get dressed before something happens we'll both regret." he spluttered.
Alicia smiled, her eyes sparkling, andwith one hand she flicked her yellow tresses of hair over her shoulder, whilst the other was pushed down into her knickers.
She could feel the warm area of skin just above her slit, where her pussy lips were getting moist, and her clit was starting to tingle. She pushed another inch lower, rubbed the tip of her clitoris, knowing that if she played her cards right and tempted her daddy enough that he'd be the next oerson totouch her wet heavenly cunt.
She pulled her hand out of her underwear, knowing daddy had been watching her every move, and that his cock would be throbbing and dripping in both excitement and lust.
He must want to fuck her, surely, nobody, man or woman, had ever resisted her charms, especially after tempting them.
Daddy was a human, a man, a fuck machine from what mum had told. So, yes, she'd get him to fuck her before the morning was over.
She then placed her hands under and around her breasts, cupping them, offering them to him, tempting him.
"Touch them please, daddy, just fucking touch me, kiss them," Alicia whispered, and before he could agree or object, or simply just move away from her, she bent over her seated father and still cupping her breasts with her warm slender hands she placed her left nipple gently onto his lips, then jiggling her breast, brushing the hard pink nipple across his cheeks, eyes, and finally guided them into his mouth.
"Oh daddy, suck my titties, your daughter's breasts, make me wet, I fucking want it, I'm a dirty daughter, bite my tits, I want to squirt for you." She teased.
She could smell his sex. He was dripping, his cock must be ready to explode cum, and she was going to get it. Over her hands, her tits, her knickers, her clothes on the floor, but most of all, hopefully in her pussy.
What was happening, what had he just seen and heard?
One minute he's on his XBox, 10 minutes later Alicia is in front of him, tits out, waving her breasts at him, rubbing her cubt, seducing him, wanting him to touch her. It's some weird dream, surely.
The urge and sensation was just too great, and despite knowing it was wrong, but what the hell, he bit down hard onto her nipple, rolling the delectable lump of flesh between his teeth, clasping his hands onto his daughters buttocks, squeezing the denim protected mounds of firm flesh for all he was worth.
His mind was racing, his heart was pounding, his hardened cock was throbbing and dripping with pre-cum. His lust was almost out of control, he knew it was wrong, but, oh boy, he was so enjoying this incestuous moment.
" Oh fuck me, you read about this, a daughter fucking her dad, an incestuous kinky world, fuck, its happening to me." he thought, as he bit and continually sucked on her breasts.
"Fucking touch me daddy, that's wonderful, I want to remember this moment, a daddy and daughter orgasm, fffuuuuccckkkkkkk me, how great is this, a titty fuck by my daddy," and the moan that emanated from his luscious daughter, this full grown woman, this happily married mother of his grandchildren, the woman who's hand he'd held as he'd walked her down the aisle to be married, was something to behold.
He knew her cunt would be wet, he knew his cock was wet, he could smell her, he could smell himself, it's head desperate to enter her pussy, but no, no, no, not his daughter. One of her friends, one of his wife's friends, but fuck me, not his daughter.
He'd fantasised about many sexual activities. Thora being seduced by a lesbian, an extra male or and an extra female threesome, some of Thora's friends seducing him, even fucking one of Alicia's friends, with Thora watching, but never ever fucking her.
"Oh fuck daddy, fuck, fuck, this moment is what every naughty girl wants, seduced by their daddy, whilst watching him get a boner, what a fucking lovely erection, my tits have done that, look at your cock daddy, I'm doing that to it, I'm moist, my pussy is dripping, and you, daddy, are doing it." she explained.
As he still sucked hard on his tits.
"Oh daddy, at last, kiss me, lick me all over!" she cried out, as she moved her head to his, forcing his mouth open for his tongue to release her titties, then immediately her probing tongue entered her father's mouth. It was still fresh from it's nipple chewing so to now be tasting them in her own mouth was fucking orgasmic.
Their tongues began exploring each others mouths, until he felt her back arch, and her hands left the back of his head, as she suddenly reached down and grabbed her daddy's shaft through his trousers, gripping for all she was worth, tugging and pulling hard on his cock through his trousers.
"Get it out please, take your cock out, I want it, I want it, I need it, daddy, quickly," and before he could respond by objecting or complying to her desire, she unzipped the trousers, plunged her hand deep into his boxers and released the dripping, pulsing shaft, its crown weeping with pure ecstasy from the erotic thoughts of him fucking her.
Almost immediately Alicia dropped to her knees and her mouth enveloped it, lapping and licking his cock, sucking it so hard and strongly, tasting the warm salty pre-cum covering its tip whilst flicking her warm tongue over its head, working her tongue into and around his foreskin, pushing it deep inside her mouth, and then biting it, chewing on her daddy's cock, rolling her teeth up and down its length, biting so hard he cried out in pain, masked only by her moaning, her orgasmic whimpering with her dirty girlie desires, until his cock exploded, semen shooting into her mouth, without warning.
"Fuck, daddy, how very fucking kind, shooting your load, your sperm into me, your daughter. I didn't ask for that, but gratefully and wonderfully accepted." she said as she smiled.
"Oh fuck, be gentle on my cock, don't hurt daddy's cock, mum will be mad with you, damaging it, how can I fuck her tonight with your teeth marks on my knob." he exclaimed after his cock had stopped shooting rope after rope after rope of salty hot fluid into her mouth.
She stopped biting, instead she gulped, swallowing everything he had deposited in her welcoming tender mouth, then licked her lips getting every last drop of his fluid, and then gently licking his shaft from his balls to its tip, savouring every minuscule moment, savouring the moment when she had given her dad a blow job, like he'd never had before, like she'd never given any man before.
"Oh daddy, that was wonderful, satisfying your daughter, you have no idea how wet I am and all without me having an orgasm. Hopefully next time we'll both explode."
Rory lay on the settee, totally spent, totally drained, his cock limp after his ejaculation, with his mind racing.
"Next time? There won't be a next time! what have we just done, what just happened?" he thought, his mind confused, knowing actually what had just happened, he had been seduced by his daughter whilst uncontrollably joining in and potentially ruining his life, his marriage and any future father - daughter relationship.
He'd allowed his daughter to give him a BJ, she'd sucked his cock, she'd chewed and bitten hard on his cock, she'd brought him to the point of ecstasy, and beyond, like no other woman, including his own wife, had ever done.
Fuck, it was glorious, it was wrong, oh so incestously wrong but yes, it was a wonderful moment for both of them.
Would her sudden desire, her lust, change how she thought of her father, a man she idolised, someone she turned to for help, advice or support. Someone she had now seduced, and in parts he had returned her passion. Could they look at each other with the same parental love there had always been between them or would her lust ruin everything the last 30 years or more had built?
Just then his phone rang, it was Thora, "What are you up to, getting any jobs done in the garden?" she enquired.
"Alicia has popped in, how long will you be?" he replied, hoping his guilt didn't sound through his quivering voice.
"About an hour, why?" she asked.
And before he could reply Alicia grabbed the phone out of dad's hand, sensing his guilt would show in his voice.
"Hi mum, I've just popped round, I'm just having a drink with dad, see you later, hurry back, love you," and terminated the call. She licked her lips and smiled at him.
"A fucking drink! You've just seduced me, you've got your tits out, sucked my cock and drank my spunk, some fucking drink." replied her dad.
"Well dad, we have an hour, now it's time for me to let you have some fun, I've had mine, now its your turn," she said mischievously.
And with that, she stood up, looked down at him, his cock limp, well limpish, and said "We can't have it like that, can we! " a rhetorical question they both guessed, and with that, she unbutton her jeans, wriggled her ass and stepped out of her clothing.
Oh fuck! There she was, standing there in her black lace knickers, her clean shaven pussy with the small pubic runway above her opening and just visible at the front, but the bulge of her pussy lips very plain to see. Her blonde hair over one shoulder, her breasts exposed, proud and prominent,
There she stood, so fucking gorgeous, what a creature.
There she, his daughter, stood, almost fucking naked, but stunningly beautiful. Anyone else and he'd think about fucking her brains out, screw her, seduce her, even wank over her, but, fuck no, this was his daughter. He couldn't could he? No, he fucking well won't.
"We can't have you wanking off to Miss Honey Fucknuts, or whatever her name was whilst you watched her, wanking off in that video can we daddy?! let's sort you out properly."
And with that, she dropped her knickers, kicking them off expertly, revealing her beautifully smooth vagina, and her luscious pink pussy lips. She adjusted her stance so her feet were 2 feet apart and with a smile she used her left hand and opened her pussy lips showing him, her daddy, and the world, the inside of her vagina, her pussy, his daughters deep pink and glistening dripping wet cunt.
It was so moist it shimmered in the morning sunlight, small globules of cum starting to drip onto her fingers and onto her soft smooth thighs, forming ringlets and ribbons of cum linking the two luscious parts of her body, as she expertly pushed three, yes three, fingers of her right hand deep up into her pussy. Her lips were so wide he could see her fingers wriggling and probing deep inside, as she stood there, like an Amazonian, her eyes closed but so fucking proud of what she was doing to herself and for the man she so dearingly loved.
Her back arched, her head was back, had her eyes been open she would have been looking at the ceiling, her hair cascading down her back, but most wonderfully, he could see her cunt.
She was wanking herself, finger fucking herself just to pleasure him.
Rory sat there, watching real life porn, his daughter now the star of the show, she was standing totally fucking naked, exposing her tits, flaunting her pussy, and to top if off, she was masturbating for him, finger fucking her cunt.
Talk about the greatest show, this was pure unadulterated porn. His lovely daughter, naked, voluptuous and oozing sex appeal and he had one thought. I WANT TO FUCK HER BRAINS OUT. NO NO NO NO!
His cock was now back to its expected status, tall, hard and proud, and yes, dripping again....... All the time his mind was racing, this can't be happening, this shouldn't be happening.
Oh, fuck, it is happening, what do I do? He thought.
Suddenly, she squirted, her pussy gushing, the waterfall of fluid poured out of her, cup after cup, the sweet salty fluid was cascading everywhere, flowing from her cunt and coating her hands, and shooting its spray all over her dad, even though he was 2-3 feet away, the floor was soaking, the chair too, but mostly him. Her fluid coated his face, his chest and most erotically, it was dripping off his cock. Pools of her cunt milk coated everything within three feet, it was as if a tap had been turned on, as it was, she had been turned on!
"Oops, sorry daddy, that was fun, here, let me clean it up," and with that she bent down and licked her lustful fluid off his legs, groin and cock.
"Here, this is for you", and she offered her fingers, the fingers from her pussy, sticky and coated in cum, and without thinking he instinctively took hold of them, pulled them to his mouth and sucked, sucking again and again, letting his tongue do the work and he licked them clean.
This was sexual connection. Each sucking the other, him, her finger, her, his cock, and tasting each other. As if they needed it, it was driving them on.
"Seems a shame to waste this sopping wet fanny, doesn't it?" she said mischievously and without waiting for an answer, straddled her Dad's legs and groin and lowered herself, no hands needed, on to him, his cock entering her hot dripping tender pussy as her hands rested on his shoulders, and she sat looking straight into his eyes just inches away.
She lowered herself onto him, her pussy taking all of him, deep, deep he went inside her.
It wasn't a difficult manoeuvre as his cock was hard, harder than he'd ever known it, tall, proud, red hot and dripping and Alicia's fanny lips were relaxed, wet and wide from her fingering.
Her vagina muscles were gripping him, squeezing the shaft, and then she began, slowly, ever so slowly, rotating her pelvis, and he felt her whole body shake, her legs, her naked torso, her fucking wonderful breasts pointing at him as her back arched and her head tilted back, her yellow hair hanging limp down her back as she came again, her juices dripping from her love canal, coating his shaft with her warm sticky fluids, and all without any help from him.
She rode him like a Bronco horse, locked onto the saddle, only it was his cock.
Looking him in the eyes, smiling, and then kissing him on the lips said "Go on daddy, explode in me, please, shoot your fucking load into my cunt. Fill my fucking love box, give your daughter her daddy's sperm. Impregnate me you horny man, fuck me, fuck your daughter!"
Without any further warning and to be honest, he was out of control, he shot his load.
Shaking as he orgasmed, his hot steaming stream of spunk shot straight up her love canal, coating her inner love vault, his cock pulsing until every last drop was in her.
He'd filled his daughter with semen.
Rory came with complete utter ecstasy, shuddering from head to toe, his head nearly exploding too, and he collapsed back onto the chair cushions.
Alicia was spent, orgasm after orgasm, her cunt filled with her daddy's cum, then riding his cock, she still straddled him and smiled, leaned forward and kissed him on the forehead, wrapping her arms around his neck.
She then climbed off him, got onto her knees, and with a cheeky glint in her eye, bent over her daddy's cock and ever so gently, tantalisingly softly, licked his shaft to get every last drop of his spunk from his shaft, and with the heady mixture of sperm and cunt juices, she lapped and swallowed their fluids, to complete her seduction of her daddy.
"Thank you, thank you so much, I've wanted that for soooo long." she said, smiling.
She then stood up, brushing her pussy with her fingers, catching a drip of daddy's sperm, licking it off her slender fingers with a flick of her tongue and a lovely smile.
"I've wanted this for over 20 years, since I left my teens, since I was a virgin."
"I always wanted you to pop my cherry, I've wanted you instead of fucking myself with fingers, hairbrush handle, even bananas from the fruit bowl. I've spent a fortune buying dildos trying to imagine one was you, I've discussed about you having sex with mum, trying to find out from her how big, long and round you were,"
"Any boyfriend I've had, including my husband, I've had fantasies, whilst fucking them, that it was you and me fucking. I've dreamt about this happening. Me and you entwined, doing a 69, you filling me with your juice, feeling your cock in me."
"I've even had moments with a few girlfriends over the past 20 years, in the heat of lesbian play fun and we used toys, big double ended dildos, filling me as we rode each other but it was always your cock fucking me, not a rubber dick, and even got my girl-lovers to pretend they were you as they ride me, filling me, fucking me. Oh daddy, your girl is complete, my fantasy fulfilled."
"We better get dressed, mum will be home in 10 minutes, and we don't want her finding us like this, do we?" She exclaimed, laughing.
"Fuck me, no we don't." thought Rory.
Cleaned, washed and dressed and after spraying the house with fresh-air sprays to remove the scent of their sex, they put the kettle on, acting as if nothing had happened, sitting in the kitchen at the breakfast bar with a coffee and waiting to welcome Thora home as normal.
Just as her mum came in through the door Alicia grabbed her car keys and was preparing to leave, "Not staying for a drink?" asked her mum. "No thank you, I had a drink with dad, I need to get off, love you both, see you both tomorrow." and with that she went leaving Rory and Thora to enjoy a relaxing coffee.
Two hours later he got two texts on his mobile phone, one a pre message saying "delete when read", followed by " next time will be better, 😛, a refusal means beans will be spilt."
"Fuck me, I'm being sex-blackmailed by my daughter............" thought Rory as he deleted both messages.