Author's Note: Sorry this one took a little longer. Thanks for your continued support, and all your comments and emails :) Let me know if there's anything you want to see, or anyone you want to see more of! What combination of the girls do you want to see together?
Enjoy!
***
Warm, clear water cascaded down onto my body. The statue that towered over me, of two naked women holding a large water jug, served as a shower, and I let it wash away the sweat of the last few... days? Weeks? However long it had been, I felt refreshed.
The window in the large bathroom had steamed up, but I could still see the rolling green hills beyond. In the space that this palace now occupied, where my old apartment was, there was no such view. For not the first time, I found myself wondering where exactly we were.
Just then, over the sound of the water, I dimly heard what sounded like a sigh.
"Hello?" I called to the room. No answer. Was there someone else in the bathroom with me? I looked around at all the places someone could possibly be hiding. No-one there.
No, I was probably just imagining it. And besides, if any of the others who lived here were in the same room as me, we'd have ended up having sex by now. I shrugged off the feeling. No, if Melissa, Violet, Rosa, Asta or...
"Lillian?" I said out loud. No response. "Lillian, was that you?"
"...No." The woman's low voice came, distorted, from one of her hidden speakers.
"Are you watching me?"
"...No. Also, for no reason, could you move a little to your left?"
I smiled. "I'm fine with you watching us, you know. In fact, I think it's kind of hot. Maybe you could let me know in future."
A pause and a crackle of static, then another soft sigh came over the intercom.
"Oh," I continued, "and I never got to thank you for your part in that orgy the other day. You turned me on so hard I literally passed out. No-one's done that before."
Silence and another faint buzz of static. I continued washing myself under the spray, assuming Lillian just preferred not to talk. Should I have acknowledged her? Maybe she preferred it when people didn't know she was watching.
"...You're welcome," came the voice over the speaker.
I smiled, looking around for the camera she was watching me from. "Maybe you and I could hang out some time?"
There was a pause. "That wou- the mistress is coming." A crackle, and the speaker turned off.
The door opened, and Asta walked in. It was incredible how, even after all this time, her beauty still took my breath away. That was what came from being a deity who thrives on sexual energy, I supposed. She was wearing clothes, not a common sight - although it was just a pair of lace panties and one of my oversized t-shirts, her braless breasts stretching the fabric until it clung to her skin like paint. They bounced as she walked. Everything about her bounced as she walked.
"Were you talking to yourself just now?" she asked.
"Um, yeah," I said. I wasn't sure why, but I felt like Lillian would prefer it if our conversation were a secret.
"Weirdo," said Asta, grinning at me and walking over to the window. The window that opened out onto... what?
"Asta," I asked, "what exactly is out there? I mean, there are all these views outside the windows. That's not real, is it?"
Asta looked at me. "When was the last time you had sex?"
I thought back. "Um. Yesterday? Two days ago? That's the other thing, I'm really confused about how time passes in here. Sometimes it feels like we've been here for years -"
"John," she said, interrupting me with a polite raise of her hand. "I don't want to be that kind of goddess. But I am your mistress. Your job is to generate Currency for me." She frowned. "Are you getting bored of the girls?"
"No!" I practically yelped. "No, that's not it at all. You, Mel, Violet, Rosa... and Lillian, if I can ever find her... you're all incredible."
Asta stepped into the pool of water at the base of the statue and walked over to me. Lightly, she held my cock with the tips of her fingers. Just her touch made me begin to swell. The spray from the statue began to splash across her tits, causing the white fabric to turn see-through.
"You don't need to worry, John. About where or when we are. That's my job. You just need to have constant sex with many beautiful women." She looked up into my eyes. "Are you still OK with our arrangement?"
I nodded.
She tilted her head in thought, still looking at me, still dancing the tips of her fingers up and down my length. "Maybe someone new would liven things up a bit, though. I know you only met Lillian recently, but she's... different. How about a little fresh meat?" She grinned devilishly at me as she said those last words, gripping my cock in one hand and giving it a firm squeeze.
"I think I could live with that," I smiled.
Asta laughed, then leaned up to kiss me. "Take a look around outside. See who takes your fancy." As she spoke, she stepped out of the pool, leaving my semi-erect dick swinging in the warm air. She waved her hand at the wall next to the bathroom door, and another door appeared: large, solid wood, the cracks around its edges glowing golden with sunlight. "Remember, any sexual activity with anyone who isn't me gets us that little bit more Currency. Not that I'd object to anything you might have planned involving me. But then you know that."
Asta walked out of the bathroom back into the hallway, looking at me over her shoulder. "Go get 'em."
And she left me standing there, the smile on my face growing.
***
I briefly considered getting dressed before going out through the new door, but the idea of clothes had shrunk to a strange and distant memory. The most I wore these days was a simple robe, and most of the time I had barely put it on before it was time to take it off again. So I walked, stark naked, out through the wooden door. The fresh smells of the outdoors wafted over me, and I blinked in the bright sunlight. Beneath my toes was soft, freshly cut grass, and a warm breeze played against my skin. When my eyes finally adjusted, I squinted out at this new world.
My jaw dropped. I had seen some strange and beautiful things since becoming a disciple. I had been to Hell and back. I had fucked some of the most beautiful women from this world and whatever other worlds there were. I had licked syrup out of a goddess' cunt for crying out loud. But the view beyond that door knocked the breath out of me. Maybe it was because I hadn't been outside for so long, maybe it was the thin strip of land that stretched out before me, all verdant hills and meadows under a clear blue sky. Or maybe it was that the island I was now on, because it was an island, was floating in the air above a sea of clouds. The infinite blueness of the sky surrounded me, apart from below the island, where a white, roiling sea of cloud stretched as far as I could see.
"Hi," said a bright, cheery voice from beside me. "Welcome to heaven."
I turned to see a young woman, no more than eighteen, wearing a simple white dress. Blonde hair, blue eyes, a slender, willowy body, and an adorable smile.
"Heaven?" I asked, still dumbstruck.
The cute girl nodded. "Our heaven, anyway. The heaven of the gods and goddesses of sex. I know, it's a bit of a mouthful. We need a name for it, or a number or something. Speaking of mouthfuls, can I offer you anything?"
I shook my head. "I'm not hungry, thank you."
The girl giggled. "Of course you're not, silly." She batted me playfully on the arm. "People like us don't need to eat. I meant, would you like a blowjob?"
OK, make that two jaw drops for the day.
"Um," I stammered. "Maybe... later. What - what did you mean when you said people like us?"
"You know," said the girl. "Disciples. Well, you're a disciple. I'm an angel. Slight difference. Are you sure you don't want me to suck your cock?"
"I'm sure," I lied. "I'm actually meant to be finding new disciples here, or at least people to... you know."
The girl nodded. "People to fuck."
"Um. Yes. My goddess sent me. Do you know where the best place to look is?"
The girl gestured vaguely at the large, grassy island. I could make out figures in white robes dotted around it, and the occasional small house - even a few castles or palaces. "Anyone here could potentially become a disciple. Even someone who's already a disciple of another god, like me, or someone who's a god or goddess themselves. They'll take some convincing, of course."
"Oh," I said. "OK, thanks."
The girl smiled at me and waved as I walked away. "Let me know if you change your mind about the blowjob."
The island was larger than it looked at first glance, and it was taking me a lot longer to walk from one end to the other than I had guessed it would. As I walked, I looked around. A few other flying islands lay to either side of this one, some almost as large. Occasionally I would pass someone else walking the other way, but they would often be in a hurry. More than once I came across couples or groups of people having passionate sex in the grass. One woman, wearing a strap-on and deep inside her companion's asshole, gave me a friendly wave as I walked by.
For someone who had spent the last... however long having sex pretty much non-stop, I was feeling pretty awkward about approaching anyone. Occasionally I'd pass a woman on her own, and some of them even gave me a wink or appreciatively eyed my cock. But all my sexual experiences so far had just sort of... happened. I felt like I was before I met Asta: lonely, shy, unable to initiate anything. As I walked, I tried to rally myself. Come on, John. You can do this. I smiled to myself, thinking of everything I had already accomplished as a disciple.
OK, that was it. The next woman I saw who I wanted to fuck, I would. Well, you know. Not just out of the blue. I'd start a conversation first.
A small country cottage came into view on one side of the path, the door propped open. The sound of chatter and laughter came from inside. A sign hung above the door: "The Princess Arms". A painting of a smiling woman, her naked breasts covered by her hair, adorned the sign.
Right, I told myself. You're completely naked, in a world of sex gods and their disciples. Here goes nothing.
The room inside was lit softly by flickering red light from a small fireplace in the corner. A bar stood at the other end of the room, an array of bottles and barrels behind it. Beds stood around the room where there would normally be tables. The ceiling was low, and the floor rough and wooden. It had a homey, cosy feel. Also, there were about eight women, all completely naked, sitting on the beds. They all eyed me suspiciously as I walked in - all apart from one woman who had her face buried between another's legs.
I approached the bar, and someone came out from the room behind. She was tall, easily as tall as myself, with long waves of auburn hair that flowed down over her shoulders. Her face was elegant and pretty, with piercing blue eyes like ice. She wore what looked a lot like an old-school German barmaid's outfit, with a corset pinching her waist into an hourglass shape above the delectable, wide curve of her hips. Her breasts, already large, were pushed up, two great mounds of pure, milky white flesh, practically spilling out of her top.
"H-hi," I stammered. Why was I suddenly so nervous now that I was out of Asta's palace?
"Hi yourself, sweetheart. Don't mind them, they're just not used to seeing a man in here. But you're more than welcome of course." She smiled at me warmly, easing my nervousness. She really was very attractive - a classic, homespun kind of pretty. And that cleavage was very hard to look away from. "What can I get you, sweetheart?"
I'd been asked a similar question just recently, and it was clear to me now that things revolved around sex up here. For example: the women around the room, seeing that I wasn't here to cause trouble or anything, had all returned to their activities, and the crackle of the fireplace was now accompanied by a series of soft moans.
Fuck it, I thought. This is heaven. Anything's worth a try.
"Actually," I said, leaning across the bar and looking the woman right in her eyes, "I'd love it if you sucked my cock."
The words sounded ridiculous even as I said them, and for a second the barmaid's eyes flashed in surprise, but then her warm smile returned, and she patted the bar, gesturing for me to climb up onto it. I did, swinging my legs over the other side, and she positioned herself between them. She looked up at me, her ice-blue eyes fixed on mine as she took my length in one hand and opened her mouth wide, placing me inside.
"Fuck," I said. "I love this place."
The barmaid grinned up at me, and began stroking my thickening cock, licking it intermittently as she spoke. "So what brings you to heaven?"
"Mmm... I'm looking for Currency, actually. For my goddess."
"Well," she said, after slowly dragging the tip of her long tongue from the base of my cock to the tip, "this is as good a place as any for that, and I promise to do my best. Welcome to the Princess' Arms. I didn't get your name, by the way."
"John," I said, as she swirled her tongue around the tip of my penis.
"I'm Megan," she replied, taking a brief break from her ministrations on my shaft, before plunging my now semi-hard dick down her throat.
"Nice to -" I gasped. "...Meet you."
Megan looked down at the thick rod in her mouth in astonishment as it continued to swell. "You serve a powerful goddess, John. This is... mmfff... quite a piece of equipment."
"I'm just getting started," I said, and Megan grinned up at me around her mouthful of dick.
She flung her head back, trails of spit still connecting her soft, pink lips to my ever-hardening shaft, one hand still stroking me into life.
"Is it just the blowjob today then, sir? Or will there be anything else?"
I smiled down at her, playing along. "What else do you serve here?"
She smiled that warm, pretty smile. "Just let me know what it is you want, sir. I'm sure we can work something out.
I looked down at her, wondering what to do next. Holy shit, her cleavage looked good from up here. Her tits were straining against the fabric of her outfit, overflowing from her push-up bra like two perfect scoops of vanilla ice cream. I took my dick into my own hand and slapped it against her voluminous bosom, leaving little wet marks from her saliva all over the pale mounds of titflesh. She thrust her chest up to meet my dick, and her tits trembled and shook with every smack, a blush of arousal spreading across her pure skin.
"Very good, sir," Megan said, her voice turning husky, her pale face flushed. "Anything else?"
"You like that, do you?" I asked. "You like people playing with your tits?"
"... It's not up to me, sir. I am here to do whatever it is you enjoy."
I hopped down from the bar, standing next to where she was kneeling, and, taking her hand, I brought her up into a standing position. She was almost exactly my height, and I stared straight into those pale blue eyes of hers.
"What I want," I said, "is for you to tell me what you want. Can you do that for me?"
Megan nodded, wide-eyed.
"What do you want, Megan?" I asked.
"I... want you to stick your cock between my tits," she said.
I smiled, kissing her on the cheek, which caused her to gasp softly. I placed my hand on her shoulders, and pushed her roughly back down onto her knees. She was tall enough that she could position her chest level with my dick. I reached down and tugged at the low neckline of her outfit, pulling it down to let her tits spring forth.
Fuck. That wasn't a push-up bra.
Megan's tits were enormous - as big as Melissa's at least. Two huge mounds of purest white flesh, shaking and jiggling impossibly as they rested on top of the scrunched-up dress and the heavy-duty bra that had been barely containing them. Her nipples were thick, proud nubs, light pink with medium-sized areolas, made enormous by the sheer size of the woman's fantastic boobs.
"Fuck me," I exhaled, my jaw very nearly dropping for the third time that day.
"Is that what you want, sir?" Megan asked, looking up at me with that pretty face, framed by her flowing auburn hair.
"I told you what I want, Megan," I said, "and that's for you to tell me what you want."
She nodded. "I... would like to jack you off with my tits now, please."
"Don't say please," I said reflexively, then stopped myself. A devilish grin that Asta would have been proud of crept across my face as I looked down at the unbelievably curvy woman. "Actually," I said, "do say please. Beg for me, Megan. Tell me what you want, and plead for it. And don't stop telling me. OK?"
Megan's pale blue eyes lit up in excitement, and a flicker of a smile flashed across her face, reminding me of the sort of face Violet made at moments like this, when my plan became clear to her. I briefly imagined those two together... two redheads: the crimson-haired Violet, and the gorgeous auburn locks of Megan. One slender and graceful, one curvy and impossibly stacked. I shook myself back into reality - which was not a bad thing at all. Megan's pretty eyes focused on my shaft as she grabbed as much of her enormous breasts as she could in both her hands, titflesh spilling out between her fingers, and enveloped my entire, magically enhanced length between her beautiful breasts. The soft, warm expanse of her bosom sucked me in, every inch of my member engulfed in her cleavage. I felt like cumming there and then.
And in that split second, I gave in. I let myself cum, my hips thrusting between Megan's breasts as thick, white spurts of hot spunk shot from the end of my cock. Megan leaned down, catching some across her mouth and chin, then gasped as my dick kept spurting, more and more jizz flying across the pale expanse of Megan's incredible rack, white against the flush of red in her chest.
I had never cum so quickly. Normally with Asta's magic, I could last much longer. Was this because I wasn't back at home, in her domain? No, what had happened had felt like a conscious decision. I'd wanted to cum, so I did.
The realisation of what had just happened hit me like a blissful ton of bricks. I had wanted to cum, and I had. And my cock, still twitching and sending ripples through Megan's sea of titflesh, was still just as hard as it had been. If anything, it grew harder still as Megan resumed her titfuck, jacking off my monstrously large dick with her impossibly huge tits, tweaking her nipples between her fingertips.
I could cum whenever I wanted.
Thank you, Asta.
With renewed vigour, I grabbed handfuls of Megan's titflesh - even with her own hands clutching at her breasts, there was still plenty to grab - and I worked with her, thrusting my hips in rhythm with the movement of her soft breasts, massaging her large nipples with my palms.
"Tell me what you want, Megan," I reminded her.
"I want you to cum again. I want to make you cum until you can't cum any more. All over my face... paint my face with your cum. Fill my mouth with it. Splatter your hot jizz all across my tits."
"God, I love your tits," I said, increasing the pace of my thrusting.
"Please, sir," said Megan, her voice rising in pitch as she surrendered to her own arousal. "Please, fuck my tits. I love your big, hard cock between my boobs, oh, please cum for me."
Eager to please, I searched my mind for the impulse that had allowed me to ejaculate on command just then, but I couldn't seem to make it happen again. Well, I had literally just cum. I guess a constant stream of jizz was probably asking for too much. I resolved to thrust even harder into Megan's cleavage.
The woman began frantically moving her hands, jacking me off between her breasts with incredible speed, the fire of arousal in her eyes as she stared, open mouthed, at the sight of my cock disappearing again and again into her soft, pillowy flesh. She was transfixed. A small trail of spit began to fall from her open mouth, moistening her soft lips and dripping into her cleavage, where it was lost among the white expanse of her bosom.
"Please, sir," said Megan, looking up at me with pleading eyes. "Cum for me again. I want your cum, please, I need it..."
I gripped Megan by the shoulders and pounded her tits as hard as I could, my cock now in its enormously erect state and still being swallowed whole by the depths of Megan's vast cleavage. She looked up at me, mouth still open, eyes alight, panting breathlessly as she pressed her huge bosom tight around my shaft.
"That's it, sir. Fuck me, use me. Cover me in your cum, fill me up with it, please... I'm yours, I'm your dirty little cumslut..."
I felt the orgasm build, and the new, powerfully erotic sensation of being able to let it go whenever I wanted. One look at Megan's pleading face decided it, and I let loose, blasting yet more spunk across her face. The jizz ran down her cheeks, into her mouth, which I filled with a few short bursts before aiming my cock at her titflesh and spraying across it. Megan let the the cum that had pooled in her mouth pour out onto her chest, coating her enormous tits in even more of my seed. I had cum so much that I couldn't see a single square inch of her enormous breasts that wasn't plastered in cum. The hot, white semen oozed over her skin, dripping off her nipples, staining her outfit and disappearing into the chasm between her bountiful breasts.
She stood up, still wide-eyed and blushing. Her bra fell off as she stood, landing with an honest-to-goodness thud on the wooden floor. She was at eye level with me, her face still dripping with my spunk, her tits filling the space between us, standing impressively proudly without the support of a bra. I looked around at the room - more than one of the women in the surrounding beds had been watching us, enjoying the spectacle.
"That was..." she began, then stopped herself and laughed. "Wow. You did quite a number on me. Pretty sure I came once or twice myself there. Whatever magic your god's packing..." Megan raised her eyebrows. "I wouldn't mind some of that."
"Then come and join us," I said. "Come and serve my goddess with me."
Megan frowned slightly, wiping her cum-drenched face with the back of one hand. "I don't think I could leave this place. Don't get me wrong, sweetheart, I'm going to be needing a lot more of you from now on, but... this is my home."
I smiled. "The magic that was working on me? In our palace, it's everywhere. In the air. You can't look at another person without getting horny."
Megan clenched her jaw in thought. "Are there girls there as well?"
"All girls. And me. And trust me, Megan, we would be more than happy to have you."
Megan took a dishcloth from behind the bar and began trying to clear my huge load off her tits. "Tell you what, sweetheart. I'll come to your goddess' place tonight. You can show me what you're about. And if I like it..." Megan smiled that beautiful smile again. "Well, you'll have a hard time getting rid of me."
I left the Princess' Arms, after cleaning off my cock, with a smile on my face. I had just walked up to a complete stranger, came twice on her tits, and just about convinced her to come and live with me. Heaven was really starting to live up to its name.
I practically skipped my way back to the magical door - which I realised, seeing it from the other side, stood in the middle of nothing. I had even offered a friendly wave to the strap-on girl from before, but she'd seemed a little too busy to notice.
The young blonde girl was still outside the door when I reached it.
"Hey, it's you! You have fun?"
"Yeah, thanks. Nice place you've got here."
She smiled her adorable smile. "I was asking around about you. You're Asta's disciple, right?"
"That's me."
"She kind of popped up out of nowhere, huh? Some of the old crowd are pretty angry about it, actually."
"Angry? Old crowd?"
"Yeah, the higher-up sex gods, you know. Eros, Aphrodite, Freya, all of that lot. Say your mistress is getting too big for her boots for someone with just one disciple." The girl eyed me up and down. "You must be pretty good."
I couldn't help but feel a little concerned. The other sex gods thought Asta was getting ahead of herself? I'd have to ask her about it. Though I'd probably just get the same vague response as when I'd tried to ask her a couple of questions that morning.
I thanked the girl, taking a rain check on her renewed offer of a blowjob, and went back inside the door. The bathroom was exactly as I left it - statue still pouring water into the pool below, steam still filling the air. I looked back out the window, recognising the view.
Lillian's voice crackled over the speaker. "What happened? It looks like Asta felt it. She practically fell over just now."
"I got us some more Currency. And possibly a new roommate. You'll like her, I think."
Lillian's voice turned to a frantic whisper. "Is she hot? What's she like?"
I just grinned to myself. "One word, Lily. Tits."
A long, low sigh came over the speakers. Then, after a pause: "Speaking of, your girlfriend's on her way down the corridor."
"Can you let her know I'm in here?"
I heard the muffled sounds of Lillian's voice in the corridor outside, and then Melissa poked her head round the door.
"John?"
I ran forward and hugged her. Slightly bemused but equally enthusiastic, she hugged me back, squishing her breasts into my chest. Looking at them, maybe Megan's were bigger. But Mel's were attached to Mel.
"I love you," I said.
"I love you too," she replied. "What brought this on?"
"Nothing," I shrugged. "Just wanted to tell you."
"Oh, you just wanted to tell me, did you? Or did you have something else in mind?" Melissa raised an eyebrow, and pointed down at my dick, trapped against her cute, pudgy belly by our embrace.
"I always have something else in mind," I said, grinning, and kissing Melissa on the nose. She giggled and shivered in my arms, her tanned titflesh rippling. Stepping back and taking me by the hand, she led me towards the pool.
"I take it Lillian is watching?" she said, as we stepped into the clear, warm water.
"Lily?" I called out questioningly to the room.
"One thing," said the voice on the speakers. "If you could do her from behind, that would make my day.
Mel winked at me. "That would make my day too, actually."
"That makes three of us," I laughed, and Melissa and I stepped under the waterfall. My girlfriend grabbed some nearby soap and lathered up her hands before proceeding to wash herself, soaping up all over, from her smooth, thick legs and the pale bikini marks around her trimmed crotch and on the undersides of her tits.
"Save some soap for me," I said.
Mel just placed her hands on my shoulders and stepped forward, pressing her body against mine and moving up and down, scrubbing my torso with her own, her slick, soapy body squishing against me. For the third time that day, I felt my cock begin to grow and swell. Mel felt it too, and quickly grabbed my thickening shaft in one slippery hand, sliding her slick fingers up and down my pole.
"Do you ever get jealous?" I asked her. "Of me and the other girls?"
"I could ask you the same question," said Melissa, as she writhed her slippery body against mine. "Don't you get jealous of me and the others?"
"Honestly? I just find the thought of you and them together really fucking hot."
Mel smiled up at me. "Well, then. Same here. Besides," she said, lowering herself to her knees and planting kisses on my stomach and along my shaft, "none of the others fuck me like you do."
I looked down at her, kneeling soapy and wet in front of me. "We've got something special," I agreed.
Mel smiled up at me, our eyes meeting, and I found myself yet again feeling like I was falling into her. She slowly, lovingly, kissed the head of my penis, and it twitched and sprang to life at the touch of her lips. Nothing more needed to be said. She took me into her mouth and began licking and sucking on my ever-growing member.
I just watched her. Those years I had known her before I met Asta, I never would have asked her out. And now, here we were. Living in a mystical palace, with a harem of sexy women at our disposal, spending all our time fucking. I thought of those women as I closed my eyes and allowed myself to feel the spray of water and Mel's loving ministrations on my cock.
Asta, my goddess. The buxom blonde with a devilish spark in her eye and a sexual appetite that seemed to have no limits. Violet, the pale redheaded nymphomaniac with that glorious butt, equally comfortable being spanked until she screamed or with a paddle in her hand, doing the spanking herself. Rosa, with her gorgeous brown skin and dangerous curves - and the asscheeks that I had buried my cock between on more than one memorable occasion. Melissa, my girlfriend, my love, with her wonderful tits and beautifully tanned, smooth skin. Even Helena, the death goddess, a vision of Mediterranean beauty, with her dark curls and proud, perky breasts. And now, of course, I had met Lillian, if only briefly: the sex-crazed pervert who was probably fingering herself violently to the sight of Mel's lips wrapped around my cock.
There was a knock at the door. Not the door to the bathroom, but the other door, the one that Asta had made. I looked round, and Mel looked up from my dick to see who it was.
"I'll let them in," said Lillian over the intercom, and the door swung open to reveal the rolling green hills beyond, and Megan standing in the doorway. She was wearing a neat black dress and a deep green corset over it. Her incredible breasts were barely covered by the deep neckline, and enough flesh was on show to clearly telegraph the fact that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her auburn hair was partly tied up behind her head, with a few strands still hanging and framing her warm face.
"Oh!" she said, at the sight of Mel and I in the shower. "Sorry for interrupting. Do you mind if I join you?"
I gestured for her to come in. "This is Megan," I said to Mel and Lillian. "She's thinking of moving in with us."
"She can share my room," said Lillian, hurriedly.
"Hi, Megan," said Mel, standing up. "I'm Melissa, John's girlfriend. And you," she said, not even trying to hide the fact that her gaze had fallen to Megan's chest, "are more than welcome."
Megan smiled at Melissa - whom I'm certain I saw blush - and began unlacing her corset, letting it fall to the floor beside her. I barely noticed the difference without it; her waistline was still thin and tight, the wide sweep of her hips and her almost excessive bosom giving her a knockout hourglass figure. As Megan slipped her pale shoulders out from her dress and slid it down her body, her back towards us, Mel tugged at my arm.
"Where the fuck did you find her? She's unbelievable!" Mel whispered.
"Just my luck, I suppose. Or magic. Or both."
"Um. Excuse me," said Megan. She had turned towards us, her dress halfway off and her tits uncovered. I had seen them in all their glory before, but that didn't stop my cock rising to attention at the sight of those incredible breasts. Mel, who was seeing them for the first time, squeaked loudly and grabbed my arm so hard that it hurt.
"Shit!" she breathed. Megan must have heard her, but just smiled politely.
"I'm sorry to be a bother," the buxom barmaid said, with a glint in her pale eyes that said she wasn't nearly as sorry as she claimed, "but I think my dress is too tight. It's stuck." She tugged at the jet-black fabric, but it snagged uselessly on her hips and ass. She turned slowly, showing us the problem from every glorious angle. "Would one of you mind helping me?"
It barely took a second before Melissa and I launched ourselves out of the shallow pool at Megan, our mouths watering at the prospect of peeling that layer of fabric from the woman's wide, perfectly curved hips and succulent, globe-like butt. I gestured for Melissa to do the honours, and she agreed, kneeling down and slowly, slowly removing Megan's dress. It seemed to come off relatively easily, despite Megan's apparent struggle - the barmaid just smiled at me as we watched my girlfriend gently slide the taut black fabric off of Megan's otherworldly curves. My cock hardened and thickened at the mere sight of Megan's buttcrack coming into view, the first wisps of her thick, auburn bush of pubic hair poking out. After a while, Mel could hold back no longer, and yanked the dress down, diving straight into Megan's unshaven pussy. Megan held onto me for support as my girlfriend voraciously ate her out. I don't think I'd ever seen Mel so turned on by another woman. I joined in, kissing Megan on the lips - softly at first, then passionately when she returned my kiss with far greater intensity. With her hands, she offered me her breasts, and I gratefully took one of her impressive tits into one of my own hands. My other hand snaked down her back, tracing the curve of her waist and stopping at her butt.
Megan's ass was incredible. Almost as huge as Rosa's, yet somehow pert and taut as Violet's, her vast expanse of backside quivered like a jelly at my touch. I grabbed a handful and squeezed as Megan moaned into my mouth, grabbing the back of my girlfriend's head and encouraging her into her steaming cunt. I massaged Megan's sensitive, thick pink nipple with one hand, and caressed her ass with the other, all the while kissing her deeply and passionately, until her chest fluttered very slightly beneath my touch and she extracted herself from our kiss to announce in a loud voice that she was cumming. Mel reached round and gripped her asscheeks, shoving her tongue into Megan's depths as the barmaid came all over her face, leaving my girlfriend's features slick with her wetness. As she leant back to smile up at us, Megan's pussy continued to gush, squirting streams of her juices out into the open air, much of it landing on Mel's tits. She held her tits up under the flow from Megan's pussy, rubbing the woman's cum all over her breasts and slicking them up until they shone. She stood up, and kissed Megan full on the mouth, the girlcum on her face transferring to Megan's own as their tongues slipped over one another.
As one, the two girls looked at me. My cock stood, already at its full, monstrous size, between the two of them. They each placed a hand on my thick shaft, gripping me tightly, and together, led me to the pool of water, where the soft rush of the waterfall still cascaded down, like the clear gush of Megan's glistening slit, which still dripped with her juices, leaving a trail as we walked.
Still leading me by my cock, the girls entered the pool of water, taking me to a corner away from the statue's steady flow. They sat me down on a step that led down into the pool, so that the water I sat in was only about an inch deep. My cock jutted out proudly. The two girls knelt down together in front of me, in the deepest part of the pool, their breasts level with my cock and therefore skimming just above the water's surface, their movement causing the clear pool to lap up at their erect nipples. Melissa's dark teats dripped with water and traces of liquid soap, while Megan shivered as the water touched her highly sensitive nipples, which stood out bright pink against the great, creamy globes of her breasts.
Megan leaned in to whisper in my girlfriend's ear, her breasts bumping up against Mel's arm. Mel giggled at whatever Megan said, and nodded.
Megan turned to me. "Sir... please may we titfuck you together?"
"Yes... sir," said Mel, a wicked smirk on her face. "Please let us titfuck you."
Megan leaned forward, resting her enormous tits on my leg, her smooth flesh colliding with my cock. Her icy blue eyes stared into mine, her face genuine and pleading. "We're begging you, sir... please give us your cum."
Mel, seeing that Megan had stepped it up a notch, adopted the same plaintive look and doe-eyed expression. God, that woman knew how to turn me on. "Please, sir," she practically whispered, inching closer and closer to where my dick stood proudly out of the water. "Cum for us. Let us fuck you with our tits."
I couldn't speak. I just watched, my mouth open, as the two girls pushed my legs apart and squeezed themselves between them, their naked skin against my inner thighs. Then they each took great handfuls of each other's tits and, after a sustained, impassioned kiss, pressed their boobs together. They held that position for a while, each marvelling at the intense pleasure it brought them to fondle each other's breasts, stimulating their nipples by rubbing them against each others'. Then, achingly slowly, they lowered their four, heavy breasts towards my cock, easing my shaft through the tight, hot tunnel they created at the point where those four gigantic melons met. They sank in the water, their tits reaching the base of my cock. My entire length was hidden in the deep, wet, warm folds of Melissa and Megan's soft breasts.
I could have cum then, but I didn't. I felt the control return to me. That awesome feeling of power, of almost experiencing a full orgasm without ever letting a drop of semen fly. I held my nerve, knowing that what was to come would be incredible. I looked at the two women who knelt, squashed together between my legs, their bodies kept surprisingly far apart by the sheer volume of titflesh between them. Melissa's great, tanned globes, with her adorable bikini tanlines, would have been enough to swallow my magically enhanced length on their own. But even her huge bosom, the cleavage that had distracted me every day at work for so long before I became a disciple, even my girlfriend's huge tits were not quite as utterly full, round and jaw-droppingly impressive as Megan's. The barmaid's great mounds were squashed firmly together, and against Mel's own tits, so that the tunnel of hot skin that gripped my cock was as tight as any pussy.
The two women looked each other in the eye, then began, slowly, so fucking slowly, jerk off my achingly hard cock with their beautiful breasts. At no point did my cockhead emerge from the tight grasp of their combined bosom. They jerked, quickly gaining speed but still so agonisingly slow that I wanted nothing more than to grab their breasts and pound them. But I held myself back, somehow, revelling in the sensations. Every few pumps, one of the girls would squash one breast into the central vortex of titflesh, rubbing their nipple against my shaft and providing us both with added stimulation. Megan's face quickly became contorted in pleasure, her eyebrows furrowed in exertion as she bounced up and down around my shaft. Mel quickly matched her pace, alternating between moving up and down with her and at opposite times to her, so that the tight grip of their tits rubbed me every which way they could.
"Please... c-cum for us..."
Megan barely managed to whimper the words as her mouth hung open, her tit-jerking reaching frenzied speed, warm water splashing all over her tits, and with a small shudder she came from the stimulation on her breasts alone. I had enough sense in me to reach under her and finger her snatch as she squirted into the pool water, stimulating her clit to add to the sensation of her orgasm. She squealed under her breath at my touch. With my other hand, I reached for Melissa's slit and slid two fingers easily up into her, rubbing her clit with my thumb. She moaned her appreciation as she renewed the titfuck, her eyes fixed on Megan's beautiful features as the woman came. Mel was enraptured by the sight of her, and as soon as Megan regained the sense to resume her side of the titfuck, she met Mel's gaze with an icy-blue stare of reciprocated appreciation. The women gasped and panted in unison as they determinedly fucked me, all the while staring into each others' eyes intensely.
"Kiss," I said, and the two women, needing no further incentive, their tits still mashed around my shaft, leant in towards each other and kissed, passionately exploring each others' faces with their tongues, biting and nibbling each others lips, sucking the spit from -
I came. Sweet release took me as a huge jet of cum exploded from the tip of my cock into the tight, hot titflesh that surrounded it. It was like I was watching in slow motion. The girls leant apart slightly, looking down in awe at the cum that now covered my cock and splattered their breasts, as the next burst of spunk shot into the air, my cockhead free from the vaginal clutch of their joint cleavage. That second rope of hot, thick cum passed through the small space between the girls' faces, breaking a line of spit that had still connected their lips. The jet landed on Megan's face, and I watched as the girls began to move in and out, trying to catch the spurts of cum that launched from my dick as I continued to cum. As the last burst of jizz dribbled out of me, my member beginning to deflate, the girls looked down at me. Both of their faces were plastered in my jizz. Then, they looked at each other. Melissa leaned in, oddly shy for someone who had just had a threesome titfuck with the girl, and kissed Megan tenderly on the lips. Thick ropes of cum spread between their lips, and the girls licked and sucked at each other, slurping loudly as my seed flowed down their faces.
There was a moment of silence. I watched the two women clean off the last remaining jizz from each other's faces and breasts, all the while kissing softly. Melissa turned to me.
"John, can we..." she looked at Megan and smiled. The woman blushed. "Can we..." Mel continued, "go now? Do you mind? I think we'd like to have some time alone."
Megan blushed harder, but nodded and looked at me with those pleading, ice-blue eyes.
"Of course," I said. "You two enjoy each other."
Mel gave me a kiss on the cheek and scampered off, leading Megan by the hand. I watched their bodies drip and jiggle as they left the bathroom, Megan saying something about the effect this place was having on her.
I just lay there in the pool. My dick had gotten a little hard again from the sight of the two women licking my cum off each other, and I began to absent-mindedly stroke myself with one hand.
"They just left you there, huh?"
I had almost forgotten about Lillian. "Yeah," I said to the room. "You enjoy that?"
"Oh yeah," she said. "Oooooh yeah."
I smiled. It was no stretch of the imagination to guess that she'd been frigging herself like crazy, watching us on her cameras, and it seemed like she'd loosened up a bit. In a manner of speaking.
"Are you watching them now?" I asked.
"I'm taping it for later," said Lillian. "Right now I'm more concerned with you. You're still hard."
"You could come and help me with that," I said.
A buzz of static from the intercom, then silence.
Oh no. Had I been too forward? Had I offended her? I'd gotten so caught up in this crazy world where everyone seemed to want to have sex with everyone that I hadn't thought twice about saying it.
I heard footsteps behind me. I hadn't noticed anyone come in through the door... I turned to see who it was.
Lillian's voice spoke, but this time it wasn't from a speaker. "Don't turn around."
The third handmaiden approached me, and put her hand on my shoulder. I studied it. Delicate, feminine fingers. Dark skin. A warm touch.
Lillian's voice again - quiet, low and husky. And right in my ear, her hot wet breath against my neck.
"I guess you gathered this from last time, but I don't like being looked at. I'm the one who watches, OK? You'll just have to imagine what I look like."
"Give me a hint at least," I said. "I mean, you're hot, right?"
Lillian laughed softly, then pressed her body against my back. She was naked, and I felt her hard nipples against my shoulder blades, then the pillowy soft flesh of her tits as she squashed them against me. Two long, smooth legs appeared on either side of me as she descended into the pool, squeezing between me and the wall I had been leaning against. I felt her pussy against my back, already wet, then it slid under the water as she sat with me in the shallows. Her legs went out on either side of me, and she hugged my thighs with her own. Her lithe arms snaked around from behind and embraced me tightly, and I felt her long, straight hair fall across my back as she squeezed me from all angles.
"You feel nice," she whispered.
"Same to you," I said, quietly. "I'd really like to see you, Lily. I mean, I understand if you really don't want me to. But as far as I can tell, you're gorgeous. I mean, I've liked chatting with you, and getting to know you a bit. But I still feel like we've never met, you know? Because I can't see your face."
I felt her chin rest on my shoulder as her hands came up to my chest, gliding lovingly across my skin. "Look down," she said.
I looked into the water, and saw myself reflected in the clear pool. The ripples from the shower-statue made it hard to see too clearly, but I could make out the smooth brown limbs that held me, and the face that rested on my shoulder. Her hair was long, thick and black, her eyes deep brown. And she was pretty. Really pretty. She looked Asian, or maybe Hawaiian, although she was probably really from some crazy god dimension. She had full lips, and freckles across the bridge of her nose. Her mouth broke into a smile as our eyes met through our reflections. I watched her kiss me on the neck.
"Is that enough for now, lover?" she asked.
"Thank you," I said, putting my hand on one of hers and squeezing it.
She kissed me again, on my cheek. "Now then," she said, that sultry tone creeping into her voice again. "It would be a little hard for you to fuck me like this, right? So I've called in some help."
The door opened and in walked Rosa, wearing what would be a conservative navy blue one-piece suit, were it not for the fact that she was spilling out of every hole. The bust was stretched tight across her tits, her cleavage squeezed into the confines of the skin-tight material, and her nipples stood out clear through the fabric. As she stepped into the pool, I saw her ass, that wonderful ass, barely covered at all, the majority of the material disappearing into the crack between her enormous buttcheeks. She smiled at me as she waded towards Lillian and I.
Behind her came Violet. The tall, slender woman wore a pretty standard bikini, pink and white, modestly covering her small but perky breasts, and even stretched over her impossibly pert butt. I remembered Lillian's list that I had found in her room, ranking all the girls asses. Violet's was the only one that had beaten Rosa's, and the way it stood out proudly from her otherwise trim figure, jiggling almost imperceptibly with every step she took, it wasn't hard to see why she was number one.
And of course, this was Violet. So in spite of her relatively ordinary outfit, she was also sporting a large, solid glass strap-on. The thing was about as big as my magically enhanced cock, and ribbed and grooved all along its length.
Rosa settled down on her knees in front of me, squeezing between my legs and smiling sweetly up at me as she lowered her head towards my cock. Rosa's smile made my heart leap every time I saw it, and my cock did the same as she kissed the tip. Lillian's hands snaked round to grip my shaft, and she began feeding it into Rosa's mouth. One of my hands went to the back of Rosa's head and forced her hot, wet mouth down my length.
Lillian murmured in my ear, her arousal plain in her sultry voice. "You like that, daddy?"
Something about the way she called me daddy was so hot. It wasn't like I ever had incest fantasies - that shit was way too twisted for my taste. But the simple word, the position of power, the cuteness of the term contrasted against the lewdness of the situation - something about it got me going. I felt that feeling, the one I'd first felt earlier that day. I was ready to cum. Now, it was up to me.
Lillian must have felt it too. She kept talking, as Rosa kept stuffing as much of my dick as she could in and out of her mouth, gagging wetly on my huge shaft, and Violet reached us, taking her strap-on in one hand and running it up and down Rosa's buttcrack as she stood behind her.
"Oh, you like that, do you?" asked Lillian. I had thought Asta had the dirty talk down, but this girl was something else. Especially since she seemed to be getting off on it herself, turning herself on with her own words. "You like it when I call you that? Well that's what you are, daddy. Now feed that naughty little slut your cock."
I pushed harder on the back of Rosa's head, forcing myself down her throat. She gurgled and spluttered, but kept it down, my shaft sliding into the tightness of her mouth. Behind her, I watched as Violet gave me a wink, then pulled aside the fabric of Rosa's swimsuit, and slid her strap-on into the girl's pussy. Rosa's eyes widened, and she gave a muffled shriek around my cock, but she kept taking me, fucking me with her face as Violet began sliding in and out of her from behind.
Lillian kissed my neck. "Mmm... look at that. Your little whore choking on your dick while she gets fucked from behind. Oh, shit, look at her ass. Jiggling like that every time she takes that thick rod inside her."
One of Lillian's hands went to her crotch, sliding between the two of us, and I felt her begin to finger herself. Hard. This girl really got off on her own dirty talk. With the sights and the sensations all around me, plus the sound of her voice, I was losing it. I gripped Rosa's head in both hands and slammed her face down around my shaft, and she moaned in ecstasy as Violet pulled out, sliding her slick strap-on deep into Rosa's ass. Violet renewed her thrusting, spanking the living daylights out of Rosa's huge buttcheeks as I fucked her face, my cock disappearing again and again as I stuffed it between her lips.
"Ohhhh... fuck... her..." said Lillian, one of her hands reaching round to help me shove my cock down Rosa's throat, the other hand still frigging her cunt. "Fuck her face, daddy. Fuuuuuck..." I felt Lillian cum, but she barely paused, bringing her dripping fingers round and putting them in my mouth. She tasted sweet.
"You like that, daddy? You like how my little cunt tastes? You make me so fucking wet. Yeah, that's right, fuck that whore mouth. Slam your fucking cock down her throat. You gonna cum, daddy? You gonna cum for me?"
I felt Rosa go limp, and took that as my cue to pull out of her mouth, leaving her panting. Violet took the curvy woman in her arms and began kissing her, stroking her hair. I stood up on shaky legs, and turned to Lillian.
She was gorgeous. I hadn't gotten a clear look at her from just her reflection, but she really was stunning. As tall as Violet, but with a curvier shape, bigger tits, rounded edges. Her legs were long, smooth and slender. Brown doe eyes blinking up at me, with an unabashedly horny look on her face. She breathed deeply and heavily, her chest rising and falling. Her legs were still either side of me now that I had turned to face her, and her pussy was drenched from girlcum and pool water.
My cock still slick with Rosa's saliva, and all the juices it had encountered that day, I fell forwards onto my hands in a push-up position, my arms either side of Lillian, trapping her beneath my body. She bit her lip, reached down between my legs, and gripped my slippery shaft, guiding it towards her boiling hot slit.
I entered her, and immediately shoved my hips down, bottoming out in her depths, our pelvises touching. Lillian shrieked, literally screaming out loud, but her eyes never closed. She kept them on me, almost unblinking, and lay there as I began to fuck her, jerking her own hips in time with mine, those eyes fixed on me.
"Ohhhhh... daddy... that's right. That's it. Fuck me, daddy. Harder. Harder!" I obliged, falling forwards and lying on her, gripping her body in my hands and pumping my cock in and out of her like a machine.
"Use me!" she screamed. "Fuck me, fuck me!" Her cries grew louder, her sultry voice gaining a wild, crazed edge. "Are you fucking me, daddy? Are you fucking your little whore? Yeah... Right there... oh, you're gonna make me cum, daddy, you're gonna make my little whore cunt cum all over your huge fucking cock... Aaaaaahhh!"
Lillian's hips bucked and spasmed, her walls clenching and gripping my cock as she stuck her legs up and wrapped them around my waist, pulling me down into her.
And her eyes never left mine. Her mouth open, panting, her hips grinding into me as she rode her orgasm.
I came with her, unleashing my own orgasm inside her, filling her with my hot seed. My jizz leaked out of her, flowing from around my shaft as it mixed with her own juices. I pulled out, still cumming, and pumped my shaft in one hand, aiming it all over Lillian's prone body. I sent great, thick ropes of cum across her tits and torso, plastering her, a couple of squirts making it up to her face and mouth. She just lay there, letting me coat her in my spunk as our combined juices flowed out of her still-gaping snatch.
I barely had time to take in the vision of the woman who lay below me, utterly lost in sexual rapture, before Rosa and Violet appeared at either side, and began cleaning Lillian's body off with their tongues. She shivered and squirmed at their touch, particularly as Violet began licking and sucking her nipples - but all that time, she stared up at me.
With one long, exhalation, Lillian smiled. I smiled back down at her, as Rosa began to lick the bodily fluids from my cock.
"Good thing..." panted Lillian, eventually, "good thing I... set the cameras... to record..."