AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hello! Before we begin, I'd like to explain a quirk about the structure of this story!
This is a first-person POV story about a new "Human Sexuality Scholarship Program," where each college running the program accepts two incoming freshman: one male and one female. What you're reading right now is the story of Tracy, the female winner of the scholarship. However, on my profile, you can also read the story of Jack, the male winner.
Both stories run side-by-side, focusing on different people at the same school. Additionally, Jack and Tracy are radically different characters, with pretty different living situations, friends, and schedule as well, so it's not a basic gender-swap with minimal changes!
The stories mostly stay different, but since they are happening at the same school at the same time, Jack and Tracy will cross paths at points, and you'll be able to read those events from both characters' perspectives. Additionally, you may hear events from one story mentioned in the other.
Just thought I'd make this clear if you read this story and wonder where Tracy's male counterpart is, or if you read Jack's story and were unsure of what the connection was to this one.
Without further ado, on with the story!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
College. It's finally here. The start of my crazy new life.
Orientation day was going fast. My dad just set down the last box; he was helping me unload my stuff from the van into my house.
That's right: my house!
Most freshmen are randomly assigned a dorm, but my and my besties all ended up going to this school together, so we were able to plan and get a lease together on a house just a mile or two off campus!
My name is Tracy Sullivan. Pretty stand-out gal from what I've been told! 5'10, blue eyes, brown hair, and a bangin bod! Not super skinny, but curvy in all the right places.
I know I know. That might sound a little cocky to say the least, but I'm just echoing what I've heard the boys say in the hallways!
Needless to say, I was one of the popular ones in high school, and all that love gave me the next-level confidence all my friends know me for!
But it wasn't all great in high school. Yeah I was popular, always went to parties, had tons of cool friends, but I always struggled with the actual "school" part of high school. I did well enough to pass, and to make it into a good school, but it was always a struggle, I was never on the honor roll or anything.
I think I was just never really able to connect with the structure of the whole thing. It was so tight and strict. You had this class at this time, then this class, then this, then lunch, then bla bla bla. All with this stupid dress code. Oh yeah, I was at a private school, so I was stuck with this super tight dress shirt, this stupid little skirt, these tights that covered up my whole legs, and this bow tie that felt like it was trying to strangle me. No matter how hard I tried, the system was always fighting against me!
But that was all over today! Today I entered the freedom of college! I chose my classes, there's usually at least an hour of break time between them, and best of all, no asinine dress code (kind of, but we'll get to that).
But it doesn't stop there.
A few months back, I was looking for any scholarships my new school would accept, and I stumbled upon the JACKPOT.
It was called the Human Sexuality Scholarship Program.
Now, full-disclosure, I'm a bit of a horn-dog. Always have been. I never really had a serious boyfriend in high school, but I was always chasing (and usually landing) some guy. I like messing around with girls too, but I definitely prefer guys. Nothing I love more than playing with a boy and catching him right between my fingers.
Anyway, the gist of this scholarship is that they wanted to promote "the joys of free and open sexuality" or something like that, but the way they go about it was INSANE. I couldn't believe it when I first read about it.
I'm blanking on all the specifics right now (I'm sure I'll get a reminder later on), but the main thing was that I get to be, no, I HAVE to be BUTT NAKED.
Like, 24/7. For my entire college career. Wherever I go: on-campus, and off-campus. Yeah, somehow I'm not only allowed, but REQUIRED to wear nothing but my birthday suit, even when I'm going around the city.
They say their logic is that by placing this one restriction, it will encourage freedom from societal norms, as well as complete sexual freedom!
So yeah, the full-time required nudity may sound restrictive, and it is technically a dress code, but it's one I can get behind! I'm gonna be out there without a stitch of clothing holding me back, for four whole years! If that's not freedom, I don't know what is!
There was also a section about sex, but I was so excited by the whole nudity part that I only skimmed it, and wanted to wait until I got here and started the program to really go through it.
Oh yeah, and it cut my tuition IN HALF. With "the opportunity to earn more" later on, whatever that means.
So yeah, this is going to put my restrictive private high school experience to shame. I'm gonna be living in a nice house with my besties, taking the classes I WANT, all while showing off my bangin body! I think I'm gonna have a really, really good time here.
But, I'm not quite there yet! Right now, I'm still unpacking! It's Orientation Friday, and I've spent most of the day with my family heading to orientation events and getting everything set up in my house. My parents are both here with me, along with my older brother, Brian. He's two years older than me, and goes to this very college, entering his third year! Before our parents cut us loose and head home, we're all heading to a nearby Chinese place for lunch.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The drive from my new house over to the Chinese place was pretty normal. We just talked about the normal stuff, my bro was telling me a bit about how things are, my mom was saying how much she's gonna miss me, and so on. They all know about the Scholarship I got though, but I guess they just don't really wanna mention it right now.
At the Chinese place, we all sit down together with our meals, when the topic finally comes up.
My dad speaks up while poking at his food. "So, uh, Tracy, that scholarship program you got into. Really think you're ready?"
"Of course Dad!" I answer, "What's there to be afraid of?"
My mom speaks up. "Nothing I suppose, but it just seems like...a bit much. We have the money. You really don't need to worry about any scholarships."
"Mom. Listen, this isn't about needing money. I just want to do this. I'm an adult now, and it's my decision. I read through everything, and I'm down to do this."
My mom looked away. "I know sweetie...but I just can't stop thinking about everyone looking at you that way! It's...it's un-Christian!"
I put my hand on my mom's soldier. "Mama. There's nothing wrong with showing off what God gave ya. It's just natural. And besides, you know how I struggled in high school. This is really like a new chance for me!"
My parents looked at each other, and my dad spoke. "You're right. Besides, you're a grown woman now and this is your decision. We may not be sure about the whole thing, but all we can do is hope for the best and support you." He cracked a smile, and I smiled back.
"Thanks, Dad."
My brother, Brian, starts talking for the first time this conversation. "I agree it's kinda crazy, but I've been going to this school for two years now, and I know everyone's gonna treat ya just fine. And if there's ever any trouble, you know where my apartment is."
We bump fists.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
After lunch, we're back at my house. Outside the door, I say my final goodbyes to my family for now. My parents give me a big hug goodbye before driving away in the mini van.
Once they're gone, Brian steps in for a hug of his own. While we hold our familial embrace, he comments "You better make this one last, sis. Because I am NOT hugging you once your new dress-code kicks in!"
I laugh, before we part ways and he heads off in his shitty little convertible, back to his apartment on-campus.
I head inside my new college house, and the first thing I see are all three of my friends sitting together on the couch, watching tv.
Almost like robots, they all wave to me in sync and say "Heeeeey Tracy!"
"Hey gals!" I shoot back as I walk into the living room.
My three besties. On the right there's Kate. She's 5'8, has long cornrows, and is just a little bit chubby, but all in the right places. She's always been the goody-two-shoes church girl of our group, but we always make it work.
In the middle is Alex. The tomboy of the group. She's 5'4, with short black hair, and a surprisingly sexy body, but you wouldn't know since she keeps it covered with baggy clothes most of the time.
And lastly on the left is Natalie. She's 6'00 and pretty skinny. She had a bit of a nerdy personality to fit her akward, lanky demeanor. Her dorky face was complete with long brown hair and glasses.
Of course, they all know about the scholarship. I told them all a while ago, and they were ok with it when we agreed to lease this house.
"So, when's your new dress code kick in?" Alex asked me coyly.
"I got an email explaining it a couple hours ago. I guess for most people, they'd have their RA come by to collect their clothes, but we're not in campus housing, so we don't have an RA. Says here that I'm gonna have someone called a "Program Advisor" instead? Apparently they'll come by our house some point this evening to get me going." I explain.
"Oh, I just still can't believe you're doing this..." Kate says pensively, "it just seems so...wild..."
"Well," Natalie interjects, "if you look at it objectively, it's incredibly natural. I am incredibly interested in seeing all the social data gathered by this experience. Incredibly interesting how different people react to the naked human form!"
"Uh, yeah, what she said," Alex jokingly butted in. "I'm real excited to see our friend here get real hands on with all that raw hard data." she said looking right at me, smiling coyly.
I laugh. "Yeah, I can't wait if I'm being completely honest. But until this Program Advisor shows up, make some room on that couch for me!"
I nudge the girls aside, squeeze on the couch next to Kate, and join them in watching tv.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The girls and I just kinda sit back and watch TV for a while, smushed together on the couch, sometimes making a friendly jab at the other, when after about fourty minutes, we all hear a knock at the door.
That's gotta be him, the Program Advisor. I'm so ready, I'm almost tempted to strip off right now and open the door naked, but I force myself to hold off. For all I know it could be a neighbor, and I might cause trouble by showing off my stuff before I'm officially in the program. Still, I'm starting to get wet just thinking about it...
I open the door, and there stands a handsome stud around 6'1. He has slightly tanned skin, neat brown hair, and these adorable little glasses framing his face. He's pretty big, not like a bodybuilder, but I wouldn't be surprised if he does sports. He has this sort of gentle giant vibe to him. I can't get my eyes off him...
He fumbles through some papers in his hand, and says "Hi, um, is this the residence of Tracy Sullivan?"
I give him a big thumbs up. "You bet! And you're looking at her!"
He still looks nervous. "Ok, ok, good. And um, you're the female winner of the, um, Human Sexuality Scholarship Program, right?" He's looking away. It's clear that he's deathly afraid he has the wrong girl, given what he's going to ask from me soon.
"Yep! That's me, the lucky winner!" I confirm with a smile, and my hands on my hips.
He breathes a huge sigh of relief. "Great, good good. Now, I uh, says here I'm supposed to ask you to strip and give me your clothes..."
I kinda wanna mess with him. I'm so tempted to act all shocked and offended, and watch him get all flustered, but he seems too sweet. Plus, I'm sure he'll get flustered either way.
"Yep! I've been waiting for this for months" I readily confess.
'OH WAIT!" he interrupts as I grab the hem of my shirt. He fumbles through his bag, and pulls a little pamphlet. "I'm supposed to ask if you want to read the full pamphlet before you, g-get n-naked."
Ok, maybe I can fuck with him a little.
I swipe the pamphlet from him, and give him a mischievous look. "Oh I see how it is. You just really wanted to get me naked as soon as possible." I wink at him.
"N-n-no! I just forgot about the pamphlet!"
"Oh you don't need to lie to me, big guy. Here, let's meet halfway."
Before he can respond, I pull my top right off my body. He tries to say something, but I ignore him, reaching behind my back and unclipping my bra, letting it fall to the floor as my E-cup tits drop free.
Now standing completely topless, wearing only my skirt, the panties underneath, and my sandals, I put my hands back on my hips and give the guy a little smile. His face is beet red and he's absolutely speechless. Meanwhile, I can hear my friends giggling from the living room, definitely peaking over.
"Is this what you wanted to see?" I ask him, holding my arms out to my sides.
"I, uh, I didn't-"
"Ha, I'll take that as a yes. Now, let's take a look at the pamphlet before I give you all of my clothes."
I grab the pamphlet, and take a good look at the cover. There's two pics.
The pic on the left is of a girl in his birthday suit, standing confident and tall in the middle of a campus field. She had her hands on her hips and her head held high as she bared it all for the world, tits, pussy, and all. Man, I wish this chick went to my school. We'd get along great.
On the right was a picture of a dude, standing right in front of a building. He had this seductive smile on his face, like he was inviting me to join him, all while his fingers were reaching for his semi-erect dick. While he was standing there looking like he was about to start jerkin, there were people passing by, some smiling at the display, others indifferent.
Fuck. Yeah.
I can't fucking wait for this. That's gonna be me in just a few days when I'm on campus.
Now, let's flip this baby open and see what else it has to say.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WELCOME TO THE HUMAN SEXUALITY SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM!
You have been selected for one of the greatest opportunities a college student can have!
In this pamphlet, we will go in depth on the Program and what participation entails.
--SECTION A: NUDITY--
1 - NUDITY ON CAMPUS
The goal of the Human Sexuality Scholarship Program is to encourage a free and open sexuality experience throughout the college campus! **Thus, the core pillar of the program has always been a requirement of full nudity during all time spent on campus!**
This includes ALL activities on-campus: hanging out in dorms, walking to and attending classes, clubs, sports, getting food, using campus facilities, and so on.
No matter where on campus the participant may be, their naked form must remain largely uncovered!
[*details on the use of the term "full nudity" down below]
2 - NUDITY OFF CAMPUS
Due to the relaxation of public nudity laws, we are glad to announce that the program will now extend OFF-CAMPUS as well! As such, participants will be required to follow the HSSP nudity code even when venturing off-campus!
Wherever you may be, you will remain a visible participant of the Human Sexuality Scholarship Program!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I already read all this stuff online when I signed up, but seeing it all again stated so matter of factly was getting to me.
I can't wait. Everyone at school is going to see every part of me...
I'm really starting to get wet...
I keep reading the pamphlet.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
3 - FINER DETAILS OF THE NUDITY CODE
While the term "full nudity" is used for brevity, there are actually some articles of clothing that are allowed. In this section, these will be detailed.
A. THE CORE RULE
The core rule of the program's nudity code is as follows: ALL SEXUAL ORGANS MUST REMAIN UNCOVERED.
At no point should the participant make a deliberate attempt to cover the genitals, or secondary sexual organs such as the breasts or hindquarters.
Minor accessories and garments such as hats, jewelry, and of course socks and shoes, remain allowed while in the program, however, they must leave the sexual organs expose.
For example:
- Wearing socks is legal. However, wearing a sock over one's genitals is not.
- Wearing a standard face mask is legal. However, wearing them over the breasts and genitals ala a bikini is not.
- Towels are of course permitted for use of drying oneself. However, draping one over the genitals is not.
B - MASKS
In general, face masks are allowed! However, they must not completely conceal one's identity, and must leave the upper half of the face visible.
C - BODYPAINT
Feel free to express yourself with bodypaint! It is completely allowed, provided the coat is not thick enough to conceal major details such as the nipples or glans.
D - WEATHER-SPECIFIC CLOTHING
Certain articles of clothing are allowed in the case of specific weather conditions being met.
Very shortly, you will be issued a see-through poncho to use in the event of rain. This will allow you to stay protected from the rain, while keeping your nude form visible.
Around mid-Autumn, you will be offered an overcoat, which can only be worn when outside and under specific temperatures.
E - EXCEPTIONS FOR PROJECTS AND EVENTS
You may find special events or projects in which temporary breaches of the Nudity Code are allowed. These instances are reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis, so please submit them to the email on this pamphlet or ask your RA if one comes up.
Some examples of approved projects/events include:
- a fashion event requiring a dress [a custom dress that exposes the sexual organs could be used]
- a photography project in which the photographer wants to focus on something specific, such as bottomlessness [in this case, one may be allowed to wear a shirt, but remain completely bottomless]
- a formal event that requires a suit [one may where a standard suit, but leave the genitals visible through the zipper for the entire event]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So many opportunities for a little extra fun...
Ooooooh what am I gonna do? Do I wanna go 100% naked, or do I wanna keep my shoes? On one hand, wearing shoes will technically leave me less naked. But on the other hand, I have the feeling it'll leave me feeling more naked. The feeling of the socks will keep me conscious of the fact that clothes do exist, and that I'm not really wearing any. Yeah, I think I'll hold on to my shoes for now...
Oh but what about all the other stuff?
I think it'd be wild to walk into a store or restaurant wearing a facemask, maybe shoes, and nothing else. Giving off the impression I care about germs, while simultaneously letting the air air and everything else I bump into touch my bare skin. Chaotic energy. I love it.
Oh, or the body paint! That sounds like soooo much fun! Anything's allowed as the shape of my nips and pussy are still visible... The possibilities. Maybe I can paint myself the school colors one day! Or maybe I can paint a fake bikini on myself and head down to the beach like nothing's wrong!
Oooooo, and I can't wait for it to rain so I can get that see-through poncho. I'm just imagining people seeing me on the street, and slowly realizing I'm naked under the poncho as they get closer...
Oh and I gotta find some of those "special activities!"
Alright alright, I should save the to-do list for later. Onto Section B of this pamphlet.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION B: HSSP CONDUCT
The HSSP is not just about becoming a nudist! It also comes with a variety of lifestyle changes.
The details of your life in the program will be detailed below.
SOCIAL LIFE
Ironically, your social life should remain largely the same, with the addition of your newfound nudity. In fact, it is a requirement that you participate as an active member of the campus community!
The program is meant to encourage free sexuality in the community! This would not be possible if participants simply went to classes, then hid in their dorms the rest of the time!
Your RA will occasionally check in to see if you've been keeping yourself busy with extra-curricular activities, hanging out with friends, attending parties, etc.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well that doesn't really change much. I had no intention of hiding either way. I signed up for this specifically so I can go around in my birthday suit!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MASTURBATION
What was once a solo-activity will now be made a lot more public!
While it is the HSSP, it is against the rules to reach sexual satisfaction in total isolation. As such, masturbation must be done in the presence of at least one other person, or in a widely public area where another person may enter at any moment.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Woah woah woah woah woah. THAT is new.
The idea of public masturbation certainly crossed my mind since I signed up, but I kind of assumed it wasn't allowed.
But now I'm finding out it's MANDATORY?
This is next level. I can't even process this. My mind is just flooded with images. Images of me squatting down in the busiest part of campus during the busiest part of day, just going to town rubbing my clit. Images of my naked, sweaty body, sprawled across the table of a campus restaurant, driving my fingers in and out of my pussy with everyone watching and even recording me. Images of me, on my knees, fingerblasting myself in the middle of a stadium, the arena filled with complete strangers cheering, while 4K video of the scene is projected on the jumbotron as I'm about to cum.
My program advisor speaks up for the first time in a while, snapping me out of my trance. "Um, there's still a little more to read."
"Ah, thank you!" As I snap back to reality, I suddenly realize how drenched my panties are...
I continue reading.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEXUAL ENCOUNTERS
Like masturbation, sexual activities with another person(s) can also be made a more public venture. However, unlike masturbation, it is not required to be so, as more than one person is inherently present.
However, even if it isn't required, public sex is not only allowed, but greatly encouraged!
Feel free to "get it on" in a classroom, library, sports arena, or even right outside on the grass! Doing so can even result in a variety of rewards which will be detailed later!
[NOTE: The relaxation of indecency laws also allows for sexual activity in most public spaces off-campus as well.]
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nope. I'm just not gonna think about this one right now.
If I start thinking about this, I'm gonna start envisioning it, and if I start fantasizing in this state I'm just gonna cum on the spot.
Moving on!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEXUAL HARASSMENT - What it is and what it isn't
In encouraging free and open sexuality, it is important that we make it clear that sexual harassment is a very real thing, and remains as such under the program.
However, acts such as flashing or indecent exposure were once considered sexual harassment, yet full nudity is required here. So how do we identify sexual harassment?
One word: CONSENT!
While you will be fully exposed throughout your time in the program, people remain the right to look away or leave, and you must respect that. If someone is visibly uncomfortable and trying to get away from you, it would be harassment to pursue that person and push your nudity on them. This obviously extends to public sex acts: if you are masturbating or engaging in sexual activity with someone, and someone else is looking away or trying to leave, you are not to chase after them to pursue their gaze.
And obviously sexual consent remains the same as before: NO MEANS NO! If you ask to engage with someone else in sexual activity, and they say no, that is the end of it, and you must leave them alone.
CONCLUSION
Welcome to the program! We hope this provided all the information you need for now! But this is not the end!
We also offer rewards for those extra enthusiastic about their participating in the program! An additional pamphlet featuring your school's specifics regarding rewards will be issued to you after your first week or two!
Have a great semester!
--------------------------------------------------------
Holy fuck. I've never been more aroused, more ready, more willing in my life.
"Hey so um, are you done." my PA asks me.
At the horniest I've ever been in my entire life, I'm finding it real hard to maintain my composure. But I gotta.
"Yep!" I chirp back, setting the pamphlet on the table next to me.
"Alright..." he says, "t-time for your clothes."