If there ever was a country girl who was more American than apple pie it was Rachel. From growing up and living in a small town, to marrying her high school sweetheart Jacob, she was the picturesque model of a Midwestern girl. She loved cooking, listening to country music and above all, her husband. After graduating college together they purchased a small home and Rachel started her own part time photography business, while Jacob landed a job as a traveling irrigation system salesman. For a girl in her early twenties living in the heartland, Rachel was textbook, except for the voracious sexual appetite that she kept hidden from her husband.
Rachel didn't mind that her sexual interests and her love for her husband were two completely independent parts of her life. Her sexual curiosity started at a young age and grew as she did. After first learning how to masturbate, she found it hard not to do almost daily. Throughout high school and college she would secretly find ways to turn household objects into sex toys. Jacob, on the other hand, was the type of guy who saved sex for marriage so Rachel never felt she could share her sexual interests with him. Despite her early efforts in their marriage to spice things up, he always kept to his conservative roots and had no interest in anything but the basics. Even in marriage, Rachel saw her own sexual habits as a private little hobby. Any time Jacob was away for work, Rachel not only was consumed with endless rounds of masturbation, but she would regularly avoid wearing bras and panties privately around their home. The absence of underwear was exhilarating from the rush of air between her legs when wearing skirts to the feeling of fabric lightly running over her nipples. It so happened that during one of these times, Rachel accidentally answered the door for a delivery of photography supplies. Forgetting to put a bra on before answering the door for the delivery man and with a nearly see-through shirt, she discover how trilling it could for a stranger to gawk at her breasts, despite her initial embarrassment. Based on the encounter, Rachel now desired to be seen this way in public the next time her husband was away.
***
It only took one day after the incident with the delivery man for Rachel to come up with her plan. She was going to take an evening trip to her old college in the neighboring town while wearing the same thin shirt without a bra. She figured if her nipples were hard enough she could attract the attention of people walking by to her breasts, recreating the excitement she had originally felt. To Rachel's chagrin, Jacob went nearly a month without traveling, never providing her the opportunity for an evening at her old campus. As time passed, her appetite for being seen grew and her little plan evolved, becoming more risqué with every iteration. What started as a simple idea turned into her wearing the most revealing and indecent outfit she could put together.
When Rachel finally got the news of Jacob's next work trip, she was ecstatic. While his trips would normally last for days at a time, Jacob had an engagement, hours away, that would bring him home extremely late in the night. She wished it was a trip that would take him away for a few days, but she couldn't wait any longer and was ready to make her move. She would be cutting it close but it would allow her time to drive to the college campus at the right time of day.
"All set to go?", Rachel asked Jacob as he grabbed his things along with his morning coffee.
"I think so. I'll make sure to give you a call later today letting you know when I think I will be home tonight. It will be pretty late."
"I know. Take all the time you need. Have a safe trip!" Rachel placed a wifely kiss upon his cheek.
Jacob left in his truck, down their the stone driveway while Rachel peaked through the front window, pulling a lock of her dyed blonde hair behind her ear. Seeing him drive off down the long country road, Rachel raced to their bedroom. Her plan had made her so sexually anxious that she now felt the desperate need to masturbate. Digging deep into her closet, she unburied a lockbox hidden beneath a pile of shoes. Pulling a small key from a charm bracelet, she unlocked and opened the box revealing the tools of her secret sexual obsession. She reached for her favorite pink dildo. Falling to the floor in her closet, she hastily pulled her purple lace panties down her smooth legs, wrestling with them as they caught on her foot. She opened her legs with no regard for the white summer dress she was wearing and felt the cool air on her already wet pussy. Like thousands of times before, the pink dildo found its way inside her like a missile, easing the ache between her legs. She imagined her summer evening, wearing her most revealing clothes, allowing strangers to view her most intimate parts. Her legs shook as she repeatedly plunged the dildo between her legs. Her body quivered and writhed in pleasure with each breath she took. With a final thrust, an orgasm rolled through her legs like a tidal wave, temporarily quenching her sexual thirst.
Rachel spent the rest of the afternoon tiding up the house before starting to bake a pie for Jacob. Seeing that it was finally time for her to prepare for her evening out she placed the unbaked pie in the refrigerator. Rachel quickly made her way to the bathroom to freshen up. After a shower, she straightened her soft hair letting it lightly flow over her sun kissed shoulders. She applied makeup, accentuating her full cheeks that harbored large dimples every time she smiled. With the opinion that lipstick was for city girls, she applied pink lip gloss, making her lips appear, what she called, kissable. Rachel moved to her closet and pulled out the thinnest white blouse she owned. It was completely sheer and one that she normally wore over another shirt. She pulled it on over her ample breasts, buttoning it up only enough to barely cover her rosy nipples. She had never worn a top that revealed so much cleavage but now found it freeing that she could clearly see her nipples through the shirt. By simply bending forward, she could easily see her breasts peak out from underneath her blouse in her mirror. Next, she reached for a navy skirt, it being the shortest one she owed. It was originally part of a sexy cop costume, but one she never wore because Jacob though it was too provocative to wear in public. Pulling it up over her hips she saw that it hardly covered her ass. She turned her back towards the mirror and bent forward, watching as the skirt began to ride up, slipping above her ass cheeks with almost no effort. Deep from her closet, she pulled out what she called her stripper shoes. They were black, six inch heals, with straps that wrapped around her feet. Jacob didn't even know she owned them as he would naturally disapprove. Rachel had bought them on her own and would wear them around the house to feel sexy when he was away. Slipping them on, Rachel stood tall and gave herself one final look in the mirror feeling sexy and empowered.
***
Rachel planned for her escapade to happen in the evening, figuring very few people would be on campus at this time of day, especially during the summer. She wanted to take this new adventure slow and remain in control of any situation she might find herself in. As she picked up her car keys, her phone rang. It was Jacob calling.
"Hey dear. How is everything?"
Rachel wanted to keep the conversation as short as possible. She had painfully been waiting for this opportunity and didn't want anything to keep her from her plan. "Oh it has been great!" Rachel said faking some enthusiasm. "I had a quick photography session with a client." She lied to make her day sound more interesting to her husband, "And I cleaned up a bit around the house. How was your day?"
"It was great. Got to meet a few new clients to day. They want me to finish up all the paper work so it looks like I will be home around 11PM."
"Don't worry about it. Hey, I hate to cut it short, but I have to get back to a client about planning a photoshoot. I'll see you tonight." Rachel knew this lie would work.
"Okay, Bye!"
"Love ya. Bye!"
Rachel ended the call and took one final glance in the mirror by the front door before leaving. Seeing her nipples through the white blouse and her pronounced cleavage sent a tingle down her spine.
Rachel drove to her old college campus in her rusted maroon sedan, the one she had learned how to drive as a teenager. With each minute that passed, her excitement grew as the warm summer air rolled in through her open car windows. She looked in the rearview mirror to check her makeup and caught a glimpse of her, now, green eyes. She had the kind that could look either blue or green, depending on the lighting and she always loved when they were closer to a shade of green, feeling it made her look more exotic. The familiar land marks on the way were now only indicators that she was speeding towards a new sexual frontier, which caused her to become more and more wet. Driving along the flat and open road lined with corn fields, she placed a hand between her legs and felt her wetness, pulling her hand out to smell her own beautiful scent. She had come to associate her own smell with her sexual hobbies, so, now it this moment, it excited her even more.
***
Rachel pulled into the small visitors parking lot at the far edge of the old campus. The college and the small town itself was a green oasis of trees and red brick buildings among the endless sea of golden corn that stretched for miles in every direction. At the very back of campus, away from all the academic buildings, was a forested area that was encircled by a running trail. The trail was an asphalt moat, separating the dense forest from the surrounding farmland on the edge of campus. Rachel was certain that it would be here she could find a someone to gaze upon her body. She turned off her car and sat for a moment while her heart picked up its pace. She opened the door and her heals connected with the newly finished, black pavement. She felt tall in her heals, normally being a girl that was just under average height. There were only a few other cars it the mostly empty lot. She tingled with anticipation as her heart fluttered in her chest. She could now feel a drop of her wetness running down the inside of her leg.
Rachel walked to the back of the studentless campus. Each step she took away from her car caused her to become more and more nervous. Once she reached the trail, she stood in place and looked down, confirming that her nipples were still noticeable through the sheer fabric. With the blouse barely buttoned up half way, her breasts were inches from being fully exposed. She reached her hands around her ass and felt the bottom of the skirt sitting just below her ass cheeks, verifying it was just where she wanted it. Rachel took a deep breath knowing there was no turing back. She began a slow pace on the trail in her provocative shoes. Her plan was to walk the looping trail, until she she could passed a loan runner, stealing their gaze.
With the yellow sun starting to cast faint orange rays across the blue sky, Rachel saw her first encounter after ten minutes of walking. It was a younger looking man in gym shorts and a t-shirt, with the college's logo, running at a brisk pace. She pulled her blouse tight and cocked her shoulders back as far as she could, pushing her breasts out forward. With each step she took, the thumping of her heart shook her body from within. Approaching one another, she watched the jogger's eyes lock onto her breasts. Every nerve in Rachel's body ignited while she witnessed his gaze. Her nipples became hard and her pussy tingled as she let herself be on display. Rachel had never felt so alive before, not like this. The man slowed down and tried to keep Rachel in his view as long as he could without looking suspicious. After passing one another, Rachel let out a deep breath and could not do anything but smile. She could feel another drop of her juices running down her leg. Everything happened so quickly and Rachel needed more of this feeling.
After a few more minutes of slowly walking in her heels, Rachel spotted a second man in athletic wear jogging her way. She quickly undid a button on her blouse, leaving only the bottom two fastened. The wind passing by caused the blouse fall open exposing her full breasts as she intended. Her nipples being fully exposed caused her to feel a buzz. Rachel pretended not to notice and smiled at the man while he came into full view. His eyes found their way to her chest and another rushing wave of exhilaration engulfed Rachel's body. Adrenaline shot through her as she could only hear her heart, beating in her ears. She had just let a complete stranger see her fully exposed breasts. She felt warm and wonderful all over. The man nearly tripped, stumbling over his own feet while he passed her. The heat of the moment threw her sexual appetite into overdrive.This is so hot! I have to get off right now,she though. Waiting for the man to fall from her view she took off her high heels and quickly entered the woods along the trail, walking on the leafy ground, hoping that if she went deep enough, she could find the privacy she needed to masturbate.
***
After a short while of venturing, Rachel found a fallen tree which she sat upon after brushing some dead leaves away. The day light had started to fade and she felt it gave her enough cover, along with the green foliage to masturbate in private. She pulled up her skirt, letting her bare ass touch the rough bark of the tree and spread her legs as wide as she could. Placing a hand between her legs, she never could recall a time that she had been more wet. She had felt a few drops earlier, but she now realized the insides of her thighs were completely soaked from her drooling pussy. She finished unbuttoning her blouse, exposing her full body to the outdoors finding it to be very alluring. Rhythmically rubbing away at her clit, aided by her slick juices, she thought back to what the two runners had just witnessed. Her husband was the only other person to have seen her breasts fully exposed. Rachel's legs quivered as the tingling in her clit steadily began to increase in intensity. Her breathing was now a heavy pant as she held back pleasing moans. Her breasts quickly rose and fell with each breath while the crickets around her chirped in unison. Beads of sweat rolled down her face, tracing her neck, and running along her cleavage. Her entire hand was coated in her own juices as they continued to flow from her sweet, pink pussy. Her body heaving, her legs trembling uncontrollably, and a fire now raging from within, Rachel was ready to cum.
The sharp snapping of a twig broke Rachel's focus and her eyes darted forward. Rachel saw the second man that had passed her was now in the woods and watching from afar. An intense shock wave of adrenaline penetrated her body leaving her feeling like she had unexpectedly been pushed into cold water. The man could perfectly see her exposed pussy while her breasts hung out for his viewing pleasure. Her heart was beating out of her chest while her entire sexual being forced her to continue as the man watched. Her muscles tightened, her back arched, and her legs moved with a mind of their own. The rubbing of her clit had now become a forceful act with her pushing as hard as she possibly could. The glowing tingle between her legs grew into an all consuming hum. Her body clenched as an orgasm hit, emitting wave after wave of pleasureful shocks through Rachel's body. Her toes curled and dug into the mossy ground and her body jerked with each pulse that radiated out from her clit. She could feel her juices surge against her hand as she continued to rub, realizing that she was squirting for the fist time in her life.
Rachel's body twitched as the pleasureful haze from her orgasm was extremely slow to leave her body and mind. The man, realizing the show was over, quickly ran off. Rachel sat on the fallen tree, wet from the waist down in an ocean of her own fluids, trying to catch her breath. She had never meant for anyone to watch her masturbate but had no idea how good it would feel to have an audience. She slowly stood up, gaining her balance and her breath and picked up her heals to make her way back to the trail. The sun had just finished setting and there was now very little light left in the sky. The outdoor lights around campus were all illumined with a brassy hue. She walked back to her car, with her blouse fully unbuttoned.
***
Once at home Rachel, took a quick shower to wash herself, realizing Jacob would be home in a little over an hour. Even though it was late at night, she took the time to curl her hair and apply a fresh layer of makeup for her husband. She put on a typical bra and a regular pair of panties followed by a red summer dress that almost covered her knees. She made her way to the kitchen and after letting the oven warm up, placed the unbaked pie from the refrigerator into the oven.
Rachel sat in her home, watching as the clock crept towards 11PM, still trying to comprehend what had happened. Her attention was brought back to reality by the a ding from the oven timer, signaling the pie had finished baking. Rachel saw the light from Jacob's truck through the window as he pulled in the driveway.Perfect timing, she though. She opened the oven and pulled out the freshly baked apple pie, setting it on the kitchen counter as Jacob entered the house.
"Hi honey! Sit down and I will cut you a slice of fresh pie", Rachel said with a glowing smile, happily knowing this would not be the last time he would be away for work.