Standard disclaimers.
This is a story about sexual exploration and, open relationships. Open relationships can and do happily exist; but they are not for everyone. If you do not believe it is at all possible for open relationships to exist without damage to any and all involved parties, please do yourself a favor and don't waste your time reading this.
.
Also, this story takes place in a world where STDs don't exist and only babies planned for and wanted do—in other words, a fantasy world. Any resemblance to real-life people is purely coincidental.
*****
"I usually get a warm washcloth to clean him up," Gwen advised softly. "Since you helped make the mess, think you can take care of that?"
Cricket looked up, eyes wide and mouth open in surprise, the spell broken. Her wild and chaotic thoughts came together long enough to proudly acknowledge that yes, she had made the mess—well, technically Tim had made it, but she had definitely helped cause it—and glanced back down at his hairy stomach and chest dotted with the evidence as if to confirm that yes, she really had done that. The naked young woman nodded dumbly, letting go of the cock still in her grasp and slid off the bed to hurry to the bathroom.
She reached for a washcloth, abruptly stopping to look at the woman in the mirror. Her cheeks and upper chest had the now-familiar rosy blush of sexual excitement, her painfully erect nipples begging for another's touch. If Daniel's family could see me now, she thought, contemplating the slut looking back at her, their long-held suspicions would be more than confirmed. Her sisters-in-law had always given her the impression they thought of her as some sort of sexual deviant for wanting to fornicate for her own pleasure. They might have forgiven her lust had she used it to make babies, but she hadn't been interested in that aspect of wifely duties. Of course, they didn't know or chose to ignore that their brother's needs were centered around the obligation he felt to produce a male heir rather than any evident physical or emotional desires.
They probably lack the imagination or experience to believe I've fallen this far, Cricket thought, critically studying her reflection. There was a time when their opinion of her sordid actions might have mattered, back when she was more unsure of herself, back before she met Gwen, but not now. What mattered was that she had done it—for the first time she had been an active participant in a man's pleasure, had been the cause of his orgasm rather than just biologically correct opening to fill. Of course, there were still the ever-present feelings of self-doubt she had when evaluating her performance, whether it be on horseback, at work, or in the bedroom. Yes, she had done it, but had Tim actually enjoyed it, or was he just being polite? Could a man even be polite with an orgasm? The heavy breathing and grunts made her want to believe he had truly enjoyed her efforts, as were the pulsing fountains of semen now on his chest...and her hand, she thought, looking down. The wet sheen was already drying in spots, but a particularly large pearl of his come sat atop the knuckle on her middle finger like the jewel on some obscene ring. She hesitated, studying the vivid reminder of what she had just done before bringing it to her nose. There was no smell, really, nothing compared to the mixed scent of pool chlorine and male musk she had gulped in while kneeling between his legs. Cricket glanced at the doorway to ensure her privacy and gingerly brought the knuckle to the tip of her extended tongue.
She had tasted sperm before, the traces left on Gwen's lips after she had serviced her husband, and once after a particularly frustrating session with Daniel. He had wheezed his way to an unusually quick orgasm before unceremoniously rolling off her and hurrying to the bathroom to clean up and redress. Fast, even for him, she had thought with bitter amusement while reaching down between her still open legs to stroke her tingling clit in apology for another frustrating night. Did men ever fake their orgasms, she wondered, and would he go so far as to do so to in order to be away from even their little bit of intimacy? She had been embarrassed to think she might be reason enough to do so. A sudden impulse urged her to tentatively probe inside her sex, feeling for any evidence proving he had not. She was wet there, wetter than what she imagined she could produce herself, and curled her finger to scoop out whatever he might have left. Cricket brought it up where she could examine the pearly goo more closely. Maybe he had been aroused to enough to relieve his pent-up urges in her after all...she brought it to her lips and got the impression of something salty and bitter, not terribly nice, and was suddenly filled with dread that perhaps the taste was the result of where it had been left and that her own body was the reason for the unpleasantness of it. Or perhaps it had just been a reflection of how she felt about her husband in general by that point. Either way, the overwhelming guilt and shame she immediately felt for putting in her mouth what was never intended to be sampled was enough to discourage her from ever taking another taste of it—or herself-again. It was not until Gwen had reassured her with words and actions that her pussy was not the repulsive thing she had begun to imagine it to be that she dared place the fault with him.
And now here was another sample, and another opportunity...her tongue made contact with the pearl on her finger and she curled the tip to collect the wetness, bringing it back past her lips. It had cooled considerably from when it had first landed on her knuckle after it had bubbled up in a late pulse before falling back on to her finger. There was not much of it, a small portion compared to what was still on his chest and stomach, but still there was a stronger taste of salt as it warmed on her tongue than the traces she had gotten from Gwen. There was a bleachiness as well—perhaps from the pool chlorine on his cock or her finger—but the taste did not trigger the feelings of disgust and self-doubt Daniel's had long ago. In fact, it wasn't terrible at all and decided she could handle more, if needed...
The washcloth soaked up the steaming water from the tap, and Cricket hurried back to the bedroom. Tim was still on his back, hands behind his head while Gwen lay on one elbow beside him smiling at her return. "Is it alright to touch it now?" The young woman asked, remembering how he had stopped her from continuing to stroke it immediately after she had emptied it.
"Oh, yeah," he said with an embarrassed smile. "It only takes a minute or two to get over that. Then it's ready for whatever you want to do to it. Look, I can clean myself up—you don't have—"
"No, I'd like to do it, if that's alright." Cricket knelt beside him before he could answer and began to gently clean the wet spots from his the sparse hairs of his chest, moving down to his more thickly forested stomach. She dabbed in and around his wiry pubic thatch before gently grasping the head of his softening cock between two fingers to move it and get to the puddles that lay beneath. The steel rod wrapped in yielding skin was gone, replaced by something more flexible, like...garden hose, she thought with a smile. Cricket worked carefully, meticulous in her efforts to bathe every last spot, even the loose sac hanging below his softening member. Memories of the care she had taken in grooming an instructor's horse after she had been once allowed to ride him came to mind; then, as now, she had worked to show her appreciation for being allowed such a privilege. Only it's not Gwen's horse, it's her husband, she sternly reminded herself for what seemed like the hundredth time. Cricket was pleased that just as she had developed no desire for her instructor's horse to become hers, she had no urge to possess the man whose body she was carefully tending to. The threat of it, an irrational fear that his orgasm might have triggered some sort of magical attraction in her, had occurred to her as she worked to coax the first spurt from his length. He still felt like just an older, wiser friend—not the kind of friends she and Gwen had become, certainly, but maybe she and Tim were friends with benefits now, whatever that meant? Cricket wasn't sure if an amateurish and educational handjob qualified her for that status.
"Thank you Cricket, that was really good," Tim finally said with a smile, lifting himself off the bed. "Lemme know if you two need anything." Cricket imagined he looked rather pleased with himself as swaggered out of the room, watching that very masculine ass flexing its way down the hall before turning her attention back to the naked woman on the bed with her.
"Sorry I sprang that on you like that," Gwen said softly, cupping the young woman's cheek. "I never told my students before the first time they were getting on the horse until it was right there in front of them. That way they didn't worry so much. I know it wasn't your first time, but still..."
"Close enough to the first time," Cricket replied with a chirp. "And I can't believe you're apologizing! Thank you for trusting me enough to do that!"
"Just between us, right?"
"Of course! Who am I gonna tell?" Cricket gladly allowed herself to be laid down, soft lips finding her own, a feminine hand delicately stroking the curve of her hip. Gwen's knee came up to gently push against the young woman's mound for Cricket to grind against. Her own hand pushed between the older woman's legs to find her very wet furrow, hips beginning to undulate in welcome to the finger on her clit. Gwen gently took a nipple between her lips, bathing it with her tongue, and Cricket moaned in response.
Gwen continued to gently tease her friend's breast as she rolled her on to her back, a knee opening the way for her to lie between Cricket's parted thighs. The young woman gently scratched her back in encouragement, remembering the excitement a body between her legs had always produced, even if this one lacked the masculine roughness as well as the one part she had become accustomed to accepting in this position. As a matter of fact, it was nice to have the body on top of her take it's time with her pleasure instead of being unceremoniously mounted and rutted like a chore to be performed. The missing sensation of being filled, as small as Daniel was, could easily be dismissed in favor of the slow sensuous grinding against her mons and clit.
Gwen pressed her body into the firm flesh below, reveling in the sensation of soft femininity against her own. Their lips met as the two women moved in tune with each other, tongues dancing while breasts and clits slid and ground against their opposite. Cricket was first to climax, frantically grabbing at the ass between her legs, desperately pulling it to her, twitching spasmodically against the pressure on her mons. Gwen was unable to stop her own motion long enough to let her friend come without any added stimulation, her own impending orgasm unwilling to be delayed. They lay there for some time afterwards, holding each other as they basked in their shared sexual high.
"Did I do alright?" Cricket finally asked softly, unable to look into the eyes inches from her own. "I mean, with Tim...he left pretty quickly after...I thought he would have stayed."
"He wanted to give us some time to ourselves," Gwen replied with a soft smile. "Maybe for us to recap your practice session in private, who knows? Besides, men usually have two things on their mind—sex and food, so I bet he went to get a sandwich."
Cricket responded with her own impish smile. "So, as my instructor...do you have any critique for me?"
"Practice makes perfect," Gwen laughed, "but I Tim certainly seemed to enjoy it, and I think you did, too. You did very well after being out of the saddle for a while."
"I did." Cricket admitted, "Enjoy it, I mean. but did you? I mean—are you still alright that happened, and that I liked doing it?"
"It happened because I wanted someone for you who we both could trust. I thought Tim has the qualifications, don't you?"
"Of course, but you didn't answer my question..."
"Yes. I'm still very alright you did that. I'm glad I could find you someone who meets my high standards for you. And I'm very happy that you liked practicing."
Tim was a little self-conscious of the freshening erection his imagination had awoken when the women joined him in the kitchen twenty minutes later, smiling in embarrassment as Gwen playfully made it bounce with a pat on the head as she went by. He quietly retreated to get dressed and was back in time to say goodbye to their guest with a polite hug.
Gwen and Tim looked at each other in awkward silence as the car turned and headed down the driveway. "That was interesting," he finally volunteered with a smile.
"I know that was a surprise—sorry," Gwen said, concern in her eyes. "We were talking about finding someone for her to try out some of things she's been watching us do and I just all of the sudden got the idea that since she watched us she could just practice on you..." she shrugged helplessly. "Sorry. Guess I got carried away—again."
He laughed and took her in his arms. "There's nothing to be sorry about! So you loaned a friend a tool! I'm flattered you felt like you could trust it-me...like that...with her."
Gwen looked up at him, the worried look still there. "Your tool, you mean. I should have at least asked first. I wouldn't loan out anything in the shop without asking first."
Tim chuckled at the ridiculousness of the comparison. "It's our tool, just like the ones in the shop," he compromised. "You can do what you want with it."
"I just want to make sure the husband it's attached to is still mine. Do you still want to be with me?"
"Are you serious? I love you like crazy," he said with a gentler laugh. "How could I not love a woman who lets me get away with that?"
"I didn't let you get away with anything. I put you up to it. I'm the one who gets away with too much...Natalie, then Cricket, and all the things I've been doing..."
"I trust you," he said simply, kissing her forehead. "Like I said, women with confidence are hot, and I know...that...took a hell of a lot of confidence."
No more was said, and the remainder of their afternoon was spent doing the incredibly mundane things that was their life together—chores, dinner, TV, the normalcy seeming all the more absurd to Gwen given her particularly insane behavior of the past couple of days. She pondered it until nearly bedtime, the Lady preying on the quiet moments to bend her thoughts to the inevitable effects of such behavior on her marriage despite Tim's reassurances, the confidence he had professed to love being eroded by her nagging doubts. She was on her way back from the barn after making sure things there were in order for another night when the Slut managed to break through and suggest a simple way to quiet her nerves.
"Tim," she asked simply, looking at him as he shuffled about the bedroom barefoot, still in his jeans and t-shirt, "I'm still the one you want to be with, right?"
The uncertainty in her voice stopped him in his tracks. "Not a doubt in my mind," he said with the easy smile that used to annoy her as too carefree for the situation but now was comforting. "Why?"
"Never mind, it's just me being silly..." Tim smiled to himself. Silly was not a word he had ever used to describe her behavior. "I know it's been a busy weekend for you, but, do you think...that you might want to be with me before we go to bed? Just us?"
Tim grinned in response. "My favorite way. Whattya got in mind?"
"Anything you want. Anything. Just tell me what to do and I'll do it." Gwen didn't wait for a response, kneeling before him and unbuckling his jeans to pull them down along with his underwear in a single motion. She was both pleased and relieved to see his length already rising with each beat of his heart to greet her.
He gently cupped the back of her head and thrust his hips forward. "You can do this if you want..." Gwen opened her mouth to accept the bulbous head before it bumped her lips, swirling her tongue around the velvet skin, feeling the length finish swelling to full hardness behind it. "Look up at me," he ordered and her eyes rolled upward to find his, as if looking for approval. "Love that," he said with a smile, "only one thing wrong with this picture."
"Hmm?" Gwen asked around his cock.
"You still got your clothes on. They gotta go." She quickly took the hint and disengaged herself to stand and strip while he watched, again dropping to her knees as soon as she was free of her jeans. Gwen took him deeply into her mouth, deeper than she could ever remember, only backing off when she felt the impending trigger of her gag reflex as he bumped the back of her throat.
"Mmmm," Tim groaned as he looked down at his wife bobbing on his cock while his hips remained still, allowing himself to be serviced. I really should be returning the favor, he thought, but damn she's gotten good at that, and she looks so goddamn hot doing it...
"Next thing I want," Tim finally announced after several moments of oral heaven, "is you bent over the bed. Get your ass up in the air where I can get at your pussy."
Gwen stopped in mid-lick of the underside of his shaft, looked up and smiled. "Yes, sir." She rose and assumed the position, legs spread for stability and propped up on elbows, looking back over her shoulder to where he still stood. "Like this?"
Tim grinned and stepped up to run his hand over her upturned ass. "Oh yeah, just like that." The hand continued down into the valley between her cheeks, fingers deliberately dragging one at a time over her exposed rosebud. She shivered, and the hand stopped between one opening and the other.
"Do you really like being touched there?" Tim asked. "Tell me the truth."
"I...really like that," she murmured. "I never thought I would but...it's very sensitive."
"Good to know. Know what I like?" He knelt behind her and planted a kiss at the base of her presented slit to answer his own question. "I never really got how beautiful a pussy is until you let me get up close and personal with yours." His tongue gently pushed through her lips, dipping into the wetness beneath. He was patient with his efforts, occasionally shifting his attention from between her legs to tickle her thighs and ass with his stubble as he softly kissed her skin, always returning to bring his tongue up and down her sex, occasionally pushing deeply to enter her with the stiffened muscle. Gwen made a motion to turn once, to make this about Tim again, but he stopped her with a stern command. "Don't move, this is exactly what I want," he growled, and she obeyed.
Her hips twitched reflexively as his tongue continued to touch all the right places. With another reminder to stay where she was, he got to his feet and padded to her nightstand. Tim retrieved the Magic Wand, plugging it in and placing it next to her. "Use that," he told her. "I'm gonna be busy for a few minutes."
Gwen looked back to where he had already moved behind her. "Busy with what?"
"With this." Tim grabbed his length and levered it down, accurately splitting his target open with a single powerful thrust. His hand was no longer needed for aim with her so deeply impaled and joined the other one in taking a firm hold of her hips and control of their fuck.
"Ohhh," she replied, both in understanding as well as the feeling of being filled so suddenly and completely. Gwen happily submitted to him, smiling contentedly as she lay her head and shoulders on the bed and brought the vibrator up between her legs.
Tim groaned as the first vibrations coursed through her pussy and the cock it held. "Nice..." He worked to control his thrusting, mindful that too much enthusiasm at this moment might displace the buzzing instrument from her clit.
Gwen savored every sensation—the hands on her waist reminding her who was in charge while the cock sawing in and out of her confirmed that fact, the exquisite torment she was subjecting her clitoris to. She fucked back at the man behind her, hips rotating and flexing to get the most out of both what was inside her and buzzing madly against her, her climax building.
"Getting close?" Tim asked in between grunts, the tone of his voice teasing as if he might delay or even deny her that release. His thrusting grew more forceful as he realized she had the vibrator firmly trapped between her and the bed, grinding against both it and him at the same time.
"Uh—yes—uh—yesss—uh-close..."
"I want to hear you come," he grumbled, careful not to let his anticipation send him over the edge before he could witness the real thing. "I want to hear you lose control."
Gwen grit her teeth at the waves beginning to radiate from her sex. Not long now, she thought, as the inevitable drop off the cliff into space drew close. She was thankful Tim had chosen to drive himself down and pin her against the vibrator—her balance and muscle control was even now beginning to wane as the orgasm built. "Coming-now—I'm coming—now-ooohhhh," she groaned, the admission slipping from her despite all her years of tightly controlled displays of pleasure. "Oh God, I'm com—cominggg..." Her announcement trailed off as she momentarily stopped drawing breath, only to gasp on a sharp intake that was again held as another wave rolled across her. "Mm-mm-mmm-mmmmmmm," she muttered with each pulse, the last one sapping her remaining energy as it swept along. She was conscious of the man on top of her still buried deep inside, and with an effort pushed up enough to pull the mad buzzing clear of her clit.
"Good one," Tim grumbled, taking advantage of the change in position to resume a slow thrust.
"Mmmm," Gwen replied dreamily, her head still on the comforter. She was full of her husband, his hands back on her hips, feeling like she was his...he was now putting enough energy into each thrust to push her into the mattress and force a soft grunt.
Tim groaned as he slowly withdrew after a particularly deep push. "Gettin' close," he muttered, concentrating on the view of his cock splitting her upturned cunt with each thrust. "Get up. On your hands and knees."
Gwen languidly brought her body up off the comforter. "Like this?" she asked, looking over her shoulder.
"Yup—uhh-like—uhh-that."
She wiggled her hips against the cock inside her. "Are you going to fill me up?"
Tim managed a chuckle through his exertion. "'Bout time I put some in your cunt, don't you think? Not sure how much I've got left, but you're getting it all."
"I want it. Deep inside me. Deep inside my cunt."
He gladly complied with her request a few violent thrusts later, giving one last lewd grunt along with his efforts to get as far up her as he could and deliver his load. He stuffed himself into her with each pulse, little shocks that were still powerful enough to make Gwen's tits shake. Tim slowly withdraw after he was done, enjoying the sight of his wet length reemerging from where it had been hidden.
No longer pinned, Gwen stood on weak legs and kissed her husband, then bent and gently kissed his shiny cockhead. "I'm glad to see she returned your tool in good working condition," she said with a smile.
"Our tool," Tim corrected, hugging her. "But I think you've got the magic to make it work no matter what."
Both Nelsons wore contented smiles the next morning, their employees none the wiser for what had put them there. Over the next few days, Gwen had few spare moments to consider how she been able to leave the weekend behind and again become her public self, the wife, mother, and business owner the world knew and the Lady urged her to be.
The phone call on Thursday roused the Slut from her nap. "Mrs. Nelson?"
The voice was quickly recognizable, and a wave of nervousness swept over her. So soon? She hadn't even been fitted for whatever wardrobe he had in mind. "Oh, hello Mr. Castigali—"
"Dan."
"Gwen. How are you?" The prospect of being asked to pose so suddenly, without any time for preparation, both thrilled and frightened her.
"I'm great. Listen, I know you're busy so I promise not to take too much of your time, but I have a couple of things I wanted to talk to you about, if that's alright."
"Of course. How can I help you?"
"Well, I've been looking at the test shots—they're great, by the way—and one of the things I noticed is that you and Dart really seem to have a...chemistry?"
Gwen smiled. "We're know each other's faults and quirks and are tolerant of them, if that's what you mean."
"I guess I do...you two are just connected. I don't see it that level that often, but I'm sure I saw it when I was out there, and the test shots back that up, at least to me. I know Mrs. Danning had a horse in mind for this, but I think I've convinced her that using yours would make for a more interesting portfolio. So, I was wondering if you would consider riding Dart for our shoot? We'd trailer him to the site, of course, and take care of stabling. He'd have his own personal groom and there's always a veterinarian on site, 24/7," he added quickly.
"Dart?" Gwen asked, the request surprising her. "I'm sure he's not up to Mrs. Danning's standards for bloodlines. He's just an average all-around horse."
"You're selling him short. He's got really good lines and there's this air of confidence about him. Usually comes from the rider, from what I've found...Mrs. Danning has seen a few of the test shots and agreed with what I'm seeing. What do you say?"
Which shots has she seen, Gwen wondered, remembering how she had stood naked in her living room while the young photographer circled her. "I, uhh, sure, I guess," she stammered, pulling herself back to the question at hand. "But I'd still like to supply my own groom?"
"Of course! And we can work out his transportation once we settle on a date for the shoot."
Gwen relaxed a bit at the news the exact time for her to pose—her and Dart, she thought happily—was still to be determined. "Oh, if we're doing it at Mrs. Danning's I can trailer him—that's no problem. I've done it plenty of times before." She paused. "Speaking of the date...any idea when?"
"Not yet," he admitted, but sooner than later. Speaking of which, the second thing I wanted to talk to you about...would it be too much to ask you to let your hair grow out until then?"
"Oh—is there something wrong with my hair?"
"No, no, nothing like that! It's just that I'm not sure what style I want for this yet, and it's easier to go from long to short than the other way around...we'll have a stylist at the shoot as part of the makeup routine, if that's alright." He paused before continuing, his tone less sure. "And if you could also, uhh, let the other hair grow out, too, your, uhh..." he dropped to a murmur, "pubic hair?"
"Is that really going to be important for these pictures?" Gwen asked, her voice rising a bit in alarm, agreeing to the Lady's demand for some sort of protest. "Will someone be able to tell what I—look like—down there?"
"It's won't be the focus, I promise you," the young man stammered, "We're not doing pornography, I swear! But you will be nude, and that IS part of the female body, and I noticed that you...trim pretty neatly, and if we want a more...natural...look, then it's easier if it's there to start with, right? I'm not sure how, uhh, natural, you are normally, but if you could just let it grow out a little, please?"
The last part sounded like a plea to Gwen, and she softened as the Slut laughed about the absurdity of discussing muff length with a stranger. "I'm not sure what's normal for natural, but I'll let my hair grow a bit...in both places." She quickly imagined the current tidy pony tail progressing down to her rear end, or the coarse bush that had been between her legs before Natalie took the scissors and razor to it...
"Great, thank you," Dan said, greatly relieved. "I understand you made your appointment to get fitted?" he said, mercifully changing the subject.
Word travels fast, Gwen thought. "I did. Saturday."
"That's what I understood. Wonderful. I think you'll look great in what we have picked out. Well, I won't take any more of your time. I promise to give you as much warning as possible before scheduling this—we know your time is valuable and certainly want to take your schedule into account."
"Thank you, Dan, I appreciate that. I'll look forward to your call."
"Really looking forward to having you and Dart pose."
She sat and thought after they had said their goodbyes, yet again reminded of the trip to Atlanta coming up. She hoped the fitting might answer some questions as to exactly how she was going to be posing—the possibility of a raunchy cowgirl, or worse, could not be discounted by the Lady—but had been debating another potential stop while they were in the city as well. She had wavered on her commitment to it, occasionally drawing up the bravado to go forward before backing down again in quieter times when doubts could surface. Her desire for a little adventure was again on the rise; she walked purposefully to the house to retrieve the ornate slip of paper with the phone number on it and dialed before common sense could return.
***
"So, anything I need to do for this weekend?" Tim asked, looking up from his plate at dinner that evening.
"No," Gwen said, shaking her head. ""I need to be at the tack shop at 11, but we have the rest of the day to ourselves. Can we leave here at 7?"
"We can," he agreed. "So what do you want to do with the rest of our weekend in the big city?"
"Anything you want," Gwen said slowly, "although there's one thing—you don't have to if you don't want to," she added hurriedly.
"Oh, yeah? What's that?"
"Well..." she looked down at her food, pretending to concentrate on cutting her chicken, "I was hoping we could get you measured for something."
Tim laughed. "Measured for what? Does this place sell high end mechanics overalls, too?"
"Not there, somewhere else...remember when I modeled with Natalie over there?"
He grinned. "How could I forget? Wish I coulda been there."
Gwen pressed on. "I got a gift certificate along with the check they sent me for doing that, and I was hoping I could redeem it..."
"A gift certificate from the place you modeled for?" he asked, the smile on his face turning to surprise as he began to guess at whatever he was being measured for was coming from there.
"Uh-huh. They make this...product...it's a reproduction of...you, using a 3d printer, very lifelike from what I'm told. Natalie has one of Adam..." she trailed off after the rush of words, aware she was babbling.
"You mean of my..." his eyes shifted down meaningfully to stare through the table at his lap. Eyes wide, Gwen nodded. "Really? A replica of my...dick...like the ones you have in your drawer?" Another urgent nod. "I'm flattered, but wouldn't you want something more like one of those? I don't really compare too well to them."
"I don't want another one of those, I want one of you," Gwen said firmly. "Yours is my favorite and it might be nice if it was portable when I can't have the real thing."
"Wait, measure? How do they do that?" Tim asked, suddenly growing suspicious.
Gwen had been curious as well, and while hesitant to ask when she had called to make the appointment, did so anyways. "There are a couple of ways. We can do it at home—they send us a kit where we make a resin mold of your penis and send it back to them. They said it's not as accurate as the other way, but good for men who might be a little shy."
"Huh. And what's the other way? And what does being shy have to do with it?"
"They have a scanner at the shop—"
"Like the one in our office?" Tim stifled a nervous laugh at the thought of his junk sandwiched between the copier lid and the glass below.
"No, not like that. 3D, remember? This uses lasers-"
"Lasers?"
"Not dangerous ones, ones like the measurement lasers you guys use at job sites. She said you have to stay still in order for it to be accurate, but it only takes a few minutes."
"Which is where the shy part comes in. I'm guessing this wouldn't be in total privacy, and I'd be hanging out there for the world to see?"
"You seemed be okay hanging out at the lake last weekend," she said with a smile. "That's why I thought this might be a good way to do it. They have a private room set aside for this, so it wouldn't be the whole world. It would just be you, me, and the person running the scanner."
"And I'm guessin' I need to get hard and stay hard for this," he said with a knowing smile. "Might not be so easy if I can't move and give it some attention, or whoever's running the scanner laughs at it..."
"Why would they do that?" Gwen replied. "It's beautiful. I'll be there, maybe I can help when you have to stay still."
"He does stand up for you every time," Tim said with a laugh. "What the hell. I can give it a try, if you want."
"Thank you," Gwen said, hugging him. "I promise I'll make it worth your time after."
"Counting on it. How about before, too?" His hand pushed its way down the back of her jeans, cupping her ass.
"Maybe we should wait until after you get measured," she said with a smile, gently disengaging herself from him while gently running her hand up his crotch. "It might make it easier to keep him focused if he's ready to go?"
"Awww, hell," Tim said with a good-natured groan. "You didn't tell me I was gonna get cut off."
"Not cut off, just...primed. Think you can hold out until Saturday? I promise I'll take good care of you after."
"Guess that means I can't take care of myself, either?"
"If you can wait, I'll do it for you...after."
The self-imposed celibacy was hard on Gwen as well, and lurid fantasies frequently came to mind as she lay in bed that night and sat at her desk the next day. The thought of being on the beach, spread wide for those young men alternated with particularly lewd poses for Dan's camera. Her resolve to share her husband's deprivation was sorely tested and she frequently resisted the urge to reach for the things in her nightstand. Tomorrow, she promised herself, once we're alone, tomorrow...