I arrived in the city two hours ago and checked into the hotel, a suitcase full of options and plenty of time to get ready. I know you're still working and won't be picking me up until tonight but you text to say you can't wait to see me later.
I sip a gin and tonic and sit on the bed, fantasizing about the night to come. We haven't seen each other in months and I can't wait to see you, to hear you, to smell you, to taste you. I remember every curve of your body. The way your chest feels when I run my hands down it, the goosebumps on your neck when I nibble on it, the way your lips taste. I run my fingers across my lips and my nipples harden just thinking about it.
I choose the minidress made of leather with the zipper running along the front and black stiletto heels. The black bra, panties, garter and thigh highs you sent me are concealed underneath. I'll wear my hair down with a dark eye and nude lip. My nails are long and painted black.
My phone chimes and it's you letting me know you're on your way...expect a car out front in ten minutes. I grab my purse and jacket and head to the elevator. My excitement grows as I anticipate your arrival. The car arrives and it's not a cab like I expected but a limousine.
You roll down the window and tell me to get in. I have no idea where we're going I just know I'm ready for the ride.
The room is large with a king sized bed and is dimly lit. You walk in ahead of me, pulling me behind you by the hand. The minute the door closes, I'm pinned. You force my hands above my head and pull the top of my dress down to expose my tits, covered by the lacy black bra. My nipples are hard and you suck each one into your mouth while still restraining my arms. I moan and arch my back. I've been wanting you for so long. You're biting me now, nibbles at first but then harder, releasing the pressure long enough to flick my nipples with your tongue. You roll them between your fingers. I can feel myself getting wetter and more desperate to kiss you, to touch you, to fuck you.
You tell me to stay where I am but release my arms. You unzip my dress and pull it to the floor. You approve of your gift and run your hands over my ass and legs. I've become so aroused that you can see the wet spot on my panties. You press me against the door again and kiss me while gliding one hand down. I spread my legs as you move in anticipation of your touch. You spread me apart and put your fingers inside me. You moan. You love how wet you make me. You're kissing me hard now and my hands are free to run down your back and over your chest. You're teasing me, refusing to touch my throbbing clit.
"Please put your mouth on me", I beg. I can barely breathe I'm so aroused. You pick me up and carry me to the bed. You lie me on my back and spread my legs far apart with my knees back. Your mouth finally meets my clit and I shudder. Your tongue circles and flicks, slow at first, then faster. I tilt my hips up to meet you and you put two fingers inside me, moving with the speed of your tongue. You can feel me getting tighter, wetter, my moans getting louder. I'm pinching both of my nipples while moving my body with your speed. I can feel it building as you move faster.
I want us to cum together. I want you to watch me orgasm while I'm riding your cock. I want you to spank my ass while I'm cumming all over you.
We move. You lie on your back and I climb on top of you. You slide into me and we move slow. I'm in control of the speed and I rotate my hips and grind into you over and over.
"Fuck me", you say. "Yes sir", I reply.
"Now play with yourself."
"Yes sir."
My right hand reaches around and finds my clit. I lean back and circle it with my middle finger. Around and around, faster and harder, meeting the timing and intensity of your thrusts. You're watching me, every move. Both of your hands come down on my ass in swift, hard slaps and I increase my pace. I love that you're watching me, knowing how much I love fucking you, knowing that just the thought of you makes me this wet.
I feel myself getting tighter. You can feel it too. I'm going to cum any second so you pull out. You pull me up onto your face and bury your tongue inside me. I pull and tug on my own nipples while you suck on my clit. Your fingers are back inside me, one in my pussy and one in my ass. One final lick and I cum all over your face. You pull me down for a long, hard kiss.
"Your pussy is fucking incredible".
It's only that way because you're the sexiest man on the planet.
While still orgasming, I slide down and take your whole fucking cock in my mouth. My nails dig into your thighs and saliva drips down my chin. I can't get enough of you and I suck harder and faster...my cum still dripping down my leg. I take both your balls in my mouth while jerking you off. Your shaft is slick and you like the way I touch and squeeze you. I move to your side so you can watch me. I've wanted to taste you for so long and you can tell by the ferocity in which I pleasure you.
Suddenly, you push me off of you and stand up. You take me by the hand and lead me to the window. You open the curtain and we can see the street below and the apartments across the street. Their blinds are open too. There's a chaise in our room directly in front of that open curtain. I kneel down on it and you stand over me, shoving your hard cock in my mouth.
"Let them watch me cum all over you baby."
With that, you take a hand full of hair, I take a handful of your ass, and fucking suck your cock so hard, taking it all. You pull my hair taut, so I'm looking up at you...my lipstick smeared, my face flushed and fill my mouth with your cum. It's warm and sweet and delicious. I can feel each time you pulse as I swallow.
You turn your head and look out the window while you wipe the corner of my lip. Just in time to see your audience...