Please read Part 01 first for the back story and our couples' first adventures. This story has married people having joyful sex with other people.
That Was Different! Part 02
_________________________________________
The first day of their vacation in the Bahamas started early. Joe and Stacy got up at 4:00 AM and left for the airport. The total flight time was less than four hours. That, plus the two-hour drive to the airport brought the total to roughly six hours. The remaining five could be chalked up to the airport bureaucracy and the waiting time spent in the concourse sitting on the most uncomfortable seats ever invented. The seats on the plane ranked number two. A half hour drive to the resort brough the total to eleven-plus endless hours of travel before the couple arrived at the resort.
They walked into the lobby of the resort feeling grimy and tired. Then suddenly everything changed. They were met by a stunningly beautiful woman and an equally handsome man, both of whom were well versed in dealing with weary travelers. Their happy demeanors and pleasant smiles were like a breath of fresh air. Still weary and in need of a shower, the couple now had smiles on their faces as they were assisted signing in.
"My name is Anita, and this is Jamal. We are available to you at any time, night or day, during your stay with us."
She held two narrow bracelets in her hands, "I have a bracelet for each of you to wear."
Rob was hesitant, "Why do we need them?"
Anita smiled, "Look at it like it is a watch. If you press twelve and six at the same time it will alert me, and I will come to you as soon as possible. If your wife squeezes twelve and six at the same time Jamal will come to her as soon as possible. If at any time you need immediate help just squeeze the nine and three simultaneously. All available staff will come to you immediately. Jamal and I want to make sure you are happy. The staff want to make sure you are safe at all times."
"Why can't I take it off?"
"It is locked on so that there is no risk you will lose it. We will remove it when you check out." Anita and Jamal escorted them to their room and showed them the amenities before leaving. Finally, blessedly, Rob and Stacy were alone in their room.
Rob's fingers rubbed the bracelet, "Don't you think the whole bracelet thing is a little odd?"
"I know! And what about Anita and Jamal? Why would Jamal be the one to come to me?"
"Hell hon. Why would we need either of them to come? What about the panic button thing? Do they have a security issue here?"
"I don't know. I guess we'll have to figure it out as we go."
What followed served to illustrate the difference in thought processes between man and woman. Joe wanted a shower and a nap. He thought it would be a good idea to recover from the trip so they would be ready for fun at the resort. Stacy wanted to put her feet in the ocean immediately, if not sooner.
Of course, Joe went with her plan. In a few minutes he had changed clothes and was ready to go. Stacy spent the next forty-five minutes deciding what bikini to wear. If he had known, he could have taken a nap. He couldn't complain too much. He did get to watch his gorgeous wife as she tried on various swim wear. He suddenly understood why the third suitcase had been needed 'Her bikinis are tiny. How much swim wear did his wife have anyway?'
Stacy eventually decided on the first bikini she had tried on, which surprised Joe not at all, and the couple walked to the beach. Stacy was so focused on getting her feet in the ocean she paid no attention to the people hanging out around the resort. Joe did and he thought it was going to be fun to see the look on Stacy's face when she finally caught on. There was no way she read enough about the details before booking this vacation. They wanted something different and this was without a doubt different!
They played in the ocean for a while before deciding it was way past time for some alcohol. When they left the water Stacy's wet bright yellow bikini clung nicely to her body. The small top did little to hide her erect nipples and the thong bottom highlighted the cleft of her shaven pussy. Rob was suddenly reinvigorated.
The resort had numerous bars, including several swim-up bars in the pools. They chose a small land-based bar near their room that seated no more than ten people. The barstools were comfortable and palm fronds shaded the area. Stacy was taking her first sip of some tropical concoction when she noticed the man standing at the end of the bar. It wasn't so much the man standing, but the women kneeling sucking his cock. When her eyes turned to Joe they were as big as saucers. Joe thought it was just too hilarious and laughed his ass off.
She tried to talk quietly, "Stop laughing! She's giving him a blow job at the bar! Holy shit! They are going to get kicked out of here any second!"
Rob just grinned, "Sweety I know two things for an absolute fact at this moment. The first is that they aren't going anywhere they don't want to. The second is that you didn't do your research before we booked this resort."
"Huh?"
"Look around."
Stacy swiveled her bar stool around. She started on her left and scanned clockwise, taking things in for the first time, "Oh! Oh my! ...He's eating her pussy! ... Is he fucking her ass?"
Rob just kept smiling and chuckling as he waited for the penny to drop.
"Oh my god Rob! This is a swinger resort!"
"Yep."
"What are we going to do?"
"We don't have to do anything except relax. The options after that are numerous and quite a bit different than your average resort.
"Why don't we see what the resort has to offer in the way of entertainment? We can decide how entertained we would like to be after that."
Stacy looked at Rob and her mouth slowly moved upward into a mischievous grin, "I think I would like to watch you get entertained!"
"Right now, I want to take you to our room so we can entertain each other. That is if your done watching that young lady getting her ass fucked."
"It looks uncomfortable doesn't it? She sure seems to like it though. But yes, I would like you to entertain me in our room."
"What kind of entertainment are you looking for? Something along the lines of Kenny G? Smooth and slow?"
"Nope. More like Blue Man Group."
Rob grinned, "So, lots of pounding."
Rob grabbed his sexy wife and kissed her hard. They practically ran to their room.
_________________________________________
The shock and thrill of seeing the people around them having sex caused a rush of arousal in Stacy. Finding out that they had innocently booked a vacation at a sex resort gave her a delicious feeling of anticipation. They were about to sample forbidden fruit. She was overcome with the need for Rob's cock.
Rob and Stacy went through the door to their room, stripped, and jumped on the bed. Rob was buried deep in his wife before the door to their room was halfway closed. What followed was an intense fucking, that by its nature didn't last long. Stacy was so wound up that the first few thrusts of Rob's cock sent her over the edge into the orgasmic extasy. It may have been a short coupling, but it was the most intense one they had ever had, by far.
Rob could only grunt as he slammed as deep as possible into his wife. His cock swelled and his cum shot, jet after jet, flooding his wife. His cock slid from his wife's dripping pussy and he collapsed on the bed next to her. Both were incapable of communicating, moving, or thinking in the moments that followed. Neither noticed the transition from afterglow to sleep.
Two hours later Rob woke and rolled onto his side. His gaze took in his nude wife and her peaceful sleeping face. Her beauty struck him deep in his heart and the love he had for her washed over him. He had to touch her. It was impossible for him to not touch her. He nestled up against her and kissed her lightly on her cheek. She stirred when his arm brushed her nipples as he pulled her close. She snuggled against him as he continued to plant kisses on her face.
Her eyes still closed, she smiled as she woke, "Mmm, you feel nice. Can we stay like this forever?"
Rob nibbled her ear, "As much as I would like that babe life must go on. Why don't we have a nice long shower before dinner?"
"OK, but can we lay here a little longer?"
"I insist on it."
The couple snuggled as Stacy gradually left the bounds of sleep. When she was fully awake, she rolled toward her husband and nestled her head on his shoulder. Her mind turned to thoughts of the resort, "Rob, how does this place even work?"
"I don't know yet, but I suspect it is like a swinger's club."
"What does that mean?"
"Pretty much anything goes as long as the participants are willing. I am sure staff is monitoring things as closely as they can to insure no one is forced into something. Behind closed doors all bets are off.
"Come to think of it, I bet that is why we have these bracelets. Pressing the sides is like pressing a panic button!"
"That makes sense, but what about 12 and 6? Anita and Jamal?"
"Hell, I don't know. Why don't we press 12 and 6 and find out?"
"OK. Ready? One, two, three!"
The couple squeezed above the twelve and below the six on their bracelets. They barely had time to put their robes on before their door opened. Anita and Jamal entered smiling and closed the door. Anita walked up to Rob while Jamal walked over to Stacy. Anita reached out and placed a hand on Rob's chest as she moved in close. Jamal's hand caressed Stacy's face as he moved close to her, "I will very much enjoy helping you with anything you may need. What can I do to bring you happiness?"
Stacy immediately felt a rush in her groin. Jamal was formidable man. His ebony skin covered amazing muscle definition. The bulge in his snug swim trunks was quite large and intriguing, "Uhm, actually we were just kind of testing our bracelets. The only thing I need right now is to bathe."
Jamal smiled down at her, "Wonderful!"
He grasped her hand and pulled her toward the bath. Stacy looked over her shoulder and saw Anita following behind leading her bemused husband by the hand. The bathroom was large by most any standard. A large jacuzzi tub was against the wall. The wall had a large window with and ocean view with shutters that could be closed for privacy. The shower was open and had wall and ceiling nozzles. A shower massage with a long hose hung from the wall below the rain head.
Anita turned on the water to the rain head. When the water temperature was to her liking she began to undress. Rob was enthralled with her beauty. She was a petite five foot tall and her figure was perfect. Her amazing, upturned tits and tight bubble ass drew his eyes and his admiration. She turned to Rob, exposing her shaved mons, and smiled up at him while untying his robe. She than took his hand and led him into the shower.
At the same time, Jamal began filling the tub. He added powders and oils to the water and suds began to form as the tub filled. Pleasant fumes filled the room as he removed his trunks. Stacy's eyes were drawn to his swelling cock. He was quite well endowed, and she did not realize she was staring until he reached for her robe. She looked up and into his joyful eyes as he slid the robe off her shoulders and tossed it onto the shower bench.
A surprised Stacy was lifted into his arms and lowered into the tub. Jamal stepped into the tub and sat down behind her. He wetted her hair with the hand shower attached to the tub and massaged shampoo into her hair. Stacy found the experience relaxing and yet arousing at the same time. Jamal rinsed the soap from her hair before massaged in the cream rinse. Soon she felt the soft soapy sponge caressing her back as Jamal washed her. He gently pulled her back against his chest and washed each of her arms.
Stacy was in a meditative state as she rested with her back against his chest. When his hands began to wash down and across her breasts she sighed. His hands caressed her nipples and her chest rose in response to the sensation. His hands washed down her stomach and sunk beneath the water. They glided past her center and caressed her thighs, each caress ending closer and closer to her crotch. Finally, inevitably, his fingers separated the folds of her labia. Two fingers circled around her clit then delved downward. She felt his finger enter her and she moaned. His finger moved slowly in and out of her sex while his other hand played her clit.
Jamal's deep voice whispered into her ear, "Look at your husband Stacy. I think he likes Anita."
Stacy opened her eyes and looked toward the shower. Anita was on her knees and Rob's cock was deep in her mouth. Her hand slowly slid up and down his length in time with her mouth. She pulled him from her mouth and stood while her hand continued slowly stroking his cock. She leaned against the wall and raised her leg as she pulled him toward her. He slid his arms under both of her legs and scooped her up while she guided his cock into her opening. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately as he lowered her onto his manhood.
Jamal had continued to finger fuck Stacy and circle her clit with his fingers while she watched her husband. Seeing her husband's cock sliding into the beautiful Anita was the last straw. Jamal played her pussy as she orgasmed. Water splashed from the tub as she thrashed in extasy. He slid his finger from inside her and pressed his other hand against her clit, sustaining her orgasm for a while longer.
Jamal held her close while she recovered then stood and pulled her to her feet. He kissed her deeply and lifted her from the tub and onto the floor. He dried her body and held her robe as she slipped her arms into the sleeves. Rob and Anita had moved from the shower to the bench. Anita was astraddle him, grinding her clit against his groin as she rode him.
Jamal sat Stacy down at the dressing table and blow dried her hair. When he was finished it was styled perfectly. The blow dryer had not drowned out the sounds of climax coming from the bathroom. Rob and Anita went back into the shower to cool down from their exertions and to wash away the aftermath of their recent coupling.
Jamal stood next to Stacy as she admired his styling results in the mirror. She couldn't help but notice his cock swaying in the reflection. Her hands raised to wrap around him as she turned toward him. She licked the head of his cock before wrapping her lips around him and drawing him into her mouth. She began to suck and lick his wonderful satin smoothness. Soon Jamal grew fully erect and her mouth could not contain all of him. She sucked what she could while her hands pumped him.
When Anita and Rob walked out of the bathroom they watched as Stacy milked the cum from Jamal's cock. His hands gently held her face as he shot his load down her throat. Anita chuckled, "Jamal, miss Stacy is not supposed to make you happy. You are supposed to be making her happy."
Jamal smiled down at Stacy, "I think this made her happy."
Stacy licked her lips and grinned up at them, "It certainly did!"
_________________________________________
Anita and Jamal traded kisses with the couple and left. Rob and Stacy dressed for dinner. The required dress for dinner was slacks and dress shirt for Rob and a dress for Stacy. The summer dress she chose was low cut to displayed enough of her cleavage to draw the eye, but not enough to cause slobbering. The hem was high and revealed a lot of tanned leg. When she started to put on her bra Rob snatched it from her hand, "The only thing you need to wear below that dress is skin."
The thought of going commando made Stacy feel deliciously feisty but not near as feisty as she felt when they left the room. Knowing that she could flash a stranger at any moment was very exciting! Tonight, they were eating Japanese. The restaurant was tastefully decorated in a Japanese theme and the food was perfect, especially the sashimi.
After dinner they walked the beach together. When they returned the decided to check out one of the evening venues. The club had dance music playing at a moderate sound level. Four seat tables surrounded a semicircular stage. The dance floor separated the tables from the stage. The staff moved busily around the large room delivering drinks and snacks.
The couple found a table and settled in. They had no sooner sat down when a waiter was at their table. The looked around as they waited and pointed out things, and people, to each other. They quickly noticed the group of people that were rapidly approaching their expiration date for the evening. Four couples of obvious biker persuasion were sloppy drunk at a nearby table. The men were bearded and tattooed. Neither Rob nor Stacy noticed when one of the men spotted her and got the attention of the others.
The drunk couples made Rob uncomfortable and he was deciding whether to move to a different table or leave when suddenly their table had four burly bikers surrounding it. Two of them grabbed Rob's arms while the other two grabbed Stacy. "We're gonna have some fun with your bitch!" The two holding Rob shoved him over on his back and turned to follow their buddies. By the time Rob was on his feet they had made it out the door.
Rob ran to the door. When he stepped outside all four bikers were on the ground and were being handcuffed. Anita and Jamal held Stacy between them and were comforting her. Rob went to them and pulled Stacy into a protective hug. He was enraged, "How the fuck could you let this happen?"
Anita placed her hand on his shaking arm. She knew he wanted to strike out at the beasts that had attacked his wife. Her touch reminded him that he needed to focus on his wife, not his rage. He managed to get a grip on his emotions and waived toward the club, "The women with them are still inside and very drunk. They'll make trouble if given the chance.
"What are you going to do about these scum?"
Anita ran her hand up and down his arm, petting him, calming him, "They will be picked up by the police and prosecuted for assault and attempted rape at a minimum. We have strict laws and very nasty jails. You will be home and happy years before they are freed. As we speak their belongings are being held for the police and their wives held for questioning until they are deported. They will not be allowed back onto resort property."
She stroked Stacy's face, "You were amazing. The staff in the club alerted us and we were on our way to help when you pressed your button. You kept your head and remembered to use the button."
The bikers were dragged to their feet. Suddenly, in an obviously well practice move, two of them jerked free and headed straight for Stacy. As they approached, they brought their magically uncuffed arms around. It was obvious that they intended to make Stacy pay for getting them arrested. Rob's reaction was instantaneous. He shoved Stacy toward Jamal and spun. His kick struck the temple of the closest biker. The biker dropped like his strings had been cut. Rob's next kick impacted the liver of the second biker. His third kick caught him under the chin on his way down.
Rob spun toward the remaining two bikers as they jerked free of resort security. Rob's flying punch met the closest biker's temple and ended his evening. He grabbed the last one by the back of his head, pulling it down to meet his ascending knee. Two additional strikes ended the violence and would result in the hospitalization of the last man.
Jamal's eyes were huge as he stood holding Stacy protectively, "We must help Anita and make sure we keep Rob very happy!"
Stacy chuckled, "He is a stud. He has been practicing mixed martial arts for years. That's why I pressed the bracelet. I wanted someone to catch them before he did. I did not want my husband spending our vacation in your local jail."
Rob turned to the head of resort security, "These guys are likely professional criminals. They obviously keep a handcuff key handy in case they get arrested. The way they coordinated their movements tells me that they have escaped custody before. I would bet money that the FBI is extremely interested in finding them."
Stacy looked at Anita standing next to them, "Anita, are you OK. You're hyperventilating."
Anita was staring at Rob and her voice was raspy with desire, "I am so wet right now. I could climb him like a palm tree!"
Stacy grabbed her hand and kissed her cheek, "That's my hubby. All the girls want to climb his tree and slide onto his branch!"
Rob's muscle tremors receded as the adrenaline dump began to dissipate. He turned towards Stacy, Jamal, and Anita. He grinned at Anita, "You can climb my tree anytime! I can assure you that there will be one very stout branch waiting for you."
Stacy put on a fake pout, "What about me?"
"Sweetheart, you have to share your toys. If it will make you feel better, you and Anita can climb together." His eyebrows wiggled up and down as he leered at her.
She grinned back at him, "I get it. You are the mighty oak while I am the lovely fruit tree. While you get climbed maybe Jamal can eat my peach!"
Rob groaned, "OK, I give up. I need a drink."
Jamal released Stacy, Anita and I would like to keep you company for a while if you don't mind?"
Rob smiled, "I could use all the help I can get."
_________________________________________
The shakily laughing foursome walked back into the club. Anita sat to Stacy's left and Rob sat protectively on her right. Anita whispered to the waiter and within moments a bottle of reserve tequila, sliced limes, small brandy snifters and frosty Dos Equis beers were resting in front of them. Stacy was looking dubiously at the Tequila. Jamal saw her hesitation, "Have you enjoyed a fine tequila like this before?"
Stacy looked confused, "I didn't know the words 'fine' and 'tequila' went together."
"Dear Stacy, please let me enlighten you. This is not the rotgut that is served in most bars. This is aged excellence, intended to be sipped and enjoyed with honored guests. You don't need a mouthful of salt to overcome the taste and you don't need to throw it down your throat to keep your tastebuds from melting."
Jamal poured three fingers in each half-sized brandy snifter, "This is sipping tequila and it is meant to be tasted. It has a smokey aftertaste that some like to enhance by sucking a little juice from a slice of lime. Please take a sip and tell me what you think."
Stacy took a tentative sip, "It's strong but it does have a nice flavor."
She picked up a thin lime slice and sucked some juice into her mouth, 'Ooh, I like that!"
Jamal lifted his glass, "Let's have a toast then!"
They were all at a loss for a moment. Then Anita chimed in, "To tree climbing!"
Moments later Jamal again held up his glass, "To eating Stacy's peach!"
Jamal refilled their glasses and Stacy raised hers, "To my husband, my love, and my hero!"
Rob followed, "To our bracelets. May the twelve and six not break from the constant pressing!"
After the toast Rob looked sternly at Jamal and Anita, "Can we expect more nastiness? Is that why we have the bracelets?"
Jamal stood and put his hand over his heart, "I swear to you that nothing like that has ever happened here before. The bracelets have a security function to protect guests from being forced to do something they do not want to do. The combination of alcohol and sex sometimes makes people try to take more than they should."
Rob nodded his head in understanding, "OK then. We're good.
Jamal laughed, "I think that Miss Stacy has nothing to worry about with you around!"
Stacy took a sip of her beer, "Anita, what's the stage for?"
Anita smiled, "It is for the nightly show! It's lots of fun and they should be starting soon."
Within minutes the music faded, and a statuesque black woman came through the curtain behind the stage. She wore a figure-hugging dress with two slits running up both the front and back. Every step she took flashed enough leg that the men in the room, and some of the women, tilted their heads trying to see what lay beyond that last inch of material. The dress had deep v front. The sides barely contained her large breasts. The v dropped to well below her bejeweled belly button. Her nipples visibly pressed against the shear cloth.
Stacy stared, "My god she's beautiful!
Anita nodded, "Mary is sexy, isn't she?"
"She's like sex personified. I don't know how anyone would be able to resist her."
Mary gave the crowd a few seconds to get used to her presence. A smile lit up her face, "Good evening everyone! I will explain how our show works for those of you who have not been with us before. Each night four people, two women and two men, are selected randomly to participate. If your bracelet lights up, please join me on the stage. We would love for you to take part in our show but If you do not want to participate please just raise your hand when your bracelet lights up. Another will be randomly selected until we have enough for our show.
Stacy watched as a woman jumped up showing her table the lit bracelet before walking to the stage. For the next five minutes hands went up before a man on the other side of the room stood and walked to the stage. A few minutes later a man from the table next to them stood and made his way to Mary. A few minutes passed before Stacy saw something flashing under the table. She looked down and saw that it was coming from her bracelet as it rested on her husband's leg.
She raised it up and looked at it, then her husband, "Rob, what do I do?"
"Go to the stage babe. Enjoy the adventure!"
Stacy nervously walked onto the stage and Mary addressed the crowd, "Please give us a few moments and we will begin!
The dressing area behind the stage was tastefully decorated. Racks of clothing and leatherwear stood against the wall. A huge variety of sex toys rested on shelves. Several staff members stood by while Mary spoke, "We are fortunate tonight. You are all extremely attractive and the show will be wonderful. Please undress so that we can see what we are working with. Yes, I mean everything.
"I know you are all a little nervous. The purpose of our show is to provide enjoyment to our audience, but most of all to provide pleasure and joy to our guest actors. You are going to have much more fun than the audience.
"In addition, when you have finished your performance you will be taken to our spa so that we can express our thanks."
She pointed at the blonde woman, "Please introduce yourself."
"I'm Tess."
The taller of the two men was next, "Jeff."
"Steve"
"Stacy"
Stacy was escorted to a comfortable chair and handed a glass of liquid courage. She watched while Jeff and Steve were dressed as savage tribesmen. She couldn't help but note that both were well endowed. Loin clothes were tied at their hips and makeup was applied to their faces and bodies. Alternating red and white stripes were painted onto their stomachs to exaggerate their abdominal muscles. Black around their eyes gave them a menacing look. Other colors were added to complete their war paint. The result was quite dramatic.
The Tess was a tall voluptuous blonde. Her blonde hair was braided and bound with hide and let fall down her back. A strapless diaphanous bra was held together in front by a silk ribbon. The bra tried, and failed, to hide her large breasts. A silk loin cloth covered her vagina in the front and the middle of her butt in the back. It was held in place by a silk chord at her waist.
Mary walked over to the women and talked quietly to her for several minutes. Tess nodded her head in understanding and Stacy could see that the woman was no longer nervous, she was excited. Mary talked to Steve and Jeff for several minutes as well.
A few minutes later two black men dressed as savage tribesmen came through the curtain. Each grabbed one of the Tess's arms and walked to the curtain. She began to struggle as they pulled her onto the stage, "Let go of me you savage beasts! My husband is the prince, and he will have your heads. Let me go!"
Mary walked over and sat next to Stacy. She pointed at a large flat screen television as the stage appeared, "We have a camera pointed at the stage. I love to watch how the desire escalates. Soon our guest actors will forget about the audience, unless of course they liked to be watched. In that case they will enjoy their roll even more."
Stacy was torn between watching the stage and the woman next to her. Mary noticed her regard and gave Stacy a look of smoldering desire. She rested her hand on Stacy's leg and gently rubbed it as they watched, "You and I are going to have great fun together Stacy."
On the stage Tess was pulled struggling to a frame with a crossbeam just above her head. Her arms were spread, and her wrists clamped into cuffs that were chained to the crossbeam. Moments later the savage Steve and savage Jeff walked onto the stage pulling leashes. The leashes were attached to collars around the necks of three women. Fake whip marks decorated their bodies.
Steve and Jeff stood to either side and a slave girl knelt in front of them. One of the savages that had cuffed Tess took the leash of the third slave girl and led her to the side. The remaining savage reached up and tore away Tess's bra, "How dare you! Let me go!"
Savage Jeff called out, "I tire of her yammering. Gag her."
The savage used her bra to gag her. The other savage led the woman slave in front of Tess. He shoved her down onto her knees facing her.
Savage Steve called out, "Show us her hidden treasure!"
The slave girl reached up and pulled the string, releasing Tess's loin cloth and dropping it to the floor. Steve put his hand on the head of the slave girl in front of him. Jeff did the same, "Prepare her for our seed." They then pulled the slave girls heads toward their cocks and the slave girls began to lick and suck.
The slave girl stood and approached Tess. Her hands cupped the Tess's breasts and her mouth lowered. Her tongue darted out and flicked Tess's right nipple, then her left. She repeated back and forth until she suddenly sucked her right nipple into her mouth. Her hand caressed and pinched the left nipple while she sucked and bit on the right. Tess's began to breath harder and her chest began to rise and fall rapidly.
The slave girl licked down the blonde's body until she was again kneeling in front of her. She ran her hands up Tess's s legs, her thumbs dipping inward and caressing her vulva. Suddenly the slave put her hands against Tess's knees and shoved them apart. Her face dove toward Tess and her mouth enveloped her pussy. She tongued her vigorously until Tess's heaving breathing turned to panting. The slave girl stood and pushed two fingers into Tess's pussy. She took her right tit into her mouth, sucking and biting her nipple, while her fingers plunged in and out of the blonde.
The blonde captive was rapidly approaching orgasm when the slave stopped and stepped back. Savage Jeff stepped forward and removed the gag from the blonde's mouth, "Are you ready to serve?"
Tess pulled against her chains and her voice shook with desire, "I will never submit to savages."
The savage pulled the slave girl's leash, "Go and bring the magic stick!"
The slave girl went behind the curtain and return with a Rabbit vibrator. She walked to the savage and stood waiting. Tess could clearly see what the slave girl held in her hand. The savage motioned toward the blonde, "Use the magic stick. Do not let her reach ultimate enjoyment!"
The slave girl approached Tess, turned on the vibrator, and slid it between her legs. She slid it along her labia causing Tess to squirm as her arousal grew. Soon her hips were moving against the vibrator. She was on the edge of orgasm, seconds away from extasy, when the slave girl pulled the vibrator away.
Tess was awash with need. The slave girl applied the vibrator again and removed it when Tess was on the edge. Once more the slave applied the vibrator. This time she slid it into Tess's dripping pussy and again she pulled it away as the Tess reached the edge. The savage waived his hand and the slave girl stepped back. He pulled the gag from her mouth, "Are you ready to serve?"
Tess was panting with need, "Yes!"
The savage again waived his hand. The slave girl put a collar on Tess's neck and attached a leash. The savages released her from the cuffs and led her past Steve and Jeff to a low bed at the front of the stage. She used the leash to pull the now compliant Tess onto the bed. Steve and Jeff got onto the bed with her and Jeff flipped her on her back. He moved between her legs and she spread them willingly to allow him access. He slid his cock into her and she moaned loudly as his cock slid deep. He began fucking her hard and fast and soon she screamed as the orgasm she was desperate for exploded through her body.
He pulled out and her hands reached for him. Steve slapped her lips with his cock, and she opened her mouth to accept him. She began to suck his cock with vigor. Jeff began playing with her ass and soon he had two fingers in her ass stretching her.
Steve pulled his cock from her mouth and laid down on his back. Jeffpulled his fingers out of Tess and pushed her onto Steve. She straddled the reclining savage and fed his cock into her drenched pussy. She began to ride him with willing vigor. Steve gripped her ass and held her still while he spread her ass cheeks. Jeff stood on the mattress behind her and slowly slid his cock in her ass.
Steve released his hold, and the two men began to move in rhythm. The savages began slowly but rapidly increasing the pace until both cocks were slamming into her. Tess's mouth gaped open and she began to moan loudly. Soon she was rocked with one orgasm after another until she was unable to support herself. She was laying on the Steve's chest, overcome with orgasmic exhaustion, as they continued to hammer into her. Finally, both savages were ready, and they pulled their cocks from her body. Jeffrolled her off his savage friend. Steve moved up the bed and put his cock in her mouth. She didn't have the strength to raise her arms, but her mouth sucked hard as he began to shoot his load. Jeff pumped his cock and shot his load onto her body.
The men collapsed on either side of Tess and began to lovingly kiss her face, neck, and shoulders. The crowd stood and began clapping and cheering. The two guest savages helped the blonde stand on wobbly legs. Both kissed her deeply and they exchanged words only they could hear. The three guests smiled and bowed to the crowd. They were escorted behind the curtains and the staff began clearing the stage.
_________________________________________
Stacy watched as the three exhausted, sweaty, and smiling guests came through the curtain into the dressing room. The staff quickly escorted them to the spa. Now it was her turn!
Mary pulled the nervous Stacy to her feet, "Let's get you ready."
Mary pulled a long red silk cloth from a hanger. The silk was in the shape of a 'Y'. The leg and branches were roughly six inches wide. The notch of the 'Y' was placed at the back of her neck. The two top branches of the 'Y' draped down in front, while the leg hung down her back. A silk belt was wrapped around her waist holding the branches together so that they hung between her legs. The ends were only a few inches below her crotch. As a result, the silk barely covered her breasts and crotch, leaving her chest and sides exposed. The silk running down her back hung just below her ass and was held in place by the same belt.
Mary took Stacy's hand and had her move in front of the mirror. Stacy was stunned! When she moved the silk enhanced the beauty of her naked hips and long legs. At any angle she looked amazing. She had never felt so sexy and desirable.
Mary stood behind Stacy and admired her in the mirror. She kissed Stacy on the neck, "You have no lines to learn or parts to act out. Just walk through the curtain to the center of the stage. When you get there walk slowly and sensually back and forth. Let the audience see all sides of your beauty."
Mary turned Stacy around and kissed her deeply. Stacy's heart was racing when their lips parted. Mary took her hand and walked her to the curtain. Stacy was nervous without a doubt. She was also very aroused. People were going to be watching her having sex and her inner exhibitionist was clamoring to get out and play. A touch to her back by Mary was all it took to get her stepping through the curtain. She walked to the center of the stage and the entire club went silent.
Stacy began to move. The sound of the silk caressing her skin and her own breathing were the only sounds she heard. She made two circuits of the stage before she noticed movement on the left. A black man stood and approached the stage. Her eye caught movement to her right as another black man stood and approached the stage.
Both men climbed onto the stage but did not approach her. They stood and watched her as she continued to move around the stage. The men pulled their shirts over their heads and let them drop on the floor. Stacy's arousal grew as she saw their muscular chests and defined ab muscles. As she turned, she saw movement on the stage behind her. Mary's eyes drank in Stacy's beauty as she slowly walked around her. Mary was wearing a golden thong and nothing else.
Mary walked up to Stacy and raised her hand to caress Stacy's face. Her mouth followed her hand until her lips met Stacy's. It was a kiss of discovery and exploration. Their lips separated as Mary moved back. She walked behind Stacy and put her hands on Stacy's shoulders.
The shirtless men had removed their slacks while Mary introduced herself to Stacy with more kisses. Stacy felt Mary's lips on her neck as she watched the two men removed the last of their clothing. Their large cocks were semi-erect as they watched her. Each man wrapped a hand around his cock and slowly began to stroke. Stacy watched entranced as they grew rigid with desire. Mary was licking her neck now and her hands brushed the silk off Stacy's shoulders. It slid down her arms to reveal her breasts and erect nipples.
Mary's hands cupped Stacy's breasts and her thumbs caressed her nipples as the two men slowly stroked. Mary moved in front of Stacy and bent to take her nipple in her mouth. She licked and sucked on her breast then released it to kiss Stacy with passion. Mary broke the kiss and began to lick her way down Stacy's body until she was on her knees.
The two men stepped closer. Their hands still slowly stroking their rigid cocks. Mary untied the belt and dropped it to the floor. The silk slid down Stacy's back to the floor, leaving her nude before Mary, the two men, and the audience. Stacy quivered with arousal. Her best fantasies had always contained elements of what was happening here. Being watched by strangers, being watched by her husband, and watching men masturbate were her favorited fantasy themes. She had never dreamed that they would all come together like this. Her nervousness was long gone. She couldn't wait for whatever happened next.
Mary ran her hands up Stacy's legs and onto her thighs. Her thumbs caressed her labia and Stacy moved her feet as far apart as she could. Mary smiled up at her as her thumbs spread Stacy's labia. She leaned forward and Stacy moaned when she felt the tongue flick against her clit. Mary's tongue began to work between Stacy's legs and Stacy put her hands on her head to keep her there.
Stacy's legs began to tremble. Mary turned her back to Stacy and laid down on the stage. Her hands grabbed Stacy behind the knees and pulled her down until Stacy's pussy was nestled on her mouth. Mary's tongue was magical, and Stacy was building toward a massive orgasm. She opened her eyes and saw that one of the naked men was standing close. His massive cock aimed toward her and his cock head almost touching her lips.
Her tongue licked the tip and he moved closer. Her lips wrapped around the head and her tongue caressed it. Her eyes closed as she took more of him into her mouth and began to move her head forward and back as she sucked. A few moments later he pulled his cock from her mouth. Her eyes opened to see the second man standing at her other side. 'Oh,' she thought, 'He wants some too'.
Happy to oblige, she took him into her mouth. She hadn't gotten far when Mary's tongue made thought impossible. She fell forward until her hands were on the floor to support her and began to grind her pussy on Mary's mouth. She began to orgasm hard as she rode Mary's amazing tongue.
Mary slowed her tongue when Stacy's grinding slowed to a stop. She moved from under Stacy and stood. She helped Stacy to her feet and walked her to the bed. The two naked men followed and joined the two women on the bed. Mary pulled Stacy into her arms and kissed her deeply. Stacy was drunk on the woman's beauty and sexuality. She wanted to taste every inch of her. She began to kiss and lick her way down Mary's magnificent body. She moved between her legs and covered Mary's mound with her mouth. Her tongue tasted, teased, and finally attacked Mary's pussy.
One of the men moved behind Stacy and grabbed her by the hips. He pulled her ass up and rubbed his cock along her slit until it gleamed with her juices. He slipped the head into her vagina and slowly slid in deep. Her groans could be heard even as her mouth was muffled against Mary's pussy. Her tongue licked faster and faster as the cock in her picked up speed. Soon Mary was crying out her orgasm as Stacy screamed hers into Mary.
The man behind her slowly slid his cock free and rolled Stacy on her back. He moved up by her head and she took his cock into her mouth. She sucked him with all the skill she could bring to bear. She wanted him to cum for her. The other naked man positioned himself between her legs and entered her. He grabbed her hips and began to long stroke into her.
He moved within her for a while before pushing her legs up and spreading them wide. Now he could plunge deep and he did. His cock hammered into her and she screamed her orgasm. The cock in her mouth swelled and began to release its load down her throat. The man between her legs thrust deep and froze. She could feel his seed shooting deep within her. He pulled out and continued to shoot onto her pussy and ended by shooting on her stomach. Lying there she thought, 'All of these people watched me get fucked and are now watching the cum drip out of my pussy.' The thought sent an orgasmic aftershock through her.
She came back to herself when the roar of clapping started. The two men that had just fucked her brains out helped her to her feet. The wrapped her arms around her from the side and held her as the audience screamed and whistled. She looked at the table where Rob was sitting. He was no longer sitting. He was standing with his fists in the air yelling, "I LOVE YOU.
"THAT'S MY WIFE! REALLY, THAT'S MY WIFE!"
She smiled at him with love and happiness and the crowd cheered louder. Finally, Mary touched her shoulder and her two black lovers escorted her through the curtain. As soon as the curtains closed behind them Mary pulled Stacy against her body and kissed her deeply. Stacy fell into the kiss and could have remained there indefinitely. The two women finally separated. Mary lustily smiled at Stacy, "My god you are amazing. I want so much to be with you again."
"I would like that too."
"Ask Jamal to contact me whenever you are available. Anytime, day or night. I will find a way to be with you."
Her two lovers waited until Mary released her before stepping forward and kissing her deeply as well. They smiled and walked away. Mary clasped her hand, "Are you ready for the spa?"
"Yes, but can my husband come?"
"Of course. I will have Jamal and Anita come as well."
_________________________________________
When Rob stepped through the door to the spa Stacy grabbed his hand and led him to a massage table. She began frantically pulling his clothes off and he frantically helped her. In seconds they were on the table and his cock was buried in her. Jamal and Anita watched and smiled as the couple expressed their love. They both reached orgasm in short order and had been kissing for quite a while afterward before remembered that they had an audience.
They separated and Rob climbed off the table. Mary had been watching as well. She walked over and helped Stacy stand, "You are so beautiful and so tired. Come with me and I will bathe you."
Mary turned to Rob, "We will be back in a little while. Please take advantage of the spa while you wait for us."
Jamal called the club and within a few minutes the tequila they had been drinking and fresh beers were brought to them. Anita left the room for a moment and came back carrying a warm washcloth that she used to carefully clean Rob's cock. She followed up by double checked the cleanliness with her mouth. She released his now rejuvenated cock and poured tequila for everyone.
A few drinks later Anita had Rob lay on the massage table and she began to work the muscles on his back. He was startled when he felt hands on his legs. Jamal's laugh from the table nearby assured him that no attempt was being made to convert him to bi-sexual love.
When Anita had him turn over a vision of beauty that looked amazingly familiar stood at the foot of the massage table, "Uhm, wait a minute!" He looked at Anita, "She has to be your sister, right?"
"Yes, Rob! She is younger by one year. She works at the spa and does not usually interact with guests like I do."
"By interact do you mean sex?"
"Yes. But I told her about you, and she decided to make an exception, if you are interested."
"Duh! I would have to be insane not to be!"
Jamal laughed loudly and raised his beer in a toast to Rob. Anita whispered into Rob's ear, "Rose is very shy and doesn't want to talk, but I think that you will get her to sing for you."
Rob whispered back, "I will give it my best. That is the least either of you deserves."
Anita moved to Rob's feet while her sister began massaging his arms. While Anita massaged her way up his legs her sister finished his arms and started on his chest. When Anita grasped his cock and enveloped him with her mouth Rob took her sisters hand and pulled her into a kiss. Their kiss deepened rapidly and soon Rob was unbuttoning the sister's dress. He was sucking on her nipples when Anita stopped her cock worship long enough to help her sister out of her dress.
Anita helped Rose straddle Rob's face and sat down with Jamal to watch. She raised her glass to Jamal, and they drank a silent toast.
Rob wanted Anita to be glad that she had shared Rose with him. To be honest he enjoyed using his tongue to pleasure her sweet tasting sister. Her movements told him she was enjoying herself, and he gave her his best effort. He understood what Anita meant by singing when Rose began to hum louder and louder until shaking with her orgasm she sang out. Her voice was quite beautiful when she came.
Rob rolled her onto her back and entered her in missionary position. Their lips met and they kissed deeply as his cock inched its way into her. They found their sexual rhythm and soon humming could be heard. Rob raised up and shoved her legs back and picked up the pace. Her voice provided interconvertible evidence at her joy in their coupling. She orgasmed again as Rob shoved deep into her and his cock spasmed. His cum was dripping past his spent cock and down her crack when she pulled him back into a passionate kiss.
They kissed for so long that Anita finally stood and came to the table, "Sweet little sister you must let him go now. He has the love of his life and you must find your own."
Rob broke the kiss and smiled down at her while she pouted at her sister for a second. She then turned her attention back to Rob and smiled happily up at him, "I understand sister.
"Rob?"
"Yes beautiful."
"Do you and your wife need help at home? I would be glad to help you both in return for sex!"
"Sister, behave!"
Rob smiled down at her, "It would be amazing to have you with us, but you need to live your life and not be anyone's sex slave."
"Sex slave sounds nice!"
"SISTER!"
Rose laughed so hard that Rob's spent cock shot out of her drenched pussy. He took that as his que to stand. He kissed her deeply, then fondly, before walking over to Jamal. Rob put a towel on the chair and sat. Jamal handed him a snifter of tequila and they toasted Anita and her sister. The giggling sister grabbed her clothing and left.
Anita sat down, "Thank you Rob for being so good with her. I worry that the local boys will treat her roughly if they get her alone. I know she has needs and I wanted her to experience how a real man makes love."
"I assure you it was my pleasure. I am glad that I could do something that makes you happy."
"You have done that several times already! Speaking of showers, let's get you in one!"
"I don't want to miss Stacy when she finishes up."
As if she had heard them talking Stacy walked into the room. She walked up to her husband and kissed him deeply, "Awe shoot! I missed it. You fucked somebody didn't you?"
"Yes, I did and now I need a shower. Will you relax here while I clean up?"
"Hmm. That's a hard one. Sit here and drink tequila and beer with Jamal or go to the room alone. DUH!"
"OK, I will be back shortly."
After Rob and Anita left Jamal held his glass up to Stacy, "I have never seen anything as beautiful and sexy as you were this evening. I don't think anyone here has. If you would like the video to take with you, I need to call the club manager now. They delete everything after the club closes for the night."
"Absolutely! I suspect Rob will be very upset if I don't get a copy and I would like to watch it too."
Jamal made a quick call and they sat quietly for a while. Finally, Stacy had enough to drink to get her courage up, "What made you decide to do the work you do?"
Jamal smiled, "Several reason really. No job on the island pays anything close to what this one does. The tips can be outrageous, and it gives Anita and I some adventures most married couples will never have."
"You and Anita are married!"
"Yes, we are. Amazingly enough, this job has brought us closer, and has kept us closer, than we ever would have dreamed."
"It can't always be fun."
"Sometimes it can be a bit difficult."
"Ugly people?"
"Not so much ugly on the outside as ugly on the inside. Our guests tend to be younger couples and while some are not beautiful, rarely are they ugly. The least attractive woman I have been with was one of the most enjoyable. She was such a joyful person, and I could tell she loved her husband very much. As he did her. The difficult ones are those that have failing marriages or a lot of trust issues. There is nearly always drama. There is no joy in that."
"What about STDs?"
"The blood test you both had the week before you came is required for all guests. The staff like Anita and I are tested after the couple we host has left for home. We don't have sex outside of the resort except with our partner."
The two sat in companionable silence. Stacy was tired after a long fun day and her eyes were drooping when Rob and Anita returned. Rob saw the state his wife was in, "I believe one more toast is in order and then we are off to bed."
Jamal poured the last of the bottle and they raised their glasses. Rob smiled fondly at them, "To Anita and Jamal for their loving friendship and to my wife, the woman I adore!"
The toast lit a spark in Stacy's eyes that lasted through the toast and gave her the energy she needed to make the trip to their room without being carried. Rob left his wife long enough to relieve himself. When he returned Stacy was laying across the bed with her legs hanging off, still dressed. She was out like a light. Rob undressed her and put her to bed. She hadn't so much as stirred during the process.
_________________________________________
Rob woke to the feel of a warm hand gently stroking his cock. He opened one eye and looked down at the hand on his cock and his eyes traveled up the arm and to the smiling face of Stacy. She gave him a kiss on the cheek rather than his mouth to avoid a severe case of morning mouth. He pulled her close and hugged her before tickling her. They crawled out of bed at the crack of noon and did the usual bathroom stuff. Dressed for the beach, the couple left their room at half past noon.
After a reinvigorating lunch, the couple went to the beach for a few hours. They returned to the resort and entered the swimming pool and settled at the swim up bar. The couple really wanted to hang out with Jamal and Anita but decided that the couple probably needed a break after the yesterday and last night. Two men immediately swam up and sat down next to Stacy. It didn't take long before Stacy tired of their attempts to seduce her in front of her husband. She wasn't happy with the disrespect they showed Rob by not even acknowledging his presence.
She ignored them to talk to Rob and the one next to her kept trying. Finally, Rob's patience wore thin, "OK guys, enough. If she were interested, you would know it by now. So please stop."
"Sorry, but she is so gorgeous we had to give it a shot."
"Oh, I understand. She is amazing without a doubt. Don't you have wives or girlfriends to play with?"
"Yeh, but they are spending the day at the spa."
"Feel free to enjoy the bar, but if you are looking for a toy to play with you need to look elsewhere."
The guy next to Stacy looked at her back, "Excuse me?"
Stacy turned, "Yes?"
"I apologize. It was rude of us to hit on you, especially in front of your husband. It isn't an excuse, but our wives had been having a lot of fun with the guys here and we thought it would be that easy for us."
"Why don't you try your bracelets?"
"I thought that was just for like room service."
Rob and Stacy laughed hard. Stacy took mercy on the stranger, "Oh, not at all. I will make you a bet. If you press 12 and 6 and don't like the results, I will personally suck both of your cocks."
"HOLY SHIT!" was followed by frantic button pressing. Rob sat chuckling as they waited for the results. In just a few moments two gorgeous women native to the island waded over to the two men. The man next to Stacy turned to see who had put a hand on his shoulder and his mouth fell open in shock. The breasts that were nearly in his face almost distracted him from her beautiful face. She smiled at him, "I was getting lonely waiting for you to call."
"Uhm, you, uhm, are here for uhm, me?"
"Yes I am."
"And all I had to do was press the buttons?"
"Yes, your wife figured that out the first day. I thought after four days you just weren't interested."
Rob couldn't hold back; he laughed his ass off and Stacy joined him.
The women took the two men by hand and they eagerly waded away after them. A few minutes later two women waded up and sat on the two stools next to Amber. The one closest to Amber snickered, "That was awesome. You guys really got those guys good!"
Stacy smiled happily, "They seemed like nice guys, just a bit misguided. I think they will be busy for a while now."
The lady next to Stacy grinned, "I certainly hope so. The one that was sitting next to you is my husband."
She pointed to the lady next to her, "The other one is hers!"
Stacy laughed, "You really didn't tell him about the bracelet for four days?"
"We tried to tell them both, but they were so busy gawking at other women they didn't pay attention."
Stacy, Rob, and the bartender laughed loudly. When they calmed down Stacy began the introductions, "I'm Stacy and this is my husband Rob. The gentleman behind the bar is Hector."
The lady next to her thrust out her hand and Stacy took it, "I'm Deb and this is my best friend Janice."
Deb held Rob's hand an extra few seconds and Stacy raised an eyebrow at her, "Taking lessons from your husband?"
Deb flushed in embarrassment, "I am sorry. We saw the show last night. We couldn't help but think your husband must be just as amazing as you are. We asked the waiter to point out your table and we both got a bit giddy when we saw Rob.
"But we didn't come over here to seduce your husband. We just came to say hello and have a laugh at our husbands' expense.
"Not that we wouldn't mind either or both of you seducing us. Oh, what the hell.! No seduction would be required, but we are fine hanging out too!"
Stacy couldn't help but laugh at her blatant honesty. A few drinks later and Stacy was watching as Janice and Deb demonstrated their deep throat skills on Rob. Deb realized that Janice wasn't going to share and decided kissing Stacy was much more fun. Janice, having proved her point, released Rob's cock, and took a turn kissing Stacy as well. The playful competition for Stacy's lips soon devolved in a splash fight that had them all laughing. Not long after that, Janice and Deb left to tease their husbands about their lack of button savvy.
Rob still had a raging erection and waggled his eyebrows at Stacy while fingering the buttons on his bracelet. Stacy grabbed his hand, "Hands off the button buddy. We're giving them a break. You'll have to settle for me."
"That's not settling! That's winning the lottery. Now, come here you!" Rob grabbed her and kissed her deeply. They decided a nap was in their immediate future and walked back to their room.
They napped after exercising their sex organs vigorously. When they woke, they snuggled and Rob gave his wife a hug, "How are you doing with all of this?"
"It's weird. Just a few weeks ago I was a mundane, but happy wife. Does it sound strange that I have been never felt closer to you even though I have been fucking other people?"
"Just a few weeks ago I would never have admitted watching my wife have sex would be so erotic. The only way this works is if we guard our love for each other."
"I agree, with both things. Our love is the most important thing and I get hot watching you slide that big cock into other women. It's like I am so proud of you and your skills that I want other women to appreciate you as well."
Rob rolled to his side and looked into his wife's eyes, "You know when we get home it won't be like this. Are you going to be happy with just me if that is how things turn out?"
"You make me happy and I don't need anyone else. If it is only you and me from now on, I will be perfectly happy."
Rob kissed her, "I feel the same way babe."
Then he grinned, "I can still fuck your sister though, right?"
Stacy chose to take his question seriously, "You make my sister happy and as long as you are both happy, I will be glad to share."
She grinned up at him, "But I always get first dibs!
"Oh, I forgot! Jamal is getting us a video of last night. They record the show in case the performers want a copy. When the club closes for the night, they erase everything."
Rob's eyes got big, "Yes! I will make backup copies as soon as we get home. That way when I wear one out, I'll have another copy to watch!"
_________________________________________
Rob and Stacy decided they needed a break from the fast and furious sexual escapades. Sure, they had enjoyed themselves, but they hadn't lost sight of what led them to their new sexual openness. They spent the next three days of vacation totally focused on each other. Both were determined not fall back into stagnation, into taking it all for granted. It can also be said that they were in a tropical paradise without day-to-day concerns and wanted to enjoy every minute of it.
They ate at least one meal a day with Jamal and Anita simply because they liked them and enjoyed their company. On the fifth day of their vacation Stacy and Anita were off shopping the local artisans. Rob took advantage of the opportunity to talk to Jamal. The two men were having a beer when Rob shared what was on his mind, "I would like to give Stacy a once in a lifetime sexual experience."
Jamal was thoughtful, "I can help you with that. Tell me, what excites her the most? What fantasies does she have that her normal inhibitions and opportunity prevent her from experiencing?"
"Well, she has an exhibitionist streak." Rob went on to tell Jamal about her tanning bed adventures.
"So, she likes the idea of being in an innocent situation that turns sexual. For example, she is innocently exposed, and the watchers take advantage of her in a way that gradually builds. She doesn't start out looking for sex, but the situation escalates until she too aroused to resist."
Jamal considered for a few moments, then grinned, "I have an idea. I assume you want to watch?"
"Oh, hell yes!"
"I will set things up for when she returns from shopping."
When Anita and Stacy returned from shopping, they were met at the lobby by Mary, "Stacy! It is wonderful to see you again! Hello Anita!"
Smiles and hugs were shared, then Mary took Stacy's hand, "Your timing is wonderful! I was looking for you all over. Please come with me."
Stacy was hesitant, "Rob doesn't know I am back."
Anita had been texted by Jamal and was in on the plan, "No worries. I will tell him you are back. Maybe I can climb a tree while I am about it!"
Stacy laughed, "I think he would like that!"
Stacy followed Mary and they wound their way through the garden paths to the spa. Mary escorted her inside. Anita's sister met them, "I am looking forward to giving you a wonderful massage! Please get undressed and lay down on the table."
Mary left them and shortly thereafter Stacy was laying nude on the massage table. The massage was wonderfully relaxing. Rose had her lay on her back and applied oils to her body. The massage was intended to relax Stacy, then gradually arouse her. Rose started with the standard massage. As the massage progressed Rose made sure she 'accidentally' brushed her fingers across Stacy's nipples. When she massaged Stacy's legs her fingertips would brush across Stacy's clit.
Near the end of the massage Stacy was in quite a state of arousal. Then Rose 'accidentally' spilled the bottle of massage oil on Stacy's crotch, "Oh my goodness! I am so sorry. Please go to the women's shower and clean up. I can't believe I did that!"
Stacy liked the feel of the warm oil running down her labia and into her butt crack. There was way too much of it and she was soaked. Rose helped her stand, and she followed the sign to the women's shower. The oil ran down her legs as she walked into the room.
What Stacy didn't know was that they had switched the signs. Stacy was in the men's shower room. A fact she discovered shortly after entering the room. She found herself surrounded by four naked black men. At first, she was confused. Then she was embarrassed. But when the men moved closer, the aroused state she had been in when she walked into the room returned. She wasn't aware that Rob was standing in a shower stall peeking through the crack between the shower curtain and the stall.
One of the men stood close, "You have a lot of oil on your body beautiful. Perhaps I can help you with that."
His hands rubbed the oil on her belly and slid down to her legs. The remaining men moved as close as they could to her. Their hands began to glide over her oil-soaked body. Stacy was frozen in place. Her chest rising and falling rapidly. The hand gliding up her leg reaching her labia. Oily fingers slid along her slit and across her clit sending a shiver of desire through her. The man behind her pulled her against his chest. She could feel his erection against her ass. He kissed her neck and lightly bit her ear. The men on either side of her squeezed her oily tits. Their thumbs circled her hard nipples as the man working her crotch shoved a finger inside her, "You are very wet beautiful. I want to taste you. Tell me, do you want me to taste you?"
The man next to her was kissing her deeply and she couldn't respond verbally. Her hips moving in time with the hand at her pussy was all the answer they needed. The men moved her to the shower room bench and sat her on the end. One of them pulled her back against his chest while the one who had been caressing her pussy knelt and enveloped her mons with his mouth. His tongue swept rapidly up and down her slit only stopping long enough to flick against her clit.
The men on either side rubbed their cocks against her lips. Her hands came up and grasped their cocks and she began to lick them. She lowered her mouth on one, licking and sucking the massive head and shaft. She turned her head slightly and did the same to the other cock. The men backed away and the man behind her slid back and laid her on the bench.
The men beside her each grasped a leg. They pulled them back and out; her aroused pussy positioned for penetration. The man eating her pussy rose and slid his cock up and down her slit before guiding the head into her opening. Inch by inch he penetrated her. He began to fuck her with long strokes as the men beside her brought their cocks back to her mouth.
The man fucking her picked up his pace until he was fucking her hard and Stacy began to buck as her orgasm approached. Her hands squeezed the cocks she was sucking hard as her orgasm rocked her body. He continued to fuck her hard and she soon orgasmed again.
He pulled his cock from her and the men stood her up and turned her. They picked her up and set her down straddling the man that had been behind her. He gripped her hips and slid her pussy slid down onto his massive cock. Stacy was shaking with desire. A cock touched her mouth, and she began to suck. She felt a hand running up and down her oiled ass and a finger pressing against her anus. The figure penetrated her ass and began to slide in and out in time with the cock in her pussy.
Stacy lost her ability to suck the cock in her mouth. Her hands moved to the chest of the man below her and she braced herself against him as he fucked her. The finger in her ass was replaced by the head of a cock. The head of the cock slid into her ass and the rest of the cock soon followed. The men coordinated their strokes and Stacy was rocked with one continuous orgasm.
Stacy could no longer think. She was lost in the intensity of the fucking she was receiving. These men were using her as their fuck toy and there was no denying she was enjoying the experience. She felt a hand grab her hair and guide her mouth to a cock. The hand pumped her head as she sucked until another hand pulled her to another cock. She felt hot cum shooting in her ass and pussy and she screamed as she came again.
The man behind her pulled out of her ass and she was lifted from the man under her. Cum began to drip out of her as she was turned and placed on her back. A massive cock entered her pussy and began to fuck her fast. She couldn't stop cumming. Her mind was locked in a primal state. The man fucking her slid his hand behind her neck and lifted her head, "Look at my cock fucking your sweet pussy. Do you want me to stop?"
"No! Don't you dare stop! Fuck me!"
He fucked her fast and deep and her hips bucked up to meet him. His strokes became ragged and more intense until he pulled his cock out of her pussy, moved up, and plunged it into her willing mouth. His cum began to shoot down her throat. She sucked and swallowed in a near frenzy. Finally spent, he pulled his cock from her mouth.
The last man entered her and fucked her fast and hard. Stacy was like a rag doll hanging off his massive cock. Her hands were locked onto his arms as he plunged into her. She was totally lost in the sensations and she couldn't stop cumming. The cock in her pussy swelled and began to shoot cum deep into her.
He pulled his spent cock from her and she felt hands picking her up. She was standing in a daze when she felt hands guiding her to the wall. She put her hands against the wall as she bent over to position her pussy for the next cock. The cock entered her, and she could feel his body against her back. His hands grabbed her tits, and his fingers pinched her nipples, "Having fun babe?"
"Oh, fuck yes! Now fuck your wife and show them who owns her!"
Rob fucked his wife hard and fast until he couldn't hold back another second. He pumped her full of his cum and she screamed her joy as the most intense orgasm of her life took control of her mind and body. She would have collapsed if Rob's arms had not held her up.
Rob's spent cock slid from his wife's abused pussy. He turned her around and held her close as their breathing returned to normal. He smiled down at her exhausted face, "I love you. Are you OK?"
She was totally spent and could only nod her reply. She took deep breaths and managed to whisper, "I love you too."
The four men took her from Rob, and he watched as they bathed her. They washed her thoroughly and tenderly, taking turns planting soft kisses on her face. They dried her and carried her from the shower room into a private massage room. They laid her on a massage table and covered her with a blanket. Each man kissed her softly on the lips and left the room. She was almost asleep when Rob kissed her lips. Even with her eyes closed and conscious fading she knew his kiss and smiled. Seconds later she was asleep.
Rob left the room and closed the door behind him. He showered and dressed. When he left the shower room Mary was waiting, "We will watch over her and let you know as soon as she wakes."
Rob smiled, "Thank you for making this possible and for taking care of her."
Mary smiled back, "It was my pleasure. Your wife is special, and I enjoy bringing her happiness."
_________________________________________
Anita and Jamal were waiting for Rob when he exited the spa. Rob pulled them both into a hug, "Thank you both for everything you have done for us. You are amazing and mean much more to us than you can imagine."
The three held each other tightly, sharing their affection and friendship. Rob released them, "Now let's drink some of that wonderful tequila!"
The smiling friends found a table in the shade and celebrated their friendship.
The four friends spent the remainder of Rob and Stacy's vacation together making love, or just fucking. Rob and Stacy spent the last night of their stay alone. They dined, walked the beach, and made love. In the morning Jamal presented them with a recording of the shower gang bang along with his and Anita's contact information. The friendship that had developed between the two couples would last a lifetime, despite the distance.
It was time to go home. Rob and Stacy had tears in their eyes as they held each other in the cab taking them to the airport.