A special lesson from the maestro. By Hanns G
*****
A novice learns new erotic techniques from the maestro.
As an experiment, my wife, Susan and I tried bondage, first, just some simple stuff using a silk scarf. That went over well, so I decide to investigate using rope. I was a boy scout, so how hard could it be? Now, I can tie two logs together, but that's not erotic, I needed some help.
We are two mid-forties novices who go to the local Adult store looking for a "bondage 101" instructional video or book after we tried the local library. Perhaps they had a "Bondage for Dummies," nothing in the adult store appeared to be for beginners.
Looking online, Susan found a DVD with a description that seemed to be what we needed. After watching, we admitted that it really wasn't what we wanted. We didn't want some hard-core bondage, but something we could accomplish at home, without building a dungeon in the garage. Most videos besides having a complete a bondage set had multiple people in them. "Not going to happen," said Susan.
After picking up a few tips by watching the videos, I bought some polypropylene rope at the local hardware store to get us started. First, the rope was too thick and it was not soft on Susan's skin. Guess you can't use boat dock rope. She didn't want rope burns, or prickly rope fibers. We found a better rope that actually was on sale at Walmart. People must have wondered what I was doing, while rubbing different ropes on Susan's arm and saying, "How does this one feel?"
We tried out the new rope, hey, it's soft, easy to tie and untie. Therefore, that's good, according to Boy Scout manual. I really wanted to try tit bondage but found that there was more too it, it's tough to tie small tits with large diameter rope. After I would get them tied, Susan would move and the rope would fall off. Not exactly, the erotic effect I was looking for. A query to Google indicated that bondage tape was supposed to be the best for tit bondage; it is similar to a roll of electrical tape, but not sticky.
I practiced a few knots and rope positions that seem to work. Now that we got the kinks out Susan was starting to like this more. I would put the blind fold and gag on her, tie her up and bind her small pear shaped tits. The tape causes the nipples to protrude prominently for advanced play.
I usually used the living room chair and tied her seated down; she would have on a short white silk robe that opened easily. Once I tied her to the fireplace mantle standing up, but that wasn't comfortable for any length of time, so the chair worked best.
I kept adding different items to enhance the sessions. A little fluffy duster on a stick allowed for some pleasure and maybe a random whack for a little pain. I found a device that was like a bunch of pins on a wheel. The tiny pins rolled around her nipples really got her going; it was the combination of pain and pleasure. We kept doing this and soon the sessions were starting to lose the original rush, maybe we needed something else.
I wanted to film the sessions to make an erotic video for us to watch, so she could view herself from my perspective, but she was adamant about not videoing her. I don't know if she thought I was going to start selling videos of her or what. Nevertheless, no videoing. I was going to sneak a video while she had the blindfold on, but I figured that if she caught me she might stop doing the sessions.
We had a usual routine, have a few drinks to loosen up, light some scented candles, put on some mood music and then start. This night was like the others, I had Susan blindfolded, gagged and all tied up in the chair. Each leg tied to a chair leg, arms tied back and started to bind her tits so the nipples were the only part exposed. I had just finished binding one tit when the doorbell rings; ding-dong. I was going to ignore it but it kept ringing; ding-dong...ding-dong. "Dam, who the hell is here," I muttered
I went to the door and it's my neighbor Gary. Gary is about sixty, married, balding and in moderately good shape for an old guy.
"I really hate to bother you but I need to borrow a pipe wrench."
"Can't it wait till tomorrow?"
"No I really need it tonight, my sink is leaking."
I said, "OK," so I could get rid of him, then realized that if he came into the living room, Susan would be in plain sight.
"But stay in the foyer. Don't move!"
I went out to the garage to get the wrench, when I came back; Susan must have been making some muffled noise to cause Gary to investigate. Gary is leaning over my wife admiring her unbound pear shaped breast, pale in areas not covered while sunning.
Gary doesn't say anything but just stands there. Putting on his glasses to inspect her bound breast's dark areola and nipple, he stands back taking in the whole scene of Susan tied in the chair, completely oblivious to her new admirer.
Silently he leans over, bringing his mouth close to Susan's nipple, just close enough so she could feel his warm breath. I could have stopped Gary at this point, but I am watching speechless and fascinated. Susan keeps trying to bring her nipple closer to his mouth; she leans as far forward as she can and he moves away, but stays close enough, his warm breath still on her nipple.
He reaches out and gently explores Susan's long dark hard nipple with his finger; she flinches. I don't say a word; she is struggling and trying to say something, which sounds like, "Is someone else there?" I hold my finger to my lips; I figured that if we don't speak she would not know he is the one playing with her tits. Before Gary could say anything I reply, "No it was Gary wanting to borrow a wrench and he's gone."
She relaxes and Gary takes this as if I have given him permission to play with my wife's breasts. He starts tweaking the nipples on one, by rubbing it between his thumb and forefinger and pulling the other one. I am standing there watching this in amazement as Susan is moaning.
For some reason I'm finding this thrilling, almost like a scene from one of the video's. The sight of Gary playing with Susan's nipples mesmerizes me. It's like the maestro taking over from the student, so he can demonstrate the proper technique.
Normally, I would let Gary borrow my tools but not fondle my wife's tits. Still I don't say a word. Gary starts gently sucking her hard dark nipple, sucking it in and then pulling it by holding it between his lips. She continues moaning and moving her hips as much as she can. She is still trying to talk; her gag is getting wetter with each try. I don't understand what she is saying. Gary looks at me as if to say, are you sure, this is OK. I nod OK.
I motion to Gary, to look on the table; the tools are in plain sight. He just shakes his head no. At first, I thought he was going to stop, but he was just pausing, taking in the view of Susan's tanned body. Secured to the chair, all Susan can do is struggle against her bindings.
Gary reaches over and picks up a candle, inspects it, then forms a spout in the soft wax. He moves the lavender candle over above Susan's tanned breast. He then allowed a single drip of the liquid lavender candle wax to fall on her breast; it seemed to fall in slow motion.
When the hot wax landed on Susan's breast, she jumped as much as she could, letting out a muffled scream. The wax landed on very top of her tanned breast, and then as the wax cooled slowly, it changed to an opaque splotch. He moved the candle less than an inch and repeated the drip. After each succeeding dip, she struggled less, almost trying to push her breast upwards to intercept another drip of hot wax.
The drips continued down her breast until he almost reached the nipple, pausing, perhaps to raise her anticipation level. I could see the candle paused over the dark nipple, awaiting the proper time to send hot wax down to its target.
The hot lavender wax finally hit its target; she flinches as though she had an electric shock. Her whole body tensed. Each succeeding drop builds a mound of wax on her nipple, the excess falling to her stomach. Satisfied that the wax properly coated the nipple, he put the candle back.
Gary then reached for a green balsam candle, makes a spout and readies for the other nipple. Green hot wax drips slowly down to the bound breast's nipple. This releases a pleasant balsam odor, almost like being in a Forrest. The wax must be hotter or it was very unexpectedly painful because Susan recoils in the chair and tears start streaming down her cheeks. She is trying to scream but the gag muffles it.
Susan is still trying to move but her legs are bound to the chair so all she can do is move her butt. The robe has opened more, revealing Susan's completely shaved pussy at bottom of the pale outline of her bikini.
It's obvious that her juices are flowing, since her robe and the towel on the chair is darker than the surrounding material. Gary gently lets his finger follow the slippery slit to the mouth of her waiting vagina, slides one finger inside, pulls it out and sniffs; it must be OK because he goes back to slowly finger fucking her. He takes his time tweaking her clit with one hand, continuing all the while finger fucking her with the other.
Susan is moaning and trying to rock in the chair, each time her breasts sway back and forth. Susan is chomping on the gag and drool is dripping out of her mouth, down to her stomach. I am standing there as though it was a porno star in a movie, not my wife. Dam, what a sight. A few minutes of this and Susan starts to spasm and trying to force her pussy forward so Gary's fingers would go in further. She lets out a muffled sigh and relaxes back into the chair.
Gary is standing there looking at Susan, looking at me and not sure what to do next. I think he would like to fuck her right here by the sight of the budge in his pants, but doesn't try. I hoped that he wasn't going to put his cock on her face or something. I didn't really want to see Gary's old cock.
I motion for him to go to the door and leave; he tiptoes out to the door with wrench in hand. I gently open and close the door trying to be super quiet. Susan is starting to jiggle around so I go back, remove her blindfold, and gag. I figure she was none the wiser to our added guest. The first thing she says "Is Gary gone?" and then "Untie me I really have to pee."
We have to decide on how to talk to Gary about this, because I have no idea what to do next, except to get my pipe wrench back from Gary tomorrow.