"Bryan, youfuckingasshole!"
It wasn't the first time I'd said it. It wouldn't be the last. 'Bryan, you fucking asshole!' had sort of become my mantra in the days since my now ex-fiancé had abandoned me at Quarry Gap in Pennsylvania. Ok, "abandoned" isn't really fair. But fuck fair, he's still an asshole.
***
We'd planned the trip for a year. We were going to thru-hike the entire Appalachian Trail from Mount Katahdin, Maine to Springer Mountain, Georgia and get married at the end of the trip. We thought six months alone together on the trail would bring us closer together. We made it almost halfway before the fight.
An early spring in New England meant that the trail was more crowded than we expected. Shelters were full and campsites were tight. We met a lot of friendly people though. We'd drift along the trail with one group of hikers or another for a few days at a time. Along the way I picked up the trail name "Springer Mountain Bride" and they called Bryan "Captain Spreadsheet" because of his compulsively organized itinerary.
It was a great social life with great people, but made it tough to get alone-time. As we worked our way south, the weather grew hot and the crowds thinned out. Bryan and I finally got the quiet solitude we were looking for. I made the mistake of thinking it might be fun to test our boundaries a bit.
It started outside of Harrisburg. We had gotten an early start and were ahead of schedule, so I convinced Bryan to turn off the trail at Center Point Knob and take a short side-hike up to White Rocks Vista. It was the last week of August and the weather was hot and muggy, but on the way up, we passed a spring and filled our bottles with ice-cold water.
At the overlook, Bryan and I dropped our packs and sat down to catch our breath and admire the scenery. Eventually, Bryan got up to take some pictures for our trip blog, but I was feeling frisky. With the hot weather, it had been almost two months since we'd shared a sleeping bag—a girl has needs, y'know.
I peeled off my tank top and sports bra but the still air did nothing to cool me down, so I decided to sacrifice a bottle of water to the cause. I poured the cold spring water slowly over my shoulders and let it run down my chest. I gasped as the icy rivulets caressed my bare breasts and caused my nipples to pucker. The water soaked into my shorts cooling my nethers, and ran down my legs.
All too soon, the bottle was empty. I closed my eyes and sighed, savoring the coolness on my bare skin while I could. I let the bottle drop from my fingers.
"What are you doing!?"
I turned to see Bryan staring at me aghast.
"Cooling down," I replied, walking towards him with my shoulders back and a seductive swing in my hips. "And then maybe heating up again." I reached for his crotch to see if I could coax his cock to come out and play.
"Stop that," he snapped, pushing my hand away. "Put your clothes back on. Someone will see you."
"But there's no one around for miles," I purred. I spread my arms wide, felt my tits pull tighter against my chest, and spun in a slow circle
"You don't know that."
"I checked, silly. It's Tuesday." I brushed a hand against his cheek. "No local's are going to be out in a little state park on a Tuesday, and no other thru-hikers will come out here this late in the day. C'mon, play with me!" I made an attempt to pull up the hem of his T-shirt, but he backed away.
"There could be a ranger. There could be people down there right now watching you with binoculars. Will you please put your clothes back on." He tried to hand me my bra and tank top, but instead I made a show of opening the front of my wet shorts and pushing them to my ankles along with my panties, leaving my yearning vag glistening in the sun.
"C'mon Captain Spreadsheet. Don't you want to take your Bride on top of a mountain?" It was a little awkward stepping out of my pants with hiking boots on, but I managed it.
"You can look out over Pennsylvania while you pound your big, hot dick into my wet pussy." Fully naked now, I walked towards him again and ran a finger up my moist slit, shivering as I brushed against my swelling clit.
"You can feel the breeze on your balls when you jizz on my tits." I turned and bent over an outcropping of rock, bracing my hands.
"You can make me cum until I scream and no one will hear." I spread my legs to let him know where I wanted him and gave my tits a little jiggle.
"Don't you want to fuck me, Bryan?" I urged, giving him my best cum-hither look.
"No—don't be disgusting."
"Disgusting!?"
***
That was the beginning of the end. For two days, tempers flared back and forth. Words like "slut" and "prude" and "perverse" and "boring" were used. We were pretty awful to each other. At Quarry Gap, Bryan finally suggested that we just call off the rest of the trip, hitch into Fayetteville, and find a way to get home. I called him a coward and a quitter.
That night I slept in our tent and he slept in the three-sided log-cabin shelter with a troop of boy scouts. When I woke up in the morning Bryan was gone.
I wasn't about to give him the satisfaction of following him. I broke camp by myself, packed up, and prepared to hit the trail solo. But first, I cut a bit of utility cord, tied it around my engagement ring, and hung it by the shelter in case Bryan came back.
Bryan, you fucking asshole. You fucking bailed on me. I've been dreaming of this trip for longer than I've known you. I shared that dream with you. You don't get to take it with you. I amfinishingmy adventurewithoutyou.
I let my rage fuel me and pushed hard for Deer Lick shelter, the next stop on our itinerary. I was making really great time, although I was a bit of a bitch to everyone I met on the trail.
Around lunchtime I was ready to take a break and refuel. Tumbling Run shelter was just up ahead and should have been a good place to rest. As I came up on the shelter clearing through the woods, I could hear voices up ahead of me. I wasn't ready to deal with people yet, but fuck it, it was time to stop.
As I rounded a bend in the trail, a shelter cabin appeared through the trees. There was movement and I saw people. And then I stopped short with a gasp.
They were naked. They were fucking.
I was less than 10 yards away when I spotted them, out in the open on a picnic table under the simmering noonday sun. Their attention was too focused on each other to notice me. My attention was too focused on them to even think about moving.
They were both young—college students maybe. She was black, with skin the color of espresso, and he was pale white with a hint of sunburn. He took her from behind, her knees on the picnic table bench and her body supported by her elbows on the table. The contrast of their skin tones pressed together was startlingly erotic.
She was tall and athletic, with round tits, toned muscles, and wide hips that he clung to doggedly. He was lean and rangy with shaggy, blonde hair and a marathon runner's build. Her loose curls were bound together in a shoulder-length ponytail. He wore a scruffy goatee, but otherwise both of their bodies were shaved smooth and sheened in sweat. His chest was bare; his running shorts were down around his ankles. Both of them still wore expensive trail running shoes, but otherwise she was nude, her clothes tossed carelessly on the table.
From where I stood, half concealed by trees, I could see his ass and thighs flex with every thrust. I could see her hanging tits sway back and forth every time his hips jolted her ass. I could hear her gasp and cry out as he pumped his cock deep into her body.
"Ughn!... Yes!... Give it to me, baby!... Fuck that pussy hard... Ah! Yeah!... Make me feel every inch... every inch of that dick... So fucking deep, baby... Mmmph!"
His pale fingers dug into the ebony flesh around her waist. With his other hand, he reached forward and grabbed at one of her heavy tits. This leaned him forward, off balance on his toes. He lost the leverage he needed to fuck her properly so she picked up the slack, slowly working her ass up and down as his hips pressed steadily into her.
"God you're so fucking tight... I love the way your hungry little pussy feels on my cock!" he hissed into her ear.
With one hand she reached back between her legs and caressed his nuts, rolling his pale pink sack between her ebony fingers.
"I love it too, baby!... I love that dick in me... Oh God... Sun on my skin and dick in my pussy... This is heaven, baby... I wanna die on this dick..."
It was the most lewd and erotic thing I'd ever seen and I so badly wanted to be her. I wanted to be that bold and that passionate. I wanted to feel my tits swinging free in the air and squeezed in his grip. I wanted to feel my cunt stuffed full of hot cock meat. I wanted his hips slapping against my ass, and his firm balls in my fingers.
I tucked a hand down into my shorts and found my swollen clit, slick and begging for attention. I gasped at my own touch, then bit my lip and prayed they hadn't heard.
"Oh!... Oh!... Uhn!... Deeper!... Ahn!... Fuck me deeper!... Ungh!... I want it all!... Ugnh!... Make it hurt, baby!... AH!... Make me scream!"
He was back on his feet, ramming his cock into her in long strokes, pulling out slowly to nearly the head, and then slamming everything back in deep and hard. She was madly rubbing her clit, crying out in pleasure and pain every time his shaft pushed the limits of her depth just a little bit further.
"You want it to hurt, you little cock-slut? I can make it hurt..."
He smacked her ass hard and she yelped, more in surprise than in pain. He grabbed a handful of her sable hair, yanked her head back and redoubled his effort to drive his cock all the way through her body.
"Ah!... Yes!... Fuck me faster now!... Yeah!... Yeah!... Faster!... Oh God, baby... Just like that!... I'm gonna cum... Ah!... Ah!... Ah!... I'm... gonna... cum... on... your... dick... Uhn!... Uhn!... Uhn!"
Her fingers were a flurry on her clit, while he hammered his cock into her. My own fingers were furiously working my clit and digging for my G-spot, but my damn shorts were too tight. With one hand I managed to free my pack's hip belt and open my shorts, but I was afraid to move too much and draw their attention.
"Oh... my... God... I'm... gonna... I'm... cumming!..."
Her arms shuddered and she collapsed on the table, her dark breasts pressed flat under her chest. Her hand clutched at the sun-warmed wood and a long, trembling groan of ecstatic release escaped through her clenched teeth.
He held onto her hips and her hair and continued to pound her cunt like a machine, driving her through her orgasm, giving her frazzled nerves no chance to relax. Her orgasm went on and on and left her helpless to participate, quivering and delirious. Watching his muscles move under the pale skin of his chest and arms and legs, it was like watching him jerk off with her spent and satiated body.
God, I wanted that orgasm. I wanted that languid feeling of post-fuck bliss. I stifled a whimper in the hot, stagnant air as I rubbed my clit raw trying to push myself to the same place she was.
"I'm gonna cum..." he growled, and pulled his cock out of her.
The pale shaft glistened with her fuck-juice in the scorching sun. She recovered enough to roll over and slide down to the bench. Sitting in front of him, she grabbed his cock and together they stroked his shaft until he erupted with a gasp.
Jets of thick, white jiz sprayed across her ebony chest, and dribbled down her firm tits. The contrast of white cream on black skin was obscenely beautiful.
Bryan, you fucking asshole! That could have been us. Instead you left me on my own to try to cum... want to cum... desperatelyneedto cum... Oh GODwhy can't I cum!?
Then suddenly there was a bell.
A north-bound hiker with a bear bell clipped to his pack hadn't reached the shelter clearing yet, but would appear through the trees at any moment.
The couple at the picnic table looked up, startled, brought back to the real world too quickly from their orgasmic reverie. He yanked his shorts up while she pulled a sports bra over her cum-spattered tits. He held open her shorts while she madly pushed her legs into them, disregarding her underwear. They grabbed whatever was left and turned in my direction.
Oh God, Oh God, I fumbled and failed to close my shorts with sticky slick fingers as they saw me. The guy looked down at the damp crotch of my askew panties and grinned sheepishly without making eye contact. But she looked right at me. She smiled, unconcerned about the cum-stains showing through her blue sports bra. She winked as she passed.
And then they disappeared, running up the trail the way I had come.
In a stupor I stumbled to the picnic table. The aroma of their fuck-break dissipated slowly in the still air, and a slick outline of her open vag was drying into the wooden bench.
I badly needed to get off—to feel a release of all this tension that had been building over the last couple of days. But the bell kept ringing and a moment later a crew of four hikers emerged through the trees.
"Howdy!" the woman in the lead called. "Mind if we join you?"
"Uh, no... No, I was... I was just leaving." I managed to reply, while buckling my hip belt.
"You heading south?"
"Yep." I called back over my shoulder, desperate to not be caught up in a conversation. I knew I was being a bitch, but I had too many raw emotions to try to fake civility.
Antietam shelter was only another mile or so ahead. I was hungry but I needed the walk to clear my head. My ex-fiancé had called me 'disgusting' for wanting to try exactly what I had just witnessed. It left my head spinning. My stream of consciousness was more like a raging torrent, and I didn't even try to contain it. I just let it flow over me and before I knew it, I was at Antietam.
I unlimbered my pack, tossed it on the picnic table, and pulled out my meal bags to find some lunch. That's when I discovered my big problem.
When we restock, Bryan and I split the food evenly, so I should have had enough food to last just myself until the next mail-drop. But as I looked over my supplies, I realized that Bryan must have been cooking from my pack first. Probably some misguided attempt at chivalry to make my pack lighter sooner. Under other conditions, I could have probably forgiven him, but now I'm left with only four full meals and three days until I resupply. Bryan, you fucking asshole, I'm going to be hungry until Harper's Ferry.
While I ate about half the lunch I had been looking forward to, I took inventory. Of our shared equipment, I had the camp stove, but he had the fuel canisters. Once the current can runs out, I'd be cooking on a fire or eating cold. He also had the first aid kit, the clean-up kit, and the solar charger. I'd better send my folks a text before my battery is gone.
I had the water filter, the repair kit, and even though we usually split it between us, the whole tent. It wasn't great, but it could be worse. I'd be hungry and dirty with no phone until Harper's Ferry but at least I could keep going.
With inventory taken, I set off again but I was still a wreck emotionally. My rage-driven pace of the morning slowed to a sort of shell-shocked meander. I moved forward without really walking, just sort of drifting along the trail, unconscious of everything and everyone I passed. The protein bars I'd had for lunch left me hungry for more and the gnawing in my stomach had to compete with the ache in my heart and the unsatisfied yearning in my shorts. Somehow I managed to keep it together and pushed on until I reached the Deer Lick shelter a little before sunset.
It was empty. In the gloaming twilight I suddenly felt very alone and very vulnerable. Bryan, you fucking asshole, you left me all alone out here.
Alone in the woods in the dark, I was both terrified and numb.
I unrolled my sleeping bag in one of the two shelters; I treated a blister with a bit of duct tape because Bryan took the first aid kit; I ate a cold dinner because Bryan took all the stove fuel; I rinsed off with cold water because Bryan took the soap; and I went to bed alone. All alone. As I lay awake, every snap and rustle in the woods was a new terror in my raw imagination.
I tried to sleep, but my mind was a dervish of conflicting thoughts and emotions.
I tried to masturbate, but I couldn't focus on anything arousing.
I tried to cry, but I just felt dead inside. Bryan, you fucking asshole.
Somehow, morning dawned.
A small, besieged part of me that still wanted to carry on managed to get up and on the trail. Today would be a long a day—23 miles to Pine Knob. As I trudged along the trail, stomach growling and eyelids heavy, I started to think about quitting. Maybe I would just bail at Harper's Ferry—try again another year with someone else.
Somehow I managed to keep putting one foot in front of the other. I'd decided to use the last of my stove fuel for half of a hot dinner tonight. I had a pouch of freeze-dried Jamaican jerk chicken with rice—one of my favorites. I'd eat half tonight and save half for breakfast.
It was late afternoon when I rolled into Pine Knob. The day had been hot and muggy again, and gathering clouds overhead threatened rain. Four others hikers were there ahead of me, preparing their dinner at the picnic table. They had a campfire built.
Still in no mood to be social, I just waved hello, tossed my pack in the shelter, and found a flat piece of ground away from the others to cook my dinner. My stomach was growling after a meager breakfast and lunch, but I just needed to boil two cups of water for the chicken and rice I'd been looking forward to all day. The stove claimed it could boil two cups of water in about two minutes.
Ninety second later the stove sputtered and died, the last of the fuel canister spent.
That was it. That was the last straw. I collapsed on my ass and Icried. Bryan, you fucking asshole, how could you do this to me?
I probably sat there on the ground sobbing for as much time as it should have taken to boil two damn cups of water, when a hand touched my shoulder and a gentle voice said "S'cuse me, but... you look like you could use some trail magic," and he handed me a can of beer.
Beer! On the Appalachian Trail—where every ounce you carry makes a difference—some idiot had actually hauled a can of beer all the way up here! The absolute unexpected absurdity of it caught me so off guard that I actually laughed and cried at the same time.
I looked at the can in my hand. I looked at him. I looked back at the can in disbelief. I sobbed and I laughed and I asked "Why... Why the hell... do you have...beerout here?... And what the hell is... 'National Bohemian'?"
He sat down next to me and smiled—a strong smile with an easy confidence that suggested he wouldn't take it personally if I told him to fuck off.
"Natty Boh—the pride of Baltimore," he answered reaching over to crack the can open. I took a sip. It wasn't ice cold, but it was cool enough. It was crisp, but also corny, thin, and watery. Meh.
"Really? You're proud of this?" I wiped a tear away and took a swallow.
"Well," he shrugged, "whenever I pack Heavy Seas, it always turns into a fight about ales vs lagers vs pilsners. It's just easier to pack a case of Natty Boh so everyone agrees."
"You carried a wholecaseup here?" I asked incredulously, taking another swallow.
He wasn't handsome in any conventional way, but he had a rugged, unkempt kind of appeal. His eyes were blue and his wavy hair was dark and his features were swarthy and vaguely mediterranean. He had an average build, like a guy who got to the gym often enough to keep from going to pot, but didn't obsess about it.
"It's half gone now, but yeah. See, I made a stupid decision my very first backpacking trip. It got me saddled with a trail name that stuck, and now I kinda feel obliged to live up to it." He offered me his hand in greeting. "Hi. They call me 'Beer Haver'. That's my buddy 'Bungee' over there, and the two love-birds are 'Birdie Flirt' and 'Telephoto Tom'."
"Hi Beer Haver, I'm..." I had to choke back a sob "...I'm Springer Mountain Bride." And the waterworks started again.
Beer Haver and Bungee were about my age. Bungee was big and beefy. He was going bald, but the hair he had left was pulled back in a pony tail. They were both from Baltimore where Bungee was a financial analyst and Beer Haver was a project manager. The two of them made a yearly trek across Maryland from Harper's Ferry to Pen Mar. It was normally a chance to get away from their wives for a bit, but Beer Haver had gotten divorced this past year, and especially needed the get-away.
Birdie Flirt and Telephoto Tom were newly-retired middle school teachers from outside Memphis, married 43 years. Self-described hippies, they had started a bird watching expedition through the Shenandoah Valley in June and were just slowly going north until the weather turned too cold to continue. Birdie was a spindly woman with long snow-white hair who wasn't as delicate as she looked. Tom was solid but paunchy with more salt than pepper in his beard; he admitted to carrying more camera equipment than he should. They were very clearly in love.
The four had arrived here at Pine Knob and decided to combine dinners for a communal feast. Beer Haver invited me to join them for rehydrated chili mac and ramen primavera which was exactly as bad as it sounds, but actually enjoyable with company.
After dinner, I took off my boots and socks like the others and enjoyed the feeling of the cool, loamy earth on my tired feet. I managed to relax a bit. Another Natty Boh helped.
We sat around the campfire ring sharing stories. There were two frontier benches—just logs hewn flat and worn smooth with age set across two large stones. Bungee, Beer Haver, and I sat on one. Birdie and Tom sat on the other, holding hands.
Eventually my story had to come out, and with some prodding I told it.
When I was done, Bungee and Beer Haver promised to beat the living shit out of Bryan if he ever showed his face in Baltimore. Tom wouldn't commit to any violence, but he and Birdie promised a good, stern lecture if they ever ran into Bryan in Memphis.
It felt good to have people take my side, but rehashing the story had been emotionally draining. My face was tear-stained, my body was sore and tired, and I was dispirited by the last four days. I sort of slumped into myself on the bench. Beer Haver and Bungee rubbed my back reassuringly. It felt really,reallygood just to be touched.
But then the rain started to fall. As if someone had turned on a sprinkler, a warm and gentle summer shower caught us all off guard. The campfire hissed and popped. Bungee, Tom, and Birdie scrambled to get the gear off the picnic table and into the shelter. I couldn't muster the energy to move and Beer Haver stayed by my side.
After a minute or two the others were all settled in the three-sided cabin shelter, and water was starting to drip off my hair and run down my face. Beer Haver stood up and offered me his hand. "C'mon Springer, get up."
"Go on, I'm fine," I sniffed.
"Nope. Sitting in the rain is pathetic. You're not pathetic. Dance with me."
"What?"
"Sitting in the rain is pathetic, butdancingin the rain is... liberating... empowering" To demonstrate he did a ridiculous little jig that made me smile. "Dance with me, Springer."
I took his hand and he helped me up and then twirled me. Beer Haver knew how to dance. The only music was the percussive rhythm of the rain on the roof of the cabin, but we made do. We spun and we stomped and we waved our arms and we shook our asses around the smoldering fire. The mud squished between our toes and splattered our calves. I laughed out loud. From the dry shelter, Bungee, Telephoto Tom, and Birdie Flirt watched us like we had gone insane. Maybe I finally had.
The gentle, steady rain saturated out clothes. Beer Haver struggled out of his soaking T-shirt and tossed it into the shelter before resuming our dance. In an unexpected moment of catharsis, I followed suit. I peeled off my shirt and my bra and tossed them aside. That was how this whole mess started, after all.
The rain ran down my breasts and dripped from my taut nipples. Bungee whistled, Birdie Flirt clapped and cheered, and Beer Haver looked me up and down appreciatively before taking my hand and spinning me into another dance.
I danced toppless in the rain and exhilerated in the freedom of my unrestrained tits. Itwasliberating. Beer Haver took my hands and swung me around and twirled me and spun me away then drew me back into him... and there we were.
I could feel the damp hair on his chest pressed to my bare back. He had one arm crossed over my chest and I could feel its weight on my breasts. His other hand was on my stomach, fingers dipping slightly into the waistband of my shorts. I could feel the heat of his body on my wet skin. Against my ass I could feel his erection growing. I looked back at him through twists of sodden hair and he looked at me, raindrops rolling down his face.
My need for release had an urgency I could no longer restrain.
For a moment we held each other's gaze as the rain fell, and then I turned and I kissed him and he kissed me back. He held my face, and I ran my fingers through his hair as his tongue danced with mine. Rain water cascaded down my back and over my breasts pressed between our bodies.
My hands explored his back and shoulders while his wandered down my hips and grabbed my ass. He pushed one hand down the back of my shorts caressing bare flesh, and I reached between us to open his shorts. His other hand returned to my breast and stroked my swollen nipple with his thumb while I reached for his cock with trembling fingers.
In my hands his cock felt soft and firm and slick from the rain, and I stroked the length of his shaft until it reached its full potential. He filled my hands and his size was more than sufficient for my needs.
Beer Haver broke our kiss and ran his fingers through my wet and tangled hair. "They can all see us, you know."
"I know, but I need this... I need you," I pleaded looking up at him.
"We can go back in the woods-"
"No! Here. Now... Let them watch... Please..." I began to open my own shorts, but he took my hands in his and kissed me again.
A tremor of pleasure and anticipation ran down my spine as my nips brushed against his chest. He pushed me backwards, one step, two steps, and then lowered me sitting onto the end of the campfire bench.
He gently leaned me backwards until the soft rain pattered against my whole body and then he took my open shorts and panties at once by the waist and pulled them down over my hips. I raised my ass in the air and he pulled my soaking clothes down my legs and off my feet leaving me naked in the rain.
On his knees now between my open legs I gasped as I felt his tongue push between the folds of my eager pussy, the scruff of his beard on my inner thighs.
"Oooohhhh... Yes!... Yes, eat me, please... God, I need this..."
For a brief moment I was mortified to remembered how long it had been since I had last shaved, but his lips on my plump clit drove that concern from my head and left me awash in sensation.
"Mmmmmm... Ohhh... that feels sooo gooood..."
I tangled my fingers in his dripping hair and pressed his lips into to my loins. Lifting my hips off the bench, he held my ass in his hands, and worked his tongue deep into me and against my clit.
Rivulets of cool rain trickled down my stomach from my raised hips to flow beneath my breasts and down my sides. My toes curled in the mud. The tip of his tongue swirled around my clit and traced my every contour. The tactile stimulation was overwhelming.
"Yes... Yes, please... Oh God... Lick my clit... Yes, like that!... Oh God, just like that!..."
While his tongue stroked my clit, Beer Haver twisted a wet finger into me and curled it up to brush lightly against my G-spot. I lost all sense of time and place. There was too much happening to my body all at once. I was too weak to contain so many sensations, and I begged for release.
"AhhhhHaaahhhh... GOD, I'm gonna cum!... Make me cum... Please, make me cum... I need to cum so bad... Please GOD!"
He'd quickly found the key to unlock the orgasm that had evaded me for so long. My legs tensed and my shoulders arched forward as every spent muscle in my body suddenly contracted tightly into a coiled spring wrapped around the core of my being.
And then with a shuddering wail of ecstasy, everything released.
I collapsed back onto the bench with a sigh and let the rain wash over my naked skin. His hands drifted up the goose-flesh of my ribs as he kissed his way along my belly, dipped his tongue into my navel, brushed his lips along my sides. He rubbed one nipple with his palm while kneading my breast, and took the other in his mouth, teasing it with his tongue.
I held his head to my breast as I caught my breath and recovered. Over in the shelter, Bungee sat at the edge of the open wall. His eyes were devouring my body, and he didn't try to hide the tent in his shorts. In the back corner of the shelter Birdie and Tom were frantically arranging their sleeping bags, whispering and giggling like teenagers.
Beer Haver moved to kiss me. I could taste my own body on his hot lips as I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him back. He hovered over me, supporting his weight on the bench, and the rain drizzled from his body onto mine.
"I need more," I whispered reaching down into his open shorts and filling my hand with his cock. "Please... I need you inside of me."
He smiled, kissed my forehead, and stood. I sat up and pulled his rain-soaked shorts down over his trail-sculpted ass and legs. They fell to his ankles and I was eye level with his manhood. He had a distinctive upward curve, and a thick crest around his circumcised head. Like the man, the member was stout but not intimidating, and gave the impression of quiet, restrained prowess.
I took him in my hand, caressed his testes, and brushed my lips along the curve of his shaft. I pressed the wet heat of him into my cheek as the rain rolled down my back.
"I want this cock," I told him. "I need it so bad. I've just been... empty... for so long."
"I know," he replied huskily, caressing my wet face. "I want you, too. I want to fill you with every ounce of me. I want the rain to wash away all of the pain so I can fill you with joy."
I clambered to my knees and began to turn my ass towards him when he stopped me. He stepped across the bench and sat straddling it, then pulled me down to him. He arranged my legs over his with me sitting lotus-style is his lap.
I kissed him again. He dug his fingers into my ass. I held his cock in my hand and teased my splayed labia with his cockhead. He looked at me, brushed a wet lock of hair from my face, took a breath and hesitantly asked "Do you pack condoms?"
"No," I whimpered, suddenly afraid it could all end here. "...Do you?"
I did some quick math in my head and knew he was right to ask. But oh God, I need this so bad! Bryan, you fucking asshole! You took all of our condoms with you.
He shook his head. "I never thought I'd need them."
No, no, no... This can't be a deal-breaker. Not this close. I looked down between our bodies to see his cockhead nestled against my open lips, needing only the slightest nudge. So close. So close to physically filling my emotional void. Unwilling to let him pull away, I tightened my grip on his shaft.
I looked back up with tears of frustration welling in my eyes but washed away by the rain. Even in the failing light, my desperation must have been obvious. Beer Haver's eyes softened. He tilted his head and with a hint of trepidation he asked "Risk it?"
"Oh God,yes!"
I desperately pulled his cock forward and he rolled his hips back to thrust upwards and with a stroke he was in me. The pressure of his cock deep inside my body suddenly drove out the tension and the angst and the pain of the last four days.
"Ohhhhhh... Yessss!" I moaned. "Ohhh, Ineedthis... I need this sooo much..."
And he took me in his arms and he kissed me hard. My breasts flattened against his chest and slid up and down between us when he began to move his hips and lift my body. His cock sank deep into me, touching me everywhere—touching everything inside of me that had been so long neglected.
The rain began to fall harder, sluicing down our bodies, cooling the heat between us. Beer Haver held me tight to his chest and steadily rocked me up and down on his cock. With his lips next to my ear he whispered, "You get off on people watching you, don't you?"
"I don't... I never tried... Yesss..." But I hadn't realized it until he had asked.
Beer Haver turned my head towards the shelter while he continued to slowly fuck me senseless.
"Can you see Bungee jacking off over there? Does it turn you on to know that he's watching?"
"Yesss," I hissed in response.
"He can't take his eyes off your ass. You're going to make him cum. He's going to cum tonight, because of you."
"Oh God..." I moaned.
"Can you see Birdie Flirt and Tom back in the shadows? What do you think they're doing in that sleeping bag?"
"Ungh... I hope he's... fucking her... as good as you're... fucking me."
"How's it feel, Springer?... Fucking for an audience?"
How did it feel? For two days, I had tried so hard to stop myself from feeling anything. Beer Haver's question broke through a fragile wall I had built too quickly. When it collapsed I suddenly felt everything.
I was naked, fucking a stranger—a man whose real name I didn't even know—in front of other strangers. They had all seen me writhing naked in orgasmic delirium. I wanted them to see it again.
This was the sluttiest, most erotic, obscene, and daring thing I had ever done. I felt shame and pride and humiliation and exhilaration all at once. A wave of contradicting emotions caught me off guard, and I gasped as my body spasmed in a unexpected orgasm.
"Oh!... Oh God... Oh God, it feels... It feels... Oh, so fucking good... Sooo good..."
It was a minor orgasm—an appetizer that left me ravenous for more.
"Beer Haver?" I whispered, digging my nails into his back.
"Uh-huh?"
"Shut up andfuckme!"
I kissed him hard and he grabbed my ass in his strong hands and bounced me up and down on his cock like a play thing. I planted my feet on the rain-slick wood behind him and worked my sore legs back and forth while I held on around his neck.
"OH!... Yes!... Uhn!... Uhn!... Just... like... that!... AH!... Fuck... me... Please... just... fuck... me!... Oh... Oh... Ungh!... Ungh!... Ah..."
Beer Haver fucked me hard and deep until the words wouldn't come and I could only grunt incoherently. With every thrust my tits lurched up my chest and bounced back down. It was all I could do to hang on to him as the rain fell on our slippery bodies. I could have gone on riding his cock like this for hours. But it was a reckless, zealous fucking that couldn't last.
As I leaned back, groaning in delight, feeling the rain on my face and chest, first one hand slipped from his neck and then the other in quick succession. I cried out in surprise as I fell backwards!
But Beer Haver caught me in strong, gentle arms before my head could slam against the bench.
He pulled me back up towards him, and gasping for breath, wrapped his arms around me and held me tight to his chest with his cock buried deep. I held him, panting to catch my own breath as the rain beat down on us.
"I just gotta say," he huffed, "your Bryan is an idiot."
He ran his fingers through my wet and tangled hair and looked me in the eye. "If I had... a woman like you in my life... I would fuck you on my gran'ma's dining room table... in the middle of Thanksgiving dinner."
The very idea made my stomach flutter. I rolled my hips around, feeling him seated deep inside me.
"Oooo... I like that idea," I cooed. "Mashed potatoes squishing under my ass... Cranberry sauce smeared across my tits... Gran'ma fingering herself under the table." He winced at that last one. "Too far?"
"A little too far."
"Sorry. I changed my mind... Can you talk and fuck at the same time?"
"For you I can." He leaned me backwards gently, arching my back until my head rested on the rain slick wood and my tits fell towards my shoulders. As he started to plunge his cock back into my depths, his cockhead rubbed against my G-spot just right.
"You are so fucking beautiful," he said, grabbing my wet tits and mauling them in his hands as he began to fuck me slow and steady and deep. "I don't know how any man could resist a chance to be inside you."
As the rain fell on my supine body, I reached down and pressed my hand to my abdomen. I could feel him moving inside my belly, in and out and in again. "You fit me just right. Your cock touches every part of me. I love the way you feel in my pussy."
"I want to watch you cum on my cock. I didn't get to see it last time. This time I want to look in your eyes when you cum." He started rubbing my clit in slow circles with his thumb. The rain flowed down his face and chest and stomach and I could feel it splash on my pussy when it ebbed against the root of his cock.
"I want that too... I want to cum for you... and for them... make me cum for you!" I put my hand over his thumb and showed him just how to rub me.
It was already starting. I could tell this orgasm was going to be a long, slow burn.
"Yes... Just like that... fuck me like that!"
He had one hand in the small of my back and he was pumping his hips steadily while he thumbed my clit. I worked my hips back and forth, meeting his rhythm. My breasts heaved up and down my chest with every beat. My mind was going fuzzy again. The sensation was taking over.
"Oh God, yes... Ah!... Don't stop... Uhn... I love the way you fuck me... I need you to fuck me..."
He was thrusting faster now, with a determination that radiated from his throbbing cock. Rivulets of rain coursed over my body and sprayed off of my bucking tits. I was so near the edge now, starting to lose myself.
"That's it!... Don't stop... I'm gonna... cum again!... I'm gonna... cum for you!... Watch me cum for you!"
"I'm watching... We're all watching..."
With a glance at the cabin and the six eyes glued to my debauchery, I pushed myself over the edge. The last four days melted away. I was filled with a crazy, passionate energy that consumed me. Bryan was gone. Sorrow and longing and hunger were gone. There was only me, and this throbbing cock, and the incredible man who filled the emptiness with rapture.
"Oh God, I'm cumming... I'm cummimg... don't let me stop... keep me cumming... Ah!... Ah!... Oh!"
He kept vigorously working his thumb on my clit, steadily fucking me, fucking me, fucking me. I begged him to keep going, to prolong this ecstasy of release. And when my mind was too far gone to form the words to beg, I cried out wordlessly into the night, howling my delirious surrender.
An ebb in the torrent of release and I pleaded "Don't stop!... I'm still cumming!... Don't stop fucking me!" before another wave of pleasure crested and broke.
My body trembled and shook. I clawed at the wood and his thighs and my own tits. My eyes wouldn't focus and I couldn't tell if the sound in my ears was the patter of the rain, the frantic beating of my heart, or the relentless pounding of his cock.
"Please God, don't stop!... Don't stop fucking me!... God, I'mstillcumming!"
Another wave and another wail of euphoric release. Was it one long orgasm, or many strung tight together? I couldn't make myself care. The world was fading away again, leaving me adrift in fervid, orgasmic sensation, when I heard Beer Haver's voice cut through the fog.
"Springer... You are so fuckingmagnificentwhen you cum!... But I can't hold back much more..."
"No!" I lunged forward with all my being, wrapping my arms around his neck and locking my legs around his waist. I bounced up and down on his cock, riding through my still-shuddering orgasm.
"Cum with me!... Cum inside me!... Just don't stop fucking me!"
I could sense the explosions deep in my core as he grunted with each ejaculation. As I watched his face contort with the sensation of releasing his seed, I crested again, screaming in a glorious paroxysm of joy.
He resisted the instinct to plunge deep to my cervix and hold me there, letting me prolong the stimulation as I bucked on his cum-slick cock. And when his own delirium had passed he wrapped his arms around me and fucked me again with everything he had left.
I could have ridden that orgasm all night, but eventually it waned, and left us both spent and panting, leaning into each other for support as the falling rain washed over us. I kissed him again and he kissed me and I felt whole and fulfilled and refreshed.
We untangled ourselves and, dripping with rain and semen, we walked hand-in-hand to the shelter where someone had arranged our sleeping bags into one. Bungee lay facing the wall, pretending to sleep. There were rustlings and soft gasps coming from under the sleeping bags that Birdie Flirt and Telephoto Tom shared.
We didn't bother to dig out towels to dry off. The night was warm. We just crawled into our bags and Beer Haver and I fell asleep in each other's arms.
The next morning was clear and bright and I was rejuvenated and eager to get under way. It was September first. New day, new month, fresh new start. Beer Haver awoke as I tried to separate my sleeping bag from his, the last piece of my gear to pack.
"You're up early," he remarked quietly, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
"Yeah well, I've got to start history's longest walk-of-shame, so..." I stuffed my bag into its sack.
"I was thinking maybe I could go with you. I could make some calls; take a few months of leave. Bungee can finish his trip with Birdie and Tom."
"You're sweet Beer Haver, but... you barely know me. If you came with me, and things didn't work out... If you left me too, I don't think I could recover from that."
"I wouldn't."
"You can't know that."
"So this is 'goodbye'?"
"'Fraid so." I kissed him. It was agoodkiss. It wasn't easy to say goodbye.
"Goodbye, Springer Mountain Bride."
"Goodbye, Beer Haver."
I slung my pack up onto my shoulders with my wet clothes hung from the sides to dry in the breeze. I waved one last goodbye, and I hit the trail eager to find out what new adventures awaited up ahead. I was fresh and energized like that first June day back in Maine. Bryan, you fucking asshole, I'm not beaten yet.
I'd only gotten a couple hundred yards or so from Pine Knob when I heard him calling behind me. I turned to see Beer Haver running up the trail in nothing but boxer shorts and hiking boots.
"Look," he panted, "I can't go with you, I get that. But here's my number. If you're ever near Baltimore, will you give me a call?" He handed me a scrap of folded paper that looked like it had been torn from Telephoto Tom's bird watching journal.
I took the paper and smiled. "Maybe."
"And... if that never happens, don't make me spend the rest of my life wondering what happened to you. When you get to Springer Mountain, just... just let me know that you got there safe. Ok?"
"I will." And I meant it.
Epilogue:I climbed to the top of Springer Mountain alone on December third. The wind whipped cold, and bad weather was blowing in. I needed to start back down to catch my bus for Atlanta and my flight home. But I wanted to call Beer Haver first. I dug the tattered and trail-stained scrap of paper from the bottom of my pack and unfolded it for the first time. I was excited to tell him I made it all the way on my own. I was nervous to tell him I was three months pregnant.