This story is fiction; any correlation to actual people, the living or the dead, is luck. The place is a fictitious generic portrayal of a small town, "Mooreville," in the midwestern area that touches the appellations on the state's east side. The tale continues in the third part of this work, 'Mooreville Welcome.' This struggle for power and submission in a small town, written for enjoyment and, factually, may not hold up to objective scrutiny, so please be kind. I hope you will read the first two parts before this one, but it is hardly necessary. In hopes of avoiding confusion, the main characters are Niles, forceful Doctor Stella Taft, her twins Abigail and Tabitha, Vivian and her Mother Nancy, and dominant Matilda. The new characters are Valerie and Tammy, grocery store employees, and Endora, another of Stella's sexually twisted friends.
Niles looked inside the vehicle to find a shopping bag or anything else he could cover his exposure, but there was nothing; Nancy kept her car immaculate. Several people were out in the public parking lot, but they were still a fair distance away, but coming closer, Niles tried to hide on the floor between the seats, his pale nude skin contrasting with the black leather interior.
A knock on the SUV glass disturbed Niles two minutes after the women entered the market. It was a stranger woman. Niles rolled down the window while trying to cover his naked penis with the other hand to hear what the attractive blonde woman had to say. The woman's hazel eyes had an opaque gold tint, and Niles felt like she could look through him. Something about her cold stare was unsettling, unrelated to his forced exhibition; something else gave Niles chills.
"Hello, Niles; Stella asked me to meet you here. My name is Endora. She instructed me to have you masturbate for me," Endora said.
"Here, someone else might see me," Niles complained.
"Stella nor I care, I will start the face time, and you can start stroking," Endora, the nearly-forty county stenographer, said. Endora Steven was the current 'Altar' of the 'Fold,' the same county coven Stella and the twins belonged. Endora was beautiful but not close to Stella and the twin's magnificence. Endora, the most learned herbalist in the county, leads a charmed life; her husband gave her twins, two girls, one blonde and one brunette, then conveniently died, leaving her immensely wealthy when she grew tired of him. The death resulted from a months-long illness Stella had been unable to diagnose. Endora, now the prime age for a witch, was several years from menopause. The time a witch has the most sexual energy. In the natural, young women have more power over men, but in the supernatural, mature women and their increased drive rule the craft.
Stella's smirking face appeared on Endora's phone, "Hello, Niles," Stella said digitally.
"Hello, Stella," Niles said defeatedly.
"You didn't think I would let you hide on the floor of Nancy's SUV?" the 'good' Doctor asked, wicked to her core.
"You are going to get me arrested," Niles said.
"That is alright; Endora works for the court," the forceful Taft matriarch said, laughing.
"Not to mention Sheriff Bartell has been crushing on Stella forever," Endora chided
"Start wanking Englander," Stella said.
Niles stroked his shaft slowly for the two women as Endora said, "You were right. Niles has the most magnificent cock I ever saw." He continued to play with himself until he was ready to squirt. Then Tammy, the cute college-age bagger dressed in a white blouse and khakis, looked through the passenger front window. She had to stand on her toes, her pert breasts pressed against the auto-glass, to see over the SUV seat. Bubbly Tammy was now distracted from her task of retrieving the shopping carts.
"What is going on? Wow, he has a big one," Tammy said.
Niles was already near a climax and tried not to concern himself with the cute new audience member. The petite red-haired girl continued to watch expectantly.
"You can stop now," Stella said, unwilling to allow him to ejaculate.
Endora felt slightly disappointed because she saw Niles was unsuitable for her plan to increase her power. Niles' aura possessed no light spirit except his own, and his seed would not open any other realms for the 'Fold.' Endora stepped back to give Tammy a view through the rear door window.
When she realized Niles was no longer stroking. "No, I want to see him cum," Tammy said.
Tammy moved for a better look when Valerie, the much taller thirty-two-year-old deli manager, still wearing her multi-pocketed red apron, looked in the window Tammy had just left. Tammy began to record Niles with her android. On her break, Valerie said, "You giving us a show, Honey." Endora was already recording Facetime.
"The girls want to see him cum, Stella," Endora said.
"Do you want to see him cum also, Endora?" Stella asked.
"Yes," Endora replied.
"I don't think Nancy wants cum all over her SUV," Stella said.
"Would one of you ladies like to catch it in your mouth?" Endora asked.
"I would," Valerie said, not seeming to care that Tammy was recording everything.
"Okay, but you must take off your top and let him fuck your tits," Stella said, wanting Valerie to be somewhat exposed also. Stella loved exhibiting others' nudity in public, and Perhaps Stella could blackmail Valerie later if she chooses. This day was going much better than the Doctor had imagined. Stella put her hand down the front of her slacks and rubbed her wet vagina. Stella wore no panties underneath, as was her custom. Stella's fingers parted her nether lips as a cruel grin formed on her mouth. The decadence of the situation on-screen aroused Stella.
Valerie entered the backseat and quickly removed her apron, white button-up blouse, and lace-edged bra. She sucked Niles' cock to make it slippery, and Niles sighed expectantly. Valerie took his spit-lubricated cock between her generous yet firm breasts. Tammy got into the front seat to frame the action with her device's camera. The man shortage in the region was such that Valerie, single and horny, did not care if Tammy recorded.
Having lived moderately in California, Niles had never done this before. No one had ever had his penis in their mouth before he moved to Mooreville. Soon he was ready to shoot, and Valerie took his penis head into her mouth just as he unloaded his testicles. Valerie swallowed it all, savoring the flavor.
Stella had forgotten to lock the office door, and Nurse Nari startled her, wearing purple scrubs, and stood in the room watching her. Nari, a sexy Korean immigrant, was very kind. The twins, not yet fully certified as RN, were at home. Tiny Nari did not work for individual practices; she only worked for the collective hospital. Nari was a recent hire. Their interactions had been purely professional up to this point. Nari had never been in Stella's office suite before, and the intrusion put off Stella. Stella looked at Nari with a harsh stare.
"Can I help?" Nari asked in her thick accent, her eyes filled with lust.
"Yes, one minute," Stella said.
Nari walked around the Doctor's desk and looked at the Mac book Pro screen.
"Oh, I understand what is happening," Nari said excitedly. Stella held one finger over her lips to indicate she wanted Nari to be quiet.
Valerie, her throat coated with delicious sperm, tried to get dressed again.
"Wait. Use your bra to tie Niles' arms behind his back, Valerie," Stella asked.
Niles began worrying about arrest again.
"Sit him up and buckle him in," Stella ordered.
Valerie complied as it appealed to her perverse nature to leave Niles restrained and exposed. She used the strong strap of the female garment to secure him well. Niles would never break that bond on his own. Valerie fastened him with the shoulder/lap belt of the rear seat. Satisfied, Valerie redressed quickly and left the vehicle. Niles, now utterly helpless and exposed and soft again, began to get excited, and his cock began to stir.
"We need to get back to work," Tammy said as she left the vehicle.
"Goodbye, Niles; I will check in with you later," Doctor Taft said.
Endora stopped Facetime.
Once inside the Milestone market, the two workers acted as if nothing had gone on outside.
Stella turned to Nari and asked, "What do you think is happening?"
"You are dominating that man?" Nari said.
"Right, what do you think of that?" Stella asked.
"I wish it were me," Nari said, breathing heavily, revealing her excitement.
"Dominating Niles or being dominated?" Stella asked.
"I want you to dominate me," Nari said.
"Lock the door," Stella ordered.
Nari locked the latch and turned to look at Stella. Stella's office was a suite with an adjacent room with a bath and a small bedroom. The architect designed the doctor dormitory suites to simplify long hours on duty.
"Take off all your clothes, Nari," Stella ordered.
Nari removed her scrubs to reveal she was naked underneath. Nari was fit, and her two breasts, not large yet looked so on her petite frame, stood proud off her chest. Adorning her nipples were two screw-tightened clamps. Her vagina, pierced with a gold ring through the clitoris, looked almost hairless and dripped moisture down her leg.
"Who put those clamps on you?" Stella asked.
"I did, but I imagined you were putting them on me," Nari said.
Stella now understood why she had often caught Nari staring at her.
"Is the clit ring a sign of ownership or something?" Stella asked.
"Yes, my mistress requires it of all her slaves. It used to be a ring with her initials," Nari replied.
"Tell me more about yourself," Stella said.
"In nursing school, I belonged to Professor Sylvia Turner, but she released me to move here," Nari said.
"Would you like to be my property?" Stella asked.
"Yes," Nari said.
"I am a busy woman; I will keep you only if you are good at oral. Undress me," Stella said.
Stella let her computer sleep and stood up beside her chair.
Nari removed each of Stella's garments, kissing the skin revealed worshipfully. The Professor had trained Nari well. Stella stopped Nari to pull her into an embrace, kissing her vigorously. Nari allowed the Doctor's tongue into her mouth obediently. A great day it only continued to get better for Stella. Stella pushed Nari to the floor, and Nari pulled down the Doctor's slacks. Nari licked the 'good' Doctors sex. Her tongue's expertise marveled Stella, and she had never had a woman so talented down there before, and she fell back onto her chair. Nari picked up where she left off, and Stella bucked and squirmed. Nari continued redefining cunnilingus for Stella, and the sensory-overloaded Doctor quickly succumbed to the sensations, squirting all over Nari's face. Stella, her nervous system still buzzing, needed a few minutes.
"Okay, I will have you," Stella said, smiling.
"Thank you, Mistress," Nari said, very pleased with herself.
"Do you still have the clitoris ring with 'ST' on it?" Stella asked.
"Yes," Nari said.
"Those are my initials, also," Stella said.
"I know. I will wear it for you if you wish," Nari said.
"Yes, I wish you to start tomorrow unless you have it with you," Stella said.
"I kept it in my pocket for weeks, hoping you would claim me," Nari said.
Nari handed the ring to Stella, and Stella replaced the plain ring with the lettered ring between Nari's legs. Stella stood up and kissed Nari's lips lovingly yet forcefully. Stella felt a deep bond with Nari, as if she had always known her.
At the store, Tammy, standing in the deli dept office, the door closed, showed Valerie the Video she had starred in.
"I will show everyone if you do not do as I say," Tammy said.
"What do you want?" Valerie asked.
Tammy was one of the few women in town with a steady boyfriend, so Valerie was slightly puzzled.
"I want you to be my sex slave," Tammy said.
"Did you and Jonathon break up?" Valerie asked.
Jonathon was sexy, though very nerdy local twenty-year-old Junior College student. He was thin but slightly muscular, and Valerie always conversed with him while in the deli line. Jonathon would sneakily try to stare at her chest as he gave his order. Valerie did not mind him looking; it made her feel weak whenever it happened. Once near the deli closing time, she saw him coming and quickly went to her office, removed her apron, and unbuttoned the top three buttons of her blouse. Jonathon had an excellent view, and Valerie made excuses to bend over to let him see down her shirt. Valerie was glad she was wearing her sexiest bra that day, and when she was home after, she had given her vibe quite a workout imagining it was Jonathon.
"No, Jonathon and I want you as our sex slave. I am bi-sexual, and Jonathon wants two girls at once. It is even better that he finds you an MILF," Tammy said, smiling.
Tammy had shown the video to Jonathon already, and he was excited to do what Niles had been allowed to do. Especially the cum swallowing part, Tammy did not like the taste of his seed.
"Oh, I see," Valerie said, not wanting to respond as excitedly as she felt. The truth was the video was irrelevant to her. If she could not find a man to satisfy her soon, she planned to leave Mooreville.
"We will be at your house at six tonight; answer the door naked," Tammy said.
***********
At the hospital, Stella pulled Nari up for another passionate kiss.
"We better hurry and shower; I need to check the patients," the Doctor said.
Stella removed the nipple clamps. "I will play with these later. Do not use them without me ever," Stella said.
"Yes, Doctor," Nari said.
Stella rubbed Nari's pussy, and Nari spread her legs to give her new owner unobstructed access. Stella pressed one finger into her vaginal opening after licking her to make her moist. Soon Stella added another finger, and another, until her whole fist was inside Nari's tight opening. Stella loved fisting; it was her favorite fetish. Nari moaned.
"You like that, my pet?"
"Yes, Doctor," Nari replied.
Stella used her other hand to stimulate Nari's clit, and she quickly squirted onto the tile office floor as she shuddered uncontrollably.
They showered together. When they finished their shower Nari said, "Professor Sylvia sent me an email when I left to forward to my new Mistress," Nari said. Nari asked the Doctor to enter her email address into the send line on her phone. Stella did, and Nari forwarded the correspondence to her. Stella opened it on her Macbook. The message read-
If you are reading this, you must own my pet, Nari. She excelled as my slave. She especially likes rough and humiliating sex. She is well-trained. One of our favorite past times was hiking. Nari enjoys walking on remote trials in short skirts with nothing under them. I liked stopping periodically to spank her ass or pussy. After I punished her, I would require her to hold up her skirt until I walked ahead to the next landmark. I would then motion for her to catch up. She then could allow her hem to drop and proceed to me. If the trail became remote enough, I would take all her clothes. She loves this, although she protests it vehemently. I sometimes would lead her naked on her leash for miles. Nari is a squirter and expresses a lot of fluid when she climaxes, which she finds embarrassing.
She also enjoyed being used as a party favor for my female friends when I entertained them. I hope you will enjoy her as much as I did.
"I think you should just wear the scrub top; it will act as a short skirt," Stella said.
"We are not in the woods, Doctor. Someone might report me," Nari said.
"Yes, but spanking you during the day in various places will be fun," Stella said.
The Doctor took Nari along on her rounds when they were both dressed. In full-on Doctor mode, Stella dressed impeccably under her smock. The scrub top only covered the round globes of Nari's bottom, stopping at her upper thigh. The small hospital only had five patients admitted, and the strictly adhered-to visiting hours had just begun. Stella and Nari knew the hospital schedule, and Nari was worried.
The two left the first-floor Office area, entered the elevator, and Stella pushed the 2nd-floor button. Stella pulled up the back of Nari's purple uniform top and landed several smacks on her now exposed bottom, only stopping when the bell sounded, indicating the door wood open on the ward floor. Nari's face showed noticeable signs of arousal. After the door opened, they walked down the brightly lit corridor.
The first patient's room was safe enough; Mary Ferndale had been in a coma for four months, and her family visited every Sunday after Church and lunch. They were not due for hours. Stella went to the life support machine and verified it was working correctly. Nari took the patient's blood pressure. No one else was in the room, and the curtain around the bed was closed, but the hall door was ajar; Nari faced the hall as they were leaving. Stella said, "Pull up the shirt and show me your pussy."
Nari pulled up the purple scrub top. Anyone walking down the hall could see her sexy exposed vagina. Nari's face looked worried yet excited as she obeyed.
"Count to thirty and then let it down and follow me," the Doctor said as she exited the wardroom.
Nari counted to thirty and finished just saying twenty as she heard voices coming down the hall. The group sounded like the McCall family. They headed for ICU and right in front of the open door. Nari counted the final ten as Stella waited to speak with them beyond the open door on their route. She could have easily intercepted them before the door, Nari thought. Nari finished just in time and let her top fall over her naked bottom again.
The McCall's son Trevor had a motorcycle accident the night before; Stella operated on his head injury. He would be fine if he did not experience cranial swelling. The ICU nurse had kept a close watch on him. He had been sedated and was breathing normally. Stella had last checked on him right before the parking lot Facetime.
"Good morning, Doctor. How is Trevor doing?" Wilma McCall asked.
Wilma, her husband Mitch, and their just past teen daughter Maureen stood in the hall nervously. At eighteen, Trevor, the family's baby, had just purchased the motorcycle against his mother's protest.
"He is doing as well as can be expected. He should fully recover as long as there is no additional swelling," Doctor Taft said.
"Can we see him?"
"Only one at a time, and for a few minutes. Agnes will help you in ICU. I have other Patients to check," Stella said.
"Thank you, Doctor," Wilma said.
"Come along, Nari; we need to check in on Margaret," Stella said.
Nari moved slowly out of the wardroom, not wanting the shirt tail to catch the air and expose her nudity. Stella could hear Maureen say, "Yummi," under her breath as Nari entered the hallway before the McCalls hurried towards their son.
Stella led Nari into Mrs. Chenault's room, and Clair sat beside her Mother, Margaret. After a long bout with what Stella supposed was influenza, Margaret looked old and pale, almost without color. Margaret was not nearly as old as she now appeared. Clair, her faithful daughter, waited for the inevitable. Twenty-something Clair sat on a double-seated, thinly padded vinyl chair. Still on oxygen, Margaret slept peacefully. The partially opened curtains allowed sunlight into the sterilely furnished patient room. Margaret and Clair were more of Stella's many friends. Clair's face brightened when she noticed Stella and Nari.
"How are you holding up?" Stella asked as Nari took Margaret's pulse.
"As well as can be expected," Clair answered.
"It won't be long now, I am sorry to say," Stella said soothingly.
Nari wrote the vitals onto Margaret's chart.
"Is she naked under that top," Clair asked, a wicked curl formed on the edges of her lips.
"Yes," Stella said, returning the evil smile.
"Can I see her body?" Clair asked.
"Of course. Nari, go close the door and hand me your top and then stand in front of Clair," Stella ordered.
Nari did as ordered and nervously stood before Clair.
"May I touch?" Clair asked.
"Of course," Stella replied.
Clair grasped both Nari's nipples between her thumb and forefingers and pulled gently. Nari gasped expectantly as her face showed blissful enjoyment.
"She is exquisite; will she be joining the Fold?" Clair asked.
"I am not sure. I just acquired Nari today. I know she enjoys frolicking nude in the woods," Stella said.
"The clit ring is a nice touch," Clair commented.
"I know; her last mistress had my initials. It is destiny," Stella said.
"I see you have spanked her. Does she like having her breasts slapped?" Clair asked.
"I am not sure. Why don't you find out," Stella suggested.
Clair slapped her right breast roughly.
"Do you like that?" Clair asked.
"Yes, Mam," Nari replied.
Clair smacked her other tit. The noise caused Margaret to stir, but she did not awaken. Stella sat on the seat next to Clair, and she turned and pulled Nari onto their collective laps. The witch women each grasped a leg and opened them. Nari sat one cheek of her ass on each of the witch's legs.
"We should spank her pussy. Will you do the honors?" Stella asked her friend.
"Of course," Clair said.
Clair whacked her labia, and the side of her palm connected with clit ring. Nari cried out in pain, and the sound woke up Margaret. Margaret silently looked on as the two witches tormented Nari's pussy. Stella swatted Nari's pierced clit also, but the well-trained Nari did not verbalize the pain this time. The rune stone shook violently. Now interrupted and alerted to the supernatural, the two supernaturally dim witches looked at Margaret. Finally, the eldest coven member, Margaret, spoke weakly, "Clair, I am under a clandestine curse," through the transparent mask.
Clair rushed to her mother's bedside, causing Nari to fall to the floor.
"What did you say?" Clair asked, holding the coven rune, a smooth-shaped obsidian necklace that hung around Clair's neck. The rune signified a position in the coven akin to a Sargent of arms. It vibrated as it verified the curse.
"I had a dream, Clair. 'Oni' showed me the curse and how to defeat it," Margaret said after pulling away the oxygen mask.
Oni, a seventeenth-century witch, was the coven spirit guide, and the witches often looked to her for guidance. Oni's life had passed suddenly; she had remained among the coven to prevent others' premature demise. The native stone, purportedly passed down from prehistory, also communicated with witches who were not seers of Oni. The all-girl sexual rituals performed on the flat granite slab in the forest sustained Oni's presence in this realm. Sex acts are mighty spiritually and cause supernatural resonance.
"What must we do?" Clair asked.
"I must drink female ejaculate from a visitor from another land," Margaret said.
"Would Nari qualify as from another land?" Clair asked, and the rune stone shook, signifying affirmative. Clair had not received the gift of visions her mother had. Stella, far too confused by science, was also never so gifted.
"She is weak, Nari, so you will hover above her face," Stella ordered.
Nari climbed onto the hospital bed, squatting over and straddling Margaret's face, careful not to hurt her in her weakened state. The bed was directly in front of the second-floor window, which thrilled exhibitionist Nari. Stella and Clair each steadied Nari holding an arm. Margaret extended her tongue weakly to help.
"Rub your clitoris, Nari," Stella ordered.
Nari balancing unstably just above Margaret's face, began to masturbate as expected in full view of the window. With her left hand, Stella holding Nari's bicep, slapped Nari's breast with her right palm. With the other bicep in her right hand, Clair hit Nari's other nipple with her left. The excitement built in Nari, and she inched towards release. Margaret's tongue tip just touched Nari's opening, licking it gently.
Stella remembered her initiation into the Fold and how Margaret had licked her pussy on the ancient stone of the forest, consummating her membership. Margaret had been 'Altar' of the all-female coven at the time. Stella also remembered how, while in her own time as 'Altar,' she had initiated Clair similarly. The Altar is an elected position in the Fold with a sixty-two-moon term, about five years. Margaret had been vital to Stella's success as Altar. A witch can only serve once and aged past her four-hundred and forty-sixth moon for eligibility, equivalent to thirty-six Gregorian years. Stella's time as Altar had ended four years ago, and by default, Endora took the lead of the Fold. No other witch was age eligible.
Stella whacked Nari's nipple roughly, and Clair did likewise to the other side. The pain sent Nari over the edge, and a stream of female ejaculation flowed into Margaret's waiting mouth. Margaret drank what did not splash out of her open lips. The two women helped now weak and wobbly Nari off Margaret's bed.
"Do you feel any different, Mother?" Clair asked.
"I feel something happening," Margaret said.
The color was returning to Margaret's face, and it seemed the curse broke.
"Who do you think cursed you, Margaret?" Stella asked.
"I do not know," Margaret replied.
"Was it someone inside the Fold?" Clair asked.
"Time will tell; it was a double transducer curse. If it leaves the victim, it will curse the sender," Margaret said.
Nari put her scrub top back on, and Stella and her left to see the last three patients. Nari was intrigued to find out more about the Fold.
***********
Meanwhile, precariously still exposed, Niles waited for the Ryle women to return to the vehicle. His penis twitched in rigid anticipation. His ears were sensitive to every noise in the parking area. Nervous sweat trickled down his back, while he feared one might soon be the siren of a police car that would haul him into custody. His arms, secured by Valerie's brazier, could not cover his exposed member as it dripped excitedly.
Endora left, not wanting to be late for her appointment with her lover, Ronald, the local Judge. The Judge's wife never missed church; this was their weekly time together. So far, Endora and Ronald's affair was secret. Ronald, a warlock from another coven, an all-male unit referred to as a 'Mob,' was married to a faithful church-attending wife, who mistakenly trusted him without question. He coveted leading his Mob, and she ran hers but did not want to relinquish power as her term ended. Both were not above scheming politics or any other sinister means to achieve their goals, the clandestine power couple enabling one another. Sadly for them, Niles was unsuitable for their plan, but there would be another.
The Ryle's returned to the car and quickly loaded the groceries. The three sped off as Niles told the two women what happened in the car park in their absence. "You have been a naughty boy; you deserve a spanking," Nancy said gleefully.
After anxiously waiting for Nancy's car, the vehicle finally turned into Niles' driveway, and the twins rushed after it carrying a length of rope and a box holding strange bells. The twins do not even pause a second before they take charge.
"Hello, girls and Niles," The supernaturally gifted yet cruel twins said in annoying unison.
"Hello, Tabitha and Agatha," Nancy said. The Ryle women were less than thrilled to see the twins. They had hoped that the blackmail portion of the day had ended already, but they were not so fortunate. The video content still ensured their total obedience. The town would certainly ostracise the two women if it became public.
"Wait a minute before you unload the car while we ready Niles for our game. While waiting, you may as well take off your dresses," Agatha said.
The twins helped the still-restrained Niles from the car. They lashed him to the front porch roof post to the left of the stairs. Once he was secured, they attached the triple-ringed cock ring bell around his cock and ball. It restrained his cock and balls at the same time. A cowbell hung under his testicles. They set up the game, balls smacking and car unloading. The Ryle women stood gloriously naked on the asphalt drive. The curved driveway hid them from the street, but anyone who came just thirty-five feet down the asphalt drive could see the porch.
"When you take a load of groceries to the kitchen, you must ring the bell on the way back to the SUV. You will make the bell sound by slapping Niles' balls. Make sure Agatha can hear it from the kitchen," Tabitha said.
Tabitha affixed similar nipple clamp cowbells to Nancy and Vivian's breasts.
"What nice cows you two make," Tabitha commented sinisterly.
Nancy and Vivian began unloading the food, and while descending the stairs on the way back, they each smacked Niles sack painfully, chiming the bell. Agatha went into the kitchen to put the stores away, and Tabitha stayed in the driveway to supervise how much they carried. She wanted to make sure the game lasted. When the two women returned to the car, Tabitha ordered, "Put your hands at your sides."
Tabitha slapped their four combined breasts one after the other, ringing the smaller bells. The Ryle women reeled in pain, to Tabitha's delight.
"I love this game," Tabitha said.
She wished to make the cows pay for spending the night with Niles. When dropping the food in the kitchen, Agatha stopped them to ring the four bells. She, too, enjoyed slapping the cow's tits. The second trip went the same Niles' balls received punishment, as did Nancy and Vivian's breasts. After three laps to the kitchen finished, Tabitha slapped the nipple clamp-bound breasts. Vivian and Nancy's breasts were red with pain.
"This never gets old," Tabitha said.
When the two Ryle females unloaded the all-wheel drive SUV, Agatha had safely organized the perishables. Agatha led Nancy and Vivian back onto the front porch. Agatha untethered Niles from the porch post but left his hands tied behind his back. Tabitha carried out another ancient carved box. They joined hands over the container and said, "Oni chooses who she will; may the rite shafts impale their fold and reveal what allegiance they truly hold,"
Abigail opened the box to reveal two enchanted, highly polished clear quartz dildos. The centuries-old crystal phalluses designed to stand independently were placed upright six feet apart on the porch deck. Agatha pulled a modern suction-cupped dildo out of the house, which she affixed to the porch floor between the other two fake dicks. Agatha poured enchanted oil over the three artificial male tools. The twins incanted something in Latin.
"Squat over the evaluation phalluses, and they will assess your pussies worthiness," the twins ordered.
They helped Niles to the modern dildo and forced him onto it. It parted his tight ass, causing him pain as they steadied him. His arms were still bra-bound behind his back, and he could not resist. Niles felt the familiar humiliation as He endured the witch's anal sublimation again. The crystal dildos could be trusted to determine if the Ryle women could join the Fold. While the three survived impaling themselves on the fake sausages, Mrs. Bancroft, the local egg farmer, drove up to the porch in her Jeep. She lived half a mile up the road on her family's farm. Like all local women, she was attractive; not one Niles had met rated under an eight in his assessment. Gloria was a solid nine. Gloria was an officer of the Fold and kept the regalia of the rituals.
"Hello, Abigail and Tabitha," Gloria Bancroft said, unflustered by the porn show in front of her.
The crystal dildos glowed, emitting blue light, signifying they were worthy of the Fold.
"Oni sent me," Gloria said.
*****************
Across town, Endora met Ronald at his office, and they discussed Stella's game.
"Was the new guy suitable for our plan?" Ronald asked.
"I doubt it; he is no churchgoer. Niles seems to be just another lost Californian to me,"
Endora said. Endora loved Ronald, but she meant far less to him. Ronald, truly ambitious, a true narcissist, only loved himself.
"Too bad, I hoped for more," Ronald said.
Business discussed, they tore each other's clothes off lustfully. Once naked, they kissed passionately, and Endora knew what Ronald wanted. Ronald wanted her to suck his cock hard and then take it up her ass. These were the two things Ronald's wife, Debbie, would not do. Endora would have preferred him in her pussy, but she would deny Ronald nothing. She took his only average-sized cock into her mouth as she recalled how well-endowed Niles was. Too bad Niles could not further her aspirations like the Judge could. When Ronald was hard and well-lubed with spit, Endora bent over his oak desk, waiting submissively for his anal assault. Ronald pressed his penis tip against her anus and began forcing it in. Endora reached between her legs to rub her hooded button. Ronald fucked her ass selfishly, and just as he ejaculated into her bowels, Endora, having manipulated herself successfully, squirted down the front of his desk. Immediately she felt weak and collapsed nude on the floor. Her curse had returned to her, having been broken by Nari. Ronald did not know what to do. If he called an ambulance, it would expose their affair and ruin him. Endora was deathly pale at this point and barely breathing. Panicking, he called the only person with medical knowledge he could trust, Stella.
"Stella, Endora has suddenly become very ill in my office," Ronald said into the phone.
"Did you call the ambulance?" Stella asked.
"I can't. Endora is naked in my chambers," the Judge said.
"Okay, I will be right there," Stella said.
Stella, always a skeptic, had joined the Fold for sex and now believed in the supernatural. After seeing Margaret's recovery, the magical instructions working awakened the seer part of her brain. Stella and Nari rushed to the Judges chambers. Stella had been feeling very odd and let Nari drive her car. Stella had never let anyone steer her sporty Nissan before, but she could not trust her earthly vision, as her open-eyed spiritual dream was too distracting. Oni had waited patiently for this opportunity to communicate with Stella. Stella saw an image of Oni. Oni appeared, dressed in a simple white peasant dress, the most lovely woman Stella had ever seen. She had an hourglass waist and an ample bust. Her eyes were bright like light green emeralds. Stella and the twins were her descendants, and Oni's beauty was passed on to them. 'Oni,' short for Onessa, died at the twins' age, and she looked identical. Oni gave her instructions on how to save Endora and the Fold.
Nari parked next to Endora's BMW. The Doctor and her new nurse rushed toward the courthouse's back door, and Ronald let them in.
"How is she doing?" Stella asked.
"Not well. Endora is barely breathing," Ronald said.
They hurried into the Judges chambers, and Endora lay naked on the floor. Her skin looked deathly pale, and her pink baby bottle-sized nipples had a yellowish tinge. Nari took Endora's vitals.
"There is barely any pulse, Doctor," Nari said.
"Endora cursed Margaret, and now that curse has returned upon her," Stella said.
"You seemed to have a vision in the car. Did Oni tell you what to do?" Nari asked
"She did. I need you to piss in Endora's mouth. Oni says that will save her. Save some pee for Ronald because the curse will go to him next, as he helped her conjure it," the Doctor said.
Nari squatted over Endora, and Stella held Endora's head. Nari let loose a stream of urine into Endora's mouth.
"I am not drinking her pee. That is disgusting," Ronald said.
"So are you for cheating on your wife," Stella said.
Endora sputtered and choked but began to regain color. Clair texted that Margaret was almost at full strength already. Endora regained consciousness just as Ronald took ill. Oni had predicted that. When Ronald lost consciousness, he fell to the floor, lying face down. Stella and Nari turned him over, and opened his mouth. Nari hovered over him, and piss soon erupted into his mouth. He drank the pee, and his color returned. Ronald soon regained awareness again but did not recover completely.
"Endora and Ronald sought a righteous male to spew seed onto my stone. They attempted to overthrow my spirit guide status of the coven. They would align the Fold with Harbinger's spirit, a horrible warlock who betrayed the witches of my day. Many of our numbers were burnt at stake from his testimony or Rebecca's. Rebecca, Endora's great-great-great-grandmother, revealed others to the authorities before she drowned in a witch test. Her spirit is held captive in the water. Rebecca's motive was jealousy of my beauty and position, just as Endora envies you. Five years as Altar could not satisfy her need to one-up you, and she had to extend it past your five lest she is only even. Harbinger suffered testing; he also did not save himself as he died, crushed by a door loaded with rocks, A foolish test of witchcraft from the day. Harbinger, an unrighteous witch, needs blood-bought semen to restore his power. Harbinger wants to free his lover Rebecca from the cold grip of the icy lake. His forlorn spirit now wanders the earth powerless; Harbinger had little power alive and even less deceased," Oni explained.
Stella intently listened as she continued, "The new coven to be an oligarchy where Endora could excise Rebecca's spirit and lead indefinitely. Then they planned to supernaturally restructure Ronald's Mob, enabling him to take power under Harbinger." Oni only told Stella how to save them if she agreed to have Endora banished from the Fold. Stella planned to inform Martin, the true Mob leader of the warlocks, of the threat.
"Oni says you must eat Nari's ass to recover Ronald. If you don't, you will die," Stella said.
Nari positioned her ass over Ronald's face, and he reticently pressed his tongue into Nari's anus. Nari enjoyed the feel of it and the power she felt over Ronald. Self-absorbed, Ronald did not enjoy others' pleasure. Nari wiggled happily on his tongue until she climaxed.
"Now you must eat out Endora's ass," Stella said, implying Oni had ordered it; in fact, it was her wish alone.
Endora took Nari's place, and the asshole judge ate his semen from Endora's anus. Stella gloated, wanting Ronald to be humiliated. Endora loved how his tongue felt, cleaning her anal opening. Ronald felt demoralized, but his penis woke up and began to stir. He was soon fully erect.
"Now have him fuck your pussy and clean his cum out of that. Or the curse will return on you both," Stella ordered, lying. Endora climbed on his cock and rode it until the clandestine couple climaxed together. Endora then positioned her pussy over his waiting mouth; Ronald slurped his sperm out obediently. Ronald defeated, now willing, pleasured Endora, a big step for a Narcissist.
Stella, satisfied with the events, and Nari left the courthouse.
Stella phoned her daughters. Abigail answered on speaker.
"Abigail, Tabitha, how is it going?" Stella asked.
"Good, the crystals affirmed both Ryles' eligibility," Abigail answered.
"Fantastic. Will Nancy and Vivian join our group?" Stella asked.
"We have not asked yet?" Tabitha replied.
Nancy had heard of the Fold and had long wished to join it but had no idea which women belonged to the clandestine group. The members sworn to secrecy did not speak of the Fold with non-members. Nancy had heard that the rituals involved sex; someone she knew had seen a ceremony from a great distance and could not make out faces. She could tell that all the witches were engaging in sixty-nine-style oral sex. Nancy, a person with high libido, wanted in.
"Would you two like to join the Fold?" Stella asked.
"I would," Nancy replied. Nancy and Vivian were descendants of Onessa's maternal cousin Mercy, and she shared Oni's unearthly beauty, which had passed to them.
"I would also," Vivian said.
"Good, we will have to schedule an emergency meeting. Something else has come up," Stella said.
"What has happened?" Tabitha asked.
"I can not tell you on the phone. We will talk later," Stella said.
"Okay, Mom, I will see you later," Tabitha replied.
"Goodbye, I will see you at home," Stella said.
Matilda, a gifted seer, had foreseen two Ryle women's admission to the Club. That is why she wanted Niles to have the video she emailed. A witch owning another was against the Fold bylaws. Therefore not wishing the two sluts to be set free, Matilda wanted Niles to take possession of them.
However, Oni had thrown a curveball and wanted to test Niles for his worthiness to join the Fold. For the first time in over seventy years, Oni wanted to admit a man potentially.
At this time, Gloria said, "Oni wants to test if Niles is worthy, also."
"How do we do that?" Abigail asked.
"I brought what we need," Gloria said, retrieving a carved wooden box with ivory handles from the Jeep's front seat. Gloria set the container on Niles' front walk. Niles, still trying to balance over the dildo, fell onto his ass with the seven-inch fake cock entirely inside his anal passageway, His balls landing on the cowbell painfully. The Ryles went to try to right him. Gloria took out a scroll from the upper part of the box.
Come here, girls, and join hands in a circle around the box. "Oni, Choose whom she'd call. The triple phalluses shall reveal his worth and if his spirit will obey Mother Earth. The triple test foretells it all," The three members read the ornate scroll together. Gloria opened the lower chamber of the box.
Inside the box were three more clear quarts phalluses, designed to be worn in a harness around a witch's waist. The twins and Gloria took off all their clothes and suited up for the test, putting on the leather belt system and installing the ten-inch gemstone phallus. Gloria, only in her early thirties, was fit and sexy. Niles liked what he saw, another hot female.
"The test is to be carried out from eldest to youngest," Gloria instructed.
The twins pulled Niles to his feet and folded him over the porch railing, his head facing the street. The girls pulled the now-embedded modern rubber cock out of his ass. Gloria lined up to violate his bowels for the test. She pushed in as the end held by the harness stimulated her sensitive nub. Niles' ass took the huge fake dick as it had taken Stella's entire fist. Gloria thrust in and out quickly. Niles gasped as his erection twitched expectantly. The twins looked on intensely as the gemstone male appendage glowed green, and Gloria wracked with orgasm. Gloria reluctantly retracted her dildo out of Niles' anus.
The eldest twin, Agatha, lined up to test him herself. She, too, plowed into his stretched hole. Niles, though he would never admit it enjoyed being fucked like a slut. His penis throbbed with each thrust as Agatha found her rhythm. Niles teetered on the edge of an orgasm. The fake dork glowed a slightly darker green just as the textured harness end made Agatha shudder with orgasmic delight. She pulled out of Niles' abused rectum, wishing she could continue dominating his ass.
Tabitha went next, lining up to his whole as Niles waited expectedly. She thrust in and hammered his stretched hole mercilessly. Niles sucked air as pain thrilled his senses, the cowbell cockring sounding with each thrust. The noise echoed through the valley. Tabitha soon brought herself off. The gemstone penis glowed an intense green as she climaxed. Nile fired semen onto the front walk.
Oni had expelled the men seventy-odd years ago because they had rebelled and tried to take dominance of the matriarchal Fold. They two had tried to replace Oni with a male spirit guide. They had chosen one more potent than Harbinger, and he, Merlin, still guided the men's Mob. Merlin did nothing to stop Endora and Ronald because he was tired and wanted to be released to move on. After three-hundred years he was ready to face the next realm, even if it may mean judgment for him. Merlin had mistaken the men's intentions and expected release over seventy years ago.
Niles felt something he had never felt. His head tingled, and when he looked at the women, he could see a faint spiritual cloud around them. Niles looked at each individually, and the newbie could interpret their spirit. Each omitted an energy field, and he sensed the nature of the aura bubbles. The women varied in character. Vivian's cloud seemed intensely good, as did Nancy's. The twin's seemed primarily righteous, but Gloria's felt only usually respectable. "This could come in handy," Niles thought.
"Would you like to become a Warlock?" Gloria asked.
"We just joined for the sex," Abigail admitted, referring to her and Tabitha.
"As did your Mother, and who wouldn't," Gloria said.
"I think I do, but let me give my final answer in a few days. I hate rushing into things," Niles said. First, they sealed away the sacred implements and locked them into the Jeep.
"You three must swear an oath of secrecy," Gloria said. Gloria wanted Niles to fuck her, as her husband, Jeff, had recently not been as sexually active as she wished. Unknown to Gloria, her mother was demanding Jeff take care of her needs. Jeff had long known Gloria wasn't faithful, and he found his mother-in-law sexy, so why not, he thought. Now his Mother-in-law Gwenith had been blackmailing him, and he found himself enslaved to her bidding.
"I swear," Niles said.
"I shall remain silent about this," Nancy said.
"I will never tell anyone," Vivian said.
"Good, now you all have to seal the pact with a sex act; I get Niles," Gloria said. Gloria, the senior of the three witches, deserved her preference.
"I want Nancy," Agatha said, next eldest.
"That leaves me, Vivian," Tabitha said happily.
The twins would have preferred to have Niles to themselves, but it was now out of their control. If he became a warlock, he would never again have to do their bidding after today. They wanted to make the most of their temporary blackmail-empowered ownership of him.
"Let us move to the backyard," Gloria, a married woman, said.
Niles' yard had all the California furniture, couches, loveseats, and chaise lounges. Gloria lay naked on a reclined lounge with her legs spread, "Fuck me hard, Niles," she said, wanting Niles' cock, which was more significant than Jeff's. Niles lined up to her waiting hole and rammed his cock into her. Gloria liked other men to take her roughly because her husband always took her gently and lovingly. Gloria let Niles enter her without protection, disregarding her husband's health.
The twins lay on chaise lounges, and the Ryle women happily licked their pussies. Vivian with Tabitha and Nancy with Agatha.
Niles quickly brought Gloria off and blasted his seemingly endless seed into her unprotected womb. His sperm impregnated her, and she immediately sensed something different inside her. Jeffrey though he refused to test, was sterile.
*****
At that moment, Gwenith took advantage of Gloria's absence. Gwenith was ridding Jeff's cock, ensuring he filled her Vag with semen. Gwenith orgasmed, and he did just that; her tightening pussy caused him to shoot a lot into her. Gwenith cupped her sex holding his seed inside and moved her loaded box over his mouth.
"Clean it all out, or I will tell Gloria what a bad boy you are," Gwenith threatened.
Jeff secretly loved the taste of sperm and would gladly clean her out without the threat. His man card necessitated him never telling anyone he was excited by eating his cum. Gwenith shuddered intensely, and Jeff became hard again. Gwenith had Jeff do another cycle of deposit and oral withdrawal of his seed. Gwenth then picked up her discarded panties and handed them to Jeff.
"Wear these the rest of the day, my clean up Bitch," Gwenith said.
Jeff put on Gwenith's panties, and they excited him. He became hard again. Jeff had tired of the vanilla sex of his marriage, but had he communicated with his wife, he would learn she wanted to experiment. Gwenith living in the same house, had limited the time they spoke one on one and exploited it for her gain.
Gloria, having grown suspicious, had installed cameras throughout the house. Gwenith, though very conniving, was not very cunning. Her cameras recorded the whole thing. Though Gloria was a serial cheater, she did not want Jeffrey to cheat.
Having satisfied herself with Niles' giant cock, Gloria redressed and bid her goodbyes. The twins left to do much-needed laundry, leaving only Niles and the Ryle women. Niles retrieved his phone from the charger and watched Matilda's video. Vivian and Nancy stood watching it over his shoulder.
"What are you going to do with that video?" Vivian asked.
"I don't know. I wanted to use it to make you both my sex slaves. But Stella still owns me," Niles said.
"If you join the Fold, you will be free, Gloria said," Nancy reminded him.
"I know, but so will you two," Niles replied.
Vivian grabbed Niles' cock and said, " All you need is this to control me."
"I agree. What are your wishes, lover," Nancy said.
"I want the two of you to share my bed," Niles said, wanting to fulfill a long-held mother-daughter sex lifestyle fantasy.
"Will you want us to have incestuous sex?" Nancy asked. Nancy looked at Niles and then Vivian to gauge their reaction. She thought about what she felt about it as well. Wrong as it was, she often had sexual feelings for Vivian.
"Of course. Is that a problem?" Niles asked
"Not really," Nancy replied.
Vivian also had long-held inappropriate feelings for her mother.
Niles looked at Vivian, and she replied, "Anything you wish, dear,"
*****
On the way home, Gloria stopped to use her phone to check the camera's saved footage. I knew it, she thought as she saw what Jeff and her Mother had been up to, but she was not mad. Gloria drove the rest of the way home. She stormed into the house, feigning anger.
"Jeff, I know what you and Mother have been up to," Gloria said.
"What? We haven't done anything," Jeffrey lied.
Gloria pointed out the camera.
"It means nothing. Your mother is blackmailing me," Jeff protested.
"I should divorce you for this," Gloria said.
"Please don't. I will make it up to you. I promise." Jeffrey had everything to lose. The company and money were all Gloria's. He could end up with only alimony, and the courts in this state did not award large alimony amounts to men.
"Glad you said that; strip naked, you worm," Gloria said.
Jeff removed his clothing, but Gloria stopped him as he revealed he wore Gwenith's panties.
"Are you wearing Mother's panties?" Gloria asked.
"Yes," Jeff said, very embarrassed.
"They look good on a sissy like you," Gloria said, wanting to humiliate him.
"Our new neighbor Niles has filled my box with sperm. Be a good husband and lick his mess out of your wife now," Gloria said, smiling.
"You want me to clean another man's cum from your pussy?" Jeff asked.
"It is that, or I will divorce you," Gloria said.
Jeff hesitantly licked her pussy as his tongue found the sticky white fluid. He found he liked the taste. Gloria could tell that though Jeffrey was trying to hide it, Jeff was into cleaning her out. Their marriage could have been much better if he had admitted this earlier.
"That is right pretty boy, clean it all out. Does a real man's sperm taste good?" Gloria asked.
Gloria had married Jeffrey as a trophy husband: Her father, Doug, treated Gloris as his princess. Gloria was heir to everything Doug had. Her father did not consider her mother in the will. When Gloria's father passed, she took over the large dairy.
"That's right, Jeff, make me cum," Gloria said.
Gloria came squirting all over Jeff's face.
"You might as well come out. I know you are lurking in the hall, Mother," Gloria said.
Gwenith sheepishly entered the room.
"I am sorry, Gloria, but a woman has needs," Gwenith said.
"I don't mind you sleeping with Jeffrey, but it pisses me off that you felt the need to sneak around behind my back," Gloria said.
"I am sorry; I thought you would be more jealous," Gwenith said.
"I thought you were chasing Malcolm, now that he is a widower?" Gloria asked.
Malcolm was a dairy employee, a manager, the head of Pasteurization, and a sweet man. Jeffrey was Vice President of Operations, a meaningless title because he was never attentive enough to run anything well. The only thing he did well was look good in a suit and be charming.
"I did, but he did not return my advances," Gwenith admitted.
"Malcolm is very shy other than about work," Gloria said.
"I practically threw myself at him," Gwenith said.
"He was mourning then," Glori said.
"Still, most men get sex hints," Gloria said.
"I bet he would if you told him Jeff would be involved in a threesome," Gloria said.
"Why do you think that?" Gwenith asked.
"He always looks at Jeffrey," Gloria said. Malcolm looked at Jeffrey because he could not believe Gloria was with him. Malcolm wanted Gloria, not Gwenith.
"Jeffrey does have a cute ass, especially in my panties," Gwenith said.
"Yes, he certainly does. Let us see what Malcolm thinks when he gets here. Malcolm needs to discuss the boiler issue we had this morning with me. He will be here any minute." Gloria said.
****