My wife Sarah and I met in our twenties and got married quite young. I couldn't believe my luck when we first started dating. I've always considered myself an average looking guy, and definitely felt that I was punching above my weight with Sarah. Sarah has that kind of 'girl next door' appeal to her. Sexy without being slutty, cute, short and slim despite her curvy figure. When I first started dating Sarah she came across as very reserved and conservative. Always dressing modestly, but not to the point of being boring. However the longer we dated and the more I got to know her, the more it became apparent that she had a strong exhibitionist side. We had a lot of fun exploring this throughout our marriage. This story is of the first time that Sarah ever exposed herself to someone we knew, when we were both in our early twenties.
When we were first engaged we were both still studying our respective degrees. To fund this we were each working less than desirable jobs. Sarah's job was as a receptionist at a local mechanics. It was easy work and paid very fairly, to the point that Sarah didn't need a second job. The only downside was her boss Graham. Sarah was the only woman in her workplace of about 10 other men, so she was used to the kind of casual sexism and comments that came with the territory, but Graham took it to another level. While most of her coworkers would make the occasional remark, or just blatantly check her out, Graham made a point of making his feelings very clear. On multiple occasions he had invited her out for dinner, asked her to model for him, even going so far as to ask her if she shaves her pussy.
Sarah would come home after work and fill me in on all of this. When I'd ask her why she doesn't just quit she would reply that we need the money, and that it's only just words. One night however, after a few drinks, Sarah confided in me that deep down she really enjoyed it. She liked the idea that this middle aged man was pining over her, lusting over her body, imagining what she was hiding beneath her clothes. She loved to tease him, subtly encouraging his behaviour, knowing full well that he'd never get what he wanted so badly.
I always loved it when Sarah opened up like this. It usually always came out after she'd been drinking and her inhibitions had been lowered. And she knew that I loved to hear this. Not wanting to changed the subject, I had probed her a little. "What if you you agreed? Do you think he'd even know what to do with you?" I asked.
Sarah had laughed at the question and tried to brush it off, but I persisted. "Let's say just hypothetically, if you knew you were never going to see him again...would you strip for him?" Sarah paused, blushing and biting her lip before replying, "Yeh...I think I would."
That was all I needed to hear. Putting the idea to rest we didn't discuss it again. But all the while the memory of that conversation would pop back into my head whenever Sarah came home complaining about Graham's latest comments.
----
It was about 5 months after that night when we were both nearing our graduation. Not only were we excited about seeing the end of our shitty university jobs, but we were finally ready to pack up and move city. Sarah's last shift was on a Friday and her coworkers had decided that they needed to send her off with some farewell drinks.
I was painfully aware that this was the perfect opportunity to nudge Sarah in the direction of showing off for Graham, but I didn't want to come across too strongly and scare her out of the idea, considering that she was only half heartedly agreeing to go along to the drinks in the first place. I figured I would wait until she had a couple of drinks in her and see how the night went.
When Friday night came along I was stuck back late at my job as a kitchen hand. One of my coworkers had called in sick and we were all struggling to pick up the slack. By the time I finally clocked off Sarah had been out of work for 4 hours, and I figured that they might not even still be out. Sarah wasn't answering her phone so I jumped in a cab and went straight over to the bar I knew they would be at.
Only about 3 blocks down from the mechanic's, the bar was an absolute dive, right in the middle of the industrial park. But it was a local favourite given its size and the fact that any drink cost about a third of what you would pay anywhere else. By the time I arrived it was abundantly clear that everyone was making full use of the cheap drinks and Graham's bar tab.
About 7 of Sarah's coworkers including Graham were still here. They were seated in the back corner in a large semicircular booth. Sarah was squeezed into the middle, between two guys I'd met before name Tom and Chris. Everyone was huddled together laughing and looking down at the phone held out in Tom's hand. I walked up to the table and was greeted by a bunch of drunken cheers. Sarah looked incredibly tipsy, her cheeks flushed and swaying slightly, but laughing and clearly having a good time.
"So, what's so funny on the phone?" I asked, noticing that Tom had pulled it away and was now holding it under the table. An uncertain look was shared between a few of the guys, before looking back at me. I was about to tell them not to worry about it when Sarah piped up. "Oh don't worry, he won't mind," she said, snatching the phone from Tom and passing it over the table to me. "We were just taking a few photos to commemorate my last night here. We may have got a little carried away, but it's no more than I'd show at the beach," she said with a grin.
I turned my attention to the phone in my hand. Looking down and starting to scroll through the photos, I saw picture after picture of everyone at the table posing in various groups smiling for the camera. As I scrolled along I noticed that every photo seemed to include Sarah, who was slowly getting more and more tipsy in each passing image. Finally I came across the first photo that Sarah had been talking about.
This one showed the entire group standing by over by the far wall. It was instantly recognisable as it was covered in hundreds of photos, each one showing different patrons of the bar over the years. There was a tacky neon light hanging above their heads, framed dead centre. What stood out about this photo was that Graham and Chris were standing either side of Sarah, each firmly holding one of her breasts through her shirt. Sarah had a look of mock surprise on her face, clearly laughing for the camera man.
"Phil the bartender took these for us," said Chris leaning over. We said we'd let him pick the best one for his wall. I smiled and nodded in reply, too engrossed in the phone in my hands. Flicking to the next picture, the image in my hands changed slightly. Sarah had turned around and was now looking back over he shoulder, smiling at the camera. Graham and Tom were still either side, their hands now clamped firmly on her jean-clad ass cheeks, squeezing hard.
My pulse was racing as I realised that there were still more photos. I had intended for Sarah to loosen up enough to show off a little to Graham, maybe a nip slip or flashing her ass, but this was more than I had expected. Still, despite my nerves, I found myself incredibly aroused at the thought of what I had been missing while I was at work.
Swiping to the next picture, I felt a sudden lump in my throat. Sarah was in the same position as before, except she had loosened her jeans and slid them down just over her ass cheeks. The thong that she was wearing was so thin that it almost looked invisible, tracing its way between her cheeks. Graham and Chris' hands were exactly where they were in the last picture, firmly holding onto her ass cheeks. Graham had given up any pretence of looking at the camera and was staring intently at Sarah's smooth ass.
I swiped to the next photo and was momentarily relieved to see that Sarah's jeans had been pulled back up. The relief was short lived as I noticed that she was now holding her shirt up under her chin, her bra-clad breasts on show. She was wearing a skimpy black lace bra to match her thong. Her firm B cup breasts looked amazing, and even in the photo you could just make out the outline of her hard nipples straining against the fabric. Again, Graham was staring down at her cleavage, undisguised lust in his eyes.
I held my breath as I swiped to the final photo. Sarah's bra had now been pulled up along with her shirt. She was grinning from ear to ear, her eyes clamped shut with apparent embarrassment. She had both of her hands clamped over her nipples, but you could just make out the faint hint of light brown skin above her left hand. Something about the way that she had failed to completely cover herself drove me wild.
I was startled back to reality by Tom's voice. "I think that's the one that's going on the wall," he said. "The pose was actually Phil's idea." I sensed that Tom was trying to shift the blame and noticed that a few people at the table were anxiously waiting to see my reaction, wondering if they'd pushed their luck. "It's all good guys," I said laughing, "Looks like a fun photo shoot."
Everyone seemed to ease up after that and conversations resumed. I poured myself a drink and started playing catch up. With Sarah squeezed in across the other side of the table I had no hope of talking to her so I spent some time chatting with the other guys. After a couple of hours I was well and truly tipsy. By around 1am about half of the guys had drifted off home. I found myself alone with Graham playing darts.
Like me, he had been drinking solidly for the last few hours, but seemed to be holding himself better than I was. He was playing far better than me, and I was struggling to keep up. Eventually our conversation moved to the pictures that had been taken before I arrived. He seemed to be emboldened by the fact that I hadn't been annoyed when I arrived.
"So me and the boys were thinking we might enlarge some of those photos to decorate the lunch room with. You know like a fun momento of Sarah's time here?" he said watching me.
"Yeh sounds good, I don't think she'd mind," I replied, shrugging, "I mean, if it's going up on the wall of the bar everyone in the area can see them anyway."
"I've got to tell you," he continued, almost as though he hadn't heard my reply, "when I had my hand on her ass, and she had that pretty little thong on...it took every bit of restraint not to pull those cheeks apart and see what's hiding between them."
I was stunned. Sarah had always told me everything he would say to her at work, but I had never expected him to come out with something this explicit.
"I've been dying to know if she shaves that little cunt of hers, but she won't tell me. She's a coy one, your girl is." He laughed derisively, looking across to the bar to where Sarah was sitting with Tom and Chris, swaying in her seat. "If I had it my way," Graham continued, "I'd have her scrubbing the floors butt naked on her hands and knees instead of sitting behind that desk like an uptight little college girl."
I was startled by how freely he was talking about Sarah. Clearly he was a lot drunker than he was letting on. Before I could think of something to say in response, the bartender Phil's voice rang out calling last orders. Apparently deciding that this was their cue to exit, Tom and Chris knocked back their drinks.
We all made our way out to the street where Sarah was already hugging the two guys and saying farewell. They both said that they'd had enough for the night and were calling a cab. I was just starting to think that the night was over and feeling slightly disappointed when Graham clapped a firm hand on my shoulder and said, "Well no reason to call it a night. Why don't we head back to the shop? We've got a well stocked liquor cabinet and there's no last call."
Sarah's face lit up at this and she hastily agreed. Next thing I knew the three of us were making our way down the dark street back towards the workshop. Graham let us in and lead the way to the back lunch room, a spacious area with a few couches, tables, a TV and a kitchen. Sarah and I sat down as Graham busied himself pouring drinks at the kitchen counter.
Bringing back three tall glasses of vodka soda, he handed one to each of us. Judging by the smell and the taste, there wasn't much soda in them. We sat and chatted for a while. Sarah and Graham did most of the talking, I was too lost in my own thoughts, wondering how I could casually move the conversation back towards the photos from earlier. Before I got my chance, Sarah asked if anyone wanted to play a drinking game and if they had any suggestions.
"How about that?", I said, pointing over at the dartboard hanging on the far wall. "You can play Graham first, then I'll play the winner."
"I've got a better idea," interrupted Graham. "If we're going to play a game, how about we make it interesting? I still haven't sent out your last pay cheque Sarah. If you beat me...I'll triple the amount."
Sarah raised her eyebrows and looked over at me. Turning back to Graham she said, "And what happens if I lose?"
Graham let the question hang in the air for a moment before replying, "If you lose, you have to strip for me. Right here in this room. And I mean proper strip. Butt naked, down and dirty."
There was a tense moment of silence. Sarah turned and gave me a questioning look. I shrugged back at her as if to say 'it's up to you'. Finally turning back to Graham she replied, "Deal."
Despite how drunk she clearly was, it was apparent that Sarah had spent a bit of time practising on this dart board. It was a close game, but she beat Graham, leaving him with a sour look on his face. Apparently not prepared to concede defeat he demanded, "Double or nothing!"
"What do you mean?" Sarah asked.
"One final game, no replays, double or nothing," Graham said. "If you win I'll pay you four times what your pay cheque would have originally been. If you lose, I'll still pay you the original double, but you have to pose for me while I take pictures. And you have to do any pose I say, no objections."
Sarah stopped to think for a moment, apparently weighing up the choices. "If I lose, and I won't," she said smiling, "just pictures. No touching, agreed?"
"Agreed," replied Graham, holding out his hand. Sarah shook it and they began their second game.
It became immediately clear that Sarah had been played. Graham was much better than he had let on in the first round. With his first three darts, he hit the triple-twenty square on. It only took a couple of minutes before the game was finished, with Graham beating Sarah by over 80 points. She stood there slack-jawed staring at the dart board as the reality of what had just happened started to seep in. After throwing the his last dart Graham had walked out of the room in the direction of his office and now returned holding a large and expensive looking camera.
"Well, no time like the present," he said, laughing.
Sarah was still standing by the dart board, he face now flushed with embarrassment. I realised my whole body was trembling with anticipation at what would come next. Walking over to the coffee table, Sarah picked up the bottle of Vodka and took a long swig straight from the bottle. Grimacing as she swallowed it, she said, "I need a minute," then turned and walked straight into the bathroom closing the door behind her.
A couple of minutes passed, which Graham spent setting up his camera and adjusting the lens. Realising that Sarah probably wasn't coming out I tried to think of something to offer Graham to convince him to let her off the hook. Right as I was turning to speak to him, I heard the sound of the door latch pulling back. I spun around to face the bathroom door and felt my jaw drop open.
Sarah was standing in the doorway stark naked. Her hands hung at her side leaving her body completely exposed. I stood for a moment taking in her beautiful figure, her firm breasts with their rock hard nipples, her toned stomach and curvy hips. It had been about a week since she had last shaved and there was a light dusting of fair hair across her vagina. Sarah had always been slightly self conscious of the way that her inner lips slightly protruded, and her lack of public hair offered no cover for them right now. She was trembling slightly but her face was lit up with a smile. "So, where do you want me?" she asked.
I suddenly snapped back to reality. For a moment I had completely forgotten about Graham and with a rush of excitement I realised that this was really happening. Graham was staring at Sarah with a lecherous grin on his face and wasted no time in getting her into position.
"Sit your ass over there," he said, pointing at the furthest of the moth-eaten old couches in the room. Sarah made a show of slowly crossing the room, each step causing her toned ass cheeks and naked breast to slightly jiggle. Carefully sitting down with her knees together, she folded her hands on her lap and looked up at Graham, who was already busy snapping photos.
"Don't play coy sweetheart," he said with a leer. "Open those knees up for me now."
Blushing furiously, Sarah slowly parted her knees, her trimmed pussy now on full display for Graham and his camera. I stood there in stunned silence taking in the scene. Just hours earlier Graham had been her creepy boss, a middle aged man with no hope of even seeing Sarah in a bikini. Now she was sitting before him, legs spread, with not even a stitch of clothing to cover herself with. I could tell by the way that Sarah's eyes were starting to glaze over that she was really starting to enjoy this. Desperate to see how far she was prepared to take this, I kept silent and watched the scene unfold before me.
For the next pose Graham ordered Sarah to pull her knees up to her chest. Doing so gave him an even clearer shot of her pussy lips as they were thrust forward. From where I was standing I could even see as the slightly darker skin of her asshole came into view. Evidently Graham noticed this too. His next instruction was for her to roll over with her knees of the floor and chest on the couch to give him a proper view of that 'pretty little ass'.
Sarah obligingly slid onto the floor, arched her back and stuck out her ass. Her firm cheeks perfectly framed her pussy as it came into view. I couldn't believe that my beautiful fiancee was on her knees presenting her ass to her boss in such a lewd display. Apparently Sarah didn't seem to think this pose was quite lewd enough. Without any further instruction from Graham, she reached back, firmly grasping her ass cheeks, and pulled them apart.
The view was completely obscene, and I was instantly rock hard. Sarah's entire asshole was on display, inches from Graham's face as he crouched down and started rapidly snapping photos. Adjusting her grip slightly lower, Sarah pulled back again, this time causing her inner lips to part completely, brazenly exposing her open pussy.
I heard Graham sharply inhale, then lower the camera, staring at the lewd display in front of him. "My god," he said, "Your cunt is completely fucking soaked." Sarah let out a barely audible moan in response.
Once again I was stunned by his crude language, even more so considering he was talking about my fiancee. Sarah had always hated that word, and I could not imagine how demeaned she felt. All the same, there was no denying what Graham had said was true. Sarah was absolutely dripping wet, and in her current pose you could have seen this from across the room.
Graham resumed snapping photos, all the while Sarah just held her pose. Once he was satisfied with the amount that he had taken, he would give her another instruction to change her pose. This went on for countless poses, each one pushing the boundaries further, but Sarah followed the instructions to the letter. At one point Graham had her on all fours with a sponge in her hands, scrubbing the floor at his feet. He followed that up by having her squat over the vodka bottle so that it was lined up with the opening to her pussy. We then moved from the lunch room to the workshop floor, where Sarah was made to act out various poses such as changing a tyre, or crawling under a car to examine the under carriage.
Finally Graham said he had one last request. Switching the camera over to the video mode he positioned Sarah in the centre of the work shop floor. He propped up a mirror in front of her, explaining that he didn't want to miss out on seeing those blushing cheeks. Ordering her onto all fours and positioning himself behind her, he said, "Now I want you to shake your ass. Shake it like you're in a strip club working for dollar bills. I'll tell you when to stop."
This hadn't really been part of the arrangement, and I thought that maybe Sarah might protest. I was wrong. Obediently arching her back and spreading her legs, Sarah started shaking her ass up and down in the most obscene display I had ever seen. Her firm ass cheeks were bouncing wildly, parting open then coming together bringing her asshole in and out of view. Her pussy was now openly dripping, leaking juices down the insides of her thighs. I couldn't believe how this night had turned out. My gorgeous fiancee was shaking her pussy in her boss' face, a man who she had worked with for nearly two years, while he eagerly filmed every second.
"Now stop, but hold that pose," Graham said. Switching off the camera, he turned and walked back toward the lunch room, calling over his shoulder, "Don't move from that spot, I'll be right back."
Sarah was frozen on the spot, hands and knees on the grimy workshop floor with her ass in the air. Her pussy was still leaking uncontrollably and there was now a small wet spot on the floor directly beneath her. When Graham returned after a couple of minutes, he handed me a plastic bag which he had unceremoniously stuffed Sarah's clothes into. In his other hand he was holding her lace panties, which he began to wrap around his finger.
"Now I know I said I wouldn't lay a finger on you, but technically this doesn't count," he said, walking up to Sarah. Without hesitation he reached out and ran his panty covered finger along the length of her slit. Moving across her clit up towards the opening, he quickly buried his finger inside her and started wiggling it.
For what seemed like an eternity, my heart stopped beating and everything around me froze. I could not believe the sight before my eyes. My fiancee's dirty old boss had his finger buried inside her up to the knuckle and was grinding it up and down. Sarah let out a gasp at the sudden intrusion, then with her eyes glazed over, lowered her head, thrust her pussy towards him and let out a whimpering moan. It only took a couple of seconds before her whole body was convulsing as she was rocked by a violent orgasm.
Graham pulled his finger from her as she collapsed into a trembling heap. He stood up, laughing as he balled the soaking wet panties up in his fist. "I think I'll keep these as a souvenir," he said, slipping them into his pocket. "You know as far as farewell parties go, this one wasn't half bad. I've got to close up shop now, but don't worry I've called you a cab. Get home safe." And with that, he slapped her on the ass and walked from the room.
By the time I was finished processing what I had just seen Sarah was already climbing to her feet, looking dazed. As I helped her up she turned to me smiling and asked, "Was that what you were hoping for?" I was lost for words and just smiled and nodded back to her. Looking down at the bag of clothes in my hands she shrugged, then turned and walked towards the front door. Opening the door, she stepped out into the street.
I quickly followed behind her and was met with another surprise. Our cab driver had already arrived, and was grinning ear to ear. I instantly recognised him. Given that many of the customers at this workshop often had to leave their cars overnight for more extensive work, the business offered a courtesy cab to get them home. Neil was a local cabbie who had an arrangement with the shop. He offered them a discounted rate as long as they called him directly. As the receptionist, it was always Sarah who arranged this, and so she and Neil knew each other quite well. He was now standing in front of her staring unashamedly at her naked body.
Sarah was swaying slightly, her legs tumbling, still reeling from the combined effects of the alcohol her orgasm. She seemed completely oblivious to her nudity as she walked up to Neil and gave him a hug. His face lit up as wrapped his arms around her and let his hands rest on her ass cheeks, squeezing them slightly before letting go.
Without another word, Sarah pulled open the backdoor and awkwardly climbed inside. Clearly still unsteady on her feet, she crawled into the back seat giving Neil a perfect view of her asshole. Finally she collapsed on the backseat, lying face down along the length. Neil smiled, closing the back door and turning to me. "Well, best get going then shall we?" he asked.
I took a seat in the front next to Neil. As he sat down he also reached up and activated the interior camera, which now had a clear view of Sarah lying across the back seat. The drive home was a short one, but Sarah still managed to toss and turn in the back seat trying to get comfortable. She finally settled on her back, with one leg draped over the edge of the seat and the other sticking up, bent at the knee. This position caused her pussy to spread slightly, giving the rear camera a perfectly centred view of her open pussy.
When we arrived at the our apartment block, Neil was quick to dash out of the car and help Sarah out from the back. By the time I was standing on the curb he was already helping her to her feet, one hand clamped firmly under her breast, the other gripping her ass cheek as she steadied herself on her feet.
Still looking dazed, she smiled and thanked him for picking us up, then stumbled her way towards the apartment entrance. I awkwardly thanked Neil, who seemed oblivious to my presence, then jogged to catch up with Sarah. I was thankful that on a weeknight no one else was likely to be arriving home this late. We still had another few weeks living in this apartment and I wasn't sure how Sarah would handle one of our neighbours seeing her in this state. She was still obscenely wet, and her thighs were glistening with her juices.
Sarah stumbled her way into the lift and leant back against the wall. Parting her legs to keep her balance, she closed her eyes and let out a satisfied sigh, a slight smile on her lips. As I helped her out of the lift on our floor, I noticed the security camera in the elevator had been facing Sarah square on. I smiled to myself, thinking that some lonely night watchmen would be in for a real surprise if they ever went back over those tapes.