This is a very short, but fun, little story.
One night, after leaving the swingers club at about 2am, my wife decided she just HAD to have two tacos from a Jack in the Box. But, she wasn't wearing anything except a short, see through, white lace nightie and a pair of black thigh high stockings. When we got in the car, she laid her seat back, kicked her high heels off in the floor, and put her feet up on the dash. In that position, she was quite "exposed"! Her nightie was up on her lower belly, showing her cleanly shaved pussy, and her 38C tits, nipples and brown areola, were very visible through the see through white lace of her gown.
My wife, Brandie, was in her mid 40's at the time and easily passed for 30something. She stands 5'7" tall, had shoulder length blonde hair, and although she had a little spare tire around her middle that she wished she didn't have, she was a looker! With her pretty face, curvy figure, and legs that younger women were envious of, my wife had no trouble turning men's heads when she was wanting their attention.
I tried to talk her out of it, but she insisted she needed those tacos! So, I went to a drive up window at the Jack in the Box.
At the first window, where I placed the order, an older black woman took the order and she could plainly see my wife laying in the passenger seat fully on display! After taking my order and sending me on to the second window, I heard her saying something on her headset as I pulled forward towards the next window, to pick up my order. She was apparently telling the two food preparer guys to come to the window and check out the woman in the car passenger seat.
When I pulled up to the next window, two black guys, one looking like a teenager, and the other looking to be in his 30's, both squeezed out through the window so their heads were nearly sticking in through the driver side window of my car.
At the first window, with the older woman taking our order, my wife had just laid still in the seat with her eyes closed, as if she were asleep. At this window, with the two guys looking into the car, my wife opened her eyes and stirred a bit, spreading her feet apart on the dash, opening her slit up a bit. She even gave her pussy a sort of absent minded rub, spreading her lips even further apart giving both the guys a good view of the pinkness within. I could even smell her wet pussy in the close confines of the car, I wondered if they could, since their heads were nearly in the car with us!
Then the older guy said, "I'm sorry, we don't have any lettuce for the tacos, do you still want them?"
My wife, still seductively rubbing her pussy, and obviously enjoying teasing these guys, said, "Ewwww, yesssss. I still want them."
The both of them were quite obviously enjoying the show my wife was giving them as they excitedly watched her rubbing herself. Then she slipped one finger up her pussy until the back of her hand was against her crotch, as she cooed with pleasure from the feeling of her own finger invading her cunt. She pulled it out, showing that it was obviously coated with her wet juices, then she stuck in her mouth and momentarily sucked on it.
Then she told the guys, "If you don't have lettuce, just put extra meat on them."
When she said that, I was thinking she's liable to get one of those guys coming out to the car with a taco shell wrapped around his cock!
The two guys retreated back inside the window, while simultaneously saying, "Yes Ma'am!"
In just a minute or two, they were both back, both squeezing out through the little window to hand us a bag with the two tacos in it, thanking us for our order. By now, my wife had sat her seat back up and she was sitting up, leaning over me, towards the window to take the bag. She had the top of her nightie down, exposing both of her bare tits!
She took the bag from the young boy and said, "Thank you."
They both stammered, "No! No! Thank YOU!"
I drove off, laughing my ass off as we made a short block and pulled out onto the interstate headed home. My wife turned her overhead light on and opened the bag to pull out one of the tacos. When she unwrapped it, there was so much lettuce on it, it was falling all over the floor of the car!
My wife looked at me in her drunken confusion and said, "I thought they said they didn't have any lettuce?"
I started laughing and told her that was obviously a ruse, just so they had an excuse to talk to us at the window and get a look at her! Then she caught on and she started laughing.