I briefly closed my eyes as I drifted off to sleep. The sun felt warm on my skin, which was close to bare. My white, skimpy bikini barely covered my chest, not to mention the rest of me. Almost everything was exposed; the top barely covered my nipples and was slightly see through, while the bottom barely covered my pussy lips and was nearly transparent as well. Both the top and bottom tied on the sides, meaning one tug and all would show. I sighed and pushed my expensive sunglasses closer. It was time for a well deserved nap.
The crashing waves drifted in and out, bringing a soft noise along with the sound of seagulls and children playing. Parents yelling toward their kids, quiet footsteps, the calm shift of sand beside me. I felt someone sit down a few feet away but I didn't bother to open my eyes; the beach was crowded, I didn't think anything of their close proximity. A cool breeze picked up and I felt my nipples harden. It was warm out but they were always sensitive to air. I had no doubt they were visible through the white material that stretched tightly against them. My legs subconsciously parted as I imagined someone running a finger through my dampening lips, picking up my juices and bringing them to my twitching clit. I was already horny.
I sighed lightly and willed myself to stay still. I wanted a nap. Fantasies could come later. And yet I couldn't stop myself from daydreaming. My legs inched apart further as my mind wandered. My clit twitched and my pussy dampened. I could just feel something touching me, rubbing at the fabric of my thin bikini bottom while the wind caressed my ever-hardening nipples. I gasped lightly as I imagined a new touch between my legs-so gentle it barely seemed real. But of course it wasn't. My hands were snugly behind my head, putting my chest on full display, legs slightly widened a bit more as I pictured someone's venturous hand run up between them.
The hand rested over my bathing suit, pausing to make sure I wouldn't stop it. Of course I wouldn't-it was fake and harmless, simply a part of my fantasy while I drifted off to sleep. The finger slowly slipped inside my bikini and parted the lips of my fully shaved pussy, making a come-hither motion as it leisurely rubbed through the juices. It gently moved up, and then slowly back down, teasing my engorged lips and swollen clit. I let out a small moan and shifted slightly, moving my legs a few more centimeters apart. I could still hear people nearby but no one was paying me any attention. After all, this was all in my head. Nothing noticeable was happening.
The finger ran up and flicked my clit, making me twitch. I adjusted my hips against the hand, running it through my own juices as I positioned my pussy where I wanted it. I pictured the finger sliding in my hole, and just like that, it did. In and then slowly back out, until the string was pulled on the side of my bikini and it fell open. The breeze blew against my exposed skin, almost as if it were real. The finger was joined by a second, both steadily working in and out now. I barely ground my hips-I didn't want anyone else to be aware of the fantasy going on in my head. Suddenly a third finger pressed onto my clit, moving in circles as my breath caught. This all felt so real.
But as soon as it had started it all stopped. I sighed in disappointment and moved slightly, parting my legs a bit more as I felt another breeze. But then I imagined something wet against me-a tongue as it timidly ran up between my pussy lips, pushed inside and then pulled back out, roughly ran up and down as it eagerly lapped up my juices. It quickly pushed in and out before lips closed around my clit and began sucking. It was all I could do not to moan out loud; I had never felt one of my fantasies so strong or so real. My breathing picked up as the tongue and mouth continued to devour me. I was ravished, willing myself to stay still as my dream ran wild. Licking up and down, thrusting its tongue in and out, flicking along the way and sucking at my clit. I felt my legs pushed apart a few inches more and began humping the imaginary face as I heard a loud 'oh my god!'
I reluctantly opened my eyes, lifted my head to see a few people nearby, staring with smiles and shocked expressions. There was a real man eating me out, devouring my innocent pussy with vigor. I gasped and scooted back but his face went with me. My breathing picked up and I moaned as my insides began to contract. He lifted my legs and draped them over his shoulders and I fell back, landing on my towel while he continued. I briefly closed my eyes, then reopened them to see the spectators grinning at my sudden awareness. This was real. This was really happening and I loved it.
I continued to hump the man's face and began to orgasm while countless people watched me, a few recording close up but keeping my face from the frame. I moaned loudly and gripped the man's head, pushing him closer between my legs. All sense of decency was ripped away as an orgasm like no other tore through me, my pussy releasing juices and cum into this stranger's mouth while he happily devoured it all, rubbing his face again my clit while his tongue worked away. My back arched as a second orgasm engulfed me. He wasn't going to stop.
Eventually it subsided and he rapidly nuzzled his face between my legs, his nose assaulting my clit as I gasped loudly. A third, stronger orgasm ripped through me as I humped his face, moaning uncontrollably at the growing sensations. I didn't want this to ever end. Forever seemed to pass before it finally did and I stopped moaning. And then he sat up as my eyes fell shut. I didn't want to see his face. I didn't need to see it. Him being a stranger was perfectly fine. I felt the sand shift as he walked away, and a slow clap started up around me. I opened my eyes to see countless strangers still watching and several filming, all with their cameras facing my twitching pussy and nothing else. I let my eyes fall shut again; part of me was ashamed, but the other part was excited beyond all reason. I couldn't wait for something like this to happen again.