A peaceful vacation with the sheriff? Nope.
[Author's note: These are the continuing adventures of Nigkala, as Daisy Smith. Read that series to see how she became Daisy, and got her abilities.]
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
= = = = = = = = = =
Last week, I saw a new gym setting up in a strip mall I pass on my naked runs around the lake. It was the day it was finally open. I walked in wearing a belt and sneakers, but otherwise naked, and headed up to the front desk. The young man stationed there was wearing a light green T-shirt with the gym's logo, but his jaw dropped as he stared.
I said, "Hello. I see you are finally open. Can you tell me what you have to offer, and what it costs to become a member?"
The only movement was him changing where he was looking. Upper breasts, lower breasts, or pussy.
"Hello?"
By this time, he managed to close his mouth, but there was a little drool hanging out one corner. So I banged the bell in front of him.
"Hello!"
"Huh? Oh! Um... Hello. What can I do for you?"
"Can you tell me what you have to offer, and what it costs to become a member?"
"Oh! Membership. Uh... The prices are posted here to my right." He pointed to a sign, showing special terms for opening. Then, he pointed to the big room to his left, and said, "Over there, we have a number of exercise machines. Once we get going, we will be adding additional machines, so there will be less waiting. Behind me, around the corner, are small lockers for those who won't be using the locker rooms, as well as a pair of restrooms. Further back are the sauna and locker rooms."
He continued with information about trainer services, and how they were a separate charge to the membership, but discounted for members. He also discussed family plans, buddy plans, and other options.
"I think I will take a trial membership for myself." I then pulled out my credit card from my belt. It also held my phone, my ID, and copy of the local laws about being nude or topless in the area. I paid the fee, and started to head into the main room.
"Hey, wait. We have a dress code here."
"What kind of dress code?"
"Look in the pamphlet I gave you. It tells you on page two."
I turned to page two, and found the section. Quickly reading it, I smiled.
"Well, nothing here against being nude."
"What! Didn't you see about what kind of outfits you are allowed to wear?"
"I did. But they were allowed, not required. As there is nothing about being required to wear anything. Near the lake, nudity is allowed." I then went into the main room, leaving him in shock.
There were only four others here at the moment. I went and selected one of the empty machines. I set the resistance high, and began a few sets of a dozen reps, with a minute between them. Then I went to the next machine, and did the same. All the machines were modern ones, where you set the resistance, rather than have weights. It made for lightweight machines, which were easier to relocate and adjust. Also, they all had safety buttons to zero the resistance, and also smart sensors that sounded an alarm a few seconds after they detected the user failing badly.
On the treadmill, I chose one that let me face the others. This meant everyone saw all my breasts bouncing. Later, on a leg machine, I used it to force my legs wide open, letting everyone check me out. Eventually, I went and took a shower. I didn't bother to dry myself, beyond squeezing my hair, then shaking it out. As I slowly walked out, everyone saw me still wet, and I exaggerated swinging my hips, to leave a very sexy exit. Once back outside, I continued my run.
I decided I would start my run a little earlier, so I could spend half an hour in the new gym. A few days later, I learned the guy at the counter was actually the owner. He continued to object to my naked presence, and even called the police on me. Boy, did he get a surprise when the sheriff, Tony, stopped by to inform him of the law, and how I was within my rights. He even brought the text of the law which defined it.
When Tony visited me a few days later, he said, "Can you believe it? He wants me to arrest you, and he can't describe your face, eyes, or hair." Then he laughed.
I joined in. "I noticed he had trouble looking above the neck."
"Woman, everyone has that trouble."
"You say the sweetest things." I then pulled his hand from my breast to kiss it, before putting it back.
"So, are you driving all his customers crazy with lust?"
"Oh, I haven't turned on the charm yet, beyond wiggling my hips, and walking out soaking wet from the shower."
"That must be affecting them some."
"Oh, it is. Word has spread in the young crowd, who don't yet know me well, and he's getting more memberships than he expected."
"I wonder how long it will take for him to see the profit in allowing you there?"
"I imagine the end-of-month accounting will change his mind. If not this month, then next. The bank will definitely tell him not to mess with profit. He'll learn soon enough. Looks like you have recovered. Shall we go for round three?"
His dick jumped, as he said, "Little Tony thinks this is a good idea, and I agree." He then rolled over me to take me on his bed. We began slowly, as it was round three. But he built up speed, and I matched him with my own actions. It was a given that I would have several orgasms as he wound up to having his own, but when it came, I also came, but harder. It was clear he could sense my own orgasms, and the greater one as he came. It was part of Inanna's gift to me as her priestess.
He rolled off me, and I twisted to lick it clean, even as I deepthroated the wilting dick. Returning to my former position, I asked, "Have you settled on a date yet for our vacation?"
"Almost. It is down to two different weeks in the spring. I'm looking for the best deal for Acapulco."
"You know I'm not worried about price, and I'm paying for the trip."
"I know. And I'm thankful. I'd need a few years to save up for this on my own. But that's not the issue. There are some side adventures I want to enjoy, and their schedules are still in flux."
"So, we're still staying at the Princess? Are they okay with the two different weeks?"
"Yes. In fact, they are helping me schedule this."
"Ah, good. What about your friend, the Federale?"
"Oh, Miguel and Elena are flexible. She's due just before we will arrive, so he's already arranged for a flexible schedule for two months. He'll be able to take a lot of time off, and we will visit them a bit at their home, as well."
"That is good."
"Yeah, as Miguel wants me to be little Aurora's godfather."
"Bet you never thought you'd have a godchild before you had your own kid."
"Can't say it ever occurred to me. But I'm proud of it."
We kind of ran out of things to speak of, so we went to sleep. I woke early, and left, like I usually did.
Back home, I set up for the morning Pilates class out back. I was ready as people started to come. By now, I had convinced all the ladies that walked here from their home, to do so in the nude. One man also walked here nude. The dead-end turnaround at my place was filled with several cars, and people came out back, most stripping on the way. I still had some holdouts, but that was okay.
I started the class with warm-ups, and stretches. Between being the teacher, and having four breasts, I was the center of attention, and several of the men started getting aroused. The first half hour was fairly normal for such a class. The second half hour, however, went into the Erotic Pilates. There was a two-minute break to allow the less willing to leave. No one left today. Some days one or two might leave. The further along the class went, the more intimate the students got. Several allowed penetration, or full contact. The rest just got real close.
Afterwards, everyone was aroused, but most left. One couple that had gotten full contact waited for the others to leave the patio before they began having sex. I relaxed a little ways off, and watched. After they both came, they left.
A few days later, I was at the police gym in my gi. I only had three students, but they were now going at me full tilt. It took them a few sessions to realize I was out of their league, and could handle everything they could do. One of the students was the sheriff, and he had quickly realized I wasn't going to go soft on him. I did, however, go a little easy on him, so he could be a little better than the others.
A few times, the gi came undone enough to allow a nipple to escape. I would quickly fix it, but only after my opponent was distracted by it. I first pulled that naughtiness back in the second class. When they tried to use it as an excuse for being distracted, I chastened them, telling them their enemy could do the same or worse. That made them think, and they got better at ignoring my teasing.
After they were tired, at the end of the class, I would demonstrate some additional moves. I repeated it several times, so they could study the moves from multiple angles. They were attentive, since they knew I would be teaching it to them the next time we met. Then class was over, and we all went to the locker room.
They were unsettled by the fact I joined them, but it meant only the one locker room needed to be used. Also, they all have seen me nude running about the lake. As to their being seen nude, they were a little more reluctant about that. But as I didn't give it any notice, they got used to it. Later, they learned I didn't mind them getting erections in my presence.
Later, as Tony was dropping me off, he asked, "Are you holding back on me? I seem to be 'winning' a little more than the others in our bouts."
"I am holding back. You cannot take me at full capacity. As to 'winning', yeah, I'm doing that as well. Not too much, as that might be seen, but now and then, a little."
"Why?"
"Politics. Your men need to look up to you. While your being first among equals is reasonable, being just a small amount better makes it a little easier to see you as a natural leader."
"Wouldn't that make my men think you are better than me?" He smiled as he asked, so I knew he was joshing.
"They know I am better." I was silent, so he looked at me for a moment. I winked, and continued, "But then any specialist will be better than the generalist, and the Sheriff must be a generalist."
"So, I'm a generalist?" He seemed genuinely curious.
"Yes. You manage a department. You know the law well, especially the local law. You handle interactions with other agencies, be they the local fire department, or the FBI. You delegate many things to others that are specialists. Like you have Frank handle the domestic disputes, since he is patient, wise, and large. Julie could as well, but she has a temper, is new, and small. Such disputes can lead to violence, and Frank's size puts a damper on such ideas, and his demeanor encourages talk as opposed to violence. Julie cannot do that."
"Oh, I never realized I did all that."
"The best leaders lead by example, and do what is needed. Your people see that in you, and instinctively follow you for that."
He was silent, and we eventually reached my place. He dropped me off, and I went inside, with my skirt already in my hand. Too bad no one was outside to see.
Once inside, I headed to the wine cellar. Rather than head into the room after coming down the stairs, I went around, as if the stairs continued to a lower floor. While still in the room, I summoned a desert outfit, including the magnetic trigger device. Then I walked behind the stairs and looked up. I waited a few moments, and an image formed on the ceiling of a desert. Seeing no one, I touched the wall.
I appeared in Death Valley, somewhere in a five-mile radius. I had enchanted this portal to a random location, so that even if I was seen arriving, I would not be traceable. The image was a god's-eye view of my chosen location, so I could back out and try again if someone was visible. This meant I should not be seen, or I could take measures to hide magically. As it was, there was no one. Even so, I concentrated to see what life was nearby.
I sensed nothing, except the desert life I expected, and a few miles away, the keeper of this place. I began running there. By this time, the valley had taken note of me, and I no longer had any difficulty moving on the sand, nor would running here tire me, as it provided the energy I needed to run. I slowed down when I neared. The keeper was waiting on the steps of his research station.
"Welcome, Miss Daisy."
"Thank you, Bret. All is well?"
"Yes. Had a scare the other day when some folks got lost, but the spirit led me to them. I gave them water, and trail mix for energy, and led them to the nearest outpost, where I called in for transportation."
"I remember it on the news. Good work on that. How goes your studies?"
"My sensei tells me I might get my master's license in a few months, if I work hard enough. Learning how to teach others the martial arts is harder than I expected."
"Hehe. I know. I have a few students, myself. But when they are focused on what you have to teach, they learn so much better than newbies that have no clue. Yet, the newbies offer the greatest possibility. Heck, you surprised yourself on that score."
"I know. Me, a nerd, a debate team leader. Now, I teach martial arts."
"And of your other studies?"
He pointed over at his dune buggy, and said, "I've added some preservation spells, and also a magic sunscreen bubble about it. Now, I can stay out in the sun longer without worrying about getting a sunburn. It also lowers the temperature a little. Not enough to notice, but when moving, it makes the passing wind cooler."
"Let's go take a look at it."
He got up, and we went to his dune buggy. We spent twenty minutes going over every spell he had on it, not just the new ones. I wanted to see how well he got them to work together. I spotted two problems, and through careful questioning, led him to find the errors. We spoke for a few minutes, spit-balling ideas to fix them, but I said that could wait a few months, if need be. I wanted near perfection, not speed. We then talked of his future plans for nearly two hours, before I finally left.
But not back home. No. I went to the heart of Death Valley, and lay down on the sand. Meditating, I contacted the spirit directly. We spoke little, yet communicated fully. I could sense my body being covered in sand to hide it, while at the same time, I gained the senses of Death Valley. I felt all it felt, as if it was now my body. All the wildlife that inhabited it, the waters that flowed through it, and the people who were about. The latter included Bret, of course, but also the others posted to guard the place, and those visiting, or studying.
I also felt its growth as a spirit. I could sense the flow of power it got from not only the sun, but also from meteorites. When I remarked on that, I felt the desert push a very heavy object towards my human body. As that occurred, I could feel that it still had power within it. Then I felt my senses return to my human body, and I was uncovered. Next to me was a white metal object, about the size of a basketball. When I picked it up, I was quite surprised at how heavy it was. I later learned it was over four hundred pounds. I wanted to study it, but back at home.
I did not want to subject it to portal or teleport magic, so as to keep it insulated from my own magics. Instead, I invoked Isis's magic, and manifested her kite wings. I then picked up the object in both hands, and focused on going home. As I left, I could feel my connection to the spirit had also grown, as I could still feel it when I arrived home. That was new. By then, it was nearing morning, so I quickly descended into my back yard. I then walked in, and down to my magic laboratory. It was yet another suite of rooms below ground, hidden by magic. I left it on my work table, and headed to bed.
I saw Tony a few days later. Apparently, the dates had solidified with early spring. As it was midwinter, there was plenty of time to solidify things. In the meantime, I had a new project. That object the desert gave me. It didn't take long to identify it as iridium. The desert told me it fell at the same time I disappeared for a while, which told me it must have been a splinter from the city-killer meteor that hit the Gulf. I remembered it well, as I was in the Gulf at the time, and it had sent me to another dimension.
When I looked Asteroid 2019 OK up, I learned it did not have any notable amount of iridium. Then I realized it must be impact ejecta from its fall. Given where it hit, and what came up, this object must be part of the Chicxulub impactor. It killed off a lot of dinosaurs 65 million years ago. Somehow, the city-killer kicked up some of the planet-killer into my desert. Other hints indicated it had been in near contact with molten rock for a significant time.
The impactor's history is currently believed to be an Oort cloud comet that got too close to the sun and broke into pieces. That meant it got hit with a huge amount of solar energy, and also gravity. From what the desert said, and I confirmed, it held a lot of solar power within. After several days of mulling things over, I spoke to my goddess.
"Queen Inanna, I have come into possession of a curious natural object. I think it might be part of an ancient comet that struck our world. It exudes power."
"Daisy, my daughter, I noted your recent flight, and its cause. What you have seen is, indeed, from space, but I think An would be better able to speak to that. Have you any plans yet?"
"No. That's one of the reasons I seek your thoughts. I was thinking of a magic device, but cannot think of any serious need I have had recently."
"Let me think on this. I will also ask An for his ideas. Speak with him tomorrow, and I will let An tell you my ideas."
"Yes, my queen."
That made me think about asking the other gods I deal with. Checking the time, I saw I had several hours clear. I summoned Everest's talisman, and touching the object with my hands, I invited his attention.
"Lord Everest. This space rock has been given to me. I would enjoy hearing your thoughts about it."
I kept that thought in mind, while otherwise keeping my thoughts still. It took nearly ten minutes before he responded.
"Priestess, you bring to my attention a curiosity. Tell me what you know of it."
"Yes, lord." I then told him how it came to me, and what I learned magically and scientifically. I spoke of my talk with Inanna and her thought was that this was once a comet.
"Lord Everest. That is what I know, and suspect. I welcome your thoughts."
Again, I waited several minutes before he asked, "Priestess, may I use your body to examine it?"
"Yes."
I was not prepared for his response. I felt his power flow through his talisman, and I saw my flesh become stone. But that stone was still flexible. The stone transformation began at my wrist, where his talisman was, and spread quickly. Once I was completely stone, I felt his mind entering mine, much as other gods have done. I opened my thoughts to any that came from him. I did not seek such thoughts, but if they went past me, I wanted to hear them. The danger was not being found out, but the sheer magnitude of a god's thoughts. Ever since I entered Isis's sleeping mind, I kept far more control of my own thoughts when I was in proximity to a god's mind.
The next step seemed to be a physical examination. My hands explored its surface, then I lifted it and shook it a little. Then I leaned forward to lick it. I tasted things I was unable to taste, but Everest's mind understood. From the spillover, I learned a lot of its atomic and chemical nature. Then I leaned my head close, and my hair flowed over it, seeming almost like a liquid. I sensed it flowed, through the cracks, inside the object. But my liquid hair seemed to sense energies as well. Again, the spillover let me understand it was not radioactive, but it held within the metal itself, powerful solar magic. I also learned that it also retained an affinity for gravity.
Finally, I felt his thoughts recede, and then his power faded. As it did, my flesh returned. Moments later, Everest spoke, and told me about its physicality, but also something of its history.
"I have no connection to the heavens, but I understand rock. This pebble came from a larger rock that floated in space. It was vast." I got the impression of an object a hundred times the mass of Everest itself.
"But this larger rock was seared and gravity broke it into many pieces. It was trapped in the searing place long enough to liquefy, and was purified. Sometime later, another rock came close enough to capture this piece with gravity. Leaving the searing place, it cooled, and solidified within the larger rock. Finally, it fell to Earth, and lay quietly until something kicked it free of the rock that brought it, and it landed in sand."
Finally, he added, "Indeed, this is a curious rock. Thank you for your offering of knowledge."
I then sensed his withdrawal. I felt tired, but I knew being a divine vessel takes a lot of energy. Getting up, I checked the time. Yikes! It was nearly dawn. That examination must have taken over ten hours alone. I rushed upstairs, and took a quick shower. After, still wet, I went to the fridge and grabbed a snack, which I wolfed down, and then I went out back for my Pilates class.
I quickly got things set up, and had almost five minutes before the first student arrived.
After class, I researched the Impactor, and realized that this iridium was not originally part of the Impactor. Rather, it was from some other comet that went too close to the sun, and broke up due to tidal forces inside the Roche limit. That evening, I prayed to An, as Inanna suggested.
Instantly, I was hit by a lightning bolt. As I had expected it, I had made sure I was outside before I prayed. Today, I found myself on top of a cloud, high in the sky. I could feel An's gift of air was the only reason I could breathe. From the stars, I realized I was out over the Atlantic somewhere, and it was quite dark.
In front of me stood An, in all his Sumerian glory. His long kaunake seemed to be ruffled by a breeze, even though there was almost no air here. Though he wore no clothing on the upper half of his eight-foot-tall body, he had assorted jewelry, showing gold, silver, bronze, and carnelian. He even had some woven in his long curly beard. It was clear he had a six-pack, and his presence was quite intimidating.
Or it would have been, if I hadn't been his priestess for decades. That, and the fact I had seen him in person many times, when most priestesses might see him once or twice. I walked towards him, then bowed deeply, awaiting his word.
"Priestess, I feel your mood. Why the levity?"
"My lord, your presentation upon my arrival made me think of the boys at the gym. They pose so, trying to get my attention, and hopefully my favor in bed. But here, it is no pose, and you have already had my favor. Several times. They are so young, the similarity struck me as funny, even as I knew there was no comparison to you, Lord An."
"Yes, young mortal's antics can be humorous. Tell me, what are your thoughts on this lump of metal?"
"Being essentially rock, I sought Everest's thoughts about it. He thought it was curious, and chose to examine it with my body. I got more than I bargained for, and was quite tired after his attention left. No matter, he had a lot to say. I now know something of its history, and experience in space, as well as its physical and magical properties.
"I feel drawn to make something with it, but I do not yet have a plan. I already have armor and a major weapon. I don't need more. Nor do I need help with travel. I spoke with Queen Inanna, and she indicated she would speak with you."
"She did so speak. She did suggest some minor things, but I had an idea she had not thought of, and she likes it more than what she came up with. Care to guess?"
"This ultra high cloud is not your usual meeting place. It is dark here, lit only by the stars. We are far from land and people. It occurs to me your domain is the heavens, and here it is very evident. My guess is that it has something to do with the heavens."
"You are wise, for it is so. You are aware of how man intrudes upon my domain. First with aircraft, and now with spaceships and satellites. Look out on the horizon. See the many lights of the aircraft. It becomes crowded. Now look a bit higher. They are hard to see, but there are long strings of satellites for communications. Further up, there are other satellites and stations. Some are even for tourists, and act like a hotel or brothel. Beyond the sun for now, there are even people who have traveled to Ṣalbatānu. You know it as Mars.
"I would have you make the rounds of the places men stay in the heavens, and for that, you need to be able to traverse my domain. I command you to make a lesser talisman with the metal, and I shall bless it, and so give you leave to freely traverse my domain when it is with you."
"It shall be done, my lord."
"When I spoke of my desire, Inanna asked if you could be sent on her behalf also. I have no objection, and it will ease tensions if you can see to their sexual needs."
"I will be happy to ease the sexual tensions of those in the heavens." Then I posed, and blinked my eyes a bit, and said, "Would you like your sexual tensions eased?"
His kaunake tented, and I noted a few sparks there as well. Clearly, he did as well, as he stopped a moment and watched it spark as well. As soon as he nodded, I began sensuously removing my clothes. While I am usually naked these days, I thought this might happen, so I had dressed to kill, or rather to have sex. My clothes were having their intended effect, and as they slid off, I began gathering some of his power, and I started having static discharges everywhere.
His clothes turned to mist, and he was revealed in all his glory. I moved to the bed that appeared from other mists, and lay down, ready for him. His cock was too long for any mortal woman. He would top out with several inches to go, but I wasn't worried. As he slid it into my slippery vagina, more powerful sparks greeted it from within. Likewise, my nipples were now putting on a fireworks show of their own, and he quickly began sucking on one. His electrified tongue was giving my breast shocks, as was his cock. Likewise, our hands were lit up, with tiny bolts flying off our fingertips.
Each time he pounded into me, he sent a bolt from his cock into my body. I did my best to redirect it and send it back to him from all over my body, but not all the energy went all the way. Holding his power within me, I could feel my nerves power up from twice as fast as a normal human, to a superconductor that instantly carried messages to my muscles. They, in turn, were becoming part electricity, and thus able to move at inhuman speed. Yet, I still controlled my body.
As I felt more power within me, I could feel the core of my body become plasma. So could he. That's when he went in deeper than before. Instead of topping out, his cock became bathed in the plasma of my core. I started to have a small orgasm every time I was pierced. I did my best to please his whole body. Even as my body was becoming plasma, I stretched my arms and reached places I could not while solid. I spread my ticklish shocks all over his back, and my legs were doing the same to his legs.
By this time, he had sucked on several nipples, and was finally getting around to my mouth. I slipped my tongue into his mouth, and it lengthened, as it was plasma by then. His tongue was in my mouth. As my body was entirely plasma, I no longer needed to breathe. Yet, thanks to Inanna's gifts, I knew just how to please him. Finally, we came. The bolts coming from us were so strong, that they lit up the entire cloud, and caused thunder, even this high up. Being a god, he didn't need rest. Being Inanna's priestess, I didn't need rest as long as I was having sex. Yet, we paced ourselves, and only had our major 'bangs' a few minutes apart. I could tell, because the cloud would light up when we came.
We stopped at dawn, so it must have been at least five or six hours. He looked at me, even as a human-form cloud of plasma, and said, "You know me too well. Go, now. Pray to me when you have made your talisman."
I rose from the bed, and sighing, I said, "I shall." Then, still floating in the air, I assumed a standing position, bowed, and then left. As plasma, I wasn't as fast as lightning, but unlike the lightning teleport, I could correct my course on the way, and I wasn't limited in range. Good thing, as we had drifted within sight of Africa.
I was home in minutes, and here it was still night. To the northwest, about fifty miles, there was a rainstorm. I went there, and began to discharge the energy from my body into the rain clouds. Soon, the rainstorm was a thunderstorm, and my body was solidifying. I levitated, until I had drained out almost all of the energy into the clouds. Then I created a solid illusion of a hang glider, and finally flew home.
I flew low over my pool, as as I passed it, I dismissed the hang glider illusion, and dropped into the pool. What little power was left, went into the pool, finally grounding me. I went to bed, so I could get a few hours of sleep before dawn.
I sought out my talisman that contained a man's mind. "Hello, Alec."
"Hello, Daisy. What brings you here?"
"I need to make a new talisman. One designed for space and space travel."
"That's interesting. What brings this on?"
"Lord An wants me to check up on all the people off planet. Seems their being in the heavens, his own domain, concerns him. So I will be going into space again, but on my own dime, so to speak."
"I see. What can I do to help?"
"I have not kept track of what is off planet, nor what needs they have. You can help me with that. I shall also need a spacesuit, and I thought of the nanotech. See if you can get the latest designs from Red Horizons. I know they are on Mars, but they may have data stored closer. If you cannot get to them, then use my stockholder access. At five-percent ownership, I think they'll be forthcoming. While I don't expect combat, consider what I might encounter. Also, I will use some of that iridium I got." I then told him about it.
"Not asking much, are you?"
"I expect this talisman to have a magic purpose, that adds to what I can do. I know it is a lot, but this is a long-term project. I will meet with you from time to time, to refine our ideas. But for the immediate future, I have a vacation to deal with."
"You like the sheriff? Will anything come of it?"
"A baby, if Inanna so desires, but no long-term commitment."
"Does the place look good?"
"Yes. The Princess Mundo Imperial Riviera Diamante seems to be one of the better hotels in Acapulco. I'll send you pictures."
"Thanks, boss."
"What of you? Have you been having fun with the virtual classes?"
"Oh yes. They say, 'on the internet, no one knows you're a dog.' It is so true. My drone body is great, but it is not human. My friends on the internet, however, don't know that I'm no longer human."
"Let's keep it that way. Everything is so much simpler."
"So true."
"I'll leave you to your work, and I'll tend to mine."
With that project started, I could plan what to wear, and what to bring. First, I had to check out some recent travel magazines, to see what others were wearing. I was saddened by the trend towards more coverage, but I made clothes suitable for the trip. I, likewise, made some swimsuits, as we would be swimming. Then I selected some jewelry to bring, and made some as well. I then created a purse, and enchanted it against theft. I even made a custom backpack to carry everything.
A few weeks later, Tony picked me up, and we headed to the airport. He said, "I almost didn't recognize you."
Knowing where this was going, I smiled. "Why not?"
"You were wearing clothes, and fully covered."
"Well, we're going out of town, and into the wider world, that doesn't take as well to nudity. It behooves me to dress appropriately. Don't worry. I'm not wearing underwear. I'm ready to play."
"Now, I'll have that idea in my head the whole time."
"Maybe not. I'm a member of the mile-high club."
That got me a look.
"Hey, watch where you're driving."
He nodded, then said, "I shouldn't be surprised. You are a sex priestess, after all."
"But I am so much more than that."
"True."
We got to the local airport, and met a squad car with two officers in the parking lot. We all got out, and said goodbye to each other, then Tony handed over his car keys, so they could return his squad car back to the police lot. We put on our backpacks, and headed in. When we got to security, they gave Tony a hard time, but were clearly teasing him. They gave me a little as well, yet they never noticed the letter opener in my purse. It didn't show up on the scan, and magic hid its true nature as a powerful sword.
We had to wait a short time, but got on the plane, and settled into our seats.
"It seems odd to be in first class."
"I've traveled economy before. This is much better."
"Yes, but it costs a lot more."
"Don't worry. I can easily afford it, and my travel agent got a great price."
"I know. I do feel a little unsettled that you're paying the lion's share, especially as I invited you."
"For you, this would be a large chunk of your yearly income. For me, it is a much smaller amount. Again, don't worry. Let the vacation begin."
The local jet took us to the regional hub, where we picked up a flight directly to Acapulco. First class on that flight was much better, and I had even paid for fancy meals for us. We even split a bottle of wine, bought just for us. Once there, customs was fairly quick, as I had already registered my jewelry, and we had nothing of interest to them, save his badge.
"What's this?"
"I am a sheriff of a small town in North Carolina. I'm visiting a friend who's a cop, and he has invited me to visit his office. I thought it best to bring it."
"Are you here on business?"
"No. I'm vacationing with a friend." He then nodded my way.
"Damn, you're a lucky guy. How'd you score her?"
"She's a local Pilates instructor, and other things."
"Well, the badge is not a weapon, nor prohibited. Don't try to use it around here. You're clear."
We then cleared customs, and took a shuttle to the hotel.
We got to the room, and Tony said, "Wow. Did you get the presidential suite? I see a Jacuzzi, a small bar, and over there, past the king-size bed, is another room with a huge television. I bet they have cable with lots of adult entertainment."
"This is only a first-class suite. The presidential suite has multiple beds, in case you have some company over. It also has preferential room service. As to the adult entertainment, you think you can find anything there that you don't have better in the room?" I then grinned, and when he got embarrassed, I winked.
"Point. Several points."
"Hehe."
After we settled in, Tony called Miguel to let him know he was there. They agreed to meet at the hotel just after breakfast. Despite the long flight, it was not yet dark here, so we went for a nice second dinner. I called the desk for a taxi, and then we dressed before going to the lobby. Well, I kind-of dressed. The dress was sort of see-through, and you could see I wasn't wearing anything under it. It was also loose on top, so a downblouse was likely.
When I got in, I said, "Take us someplace nice, not known to the tourists." I followed it up with a small whammie, and the driver, after checking me out, replied he would.
Tony leaned over, and whispered, "What are you doing?"
I whispered back, "Trust me. While I don't know where we are going, I know we will go someplace nice."
He looked unsure, but leaned back. Soon, he was looking out the window, watching where we were going. I, too, watched, but with my other senses. We soon went through some less desirable neighborhoods, before stopping outside a hole-in-the-wall restaurant.
"Here you are, señorita, the Aztec Palace. Here's my card with my cell number. Call when you want to leave, as the area is not the nicest. I'll pick you up, or call with the name of the one I send in my place, to keep you safe."
I replied, "Muchas gracias, señor."
We got out, and went in. The décor had many images one would expect in the Aztec civilization. Yet, it was only on a band of the wall about three feet tall, just above the chair rail. On the ceiling, however, was a huge Aztec calendar. We wound up getting something called Tiritas de Pescado. It was a fish dish, that combined several strong spices in pleasant harmony. I bought a second bottle of wine for later. On the way back to the hotel, we talked about how good the food was, and the very interesting décor.
Back at the hotel, we quickly undressed, had sex, and went to sleep. In the morning, we went down and had a leisurely breakfast at a hotel restaurant. We were working on our second glass of juice when Miguel showed up.
"Tony! It's been a long time."
"Yes, Miguel, it has. Where's Elena?"
"She's back home, waiting for us. Little Aurora fusses no end, and Elena is wrapped about her little finger. Me too. She told me to pick you two up, and come right back home."
"Then let us make a quick stop in the room, to get our travel bag, and we're ready."
"What of you, pretty lady."
"Daisy. Daisy Smith. I brought a few things as well, but they are already packed to bring to your place."
"Daisy. A nice name. A beautiful woman. Shall we?"
Tony and I both slammed back the remainder of the juice, and got up. Miguel followed us to our room.
"Nice. Wish I could afford this when I travel."
Tony said, "Well, you could visit us here. All the amenities, and Elena won't have to worry about finding a place to change Aurora... I have my bag."
"I have mine."
We followed him, and got in his SUV. I went in back so Tony and Miguel could chat. While they did, I focused, and read the surface of Miguel's mind to see what worries he had. I saw the usual for a mid-level federal cop, and, likewise, the usual for a new father. However, there were some extra worries about not having the right stuff for his daughter. I smiled at that, as I could provide. I spent some time making things in my bag that suited their needs and desires for their daughter.
When we arrived, Elena was in the living room, playing with Aurora. Miguel introduced us. While Miguel and Tony sat on a pair of chairs to watch, I sat on the floor with Elena, and joined her in playing with Aurora. We tuned out the guys, and started chatting. I quickly mentioned that I often trained new mothers, and if she had any questions, I could show her lots of things, and answer any question. As I hoped, she began to ask questions. It started hesitantly, but I encouraged her, and soon we were discussing everything about raising babies.
Soon enough, Aurora decided it was time to poop. Elena excused herself, but I followed her. We went into their bedroom, where I saw a poor crib, and other signs of money problems. I said nothing, but made some plans for later.
I asked, "Can I assist?"
It took her a moment, but she decided. "Yes. Can you get a diaper from that stack over there?"
I did, and prepped it for her, so all she had to do would be to put it on. When Aurora started to fuss, I wiggled my fingers above her face to distract her. I would dart in and touch her nose, and say, "Meep!" This got her to laugh, and she was clearly having a ball. Once Aurora was ready, I asked Elena to sit with me on the bed, so I could give her some of my presents.
"I know you are Tony's friend, but why are you giving me gifts?"
"Because I am his friend... He said you asked him to be Aurora's godfather. As such, he would give gifts from time to time. Consider my gifts as his."
"Thank you. I don't know how to thank you for these gifts. The baby blanket is beautiful, and the baby outfits, as well."
"These are just a few things that I thought would be useful to a new mother."
"They are. We're done here, why don't we join the guys."
When we got back, Miguel asked, "Is Aurora good?"
"Yes, she just needed to be changed. Daisy gave us this blanket Aurora is in." She lowered Aurora a bit to let everyone see more of the blanket.
"Oh, that's pretty."
"It's also quite soft."
"Thank you, Daisy."
"My pleasure. I also brought other gifts for you." I then pulled out the bottle of wine I got from the restaurant last night.
"That's kind of expensive."
"Tony and I had some with dinner last night, so I asked to buy a bottle from them as well. It is our gift to your family. Save it for a suitable celebration, if you want."
"Then Elena and I thank you both."
Tony added, "Daisy can be a mystery, but she's good people. She keeps surprising me with what she can do and what she knows. I trust her."
This was met with a nice smile from Elena, but with a surprised reaction from Miguel. Apparently, he knew Tony well, and so also knew he didn't give trust easily.
As soon as Aurora fell asleep, we moved to the backyard, where there was additional seating, and a little plastic pool, currently empty. Elena put Aurora into a car seat on the ground beside her. We spent several hours chatting, and getting to know each other. They were surprised I was a retired federal agent, and that I helped train Tony's cops in combat.
Elena asked, "You're so young? How can you be retired?"
"My employment came about in an unusual way. So I didn't get the standard retirement plan as others. I have family money, so that is not an issue. When my time was completed, I retired. I am still on call, should they need my services, but they've only asked me twice so far."
Miguel asked, "If you can say, what did they have you do?"
"The first time, I was a bodyguard for the French ambassador's son. I took down an assassination squad that tried to kill him at a costume party. The only ones hurt were them, and they all were arrested and tried."
Tony added, "Yeah, I saw her shortly after she returned from that job. The scandal sheets mentioned an attack, but not much detail. When I checked my inside sources, I got a fair bit more, but not all. Five on one, and they stood no chance against her. I didn't get the details on that, but I did learn she taught other agents in combat, and she was called 'the master'."
Miguel asked, "Master, huh?"
"Yep. But I don't focus on that, these days. I have other responsibilities."
Tony chimed in, "She teaches Pilates now. In the nude."
Elena said, "No! Aren't you worried someone might spot you outside of the class?"
"Not really. Back home, I'm not a nudist, but I am often unclothed near my home. I live in a clothing-optional zone about a lake, and take advantage of it. Few of my neighbors would recognize me with this much clothing."
"I don't know that I could do that."
"Well, I did, and I enjoy my naked run around the lake every day."
Tony laughed, and added, "She's not the only one."
Elena asked, "What do you mean?"
"There are a lot of people who like to watch her run by in the nude. She has double the usual charms, but is also graceful and fast. A few that try to pace her don't match her for very long."
"Oh my!" Elena raised her hand to cover her mouth.
I just quietly laughed. Then I said, "I'm something of an exhibitionist. I also have fun watching others try to watch me without letting others know."
Miguel said, "I can imagine. You're smoking even when you're not. Odd. How come I'm not drooling at you?"
I said, "I am also a priestess of Inanna, sometimes known as a goddess of sex. I can dial down the lust I create. I can also dial it up. But as this is a family visit, so to speak, I have it dialed way down. I'm not one to break a marriage."
Miguel said, "That's a new one. Tony, is it true?"
"She's a priestess, and she has some serious stuff. Like I said, she's a mystery, and that's only one of 'em. We're not an item, but I know her well enough to know she's the real thing. I also hear all sorts of wild rumors about stuff she pulls. More is true than not."
Elena said, "You're not an item? Then why are you together?"
"A vacation alone didn't appeal, and with her, I know it will be interesting, and likely sexy fun. Somehow, she orchestrated last night's dinner at the Aztec Palace. It was wonderful, and the bottle came from there."
Miguel said, "You know the Palace? Wow. Few tourists risk going there."
I said, "It was an excellent dinner. And the calendar on the ceiling was intriguing."
Elena said, "Speaking of dinner, it's time we head in, so we can get lunch started."
She picked up Aurora, and headed in. We followed. They went into the kitchen and assembled sandwiches for everyone. I decided to change the conversation to be more about their daughter, and how Tony would be the godfather. We left mid-afternoon, but with an invite for them to visit us at the hotel in two days. They would be our guests.
Back at the hotel, we changed to our swimsuits, and headed to the pool. I checked out what others were wearing on the way to the room, so I could wear a skimpy, but allowed, swimsuit. I also collected suitable sunscreen for Tony and I. My towel had a subtle pattern to it, that was difficult to see, but it hinted at raw sex.
We claimed a pair of lounging seats, and then went into the pool. I immediately headed for the deep end, and with a few hasty steps, I jumped up high, and dove in, as though I had a diving board. I got more than halfway down, so I swam a little to touch the bottom, then I swam the length and back at the bottom before surfacing with a smile.
Tony said, "Wow. No way I can do that."
"Why not try? Show me what you can do."
"Okay."
He backed off a bit, then ran and jumped to dive into the pool. He opted for a long jump, unlike my high jump, but did a good surface dive. He only managed to get to the far end before surfacing. So I swam on the surface to the shallow end, and joined him.
"Not bad. I swim nearly everyday, so I'm not surprised you don't do as well."
We played in the water, and soon joined some others for some group games. Eventually, we decided to exit, so after checking my exit point, I dove deep, then powered up, and pulled on the edge of the pool as I passed. I launched into the air, and did a flip, landing safely by the side of the pool. I then walked to my chair, and lay down on it. Meanwhile Tony was climbing the ladder, and he saw it all. After he lay down, he looked over at me.
"Show off."
"Guilty."
"How the hell do you do that?"
"I swim fast from the deep, and as I surface, I use the edge to propel myself even more into the air. The flip and landing is just simple gymnastics. But without the height, you couldn't do it."
"Could I do it?"
"I really don't know. It needs a lot of strength in the arms, as gaining speed is hard while swimming. Fins might help speed, but would make the landing tougher."
"Well, let's put on the lotion, so we don't get sunburn."
I got up, opened the lotion, and went behind Tony. I didn't quite give him an erotic massage, but I clearly aroused him as I applied it. When I finished, I asked him to put some on my back. I then lay back down, and undid the back of my top so he could access all of my back. He did, and he also accessed the sides of my breasts, rubbing the lotion all over. I gave some low moans to encourage him.
At night, we went out to dinner, at a place recommended by the concierge. While it was quite nice, it was also obvious that it was a tourist trap. The only locals I saw there worked there. I also recognized a few people from the trip to the pool. This night's outfit was pure silk, and was designed to show a lot of skin without actually showing anything. Yet, it left nothing to the imagination, especially the fact I wore no panties or bra.
The next day, Tony's first side trip occurred. We were going on a tour of a mezcal plant. We left early, and traveled through Chilpancingo, the capital of Guerrero, where we were. Then on to the plant, and a guided tour. They took us to the agave fields, through to the final production. Mezcal is similar to tequila, but from outside the area the law allows tequila to be made. We got a tasting of several varieties, and even got to taste some pozole during lunch. While Tony was busy, I made a visit with a salesman, and ordered two cases of assorted mezcal shipped to my home. He was going to be surprised on his next birthday.
We opted for a hotel restaurant for dinner, before going to bed. We didn't have sex, as Tony wanted to be well rested for Miguel and Elena's visit. But first, we went to their church for Aurora's baptism, and Tony stood forth as one of her godparents. On the way back, I asked Tony if we could stop at a mall to shop for a new crib for them, as theirs was in poor repair and old. As we weren't meeting them for another hour, he did. I suggested he buy bedding and a souvenir blanket for the crib, while I scoped out the cribs. I would meet him out front.
He went off, and I headed to select a crib. After I found one, I headed for the gift card area and picked up twenty gift cards to this store, and ten more from assorted other stores I recognized. I made sure Tony was not about when I went to pay for them. The clerk was impressed that I spread about ten thousand dollars into the cards. They were even more surprised that my credit card cleared easily. While I carried the crib's box in my arms, I had already put the gift cards into an envelope in my purse. We made it back with fifteen minutes to spare.
While Tony ordered room service to bring up munchies and drinks, I went into the bedroom, and set up the crib. Since the door was closed, and Tony could not see, I used my powers to get it set up in five minutes, including the blanket Tony bought.
I came out, and seeing Tony was no longer on the phone, I said, "Crib's set up. Blanket's on it as well."
"Great. Food will be up in a few minutes. Might arrive before them, or not."
With that, I put the sound system on, with soft instrumental music. The food was still being set up when they came. We waited a little for the staff to leave, and then Tony asked them to follow him to the bedroom.
"I have something to show you. A belated present, if you will."
Miguel said, "Oh?"
"Yes. Follow me."
They followed him, and I followed them. When they saw it, they turned to us.
Elena said, "For us? Why? How?"
I spoke up. "When you changed her, I saw the state of your crib. It was old, and so worn, that I felt it was dangerous, so Tony and I bought you this much safer one."
Elena said, "It looks expensive."
I replied, "Far less than a week-long vacation here. Don't worry, I can afford it and more, easily. Miguel, why don't you and Tony bring it out, so Aurora can be with us, and sleep if she wants to. Elena, tell them where to put it."
Elena said, "Oh! Why not right next to where I sat?"
Miguel and Tony lifted it, and brought it out of the bedroom, and placed it next to Elena. Then she put Aurora in the crib.
"This blanket is so nice."
Tony said, "I found it at the same store, and thought it looked good. Think of me, when you use the blanket."
Elena and I fussed over Aurora a bit, while the guys got settled down. We all nibbled on the food, and drank as we chatted for another hour. By that time, Aurora fell asleep. We chatted on.
We just had an early dinner when Miguel got a phone call. He quickly left the room, and we could hear that it was trouble. Conversation died, as we waited for him.
He returned and said, "Elena, the cartel is making big trouble. They need every Federal Policeman they can get. I got to go."
Elena said, "Must you?" He nodded, and she looked worried.
I said, "We'll get them home safely."
Tony asked, "You want a sheriff? I'm volunteering."
Miguel replied, "I'd love to have you, but I don't have any equipment to lend you."
"Then we'll help on the home front. Go in peace, knowing your wife and daughter are safe."
"Thank you." He then quickly left.
A few moments later, Elena asked, "How will I get home?"
Tony said, "We'll get someone from the hotel to drive you."
"Why don't you call the guy that took us to the restaurant?"
"Right. Thanks, Daisy, for reminding me."
Tony called, and after, said, "He'll call when he's here. Maybe ten minutes."
"Pack up some of that food for Elena and Aurora, and I'll repack the crib."
Elena took the sleeping baby out carefully, and signaled for me to go ahead. I quickly ducked into the bedroom to get the box, the packing, and the tools, and got the crib back in the box before the ride called. We escorted Elena to the car, and instructed the driver to take care of her. I gave him a huge tip, and asked him to reassemble the crib for her. As Elena got in, I handed her an envelope.
"This is for Aurora's needs."
When she looked back at me after seeing so many gift cards, I held my finger to my lips.
"Tell Miguel later. Again, I can afford this easily, so accept it for her."
She nodded. We then shut the door for her, and they drove off.
On the way back to the room, I said, "You volunteered to help him. How serious were you?"
"Quite serious. That call every cop fears. It means they are desperate."
"I see. Then we shall go help him."
"Huh? They don't have any spare equipment. And you're not even a cop."
"I am a former agent, however. Will you deputize me?"
"I can, but what good will it do? We have no equipment."
"Let me worry about that."
"Very well." He took a calming breath, before asking, "Will you swear to uphold the law under my command for the purpose of aiding Miguel in his current need?"
"Yes."
"Very well. You are now my temporary deputy. Now, about that equipment?"
"I am a priestess. You know I have some sex magic, right?"
"Yeah..."
"Well, I don't serve just one goddess. Nor have you seen much of my magic. I prefer to keep it low key. So, first, a badge."
I cast a simple fetch spell, and called his badge from his stuff, to my hands.
"Huh? That's my badge! How?"
"Hush. I need to study it."
Actually, I needed to scan his memories for how a deputy badge looked. Focusing a bit, I got it, then edited the image to have my name, and agent number. Then I summoned metal with Everest's help, and suddenly, I had a deputy badge. I handed both to him.
"Take a look."
He studied it a bit, and eventually said, "Wow. That sure looks real."
As he examined it, I focused on recreating a pair of bulletproof vests. His looked like what he had back home, and mine was the same. Each had a name tag with our names. However, they were made to duplicate the agent vests I used before, as they were rated much better, and I had already practiced making such. I made these behind him, so he wouldn't see.
Since his tactical uniform was close in color to what they used locally, I made us both tactical outfits. I added steel-toed combat shoes, then a weapon belt. However, it only had a holster for a gun, but no gun. It takes too much time to get the precision for a weapon like a gun, and the ammo needs even more precision. Easier to use what falls into our hands. But there was a nightstick, a pair of steel daggers, and the rest was filled with obsidian daggers. The last were weighted to throw. Lastly, I added a pair of helmets.
He saw and heard me doing other things, and asked, "What are you doing now?"
"Look behind you."
He turned, and said, "Shit! How? Never mind. Are these real?"
"Very real, and also effective. The vests are agent ones, not your local cop ones, as they are better rated. Come, let's dress quickly."
We both dressed, and as he checked out the weapons, he said, "No guns?"
"Too complex for speed, and any mistake could be lethal. Daggers are easy, and those stone ones are sharper than a scalpel. For me, they are as lethal as a bullet, but silent. I know you can use them."
I next went to the balcony, and said, "Stand next to me."
I closed my eyes, and focused on where Miguel was. I had read his mind while he was on the phone, so I had a good idea of where to start. I soon found him.
"Found him. Now for a prep spell." I then cast the one to make our arrival unnoticed. We weren't invisible, but no one would remember we weren't there a moment ago.
"Done. Now for transportation." This took more focus, and I was careful. Suddenly, there was a portal in front of us. I grabbed Tony's hand and pulled him with me through it. He looked back, and saw it disappear.
"How?"
"As I said, magic. Don't tell anyone, please."
"They wouldn't believe me."
Suddenly, we heard gunfire. We both ducked. I pulled Everest's power into myself to make my skin as impenetrable as stone.
"Trust me. Follow me."
He did, and I led him to Miguel.
I whispered, "Raise your visor, and call him."
"Psst. Miguel. It's Tony and Daisy."
It took a second try before he looked.
"What are you two doing here?"
"You said you would love my help. Daisy wanted to help also."
"You're not even local police."
I interrupted, and said, "Just tell them you brought two cops from up north. They won't question it until afterwards, and if it ends well, they won't make a fuss."
"But if it ends badly..."
I said, "It won't."
Suddenly, more gunfire came, apparently from a machine gun.
Someone nearby swore, and added, "We can't get near while that's here."
I pulled in some of An's power to speed up my nerves. They glowed a little, but were hidden by what I wore. I then pulled in Inanna's power to get her battle sense. This let me have a more intuitive sense of combat. I then pushed it out to the assorted cops I could see, so they would share in it. I then waited for the right time.
There was a brief burst, sending dozens of bullets off to our right. That's when I popped up with a dagger in my hand. I threw it, not at the operator, but at the weapon. I followed it with my mind enough to push it right into the end of the barrel, without looking. Then I dropped back down before anyone could target me. As expected, the weapon was pointed at where I had been a moment ago, and they fired.
There was a small explosion, and when we looked, we saw the barrel was curled back, and bent. Clearly the weapon was now useless. The operator was so close to the explosion, that he was on the ground, screaming from the pain.
I quietly said, "Gun's down. Shall we press on?"
Almost at the same time, someone down the line said, "Move quickly, before they recover." We all eventually got closer. As I saw, and recognized more cops, I extended Inanna's power to them also. There were a few skirmishes, and Tony and I collected a pair of guns each, as well as some spare ammo. We were leading the attack, as we were the furthest in.
Well, as reinforcements, we helped the local cops. However, they sent for some as well. The first we knew of it, was when a drone flew overhead and hovered.
Someone down the line was reloading, and noticed. "Hey, who's drone is that?"
Several looked, and another got on the radio asking. After hearing back, they said, "Hey everyone. That's not ours. Shoot it down."
We all scrambled, and I tried to find who might be benefiting from the view. My tattoo pulsed, drawing my attention to one side. I wasn't able to do much before they cut loose on us. It started with a grenade. Few were hurt, and as it was the side I was on, I decided to put up a shield. It was far enough away, that any more grenades would bounce off. In case one exploded when it hit, I anchored it to the nearby buildings.
Two more grenades came, and the shield kept us safe. Then came a rocket. They had a bazooka. It exploded when it hit the shield, and the anchoring walls were destroyed. We also were hit with the blast wave, but it was weakened. However, as I was still magically connected to the shield, I felt it more. Thanks to Everest's enhancements, I wasn't physically injured, however, I was knocked unconscious from the magical blowback.
They made the expected decision to fall back, and Tony grabbed me. He headed back to the command post, where there was also a medic that could check me out. The others, however, continued the attack, but from another point. Tony decided that he could not get back on his own, due to the open area that was now under threat.
I came to a few hours later. That's when I got the bad news. Those reinforcements from the cartel wound up killing or capturing the contingent we had been with. The only good news was that there was no sign of Miguel, so he was likely a captive. The cartel then retreated into the wilderness, and the locals decided not to follow in force.
I raised my hand to my head, feeling my headache.
"Daisy, you're awake!"
I recognized Tony's voice. "Ow, my head."
"We were hit by a rocket. I don't know why we survived, but it knocked you out good."
"Oh."
I was quiet for a moment, listening. It was clear I was hooked up to some machines. Opening my eyes, I then looked about. Tony was by my side, but I had several sensors hooked to me. There was even an IV.
"Can you read my chart to me? I want to know what they found."
As he moved to read the chart, he said, "More like what they didn't find."
Eventually, he read it to me. The IV was to keep me hydrated, and the sensors were to monitor me. They found nothing wrong with me, except for the fact I was unconscious. They were still waiting for some tests to come back. I sat up in the bed.
"What of Miguel, and the fight?"
Tony told me what happened, and that Miguel was missing.
"Have they learned where he's being held?"
"They haven't told me. I did call Elena, and offered our help, limited as it may be."
"Good. I need to learn where he is. I will see to his rescue."
"It will have to wait until the doctors clear you."
"Then I shall deal with that. Give me a few moments."
I closed my eyes, and focused on my body, using Inanna's healing sight. The only thing not healthy was my mind, and that was because of the magic blowback. I could tell it was something that would go away on its own in a few days, but I chose to focus and use her healing abilities to clear it. It only took a few seconds, as it wasn't much that needed to be fixed.
I then started to disconnect myself. I started with the IV, and I briefly focused on Inanna's healing, and the minor wound was healed instantly. The sensors I just removed from my arms, chest, and head. Some of the machines started complaining, so I started turning them off.
A nurse entered the room quickly, and said in Spanish, "What are you doing? Get back in bed!"
Replying in Spanish, I replied, "I am now well. I am leaving now."
"The doctor has not cleared you yet."
I used a whammie on her, while saying, "The chart says there is nothing wrong with me."
She went and read the chart, "Well, they are waiting for tests, but you are right. I guess you can leave, but it is irregular."
I got out of bed, and took off the gown I wore. Now naked, I went and opened the closet. The nurse was scandalized, but I ignored her. I then dressed with the clothes in the closet, leaving the vest off. My badge was still on my shirt. There were no weapons there. I closed my eyes, and felt for my sword. The link indicated it was nearby. Turning my back on the nurse, I cast a fetch spell, and it appeared in my hand. I slid it into my belt, and told Tony it was time to leave.
We left the nurse in the room, and I asked what had happened to his weapons.
"I turned in my weapons to the others when I went with the ambulance. They took yours at that time. Hey, is that a dagger? How'd they miss that?"
"They didn't. It is much more than a dagger, and it has a spiritual link to me. I used a spell to fetch it, like I did your badge. Let's see if we can find out where Miguel is."
We went back to our hotel, and once there, we looked up what happened, according to the news. This let us know which agency was handling the case. Then we looked up where they were located. Tony and I had the hotel shuttle take us there, and we went in to look for the one in charge.
As we entered, I pulled Tony aside, and said, "Wait with me a moment."
"What's up?"
"I'm going to find where to go, but I won't be asking."
"How?"
"Hush..." I closed my eyes, and focused, listening with my mind to the others about, and within a few seconds, I got a name, and in a few more seconds, a location. I opened my eyes, and looked at Tony.
"Let's go. We want to see Captain Xavier Morales, on the third floor. Follow me."
I used Isis's power to reduce their notice of us, and led Tony right past a number of officers, and even past a security check, to get into the staff-only part of the building. Then I led the way to the third floor. When we got there, the captain was busy.
I whispered to Tony, "Let's wait by the wall, and see what we can overhear."
He nodded, and we waited, listening. However, I was doing my listening mentally. When I found someone with information, I scanned a little deeper, to get more details. The captain was still busy ten minutes later, but I had what we needed.
Whispering, I said, "Tony, I have what we need. Let's go to a break room to talk."
"Huh? They barely talked about the details."
"Come."
I then headed to an unused, small conference room, and after Tony entered, I closed and locked the door. I also set the blinds closed, so no one would see what we were doing. Tony sat and waited for me.
I said, "Observe." I then created an illusion on the screen, as though I was projecting something.
Tony looked from the screen to the projector, and said, "How are you doing that? The projector is turned off."
"Magic, an illusion, but fairly accurate." I walked to it, pointed, and said, "Here is where they think he is. The compound is located here..." I changed the illusion to a map, and pointed to it, as well as the route to it. "They think there are a number of people held prisoner, and we can get there in a little more than an hour."
We spoke for another ten minutes, and I had to explain that I had the ability to hear thoughts, and that plenty were going about with Captain Morales running his investigation. I updated the illusion several times, as Tony had various questions. When we finished, I opened the blinds, and we left the building, but out the back. There, I whammied the attendant, and he gave us the keys to a pair of vehicles suitable for going into the jungle. We fueled up, and left.
"Wow, stealing cop cars from their own lot." It was clear Tony was bemused that I could do this.
"Just borrowing them."
On the way, I used An's power to call for a thunderstorm where we were heading. About an hour later, I slowed down, and Tony, right behind me, also slowed. I opened my senses to the life about me, looking for human life. Additionally, I used my other senses to directly sense the road, so I could cut my headlights. I still had my running lights, but was going slower. When I sensed someone ahead, I stopped and cut my lights when Tony stopped.
I got out, into the light rain, and walked to his SUV. "Tony, there's someone ahead, keeping watch on the road." I handed him another weapon belt, just like I made before, and said, "As you turned in your weapons, here are some more. I'll walk on ahead, and take care of the watchers."
I then walked into the jungle, and then used Isis's flight ability to close silently, and from above. There were two people in the shack. I focused on their minds, and found both were killers, and had killed a number of people for the cartel. Rather than let the law handle them, I called on An's power, and pulled down a lightning bolt to the shack.
The shack was not protected, so the bolt took out the radio, and also hit one of the two. The other got hit by the thunder of the adjacent bolt, and was knocked out. A fire started, but I used An's power to keep it from fresh air, and it went out quickly. Noting that one still lived, I hit him with a bolt from my hand. While not as powerful, by far, it was more precisely aimed, and so killed him. Given the evidence, everyone should think they died in the storm from lightning.
I returned to the road, and before I came into view, I dismissed Isis's wings. Walking to his car, I said, "The advance guard has been taken care of."
"You sure?"
"Yes. And it will look natural. Don't worry about it."
I could see he was a little troubled. But I just went back and turned on my running lights. A mile later, I pulled off to the side, stopped, and cut my lights. He did the same.
At his door, I said, "We are just outside the compound. I will go in first, and do my best not to kill, unless they shoot at you or me. It will get ugly. I want you to hang back, and follow. You can collect some weapons from the ones I take out. Oh, and you will see me fighting at a level you have never seen before, so don't stare. It could get you killed."
"You are going in by yourself? Everyone will gun for you."
"That's the idea. But they will have a hard time lining up a shot, and this armor I wear is not the only armor I have. I also have magical armor. I will also apply some on you before I go in."
"Are you sure? There are probably over a hundred in there."
"I am sure. Now, to your armor." I then cast an armor spell on him, and another on me. Then I pulled in An's and Everest's powers to enhance my body. I got out my weapon, and caused it to go from dagger to sword. I also activated the sharpness enchantment.
I then ran to the entrance, and it was barred. I sliced a hole in it before they even realized I was there. I then ran to the side, and when I neared, I jumped up onto the wall, and ran into the guardian on the wall there. I was fast enough that I could knock him out with a kick, then I dumped him inside the wall, weapons and all. I figured Tony could collect the weapon. Then I raced to the next one along the wall.
In less than a minute, I had cleared the wall of cartel people, and also sliced their mounted weapons. Tony had followed cautiously, and was just entering through the hole I made. Enough noise occurred, that the place was spilling cartel people all over. Returning the sword back to dagger form, I put it back in my belt. I waded into the largest cartel group, and used martial arts to take them out. I used Everest's power to double my effective weight, and also to strengthen my muscles.
Soon, I was knocking them out, or sending them flying. When a group went down, I went for the next one. As I ran here and there, many tried to shoot me, including at least two machine guns. My speed meant they missed most of the time, and I used that to my advantage. Many of their misses hit their own cartel members. I took out the machine guns with my obsidian daggers, like I did earlier in the day.
I was running out of minions when the leaders decided to leave. So, in the middle of my fighting, I also called down lightning to hit their SUVs. Both flipped in the resulting explosions, and I made a special effort to capture them. Finally, no one was shooting at me. The few that were left surrendered. Tony used the zip-ties from our SUVs to tie them up. Then he watched them, while I went in to rescue the prisoners.
Miguel was hurt badly, but bandaged, and stable. So were several others from the battle. But there were nearly a dozen others being held for ransom. After freeing them, I had the most able help the least, and had them go to the compound's motor pool. There were enough vehicles to get all the prisoners and the leaders back to town. The rest, who surrendered, we put in the cells and locked them in. Then we left, heading back to the city. All told, the cartel stronghold fell in under an hour.
We headed back to the building where we got the SUVs from, and parked in a line in front of it. We told the first cop we saw to get Captain Morales, then send for some paramedics.
He ran back into the building, and soon the Captain came out.
He shouted for quiet, then shouted for information on what this was about. One of his own spoke up.
"Captain, we were rescued. We also have some cartel leaders, and there are more cartel personnel still there, waiting to get picked up."
While the captain was busy, I told Tony it was time we left.
We got back to the hotel late at night, hit the shower, then went to bed. In the morning, we missed the complimentary breakfast, but we didn't care. The sleep was needed. We decided to stay at the hotel rather than go to the beach. Once room service sent up a late breakfast, Tony started asking me many questions. I told him that I was able to access magical battle enhancements, and that is what he saw.
That afternoon, Miguel knocked on our door.
"Hello Tony, Daisy. About last night, I have some questions."
Tony said, "Ask her. She was the one that did all the unusual things."
I said, "Tony, why don't you call room service and have them send up some food and drink? We may be talking for a while, and the drink will help lubricate the conversation."
He nodded, and went to another room.
I turned to Miguel, and asked, "Did you tell anyone about us?"
"Not by name. But they may think to get fingerprints from the SUVs. I wanted to know what really happened before I said more about you."
"I see. It starts with the fact I am a priestess. You may not have heard of Inanna, but that is who I serve mostly. I serve several others, also."
"Inanna? Isn't she the sex goddess from those Nigkala fantasy films?"
"She is, and more. Like the films, she is a goddess of sex and war. That latter is why I am so good at combat. I also spent several years as a special agent for my government, but I am semi-retired. I am on-call should they need me, and I think it worth my time. So I do have some law enforcement training, even if not quite what I implied."
"Does Tony know?"
"Some, but by no means all. He learned a lot about me last night. Most of which I would like to keep secret."
"Then why risk it rescuing us?"
"I like Tony. You are Tony's friend. You also have a wife and child that need you. I felt it was worth it. If you don't mention you saw us, they will wonder what happened, but will not connect it to us. If they do, so be it. I have ways to dissuade them from bothering me."
Just then room service arrived. Our discussion waited until they left. We started eating, and drinking, and continued talking.
Miguel said, "When they interrogated the leaders, they said they could not escape because lightning hit their SUVs. I saw two burning SUVs, and they could have been struck by lightning. But why would it hit them and no one else?"
"Must have been a miracle." I smiled.
We could feel the sarcasm when Miguel said, "Right."
"Well, priests are known for miracles." I then winked.
Tony, watching, said, "What, you caused it? How?"
"I did nothing." Then holding my hands a foot apart, I caused a bolt to go from one to the other. "See? Nothing." The smell of ozone suddenly permeated the air.
Tony, with eyebrows raised, asked, "Does your goddess let you do that, too?"
"No, she's more intimate, both sex and combat. An, is a god of air, and he is known for things like lightning bolts. I also serve him."
"Oh..."
Miguel added, "These gods are real?"
"Oh yes. Some of the old gods have made a resurgence, and I have become of interest to them. From them, I have a number of magical abilities and senses. I also help out gaining converts, but I do it with a low profile."
Tony, shaking his head, looked at me, and said, "I've known you for years, and this is news to me."
"Like I said, low profile." I then smiled at Tony.
We talked for another hour, and when Miguel said it was time for him to go, I asked him to wait a moment.
"Why?"
"I wanted to ask if you were well, or still injured?"
"I'm banged up a bit, but I'll be okay in a week or so."
"I also have healing abilities. Would you like me to take care of your wounds? It won't take long."
He sat back down, "You can do that?"
I got up, and moved beside him, as I said, "Yes. May I?" He nodded.
I then focused on his body with Inanna's healing sense, and noted his problems. I saw the obvious trauma, but he also had some issues that were clearly older. Placing my hands on his shoulders, I used her power to address all the issues, including his eyes, which were nearsighted.
It was only a few minutes, when I said, "All done."
"That's nice. All the pain is gone."
"My pleasure."
We escorted him to the door, and said goodbye to each other. Tony and I talked well into the evening, and we sent for more room service. I emphasized my keeping things secret as a way to avoid harassment or investigation. Eventually, he agreed to keep my secret. We went to bed early, and had sex.
In the morning, we resumed our schedule, and went on another sightseeing tour, this time of archaeological things. We learned that the area had many Aztec sites, and one nearby even had a visitor center to show off some of the artifacts. As we went through, we took some pictures. Later at the souvenir shop, I picked up some 'authentic' jewelry, as well as a pair of books about the Aztec culture. We took the extended tour, and saw a second site, where we got to see how the artifacts were processed. Tony and I watched, through a thick glass window. We saw them carefully extract the artifacts from a few feet away.
Tony was surprised I understood what they were doing. I told him I had done some archaeology in the past. I explained a number of things as I answered his questions. I also noticed several others paying attention when I spoke.
We relaxed on the way back, and went swimming. I noticed Tony liked the bikini I chose to wear. We decided to return to the Aztec Palace, and we appreciated the art more this time. That night, we went on a midnight cruise, that let us see the stars from the ocean. It was a nice relaxing time, and when we returned in the wee hours, we went right to bed.
The next day, we again went to see Miguel and Elena for dinner. By unspoken agreement, we didn't discuss the fight with the cartel. Instead, we spoke a lot about Aurora, her new crib, and their plans. Tony promised to video call at least once a month, maybe more often. Elena found time to thank me in private for the gift cards, but she was worried about how much they held. I reassured her I could afford it, and wanted her to be secure in the knowledge she could provide for her child.
We spent two more days there, before we returned home. He called one of the guys, and they sent one of the junior cops to pick us up, and bring us back to the precinct. I wore an Aztec outfit on the way home, so the guys at the precinct got to see it. I also showed one of the books with pictures of Aztec art, and recreations of their weapons. After a bit, Tony drove me home.
In the morning, I created an Aztec outfit for Tony. When it was ready, I called Tony, and asked him to visit. When he came, I let him in, without letting him see what I was wearing.
"So, what did you want to show me?"
I closed the door, and revealed myself to him. "You saw this already, but I also made one for you. Follow me."
"Interesting."
I led him to my bedroom, and invited him to change. He did, and when he looked in the mirror, he saw himself as an Aztec warrior.
"All I need is one of their clubs."
"You mean a macuahuitl?" I then folded the towel on the dresser back, revealing a case. It was made of wood and glass, and inside was a macuahuitl.
"How?"
"I did some internet research to get the specs, and then designed it for you. Careful with it. The obsidian blades are very sharp. That's why I left it in the case."
I then folded it back some more, and behind was another, that looked almost the same.
"This is a LARP version."
"What's that?"
"One you can use at a LARP. Live Action Role Play. People use all sorts of fake weapons, and pretend they do what the real ones do, and act like it happened. So if you were hit by the LARP version, you would at most get a bruise. But you pretend to be hit by the real thing. Perhaps claiming your arm was cut off, or your leg was broken. I can take you, if you want to watch, or even partake."
"You do that?"
"Yes. I got a Valkyrie suit of armor, and weapons. Not only do I get a lot of requests for battle, I often get requests for nookie after."
"Oh. They do that, too?"
"No. But if done discreetly, it will be ignored. Add to that my priestly abilities, and I can get away with a lot. But I do keep it discreet most of the time. Some, however, want to be caught, and I let them."
A few weeks later, I took him larping. I made him a Robin Hood outfit, and I went as Maid Marian. He had fun fending off would-be sheriff's men, while I played her, also wielding a sword. I was his prize that night, out in the open, under the stars. And there were several watching from the nearby trees.
= = = = = = = = = =
I love getting your votes.
I would also like to hear from you.
Leave a comment!