Lacey had completed her first task of the week by getting several men on camera checking out her ass and cameltoe at the gym. It led to some great sex, with the excitement between us growing each time Lacey did her job.
Her second task of the week was a little harder and more daring. Lacey was to expose herself to a random stranger (not at the gym), and catch it on video. Not only would she have to set up the situation but try to figure out a way to record it without making it obvious. Little did she know that I had planned a gimme for her on Friday.
Before I left for work on Wednesday, Lacey asked me if she was to continue the gym exposure for the rest of the week as well. "Feel free to keep it up if it excites you," I replied. "Just remember our standing rules during the work week. Be naked or in a negligee when you are working from home. No masturbation or any type of sexual activity without videoing it and sending to me for approval. If you can get those guys at the gym worked up, I'm all for it, as long as you document it for your boss."
With that I headed for work, not sure if I would be getting any new messages from my wife. Sure enough, Lacey texted me a video right before lunch.
Lacey: Hey Boss, see attached video regarding my latest assignments. If anything needs improvement please let me know so I can be the best employee you have ever had!
I closed my office door and opened the video. Lacey was on the couch in our den at home, and she had propped the video camera on a chair in front of her. I could see she was completely naked and based on the size of her nipples, extremely horny.
"Hi Boss," Lacey said into the camera. "I am so hot right now that I have to masturbate. If it is ok with you I'm going to give you my report while I get myself off. I couldn't get a good video today so you will have to be content with my oral account." With that, my wife spread her legs in front of the camera and started to massage her clit with her fingers. It wasn't zoomed in, so I could make out her movements, but still see her whole body and face in the shot.
"I worked out this morning and wore the stretch pants you love and my sports bra top," Lacey reported. "Things started out as normal with my workout routine. After I had built up a good sweat, I noticed the same three guys behind me again. They were in the same positions as yesterday and were checking me out again."
Lacey's other hand began pinching and twisting her nipples. The assault on her pussy continued as well, with more of a stroking movement. She appeared to be flicking her clit, then trailing several fingers through her pussy lips, with a quick insert, and then pushing down towards her asshole before starting the movement over again. Her head was tilted back and she was squirming her hips on the couch.
"I wanted to tease them some more but not to make it obvious," Lacey said. "I thought that if I faked a leg cramp it would give me an excuse to stretch in front of them. I stopped my stepping on the eliptical and reached down and grabbed my calf. Getting off the machine, I made a show of limping slightly and then bending over in front of the older gentleman. He had a great view of my ass, and the cameltoe my protruding mound makes in the stretch pants. My front was facing the two college boys, so they got a good view of my cleavage, even while restrained in my sports bra."
Lacey was now getting a little short of breath as she was describing the action. Her nipples were fully erect and she was now pinching and pulling them roughly. It looked like she had at least two fingers inside her pussy and maybe three. She was working them in and out at a good pace.
"Before I had a chance to realize what was happening, the college boy that spoke to me yesterday was behind me," Lacey said between moans. "He bent down, his face level with my ass and put his hands around my calf. He said let me help you with this, and started massaging my leg. I had already felt my pussy getting wet from my thoughts and actions, so I knew he could see my wetspot and probably smell my arousal. His hands were strong and his touch shot little electric shocks up my leg. I got lost in the feeling for a second, then told him I was all good and the cramp had subsided. As he pulled his hands off me, he let one hand trail up my leg and across my ass cheeks. It was intentional, but he played it like a normal movement with standing up."
With that Lacey started cumming on the video. I could hear her repeating "oh shit, oh shit," leading up to her letting out a scream, as she worked her fingers in and out of herself in a frenzy. She was bucking her hips up to meet her hand. Slowly she started coming down from the orgasm, removed her fingers and licked her juices from her hand.
"Wow, that was powerful," she said. "I looked up and the older gentleman was gone again. I was so horny at this point that I knew I had to leave and come right home so I could masturbate for you. I thanked the college kid and told him I thought I needed to go and get some ice on my leg. He smiled at me and told me he would see me tomorrow. With that I came straight home. Hope you like my report."
Lacey cut off the camera, and I was left with a raging hard on. I still had a big project to complete so I knew I would have to wait for tonight to get off. My wife would be in for a second workout of the day when I got home.
Thursday came and went. At the end of the day, Lacey called me at work.
"Boss, I need to give you an updated report," Lacey said. "Nothing new at the gym today as I was concentrating on how to complete my second task. I felt like the situation escalated a little quickly yesterday, so thought I should back off a little from teasing the guys there. My problem is that I have tried to expose myself, with little success so far. The best I have done is maybe gotten the grocery clerk to see down my blouse but I'm not sure if he got a view or not. I figured I would have gotten some reaction if he saw my breasts, but none. Plus, I couldn't get it on camera, without being obvious. Wanted you to know I was trying, and will work hard tomorrow to make it happen."
"I'm very pleased with your work so far Lacey," I said. "This is a very important task for your job so make sure you get this done by the deadline. In fact, stay home from the gym tomorrow and figure out what you need to get it done."
With that we hung up. It seems like my assist was going to be necessary. I had ordered Lacey several new pairs of thong panties, and a new mesh bikini from an Australian Company that specializes in the smallest amount of material to be legal. I also ordered a mesh material pants that were to be used as a beach coverup, but could have some other uses under my plans. This package was to be delivered tomorrow morning to the house.
I purposely marked it as signature required and requested that they confirm the order by having the delivery driver request to see ID. This would put my wife in the position of having to answer the door either naked or in a negligee. Bonus would be that she couldn't just grab the package and close the door, she would have to interact with the delivery guy.
The next morning I was drinking my coffee at my desk when the first text arrived. It was the notification that my package had been delivered. I waited on the edge of my seat for my wife's text to arrive. A half hour passed and my mind was starting to question what had happened. Should I be worried about the delivery guy's reaction , or Lacey's? Should I run home real quick and check on her? What if she hadn't followed the rules this morning? Just as I was starting to doubt my power in this, the text from Lacey beeped onto my phone.
Lacey: Task 2 completed boss. See attached video confirmation and just text me back a reply if you need my services in your office when you finish watching this.
The video began with a lot of movement, as if Lacey was moving quickly through our home. I could hear the doorbell ring and then the camera got placed on the ledge in our foyer, facing towards the front door. The picture became stable and I could see Lacey come into the frame right in front of the door. She was wearing a blue sheer baby doll tee and a matching thong. The tee barely covered the top of her ass crack and left little to the imagination. It was pretty much impossible to wear a bra under this, and Lacey confirmed this by jiggling her breasts to the camera before opening the door. The following exchange is what I heard and saw next.
"Package for Ms. Lacey," the delivery guy said. He had not glanced up yet to see what was in front of him.
"Sorry I couldn't get to the door quicker," Lacey spoke. "I was getting ready for work in my bedroom, when you rang the bell."
I could see on the camera that he looked up from his clipboard at that point, and saw how my wife was dressed. He let out a low whistle before catching himself. He couldn't help giving her body a quick look up and down.
"Apologize ma'am," he stuttered. "I have a package here for you. I need you to sign for it, and also need to see a photo ID to confirm delivery."
"Why is that required," Lacey questioned.
"It is part of the shipping requirements placed with the purchase order," he replied, obviously staring now at my wife's breasts.
"Well, I'll have to go up the stairs to get my ID, can you wait here a second for me,"
"My pleasure," he said, with a smile on his face.
Lacey turned around and the camera caught a glimpse of hard nipples pushing out the sheer blue material of the baby doll. No wonder he had been staring. She now went out of view, probably heading for the stairs at the back of the foyer. The camera was still on the delivery guy as he quickly pulled his phone from his pocket. He fumbled with it quickly, but recovered and started either videoing or snapping pictures of what he was seeing. I can only imagine the view he was watching, as Lacey walked up the stairs (probably slower than normal). That baby doll would give her no protection. The delivery guy would have a full view of her thong covered ass the whole climb of the stairs.
She must have gone out of view, as he shut off his phone and put it quickly back in his pocket. I could hear him say to himself, "fucking amazing, can't wait to share those pics with the guys back at the loading area."
He straightened up quickly as she must have been coming back down the stairs. She briefly crossed back in front of the camera and stood before him.
"Here is my ID," she announced. "Where do you need my to sign?"
He handed her the package and the clipboard with the pen attached. Purposefully or not, she dropped the pen. I could see from behind as she stepped back slightly, and then bent over to pick up the pen. The driver's eyes went wide and I knew she had completed her task. Bending over made the baby doll fall away in front and gave him a clear view of her full breasts and hard nipples. She hung there for an extra second and then stood up and signed the form.
The delivery driver thanked Lacey, and then turned to leave. He gave one last appreciative glance back before the door closed. Lacey looked straight at the camera with a big smile.
"That completes task 2," she said, and turned off the camera.
I hammered out a quick reply text.
Me: I do require your oral services at my office. Congratulations on doing so well at your job this week and completing your tasks as required. That package contains your bonus for the week's work. Keep the items handy as we will be needing them over the next couple of weeks.
I put down my phone and contemplated how great this week went. I did feel that I was losing some control to Lacey though. As her boss, I would need to make sure next week that she was aware of her role, and that she knew who was in control of her during work hours. With that I eagerly awaited the blow job to come and next weeks tasks.