Piper counsels Josie on how to make a marriage work, after a thorough tongue lashing.
*
Josie McKellen woke up to sunlight filtering through windows without curtains. Through French doors it was like a supernova. Eyes trying to focus she hardly recognized her surroundings, this not being her home. A chill over her body she realized that she was still naked lying on her own fuzzy blanket. Sitting up swiftly supported by her hands behind her on the floor she looks around as if missing something important.
"Wrong direction. Over here." Came the sweet, toned voice of Piper Leann Cherry-Liberty, she too still quite nude, sitting on her carpet with her left leg arched at the knee as she rubs her upper thigh.
"Has Henry called?" Josie was worried that she slept through her husband's wake up call.
"Nope. Want to talk about last night?"
"You fucked my husband."
"We fucked your husband. I know I probably should apologize for that, but I'm not going to. Affairs are new to me, unlike you. Shared by my ex, yes, but never instigated on my own behalf. Now I know how stupid that was. Last night was lots of fun. I definitely needed to feel downright nasty. But let's not talk about my changes. I'm not knocking you, Josie. Strangely, I hope you and Henry work things out. I truly do."
"That was cruel what the two of you did."
"Was it? Anymore cruel than you seeing this Roman behind his back? Cool name, I hope he's buff in that Centurion armor. I can almost envision a hunk tearing pieces of body armor off just to get naked and claim what it is his. Don't mind me I can't stop touching myself these days." Fingers briskly rubbed her clitoris as if hoping Josie might be lured in for more. This sex thing was long overdue and now that her appetite had been realized she was craving more. Even that young man in the house just beyond her pools 10-foot privacy fence was looking good. Not really too thin and bushy haired. It was more of he looking than her through a telescope on his balcony. She could tell he was beating off though. Good for him. Glad to be of service in Piper's newly christened ideals.
"I had my reasons. What were yours for sleeping with my husband? Behind my back I might add."
"Pure and simple. I was drunk and horny. He was there. You walked out on him last night. He just walked next door. At least he had a destination."
"I should hate you."
"You like my pussy too much to comprehend hatred Josie." Piper winked, "I'd offer coffee but sadly I don't have any. I only just got into town a bit before meeting you two. Enough to polish off my first bottle of wine. I didn't even change, I wore my baby doll nightie all the way from my former home. I even stopped for gas, that was exhilarating. Trust me I needed to be drunk. Almost a four-hour drive from... Georgia."
"You're from Georgia?"
"Peachy me. Atlanta girl!"
"Can we... start over?"
"Exactly why I moved to Tennessee. Sure, I'm Piper..."
"No last name?"
"You a sports fan?"
"Ewww! Not even."
"Me neither." Piper smirked hiding her past, "Piper Cherry, formerly Liberty. Let's never use that last part ever again. I tried to toss it out the window at the state line. But dammit Liberty is part of America, so they tossed it back at me. Justice for all my heart shaped assets."
"Divorced?"
"Just... got things settled with the ex when papers were finalized, handed his folks the keys to our former estate and a check then hit the road. Well, dropped off my puppy at my sister Mona's, that went over well, she hate's dogs. Once that was done... open road. Starting fresh in a new place, I hope the move was good, had my eye on this home a while now from online realties, so I bought it a few weeks back. Nothing glamorous and fancy but it checks off the boxes I required." Time to face the music, "Look Josie... I won't defend my actions, but I have to offer my first impressions here. I'm not speaking about me, but Henry deserves better. I can tell how much he loves you. You even said last night how much you loved him, before you even knew it was Henry roughing you up. That is a beautiful decision."
"I meant it. I do love Henry... I just... needed more. I won't be seeing Roman again." Lie! "Want his number?" She faintly giggled then scowled, "Sorry."
"Don't be. As horny as I get I might. Is he cute in that armor?"
"I wouldn't say cute, he's in his early 50's. He's a football coach at Hillbilly High."
"Football?" NOPE! NADA! "Great! I thought you didn't like sports."
"I don't. I liked what he sported, and he chased me for a year before I gave into him. Once I did, I just couldn't let go. Best of both worlds I suppose." She laughs then realized that was not the time to be amused.
"Ah! Big goal post?"
"Nine-yard line he says. Seven before he fumbles. Roman can be as bad as Henry some days, but at least he offers me moments that push me. I miss my youth. Too be honest before Henry swooped me off of my feet, I was a little whore. Nympho on steroids if you really want to know the facts. Almost every night after school I was with another boy. Sometimes their fathers but we won't go there. I was young and not caring. Henry knocked me up and offered us, my babies a life so I latched on. I actually stayed faithful for the first ten years out of the eighteen we've been married. I snuck around a tad after that but nothing as ferocious as my teenage days."
"As tempting as Roman sounds, I'll skip trying to catch his pass. It's not even his age, I find all ages fascinating. Well, not too young mind you. Is his school really called Hillbilly High?"
"No." Josie snorted wrinkling her nose, "Horton-Dexter High School. It's a Nashville thing. We're all hillbillies here. Even if some of us barely have a twang."
"Gotcha! Well with our housing division named after big tits I'm not surprised."
"You have really big tits."
"I'm thinking bigger once I'm on my feet here. The inner slut in me says go for the backaches."
"Don't! Your tits are perfect. I'm the one that could use a fill up." She uses her thumbs to lightly jab her 34B's.
"I like them."
"Oh, they're ogled believe you me. I'm drooled over daily. As if that doesn't help my hormones." Now she giggled, "Are we going to be lovers?" Josie snickered.
"Never know. Long as I can share that man of yours now and then, without you thinking I'm stealing him."
"Are you?"
"Sorry to disappoint. I plan on being a swinging single for years to come. It's just nice to know I have choices. Trust me I WILL have choices."
"I think my marriage is over." Josie pouts lowering her gaze, "I can't blame Henry if he does request a divorce. I just worry about Dakota and Sable, our twins. They have the rest of this year of high school before graduating."
"Horton Dexter?"
"Yes."
"It gets better and better." Piper chuckles, "Horny Dexter? Really? Does Nashville have an ego thing going on?"
"Neal Horton Dexter built the school in 1962. Horton was his middle name."
"Ah! Does Starbuck's deliver around here?" Piper needed coffee.
"Grub Hub delivers. I have an app on my cell. I'll buy."
"No. I'll buy, I owe you this as the beginning of a truce. We both need a crude awakening I think." Piper crawls around toward the fireplace and picks up her cell from the bricks where she sat it last night. In her crawl Josie enjoyed her tight clam from behind. Sighing she kept her thoughts to herself. Bisexuality seemed to be more appealing by the second. "Let me look up and download the app. Besides you need to keep your line free in case Henry calls."
"He's taking forever. What time is it?" She looks at her own cell, "It's really 10:00? Thank God, it's Sunday or I'd be late for work."
"What do you do for a living? Henry for that matter." Piper asks as the download begins. While waiting she looks out her French doors leading to the pool behind her home. A shiny flash attracts her attention from the home beyond her pool. She knew the boy was spying so simply let him get his money's worth. Yep! Still beating off. She even opened the door back up for a morning breeze and patted her pussy for the boy to witness. Shamelessly she offers him a 360 as she listens to Josie.
"High school teacher, I teach English and classic Lit. Yes, Horton Dexter. That's where I met Roman. I... might need to consider a new job. Dang it! I love my students. I've been there for seven years now."
"Just set some ground rules for this Roman."
"I know him too well. He might take a pause on this, but he will still chase after me, and sadly I know me, I'll cheat again. Roman won't obey my rules for long. He does treat me well, but I can't say I love him when I worship Henry."
"Want me to talk to him?" Piper chuckles.
"No. Let me deal with Roman. Henry is a Game Designer. He works from home designing video games and such. Wonderful money but long hours. He loves his trade."
"Nerdier than I thought."
"Yes. A nerd soul but built like an athlete."
"I've noticed. Pole vaulter maybe."
"I love his pole."
"Not going to deny that. It did feel pretty darn good."
"I... think I'm okay allowing you to have sex with my husband."
"Don't panic... only when I feel needy."
"Good. We can't let our girls know about this."
"Um! That might be a problem." Piper leers out her French doors again. "No curtains. Travis, correct?" She points at the house behind her fence line only using a thumb over her shoulder.
"Oh fuck." Josie snatches up her clothing and runs out of sight to get dressed. "It never occurred to me that he could see us through the doors. I hope it was too dark last night to see by."
"Reflection of the sun might be masking us now. Oopsie! French whore door is wide open. Aw, well! He looks harmless enough."
"Aren't you going to get dressed?"
"Naaaa! Coffee black? Cream? Sugar?" She was ready to order.
"Large Caramel Cappuccino." Josie steps to the doors and squints to check if she could see Travis. "Fuck! Travis has his telescope out on his balcony. I swear that boy is... the students call him Perbert, his last name is Herbert."
"Ooooo! Zooming in and enjoying the show."
"That's not funny. He's the same age as my daughters. They go to school together. We've all lived here for years so they chat sometimes. His father passed a few years back, so my girls don't tease him as bad as some. He gets the short end of the stick at school though. As a matter of fact, he just got suspended. He was doing other students' homework for cash."
"I didn't have measurements for ordering drapes. I guess Travis gets another freebie tonight. My movers are delivering my things tomorrow early, of course I didn't pack drapes. I don't know I might just skip any curtains and blinds. I'm not shy. Okay, coffee is on its way. I ordered some croissants too from Dickin' Donuts."
"Dunkin' Donuts." Josie smirked, "I know what you meant though. Ever wonder if the bakers stick their dicks through the donut holes?"
"You're gross, you know they do. Cream filling is what bothers me." Piper laughs. Josie found it in her to ignore Travis and his bird watching. Chances are he had seen her before now. Probably even her daughters at some point. She even waved at Travis to be nice. He waved back, his other hand in obvious use. Josie simply sighed and mumbled, "Whatever!" beneath her breath.
"I wish Henry would hurry up. No offense, but I really need to brush my teeth."
"Yeah, not a bad idea. Pussy breath does linger."
"Hey!" Josie flips her off playfully. "You know what? I should hate you, but I don't. I hope we can become good friends."
"Behave and I'd like that."
"Me? You fucked my man."
"Yes, I did. You just gave me permission to do it again."
"Ugh! I have to let Henry. If I argue about it he's going to resent me more."
"Josie? Is it Josephine?"
"Yes. Please don't call me that."
"Josie... it's possible that last night has opened Henry's eyes to more than resenting you for still cheating and having his first affair with me. If you two can communicate better, he might even allow you to be with other men."
"Which means he can see other women? Not just you my sexy neighbor?"
"That's between you two. All I'm saying is if you two come to an agreement to love each other unconditionally you might just make your marriage stronger."
"It's a thought. Are you a counsellor?"
"I could be. I have some degrees under my... if I were wearing a belt."
"Really? Horton-Dexter High just retired their Counsellor. Carl Manley is looking for June Bredwell's replacement."
"Bredwell? Shouldn't it be Inbredwell?"
"She heard that all the time. Carl Manley is Horton-Dexter's Principal. He's a tough customer, keeps his school under a tight rule. He was a drill sergeant in the Army."
"Ball bat in hand?"
"They took his Louisville Slugger back to Kentucky."
"Ah!"
"Dammit Henry! Call me already. Should I call him?"
"Listen to your heart, then listen to your man."
"You should apply as School Counsellor."
"It's a thought. Let me get settled first."
"I'll call Carl and recommend you."
"You don't have to do that."
"Job will be filled fast. If I put you at the top of his list, he might slip you in under the radar."
"Fine. At least I can meet Roman."
"Oh, you're evil."
"Incarnate." She used her index fingers as if horns atop her blonde hair.
"Texting Carl now. Piper Liberty, right?"
"Um! No. I went back to my maiden name of Cherry. That name Liberty had to go."
"Bad marriage?"
"Murder." She wasn't lying. There was no need to bring her former past up, sadly Piper realized that there was no way of concealing her identity, but for now yes. Once this Carl ran her background check her career would be in question. Not even asking her father Senator Lane Cherry to have her background scrubbed was worth it, she was in the news on every TV station in the nation. It wasn't her fault her asshole husband was a murderer. Still, she knew his criminal acts would scar her for life. "Maybe, I need to rediscover me before getting a job Josie."
"Nonsense! Carl's a sweetheart."
"You just said he was tough. Old and crusty?"
"Oh, no! Surprisingly, he's not much older than Henry and I. I'm thinking 45. He's fit too. If he weren't my boss, I'd... shut my mouth while I'm ahead."
"Married?"
"Yes, he's married believe it or not. His wife Marjorie is very sick. Cancer!" She pulls up a photo of he from the local newspaper then shares it with Piper. "Beefcake am I right?" Agreed with a puckered lower lip.
"On one condition." Piper sighs thinking him handsome, "Tell him to let me buy him dinner while he's interviewing me."
"Oh, Carl would respect that." Josie frowns, "But I don't think he would meet like that because of his wife." They hear a car door outside distracting them. "Coffee's here. Want me to grab it seeing as you're not dressed." Only her shorts were back on.
"No. I got it." Piper hops up tilting her chin on her shoulder mischievously, "I've always wanted to tease a delivery man." Who was she kidding, Davon had her do it once a week. "Even I've seen those pizza exhibitionist videos. Let me have my fun."
"At least you don't have to look for cash."
"Darn. I never thought of that, I already paid with my card, tip included.". Oh, well." Josie follows loosely behind the goddess who opens her front door without care. Josie clung to the kitchen threshold to hide her topless nature. The Grub Hub delivery man bulged his eyes at her full-frontal nudity. "Hi! Sorry, the welcome mat gets delivered tomorrow."
"Wow!" The younger man explored her from head to toe.
"You have no idea how badly I need caffeine." She claims the coffee tray and smells the aroma, the croissants heavenly. "Orgasmic! I think I'll go play with myself now. Thank you..."
"Jesse?" Josie laughs, "Perfect! Just perfect."
"You two know one another?" Piper shifts a finger between the two connecting an invisible pair of dots.
"This is Carl's son Jesse."
"Hi, Mrs. McKellen. I like your friend."
"I bet you do. What are the odds? We were just talking about your father."
"I'm going to apply as Horton Dexter's new Counsellor." Piper flirted shamelessly not even hiding, "Put in a good word for me?"
"Absofuckinlutely!" Jesse whistled. "Dad is going to love you."
"Really? You think so?"
"I know so. Now I wish I hadn't graduated last year." He chuckled then wiggled his brows toward Josie. "Don't think for a second I don't miss you Josie."
"Aww! You're so cute." Agreed!
"Barely eighteen Piper." Josie frowned.
"Soooo! He's an adult." Nineteen actually!
"Can I take a pic with you to show my dad?" He drew his cell out from his pants pocket.
"JESSE!!" Josie snapped.
"Quiet down back there. Here, go drink your cappuccino." She turned to pass the tray to Josie, Jesse taking in her perfect heart shaped ass with just enough twerk for perk. "Jesse? Why don't we take a selfie together." He beamed from ear to ear and eagerly eased up close to her. Throwing her arm around his neck she leaned just enough to go cheek to cheek with the handsome young man. Her tit was right on his bicep skin to skin. Poising his camera above them he chuckled, "Say Chesty."
"Chesty." She snickered and patted his chest; the kid had chiseled pecs. "Mmmm! Work out much there Jesse?"
"I'd love to work out with you." He hissed under his breath.
"What was that?"
"Yeah. Me and dad work out at Lift KITty's. Me more than him, due to my mom's health these days. You should become a member." She didn't notice him snap a second picture tilted lower to get a good shot of her impeccable body. Hiding it behind him he disguised his mischief well. Not that she cared!
"I might just do that. Lift KITty's? Sounds kinky."
"Get in here." Josie grabbed Piper by her arm dragging her inside and began closing the door. Bringing his cell around and ready he took one last photo of her backside then gripped his tightening jeans along the crotch. With her tank top still, off he captured Josie's side boob too, nipple and all. For some reason Josie wanted the boy to witness more than he ever had before.
"I love my job." Jesse Manley darted for his delivery car sitting there in the driveway mind blown. Looking at her pics he felt like jerking off but waited. Instead, he sent a text to his best friend, well best five friends. Group text. He had to set his cell aside to drive off, the response was insane. "I have got to get her a job at the school."
"That went well, don't you think?" Piper giggled claiming her coffee from Josie who tosses the empty tray on her kitchen's island counter.
"Unexpected for sure. If that doesn't get Carl's interest nothing will. I can hear him now... Class? This is your nude... I mean new School Counsellor Piper Cherry. Anyone ever ask you if it's really Pop Her Cherry?"
"Lost that in college. Just before I met Da... ve." She altered Davon's name for safety.
"Dave was your husband?"
"Yep!"
"Do you have a photo of the two of you together?"
"Nope!" She bluntly puckered. "Past is behind me. Deleted, burnt, and bon voyage."
"Awww! You do know Jesse is going to masturbate over that picture, right?"
"I'm fine with that. Maybe his dad will too. Do you think he will still hire me after seeing it?"
"And all of Jesse's friends. Their friends. All of Nashville. And yes, Carl will still hire you. He trusts my judgment."
"Mmm! Maybe I can steal Blake Shelton from Gwen Stefani." Her eyes flared playfully.
"You love being an exhibitionist, don't you?"
"It's growing on me. To be honest I've led a pretty sheltered life." Lies as well! "I mean I liked flaunting but never nude." Mounting up! "Mostly because I didn't want to upset... Dave." By not doing it! It wasn't a lie however concerning her alone time, only when Davon had her show off. "That, and my family would not have been happy about it. Guess what? I'm 250 miles from all of them. Probably, not far enough but it's still enough to breath freely."
"Running from everyone?"
"If you knew my family you would too. How's that Cappuccino?"
"Delicious. Thank you." She smiles then switches to fidgeting, "Henry must be wanting me to pull my hair out."
"You're right. I overstepped my boundaries back there. Jesse seemed nice though."
"He is. He wanted to date Dakota, but at the time I thought she was too young. My girls don't act their age."
"I didn't at seventeen either. I still had braces back then."
"So does Sable." Josie sighed, "She's gorgeous but Dakota steals her thunder at every turn because of those braces. They look identical but Dakota has that cutesy model thing down to a science. Poor Sable has the same body, but she comes across more studious."
"Good grades?"
"Not honor roll but they keep a decent average. You don't have children?"
"Look at this body? Does it look like I've popped out a kid?"
"No, it doesn't." Josie pats her belly, "I might not have stretch marks, but I always feel subconscious of my tummy. It took years to get my belly this firm again."
"Well, I kissed that tummy for hours last night. I think it's very sexy."
"That's sweet of you to say. I've never been with a woman before. Did I... do alright?"
"As if I'm the sexpert. First time for me too."
"No way."
"Way! I just went with it. I'm pretty proud of what we managed winging it."
"Me too. Oh my God! This is hilarious. I... enjoyed myself."
"I'll tell you what Josie. I'll lick that twat any day of the week. Just practice being a good wife to Henry, okay."
"It seems so strange to have the woman who just had an affair with my husband defend him. I don't know what to make of you Piper."
"Well, it won't be an honest woman I can tell you that. Been there done that. Never again. I'm living life to the fullest now. No strings, just flings."
"I've learned a valuable lesson due to this. I truly do love Henry. I just hope... he can satisfy me like he did last night. He was... I can't even describe it. Porn star?"
"That would be me." Piper wiggles and spanks her ass cheek. "I mean... I know I could be. I've actually been offered big money to become one. Still might!"
"Do me a favor?"
"Sure. What's that?"
"Don't act this openly around my girls. They don't need to learn bad habits. They already are aware of Roman and I but they keep it to themselves. As much as Henry and I yell over it, the knowledge is impossible to hide. Add in the fact of rumors around school this past year. I really should have a talk with them over it. I dread their replies though."
"I am not going to promise that. I'm a free spirit now. Hate me if you want but I'm not reeling it in. I might even become a nudist. Saves on laundry."
"Fine! Just... do your thing. I can't lead your life. I apologize for trying."
"I will. And accepted!" Piper razzes her. Smirking Josie steps closer and flicks her own tongue right over Piper's. "Oh, you're on Wench." The Frenching kept them busy until Josie's cell finally rang. Pulling away from their entanglement Josie sighs at having to stop.
"I should probably save my marriage."
"Go for it. Counsellor's orders."
Answering her cell Josie grew nervous, "Good morning."
On the other end was a gruff exhale, "Morning."
"I'm sorry Henry. Truly I am."
"Same here. Are we working this out or what?"
"You... don't want a divorce?"
"Can you stop going behind my back?"
"Yes. I swear I won't cheat again."
Piper grinned evilly and leaned over her shoulder, "Except with me Henry. I love her tongue."
"Yeah? More than my dick?" He growled.
"That's a tough call. I love a big cock. Let's just agree to be there for each other. All three of us." Piper then kissed Josie's neck making her hide giggling. As Josie rested her elbows on the island bar talking things out, Piper admired her ass. Tugging down Josie's white shorts the only article she had put back on when Jesse arrived. Piper knelt down and kissed her bare bottom. Spreading her butt cheeks her tongue invaded Josie's crack taunting her butt pucker. Trying to talk became a battle, waving her free hand at Piper to stop. Nope!
"Henry? She's licking my ass." Laughter ensued.
"Being all neighborly, are you?" He chuckled, "You have thirty minutes. I'm jumping in the shower. Join me or you're sleeping on the couch tonight."
"In the shower? We haven't done that in over a year. Oh my God! I love this new you."
"Twenty-nine minutes."
"I LOVE YOU." Hanging up she drops her cell to the island with a clatter. "FUCK! I never knew how good that felt. Not even Roman licks my ass. He ate my pussy but found the anus just... too much."
"It's not so bad once you try it. First for me too. You guys are going to be fine Hosie."
"Hosie? Are you calling me a ho?"
"If the tongue fits, share it." Down into her clam Piper went, prying Josie's labia apart and digging her tongue in. Gasping at her invasion Josie hugged the island with awe and thankfulness. Both for Henry allowing this and his willingness to change for her. How much change remained to be seen.
"Mmmmm! I won't have enough time to pay you back." She whined moaning at Piper's dedication. With no reply it was obvious Piper didn't expect any returned favors. She just wanted to make her new friend edgy and horny as hell for Henry. Pay back enough. Making her cum on her tongue Piper withdrew her drooling lips then bit Josie on the ass cheek leaving teeth marks. "OWWWWWWW! You bitch that hurt."
"It was all that talk about braces. Brace yourself Hosie, I think Henry is going to fuck you all day long. I just wanted to leave my mark on you." Standing up Piper rubbed Josie's ass, "Just like my teeth, let it all sink in."
"Thanks Counsellor Cherry." She giggled, "Ten minutes to spare."
"Ooooo! Living on the edge of the Doomsday Clock." Piper shoves their coffee cups over and hops up on the bar fanning her legs wide, then proving her limberness by pulling her feet behind her head. "Oh, look I'm my own prisoner. Help me! Help me!" She dramatically sounded like Scarlett O'Hara calling for Rhett Butler.
Laughing Josie dug in eating Piper one last time, fingering her until the new neighbor drowned her face in a massive squirt. Wincing at Piper over the bridge of her nose Josie mumbled, "You're such a bitch."
"Takes one to eat one. Go get your man." She waved Josie away. Keeping her leggy pose until Josie slapped her clit hard. Running away giggling Josie grabbed the rest of her clothing, took her cell and headed home. She took the risk of going out topless. It was liberating in broad daylight. Their neighbor Darren on the flipside of her home saw her but she shielded her chest with her tank top. At the stairs she flashed him for two seconds. A smile shared it made his day. It was a good thing Darren's wife Lindsey wasn't outdoors or all kinds of hell would have been raised. Big momma Lindsey was a chunky butt and hated it when her hubby looked at other women. What she didn't know wouldn't hurt her. It wasn't like Josie wanted Darren. A tease now and then was harmless. Even in teaching she often teased her students. Sometimes a bit too often but it kept her from cheating with anyone but Roman. With her daughters attending that school she tried her best to behave but there were moments that she simply refused to hide. Short skirts were comfy and Principal Manley did often encourage her to show more leg. Gladly! Her students worshipped her. Probably a bit too much. First Jesse Manley, now Darren.
"OH, THAT WAS SO WRONG. I've never let my neighbors see me... well, probably Perbert but never intentionally before today. God, I hope he doesn't spread seeing me around school. Wait! Would that be so bad? Ugh! The girls can't... I'm so messed up right now. Just focus on your marriage already." Darren disagreed with her assessment. Nothing more would be said over it. Heading indoors Josie needed to cool off her hormones. A shower did sound good.
Hurrying inside Josie didn't even bother to wipe her face of Piper's flood, letting it air dry in her close timing. Wanting to be right on time to avoid confrontation should Henry's new persona suddenly become cross, she entered her home and shut the door. Hearing the upstairs shower, she panted from her sprint. In taking the staircase on her second wind she whipped her carried clothing aside and let them fall to the steps. At the top of the stairs her white shorts were abandoned. For a mother who always complained to her kids about leaving things lying around she just didn't care. Opening the bathroom door of their ensuite she observed Henry behind the glass doors of a double sized shower stall. Even in the fogged-up glass she could still recognize his magnificent build. Taking a moment to smile and hold her hands to her heart she thanked God for Henry's forgiveness.
"YOU'RE TWO MINUTES LATE."
"Shit!" She mumbled, "I thought I was right on time."
"Get in here."
She wasted no time in opening the door. Before she could effectively step in Henry snatched her to his chest and passionately kissed his wife. It was then he tasted Piper. Shrugging it off their emotions took over. Even without closing the shower door Henry grabbed his wife's ass cheeks and lifted her up against the back wall and held her there as his erection pierced her pink veil. Thinking him to have planned a tender moment she melted into his embrace. How wrong she was. Pinning her hard against the tiled wall he hate fucked her. In his forceful thrusts Josie cried out her most intimate wishes of "HARDER HENRY! HARDER." As if she had to, he was already running on nitrous. Using his chest to hold her firmly he released his left hand and reached up to grip her hair yanking her head back so that his lips could storm her throat. Passion yes, aggression definitely. Her mate had returned to her in primal form.
A grateful pussy applauded his girth with warm tight constrictions while a thankful cock shot fireworks of adrenalin and cum deep inside her. Expecting an emotional apology in the form of kisses, she was proven wrong. Pulling out of her he let her feet hit the shower floor before whipping her around and taking her from behind. Josie McKellen recited her wedding vows word for word. To love, honor, and obey. Yes obey. They went old school.
"FUCK YOU MRS. McKELLEN." He snarled and rammed her so hard her jaw dropped, unable to breath with water in her face. Making it worse he drew her face directly under the torrent. Choking and moaning both he snapped, "BAPTISM! WE START ANEW."
"YES HENRY. WE START ANEW." She exploded all over his beast. As cold water began spoiling their fun the two lovers shared a holding pattern, just standing there, dick lingering within her, arms wrapped around her chest, his face buried in her neck. Hearts pounding, they both knew this was the last straw.
"Thank you, Henry."
"I'm sorry if I've taken our love for granted. I can't blame you for looking elsewhere."
"Nor I you. Piper is incredible. Enjoy her all you want. I'd like too as well."
"Roman Crandell? Really? Roman Crandell?"
"He's good in bed. I... I'm so sorry Henry."
"My eyes are open. Meeting Piper was a sign, I think. From now on we do things together. No secrets. No going behind my back, we tell each other everything and talk it through."
"I agree."
"If... you want to fuck Roman more... go for it. Just know I'll be planning on meeting a few hot chicks too. Can we agree on being openminded?"
"Is this really the man I married?" She twists within his grasp to explore his eyes. His gaze was more confident than ever.
"Still here... just more understanding of your needs. Mine too I think."
"You... liked fucking Piper, didn't you?"
"Supermodel, of course I did. The term Blonde Bombshell comes to mind."
"So, did I. I can't believe I like women as much as men. I love you, Henry. Forever! I swear to you I never ever want a divorce. Being transparent can only help us cope, correct?"
"Ditto! No fuck ups Josie."
"NEVER AGAIN."
"Again?" He acted as if he misheard her. Guiding her back to the wall he reached over and shut down the water. "Legs up." She leaped into his arms for another round.
"I LOVE THE NEW YOU!"
"I love the old you."
Okay, this round was love making.
********
One house over Piper concluded her own shower and wrapped her only towel around her body, faded yellow but quite appealing over her lightly tanned flesh. Hair wet she brushed her teeth and spritzed perfume. Feeling alive again she brushed out her hair enough to look presentable, she felt lazy all of a sudden. Prowling her kitchen, she realized she still had uneaten croissants and unwraps one digging in. "Mmmm! So good."
As she inhaled her meal the doorbell rang. "Hmmm!" Expecting no one especially not considering she only knew the McKellen's she shrugged, "COME IN." It was probably Josie coming back to fill her in. To her shock a stranger entered popping his head through the door. Wearing a concert t-shirt and a jean jacket, a reasonably tall boy with wavy hair and sunglasses waltzed right in. She stood speechless with her last bite of croissant poised to her lips.
"Hey new neighbor lady."
"Ummm! Hi new neighbor boy?"
"Nice towel."
"Connecting dots here... you must be Knox. Maybe the Slipknot t-shirt gave you away."
"That's me. Word spreads fast."
"Lamb of God. Big fan. You were playing them last night."
"A fellow metalhead. Awesome!"
"In This Moment..."
"Maria Brink... one bad bitch. Sexy too. Just like you are."
"No... in this moment you caught me at a disadvantage. I was expecting my new friend Josie." Not really, unless things went badly next door.
"Not any McKellen... I just wanted to say hi. I saw you outside last night by the pool. Not to mention you fucking Mister McKellen. That was bad ass. Loved the nightie. Nudity even more! Killer body chick."
"My favorite." She humors him. "What else did you happen to see?"
"Ohhh! A whole lot more than Mister McKellen fucking the shit out of you? Your scissor session with Mrs. McKellen was awesome to watch."
"My first-time scissoring... did I do okay?"
"Hot as fuck! You two rubbed your twats raw."
"Did you pop popcorn before watching your porno?" She smirked. "Extra butter for lube?"
"Naaa! I wasn't going to drop by so soon, until I got this..." He lifts his cell to show her the pictures Jesse Manley took. Nudes travel fast and Jesse didn't even send him the pics. One of their friends had. Jesse and Knox didn't really get along. She grinned sheepishly while stepping closer to view them.
"He takes good pictures." She was not even mad over the sneaky one Jesse took.
"You're sexy as hell."
"So, I'm told. Are you expecting something?"
"Not really. Unless you want me to be. Piper, right? Jesse called you Piper." Again, his friend relayed the name.
"That's me."
"Play a mean flute?" He pats his tented inseam.
"Only for rats, if you follow me."
"Nice comeback. I'm not here to try anything... I just wanted to see you in person is all. Worth it!"
"I'm happy you think so."
"Ever want to party I'm in that house right back there. I'll bring the Lambs."
"If I have trouble sleeping, I'll be sure to count on you. The wolf in the lamb costume."
"Damn! I love your sense of humor. Sharp as a tack."
"Oh, for God's sake." She drops her towel to the floor and does a 360 to let him see her full body. "Happy now?"
"Only when I have you missionary. Another time though. Gotta jet."
"Seriously? You're turning this down?"
"Hell no. I'll come back for that. I just have places to be. Keep on teasing Momma." He turns away leaving her stunned, hands on her hips. Who would have thought that hunky young James Dean would have passed on hot older pussy.
"What did I do to warrant that?" She sighed then giggled in the same breath, singing and dancing in step to the band Warrant, "She's my cherry pie. Cool drink of water, such a sweet surprise. Tastes so good, make a grown man cry... Sweet cherry pie, oh yeah... whatever punk. This Miss Cherry will remember your smug ass."
Boredom was a bitch.
So much for her new slice of life.
"Ugggggggggggh!"
What to do now?