Authors note: For context you should read the previous chapters. All characters are over 18 and fictitious. No similarity to any real person is intended.
***********************************
Sam woke up first. During their nap Elana had separated herself from her and was laying on her back still sleeping soundly. It was fully dark and the house was quiet. Needing to pee Sam climbed out of bed, careful not to disturb the young woman sleeping beside her, and headed to the bathroom. While she emptied her bladder she thought about the powerful orgasm Elana had given her a few hours earlier. She felt a little guilty about falling asleep without returning the favor. Determined to remedy that particular situation she stood and returned to the bedroom.
At college she had, on occasion, woken a sleeping lover by giving them a blowjob. While this would be her first time trying something similar with a female she thought she had a pretty good idea of what to do based on what Elana had done to her earlier. She reentered her bedroom leaving the bathroom light on for illumination. Elana was still on her back with her legs slightly spread. She paused a moment to admire the view.
Elana's pert, B-cup breasts were topped by dark pink nipples and were framed by tan lines which she found incredibly alluring. Her dancers body was tight and her waxed pussy was barely visible. It was also framed by tan lines which only seemed to make it even more inviting.
She carefully climbed onto the foot of the bed not wanting to awaken the sleeping woman prematurely. Moving closer she gently provided outward pressure against Elana's inner thighs causing her to stir but not fully awaken. It also produced the desired affect of her legs spreading wider apart allowing Sam the access she desired.
Sam's face moved closer to the first pussy she would ever lick. She smelled Elana's scent. It was similar to her own but yet somehow different as well. She began by slowly licking up the length of the sleeping woman's slit using just enough pressure to part the lips as her tongue passed. After several passes Elana let out a slight moan and began to stir. Sam also began to feel wetness against her tongue. She continued in the same fashion a little longer as her partner drifted closer to consciousness. Finally taking her tongue higher she began ending each lick by flicking her tongue across Elana's clit.
"Oh my God Sam that feels incredible," a sleepy voice drift down to her.
Sam continued her slow exploration of Elana's pussy eventually arriving and the area between her pussy and asshole that Elana had first introduced her to earlier. Elana was fully awake now and making more sounds of obvious enjoyment. This being Sam's first time eating another woman she was really getting into it and started licking harder and faster. On one pass across the taint her tongue strayed too far flicking the rosebud of Elana's ass.
"Yes!" Elana huskily exclaimed, "I love it when my ass gets played with!"
Not wanting to disappoint she worked back down, deliberately flicking her tongue over Elana's lower hole, the moans growing louder as she did. Deciding it was time to finish her friend off Sam's lips moved to her clit as she placed a finger inside the now very wet pussy. Rather than focusing on the g-spot as Elana had done to her earlier, she moved it in and out while swirling it around making sure in the process it was thoroughly lubricated. Sam began to suck and lick Elana's clit feeling the tension building in the other woman's body and new her orgasm was approaching.
"God Sam, I'm so close!" Elana panted.
Hearing the need in her friends voice Sam decided to take her over the edge. Removing her finger from the wet pussy it had been toying with she sucked Elana's clit even harder and inserted the dripping digit up to the knuckle in her ass.
Elana's response was both instantaneous and volcanic. "Fuuuuucccckkkkk!" she screamed at the ceiling as her climax broke, flooding Sam's chin and breasts as she did. Sam continued to suck her clit and finger her ass until she felt Elana's hand forcefully pushing her head away and trying to scoot off her finger. Relenting, she let the other woman escape.
Once her breathing had returned to something close to normal Elana looked down at her friend. "You know, I typically don't like to be woke up by other people. You found the exception to that rule. Are you sure you've never done that before because you were amazing."
"No, it was a first for me but I have to say I had a really talented teacher."
"I think the student will quickly become the teacher if she's that quick a learner," Elana said sincerely.
"Come on," said Sam, "we're both sticky messes that smell like sex. Let's go take a dip in the pool to rinse off and figure out what we're doing the rest of the night."
Stepping into the bath, Elana relieved herself while Sam grabbed a couple of beach towels. The girls went out to the pool and dove in, swimming around a while before getting out of the pool and toweling off then settling down in the lounge chairs.
Elana retrieved her phone from her discarded shorts which were still laying near the pool and made a call home telling her mother that she would be sleeping over at a friends tonight. Once she hung up she looked at Sam, "I'm up for some naked public fun tonight, what about you?"
"Sounds great to me, have anything particular in mind?"
"We can talk about that but first its a quarter to nine and I'm starving, want to order a pizza?"
"Sure," Sam replied opening the app on her phone. Elana told her what she liked and suggested that she give instructions to the driver to bring the pizza to the backyard. Once the pizza was ordered she looked at Elana, "Now what did you have in mind?"
Thirty minutes later Sam looked at Elana and said, "I can't believe I let you talk me into this. I live here." They were back in the pool, both still naked.
"It will be awesome," Elana assured her. Sam just rolled her eyes. "We'll tell the driver we're house sitting and we don't live here."
"Still," Sam thought to herself, "this is pretty exciting." She was feeling the butterflies in her stomach again as they waited naked for the pizza delivery. After Sam placed the order Elana had told her that she had wanted to do a naked pizza delivery dare ever since she had first seen one on the internet. She also told Sam not to include a tip because she planned to take care of it.
Minutes later a car could be heard pulling into the drive. Sam's excitement increased markedly. Another minute and the gate in the privacy fence opened revealing a young man walking toward the pool carrying a pizza box. "Order for Sam," he said seeing the girls heads sticking up from the side of the pool.
"That's me," Sam replied.
"I'm starving," Elana added as she began swimming toward the stairs to exit the pool Sam followed in her wake.
The driver froze in his tracks, almost dropping the pizza box, as Elana exited the pool followed closely by Sam. Acting as if it was the most natural thing in the world the two naked young women went to the lounge chairs and began to towel off. The delivery driver was still standing in place starring with his mouth open.
Looking in his direction Elana said, "Just bring it over here," indicating the low table which sat between the lounge chairs.
Approaching the pair of attractive, naked young women the driver stated, "I've heard this happens but it's a first for me."
"It's a first for us as well," replied Sam, "I hope we're not making you uncomfortable."
"Uh no, no, gosh no," he answered as he sat the pizza box on the indicated table. "This is the greatest night I've had doing this crummy job."
"I don't know Sam," Elana offered, "He looks pretty uncomfortable to me," her eyes moving to his crotch. "In fact I'm surprised his zipper is managing to stay together."
The driver flushed red and attempted to conceal his obvious erection as he stammered, "s sorry."
"Don't apologize," Elana continued, "We would have been insulted if you hadn't gotten a boner. Unless you were gay of course but I'm getting the idea you're not. Gay that is."
"No, no definitely not," he rushed his reply.
"Well, since you're not gay and since my idea is causing you some rather obvious physical discomfort I think it's only fair to remedy the situation," Elana stated as she knelt in front of the stunned young man. Unzipping his trousers she added, "Now let's see what you're hiding."
Pulling out his erect cock Elana said, "hello there." It wasn't as large as some or as small as others, respectable would have been a good description. She gave it a couple of gentle tugs then wrapped her lips around it taking him fully into her mouth.
"Oh my God," he breathlessly responded.
Elana continued to suck his cock slowly for a minute then stopped and looked at Sam, "Why don't you give him something to occupy his hands," looking pointedly at her breasts, Before returning her mouth to the erect member in front of her she told the driver, "let me know before you cum."
Sam moved close to the driver and taking his hands placed them on each breast. He immediately began to kneed them and play with her nipples. Between that and Elana's exceptional oral skills in less than three minutes he exclaimed, "I'm about to cum!"
Elana pulled off of his cock and began jerking it just as the first spurt shot from it's throbbing head. It hit Elana in the face and she continued to jerk him off moving lower onto her breasts as she did. Once she had emptied his balls Elana returned the much less rigid cock to his trousers, raised the zipper and stood. Looking at Sam she asked, "would you mind helping me clean up?"
"Glad to," Sam replied as she moved to Elana and began licking the cum from her breasts. Taking her time she made sure to get every drop before working her way up to finally remove the last drops from her face. Finally she ended by sharing the cum she had gathered with Elana with a long, deep French kiss.
Once finished the two women turned to look at the stunned pizza delivery driver. "Thanks for the pizza," Sam told him by way of dismissal. The two women then sat and opened the pizza box pointedly ignoring the young man. Taking his leave he kept looking back every few feet with a confused expression on his face as he walked out of the back yard. Once they heard the car leave the driveway both women began to laugh uncontrollably.
After they had eaten Elana looked at Sam, "Any thoughts on where we should venture to tonight?"
"I've been thinking about that," Sam replied. The trail on the Parkway that runs by the creek usually is pretty deserted this time of night. There's also the Botanical Gardens. It's closed but the fence on the back side is low enough to get over. We would probably have to drive to it though. If we decided on the trail we could get to it from the golf course at the end of the street."
"Speaking of the golf course," Elana responded, "did that guard really have as huge a cock as you said?"
"Elana it the biggest one I've ever seen other than maybe a couple of guys in porn videos."
"If we went that way do you think we would find him? I'd really like to see it for myself," Elana admitted biting her lower lip.
Sam laughed, "He should be working tonight and based on my previous encounter I doubt he would have any reservations about pulling it out for you. With us both naked I'm pretty sure he would continue to pull it as well. We should probably wait until midnight before heading down there though. What do you want to do in the meantime?"
"Why don't we go for a drive," Elana offered. "We can take my convertible."
"You mean for us to go for a drive naked don't you?" Sam asked.
"Well of course, this whole naked where you're not supposed to be was your idea after all."
"True," Sam agreed, "although you seem pretty enthusiastic about it.
"Why wouldn't I be, it's a rush! Come on, lets go," Elana said as she grabbed her purse from the table.
"Slow down," Sam replied, "we need to get a few things first."
"Like what?" Elana stopping and cocking her head to the side.
"Well, depending on what we find that looks fun and interesting we should probably at least wear our shoes in case we want to get out of the car and explore. I at least want to take my phone along for taking pictures and videos as well."
"Elana thought for a moment, "Those are good points, "I'll be right back," she said trotting back into the house with Sam in tow. She gathered up the raincoat that Jim had given Sam on the golf course and headed upstairs. Sam followed Elana to her bedroom.
"You said you wanted to return this. Do you have anything like a small backpack? It would make it easier to carry," Elana asked.
Sam went into her closet and retrieved a sky blue backpack that she had used to carry books when she was in high school. She also grabbed her selfie stick. "Will this work?" she asked holding the pack out to her friend.
"Perfect, the selfie stick is a great idea too. Now run downstairs and collect up our phones. Grab a couple of bottled waters for us as well."
Sam did as she was asked picking up Elana's Vans as well. Placing the items on the bed she then went to retrieve her own running shoes. Elana finished loading the backpack, zipped it up and slipped on her Vans. Little did Sam know the raincoat, phones and water were not the only items the backpack contained.
"I'll carry the pack. Ready to go?"
"Definitely," Sam replied with a mischievous grin. Holding the selfie stick and grabbing Elana's hand with the other she pulled her out of the bedroom and headed for the front door. Picking up her house keys from a table near the door she handed them to Elana to be added to the bag. Locking the door behind them the girls headed to Elana's car.
Starting the engine Elana looked at her and asked, "Top up or down?"
Sam bit her lip and considered it a few moments, biting her lip as the familiar butterflies taking flight in her belly, "Down."
It was around 10:15 pm as Elana backed out of the driveway and headed up the street in the opposite direction of the golf course. She turned right at the end of the street onto a dark winding road. A quarter mile down she passed a street on the left.
"You do realize that was the last turn before we get to the highway and the only direction you can take is toward downtown," said Sam.
"Oh really," Elana replied, "I didn't realize that," the innocent tone in her voice making it clear that she obviously had known. Sam just laughed and felt her excitement ratchet up another notch.
Accelerating onto the expressway Elana let out a loud, "YES!"
"WOOHOO!" was Sam's enthusiastic reply.
Traffic was fairly light but there were still other vehicles around them. They would be visible to anyone sitting in anything that rode higher than a passenger car. "Hopefully we make the light about a mile ahead," Sam said.
"Hopefully we won't," was Elana's reply.
Sam laughed and eased her right hand between her legs feeling the growing wetness. "I hope I don't cause water damage to your seat Elana because I'm afraid before we're done it's going to be very wet."
"Don't worry about it, mine's soaked already," she laughed in return.
Topping the hill Sam saw that the traffic light was green and felt both relief and disappointment. It was, however, still close to three hundred yards away. Two hundred yards along it turned yellow. Sam and Elana grinned wickedly at each other and Elana maneuvered into the center lane and said, "This doubles our chances of someone noticing."
The butterflies in Sam's stomach turned into hummingbirds as the Audi slowed to a stop behind several other cars. The traffic light was one of only a few on this stretch of the highway and allowed access from a large office complex that occupied both sides of the road. It was also very well lit. Within moments they were flanked by vehicles on either side.
The vehicle on Elana's side was an SUV but no one was in the passenger seat. The vehicle that stopped next to Sam's side of the car was another matter entirely.
"We hit the jackpot on your side!" Elana exclaimed as one of the busses that met the public transportation needs of the metro area slowed to a stop, it's front end about a car length ahead of the Audi. There were few passengers that time of night but Sam could see a half dozen or so on her side of the bus. None of them seemed have noticed them yet. That changed abruptly as Elana laid down a long blast with the Audi's horn.
The horn startled Sam and she turned to look at Elana, "You scared the shit out of me!" Then Elana half rose off the driver's seat and began to wave toward the bus. Turning back to the bus she saw every passenger was now looking at them. She only thought she had been wet before, now it felt as if she was sitting in a puddle of warm water.
"Come on Sam, give them a better look!" Elana exclaimed from behind her.
Sam didn't hesitate rising off her seat and turning her body toward the bus she also began waving to the startled passengers. She saw one younger man turn away briefly and say something before turning his attention back to the two naked women in the convertible. Almost immediately the number of watchers more than doubled as the passengers on the opposite side of the bus joined those already watching.
Sam's excitement reached a new level with all those strangers eyes on her naked body. So into the moment that she was surprised when her body was forced back down into the seat as the Audi accelerated away. She turned to Elana, a quizzical look on her face.
"The light turned green," was Elana's reply. Both girls began to laugh.
Elana took the second exit off the highway which emptied into a different shopping village than the in which the girls had met earlier that day. Rather than enter the village however she made a quick left onto the road that passed between the zoo and botanical gardens. "I thought of someplace for us to use that selfie stick," she announced.
Turning onto the completely darkened entrance to the zoo Elana stopped the car thirty yards or so from the road, itself also unlit. "I first thought of sneaking into the zoo but I'm pretty sure they have security here incase something like a fire starts. Then I remembered you mentioning the Botanical Gardens across the street."
"Yes!" Sam happily exclaimed, "I've loved that place since I was a little girl. I'd love to take some pics or videos there naked."
"My thoughts as well. I'll take the pack, you grab the selfie stick."
The girls exited the Audi and cautiously approached the road. A roundabout separated the entrance to the zoo from the rear gate of the gardens. Once across it they would have to go over the decorative iron fencing around the gateway. This would be fairly simple since there was a low rock wall immediately in front of it and even Sam's short legs would cause her no trouble crossing it. Their biggest risk would be crossing the fifty yards between where they were now, in the concealment of the zoo entrance, and the fence. Fifty yards that also happened to contain a well traveled road.
From their current position they could see a full six hundred yards to their right so they would have plenty of warning of a vehicle approaching from that direction. To the left was another matter. Due to a bend in the road they could only see about two hundred yards. If a vehicle was traveling the speed limit that would only give them fifteen seconds or so to cross and get over the fence into the concealment of the gardens. Nobody ever drove the speed limit.
Listening several moments for the sounds of a vehicle Sam looked at her companion, "Ready?" she asked.
Elana only nodded.
"Go!" Sam exclaimed as she sprinted out of cover toward her objective. She was on the edge of the roundabout closest to the zoo when she heard the car approaching on her left. Looking in its direction she could see headlights but it hadn't yet made the turn onto the straightaway. Arriving at the fence she threw the selfie stick over, stepped onto the low wall, grasped the top rail and vaulted across. Elana followed just as the car turned onto the straightaway. Sam retrieved the selfie stick before running deeper into the gardens, the car speeding past just seconds later.
"Oh my God that was intense," Elana observed.
"It was quite a thrill," Sam agreed. "Between all those people on the bus and this it's been an eventful drive so far and we've only been out twenty minutes."
"I could definitely get hooked on the adrenalin rush you get from this Sam." Cupping the fingers of her right hand between her legs Elana continued, "judging by how wet my pussy is right now she could as well."
Sam reached down checking her own fluid level and laughed, "Oh yeah, I'll probably need some of that water soon. I think I've sprung a leak."
The girls followed a path to their right which took them to the Japanese Gardens which were only dimly lit by the moon above. Bamboo and thick evergreen trees prevented the intrusion of street lights giving the gardens a feeling of total isolation. Reaching a red arched bridge which crossed the end of a small pond Sam suggested, "Lets take a selfie here."
"Good idea," Elana agreed as she slipped off the backpack and reached inside it for a phone. Once the phone was attached and the stick extended the girls moved out to the center of the bridge. Arms around each others backs they pressed their bodies together. Feeling Elana's naked body against her own brought Sam's arousal to an even higher level. Sam snapped the picture, the flash briefly ruining their night vision.
"I really hadn't thought about that," Sam giggled.
"Yeah, me either," Elana agreed rubbing her eyes.
"Listen Elana, between licking the delivery guy's cum off you, being seen naked by a bus load of people and almost getting spotted crossing the road a few minutes ago I'm pretty worked up. Would you mind taking a video of me jilling off on this bridge?"
"I'd love to," she replied with a smile.
Taking the phone from Sam, Elana removed it from the selfie stick and moved a few feet away. Sam sat on the bridge her feet toward the other young woman. Spreading her legs she leaned back on her left hand and looked toward the camera. The bright light bothered her so she closed her eyes then reached between her legs, sliding two fingers inside her soaked pussy. She worked them in and out several times and once they were well lubricated slowly withdrew them and moved them to her clit.
She began by making slow, small circles around and across her sensitive nub. In her mind's eye she imagined she was doing this in full view of the bus passengers. Sam was in such a state of arousal that in no time her fingers were flying across her clit. After just a couple of minutes Sam's breath was getting ragged. She lay back on the bridge feeling the roughness of the lumber against her back. Her left hand no longer needed for support she brought her feet up close to her ass spreading her legs as wide as possible and crammed two fingers into her pussy rubbing against her g-spot as Elana had earlier. Reaching her climax she pushed her ass upward as cum gushed around her fingers raining down onto the bridge.
Her fingers slowed as her orgasm subsided. Finally removing them she lowered her ass back onto the bridge feeling the wetness from her orgasm on her cheeks. Elana stopped the video as Sam sat upright. Still catching her breath she said as she began to rise, "well that was certainly intense."
"What that was was sexy as fuck," Elana replied while handing the phone back to her friend. "If your fingers hadn't been in the way I bet you would have hit me with that jet of cum. Now that I think about it I sort of hate they were in the way."
Taking her phone back Sam pressed play and watched the video. If anyone that was familiar with the Botanical Gardens ever saw it there would be no doubt in their mind where it was made.
The girls explored more of the gardens and took several more selfies at different places. After about an hour Sam turned to Elana, "It's getting close to midnight. If you want to meet Jim we should probably head that way."
They made it back to the car without incident and headed back to Sam's house. Setting out for the golf course with the backpack and selfie stick Sam made them pause in front of Carol's mailbox and wave to the camera. To Sam's slight disappointment there were no close calls with passing motorists before reaching the relative concealment of the course.
Reaching the half way house and it's dimly lit tables Elana looked at Sam and asked, "What now?"
"I'm not sure," replied Sam. "Last time I never saw him approach and didn't notice he was here until after I came."
"Why don't we take a couple of selfies," Elana offered, "maybe the flash will get his attention."
"Good idea," Sam replied, "lets take one on the 9th green with the flag between us."
Elana took off the backpack and sat it on one of the tables before they headed over to the green. They took the first selfie as planned then after a short discussion sat down next to the hole. Positioning themselves at a right angle from each other they spread their legs with each of their pussies at the edge of the cup. After taking the picture they walked back to the tables near the building and Sam saw a familiar golf cart silently approaching. She became nervous worrying if it could be a different guard.
The cart drew nearer and Sam relaxed upon recognizing Jim's physique. Stopping within a few feet of the girls Jim looked at Sam arching an eyebrow, "they's two of you now?"
Sam answered, Hi Jim, this is my friend Elana. I told her about the other night and she wanted to meet you. It turns out she likes to be naked in unusual places just as much as I do. I hope you don't mind."
"Mind? Shit, if I was to mind seeing two pretty girls naked it'd be time for em to put ole Jim in the loony bin. It's always a pleasure to see you Sam, especially considering how much of you I gets to see. Goes for you too Elana. You two girls are somethin."
"Nice to meet you as well Jim. Sam's told me some, impressive, things about you," Elana replied looking pointedly at his crotch which was already beginning to display quite a bulge.
Jim chuckled, "Recon I do get carried away some times. Hard not to when theys a pretty young thing naked and diddlin herself on a picnic table."
Both girls giggled and Sam found herself blushing which, considering she was fully naked at the moment, seemed a somewhat strange reaction.
"Can we take a picture with you Jim?" Sam asked.
Jim smiled broadly, his white teeth standing out against his dark features, "sure Sam, goes back to what I said earlier. I'd be crazy to say no."
The girls stood on either side of Jim and turned inward to him slightly his muscular arms around each of their waists as their nipples pressed into his sides. His erection which had been obvious enough before was now impossible to miss. Sam held out the phone and took the picture then brought it around for the three of them to see.
Elana spoke first, "I love it but Jim, you look a little uncomfortable. Is something wrong?"
"No, nuthin wrong, why you ask that?"
Reaching out and brushing her hand across the massive bulge Jim's trousers were attempting to contain she replied, "Because this can't be comfortable. Why don't you take him out so he can breath."
Jim looked at Sam, "You may as well go ahead and do it Jim. I guarantee she isn't going to leave you alone until you do. It's my fault really for mentioning how, impressive, it is."
Jim shrugged his shoulders and unzipped his pants. Reaching inside he, with no little difficulty, managed to extract his already fully erect cock.
"Oh my God!" Elana exclaimed.
"Told you it was big," Sam shot back.
Jims cock was at least ten inches long and close to three inches in width.
"Can I feel how heavy it is?" Elana asked.
Jim looked at Elana then at Sam.
"She seems obsessed with the weight of body parts," Sam put in. "She had to lift my tits earlier to see how heavy they were."
Elana stuck her tongue out at Sam then looked expectantly at Jim.
Shaking his head he replied, "You wanna touch it I ain't gonna say no."
Elana reached out and wrapped her hand around the massive cock. Her fingers only managed to reach two-thirds of the way around it. Jim caught his breath. Lifting it slightly as if weighing it in her mind Elana said "this is the heaviest cock I've ever held." Elana's eyes were riveted to the massive member in her hand.
Breaking the moment Sam cleared her throat. "Jim, since you're very clearly excited and we're the cause of your discomfort would you like a little show to help you relieve your problem?"
Jim smiled again, "that'd be real nice."
"I have an idea about that," Elana said as she walked over to the table where the backpack sat. Reaching inside she removed the rain coat that Jim had previously given Sam, "first, we brought this back to you," holding it out to him. Jim took the coat and tossed it into the cart. "Second, as far as the show goes," reaching into the pack again she withdrew the double headed dildo from Sam's sisters toy collection and holding it up continued, "how would you like to watch us fuck each other with this while you jerk off? If that's okay with you Sam," she added.
The butterflies were back in Sam's stomach. She had no idea that Elana had that dildo in the backpack. This wasn't just letting a relative stranger watch her masturbate naked in public. This was letting him watch her have lesbian sex. The rational part of her brain screamed no. Unfortunately for the rational side, the naughty part of her brain was screaming yes even more loudly.
Elana moved close to her, lifting her chin and looking into her eyes, "seriously Sam, only if you want to." Leaning down she kissed Sam tenderly on her lips. Sam reciprocated the tenderness of the kiss, at first. Soon however she began kissing Elana more hungrily, their hands moving over each others bodies. Sam knew she wanted this. Breaking the kiss and taking Elana by the hand she led her to the green where they had taken the selfies earlier. Jim followed, already stroking his massive cock.
The girls sat down facing one another. A light dew had fallen and the short clipped grass of the green was cool against their bare asses. Elana took one end of the dildo into her mouth lubricating it with her saliva, a step Sam knew to be unnecessary since she was already soaking wet. Removing it from her mouth she positioned it against Sam's lower lips and began to move it up and down, slightly parting them in the process.
Sam let out a low moan which turned into a gasp as she felt the head of the dildo push inside her. Elana slowly worked the dildo in and out of her friends wet hole going a bit deeper each time. Finally reaching her desired depth in Sam's pussy Elana leaned back on her left hand and scooted her hips forward toward the other head of the dildo. Grasping it she lifted her ass slightly and in one motion her pussy engulfed the available length of the shaft almost reaching Sam's pussy lips with her own.
The two girls began grinding together, each feeling the dildo moving around inside them in response to the others motions. "Stand over here beside us Jim," Sam said, "and don't worry if you cum on us, we don't mind." Jim did as he was asked, the pace of his stroking increasing.
Both Sam and Elana were grinding against the dildo more energetically as the fingers of their free hand rubbed their clits. Their breathing was getting deeper causing their breasts to rise and fall, the thrusting of their hips causing them to move in a circular motion as they did. A squishing sound was audible from the two wet pussies as they worked the dildo in, out and around them.
After several minutes of grunts and moans Sam announced, "I'm about to cum!"
"Me too!" Elana responded.
Jim beat them to it. With a loud groan his orgasm erupted. He continued stroking his huge cock through it causing his cum to bathe the tummy and thighs of both young women.
Jim's first spurt of cum hit Sam's thigh triggering her own squirting orgasm which soaked Elana's pussy and ass cheeks. Immediately after Elana returned the favor, dousing Sam's nether regions in turn.
Spent, both girls collapsed on their backs breathing heavily. Elana was the first to speak. Rising onto her elbows and looking down she ran her hand from her thigh up to her belly feeling both Sam's squirt and Jim's thicker semen. "Damn Jim, that's a lot of cum."
Jim just chuckled as he tucked the deflating but still impressive member back inside his pants. "Couldn't hep it, was a good show," he replied.
"I'm glad you enjoyed it Jim," Sam replied as she slid off her end of the dildo, "I know I sure did."
"Oh I enjoyed it sure enough," he answered.
Elana made a show of licking the mixture of squirt and semen off her fingers then pulled the dripping wet dildo out of her own pussy. "That makes three of us then."
Making their way back to where they had left the backpack Sam took out a bottle of water. She opened it, took a long drink, then handed it to Elana who took a long pull on it as well. "Want a bottle of water Jim?" she asked.
"No thanks, I hate to cum and run but I'm behind on my rounds, gotta be goin. You girls come back any time." With that he got back into the golf cart and was gone.
The girls repacked the backpack, finished the water and set out on their return to Sam's house, reaching it without any further encounters. They did stop on the way to wave goodnight to Carol's security system. Once inside they went immediately to Sam's bedroom, kicked off their shoes and crawled into bed.
"I'm going to have to wash these sheets tomorrow," Sam said with a yawn. In less than a minute both girls were sound asleep.