Todd and Meagan had a big day planned. It had been years in the making, with a steady evolution of pushed boundaries and dropped inhibitions.
And now they were waiting for Willy to come over. It was Saturday, and Todd had pointed out that week at work that the two men had to organize their tools and equipment, and prepare for the next job that was starting soon.
Todd and Willy had been working construction since before they graduated high school. Having started out as laborers a few hours after school every day, and full days on Saturdays.
By now, 12 years later, they were both skilled workers with the collection of tools needed to accomplish their work.
When Todd and Meagan had married, with Willy as best man, and her best friend Beth as maid of honor, of course, they had found a suitable house to buy that they could raise a family in.
They got a great deal, as the house needed a lot of updates and general maintenance. Which Todd and Willy had taken care of in short order.
But as soon as the primary work was done, enough to make the house livable and safe, the two men had built a shed behind the house for all their tools and equipment.
It was actually more than a shed, it occupied a space which encompassed the area of the original shed, which had been a typical backyard metal shed most people keep the lawnmower in.
The building Todd and Willy built was closer to a small barn, because as they explained to Meagan, they had a few more things to store than just a lawnmower.
So they had developed a yearly ritual where they would spend a Saturday going through the shed, organizing, sorting, maintaining, all the things in their growing arsenal.
There would always be some beers drunk, and Meagan would cook up lunch. Willy was still a bachelor, a male slut Meagan called him, so he would never pass on a home cooked meal, even if it was just burgers on the grill.
Meagan's mother was coming to pick up their son. She had asked her to babysit so they could get the shed work done without distractions.
Jr loved his Unca Widdy, and the feeling was definitely mutual. And Jr would want to play with Willy all day if he could. And Willy just couldn't say no to him.
So Meagan arranged for her mother to pick up the boy so they could work. She had left out the carnality they had planned for later in the day.
When Willy arrived, Jr pounced on him like he always did. Willy quickly set down the case of beer he'd brought, and caught the boy at a full run from the front porch and flung him in the air like he always did.
Meagan felt her heart flutter seeing her son tossed like a beach ball, like it always did. But this time she knew it wasn't just motherly concern that caused her palpitations, it was also the site of the large muscular man, who was giving her son such joy. She knew that before the day was over, he would be giving her plenty of joy too.
Willy caught the boy in his strong hands and spun him to the ground. But dropped to his knees in the front lawn and at the last second he held back and laid the cackling child gently in the grass, growling like an angry bear the whole time.
Meagan shook her head watching them and told Willy, "You break my son big guy, and I will kick your ass!"
"Oh c'mon Meg, you know little boys are indestructible!" Willy replied with a smile. He left the tot slip from his grip and Jr jumped up and leapt on Willy, grabbing him around the neck.
Willy yelled out with fake fear and toppled over, pulling Jr down on top of him. Both of them yelling as if in a life and death struggle, causing Meagan to giggle at them.
Meagan moved to pull the two apart, "C'mon Jr, Gramma is going to be here soon." But of course the boy didn't care about that, he wanted to fight with Unca Widdy!
Finally Willy asked him, "Why is Gramma coming buddy? Are you leaving?" He asked with such concern that he actually got the child's attention.
Jr got a very serious look on his face and answered "Zoo!" Willy matched his serious look and shouted, "The Zoo? No way? You're going to the zoo?!"
"Yeah!" Answered the boy, having forgotten already how much fun Willy was. "Zoo!"
"Can I come to the zoo too?" Willy asked. "I want to see the animals!"
"No, just Jr." Meagan answered, "No Widdy allowed. They have enough animals already!" She laughed.
Jr laughed with her, whether he got the joke or not was anyone's guess, but it allowed Meagan to pull her son away from the fight and lead him into the house.
When she bent over to pick her son up, her tits, now a D cup since becoming a mother, hung low, right in Willy's line of sight. They jiggled nicely as she struggled with the rambunctious child, and Willy gazed at them hungrily, as she knew he would.
She had purposely stayed in her large Mickey Mouse tee shirt, without a bra. It was long enough to cover her ass, but still showed off her legs. And Todd loved to see her tits bouncing loose under the big, thin shirt. She figured Willy would like it too.
When she got the child loose from the fray, she led him to the door. Willy followed along, watching Meagan's ass sway under her tee shirt, and her firm, bare legs, the whole way. When she turned the corner in the doorway, she glanced over her shoulder and caught him.
Willy played it off like nothing had happened, but Meagan, having been already aroused, was encouraged by the look of lust on his face. She giggled and gave him an appreciative look.
Willy smiled back and gave her a look that said "What can I say?" Meg had caught him checking her out many times over the years.
Inside they found Todd tying his boots. "You ready to get some work done today?" He asked, "Or are you too beat up from fighting children?"
Willy tousled the boy's hair and answered, "I think I can work, he didn't beat me up too bad."
Todd lifted his son in the air and kissed him, telling him to be good for Gramma and have fun.
He passed him to Willy who also kissed him goodbye, along with a bear hug, before passing him back to his mother.
Meagan took the boy, being sure to brush a tit against his hand. Then went to finish packing his bag for the day, and night, as her mother had volunteered to keep the boy for the whole night so Meagan and Todd could have a date night.
Meagan had smiled, thinking that her mom would probably not approve of the date they had planned.
She promised the guys that she would be out to help after Jr left, and she changed into work clothes. With Willy looking the other way, she flashed Todd a naughty smile and a wink.
The men took their case of beer and trouped out the back door towards the shed, as Meagan finished packing Jr's bag for her mother.
As Willy was stocking the fridge in the shed, he was wondering what Meagan would be wearing when she came out. It promised to be a warm day, and he knew she would want to be comfortable, wearing very little.
While Willy was stocking up the fridge, Todd was going around to open all the windows and turn on the fans they had installed in the ceiling in lieu of air conditioning. He knew what Meagan would be wearing, he had helped her pick it out.
The men decided that Willy would work on some power tools that needed the cords replaced. They had built a workbench at the front of the shed for these types of tasks, and it was coincidentally right next to the fridge and a window.
Todd was going to sort through the shelves they had built, in order to take stock of the saw blades, drill bits and such, making a list of what needed replacing.
Meagan meanwhile was greeting her mother and trying hard to be patient with her need for chitchat. She was anxious to get out to the shed and start enticing the guys.
The guys in the shed each cracked open a beer and got to work on their tasks. Willy was glad he could work on the workbench. He had a nice breeze from a window, and the open front door. He also would have a great view of Meg when she came out of the house.
Todd was in between some shelves towards the back of the shed. He had steered Willy toward the workbench because he knew what a view there would be from the window and door. And he had a view of Willy through the shelves.
Meagan's mom and Jr finally left on their adventure, and Meagan ran off to her bedroom to change. Once there, she stripped off her old tee shirt and panties, and stood in front of the full length mirror, fully nude, looking critically at her body.
She had a few extra pounds around her waist, compliments of Jr. But her tits had gone up a cup size. She had been a C before, and now she was a D. She was told her waist and tits just made her a serious MILF.
She was told that by her husband, and by the fans she had acquired online, on the amateur porn site that her and Todd were members of.
Her ass and toned legs, she thought as she twisted her waist, were still pretty nice. At least Todd and quite a few of her online fans thought so. And Willy sure seemed to enjoy watching it out front earlier.
She had to admit that it was a little bit bigger than it was before she had Jr, but it was still rather firm.
At the thought of Willy and all the horny guys who checked out her posts, her hands went unheeded to her pussy. She knew she was already damp there. And she would be all day, until she got some satisfaction.
She worked two fingers just inside her lips as a finger on the other hand strummed over her still hidden clit. She heard herself whimper as she looked over her shoulder in the mirror and saw the open bedroom door.
She knew Todd, or even Willy, could come up the stairs right then and see her. Catch her. She knew she would hear someone coming, and she could hurry to close the door. But she knew she wouldn't.
The thought made her sink her fingers up inside herself further, as she imagined her husband, and his best friend standing in the doorway, staring with lust at her ass and legs.
They would see her face and the front of her body in the mirror. They would see her playing with herself. Would they just watch? Would they come in and get a better view?
Or would they just come in and take her? She imagined them joining her, one on each side of her, each sliding their hands gently over her body. Feeling up her ass, tits, legs, back and shoulders.
She moved one hand from her clit, up her body to pinch a nipple, as the four hands on her body became gradually more aggressive, going from caressing to groping.
She could almost feel the breath of a man on each shoulder, when her phone tweeted. Her initial thought was to ignore it, but it was the notification she had assigned to her mom, and her mom had Jr.
So with a frustration reminiscent of when she was younger, trying to masturbate when her mother would yell through her door for her to come do the dishes, or some other chore, she picked up the phone.
The text said that her mom had forgotten her purse, and was on her way back to get it. Meagan cussed under her breath and threw on her clothes to meet her mom in the driveway.
She found the purse, right where it had been dropped by the door, when Jr excitedly ran to meet Gramma. Meagan slipped into her flip flops just as her mother pulled in.
After seeing her mom and her son off again, she went back into the house and kicked her flip flops back off and pulled on a pair of socks and her hiking boots. She knew she would not be allowed to work with the guys in her flip flops, and frankly, the boots were cute with her cut off jeans.
It was just what the guys were wearing too, but Meagan's jeans were cut off shorter. Way shorter. In fact she was showing all of her legs, and when she bent over, she was showing the bottom of her ass too. And there was only a thin strip of denim covering her crotch. Enough to produce a serious cameltoe.
She made her way through the house to the back door, and out to the shed. She knew that she had been horny before, but now she was in an extremely high state of arousal.
She knew she had been very close to cumming whenever she was interrupted. She realized she would be even more flirtatious and naughty since she didn't get to finish her fantasy.
So, in retrospect, it was probably better that her mom interrupted her, she thought as she made her way to the shed. Glancing down she saw her nipples poking out through the thinnest bra and tank top she owned. The bra was also old. Which meant that it was too small for her, causing her cleavage to bulge at the top.
Willy saw her coming, and he noticed her tits too. From his vantage point of the window he looked up as soon as he heard the screen door. Her protruding nipples were visible from across the yard. "Wow girl!" He thought, "What were you doing in there?" He wondered.
She walked into the shed and went straight to the fridge for a beer, bending over to reach in, and to give Willy a good look at her ass, peaking out of her short shorts. Which he made the most of.
Meagan and Willy had always teased and flirted with each other, and true to form, Willy told her, "Honey, you shouldn't point that at someone unless you're planning to use it."
She turned and as she opened her beer she replied with her naughtiest smile, "Maybe I am planning to use it."
She took a swig of her beer and ran her eyes over her friend. Willy was a big, brawny man, and she felt small next to him. He wasn't as defined as her husband, but he was also not fat.
He had a days growth of sandy blonde stubble to match his shock of clean but unruly hair on his head. His seemingly unkempt look perfectly matched his rugged features.
She had turned her head to take the swig off the long neck bottle, and she noticed Willy looking at her lips wrapped around it.
Meagan's best friend Beth had been fucking him for years, and Meagan knew all about his sexual prowess, and his cock.
Thinking about it while she looked at him gave her a twinkle in her eyes and a vibe that he couldn't miss.
Willy was used to Meagan being flirty, but the look she gave him was almost like she was hungry for him. He felt an instant arousal, and knew instinctively it was going to be a great day. He just didn't know how great.
Realizing that Willy hadn't had a comeback for her quip, Meagan gave him a smile and walked away to find Todd in the back of the shed. It wasn't often anyone could leave Willy speechless, and Meagan knew she'd flustered the big guy.
She was sure to switch her ass as she walked down the aisle of shelves, knowing he was looking. She could almost feel his gaze, and it turned her on immensely.
When she found Todd, he showed her a photo he had taken from between the shelves of Willy looking intently at her ass as she bent to retrieve her beer from the fridge, and another as she walked away.
That excited both of them. But not as much as their next trick. Todd gave Meagan all their drywall knives and pans to take outside and clean.
Meagan knew that involved a garden hose and being in plain sight of the window where Willy was working. She gave her husband a wet, passionate kiss, and they were soon necking and groping each other.
When they came up for air, Meagan grabbed his tee shirt and pulled it off over his head. Todd thought for a second that she was going to fuck him right there and then.
But she just gave him a naughty smile and tossed the shirt over her shoulder and walked away, strutting her ass down the aisle with the drywall tools in a bucket.
When she got to the front of the shed, she said to Willy, "Todd's working up a sweat back there already." She set aside the bucket of tools and folded Todd's shirt and laid it over a chair by the door. "When are you guys going to put AC in here?"
"Probably never, we don't spend that much time in here." Willy replied. "But losing the shirt is a good idea." He put down the circular saw that he was replacing the cord on, and pulled his old Harley Davidson t-shirt off too.
Meagan looked at his broad, hairy chest and made no attempt to hide it. "Well, there are some perks to not having air conditioning." She told him, laughing inwardly at how easy it was to get his shirt off.
"Glad you like it," Willy answered, "now it's your turn." He was always flirting with Meagan, and she always gave it right back to him.
She pulled her eyes up to his and said softly, "Okay. " She grabbed the bottom of her own shirt and started to pull it up her body. When it was at the bottom of her tits, she had to laugh at the surprised, and delighted look on Willy's face.
She pulled her shirt back down and told him, "Oh no, you guys would never get anything else done if I took my shirt off too."
Willy knew she had been teasing him, and he had fallen for it. He laughed along with her. He couldn't stop his eyes from looking at her tits, but tried to focus on her face.
"I do envy you guys for being able to go around without a shirt. I think I will at least get rid of this old bra though," She told him as she reached around behind her back and undid the clasp. "It doesn't offer any support anymore anyway."
Meagan watched Willy's eyes as he watched her slip the straps of the bra off her shoulders and pulled it off through the armhole of her tank top. He looked pleasantly surprised, to say the least.
"That's much better, don't you think?" She asked him and hefted her tits roughly in the thin tank top. His eyebrows raised as he answered, "Oh yeah, much better!"
"You would still rather I took the top off too though, wouldn't you?" Meagan asked as she bent over to pick up the bucket full of trowels and knives that she had to clean. She took her time, allowing her tits to swing nearly unencumbered for Willy's viewing pleasure.
"Hell yeah!" He exclaimed. "What man wouldn't?"
"Well, gay guys wouldn't. But then again, maybe gay girls would?" She answered with raised eyebrows.
"Wow! Now there's a thought that will distract me all fucking day, thanks!" Willy said laughing.
"Yeah? You like the idea of a woman liking my tits?" Meagan pulled her shoulders back, pushing her tits out at her friend. "Would you like to see her playing with them? Sucking them?"
Meagan was now thinking about her friend Beth, and the very high probability that if today went the way she planned, Willy seeing that would be next on the agenda.
She wondered if Willy even knew that her best friend, whom he'd been fucking casually for several years, went both ways?
The thought of fucking them both thrilled her. She was already horny, but now she was ready to drop the game and just drag Willy and Todd inside, call Beth over, and have at it!
She realized that Willy had been talking to her. "Quit fucking with me! You love fucking Todd too much to switch sides!" She caught at the end. She caught him looking at her crotch, she knew her pussy lips were visible.
"Your right, I couldn't switch." She mumbled, then she brightened, "But if I at least checked out the other side, we could get pictures for you! Todd said you want to see more pictures of me!"
"Yeah you cou... Wait, what?!" Willy had started to agree with her, then realized what she said about Todd. He tried to talk his way around it. "What do you mean, 'Todd said I want to see more'? I didn't see anything!"
Meagan just had to laugh at him. "It's cool Willy! I don't mind that you saw those photos. I'm just glad I can still excite a stud like you!" She gave him a playful elbow to the gut.
Willy was dumbfounded. He had no idea that Todd had told Meagan about his seeing the sexy text she had sent to her husband.
"I, I didn't mean to see those pics Meg. I just figured that if you were texting Todd at work, it might be important! Like an emergency, or something!"
Meagan was now twirling her hair, swinging her hips, just giving off some serious, flirty vibes. Her face was gleaming with a devilish smile. She knew she had Willy flustered.
She still knew how to flirt, how to make a guy notice her. And she was enjoying herself toying with Willy. He was trying to apologize for seeing her naughty pictures, He certainly didn't want to admit how much he liked them.
But she was not going to let him go that easy. "Seriously Willy, I'm... I don't know, kind of glad you saw them." She admitted. "It made me feel sexy knowing that other guys besides my husband still think I'm hot!"
"I didn't, I don't think I said anything about your being hot. I mean, you are! But I don't remember saying that to Todd." Willy answered defensively.
"No, Todd told me you said I had a great ass. And the way you are having a hard time looking up at my eyes, I can tell you like the rest of my body too." She pressed her friend.
When he didn't reply, she continued, "I didn't feel very attractive after Jr was born, lots of women go through that" She told him. "But when Todd told me you got hard looking at my pics, it was a real thrill. I knew I was still attractive, still sexy."
"Wait, what? He told you I got hard?" Willy asked. He remembered his embarrassment that day. He had hoped Todd hadn't noticed his erection, and since Todd never said anything, Willy thought he hadn't.
"Yep, that's what he said. What, are you going to tell me you don't think I'm sexy?" She looked at his pants and was pleased to see the start of a bulge. "So I don't make you hard?" She practically whispered.
"You, your, yeah. Okay? You're still sexy, alright?" Willy exclaimed, finally giving up. "I've always thought you were hot. You know that. But you're also my best friend's woman. So..." He drifted off, not sure what else to say.
"So does that mean you don't want to see more of my photos?" She sauntered a little closer to him. She raised her eyebrows with the question.
"Well, fuck Meg, I told you I'm only human." Willy answered. He was starting to regain his footing, get some of his machismo back. "If you guys want to show off your sexy pictures, fuck yeah I'll look!"
"Well, we aren't sure yet." She told him. She saw his disappointment, then added, "We aren't sure what to show you. We have soo many pictures! Which ones do we share?
She smiled her naughty smile at him again when she saw his face brighten. She giggled and started for the door. Looking back over her shoulder, she told him, "Some of them Willy, are seriously fucking naughty!"
Meagan bent over and picked up her bucket of tools, giving him a chance to look at her ass again, and proceeded outside. She chose a spot in the yard where she knew she would be visible from Willy's window and set down her tools. Then she strutted up to the house and unrolled the garden hose.
For the next 45 minutes she kneeled, facing the shed, knees wide apart, showing the thin strip of denim pulled tightly into her crotch, and worked on the drywall knives and plaster trowels. She sprayed them with water and scraped them off, and sprayed them some more.
During the scraping, her tits bounced nicely, and during the spraying, she 'accidentally' splashed water back onto herself. Soon her white tank top was soaked from the water. Knowing that Willy was watching her from the window had her pussy soaked too. The strip of denim pulled tightly into her pussy just teased her. She wanted so badly to touch herself.
She knew she had him getting hard when they were talking inside. She wondered how hard he was now, watching her wet tits bouncing in the sunshine. Her hard nipples and dark areolae were plainly visible. Her short shorts were barely hiding her snatch, and her creamy white thighs were wet and spread wide. The hollow of her thighs, where they met her crotch on full display.
She had been posing for dirty pictures for Todd for a long time, and she had a pretty good idea of what she looked like from Willy's perspective. She knew she was very much on display. He had to be enjoying the show. She was sure he would be hard as a rock.
As she worked, she thought about his cock. She thought about what it looked like when she walked into the ladies room at her wedding rehearsal and caught Beth blowing him. He had a very nice cock.
She was so fucking horny from the anticipation of what she and Todd had planned. All the teasing, and now putting on her show, thinking about Willy's dick, she had to make a physical effort not to touch herself.
Soon Meagan had the tools as clean as possible, she couldn't drag her work out any longer. She stood and pulled her shoulders back and rolled them, as if to stretch her back out. Essentially pointing her big wet tits at the window.
She was sure Willy would be enjoying the show, so for her encore, she bent at the waist to lay out all the tools to dry in the sun. Her tits hung low in the wet, low cut tank top and her damp cleavage was on full display. She wondered if she was being too obvious, but decided she didn't care.
She finished by winding up the hose, bent over at the waist again, but with her ass pointed at the window. She knew the lower half of her ass was visible below her shorts, shaking side to side, as she cranked the handle that wound up the hose.
For his part, Willy was indeed enjoying the show, and he was definitely hard. He was running his hand over his cock and watching her intently.
Todd was also enjoying the show. He had worked his way to another window, and was able to photograph his wife as she put on her display. When he looked just right through the shelves, he could see Willy staring with lust out the window. He snapped pictures of his buddy for Meagan to see.
He discovered that if he squatted down, looking through the lower shelves he could take shots of Willy rubbing his hand over his cock. He knew Meagan would be happy to see that.
He thought about the website where they posted their pictures and remembered it had a category called 'Watchers'. He knew he had enough pictures for an entire post for that category.
He hadn't gotten much done back in the aisles, he had taken a quick count of saw blades and drill bits, took stock of nails and screws. But mostly he had been trying to eavesdrop on his wife and Willy. But he was okay with the lack of productivity, he was sure his partner hadn't gotten much done either.
Next Meagan came in and gathered up the extension cords. Her shirt was still soaked, and Willy was able to see her large areolas and her big nipples as plain as day. After the previous conversation, he didn't bother to hide his leering.
"Is that water cold? Or are you just glad to see me?" He asked her with a wink, trying to get their natural flirting started again.
She looked at his bare chest, with the thick mat of blonde hair, and answered, "Both!" She said it with obvious lust in her voice and then looked down at the lump in his shorts.
"Are you enjoying your preview? Wondering what you are going to see later?" She asked him with a smirk.
"I'm definitely enjoying the show. But you don't have to show me anything else. I told you that." He told her honestly.
She could feel his eyes on her body, and had to up the ante, "But you and Todd had a deal. And you know how Todd is about paying his debts. Plus I want to show my gratitude for letting him run home that day. We both really appreciated that." Smiling broadly, she added, "Maybe we'll even show you what he came home to. I made a video of it!"
Meagan had to laugh at the look on Willy's face as she went back out to the yard with several extension cords. She was on fire thinking about the video she had made that day.
She knew Willy would love it, eventually. But not today, she thought. They had other plans for Willy than watching old stuff.
She laid out the cords in the sun, and untangled them. Then she wound them up the way Todd had taught her years earlier. And carried them back into the shed and hung them up where they belonged.
She knew he was looking at her legs and ass, but when she turned around, he was dutifully reassembling the saw he had repaired. She almost giggled wondering if it would work.
She was pleased to see several empty beer bottles sitting on the work bench. She knew he was trying to quench his thirst, and she wanted Willy to relax, and drop his inhibitions about his friendship with Todd.
Just then Todd came up the aisle and saw his wife checking out his best friend. He felt a rush of eagerness to move forward with their plan. He saw that her nipples were obviously hard and knew she was feeling the same way.
"I'm getting hungry babe, what's for lunch?" He asked. He purposely let her catch him looking at the crotch of her tight shorts. He looked up and Willy was watching him too, he smiled and winked at him.
"I was going to throw some burgers on the grill. I made some potato salad last night." She answered, then added, "Is there anything else you guys want?"
Both men looked at her and she had her devilish smile on her face. They looked at each other and Todd said, "Well there's a loaded question if I ever heard one!"
All three laughed and Meagan said, "I'll get the grill going, you boys can think about it for awhile."
"Oh, we will darling, we will!" Willy answered, back to his usual flirty self.
Meagan wondered if he was just not comfortable with being too sexually suggestive behind Todd's back. He had always been okay with friendly flirting before. Maybe he sensed that she was serious now.
She went to the back deck and fired up the grill as the guys grabbed another beer and discussed the materials they needed for the next job.
When lunch was ready, Meagan called the men from the shed and they locked it up behind themselves, shutting off the fans and closing the windows. They brought along all the unfinished beers, as Todd had talked Willy into calling it a day
Lunch was rather uneventful, with both Meagan and Willy behaving themselves. Todd tried to get some sexual banter going, but it fell flat. It was as if they were both absorbed in their own thoughts and they didn't want to kid around anymore.
After lunch Meagan said she would clean up and then she wanted to go get a shower.
Todd and Willy made their way to the den, discussing the upcoming baseball season, and their teams' chances that year.
Both men were really thinking about Meagan in the shower, all soapy and wet.
Since they quit early, they had plenty of time until the game started, so they put on a sports network and kicked back to catch scores and updates from around the league.
Willy brought out a pipe and bag of weed. Todd said it sounded like a great idea. So Willy packed the bowl and fired it up.
Todd and Willy relaxed on the couch and passed the bowl back and forth, talking sports and drinking beer.
At a right angle to the couch was a bar they had built using reclaimed wood from a hundred year old building that they had converted into apartments, saving it from the wrecking ball.
They had their feet up on the coffee table in front of them, which was also made of the same oak as the bar. Both were very sturdy, and heavy. Smooth, dark wood with several coats of protective finish that made them glisten.
Todd and Willy had saved the classic lumber and moldiand from the dumpster, and built the bar and coffee table over a weekend.
Todd and Meagan had tested the sturdiness of both pieces, with vigorous sexual activity, several times. In fact Meagan suspected that Jr had been conceived on the coffee table.
Willy and Beth had also tried it out once, after Todd and Meagan had gone to bed. All four of them could attest to the quality of the work.
Todd wasn't thinking about that just then, he was glad for the smoke, as he was wound up with nerves over what was going to happen. He thought about all the hot sex that had happened leading up to this day.
From the times she had blown him while working on herself with a dildo, while he took pictures of her and told her how sexy she was.
To the threesome content they had looked at on the website they were both now a part of. And the erotic chats they had with some of the other members.
All of that would have led to the events that were coming. But then Meagan had given him the same kind of exciting fun he was looking to give her, only with her friend Beth.
So now he was more determined than ever to see this through. To give his wife the exhilarating experience of two lovers at once.
He was looking at the TV, but his thoughts were far from the world of baseball. He was going through a series of scenarios that would soon be taking place.
He was just starting to feel the stirring of his dick when he was jolted out of his reverie by a solid punch to his shoulder. "Hey, what the fuck was that for?!" He exclaimed.
"That's for telling Meg I saw her pictures on your phone, and that I wanted to see more!" Willy explained.
"The girl has a right to know who's seen her photos." Todd countered. "Considering they were meant for me, ya fucker!"
"That was an honest mistake, you know that." Willy defended himself, "And you didn't have to tell her I got hard from them!"
Todd laughed, "But you did! And she had a right to know that too, don't you think?"
Willy had no defense for that, so he asked, "And what the fuck are you doing looking at my dick anyway? Since when do you care if my prick is hard or not?"
"Since it was my wife that made you that way." Todd explained. "I just like to know who gets turned on by my own wife! Wouldn't you?"
"Still, mother fucker, you didn't need to tell her that!" Willy said, he was obviously embarrassed.
"Willy, it's cool man. She liked hearing that. It made her feel good, knowing she is still sexy. All women like to feel attractive. And some women like it a little more than others." Todd laughed again.
"And anyway, you know she's always had a thing for you." Todd continued, hoping to get his buddy horny again. "For some reason, she's always thought of you as some kind of a fucking stud. Must be the good reports she got from Beth."
Willy swelled up with manly pride hearing that. "Well, what can I tell ya pal. I have had some fun with that girl! And never had any complaints, know what I mean?"
"I think I do!" Todd laughed. "And something tells me she gives as good as she gets!" He added, holding back that he'd recently had her himself, and that his wife had too!
Willy smiled broadly, "Fuck yeah buddy, that chick can FUCK!" Willy agreed enthusiastically.
Both men laughed heartily until they heard Meagan behind them, "Who can fuck? Me? They turned towards her voice and she was just coming down the stairs. "Fucking right I can!"
She was wearing her little kimono style robe and a big smile. They noticed that she had on red lipstick and she had painted her fingernails, and her toenails, the same color.
They both laughed with her and Todd raised his beer in salute, "Yeah baby, I will second that!" Willy told her that he had no doubt of it.
She waltzed past the couch and they both checked out her legs and caught a whiff of her bodywash as she went around behind the bar.
"So what's that I'm smelling? Did you bring weed Willy?" She asked him with a smile. She loved to smoke, especially prior to sex, since it made her so horny and uninhibited. Not that she needed help with that, but it really made it more intense for her.
She went to the refrigerator and grabbed 3 fresh beers. "Bring that shit over here. I want to propose a toast." She set up the beers and grabbed three shot glasses.
The guys bellied up to the bar as Meagan grabbed the bottle of Jack Daniels from the shelf on the wall and poured them all a shot.
Willy stoked up the bowl and passed it to Meagan, who took a long hit and passed it, with a knowing look to Todd. He knew exactly what she was thinking, they both loved to fuck while high.
As Todd set the bowl down Meagan hoisted her shot and, looking at Willy said, "To good friends!" Willy smiled at her and raised his glass. Todd raised his and together they said, "To good friends!" Before they slammed the shot, all chasing it with a swig of beer.
Meagan picked up the pipe and took another hit, as she held it in, she poured three more shots. A nervous excitement was rushing through her, and she wanted to calm herself, and just have everyone relaxed.
Once the bowl had gone around again, she lifted her glass and said, "To good memories!"
Both men matched her proclamation and thought back over the good times they had shared, as they downed the strong drink.
As the three again chased their shots with a gulp of beer, Willy had the distinct feeling that they were leading up to something. He suspected that he was going to be shown some of the pictures of Meg that had been taken over the years. Maybe he'd get to see some videos, he thought, he was getting excited by the prospect.
He felt his arousal grow at the memory of Meg telling him how many they had, it had to be a vast amount by now. Would they grant him access to all of it?
He thought about the video she had mentioned, and had to fight against the erection in his pants. He picked up the pipe again to distract himself and after taking another toke, he passed it on to her.
Meagan and Todd were both in a similar state of anticipation, and as the bowl went around the circle again, Meagan filled the shots once more.
She raised her glass and looked purposely at her husband, "Here's to..." She moved her eyes to Willy and continued in a quiet, serious voice, "making new memories."
Her tone and smoldering eyes made Willy forget all about resisting his growing hardon. His pulse, along with that of both of his friends' increased dramatically as they all downed their shot.
"Sooo," Meagan continued after they chased the shot down, "As I was saying in the shed Willy, Todd and I have been thinking about what we wanted to... Share with you."
She glanced nervously at her husband and was reassured by his determined look. The sexual tension between the three of them hung like a cloud in the room.
Looking back to Willy she continued, "Like I told you, we have a fucking ton of pictures and videos. And we really didn't know where to start."
Willy looked over at Todd and he simply smiled and shook his head in agreement with his eyebrows raised.
He looked back at Meagan as she went on, "So we decided that it might be better," She paused again, for dramatic effect, and pulled the camera from behind the bar. "If we just let you take your own pics!"
She giggled at Willy as his jaw dropped. "Wouldn't that be fun? You can play photographer, and you can get photos of me, any way you want!"
Willy had a series of visions flash through his mind, all of Meg, and all hotter than the last. They all involved her in different positions he had seen on porn sites, and even in skin mags he had seen as a kid.
He mentally reviewed all his past fantasies about her, all the positions he had visualized, and masturbated to.
But just like looking at porn, it was impossible for him to not put himself into the picture. In his mind, he could see himself getting drawn into each scenario, and his cock grew to full size.
Meagan watched the expressions on his face change as she allowed the idea to soak in. Finally, she couldn't stand the suspense anymore, and pushed the camera across the bar towards him.
"You remember how to use this, right Willy?" She asked him in a voice dripping with emotion, that drew him out of his fantasies.
"Uhm, yeah. Yeah I remember." Willy answered. He had used it to take photos of Todd and Meagan during parties, and had used it to get video of Jr playing.
The thought of the video features took him right back to his fantasies, and he tried to focus on the conversation.
Meagan stepped back from the bar and grabbed the ends of the sash that held her robe closed. "So? Are you going to pick it up? Or what?"
Willy reached out and picked up the camera, then looked at Todd, as if for permission. Todd reassured him with a nod, saying, "Go ahead dude, don't keep the girl waiting."
Willy shook his head as he picked up the camera. "You two are fucking crazy." He said with disbelief.
"No Willy, just exhibitionists." Meagan told him with a naughty smile as she pulled the sash of her robe open .
Willy had to pull his eyes off her loosened robe to find the power button on the camera. When he hit it, the camera dinged and the lens extended. He almost laughed at the thought that even the digital camera was getting a hardon.
When he looked back at Meagan, she had her hands on the lapel of the robe, waiting to begin. It was open enough to show her cleavage. She had a look of excitement and anticipation on her face and her legs together.
Willy pointed the camera at her and watched through the view finder as she opened the robe to show him her tits. She slipped the robe off her shoulders, still holding it together at her waist and below. He gazed at her hungrily until he heard her whisper, "Push the button Willy."
He snapped out of his daze and pushed the button. The sound of the shutter seemed loud to all of them. Meagan actually flinched when she heard it, she had been so tense.
Willy looked at her over the top of the camera and she smiled at him. "We aren't done yet, are we?" He raised his eyebrows and answered, "No, I guess not."
He looked at her through the camera again and snapped another shot. Then, remembering the settings, he zoomed in on her tits. The nipples were standing straight out from her brown, flat areolas, and his mouth watered as he shot another photo.
Willy had always been a sucker for big tits. Beth had the smallest pair he had ever seen, in person. But she had an amazing ass and was si fucking pretty. Plus her nipples more than made up for her little tits. They were puffy and so sensitive, he loved them, and he really loved how she got off having them sucked hard and bitten. He wondered if Meagan's were sensitive too
As he was about to snap another picture, her hands came into view. They cupped her tits and squeezed as he pushed the button. He heard her whimper and she pinched her nipples and he took another shot.
He was about to snap another when she said, "You know there's more to me than my tits Willy. What else do you want to see?"
Willy looked up at her face and she was blushing brightly. She looked wild, more aroused than he had ever seen her.
He watched as her hand slipped down her body, her robe had slipped open, and her hand brushed over the small patch of hair she had there. It was trimmed very short and shaped into a triangle, pointing down.
Willy was mesmerized as he watched Meagan tease herself, until he felt Todd jostle him. When he looked up at his buddy, Todd told him, "Don't forget the camera."
"Right!" Willy exclaimed, and raised the camera to his face and snapped the picture of Meagan petting herself. Her meaty lips were dangling into his view, and he growled as she massaged them.
"So, seriously Willy, what else do you want to see? What should I do?" She asked him quietly.
"Hell Meg, I don't know. Whatever you want to do." Willy answered. He could think of a lot of things he wanted to see. But he couldn't bring himself to say them in front of her or her husband. "Whatever you usually do. Whatever you are comfortable with. I'm just along for the ride."
Meagan smiled at his turn of phrase, he was definitely 'along for the ride' she thought. She came out from behind the bar and the two men swiveled in their stools to follow her. She stopped when she was by the coffee table and they had their backs to the bar.
"Well, for one thing," She explained, "the thing that makes me want to do this, is knowing what effect I have on my audience." She purposely looked at the large bulge in each man's shorts.
Willy was watching her body, and missed her deliberate look. She had her robe off her shoulders and it billowed open as she had walked, it covered nothing of the front of her body.
"You see Willy, years ago, when Todd first asked me to let him take pictures of me, I was hesitant. But when he told me he would look at them and jack off to them when we couldn't get together, that made me feel sexy. And frankly it made me so fucking hot! I love the idea of a guy getting hard from seeing me, and having to play with himself.
She was enjoying the hunger on his face, but she had to see more. "Willy?" She said. When he looked up at her face she asked, "Did I cause that?" She looked directly at the lump of his dick in his shorts.
He realized she was blatantly looking at his erection. "Well yeah, you know you did." He caught motion in the corner of his eye, and realized Todd was undoing his belt.
He looked at his friend and Todd told him, "I learned a long time ago that she loves to see me hard for her. So she made a rule, if she's posing for the camera, then the cameraman has to be naked too."
"That's right Willy, and that goes for you too. If I'm making you hard, I want to see it!" Meagan exclaimed happily.
Willy hesitated, "Oh, uhm, well."
Meagan dropped to her knees in front of him, holding her tits up towards him, she said in a husky voice, " C'mon big guy, whip it out!"
Just then, Todd dropped his shorts to the floor. His underwear went next. Willy could see Todd's hard prick in his peripheral vision as he started to undo his own shorts.
Meagan looked on intently as he worked his belt, button and zipper, then left his shorts drop to the floor. A knife on his belt made a thud. His cock was pushing out his white briefs, begging for freedom.
Next he pulled the elastic waistband of his underwear out over his cock and it sprang free, just a foot from Meagan's smiling face. She gazed, wide eyed at it, and when it stopped bobbing she muttered, almost to herself, "It looks even bigger than I remember."
The way she looked at it made Willy even more unsure of the situation. He had seen that look on women's faces before, it was desire. He looked at Todd, and realized that he was taking a photo with his phone of his wife, on her knees, lusting for his cock.
"Just need to capture this for posterity pal." Todd told him when he saw Willy looking. "It's not every day she gets to see another cock."
Meagan scooted closer to Willy. "Todd always loves me in the frame with his hardon Willy. Do you think this is a hot view?"
"Yeah, fuck yeah. That's... that is hot alright." Willy said, looking down at his beautiful friend, as she looked up at him with her mouth so close to him that he could feel her breath on his dick.
"So, are you going to take a picture of me down here or what?" Her voice conveyed her impatience. She was not used to reminding her photographer about his job. Todd was usually snapping photos like crazy, and giving her directions in the process.
"Huh? Yeah! Yeah, sure." He said bringing the camera up and looking down at her, and his cock. He couldn't believe this was happening.
"Just keep snapping pics Willy!" Todd told him. He shot a couple of her face looking straight at his cock. Then she looked up at him, and he got one of her that blew him away. She had a look of such desire in her eyes, he felt his prick twitch.
Meagan turned to her husband and said "Come closer baby?" Todd dutifully stepped up next to his buddy. Putting his hard dick in the frame for Willy's next shots.
She turned her face back to Willy and smiled at the camera. She spread her knees and her fat labia came into view, her middle finger delved into them, causing her to sigh.
Willy was entranced watching her. He had imagined her pussy countless times. He realized it was more beautiful than he'd imagined.
He kept snapping photos, as did Todd next to him. They were both catching Meagan, gently fingering herself and looking back and forth between the two cocks in such close proximity.
Finally she looked up at her husband and told him, "I can't take it anymore babe." She reached out and put her hands on the men, one hand on each man's thigh, she thrilled with the feel of masculine power in both legs.
She looked up at Willy's eyes, he had dropped the camera from his face again when she touched him, and she told him with a husky voice, "I want you both Willy."
Willy felt his dick twitch again, and her hand started to slide slowly up his leg. He couldn't believe what he had heard, but part of his brain was going through the events of the day, and it all came together.
"I want to suck you both off," Meagan continued, her hand now inches from the base of his dick, right at the edge of his thatch of dark blonde hair "I want you guys to fuck me, I want you to eat my pussy, fucking all of it!"
Her hands now grasped each man's cock and started to stroke, slowly, as she asked, "So what do you say Willy? Want to help your buddy tag team his wife?" Her voice was practically choked up with emotion.
Willy had been holding his breath as Meg's hand traveled up his leg. He now let out a groan of pleasure. He heard Todd sigh deeply too. He looked up at him, questioning.
Todd had taken another photo of Meagan, this time with a hard prick in each hand. He looked up and met Willy's eyes. He saw uncertainty, and hope. Desire and fear. He had always felt so close to Willy, he loved him like a brother. And he needed to reassure him, to make it okay.
"It's cool man." He told his friend softly, "She wants to do this. I want to do this. We both couldn't think of anyone else in the world that we would ask to do this with us. What do you say pal?"
Willy looked back down at Meagan. Her face was flushed with desire, color was raising up her chest, she looked up at him, hopeful and eager. Her hand working slowly up and down the length of his dick.
He had been attracted to Meg from the moment he met her. He had fantasized about her, masturbated to visions of her. But he had always accepted the fact that she was his best friend's girl, and he could never have her.
But all that changed now. Her look, her plea, Todd's explanation, changed all of that! "How could I say 'No' to that?!" He exclaimed.
Meagan had been holding back, restraining herself as she waited for his answer. When she finally heard it, she wasted no more time, she leaned in and took the head of Willy's fat dick in her mouth.
They both moaned with the relief of long suppressed desire. Todd took a picture of the moment. His heart was pounding. He had always wanted this, in theory. But he was never sure what he would feel if it ever happened for real.
He had always worried that he might balk at the last second, that seeing the woman he loved, the mother of his son, with another man, would freak him out. But seeing her now, so happy, so horny, her mouth stretched wide as she took his best friend's cock. The gleam in her eyes made him want her more than ever. He put the camera on his phone to video, and pressed the record button.
Willy and Meagan both heard the shutter, and knew they were all starting out on the new memories she had mentioned.
Then they heard the ding of the video start, it was like the starting bell of a new and exciting adventure.
Meagan's inner exhibitionist kicked in. She turned her eyes to her husband and started to suck Willy's dick with fervor.
Slowly, like she was savoring every inch. Purposefully, like she wanted to give him the best head he'd ever had. She used her hand to stroke him in time with her mouth. She moaned again at the excitement of the whole situation.
She moved her eyes to Willy and he was looking down at her with disbelief, but shear pleasure. He gently reached out and placed his hands on her head.
Meagan had been posing for Todd's camera for so long, that she instinctively knew Willy was blocking Todd's camera with one arm, and reached up and moved it, moving his hand from the side of her head to the top. He caught on right away and kept it there.
She looked into his eyes as she went to town on his dick. She was feeling so much emotion as she experienced the first new cock she'd had since she met Todd.
Todd nudged his buddy and reminded him of the camera, and Willy raised it to his eyes and started to snap photos of possibly the hottest thing he had ever seen.
She could only take about half of his long, thick shaft, but she knew how to use her tongue around the tip, and along the bottom of his shaft, all the while sucking and moving up and down. She knew she was good, and she knew he was enjoying every second of it.
She tried to maintain her stroking of her husband's cock at the same time. She thought back to the adventure with Beth, and the challenge of giving pleasure to two lovers at once. She knew it was a whole new skill level, and she was determined to master it.
She knew in her heart that she would, she knew she was going to get plenty of practice, now that this new chapter in their lives had opened up.
She could envision plenty of new experiences with her friends. And her pussy dripped with anticipation.
She was enjoying herself with the new dick of her friend, but she knew she had to please her husband too. She pulled her mouth off Willy with a gasp. He grunted as she turned her head and pulled her husband's prick into her mouth.
"Oh fuck baby!" Todd exclaimed. He looked at her face and their eyes met. They shared a look of love, desire, gratitude. A look full of so many emotions, as she used her mouth on the cock she was so familiar with.
Todd looked up to Willy and asked, "She's fucking amazing. Isn't she?"
"She's definitely amazing dude! Fuck!" Willy said with a wondrous expression.
He had pulled his hands off her head when she went over to Todd. Todd ran his fingers lovingly through her hair, and her eyes closed with bliss.
She continued her oral work on her husband, still stroking Willy at the same time. Todd was still filming it all. He elbowed his buddy, "This is a first for us dude, you better get some pictures of it."
Willy had completely forgotten the camera again. He hurriedly picked it back up, and started snapping more photos.
Meagan heard the shutter sound of the camera and was so completely turned on. She knew her pussy was flowing. She wanted so badly to touch herself, she knew she would cum quickly. But she was loving the feel of two different cocks in her hands.
She thought briefly of Beth's talented mouth. She could easily imagine sitting on her friend's face as she switched her mouth back to Willy. She had no doubt that would be in her future, and she moaned on Willy's prick at the thought.
Willy let out a groan of his own. Meagan's mouth felt so good. Hot and wet, her wicked tongue working it's magic as she applied just the right amount of suction. He knew he would cum for her soon. She had been making him horny all day.
He tried to fight the feeling. He didn't know what the rules were in getting head from your best friend's wife. Would she take it in her mouth? Would she swallow? He realized he was getting closer just wondering about it.
Meagan was starting to taste Willy's precum. She knew she would be getting his full load soon. But she sensed his tension. She had to fill him in on her plan.
She pulled him out of her mouth and ran her tongue around the bulbous head, before looking up at him. "I want you to cum for me Willy." She turned to Todd and said, "Both of you. I want to suck the cum right out of you both!"
Willy, being the considerate lover, and avid pussy eater, that he was, had to ask, "Are we going to get to give you pleasure too?
Meagan smirked and gave the head of his cock a good French kiss and said, "Oh, I am counting on it big man! In fact, my plan is to make you both cum first, then you can both focus on me!" She gave him a huge, naughty smile and a giggle.
She kept jacking off the two men and went back and forth several times, kissing and licking them. Looking up at them, as she got them closer and closer.
"Where do you boys want to cum?" She asked breathing hard. "In my mouth?" She swiped her mouth over her husband's cock. "All over my face? My tits?" She asked Willy before running her lips up the underside of his length.
"Wherever you want it baby!" Willy gasped. "It, it won't be long, you are going to make me cum soon!"
"Me too babe, me too." Todd agreed.
"I've recently learned that I like feeling cum shoot off on my face Willy." She explained. "But I still love to swallow too!"
The lust on her face and in her voice made Willy growl. "Fuck woman you are so hot! You can have it anywhere you want!"
"Both!" She blurted between sucking the two cocks. "I want both! I want you guys to cover my face, and I want to swallow it too!"
She took as much of Willy's big dick as she could and bobbed her head, then pulled off him with a pop. She looked him in the eye and begged, "Give me your hot cum Willy!"
She leaned the other way and sucked her husband too. She knew she was going to bring them both off soon. She wondered if she could coordinate their climaxes.
She went back to sucking one, then the other. Paying close attention to the signs of their impending orgasms. Their moaning, hips rocking, precum oozing.
She was on fire with her need for their cum. She was moaning just as loudly as they were, breathing hard and using all the oral tricks she knew to bring them off.
She knew she had Willy really close. She turned her mouth back to her husband, to get him caught up, but she had misjudged Willy, having never had him before, he was closer than she realized.
He felt his jizz coming just as she went back to Todd. She was still stroking him, and he saw that he was pointing away from her. As his first shot surged up his cock, he grabbed her hand and pointed himself at her face and left out a roar!
Meagan was just tasting Todd's precum when Willy went off. She felt the hot ejaculate splash across her cheek. She squealed with wild abandon and turned her face back to Willy just as his second blast shot her in the nose.
"AAHHH!" She gasped as she leaned in and took the throbbing cock back in her mouth. She gulped down the rest of his seed as she matched his moans with her own.
It had always a thrill for her to experience a new lover. Every man was different, in taste, power of their ejaculation, the noises they made. Not just the size and shape of their cocks. Everything. And it had been a long time since she'd experienced someone new. It was such a rush for her.
Todd had been getting close too, and seeing his sexy wife enthusiastically take his friend's cum pushed him over the edge too.
"Oh, fuck honey! Me too!" He shouted in warning, just before he started to spew his cum for her.
She hurriedly turned to face Todd's dick and caught half of the first shot in her mouth, the rest splashed along the opposite cheek from Willy's load.
Meagan was in ecstasy, she had always loved the idea of making a man cum. Giving him so much pleasure. But having two men cum for her, almost at once was far more enjoyable than she had imagined.
She briefly thought that with practice, she might be able to get them to shoot off together.
Willy was almost spent. The last of his load fell short of her face and landed on her heaving chest. A few more drops oozing out onto her fist while she stroked him, all the while she gulping down her husband's next few spurts.
She looked up at Todd and tried to convey her love and appreciation with her eyes as she swallowed his jizz.
She pulled him free of her mouth, gasping as she took the rest of his load to her forehead and a closed eyelid.
Willy had actually managed to take a couple of pictures, but he was inexperienced in being a photographer while having sex. His photos were poorly aimed, barely catching the abandon of Meagan taking her first two cocks at once.
Todd on the other hand had a lot of experience, and captured the entire event on video. He knew it would be wildly popular when they posted it online.
Finally Meagan sensed that she had drained her two men. She sat back on her heels and admired her work. Both dicks were shrinking in her cum covered hands. She felt the jizz of both men on her face and tits. She could taste the two different flavors mingling together in her mouth.
She looked up at Todd and he had the camera to his face, capturing her elation and pride. She had cum all over her and looked so fucking wild.
"That was so fucking intense!" She gasped. The two drained men leaned back on the barstools behind them and she used her fingers to wipe the cum from her face, and licked them clean. Still savoring the difference in flavors.
"Fuck!" Willy exclaimed. "I never expected that!"
"So do I still owe you some pictures to look at Willy?" Todd asked with a chuckle.
"Nah, we're good pal." Willy answered with a chuckle of his own. He looked back down to Meagan and she had a very naughty smile on her face as she cleaned the last of the jizz from her face with her fingers and licked them clean.
"And we're not done yet big guy." She told him. She got up from her knees and sat on the coffee table behind her.
Willy watched as she leaned back on one hand and spread her legs. Willy got his first full view of her pussy, and it looked so good. It was puffy with excitement and wet.
She ran her fingers through the thick lips of her pussy as she asked, " You like to give as well as you get, right?"
Willy dropped to his knees and answered, "Oh fuck yeah, you know I do!"
As Willy leaned in and started to kiss his way up Meagan's thigh, Todd picked the camera up from the bar where Willy had hurriedly discarded it, and started to snap photos.
Meagan sighed and bit her bottom lip as she swirled her finger just inside her pussy and watched Willy. He was hungrily watching her fingers play with her pussy, obviously forcing himself to go slowly.
As he got closer she reached out and offered him a taste of her fingers, they locked eyes as he growled and sucked her digits into his mouth greedily.
Meagan heard the camera click and she reached out and placed a hand on Willy's head and told him softly, "No need for foreplay Willy, I'm ready."
"I know you are baby." As he leaned in closer. "But I just want to savor this." He told her.
He kissed her puffy outer lips and ran his tongue across her taint before licking the flaps of her labia. He smiled at the way her body twitched, the sexy gasp she let out.
She rolled her hips, trying to get more direct contact with her pussy. She was whimpering now and he couldn't wait anymore either. He ran his tongue up between her lips and they both moaned.
Todd had captured the moment and felt his cock stir. He had always loved to see her reactions to sex of any kind. She was such a sensual woman. And witnessing her passion was easily as exciting as he expected it would be.
Willy avoided her clit, standing out from the top of her slit, and made another pass with his tongue up through her swollen lips. And another, and another.
He sucked her labia into his mouth, and groaned as he sucked the flavorful juices off. Then delved into her pussy again, deeper, and swirled his tongue around her hole.
"Enngg!" Meagan cried out. She had a hand on his head and lifted her hips, pushing her pussy into his face.
Todd was still shooting pictures, and the sound of the camera, along with Willy's talented tongue was such a turn on for Meagan. She felt so sexy, so naughty. Like a porn star. Like the women she had seen on the website.
She thought briefly of the mfm posts they had seen online. The conversation she had had with Tammy from Advntrpr, and knew she was crossing a sexual threshold.
She thought about Beth, she would be so happy to hear about this, and knew it would just be a matter of time before the four of them would be able to play together.
Willy finally slipped the tip of his tongue gently across her clit, and she cried out, brought back from her reverie to the present.
Willy looked up at her and his eyes were smiling as he went back to licking her flexing hole, before briefly lapping her clit again.
Meagan was gasping and whimpering as she rolled her hips, enduring Willy's teasing tongue. He kept probing between her lips, occasionally slurping the exposed nub of her clit, refusing to give her a rhythm to follow, to ride.
Todd knew she would cum hard when Willy finally took her over the edge. He knew she was so wet and he loved how she tasted when she was feeling so aroused. When he heard Willy moan, he understood completely.
'Quit, quit teasing me Willy.' She thought, but couldn't form the words. Every time she tried to speak up he would slip his tongue up and down her clit.
Willy brought an arm under her leg and reached up over her hip to slip his fingers through the small patch of hair above her pussy. He pressed his fingers into the flesh on either side of her clit and pulled it back. The sensitive, pink organ stood straight up, and Willy lapped at it several times, causing Meagan to cry out and pull his face tighter into her.
He took the hint and sucked it hard between his lips and lashed it with his tongue. Her head rolled back and she let out a long extended moan of pleasure.
Todd watched in amazement as his wife went over the edge. He had experienced it thousands of times, felt her muscles contracting and her body go rigid with her climax.
But to watch it happen? To watch his best friend cause it? Todd thought it was the most erotic thing he had ever seen.
Willy sucked her clit hard, he felt and heard her climax start, and was so glad to finally get to experience her for himself, in real life.
He wanted to make her cum as long and as hard as he possibly could. He needed to act out all the fantasies he had ever had about her.
He brought a hand up under his chin and slipped one fat calloused finger into the opening of her pussy. He felt her muscles contracting and heard her voice straining to say something, but it was incomprehensible.
He reached into her deeper. She fucked back against the probing digit. He swirled his tongue around her clit. She pulled his head into her crotch with both hands.
Willy began to thrust his hand, finger fucking her. She felt so tight in the throes of her orgasm. He knew he would need to fuck her soon. And not just with a finger, he wanted to feel her pussy wrapped around his shaft.
He slid in another finger and turned his hand, palm up, and she cried out again as he stretched her.
She was also thinking about getting his cock inside her, and it added to the intensity of her orgasm. She did her best to fuck his fingers with her inner muscles, to entice him to give her more.
She had her feet planted on the floor and she arched her back, lifting her ass off the coffee table. She held his head with both hands and ground her wet snatch on his face as she cried out, "OHHH, YES WILLY, YES!"
Willy placed his hands under her ass and held her up to his mouth, his tongue reached as deeply into her pussy as he could make it, drinking from her like a dehydrated man trying to slake his thirst.
Meagan had her eyes closed tightly and her head rolled back and forth as she whined in ecstasy. She was so far gone that she had forgotten all about her husband. She couldn't even hear the shutter of the camera clicking away anymore. She could only focus on grinding her pussy into Willy's face.
But Todd was snapping photos from every angle. He was walking around the coffee table shooting pictures of his wife, her eyes closed, her lips pursed, her nipples thick and erect.
He got closer and took some of Willy's face peeking up over her small triangle of pubic hair, his eyes wild with lust.
He got shots from the side, showing her legs straining to lift her ass off the table and Willy's hands supporting her ass.
Then he pushed the button to get video. Willy was on the verge of moving on to fucking her. He knew she was going through a very intense climax, and he loved to feel a woman spasm around his dick when he slid into her.
But he heard the ding of the camera and knew he needed to keep devouring her. He had no problem with that, he was enjoying himself very much. Meagan was flowing her flavorful nectar and fucking his face as hard as she could, and Willy was loving it.
He thought about all the times he had imagined this, all the naughty scenarios that would make him cum all over himself. He had always thought that given the chance, he would never stop, he would eat Meg's sweet pussy until she begged him to quit.
And he now vowed to do just that. He knew Todd was capturing the whole erotic event for future viewing. He knew she would get to see how hard he had made her cum, and hopefully it would inspire her to want more!
So Willy just kept on lapping. He sucked her clit and lips and licked deep between them and over her whole crotch while she humped herself against his hungry mouth.
Willy had eaten enough pussy in his day to know that she wouldn't be able to withstand much more, and he would have the chance to fuck her soon. Eventually Meagan would reach her limit and push him away.
Todd was thinking that same thing, and while he had always thought that he would never be able to just sit back and watch his wife with another man without jumping in, he could not bring himself to interrupt her, and he knew Willy was going to want to, need to, fuck her next.
Meagan was also thinking that she couldn't take much more. Her foggy brain was waiting for Willy to stop. But he wouldn't stop. He just kept going and going, and she just kept cumming and cumming. The muscles of her abdomen, her legs, her ass, were all contracting and in spasm.
"Ehh, Ehh, Will, Willy! Ssst, Ehhstop! Willy ehh, stop!" She begged. She grabbed his hair at his ears and pulled his wicked mouth off her pussy. She tried to sit up but couldn't until he lowered his hands holding her ass up.
Finally he lowered her ass and sat back on his heels. Meagan lay exhausted, aftershocks of her climax still rocked her body. Her eyes were closed and her beautiful face was flushed. She moaned and shuddered.
Willy looked at her and was pleased with her reactions to his work. She had cum very hard and was completely satisfied. He was proud, but he wanted to give her more. He wanted to fuck her next. He wrapped his fist around his revived prick and looked up at Todd. He felt like he should have permission.
Todd was still filming his wife. He had also regained his erection and went around the coffee table to look down at her. He pointed the camera at her face and brought his hard dick into the foreground. Squatting down he lowered himself until his cock rubbed her face.
When Meagan felt the spongy head of her husband's cock on her cheek she smiled and opened her eyes, and her mouth. She smiled because she knew it was her climaxing on another man's face that gave Todd his erection back so quickly.
Looking up she saw the camera pointed at her, the little red light told her he was taking video. She smiled and grasped the prick in her face and directed it to her mouth.
She snaked her tongue out and licked the head before opening her mouth to draw him in. As she wrapped her lips around the tip of his prick, she saw Todd give Willy a nod and a hand signal.
Then she felt the hard cock against her pussy. She gasped as Willy slipped the head of his cock slowly into her, and Todd fed another inch of dick into her mouth.
Todd moved the camera from her face and pointed it at her pussy. Reaching out he angled the camera to capture the moment of his friend slipping his cock into her snatch. The first new cock she'd had in a long time.
Meagan moaned as she felt Willy stretch her open and pause, he backed off slightly, then started to go deeper, slowly. When he was in far enough that he knew his head was against her Gspot, he paused again, then jerked his hips back and forth a few times to rub the ultra sensitive spot for her.
Meagan moaned again, trying to maintain suction on her husband's dick as Willy gave her another aftershock of her orgasm.
When Willy felt her inner muscles spasm, he fed her another inch, and then another, before pulling back out enough to rub her Gspot again, then he plunged it home.
Meagan was going crazy. Feeling a new cock in her quivering pussy for the first time in years, trying to blow her husband, riding wave after wave of fresh orgasm.
When Willy sunk himself in to the hilt, Meagan had to pull her mouth off her husband and exclaim, "OHHHH!" Willy was a bit bigger than Todd, and she felt so full, so fucking good!
"Oh fuck Willy! Ohh!" She still had a fistful of Todd's prick too, and struggled to get him back in her mouth as Willy pulled half way back out, then pushed in again.
With a mouthful of Todd's prick she continued to moan. Todd moaned with her as he felt the vibrations from her mouth up through his cock.
Willy moaned too, he was loving the way her pussy gripped his dick, how wet she was. He couldn't believe he was getting the chance to fuck her, finally.
Meagan had trouble bobbing her head to blow her husband, so she reached out to grab his ass and pull him in. He caught on quickly, and as he continued to capture video footage of the event, he began to work his hips, fucking his wife's mouth.
Willy matched his buddies tempo, but he was thrusting in while Todd was pulling out. So that Meagan was getting dick pushed into her, somewhere, at all times. And she was in ecstasy.
Having sucked them both off already, she knew they would have some staying power, that had been her plan. A plan that Todd had wholeheartedly agreed to.
She knew she could lay there and let her guys just fuck her silly, until they both got off again, but she started to envision the other possible positions her new online friend Tammy had experienced.
She wanted to explore, to make the most of her first mfm. She knew she would have more, the look on her husband's face told her he was enjoying this as much as she was, but she couldn't wait for another time. She wanted to experience it all, now.
She pulled her mouth off Todd's cock and said, "Wait, Willy, stop!" He froze, embedded in her, thinking that she was hurt, or having second thoughts, or, he really didn't know what. What would cause her to want to quit all of the sudden?
He was relieved when she said, "I want to do something else. Let's change positions." Relieved, but not surprised. Meagan was game, she wanted this.
She nimbly spun around on the coffee table and rolled to her knees. Pointing her wet snatch at her husband, she reached out and grabbed Willy's cock. It was shiny with her pussy.
Todd knew what she wanted, he knew it was his turn to fuck her. But he looked at her pussy and was so aroused by what he saw he had to get some photos of it.
She was still gaping and her whole crotch was soaking wet. Her labia were a deep pink in color and flared open, like the wings of a butterfly
Meagan smiled, she knew what Todd was doing. She knew she would get to see herself later.
She returned her focus to Willy's wet dick and thought about Beth as she pulled him to her hungry mouth. She imagined it would not be long before she was tasting her friend's wonderful pussy on Willy.
Willy had known some women who would never suck cock with pussy juice on it. He also knew some who didn't mind, they would do it just to please.
But he had also known some who seemed to relish their own taste, to love it, possibly as much as he himself did.
Beth was one woman who came to mind, and now Meg joined her ranks. Willy always wondered, in a lewd, chauvinistic way, if they enjoyed how wet they were, or if they loved pussy in general.
He had never seen anything to lead him to think that either of them had lesbian tendencies, but the idea was very hot! Little did he know that he would have the opportunity to see for himself before too long.
He watched Meagan hungrily lap her own fluid from his dick. She certainly seemed to relish the flavor, and that was so sexy to Willy, especially when she was looking him in the eye.
But her eyes closed, and she gasped, when Todd entered her from behind. He didn't probe or tease her at all. He just shoved his cock in, and she loved it.
She let out a groan and opened her mouth to suck Willy's cock. And soon the two friends were coordinating their thrusts again, and Meagan thought, 'Tammy and Beth were right, this was amazing!'
The two men were also enjoying themselves, making the most of the situation. Todd was so turned on by how wet she was, and Willy was simply glad to be involved!
They both fucked her from each end, amazed by her seemingly endless enthusiasm. Todd was snapping pictures of all of it.
Todd set the camera aside then to hold her hips tightly and pounding her pussy as hard as he could.
Willy was being more gentle, trying not to hurt or gag her. He knew his dick was bigger than most, and he was a thoughtful man. He also knew that Meagan got off on the photography, so he picked up the camera and got some shots from his angle, including some close-ups of her mouth full of his prick.
Meagan was enjoying herself, and the big new prick she was experiencing. It filled her mouth so well. And filled her snatch well too. And she wanted more of that!
She pulled her mouth from Willy, causing him to groan and pulled her body forward so Todd popped out of her pussy. "Time to switch again boys!" She proclaimed.
She moved over to the couch and sat with her ass hanging off the edge of the cushion. "C'mere Willy" She told him.
Willy got down on his knees in front of her, and slipped into her easily. The difference in his height and her on the couch meant that he was dragging the crown of his dick over her Gspot with each thrust, in and out.
He took another few pictures before giving Todd the camera back.
He reached out and grabbed her tits and began to massage them. His big rough hands each palming a tit, catching her nipples between two fingers.
Meagan was cumming almost before Todd got his cock in her mouth. But she tried to focus on sucking her husband, regardless of her orgasm.
She knew it was not the best head she had ever given him, but he didn't seem to care. He was happy to see her enjoying herself and was getting off on her pleasure. And he went back to video with the camera.
She managed to maintain suction and just let Todd move in and out of her mouth while Willy started to fuck her, hard.
She looked up at her husband to make sure he was being satisfied, but she couldn't see much of his face as he had the camera up, with the red light on.
She gasped as she remembered the camera. Todd was catching all the naughty action. She couldn't believe she had forgotten about it.
Meagan was riding wave after wave of orgasm, intensified now by the thought of sharing it all online. How many men would jack off with visions of being here, fucking her?
How many women would envy her for having these two studs doing her? Or wish they were doing her too?!
Visions of Tammy and Frank, the Advntrpr, and the fun they had with mfm sprung to her mind. She wished they were there with them.
She ran her fingers through the hair on Willy's chest, imagined Frank and his thick mat of dark hair. She pictured Todd fucking Tammy, her sweet body rocking on his dick.
She could imagine her pussy, stretched and wet, and she knew it would be so good to eat. Would Tammy be into that?
It was inevitable that Beth would come to mind for her. Beth was more than a fantasy, she was now her lover too, and she was sure that she would be joining them someday soon.
They would have so much fucking fun together! Their first foursome! It would be so exciting! She tried to picture all things they could do together, there were just so fucking many possible combinations!
Todd was still filming Willy fucking his wife, and when he turned the camera to her face, to capture her sucking his dick, he saw that she was in a sort of an orgasmic trance. She was so into the fucking she seemed to be lost in her own head. She had him in her mouth, but she was leaving the rocking of her body from Willy fucking her cause her motion.
She was reclined on the couch, a low, constant moan emitting from her throat, while both men had their way with her, and she was just laying there, taking it, seemingly lost in her own pleasure.
She was obviously loving what Willy was doing to her, and moaning and allowing her husband to use her mouth, but she was in a zone somewhere. He took a photo of the look on her face, it was sheer ecstasy.
Meanwhile Willy was trying to ignore the feeling of his own orgasm starting to build. His position was definitely good for Meagan, but it was giving him plenty of stimulation too. He knew he wouldn't last long in that position. His cockhead rubbing against the roof of Meagan's snatch was working for both of them.
"Hey buddy," He said to Todd in a strained voice. "I don't want to be selfish. Do you want to switch?" He stopped his thrusting and just kept himself embedded balls deep in Meagan's body.
This brought her from her reverie and she reached up and placed her hand on his face, asking, "Not getting tired of fucking me already, are you big guy?"
Willy looked at her and rocked his hips, "Hell no baby," He took her hand and brought it to his mouth, kissed it, and explained, "You just feel so fucking good! I don't want to cum yet."
Todd watched the interaction between them and saw the obvious affection, love even, they shared. He was reassured that Willy was the perfect choice for her first mfm. He captured the moment in photos.
He was definitely ready for some more pussy though, so even as Meagan was reassuring Willy that she wanted him to cum in her, Todd was sitting down and coaxing her to climb on.
Meagan took the hint and when Willy pulled out of her, she kissed him, and climbed onto Todd's lap. He extended his legs lengthwise on the couch, with his back to the arm. So once Meagan had settled down on his dick, Willy merely had to stand up, and he had his cock presented to her mouth.
As Meagan began to fuck her husband, she saw the hard wet prick pointing at her face. It looked swollen and angry from being denied it's release. She knew she had the skills to finish the job, to make it shoot off in her mouth. But she had already had that. She wanted to feel him cum in her. Deep in her.
She looked into her husband's eyes and tried to convey her love and gratitude as she flexed her inner muscles and began to fuck him. The look she received in return reassured her that he was feeling the same way.
She knew she could keep Willy charged, and on the edge, ready to blow, until she got him inside her again. She used her hand to hold the shaft in place as she tongued it again and cleaned up her own fluid from it, again.
She kept her face towards Todd, and kept her mouth wide open, and let Willy slip his cock across her open mouth as she looked at her husband. She maintained eye contact with her husband as she used her tongue and lips to clean the prick.
Todd kept the camera up, capturing her mouth working on his buddy as he fucked back against her rolling hips. Her tits bouncing in his face, he reached a hand up and pulled one to his mouth
Again Meagan felt almost overwhelmed by all the stimulation. She loved having her husband fucking her pussy and she loved having Willy in her mouth. Having Todd watching her and sucking her tits roughly at the same time was heaven.
She felt herself getting off again as she turned her head to take Willy in her mouth. She was breathing erratically through her nose as she tried to put her focus on her husband's cock, and keep Willy from cumming.
She wanted both men to cum inside her, to fill her pussy with cum, one after the other. She was cumming hard yet again as she imagined how hot it was going to be.
Willy had been rather gentle with her, loving almost. But now that he was getting close, his need to finish drove him to grasp her head and start to fuck her mouth. He was moaning and telling her how good it was. She felt his cock growing, filling her mouth further, and knew she had to slow him down.
She jerked her head free with a gasp and ran her tongue down his length to his full balls. He left a streak of his precum up her cheek and into her hair. The wetness made her feel naughty and she hungrily sucked his nuts into her mouth one at a time.
"Fuck Meg, I am so close!" He moaned. "Don't tease me, c'mon, oghh!" He tried to move his cock back to her mouth.
Again she pulled away and fondled his balls. "Not yet big guy. You already came in my mouth once, and on my face too! Don't you want to cum inside me?"
Todd was still fucking up into her, and still catching all the naughty action on the camera. His wife sounded so sexy asking for her other lover to cum inside her. He felt his own ejaculation building.
His wife was so wet, and maybe not as tight as he was used to, but she could still flex her pussy muscles and milk him, and she was definitely trying to make him cum.
He knew she wanted both of them to cum inside her, and he had no problem with that. And watching her ask Willy about it brought him closer. Her need to be filled up with cum was so fucking arousing for him.
Willy was doing his best to not cum right then and there. He loved the idea of cumming inside her. She was right, he had already experienced her mouth, and as good as it was, he would love to be in her pussy for the next one. But just the thought of it made it harder to fight off his impending climax.
Meagan knew he would not be able to last much longer. She put her focus on draining her husband. She began to raise her pussy up until he was about to pop out, then she would drop back down, fucking him hard. She tightened her Kegal muscles as she raised herself up, and again when she took him deep and hard.
She managed to keep her hand on Willy, not ignoring him completely, but she leaned in and hung her tits in Todd's face, trying to entice him more.
Todd growled and started to lick his wife's big tits and suck her nipples. Her pussy work was having the desired effect, and he did not try to fight it. He knew he had to cum before his buddy.
She was gasping and pumping him, and he was pushed closer by her actions and her intentions, her desire and her complete commitment to pleasure, everyone's pleasure. He always knew she would enjoy 2 men at once, and seeing her so into it pulled him to the verge of cumming.
"Oh baby you are so fucking sexy, I'm going to cum in you!" Todd told her through gritted teeth. He pushed up into her to match each of her downward movements.
"Yes honey, yes!" She shrieked. " I want it! I want you to cum for me!" She left go of Will altogether and leaned forward to kiss her husband. They kissed frantically, breathing heavily through their nose and continued their fuck, even picking up the intensity.
Then Todd had to break the kiss, telling her, "Here it comes baby! Here it comes!" His head rolled back and he started to shoot.
Todd thrust his hips, pushing his cock as deep into his wife as he could, and she ground her pussy down onto him, she felt his hot cum shooting inside her, and she started crying out, cumming with him.
They shared their climax and kissed as she milked the last of his seed with her pussy, groaning in each other's mouth.
When he was finished shooting and began to calm down, Meagan knew she couldn't just collapse on top of him and catch her breath, like she normally would, she had one more man to finish off.
She looked over her shoulder and saw Willy, his angry looking cock in his big hand, waiting for her. It was one of the most erotic sights she'd ever seen.
She lifted herself up off her husband and scooted back to the other end of the couch, saying, "Okay Willy, let's go!" as she raised her legs in the air.
Willy was always quick for a big guy, and now he was on her in a second. He lifted her legs and placed her ankles on his shoulders and without the usual foreplay, knowing they were both beyond that, he stuffed his big cock into her well fucked pussy.
Willy could feel the extra lubrication of his friend's load, but didn't care. When he bottomed out, he felt the excess fluid leak down his balls, and still he didn't care. Her wail of pleasure was all that mattered. That and the opportunity to add his own.
Willy only stayed embedded in Meagan for a brief moment, before he started to pound her. He leaned forward, bending her in half, and spurred on by her cries of ecstasy he started to fuck her hard and fast.
Meagan let out a high pitched squeal with each thrust, matching Willy's deep grunting.
He used her shoulders for leverage and pulled her down to meet each push, and she grasped his back and ass, digging her nails into his flesh.
Todd would have loved to relax and enjoy his feelings of satisfaction with his wife, but the action at the other end of the couch made it impossible. Camera in hand, he rose on unsteady legs and began to film the epic fuck for posterity.
"CUMMING! CUMMING!" Willy shouted in Meagan's ear. He was not the type who stopped fucking when he came, if anything he fucked her harder.
Meagan couldn't even reply to his declaration, she knew he was cumming, she could feel the fresh, hot spurts, and it took her further into her own orgasmic high. She could only take it and cry.
Todd was fascinated by the display these two people, who he cared so deeply about, were putting on. He felt no jealousy, only excitement for them.
And, he realized, pride that his wife could not only handle Willy, and all he had to give her, but could get him off so hard too. Willy had had his share of women over the years, more than his share actually, and he was obviously enjoying every second of his time with Meagan.
Eventually though, that time slowed to a stop. The two, sweaty and exhausted collapsed with a heavy sigh.
Luckily Willy still had enough presence of mind to allow Meagan to straighten her legs out, and she wrapped her ankles around his calves and flexed her body against him, telling him, "Fuck Willy that was intense!"
"Yes it was babe, yes it was." He instinctively kissed her neck and she sighed. Then he heard the ding of the video camera stop, and remembered that he was on top of his best friend's wife, and Todd was right there watching him. He decided he should not get too comfy. He started to raise himself off her.
Meagan put her hands on his face and brought him back for a kiss, a long hot kiss. Then she told him, "Thank you Willy. We couldn't have imagined doing this the first time with anybody else. And it was incredible!"
"First time huh? I'm flattered." He told her. "But when you say it like that, it sounds like there's going to be a second time, at least." He smiled a devilish smile and sat up.
"Oh fucking right there is!" She laughed. Then she realized she hadn't discussed the possibility of a second time with her husband. She looked at Todd hopefully, "I mean, I think so. It was fun, right baby?"
"Fucking right it was!" He laughed, as he leaned in to kiss her.