They had been stuck in the traffic jam for some time now. A complete standstill on the motorway, cars were backed up as far as you could see. The cause? Traffic reports stated an accident a few miles ahead was the culprit, and that due to the severity of the debris it would likely be a matter of hours before everyone was moving through again. Ignitions had reluctantly been turned off and engines were rapidly cooling.
Within the car the seat belt was taut against her body, pressing firmly on her full bladder. She shifted slightly in her seat, angling her body sideways towards the window in an effort to relieve some of the pressure. Her bare thighs rubbing together as she manoeuvred herself sent a ripple of electricity through her, providing a brief distraction from her current state. Resting her head against the window, a low sigh escaped her.
Daddy glances over at her, a concerned look fleeting over his furrowed brow as he turns down the radio. "Yes Kitten?," he prompts.
"I need to pee," she murmurs, somewhat dejectedly. Her head still turned, watching the notorious grey British Spring drizzle decorate the windows, the day rapidly darkening.
The corners of Daddy's mouth twitch as a smile playfully dances across his lips. "You're not going to go outside?"
She turns to scowl at him, the lanes to both sides of them were also full of stationary traffic. They were surrounded by bored people that were searching for distraction and entertainment. Now wasn't the time to be teasing her about her pet status by suggesting she peed outside. As their eyes met her grumpiness was quickly dissolved into a giggle when she saw the mischief in Daddy's eyes.
"Twerp," she remarks cheekily with a roll of her eyes before she turns back away with a pout.
Daddy removes his left hand from its resting place on the steering wheel. To lighten the mood he finger walks it across the dashboard towards his grumpy kitten. His fingers reach the other side of the dash and take a turn. They jauntily continue their journey up Kitten's torso until they reach her pouting lips.
Instinctively, she parts them. Daddy smiles, she's well trained. He accepts the invitation, his two fingers snaking into her waiting mouth. Warm, wet, and always inviting. Her tongue immediately begins to eagerly explore them. Feeling her gag a little as he pushes them further in, Daddy feels his cock twitch reactively.
"Good girl."
Kitten is awoken from her trance by these familiar words. Remembering her grumpiness she withdraws from Daddy's fingers, nibbling lightly at the tips as she goes. Daddy chuckles. Kitten is far too naturally obedient and well trained to even consider being a brat, but that doesn't stop her from pretending to try when she's feeling pouty. Daddy knew she would quickly change her tune.
"So many people stuck here with nothing to do Kitten. Lucky for me I have you here."
Kitten doesn't respond. Her mind is still focused on maintaining her poutiness and trying to keep her mind off her growing physical discomfort.
Daddy places his hand on her leg, tucking it under the loose, dark fabric of her dress and feeling the warmth of her skin under his. He loves the juxtaposition of her smooth, soft skin against his slightly rough and calloused palm. The heat building between them both is comforting. His fingertips graze the edge of her underwear.
"Take them off."
"But Daddy..." Kitten turns to him, her big eyes have joined in with the pleading.
"Kitten." There's a stern edge to Daddy's voice this time. This is a demand not a request. Kitten glances around at the nearby cars and realises nobody can see very much from their low vantage points, although those in the higher 4 by 4s and trucks would have a different view, should they care to look at the wrong (right?) moment. Quickly Kitten shifts in her seat and hooks her thumbs under her waistband, removing her knickers in one swift motion.
She passes them to Daddy who carelessly tosses them into the backseat. Apparently she won't be needing those for the remainder of the journey. Daddy's hand is replaced on her thigh. Her legs automatically part to invite him in. This time his fingertips graze the scrumptiously soft skin of her bare pussy. Searching for her needy slit. And oh how sweetly he is rewarded when he finds it. Met with a soft gasp, Kitten is wet and ready as always.
His touch is electrifying. She feels her nipples harden and strain at the thin fabric covering them. She flushes, suddenly aware of her exposure. Although her dress is still covering her body there is no doubt where Daddy's hand is now. He is teasing her slick entrance with his fingers.
"Daddyyyy." Kitten pleads, whining a little whilst gazing at him with her longing eyes. Her hand moves to wrap around his wrist, feeling the strength of the sinews resisting within as she tries to push him away. Conflicted as her hips arch towards the hand she is trying to remove. Her pussy desperate for more, for those fingers to enter her, for some release.
"What Kitten?" Daddy enquiries, a smile dancing across his eyes as his fingertips lightly tickle her clit. Allowing himself to be held back slightly by her delicate little hand, amused at Kitten's apparent inner conflict as her hips jerk to meet his touch.
Kitten removes her hand from his wrist, parting her legs wider and shifting forwards slightly in her seat to allow Daddy better access. The move shifts her dress further up her thighs, exposing more skin.
"Good slut." Daddy smiles at her, the corners of his eyes crinkling with pleasure. She blushes. Deftly his two fingers enter her needy hole making her gasp. "Pull down your dress."
Confused, Kitten lowers her dress around Daddy's arm draping the hem near her knees. Daddy chuckles softly, "No honey, here." He tugs lightly at the top strap of her dress, demonstrating her mistake. Sweet, innocent, little Kitten. Whilst still buried in her pussy, and maintaining eye contact, he uses his other hand to very slowly and deliberately pull the hem of her dress back up. Slightly higher again than it was previously, a squirm could easily fully expose her.
"Dress, little one." Daddy gently reminds her. The words seem to shake Kitten out of a daze and dutifully she pulls both arm straps down. Briefly exposing two full breasts before she covers them with an arm.
Daddy smiles again. That gorgeous smile that makes Kitten wet. The one she thinks about seeing between her legs when she masturbates.
He removes her arms and gently places her hands behind the headrest, one on top of the other. "No moving." Kitten nods dutifully. A shiver passes over her as she considers glancing out of the window. What other people might see if they look in. Her breasts are fully exposed now, her nipples achingly hard. Her desperate cunt cocooned in Daddy's warm touch, just a couple of inches of fabric away from being uncovered too. She decides not to look. Hopefully the drizzle and steamy breath will be disguising enough.
Daddy begins to expertly pump his fingers deep inside her, looking at her in the eyes throughout. Adoration clouded by horniness gazes back at him. He begins to tweak her nipple firmly with his free hand. Making her moan instantly. She's locked her fingers together behind the headrest to stop her hands from slipping down and disappointing Daddy. She writhes with pleasure, the movement preventing her clothes from covering any of her modesty.
Daddy breaks eye contact for a moment to admire her glistening pussy with his fingers enveloped deep within. Her swollen clit is begging for attention. He removes his hand from her nipple and places his fingertips on the precipice. Locking eyes again he swiftly gets to work. Her eyes widen and mouth parts. He rapidly rubs her clit whilst continuing his assault on her insides. Within seconds he can feel her muscles twitching and contracting around his fingers.
She yelps her safe-word just as a stream of hot liquid begins to erupt from her. Daddy stops instantly. The fingers on her clit are relocated, oh so quickly moved to instead stroking her hair for reassurance as Daddy asks if she is okay.
She mumbles, her head down. Placing his fingers under her chin Daddy tilts her head towards him. "What was that Kitten?" Averting her eyes and flushing with shame she explains that she peed a tiny bit. She just couldn't help it. She lost control and she was so, so sorry Daddy for making a mess.
Daddy visibly relaxed. He withdrew his other hand from the clutches of her wet pussy. Kitten was clearly embarrassed by the unexpected incident and her loss of control, but Daddy knew there were further boundaries to push.
"Well Kitten, what do we do when we make a mess?"
"Clean it up?" Kitten answered nervously, her eyes as wide as saucers now.
"Good girl" Daddy remarked. As he did so he brought his fingers, coated in a mixture of her juices and pee, up to her lips. Gently, but firmly, he pushes them as deep inside as they can go, making Kitten's eyes water.
She dutifully accepts the task. Still sat with her hands locked behind the headrest, her nipples are standing proud and her cunt is messy, a small puddle of fluid pooled on the leather seat beneath her. She allows her mouth to be utilised to clean Daddy's fingers of her mess.
Daddy removes his fingers after a couple of seconds. Although the cleanliness is debatable, they are now glazed with a thin layer of Kitten drool instead. Daddy places them in his own mouth and sucks them hard, as if to savour the taste of her mouth. Fuck. Kitten's eyes roll closed with pleasure as she bites her lip. A sharp slap on her cheek brings her quickly back to reality.
"You haven't finished yet, Kitten." His voice is stern. Kitten looks at him with eyes like deep pools of melted chocolate, wondering what is in store for her next. Daddy gestures to the wet seat she is on. "You've made a big mess of Daddy's car Kitten, and you know how I feel about that."
Kitten lets out a small sigh. She glances out of the window. It's still drizzling and dusk is gradually beginning to take over. There are some cars nearby of course, but nobody seems to be paying much attention to them. If they did, from their low vantage points they would only be able to see from just below the shoulders and up. Luckily no high vehicles are close enough to be able peek in.
She unlocks her hands and manoeuvres herself onto her knees, scrunched up in the footwell of the passenger seat. She glances fervently at Daddy. There are no smiles. He is looking down at her, expectantly waiting. Very slowly and tentatively she lowers her face towards the puddle on the seat. Too slowly in fact, Daddy firmly places his hand on the back of her head and smooshes her face into the puddle.
"Bad Kitten!" Daddy chastises. "Lick up your piss you filthy slut."
Kitten does as she is told. Daddy removes his hand from her head and sits back to watch as she laps at the puddle with her long tongue. Her face dripping wet. Naughty kittens need a firm Master to keep them in check sometimes.
When she is finished cleaning the upholstery with her mouth, Kitten clambers out of the footwell and sulkily curls up on the seat. Daddy smiles at her, and leans over to pull the straps of her dress up to cover her breasts once more. He places a soft kiss on her forehead. "Thank you Kitten" he praises. Kitten melts adoringly.
Daddy uses a napkin to wipe her face dry, then passes her a bottle of water. Gratefully, Kitten accepts, she takes a gulp to clean her mouth out of the taste of her pee, but she is quickly reminded of the full feeling in her bladder. Although she peed a little earlier she had stopped so quickly that it had just taken the edge off her discomfort. Her bladder was still quite full and the traffic seemed to be going nowhere fast. The last they had heard it would still be a minimum of two hours until the road would reopen.
Daddy seemed to have come to a similar conclusion, as now Kitten tries to pass the bottle back to Daddy he pushes it back towards her. "Drink it all up. You need to stay hydrated baby." There is a loaded pause. Kitten reopens the bottle and slowly and methodically empties the contents down her throat. She knows better than to argue with Daddy, he always knows what's best for her, even better than she does. She's just a silly little Kitten. She passes the empty bottle back to him.
Time continues to pass slowly. Outside it grows dark as night begins to settle in which quickly halts people-watching and i-spy, but nevertheless Kitten and Daddy manage to conjure up some silly games to make the time go that bit faster. Increasingly Kitten becomes aware of a painfully full feeling in her bladder. She's hurting now and struggling to hold it in, but there's nowhere to go. She just has to wait it out until the road reopens and they can stop at a service station. Daddy's insistence that she continues to regularly hydrate has only made her situation worse. She begins to sniffle a little.
"How are you feeling, Kitten?" Daddy asks, concern evident in his voice.
"Full Daddy." Kitten responds honestly, her voice faltering a little as she does so.
"My poor little kitty cat, feeling uncomfy? You need to pee, huh?".
Kitten nods sadly, a tear building up and threatening to spill over her lower lashes and cascade down her face.
"Oh sweetheart. Hang on, Daddy has an idea to help you to feel better."
Daddy reclines his seat fully so it is lying almost flat.
"Come here little one."
Kitten enthusiastically pounces on him. Straddling Daddy's waist now the bounce as she leapt over sends a jolt through her body that makes her clench her muscles tight to avoid peeing. Daddy laughs at his playful Kitten and strokes her hair lovingly.
"Kitten, turn around and place your hands on top of the backseat headrests, then lower your pussy onto my face. Daddy will make you feel so good you'll forget everything else. BUT you have to tell me if you feel like you might pee. If you pee in the car again I will leave you here to make your own way home. Am I understood?"
"Yes Daddy." Kitten confirms obediently and gingerly begins to assume the position that has been requested. Soon enough Kitten's warm cunt is positioned just above Daddy's mouth. He hooks his forearms around both of her thighs and pulls her in close, as if to eat her up entirely. He takes a long, firm lick of her entire pussy and her legs almost buckle. She tastes of pee, sweat, salt and her juices that are deliciously sweet like wild strawberries. He hungrily devours her, his tongue exploring every crevice and expertly working her clit.
Her knuckles are turning white from gripping the headrests so firmly. Her moans are so loud that she has no doubt the other cars will be able to hear her, she's practically screaming in ecstasy but fuck it - she doesn't care who hears. She's so lucky to have a Daddy who knows her body so completely. She rocks her hips, grinding her pussy on his face until the pleasure becomes almost unbearable. She begins to reach her indescribable climax, the waves of pleasure of her orgasm washing over her completely as she emits a guttural scream. Too late she realises the muscle twitches of her orgasm are stopping her from holding her pee. She's trying as hard as she can to contain it but she feels the slightest trickle running out of her.
Immediately, Daddy flips over, pushing her sideways off him in the process. He delivers a short series of hard, loud, spanks with his bare hand onto her arse, a couple of them grazing her pussy too, making her yelp and cry. The spanking was so hard her bottom has immediate swollen red marks. Those will make for an interesting bruise tomorrow.
Just as quickly as he started, Daddy stopped and rolled onto his back again. Kitten was disorientated. She had managed to hold her pee from exploding any further and her bladder felt like it might burst at any moment, she was breathless, barely out of the exquisite throughs of her orgasm, and her arse and pussy was searing with pain from Daddy's blows. She heard the noise of Daddy unzipping his trousers.
Kitten looked behind her. Daddy was laid back on his chair again, this time with his beautifully generous, hard cock standing rigidly up from him. The tip pulsating in invitation.
"If you act like a filthy whore you will be treated like one. Come here so I can empty my cum into you. You will not piss. You will not orgasm. You are here to serve me. To be a human fleshlight. To apologise for all the trouble you have put me through today. If you remember your place as a cheap slut I might allow you to piss when I'm done with you. Is that clear?"
Immediately Kitten tries to gather herself and manoeuvres to impale herself on Daddy's big cock. She knows she can't keep him waiting. As soon as he is fully inside her he places his hands on her hips and lightly bounces her. Utilising her body to wank himself off.
Kitten desperately tries to keep herself together. Daddy's cock feels magnificent and she is so sensitive after her orgasm and spanking, but she knows she must abide by his rules if she wants to be allowed to pee soon.
Daddy delivers another slap to her face, making her pussy clench tightly around his shaft. "Moan for me whore. Tell me how much you enjoy Daddy's cock stretching your messy cunt. Make me believe you deserve my cum."
Kitten doesn't even need to think. She's moaning loudly the second he gives her permission. "Fuck me Daddy, please. I need you inside me. You feel so fucking good and I'm so lucky it's my cunt you want to use. I know I've been naughty but your cum is my favourite treat Daddy, please let me have it. I'm begging you."
Daddy erupts inside her, cumming intensely with a groan. Pulling her hips down onto his so he can shoot his load deep inside her as his cock abuses her cervix. When Daddy is finished Kitten removes herself from him, hungrily cleaning any remnants of sperm from his now softening cock with her eager tongue.
Daddy gently tugs her head upwards by her hair and starts to put himself away and redo his trousers. Kitten flops over to her seat, breathing hard. When Daddy has regained his composure he guides his chair back to the upright position and addresses Kitten.
"Thank you Kitten. You may go outside now."
"To pee Daddy?!" Kitten asks, mortified.
"Yes, little one. You certainly aren't pissing in here. Be a good girl and go outside. If you crouch in front of the car nobody will be able to see you in the dark."
Kitten thinks for a second, Her options are limited and she is absolutely bursting now. Daddy will be furious if she has any more accidents. She reluctantly swings open her door and slips outside. The car to the side and behind them give Kitten a curious look as she walks along the road, however Daddy was right. In the darkness nobody can see her once she steps out of the light and in front of Daddy's car. She squats and lifts her dress up to avoid splashing it. Cum is dripping out of her used pussy and down her thighs now. She closes her eyes for a moment and a furious stream of hot piss begins to exit it. A flash prompts her to open her eyelids mid-stream.
She can't fucking believe it. Daddy has turned the headlights on full beam. Displaying her proudly for all neighbouring cars like she's under a spotlight. Barely covered by her dress, her face dirty, a mixture of cum and piss hitting the floor beneath her as it leaves her naked cunt. The humiliation flushes over her as she witnesses the strangers gawking at her show. She needs to pee so badly still that she can't stop now. She averts her eyes to the floor as she finishes her evacuations. Then clumsily staggers back to the car, trying desperately to avoid eye contact with anyone.
She sits back in her seat, furious and beyond embarrassed. Daddy is chuckling lightly. "I thought you were a kitty cat," he teases, "you sure looked like a deer in headlights then." Kitten sat pouting, avoiding looking at Daddy too. For a fleeting moment he wondered if he had gone too far. He leaned over and placed his hand on her hot cunt, feeling instantly how turned on she was. Never mind he thought, and continued to smile to himself as the road finally cleared and traffic started moving about 10 minutes later.
The end.