It was Friday morning and Geoff had said his goodbyes first thing He didn't however take the time to give me a kiss goodbye though. I knew I should be pissed at him about it but I was just finding that I cared less and less. He had to go to work but was leaving straight after work to go to his work conference. Jerome seemed a bit down and after Geoff left I spoke to him about it.
"What's up Jerome? You don't look too happy."
"I'm okay."
"Mhmm clearly. You know you can still talk to me. You'll never be too old to confide in your Mum."
He smiled and shook his head as though I had told some kind of joke but he opened up anyway.
"Oh I guess I'm just bummed that Dad isn't going to be here to help. I'm leaving for college and it's a pretty big deal for me. I just wish he could have been here for it."
In that moment I was pissed at Geoff for putting his wants ahead of Jerome's needs but that wasn't going to change anything and the last thing I was going to do was put his father down in front of him.
"I know it's crap timing but it really couldn't be helped. I will be here for you and Uncle Ben will be here soon too."
"I know Mum. I guess I'm just nervous."
"Yeah I can understand that but you know what? The best things in life are the scariest to do."
"I guess so."
"Yes it will be a little weird until you start making some friends but then you'll be so involved in everything that we will be complaining that we never see you anymore."
He laughed a little but didn't deny it. I ruffled his hair like I did when he was little then leaned down and gave him a hug.
"You are going to have a great time mate. Just go and grab life by the short and curlies and have a great time. Play sports, go to parties and get laid; just don't forget to study."
This time he let out a genuine belly laugh. He shook his head and looked at me in wonder.
"You still know how to surprise me mum. I never would have thought I would hear you say that."
"Life is for living Jerome. Don't make the mistake of going down the easiest path and getting stuck in a rut. Explore the world and yourself."
"You're sounding very philosophical today."
"Well that's what happens when your baby grows up and moves out. Now finish up your breakfast and go finish packing please. Uncle Ben will be here soon."
"Yes mum."
He got up from the table and as he walked out the kitchen door I felt a bizarre mixture of sadness, pride and excitement. Beth walked in moments later and she too wasn't looking happy but I didn't have to ask her what was wrong because she just let it fly.
"I can't believe you're making me go to school today."
"I know, I'm evil scum."
"Mum seriously, I'm not joking. It's not fair. I've got practically nothing on at school today and I could really benefit from going to look at the college because I'm going there too in case you've forgotten."
"First of all Beth, You have a full day of classes on today and training this afternoon. So don't feed me that bull crap. Secondly, by the time we get everything of Jerome's in the car there won't be any room for anyone else and finally, you get a college tour later this year where you will be shown everything you'll need to know. So stop nagging me about this."
She spent the rest of the morning huffing and procrastinating in the hopes that she might be able to talk Ben into taking her once he arrived but he still wasn't there when it came time for her to go. She said goodbye to Jerome on the way out the door but made a point of not talking to me as she left. I called out behind her as she walked down the driveway.
"I love you too sweety."
I couldn't help myself. I know I shouldn't be a smart ass but to be honest there was no way I was getting into it with her today.
I was just sitting down to have my coffee when I heard the car pull up in the driveway. It took every ounce of restraint I had not to run out to greet him, preferably naked. I remained as cool and composed as I could while Jerome went out to greet Ben. I sat at the table trying to look calm and composed as I heard them coming in through the door all the while my heart was pounding in my chest and my pussy was practically salivating.
Ben walked through the door and as soon as he laid eyes on me he had a fire in them that was impossible to ignore. He was clearly just as wound up as I was.
"Hey Sis. How are you doing?"
"Dripping cum and wanting your cock inside of me."
Well that was the reply that went through my head anyway.
"I'm good thanks and you?"
"A little anxious to get on the road to be honest."
The look he was giving me was of a primal animal that was relishing the thought of eating it's prey and by god I wanted him to eat me so bad. I had to pull my eyes away from his or I was going to mount him where he stood. I looked across at Jerome who was giving us a strange look as though he knew something was going on but he didn't understand what. Oh shit, I thought, get your shit together girl before you ruin everything.
"Yes. Yes you're right. We should get going. Jerome, how about you start loading your stuff into the car."
He gave me one final funny look and I felt as though he could almost read my thoughts but didn't quite understand them. I tried my best not to blush but I don't know how successful I was. Jerome walked back to his room and reemerged seconds later with a huge suitcase over stuffed with his clothes.
He headed out through the door and the second he was out of sight Ben was on me, or I was on him, I'm not really sure who took that first step but the kiss upon meeting was very much mutual. He wrapped his arms around my waste and pulled me to him hard. His lips found mine and I was instantly lost in his passion. I could feel his bulge hardening against me and my pussy was all but begging for him to just slide straight in. I wanted him like I have never wanted another man before.
Way too soon Ben was pushing me away and I felt a wave of disappointment wash over me followed by relief as merely seconds later Jerome walked back in the door. Without a word I walked ahead of him into his bedroom to help him collect more of his belongings. By staying ahead of Jerome and taking my time to pick up one of the boxes I hoped I was giving myself enough time for some of the heat that I could feel in my cheeks to dissipate.
Within an hour we were fully loaded and on the way. The back of the Ute was fully loaded and Jerome was cramped into the small seat in the back. He was seated behind me but his feet were behind Ben and he was sort of half propped against the door. He looked completely uncomfortable and I knew the next couple of hours were going to be torture for him. They were for me too but for totally different reasons. I was feeling strangely uncomfortable in my underwear. I had decided to wear them for the simple reason that I kept getting so wet lately that I knew my dress was going to end up with a large wet patch that would be impossible to hide. I even contemplated wearing a sanitary pad because I wasn't sure my underwear was going to cut it but there was simply nothing less sexy than a pad so I decided the risk was worth it.
For at least the first half hour I felt ridiculously nervous and the discussion was stilted and weird even to my ears. Eventually we began talking about photography and the pair of us moved past our awkwardness.
We were about twenty minutes from Jerome's university when I looked back to him and noticed that he was lost in his phone with headphones on. I smiled to myself and made a little hand signal to Ben. He looked across a little confused at first until he noticed me undoing the upper buttons on my dress. I undid them almost down to my navel then simply opened it up and allowed my breasts to just spill out.
The look on Ben's face was brilliant. That hunger was back but it was tempered with nervous glances in the mirror to see whether Jerome had noticed and trying to concentrate on the traffic. I began playing with and squeezing my nipples and Ben was almost drooling with lust. The sensation was driving straight through my body and setting my pussy on fire. I was so fucking horny it was unbelievable. I was almost out of control with lust. I even began slowly raising the bottom of my dress up so I could show Ben just how wet my pussy was before Jerome moved in the backseat and I lost my nerve.
I covered my self back up and luckily it wasn't long after I had that Jerome sat up and leaned forward between us pointing out the main entry to the university as though we hadn't seen it ourselves. To be honest it was nice seeing Jerome so excited to be taking on this new phase of his life. We pulled up at the offices and Jerome all but ran inside to get the key to his new dormitory and while he was out of the car I took the moment to speak plainly to Ben.
"Dammit Ben I am so frigging worked up right now."
He chuckled and shook his head.
"Yeah I picked up on that. I have to admit that I'm more than a little turned on myself."
He scooted his butt forward on the seat and leaned back a little revealing his hard cock outlined through his shorts. There was no waiting on my behalf. I leaned closer to him and after a quick glance out the window I wrapped my fingers around his hard cock. I could feel it pulsing in my hand as Ben sucked in a sharp breath and let out a moan. I could tell straight away that what I already suspected was true. Although not ridiculously proportioned his cock was definitely thicker than Geoff's and perhaps a little longer too. This is not some bizarre story written by an insecure young man who thinks every woman wants a twelve inch cock as thick as a tree stump but I have to admit the differences excited me. I knew from the pictures Ben had sent me that he had a nice fat head on his cock but at this point I couldn't really tell through his pants. Ben began to move.
"Here he comes."
At first I thought he was telling me he was about to cum in his pants and I was disappointed that it had all finished so soon but then it dawned on me that Jerome was coming back to the car. I released Ben's cock and made sure I was still presentable as quickly as I could.
Jerome jumped back in the car and gave us directions to his room. We drove around and parked in the designated car park and decided to go have a quick look at where his room was before coming back for any of the heavy stuff. So each of us armed with small bags and boxes made our way into the place. His room was quite a way into the building and I was already thinking it was going to suck trying to move some of the heavier things this far. There were no big pieces of furniture but even mildly heavy things became really heavy over distance.
Jerome opened the door to his new home and we all traipsed inside. Plain doesn't even begin to cover it. Bare cinder block walls with gray nondescript carpet and one window. There was one room and on one wall was a bed, the opposite wall had a bench along it that I guess served as kitchen/dining/study and on the wall with the door was a built in robe. Not exciting in the least yet Jerome was looking around as though it was a wonder of modern engineering. Apparently there was a communal bathroom just down the hall.
Jerome was grinning like an idiot which was nice to see and moments after dropping the few items he had with him he grabbed the keys off Ben and ran off to get more of his belongings. I laughed at his enthusiasm and Ben was smiling too.
Ben pointed to the bed with a smirk.
"So how many ladies do you think he will have had in here before the end of the year?"
I smacked him on the arm and gave him a look that said "I don't want to think about that" but to be honest the thought of Jerome frolicking in there with some naked young girl really got my motor running. I swear sometimes I think I'm losing my mind.
I moved to the door and leaned out to see if Jerome was on his way back yet but there was no sign of him. I felt Ben's hands slide around my sides and pull me back against him. A shiver ran through my body causing my nipples to harden once again as he leaned down and placed a kiss on the side of my neck below my ear. I wriggled my ass against him and was rewarded with the feeling of his hardening cock pushing against my ass.
"God I want you Ben."
Ben just growled as he nibbled on my ear lobe and ground his cock into my ass crack.
"I want your hard cock inside my body."
I rotated my hips once again and ground my ass onto his cock.
"Mmm oh yes. tell me more."
"I want to taste your cock and your cum."
I gasped as his hands slid up from my waste, cupped my breasts gently and expertly found my nipples as though he had done this a hundred times before. This was so risky, I had no way of knowing if Jerome was walking down the corridor or not. He could literally walk around the corner any second and there would be no hiding what we were doing.
"You need to let go Ben."
"Never."
God that sounded good as he murmured it into my ear.
"Seriously, Jerome could walk in any moment."
"Tell me one more thing."
I sighed in exasperation but I was almost at the point of completely losing control. I wanted him to know exactly how I felt.
"Okay. I want my brother's cum dripping from every one of my holes."
He released his grip and I turned around immediately. I grabbed hold of his cock and kissed my brother with a fervent desire. I quickly let go of him, stepped away and straightened myself up.
It turns out we could have played a lot longer as Jerome got talking to someone out at the car but at least the wait gave us a bit of time to calm down. Jerome's new friend showed us some trolleys that we could use to move the rest of the stuff, which made it a lot easier and quicker than we expected it to be.
Eventually the time came for us to go and I felt so torn. Part of me was reluctant to rush off and leave Jerome on his own yet another part of me couldn't wait to be on the road again with Ben and to relieve some of this crazy tension that had built up in me.
"Mum, it's okay. I'm a big boy, I'm sure I'll be fine. Apparently there is something happening in the hall tonight for all the new students so I'll be busy. You and Uncle Ben need to get going home."
"Alright then. Just remember I'm only a phone call away."
Both Ben and Jerome rolled their eyes at me.
"Alright I get it. I'm being a nagging Mum."
They both laughed but then Jerome did something he hadn't done in a long time. He leaned down and gave me a hug.
"Thanks for everything Mum. I do appreciate it. Shame Dad couldn't be here."
I tried to keep the attitude out of my voice.
"He'll make it up to you Jerome."
I was going to make sure of it.
Jerome let me go and with a wave he was gone back into the building. I turned to Ben and gave him a wink.
"Let's get going Ben. I have a need to be naked."
Ben smiled wide as he all but sprinted for the car.
We were no more than ten minutes down the road when the traffic had thinned enough and my confidence had risen enough for me to start unbuttoning my dress. The sun coming through the windscreen was warming the car up and air conditioning in cars dries my eyes out so I wound my window down. I took my hair out of it's usual ponytail and let the breeze blow through it. I knew I'd regret it later when trying to get the tangles out but the feel of it was too good to resist.
Ben kept stealing glances at me but although my dress was almost completely undone to my waste all he could see was my chest and belly. The way he kept looking at me made me feel so incredibly desirable and teasing him was making me so turned on. He reached out tentatively and ran his fingers slowly up my leg from my knee, slowly pushing the hem of my dress higher and higher as he went. Finally I decided to stop teasing so much and just nonchalantly shrugged the dress off my shoulders.
There I was completely naked and on display from the waste up with my window open and there for the whole world to enjoy. My nipples were as hard as diamonds and my pussy was soaked as I enjoyed the hungry look in Ben's eyes and the thought that anyone in an SUV or truck would have an unobstructed view of my naked flesh.
Ben reached down and adjusted his obviously hard cock into a more comfortable position. Oh how I wanted that cock. I had to have it.
"Are you enjoying seeing my tits in the flesh instead of on a screen Ben?"
Ben growled as he leered at me.
"Hell yes although I can't wait to get my hands on them."
"Don't let me stop you."
He growled again and his hand reached out. It was obviously awkward for him to play with me while he was driving but the moment his fingers touched my breast a violent shiver ran through my body. He played with my nipples and every time he squeezed down on one my nerves buzzed with an energy that drove straight to my clit.
He released me as he held the wheel to go around a bend in the freeway and then reached down to adjust himself again. His cock was pushing hard against the front of his pants.
"That looks really uncomfortable Ben."
"A little."
"How about you let it out then?"
He gave me a serious look reminding me that what is done can't be undone. The reality was though that there was nothing I wanted more, right at that moment than for Ben to be inside me, to become my lover.
"Are you sure?"
"Never been surer about anything Ben."
He smiled and began trying to undo his pants. I don't know if any of you have tried to do this while driving but it's very awkward and difficult. I could see him struggling so I leaned across and helped him. I was leaning right over when his cock was finally released from it's confines and Ben sighed a sigh of relief. Seeing that lovely cock in the flesh, smelling the scent of his skin and seeing the drop of pre-cum already forming on the tip was all too much. Without asking or even really thinking about it I took his cock in my hand, giving it a light squeeze then lowered my head further and licked that drop of pre-cum.
"Oh fuck!"
Ben moaned as he was assaulted by this unexpected pleasure and that was all it took for me to be totally lost in the situation. I took his cock in my mouth and began lowering my head down onto him. I swirled my tongue around his knob, savoring his sweet salty taste and making his cock as wet as I could with my mouth. I felt his hand rest on the back of my head, running his fingers through my hair as his hips began to rise and fall. He never thrust hard or pushed my head down, he was gentle with me but I didn't want gentle. The thought of being his cum hungry cock slut sister drove me into a frenzy. I lifted my head off his cock just long enough to tell him what I wanted.
"Fuck my mouth Ben. Use me. I want your cum in my mouth."
I went straight back down on him taking him as deep into my mouth as I could. I knew this probably wasn't the best blow job he had ever received as I was very much out of practice. I couldn't even remember the last time I had sucked on Geoff's cock but I intended to make up for my lack of skill with enthusiasm. I started to bob up and down pushing as hard as I could, fucking Ben with my mouth. It excited me to know that merely meters away there were cars all around us on this freeway and here I was, naked and sucking my brother's cock. I gagged a few times as his cock pushed into the back of my throat but I didn't care, the sluttyness of that just added to it. I felt his hand begin to grip my hair and I moaned in response. I couldn't believe it but it felt like an orgasm was creeping up on me. I had never had an orgasm without some physical stimulation either in or on my pussy but sure enough I could feel one building in me right now.
"Oh Sis if you don't stop soon I'm going to cum."
That statement alone was nearly enough to send me over the edge. Instead I increased my suction, my tongue swirling and the tempo. The intensity was like nothing I had felt since the first few times I ever had sex. His hand began to tighten it's grip in my hair and his hips were thrusting up harder into my face now. I was taking his cock as deep as it would go and the feeling of my nose pushing into his pubes gave me real sense of pride.
The whole time my own orgasm is approaching and I seriously wanted him to fuck me right now but I also knew that wasn't going to happen yet. I was content with getting him there and allowing myself to edge for a while was fun too but what I didn't expect was to have a full blown orgasm as he reached his own climax.
"Oh God I love you Sis."
He cried out as his cock erupted into my mouth. There was so much cum in that first burst that I had to swallow it down. The rest I kept in my mouth, savoring his strong manly flavor as he moaned and twitched in me. I kept moaning around his cock as my own orgasm washed over me. I had no idea I was even capable of cumming in such a way. It wasn't a massive mind melting orgasm but oh it was so sweet and hearing Ben say he loved me just made it even better. I slowly released Ben's cock after swallowing down the remainder of his cum. I sat back up in my seat, feeling just how wet my pussy had become in the process and I smiled at Ben. He had this look of shock and adoration on his face that I just found ridiculously cute.
The rest of the drive home was fairly uneventful apart from the fact that being exposed the way I was had me all kinds of turned on for the majority of the trip. By the time we pulled into the driveway at home it was after my normal lunch time and in spite of the delicious snack I had already had my stomach was grumbling. Ben drove all the way down the driveway and on a whim I decided to get out of the car completely naked. I hopped out and slowly strutted across the driveway and up to the back door of our house. I know it was risky, so much could have gone wrong and so many questions would then have to be answered but the thrill was worth it, as was the look on Ben's face.
We walked inside and I went straight to the kitchen where I began making some sandwiches. I strutted around the kitchen, showing off every angle I possibly could to Ben. I could see him growing more and more restless as time went by and I was loving teasing him so much. I didn't think he would be recuperated enough yet to go for a second round but it turns out I was wrong.
I was bent over in the fridge looking for something in the back when I felt his strong hands grab me from behind. The forcefulness of his grip sent a shiver through me. The angle of his hands changed as he knelt down behind me but the strength of that grip never changed and it let me know that I wasn't going anywhere.
I squealed with surprise as I felt his face push in between my cheeks and when his lips and tongue made first contact with my pussy I went weak at the knees. He supported me the whole time as his tongue worked my clit then he sucked my pussy lips into his mouth. I was on the verge of cumming almost immediately but then his mouth released me as quickly as it had attacked me. I felt a desperate sense of loss for a moment but that was replaced by a sensation that I had never had before.
Ben released my hips then used his hands to part my cheeks; that was when I felt his tongue slide directly up and over my asshole. I was shocked. I had never imagined that someone would want to do that to me, never even thought about having it done but the sensation I was feeling right at that moment was incredible.
It sort of tickled but in a really nice way but when he used his thumb to start circling and stroking my clit I knew I was seconds away from exploding. My thighs began to shake and my stomach was clenching and unclenching. Suddenly there it was and I was riding the waves of my orgasm as I leaned inside the fridge. As my orgasm crested and began to subside Ben latched on to my pussy again using his lips and tongue to great effect on my clit and pussy opening.
The orgasm that I thought was subsiding suddenly rose up again even higher than it did at first but when he drove his tongue deep inside me I all but flooded his face with my cum as it burst forth from me. It was all I could do to stay upright and a lot of my weight was balanced on Ben's face. I was gripping the shelf in the fridge and I had managed to knock over about half a dozen items. My legs were shaking like an electric shock was running through them and I wasn't sure if they would be able to hold my weight.
I felt Ben stand up behind me and I too straightened up and turned around on very wobbly legs. I threw my arms around him and embraced him in a big hug and kissed him full on the lips. I slid my tongue into his mouth and I could taste my own cum on his lips. I kissed his face and neck and held him tight as I could feel his cock straining to get through his shorts, the pressure of it gently knocking at my already open door. I stepped back a step to admire the man that had just made me feel so good. There was my brother standing before me, looking better than I had ever seen him look before and covered in my cum.
"I think we both need a shower."
I didn't wait for a response and the sandwiches were completely forgotten as I took him by the hand and led him to the bathroom. I closed the door behind us, not that I was afraid of being seen it just felt like the right thing to do. It was more intimate in the enclosed space. I pushed him gently back against the door then slipped his t-shirt up over his head. He held his arms up then helped me slip his shirt off.
I kissed him firmly on the lips and a shiver went through me as I felt his hard nipples and strong chest press against the bare skin of my breasts. I kissed his neck as I ran my hands up and down his muscular back while he held me tight against him. I kissed my way down to his chest as his hands reluctantly released their grip on me and I dragged my nipples slowly down his chest and stomach as I kissed my way down to his own firm nipples. He sighed as I took one into my mouth and flicked the hard little nub with my tongue.
My hands found their way down to the button of his shorts and deftly popped it open. Slowly I slid the zipper down then let his shorts fall to the floor. I began kissing my way down his stomach as I slid his underwear down his thick muscular thighs. I felt his cock pushing against one of my breasts and I briefly entertained the idea of taking his cock between my breasts and pleasuring him that way but I wasn't going to deny myself any longer. I took the head of his cock into my mouth and worked his cock with my tongue and lips until I could taste his pre-cum flowing again. I then allowed his cock to slip from my mouth before we both got too carried away.
I left him standing there with a look of unbridled lust on his face as I strutted my way over to the shower. I turned the water on and stepped in. The water felt amazing as it struck my over sensitive skin. I beckoned to Ben who stepped into the shower with me. Admittedly it was a little cramped for space but the feeling of our naked, slippery bodies moving and sliding against each other was incredible.
Ben motioned for me to turn around and began soaping my skin and washing my back and shoulders. He seemed particularly thorough about washing my butt and when he reached around and began washing my breasts he seemed to be particularly concerned with making sure my nipples were very very clean. Not that I was complaining, it felt great, especially when he began kissing my neck, shoulders and ear lobes.
He wrapped his arms around my waste and pulled me back against his body. His cock felt so hard and good nestled between my ass cheeks. I wiggled my hips and felt his cock sliding up and down between my cheeks. It felt pretty nice to me but it obviously felt even better for Ben who moaned into my ear.
"Oh God you are making me feel so good Sis."
"I hope so. That is kind of the point isn't it?"
"Yeah but you have no idea how long I have wanted this. Wanted you."
"Really? This goes back further than our little trysts online?"
"For me it does. I have wanted you since we were teenagers."
I was shocked. This was obviously something relatively new for me but I had no idea it went back so far for Ben. I wanted to know more. I ground my ass along his cock a little as I asked.
"Tell me more, tell me all about it. What started this?"
"Do you remember when we went on that family holiday to the Gold coast? How we had to share that room in the motel?"
I remembered it well but it wasn't something I had really thought about in years. Two weeks of torture where Ben and I had to share a double bed because Dad stuffed up the booking. He honestly thought he had asked for two singles and a double but we were stuck with two doubles and the Motel either couldn't or wouldn't change it. I had very recently discovered the joys of masturbation and I knew that sleeping in a double with my brother was seriously going to cramp my style. I became very good at making opportunities. In restaurant toilets, in the car while the others slipped out to go shopping and several times a day in the bathroom back at the motel. Mostly when I was having a shower in the evening and early in the morning I would wake up before Ben did. The interesting thing is I guess that was where I got my first taste for risky situations. It only seemed to last for the holidays though and things soon calmed down and I went back to being a good girl when we got home.
"Yeah I remember it. I remember that neither of us were very happy with the arrangements."
"Yeah well for me it was a case of extreme awkwardness. The first night we were there I woke up during the night. I didn't even think about you not being in the bed with me because I was half asleep. I got up to go to the toilet but as I got to the door I noticed the door slightly open and light shining through the gap. I was about to ask you how long you were going to be when I heard a noise like a little moan. Curiosity got the better of me and I looked through the gap in the door. There in the mirror I saw you reflected, sitting on the edge of the bath. Your pajama pants were on the floor and you had your legs spread wide apart. One hand was working circles on your pussy and your other hand was under your shirt obviously playing with your nipple. It took me a moment to realize what was happening because it was just so unexpected but oh the moment that it clicked into place my cock went from fully soft to hard as ice in seconds. I'm surprised it didn't tear a hole in my pajamas."
I had no idea that Ben had seen me doing that. I would have been mortified at the time if I had seen him watching me. Now all it did was turn me on even more. I kept wiggling my hips but Ben had other ideas. He moved one foot between mine and pushed my feet further apart then I felt him lower himself down a bit. When he moved back up again I felt his cock slide between my thighs and it slid between my lips then across my clit. I looked down half expecting to see it protruding in front of me but it must have only just gone past my clit. I tilted my thighs back and forth gently feeling his knob slide back and forth across my clit. It was such a wild tease.
"What did you do then Ben?"
"Within seconds I was stroking my cock, effectively standing right next to you as you played with your pussy. When you came there was no way I could stop myself from doing the same. It was awkward because I had to stay silent which is not easy and I had to catch it in my hand so it didn't go all over the floor. I didn't want you to step in it as you walked out of the bathroom. I came hard and there was a lot of it but before I had even stopped you had stood up and were pulling your pants up. I panicked and practically ran, or more accurately hobbled, back to the bed with one hand full of cum and the other holding up my pajama pants."
I couldn't help but giggle at the mental image that conjured up but my giggle became a moan as Ben slid his cock back and forth again. It came tantalizingly close to entering me this time. Ben kept talking as he teased my pussy.
"I heard you washing your hands as I climbed back into bed trying not to spill my handful of cum everywhere. I tried to steady my breathing and pretend to be asleep as you came out of the bathroom and walked around to your own side of the bed but I was convinced you'd be able to hear my heart pounding in my chest."
"Oh Ben that feels so nice."
"Mmm it does doesn't it."
The thick ridge of his knob was rubbing back and forth across my entrance and I knew that all I had to do was bend forward a bit and he would slide into me. I held off just a little longer because the tease felt so damn good but I knew it wouldn't be long before I wouldn't be able to control myself.
"So what did you do with your handful of cum?"
Ben chuckled.
"I picked up what I thought was my t-shirt on the floor and wiped it clean on that but I realized pretty quickly that it was too small to be my shirt. Turns out you had dropped your panties on the floor that evening when you had either gone into or out of the bathroom. I can't tell you how much it turned me on to know a pair of your panties had my cum all over them."
God it turned me on to think of his cum soaking into my panties. I know at the time I would have been thoroughly grossed out by the idea but now it turned me on so much. He slid his cock forward again across my clit and I almost came. It was amazing how high this roller coaster ride was taking me.
"What did you do with my Panties Ben? I know you wouldn't have risked putting them back in my things. They must have been the ones I had been wearing that day or I would have noticed them missing when I went to the bathroom."
"Mmm they were definitely the ones you had been wearing. They spent the majority of the holidays in my pocket where I could feel them or take them out and smell our mixed scents on them when no one was around. I almost wore out my cock on that trip."
I laughed at the image and realized it was a pleasant thought now to think we had spent so much time masturbating together even if I was unaware of it. I wondered how I would have reacted if I had caught him. Probably like a brat to be honest but it's so sexy to think about the possibilities.
"that's a bit nasty Ben. Sniffing dirty panties, but fuck it turns me on thinking about you stroking your cock right next to me like that."
Ben thrust forward again sending another thrill through my clit. It was almost an involuntary action when my hips tilted back that little bit further. It was almost like I had lost control of my body and it was now doing whatever the hell it wanted to. That nice fat head on his cock felt incredible as it split my lips apart and began to enter me. It was about half way in when Ben froze, realizing he had finally penetrated me.
A moan escaped from me that sounded almost like it came from someone else. I braced my hands against the wall of the shower and bent further forward. I could feel his cock twitching inside me as he tried to keep control. He took a deep shuddering breath.
"Are you sure Sis?"
"Fuck yes, fill me up."
I moaned again as I pushed myself back onto his cock, impaling myself until I could feel his body pushed hard up against my ass. His cock felt so good inside me, so right. It wasn't as deep as I wanted it but the position we were in wasn't helping that. His fat cock head felt incredible as he slowly slid in and out of me. My pussy seemed to cling to it like life support, as though it had been waiting for this cock forever. I doubted whether Geoff's cock would ever be good enough again.
Any thought of Geoff though was driven from my mind as Ben slid almost all the way out of me and then thrust back in as deep as he could in this position. The next thrust pushed my orgasm completely over the edge and it seemed to surge with each thrust inside of me. I had completely lost control as I spasmed on his glorious cock. I felt his hands supporting me as he thrust harder and faster. I had a brief moment of fear that I would collapse and be injured but I knew Ben's strong hands had me and I lost myself in the thrill of this amazing orgasm I was experiencing with my brother.
It had almost subsided when I felt Ben drive as deep and hard into me as he could. His fingers digging into my hips as he gripped me tight. I felt the surge as his already thick cock swelled inside me and the feeling of his cum splashing against my cervix sent my orgasm back through the roof. The next thing I remember is standing there on very wobbly legs watching cum run down my thigh and feeling like a sex crazed teenager again.
I wanted more. The feeling of Ben cumming inside me was perfection. I wanted his cum in and on me in every way possible. Sadly that was when the three o'clock chime went off from the clock in the hallway and I realized that we may be in trouble unless we acted right now.
I turned to Ben with a look of panic on my face. He unfortunately took it the wrong way.
"Oh god Sis I'm so sorry. I took it too far didn't I. I promise to never do that again."
"God no and if you don't do that to me again you will be in big trouble mister. No it's three O'clock and Beth will be home soon."
I watched as the blood drained from his face.
"Shit!"
"Yeah."
Ben jumped out of the shower, grabbed a towel and his clothes and ran towards Jerome's room. I turned off the shower and got a towel of my own. If it wasn't for the panic I would have been on cloud nine. I was still having these pleasant little flutters in my belly and I was feeling deliciously naughty.