This is the final part of a three-part mostly fictional story, but loosely based on some actual experiences had while camping. All characters are fictional and are over 18. The story is self-edited and proofed with the help of software. Some errors are expected.
We take up part three of this story right after the two couples awoke from their first swap. They decided to try to spend the whole day naked together to celebrate the event and take advantage of the privacy, and the beauty of nature surrounding this camping spot.
Soon after the naked breakfast, and a visit from the neighbors, plans for the rest of the weekend came together.
Not long after their guys went fishing in the buff, a smoking hot Lori and Cassie, looking good in nothing but aprons, finished cleaning up the breakfast pans and dishes. They had just finished and shed them when the neighbors joined them, and this time all four of them. The girls were in swimwear but had their guys in tow. Their guys were looking sheepish like they did the last time they saw them, but this time it was because they were without clothes.
It was both a strange and funny scene, but at the same time, they could see the young guys were hot. They looked them over and saw that they had some reaction from seeing the naked older girls. With their dicks exposed, it was hard to hide their excitement. Because these hot older girls were naked like they were, and had their tits, and asses exposed. The guys did not have the experience of being naked and being shown off like the two hot naked girls they were exposed to.
That is when they found out that these young people were their kind of people. The girls had such a good sense of fun and humor.
Mia shined a light on the subject, "These are our slaves, you showed yours naked to us, so we decided to show you ours that way as well. As you can see they are equal to each other in their penis size. We have yet to determine if one knows how to use his better. Let us introduce them, this is Troy and Dave, I have only fucked Troy so far, he was satisfactory in his fucking skills, but we will probably switch slaves the next time. I have to say that neither one is very good at eating pussy, only girls are born with the instinct to know how to eat a pussy. So we may just take care of each other the next time, and let them watch and learn.
We were pretty fucked up last night, yes we were influenced by you four and were sitting around our campfire. Lynn drank too much or took something she did not share with us. We were getting turned on, and Lynn had to pee, she barely left the fire. There she was squatting as we watched the last bit of pee leave her pussy when she went down on her naked butt. We checked her out, and she was breathing, and her heart was beating. Being the nice friends we are we stripped her naked and sat her by the fire. We fastened her to the chair so she did not fall in when she came to.
We stripped her so she would not feel out of place when she came to, as we decided to get naked about then. I was left to take care of these two horny slaves. So, let's just say when they say a guy has maned-up, I girled-up. I sucked both mine and her date for the night. They did their best cunnilingus on me, that's how I know they need some further instructions. It was not a bad night though, maybe they had too many Jaeger shots to concentrate. Dave was the next to fall out and leave the threesome, so Troy and I fucked half the night, then put them to bed.
"Well, that's it, that's our story up until now. We decided to take you up on your invitation to share the beach. We do plan on swimming nude with you, we just made our slaves come au natural in nothing but shoes as a riff to you. I hope you don't mind us fucking with you, we thought but were not sure if you were fucking with us last night, showing us your men naked.
We already caught a glimpse of your husband's naked butts, as they held their rods, fishing rods that is. They look like some serious fishermen, fishing naked like that their man poles so flaccid that they must have been really serious about the fishing. You guys are smoking hot naked by the way, look what you've done to our guys. I guess you did warn us that nude was your preferred dress while camping in this hideaway you found. We already have adopted your dress code after dark, and sometimes in daylight, but we do have less privacy from the road."
Cassie and Lori were kind of speechless, then started laughing. Lori took it, "I guess we met up with some worthy rivals. Welcome to our nude campsite and beach, we are about ready to take a dip, it has been so fucking hot this month, and we just cooked in aprons that were almost too much to have on. We had a big night last night too, thanks to the comment you made about getting the wrong slave. We played a game that ended with us fucking each other's husbands in front of each other after years of teasing.
It was a breakthrough night, and your suggestion for a game started it. We enjoyed it so much that we fucked and sucked them several times, and kept the swap going all night, not sure if it is over yet. They say variety is the spice of life, and I guess variety in sex is part of it.
The best part for me, even better than getting the biggest dick was watching my husband fucking our friend. I got to see if he treated her to anything special, he has not been giving me. He was a little more into it with her, but she was new he claims, so I have to give him credit, he always tries to give me his all with his slightly smaller tool than her husband's, so how can I complain."
The four of them in the nude did join them in the water, but they mostly just goofed around and talked. It was a group skinny dip. It was the first look that Cassie and Lori got of the younger girls nude. Yes, the 6 or 7 years of youth did make a difference. The fact that they were so fit made them wonder what Jim and Bill would think when they saw them for the first time unclothed?
They had boners that seemed to grow the first time they saw them while in clothes. Mia had breasts very much like Cassie's a little smaller and firmer though. She had piercings in both her button and her clit hood. Lynn was a little thinner, and her build was more like Lori's. There was something about her blue eyes and blond hair that made her even with Mia as far as looks. They both had very few tats other than their tramp stamps. Mia had a unique tat, it was two arrows pointing to her clit hood. Instructions were above, "Lick Well Before Fucking!"
All the girls had a conversation then some individual ones followed. Lori thought Dave was hot and was stalking him as a cougar would her prey. It was fine with Lynn and Mia, in fact, they encouraged it. She made sure to get real close and even made some contact just to see his reaction. She pretended to shoo a bug off of his neck, which got her face close to his and allowed her to push her breasts against him. Lori did not think he could have any interest in someone older, but eventually, his hands were exploring her underwater, and she countered by grabbing his dick which was already a little stiff even in the water. That was just the game she was playing, flirt enough to get a reaction to see if he was interested. He expressed his interest by laying it on her about how she could be a model. Told her she made him hard, but she already knew that.
She said to him, "You're so sweet!" She did that as she pulled him down for a short kiss, and let her thigh press against his erect penis. Just enough to test him a little more, they then talked some more while they played with each other's private parts underwater. She stroked his cock as he fingered her a little. She could not believe she could even do that sober with a strange young man. The previous episode with the fishermen, and the swap gave her more courage.
Cassie was herself with Troy, using her best asset by pressing them against him. He just came out and told her how fabulous her breasts were. She pulled a typical Cassie bold move and put her hand on his cock as she said, "I think both your cocks are above average, but it is hard to tell in this lake water. Make you a deal, let's work our way behind that fallen tree for cover, let our fun parts surface, and I will let you explore more."
She let him lean against the tree as he fondled her tits some more, and she sucked his cock. He was almost inside her when she stopped him thinking it was too much. They went back to the others just in time to see the husbands show up in the buff from fishing. The two younger girls were pretty anxious to get close to the older men they had already seen that way.
The feelings were mutual, once they got a look at the younger girls nude. They said they just came to see what was up and maybe swim. Their wives gave them the OK, and they too, ended up paired with a young companion and feeling what their wives were. They all saw the bit of cum on the sides of Cassie's mouth, but only Jim mentioned it. "Looks like you have already gotten close with your date?"
No reply was expected or was one given. He knew she was a slut when she could get away with it. She showed that during the swap, both wives did.
Then they all swam a bit, a challenge was made, and they all got into an elimination chicken fight. They got to see most of the girls, and feel their young pussies on the back of their necks. Cassie never fell, she had those strong legs, only her tits flapping around is a problem. She was the winner and the star, what guy does not like seeing a girl in a catfight as her huge tits flail around?
When that was over, the older guys went back to fishing, and the young ones started throwing a Frisbee just to do something besides standing there naked. Because Lori and Cassie were in a conversation with Mia and Lynn. Mia wanted to know if they ever have done Molly. Lori answered that by showing them her tramp stamp with the words that were part of it, "Blame it on Molly" close-up.
All Mia could say was, "Wow, we are not worthy enough to party with you guys. But if you want to join us, we planned on getting fucked up tomorrow and engaging in some debauchery. We have enough Molly for all of us to get in a party mood and sample some new cock. If you really want to go all the way and get fucked on demand, I have enough Viagra for the guys. I know they are young and virile, but with young guys, this will make them much harder, and for a longer period."
Lori and Cassie were in, their guys seldom needed any help keeping it up unless they were drinking. They were not sure what Molly might do to them but knew that the Viagra could get them frequent fucks from multiple guys. The thought of two of the guys being young and new to them made it even more intriguing.
They had to explain to Mia and Lynn that Jim could be persuaded easily, but Bill, maybe not, he may need some oral persuasion as far as the Molly. She had a plan, she always does. She told her to get her guys and tell them we could use some help carrying our cooler back to the campsite. Then go corral our guys as they are fishing, you're naked and they are, so find a way to convince them. She said in short, "We will entertain your guys while you entertain and convince ours, guys are so easy to convince when you are naked."
Once back at the campsite Lori and Cassie sat down and called them over to them. "I think your girls may be blowing our husbands by now. So how about coming over here, and these two older women will even things up and blow you, the prize is getting to fuck us if your girls get ours to take some Molly."
Well you know the answer, they worked a while then switched guys. It was hard for them to believe that what happened the night before gave the so much more courage and freedom. Now they had young cocks in their mouth, and both had hands full of young asses to grip.
Hey, they were not complaining, their guys that is. After what their wives pulled off the night before, they figured it freed them up to take blow jobs from the two young ladies. Yes, that worked to convince even Bill to take both pills, when they added the promise of wild sex while on with them that Saturday.
But could they wait that long for sex? They still had the rest of the day, and evening to entertain themselves.
The guys had their fishing contest to finish, and the girls were naked and bored. They went to the beach and left the guys to themselves. The fishing spot and the beach were not all that far from each other, but around a corner out of sight, and far enough to not be within earshot distance. They enjoyed the girl-on-girl they had earlier, blowing the young guys got them horny and thought stimulating each other's pussy might be an option. So they headed there with all the stuff they needed including the small cooler with drinks and some pot. It was a little early to get buzzed, but they did anyway, there was no one there to judge them.
They sat and talked and smoked a bowl, it and the fact that they were naked in nature was all it took to get them pretty stoned. They talked about their spouses, they talked about what they would like to do, and have done to them by the younger guys while on the Molly. It was brought up that they both had three cock that were not their husbands to suck and be fucked by. It got them both horny, and when they put lotion on each other they ended up kissing, serious girl-to-girl kissing, and then went as far as putting fingers in each other. They were going at each other hot and heavy when they were interrupted by the sound of a boat. It got their attention, as they heard the motor cut off, as it switched from the big motor to the electric fishing one.
Lori got excited when she made the boat and the young guys in it. It was the guys that Lori and Bill fucked in front of. This was not a big surprise, it was logical. If you had a favorite fishing lake, and you watched a naked couple willingly fuck on a blanket for your pleasure, that spot would become one you would at least check out when you went fishing. Lori was not sure if they made her or not, but she was glad to fill Cassie in that it was the guys from Thursday morning. She did not say anything, she knew what to do. They were naked and still worked up, so they started kissing again and groping each other, naked girl-on-girl was not going to turn the guys off from at least watching for sure. That was all they wanted from them, and maybe for them to show them what they were packing. Girls like to look at dicks, especially excited ones.
They had a good session going, and the guys pulled in closer. Lori up the ante and went for Cassie's pussy. She had her ass pointed toward them as she lifted Cassie's big ass and ate her out. They were enjoying knowing they were being watched. They wished that had a cock, a strange one even more, and there were two, not 50ft away. When Lori came up for air, they looked at each other, thinking the same thing. Lori said, I am willing to chance it, you know how involved our guys get fishing, and they have snacks, we probably won't see or hear from them until lunch. Being that their husbands had already got a blow job from the young girls, what much could they say if they did something with these guys? They did not have to fuck them, but they could have some fun with them as they got off.
Lori waved them in, the two guys looked at each other first, but in minutes they were tying off their boat on a rock. They were a little and not much if younger than the friends they just made. Lori started things, when they came up to them, little talking took place. Lori took the lead as she had some leverage to get them naked and more.
"So did you guys enjoy the show my man and I put on for you, we assumed you were of age?"
"Well of course we did, see this beer? Well, were are both old enough to buy it. As far as hoping to see you again, do you think we cruised this place to catch fish, I bet you men are not having much luck? The fishing has sucked at this part of the lake lately, too much noise from party girls like you may be the cause."
"I sure enjoyed being watched by two young fishermen, it was my first time as an exhibitionist, and seeing you two jerking off added to the thrill. My friend and I would like to get each other off, and I bet you guys would like to get your rocks off too, you could join us, are you in?"
"What do you have in mind?"
'You would need to get naked too of course. Not promising to fuck you, let's see you naked up close first, then we can decide how far we will go with you."
The two guys were amazed that this was happening, the memory of their first vision of Lori naked that first day had stayed in their minds. They just could not believe they were getting to do at least something with her.
The two of them came ashore, stripped what little they had on, and stood there naked waiting for her next command they figured.
Lori and Cassie first looked them over, they were two built young men and were already showing some signs of arousal. Lori took things even further. "You have seen me and my husband get it on, and I and my girl here get it on, it is your turn. If you come close to us and jerk off for us, it would inspire us, and we will provide you with a view of our self-pleasure. What would you like to see? We have toys, do you want to see us fuck each other with them? That should get you off, and we might even supply you with some tits to cum on, that is the best we can do right now. If you're in, just grab those young cocks and start, and we will spread our legs for you."
It was not getting fucked by strangers, but they figured they would get that chance on Molly the next day. This was going to be pretty fucking awesome. She only had one toy, so they shared it and used it on each other. One was a little timid but the other got started right away. The guys were more embarrassed about jerking in front of each other than in front of two naked girls, that's just straight guys. Lori and Cassie saw that, and it was Cassie's turn first, and she spread their legs as Lori showed her ass, as she fucked Cassie with the dildo.
Sitting stoned on a blanket having two young men now fully erect and jerking for them was quite enjoyable. They both were big enough that they wished they could fuck them, but they provided a pretty good show. After the girls got each other going, they laid back and looked up at the cock and balls show they were getting to enjoy while they masturbated. Both guys were fit and pleasant to look at even without the erections they were now showing. At the same time, they were enjoying the feeling of their own fingers inside themselves, adding to that the absolute attention they got as they watched.
One of them appeared to be less experienced, but he seemed to be taking the other's lead. Lori could see he was not going to last long and motioned him up and told him to straddle her on his knees. She did not want this to last too long with their husbands around the corner so she reached out and cupped his balls. Almost instantaneously he started firing off rounds of cum ropes, some hitting her chin before he lowered his aim to her chest.
The feeling of the cum hitting her was amplified by the pot, the lake view, and mostly the hot nude body of this young guy getting off on her nude body. She could not help herself from pulling him closer by his ass, and cleaning off the bit of cum still dripping from his cock with her mouth.
Cassie's guy was lasting longer, and so Lori pulled her guy down to sit beside her as they watched. He was nervous sitting next to her so she took his hand and gave him something to do. She laid it down on her pussy, and used her fingers to push two of his inside her. It was quite a sight watching Cassie and her guy but was worried about it going too long. Cassie must have had the same worry, or just wanted more from it and grabbed her guy by his ass cheeks and pulled him in for a finishing blowjob. She then took a big load from him and turned and showed Lori, and her guy her mouth full of his seed before swallowing it.
Lori thanked them for the show and asked them to do one last thing, pull away and fade into the distance before dressing. It was a nice touch, her and Cassie watching this young guy's cute little bottoms disappear in the distance. It was just what they needed to kill some time as the guys fished. It was probably going to be their guys that would be rewarded that night from them getting worked up. They decided to keep this between them however, nothing much to confess anyway.
The campfire that night was rather tame, Jim was in rare form that night though. The girls were still all worked up from the incident that afternoon. They did not want to show their hand right away, it was more fun fucking with them first. They sat with their legs crossed or knees together. The guys found that just pissing in front of the girls was not doing anything for them, they were used to it.
Jim was the drunkest however and started leaving when he had to pee. Bill could see what he was doing, as he was always hard or at least semi-hard when he came back. Finally, Bill told the girls, "Please take care of this guy, I can't bare seeing my drunk fishing buddy needing to go behind a tree to play with himself. He is back there right now getting himself hard, then coming back and waving it in front of you two. Give him a break, take care of that for him.
Bill was not without motive, they had not officially gone back to their own wives, and Lori stepped up to give Jim a blowjob. That gave Bill the chance to have Cassie again and leaned her over a chair to fuck her. Lori had to keep up, and then fucked Jim. That was pretty much the extent of their sex with each other's husbands that day, but it filled all their needs.
______________________________________
Saturday came, and the guys were fishing yet again of course. They were still game to get together with the neighbors, but the plan was to take the Molly later in the day. You get about 3 hours of intense high and several hours of buzz until you come back down. They promised it was good stuff from a chem student who makes it and no one has ever had trouble with it.
The neighbor couples came over to eat with them at 7, and they had a nice cookout with them. The plan was to take Molly after the fire was ready, and the guys had wood collected for it. Planning is important, you don't want to be walking around the woods fucked up trying to gather wood. Some had to be chopped up, so you don't want to be operating an ax either.
Everything was ready by sunset, and they took the Molly, all four guys agreed to take the Viagra, they too wanted to fuck someone new as long and as many times as possible. They got serious and drank some electrolytes to get ready. It did not seem to take long for it to take effect. Everyone was trying to talk at once, that is a good sign. The way it does affect you is based on the environment you are in, and this was a great one, open to anything and you could not have a better place than a camping spot next to a lake.
Mia and Lynn left the fire saying they had some extra things to enjoy that she brought along. It was fortunate that everything she bought was in packages of a dozen or more. They were pretty fucked up when she came walking now naked out of the dark, it was freaky. Mia was the first to be naked, well, naked with a twist. All you could see was a bunch of neon aglow and moving toward them. It was not until they got close that they realized it was a naked Mia, with Lynn escorting her with a portable black light.
She had brought glow paint, and glowing neon tubes made into party jewelry and had them all over her. One was a necklace, and she also had a pink headband. Then there were the multicolored bracelets she had around her waist, wrists, and ankles. Not a lot of time was spent with the paint, as there was not a lot of time to do everyone in an artsy fashion. Her breasts were pink with blue nipples, her groin was pink with her labia blue as well. She was just stunning standing there glowing from the light that Lynn set up. More lights were brought out, rechargeable battery ones, and a couple that were just modified flashlights.
Mia took Bill by the hand and told them she would do all of them one at a time. Bill was more than happy to have her helping him shed his clothes and was standing in front of her as she did him. Did him she did. The ones she had for the waist were not big enough for the guys, so she had to think of a substitute for the midsection. She had Bill stand back and looked at him, she had an idea. She took his cock in her mouth, which was quite puzzling to him, but not unwelcome. Bill was thinking this was a little strange, but then again he was not going to stop this hot younger woman from blowing him.
She was just getting him erect for a purpose, so when he had an erection, and with the V in his system, it would likely remain that way most of the evening. The cock ring she was fashioning would not be too tight. Once he was hard, it was hard, and he could feel it. She went on to paint his shaft blue and his knob a light pink, it seemed to be the theme for the guys.
She barely had to blow Bill before he was showing serious wood. She had size rings, and a bunch of bendable thin sticks that were made so they could connect and you could pick your rainbow colors. She wrapped and tightened a florescent yellow one on Bill's hard cock behind his balls to keep it in place. It was a cock ring then and with the V she figured it should help keep the guys hard as well. He got a halo on the top of his head too, it was blue, it was on all the guys, and pink ones for the girls. That theme was kept using mostly blue on the guys' parts and pink on the girls.
The glow sticks and tubes were not all of it. She sent him back to get someone else when he got there and he was all aglow and looking awesome to the girls. He was met with comments and laughs, but in truth, the girls in their state liked seeing that his cock was hard already and showing no signs of shrinkage as he sat with them. Some laughs came from what she wrote above his groin, it was (Teenie Weeny) with an arrow pointing to it. Once they all got their composure Mia took Jim next and Lynn as well. This sped things up as she did them together and had Lynn help her, just with the guys they had three more cocks to get hard and decorate.
Jim came back hard with (Is Bigger Better?) on his belly. Lori's belly said, (Tight Pussy) Mia and Lynn were done by Cassie and Lori, Mia's read, (Young and Slutty), Lynn who looked so very young had (Barely Legal) on hers. They were not quite as kind or creative with their guys, Troy and Dave, they ended up being (Bigger Cock) and (Smaller Dick).
By the time she was done, a couple more lights were positioned by the others as well. Then 4 Nudes with Cocks, and 4 Nudes with Pussies and Tits were running around the campsite. They were moving their florescent glowing arms, tits, dicks, and the glow sticks they had in their hands. Yes they were, the guy's colorful cocks were all hard, and waving like the girls pink breasts going up and down, The girl's pink pussies kept fucked up partygoers from groping the wrong sex.
It was a naked rave for sure, the radio on the Wagoneer blasting through a decent set of speakers it came with. Everyone just looked so fucking awesome and it got things started. She said she got this stuff from a friend that had a booth at Coachella and she had helped her sell and decorate with it. She was both paid, and given some of her inventory, and also loaned her some black lights. It was a sight that was very conducive to hallucinations with all the streaming colors.
The size of this party was a surprise for the young girls, it was just to be a very small soi·rée at their campfire. This was so much better having 8 instead of 4 as they had planned for, she was glad she brought enough stuff. It meant new pussies and cocks for everyone. She knew these old guys had, and nice size penises that would be hard, and had passes from their wives to use them on anyone for the night.
There was also the fact that all the guys would likely be able to stay hard as long as needed. Mia and Lynn had come up with a party plan that involved a lot of fucking, and hoped it would be more female dominant for a change. Having fun was the purpose, but also wild sex with multiple partners. The campfire provided some light but not so much to interfere with the black lights. It was also a spot clear of trees giving them some room to party. Using what Lori and Cassie had brought for a beach blanket and one that the other two brought they made a stage for live kinky sex.
A format was described by Mia for the first show, it was to be a treat to the guys, that all the girls had been abusing verbally. They had not yet seen their female friends engage each other, so they went first. They put on a nice show for the guys, each female couple were new to each other. The Molly not just increased libidos, it gave courage. Mia partnered with Lori and Lynn with Cassie. Not one of the guys in the audience did not have a full erection as they watched girls eat each other out, and fuck each other with florescent dildos. Mia knew the paint was safe for humans, and all the girls' mouths were smeared with their partner's pussy paint.
Next, it was boy-girl sex, It did not have to be spoken, but the wives just automatically partnered with the young guys for this. They started by dancing with the guys with their hardons and glowing cock rings. Their own glow sticks and jewelry flashed around as they did. They performed the first fucks of the night. One couple at a time as the others watched as they waited their turn.
Mia's reaction to Jim's big cock was a highlight. She did not want to quit, she fucked him every way she could. It was not just the best it was the longest and ended with him standing holding the ass of her tiny body as he fucked her. The was not up against him but holding his shoulders. It allowed the viewing of more colors of paint and glow jewelry. The girls watching were mesmerized watching his cock ring as it created a color streak as he fucked her hard and long. Lori who was the biggest fan of that cock, was hallucinating. What she was seeing was more like a much larger cock, and smaller Mia. She hoped to get a turn with it and did later on.
They were having fun beyond their dreams, no one had a bad reaction. The Viagra might have been too large of a dose as it was still working after the Molly had faded. Most of them had to find a way to lay down when they were too tired to party, but sleep was not possible. Jim found out late, well early the next morning that resting while spooning while his dick was deep inside one of the girls was the only way. Of course, they did not object to that solution. It was soon copied by the other guys when they needed a break.
Despite all the debauchery and fun they all were having Mia, who had the most experience with Raves, was vigilant in reminding them to hydrate. There was only a small mishap, Jim was the victim of a stubbing on a tree root. He was so mesmerized as was Bill with the younger girls he did not watch what he was doing. He made a big deal out of the stubbing, so the girls all gathered around to kiss it, and other body parts better. It was not too surprising that that act morphed into a foursome, as Mia sucked his dick, and then Lynn sat on his face. Bill was the fourth and was fucking Mia as she serviced Jim. That left Lori and Cassie with the young guys and they formed a chain. Usually done as all-female, but they made it work without it becoming bi. It was shaped like a square, and I guess you could call it a Hybrid Partner Swap, Powered by Molly.
That session ended after each of the girls was given pies by a male of course. A break was taken down at the beach, they had to move the lights and coolers but it was worth it. It was a boost for the party down there with more room and fewer obstacles, and when someone waded in the water the colors reflecting off the water and mixed with what the moon glow was just plain awesome!
The glow idea meant everything that night, that alone provided them with entertainment ideas for the next few hours. The girls made the guy all lay down with their cocks sticking up and glowing, and they were just going from cock to cock and riding them. It was a glow orgy, and the color streaks the girls' breasts bouncing made were probably the main feature.
Regardless of all the energy they had, more breaks were mandatory for hydration and a short rest as they did. Hydrating and resting were almost as much fun as playing the games. They were staggered, so pairs of connected at their sex could watch the others still going. Some
It was only a matter of time before the sexual part got serious, and that was entertaining too. It was not just group games that were played got things going.
One of the things that you might not expect would happen, and were a bit unusual was caused by the abandoning of inhibitions to do about anything. A series of solo performances were enjoyed by all. The girls had phallic-shaped glow sticks to masturbate with, and the guys, if they had any cum left to give, jerked off and offered the girls tittie shots or facials.
Being so close to each other at both the fire and the beach made watching the simple evacuation of one's bladder was a new thing for most of them to watch, or even do. It was the young girls that started the habit of getting rid of Gatorade spontaneously. What guy would turn his head away when a hot woman stops, squats, and spreads to take a pee right in front of the guys or each other? The guys had never been shy that way, they didn't even have to squat, just grabbed it, aimed, and let loose their streams. Sometimes the girls would two, three, and eventually all four and pee together, just to get the guys going. Seeing them squat together sometimes holding the other's arm to balance themselves and giggling, especially when knee-deep in the water was special and quite sexy in its way. The Molly made the sound seem amplified like a waterfall.
Cassie took the prize for getting fucked the most, although now one counted it was obvious. One of her hotter combinations, or demonstrations you might call it, was her getting fucked doggie. She had young Troy's cock in her mouth, and as Dave was slapping it to her pussy, it seemed like they were in a perfect position to get the full benefit of some moonlight, in combination with the black lights. Everyone but Jim and Mia stopped just to watch it, they watched too, but it was while Jim was taking her doggie on the same blanket. For the three of them that watched in such a fucked-up state, it was like a laser light show. It was hard to keep track of who did what with whom, but even though threesomes popped up during the night, and early hours of the morning, there was little need to fuck the same partner twice.
Generally, the older-younger theme was followed. Jim and Bill fucked both of the young girls, and Lori and Cassie both had each of the young guys, singly and together. It was Lori's chance to try something new, and with strangers in front of Bill and the others. Lori took her first true DP from these young men that were new to her. It was quite a show as both got a turn fucking her in both her holes. This made it an even bigger thrill for her, she likes anal sex now and then, and is a thrill-seeker.
Watching his wife DP turned Bill on immensely, and Cassie could see that. It was her chance to do something she had only tried to do in college with little success. She used it as a chance to talk Jim and Bill into taking her that way. Sometimes it was painful with Jim because of his size, but they were not changing holes, it was Bill's cock anally and Jim's vaginally.
The younger girls and guys just watched, it was something for them to consider sometime. They jumped in afterward and licked up the vaginal pies. The guys all just sat and watched, it was a hot show in its own right.
Not all the guys had the same amount of hesitancy with each other. It was a good time to try something that all guys won't admit to, not even to themselves without judgment. One of the reasons guys like seeing videos of the few guys that can reach at least their knobs, is they are curious about what it would feel like both on their penis, and in their mouth as well. So the young guys tried a brief bro-job.
I guess it was also a sign things were winding down when all that was left is masturbating and experimenting.
They could not have been blessed with better neighbors on this trip. The party was not over, they were still buzzing, but guys can only fuck so much before needing recovery time, the mini blowjobs were entertaining, but not long enough.
Lori wanted to do something else crazy. She proposed, the guys were pretty much cumless, but she got all four guys to piss on her at once, fulfilling her getting pissed-on fantasy to the fullest. She laid back as she did with Jim the year before, but that was not then, or probably will never be mentioned. This time with four men, and for the first time even her husband joined in.
The guys pissed on her everywhere but on her head. Cassie and the young girls were amazed at how hot it looked, but the way the Molly made Lori's naked body glisten in the moonlight, made them all want some too. That never happened for all of them as there is only so much piss to go around.
How much of this night would be remembered, or more like how it would be, and if it might affect relationships were unknown. The whole thing wrapped up sexual-wise with blankets joined together and some sleep and resting, and a sexual act or two. They all 8 ended up in the 6-person tent as the light from the glow sticks faded with the people that wore them.
It was the most fun any of them ever had on a camping trip, the party, and Mia's knowledge sure helped in it. Eight lethargic campers packed up. Then took one last skinny dip together hoping the cool water would revive them before they hit the road, wondering if they could ever top that trip.