Before I get into this story, I would like to remind you about a few things. First, I am a nudist and an exhibitionist. Second, I do NOT have a long dick. My cock is only five and half or six inches when hard and rather small (about two inches) normally. Even though I have a small cock, it has lots of fun and these stories, designated with the 'TAM' prefix, are about real experiences. My stories are real, even though the names are changed, and I try to keep them as true as I can remember them. Occasionally, for the story telling aspects, I do compress time and places.
I got a phone call from our human resource department letting me know that I had been randomly selected for a drug test. The test was required to be done that day. I picked up the form from the secretary and she gave me the directions to the place. I headed out an hour before and drove to the lab.
I was surprised at how small the place was, and that there was only one car in the parking lot. I went into the lobby and as I stood by the check-in counter a beautiful brunette came around the corner. She was wearing a white lab coat and gloves. "Sorry," she said, "I'll need a minute to clean the toilet."
She disappeared around the corner into the bathroom while continuing to talk to me. "I just can't believe what slobs some people can be," she said. And she went on about how often she has to clean the toilet and speculating on the condition of the bathroom of the average people that frequent the lab.
"Are you the only one here?" I asked.
"Yes, I am the only one here all week long." She answered.
"Really," I responded, a little surprised.
She finished up in the bathroom, put away the cleaning stuff and removed her gloves. "I'm Laura," she said and extended her hand to shake mine. I shook her hand and introduced myself as Maxx.
"What can I do for you today," she asked.
"I was randomly selected to come in for a drug test," I answered, handing her the form.
"You look a lot better than most of the clients that come in here," she said, as she came around the desk and began punching information into the computer.
She asked lots of questions and we chatted a lot in between. The more we talked the more relaxed I felt with her and soon we were talking like a pair of rather close friends. Our chat grew progressively sexual and I was actually becoming quite aroused by the conversation.
The printer spit out a few sheets and she grabbed them and headed back to the working side of the counter and opened the door for me to enter. "Okay, take this cup in the bathroom and fill it to at least this line," she said, as she pointed to a line halfway up the cup. "Do not flush the toilet though," she added.
I took the cup and stepped into the bathroom. "Do you have to watch?" I asked hopefully.
"No," she replied and then added, "Usually only women."
"Oh really?" I said. "That could be enjoyable."
"Not for me," she said, "I'm not into women."
"Would you like to watch me?" I asked, hoping that I didn't cross a line that would get me into trouble.
"If you would like me too, I could," She replied.
"Sure, that sounds fun," I added.
I moved around to the side of the toilet and began to unbuckle my belt. She came around the corner and stood in the doorway as I lowered my pants and underpants in one motion to my knees. I stood back up and looked to see her reaction.
She looked at my rather small cock and tilted her head. "What do you think?" I asked.
"Well," she said, "You are about the same size as my ex-husband ... but it looks cute. But what surprises me is the jewelry and that you are shaved."
"Well, yes," I replied. "I've been shaved for many years now and I usually wear some type of jewelry on a regular basis. This is nothing more than a watchband without the watch."
I raised the cup into position and began filling it. I watched her watching me for most of the time and only looked down in time to stop before overflowing the cup. I then finished draining into the toilet.
She took the cup in her gloved hand ad took it back to the counter and filled out the rest of the paperwork. I pulled up my pants and joined her at the counter, staying on the working side with her.
"So, you think my cock is rather small?" I asked.
"Well your not aroused, how long do you get when you are aroused?" she asked.
"Almost six inches," I said and then added, "Still rather small."
"Average, I guess would be the right term." She responded.
"Well, it is a little below average, but it has a good time," I proudly retorted. "What's the largest you've seen?" I asked.
"Well, the first cock I ever saw was about an eleven inch monster and he really tore me up with that thing," she said, very displeased about the experience. "My ex was like you, when he got hard he got to six inches."
She finished the paperwork and bagged the sample and removed her gloves. I watched her as we talked and even though the test was finished, I was in no hurry to leave.
We spent the next twenty minutes talking about our sex lives. Soon I was again becoming aroused, so while standing right in front of her, I reached into my pants and pulled the band of my cock and dropped it into my pocket. "I had to take that off," I said and then explained, "the watch band does not hurt to expand, but if I'm wearing it as my cock softens, it tends to bite me."
She asked to see it and I handed it to her. Watching it roll around in her hand was also adding to my excitement.
"So you are getting turned on by our conversation," she asked knowingly.
"Yes," I confessed. "I'll need to make a different type of donation when I get back to the office," I added.
"Really, you need to jack off after all this?" she asked.
"Definitely!" I replied. "Would you like to watch that too.?" I asked, never thinking I would get to do that.
"I have to leave for lunch in ten minutes," she answered, "But if you can before that, I'll watch."
I was in near shock at her reply. "Really? Where?" I asked.
"You can step back in the bathroom if you'd like."
I moved into the bathroom with my back to the sink. She stood in the doorway as I lowered my pants again. My cock was standing at about four inches at this point and I gently began stroking my cock for her as I watched her intently.
"Looks like you're enjoying this," she commented.
""Yes," was all I could say.
Laura unbuttoned and removed her lab coat and hung it on the hook around the corner. I looked over her body as my cock reached its full length. Her body type was my favorite, not a skinny model type, but a woman with a little meat. Her breast were about 36C or so, but I noted that her nipples were not aroused. Her outfit showed off only a little of her cleavage, but in my aroused state, that was plenty.
She talked about some of the cocks she had enjoyed over the years as I masturbated for her. My precum began leaking out of the tip of my cock and I worked it up and down my shaft. Soon, I was getting very close to ejaculating.
"Mmmmm, not long now," I stated.
"Ohhh, cum for me," she said.
She reached into the pocket of her lab coat and pulled out a glove. I watched as she pulled it on. Then she put out her hand below my cock and said, "Here is a target for you. Do you want to cum in my hand?"
I managed a grunt just before I began shooting thick gobs of cum into the palm of her hand. She took her hand away before I was finished and a couple shots landed on the floor between us.
"Oh, yes!" I said as my orgasm subsided. She stood there taking off her glove and tossed it into the trash. I grabbed a paper towel and wiped of the remaining cum from my cock. She grabbed a couple to clean up the floor with.
"Sorry you had to clean the floor again," I said.
"At least this was my fault," she said with a wink. "But it is noon and I got to go to lunch."
I put myself back together as she grabbed her purse from the desk. We walked out the front door together and as she locked the door, I said, "I hope I get called for the random drug test again soon."
"I'll be here," she replied.
We both headed toward our cars and left.