I got home, still a little surprised. All the way and a lot more I spent thinking what would I have done if it was me. Maybe somewhere I wanted to be her.
I have never been a slut like this but I wanted to be one. I checked my phone a few times while I prepared for the dinner to check if there was any message from her. I don't know what was taking her so long. Even the thought of mistaking my own number crossed my mind too. But how is that possible like this is a number I have since my first phone.
I had dinner watching a web series I like. Then I changed into cute shorts and a crop top as I didn't want to sleep naked today after what's happening in my life. I totally put my phone aside thinking she won't communicate today.
I heard my phone ringing. Gosh! I was sleeping. I picked up my phone. It was a missed call from an unknown number. I rubbed my eyes, checked for the time it was 3.30 am.
"What? Who is calling at this hour?" I thought. A rush of thoughts like if it's an emergency and all filled my mind. My phone rang again. I picked this call up.
"Hello?" I questioned.
"Hey, it's me." Someone spoke.
"Who?" I asked to make sure if it's her only.
She ignored my question and asked,"Were you asleep?"
"Yes. At this hour everyone is." I replied.
"That's why this is the best hour to do a task. Honestly, I thought I would make you do this before dinner. But seeing you surprised after today's incident I doubted if you will be able to manage something similar." She showed her concern.
"You want me to do a task at 3.30 am?" I questioned.
"Yes, girl. Your task right now is to do as I say. No questions just do it. Do You understand?" She commanded
"Umm.. okay." I replied.
"Address me as ma'am." She commanded again.
"Yes, ma'am." I said imagining me as her sub.
"So, slut get up, wear sexy lingerie and heels. Try making it Sexier than me and get to your study room now!" She ordered.
I felt my pussy react amazingly to the word 'slut'. I was never called a slut in so many years but I always imagined someone calling me and treating me like one too.
I got up without wasting a minute. Pulled out a black sexy lingerie. It was too thin and translucent. It had a plunge neck and a party barely covering my pussy. I wore black glossy heels. Thanks to my love for Footwear I bought one matching with every dress. I looked at myself in the mirror and the word 'slut' was all over my head. I felt like a slut I always wanted to be. I walked out of my room. This was a cold night. I felt myself revealed walking in a place I have known from one day like this. I reached study, turned the lights on and called her back.
"Yes, slut. I can see your light on. Now remove your curtains and show me what you are wearing." She ordered.
"Yes, ma'am." I replied a little louder as I was using bluetooth this time.
I removed the curtains and saw her watching from the balcony of her house.
"You dressed up like a slut you are. Tell me that you did this for me."
"Yes, ma'am. I did this to show you." I said.
"Good, now rub yourself over your panties."
"Yes, ma'am." I started rubbing my pussy. I can already feel my panties a little moist. I was liking the fact how near our homes are and I wondered how well she is able to see me.
"Play with your boobs too." She commanded
My other hand went right to my boobs and started rubbing them. I was grabbing them, squeezing them and doing everything I saw happening this morning. It was such a turn on I imagined myself at her place once more.
"Take off your bra, slut."
"Yes, ma'am." I obeyed her. My hand went to unhook my bra. I held it for a second in front and then let it fall down. Then I played a little with my boobs teasing my nipples and making them erect. I loved it.
"You are doing things I have not asked you too. Are you that horny?" She mocked.
"Yes. Ma'am. I am too horny to hold back." I spoke.
"That's why you're a slut. Now bend forward and rub your tits on the cold glass as you were watching me rub mine on the car."
I did as she said. Coldness of the glass was hurting my nipples. God! This is heaven. I wanted this pain badly. My nipples got swollen by now. I was using them as if they were a tool for me to clean the glass.
"Now, let your boobs be pressed on the glass. Let everyone watch those swollen nipples. They must be by now. Make your hand go down to your panties and remove them."
I can tell by hearing her how much she enjoyed me on display for her.
I bend forward and let my boobs stick to the cold glass. My hands went to the waistband of my panties. I pushed it down.
"I did as you said ma'am." I said keenly for the next instruction to come.
"I know I can see you slut. Now rub your pussy and play with it. I love to see you masturbate."
I started following her command. My fingers rubbed my pussy and explored it. They went in and out. I moaned a little.
"Yes girl, show me what a slut you are."
I started doing it fast and enjoying it more. My eyes were closed since I removed my panties. With sudden pleasure I opened them and suddenly I saw someone peeking from the window of another house.
"I think someone is watching me, ma'am." I don't know why I waited for her reply and did not block the view immediately. Also, I wonder why I continued rubbing myself.
"You like being watched. Don't you slut?"
"Yes, Yes I want to be seen. I want to be acknowledged as a slut." I moaned
"Then let the one see. Open up more, give a view to everyone you whore!" She commanded.
"Yes, ma'am." I replied.
My house bell rang.
"Oh shit! Is it the same person? What next?" I was terrified.
"Calm down, maybe it is. Go and open the door. I know you wanted to know what happened to me today. This is your moment. Go get fucked you sexy bitch!" She said and hung up.
I was terrified and in horror my body went numb. 'What will I do? Is this real? Am I dreaming? Is this the same Man from morning? Who saw me at 4?' My mind was confused and afraid.
Bell continued.
'I should hurry before this person wakes everyone around up.' I thought.
I ran down. Picked up my silk robe which hugged my body more than I desired. It was showing my nipples as they were too erect to be hidden without a solid padded bra.
I opened the door and there was a brown man out. He was taller than me and before I was his face he pulled me out.
"Take off this stupid robe and now show me everything this close up. You don't know how horny you made me girl. You need to be punished for what you did." His hands are going to take my robe off.
"I am really sorry. I didn't mean to. Are you gonna fuck me?" I asked.
He laughed, "Fuck you? Yes if you want I will fuck you later. Right now I will teach you how to behave in a society you share with other humans."
"What? How?" I asked him to stop forcing me to be naked.
"Get naked I will tell you." He commanded
"But..."
Before I could speak he pushed my hands back and took off my robe. I was standing outside my house all naked in front of a man I have no idea about.
"Put your boobs on the door and bend forward like you were on the window." He growled.
"What are you going to do?" I asked, following his command.
"I will spank you for being ridiculous. You want to flaunt your sexy ass and tits to strangers na, I will show you how that ends up like."
He grabbed me from my waist with one hand and his other hand rubbed my ass. I was so embarrassed and everything I got was on display for this man to explore, see, touch and do whatever he wants to.
He started spanking me. He was hitting my ass so hard. I was moaning, yelling and some of them brought tears to my eyes.
"You deserve this, you slut." He said and spanked me a few more times.
"Are you embarrassed, yet?" He asked me after spanking me more than 30 times.
"Yes, I am sorry." I almost cried.
"Good, you should be. Let me see if you are not lying." His hands ran down my pussy. "Look how wet you are, you slut. You are enjoying it don't you?" He asked.
I wondered if I was enjoying that at all.
"No, I am really embarrassed." I replied.
"Liar." He started spanking me more. With every spank it was getting harder and louder. I was wishing no one else would see me like that but this time I really was enjoying there was no pain anymore. It felt horny. Being spanked for the first time and like this felt like a bonus. He continued for 10 more spanks.
"I know you don't want me to stop, do You slut?" He asked.
"No, please spank me more." I begged him.
"Look what a whore you are begging to be spanked by a stranger. Now accept it, you were putting on a show to get attention."
"Yes, I am a whore. I did it to get attention." I admit it, this made me horny.
"Do you know what whores do to the Dick they get attention from?" He asked.
"They try to please them," I replied.
"Yes, slut. They do, now kneel down and please mine." He commanded.
"Can we please do it inside? Someone will watch us at this hour." I requested as it was almost dawn.
"No slut, as far as I remember you like attention, let them see what a whore you are and start pleasing me. You will be allowed in only after you please me. So if you fear, do your work fast." He ordered.
"Yes, sir." I don't know why I addressed him sir but I liked that it made me satisfied that I am a slut.
I pulled his cock out from his trousers and started playing with my fingers around him. Although I was in a hurry, I wanted to give him the best blow job of his life. Kneeling in front of him I was playing with his Cock in my hands. I kissed the top of it and grabbed it. My hand started stroking it. After a few strokes, I licked it from top to bottom. While licking his huge Cock I turned my face up to see him getting pleasure. I continued it more passionately and took his Cock in my mouth.
"Yes, Yes take it down, slut." He moaned and his hand grabbed the back of my neck.
I wanted him to push his cock as deep inside my throat as he could. His hand forced me more and more and I loved it. I sucked his Cock, licked it with my tongue while it was inside me. He started pressuring me by moving his ass harder and letting his Dick choke me.
I loved it. I wanted him to treat me worse, treat me like a slut I am. He continued and I was begging him for more. After a while he pulled out.
"Where should I cum slut, Over you or you wanna swallow it?" He asked.
"Pour it all over me, I deserve it on my body. I want you to show me I am a slut." I replied.
"Then, beg me for it." He commanded.
"Please sir, I beg you. Please bathe in your cum and make me seem like a slut I am." I begged.
"Should I let it down all over your face, slut?" He asked.
"Yes sir, Please cum over my face, my boobs and everywhere. I want my body full of your cum."
"Yes slut, take it all over your body." He did as he said.
I was all drenched in his cum, my face, by boobs it was flowing down and I liked it.
"Did you like it slut?" He asked.
"Yes, sir. I love it." I replied.
"Then thank me, you bitch!" He ordered.
"Yes sir, thankyou for giving me what I deserve." I replied.
"Good, now I want you to walk around your yard and show yourself what a slut you are walking naked and all drenched in someone's cum." He commanded.
I stood up and started walking. It was too cold but I was feeling all hot. Juices were pouring down my body. I was feeling humiliated with the thought 'if anybody saw me' and he was enjoying it.
I tried to walk as fast as I could and that made my huge boobs dance for him to see.
"I did it, sir." I said as I reached back to him.
"Yes, now get on your fours and crawl inside your home with all the embarrassment you caused to yourself. Feel like a pet" He said as he opened the door.
I got on my fours because neither I was in condition to argue nor I should as anyone will be out soon and will see me like this if they haven't yet.
"Thankyou for letting me in, sir." I started crawling inside.
He closed the door behind and I stayed like that on my fours feeling embarrassed, humiliated and wishing him to come back and fuck me right here.