One weekend afternoon, Suzie decided we were going on a grocery pickup. This is distinctly different than grocery shopping. When the urge occurred on a weekend it meant something different than on the weekday.
The setup went like so: Suzie and I went in the store, how do I put this, separately but together. We worked mainly the vegetable aisle. Occasionally the meat aisle but the conventional wisdom was that most pickups happened in the veggie area. Suzie, wearing leisurely but sexy clothes, would pretend to be interested in, say, carrots or some other phallic vegetable and I would be at the other end mindlessly messing with something else. When a dude showed up in the same section Suzie would either nod or shake her head, indicating whether she was interested or not.
If, yes, then I would use one of two spiels to get him to somewhere to do the deed with sexpot Suzie if he took the bait. The fact that either of the two more often than not worked says volumes about the male lack of will power in the face of raw sex.
Scenario one:
"OMG, that girl is so hot." I absentmindedly rifle through the celery and keep my eyes on Suzie, trying intentionally to be overheard by the guy next to me.
"Ya, she's very nice," he says glancing over.
"One of the best shopping trips my wife ever sent me on ended by getting in that girl's pants."
"You had sex with her?" he asks surprised, getting more interested.
Starting to leave, "We'll, I've gotta get home but if you ever get a chance with her, take it. She's a beast in bed."
Suzie starts making eye contact, smiles flirtatiously.
"Are you kidding me? Where did you take her?"
"Motel around the corner. Well, good luck..." and I start to leave.
"Hey, wait, could you introduce me?"
"Oh, I just fucked her, I don't really know her, but, ya, I guess so. Her deal is," and here I inserted the truth, "she likes to fuck strangers."
By this time she was in full flirt mode and nudging our way.
I led him to her. "Hi, Suzie, this is...ah, I don't know your name."
"Roger"
"Roger, this is Suzie." They shook hands and Roger said (pointing at me), "He was telling me that you and he hung out together one time and, god, you're beautiful and..." he was rambling nervously all over the place because how do you suggest sex with a woman in a grocery store?.
She took one step until they nearly touched and covertly brushed against his crotch. "Would you like to go somewhere, Roger?"
"Yyyes, please, I'd love to."
As they walked away arm and arm she looked back over her shoulder and said, "Why don't you come along? I like an audience. Do you mind, Roger?" Of course, Roger didn't mind. His brain had long since quit functioning and his dick had taken over the decision making process.
I followed them to the motel. Roger paid for a room and the three of us piled in. Most of the detail of their fuck fest was lost to me because Roger's thing was shower sex. I could hear the water running and bits and pieces of theIr talk during foreplay. He fucked her in the shower and finished her off, dripping wet, on the counter in front of the mirror. I watched that part from the doorway. It was a major turn on and I was harder than a rock. Shower sex was always a favorite of mine too.
Scenario Two:
This one was just straight forward and I'd only use it if I was pretty sure of the guy. It was a simple yes or no.
"Excuse me but I noticed you checking out that girl over there by the zucchini."
"Oh, sorry, your wife?" He was about 50 or 55 with that salt and pepper look.
"No, don't be sorry, she likes the attention."
"If you don't mind me saying then, she's spectacular."
"Yes, she is. Are you interested?"
"Interested in what?"
"Are you interested in fucking my wife?"
A look of total amazement came over his face.
"There's something I've never been asked in a grocery store," he said. "Are you serious? You're asking me if I want to fuck your wife?"
"Yes. My wife likes to fuck strangers. The only other part of the deal is I like to watch."
Taking a long look at her he said, "There's no way I'm passing on this one. That girl is a hottie. Oh, sorry."
"Don't be, she is. C'mon I'll introduce you."
Approaching her I said, "Suzie, this kind gentleman has offered to fuck you. He referred to you as a hottie'. Thought you might like that."
"What's your name?" she asked.
"John" John looked like he worked out constantly.
"Well, John, I think I'd like that and hope to give you the ride of your life."
"Motel around the corner?," I suggested.
"Absolutely not," he answered, "it's only the best hotel for hot little Suzie here. Let me call my wife and tell her I'll be late and we'll go in my car."
Suzie looked at me with that, 'why didn't we seek older men before'? They fuck like rabbits and they know exactly what they want. They are well versed in pleasuring a woman. Age has put everything in perspective. He wanted Suzie and that was that.
He got off the phone and we all got in his very expensive car and headed to the hotel. He kept smiling and looking at her like he struck gold. Once in a while he'd reach over and touch her leg. I sat in the back seat and, In what felt like a moment of spontaneity, John said, "Say, Suzie, how would you like to go clothes shopping before we hit the hotel? Everything's on me."
Now, for Suzie, that is not even a question. She loved clothes and and dressing up, as evidenced by every grand entrance she'd make wherever we went, especially the sex parties.
"I'd love to, John. How sweet of you."
"I look at what a petite beauty you are and thought it might be fun. Is that alright with you, Jim?"
"Whatever Suzie wants is fine me."
"You two have an unusual relationship."
He veered off to a high end shopping district. Definitely not the mall. The first store was a French themed shop where even the sales staff was dressed to the nines. Suzie tried on several outfits with John making suggestions and even trolling the racks and having her try them on. She was having a ball and was particularly impressed by his choices. "How do you pick things that are so me?"
"I've always been fascinated by two things; fashion and women."
She tried on all sorts of lingerie and posed for his opinion. "Uh-oh, I think my heart just stopped," making everyone laugh. The staff seemed to know him well. "We'll take everything so you can wrap it up. Suzie wanted to wear something out so she put on the white low cut top over a lacy black bra with the lace peeking out. The skirt was blue and clung to her figure before fanning out at the bottom. That was over a garter and stockings, perched upon the sexiest pumps with ankle straps I've ever seen.
Suddenly, "Earrings! Somehow we forgot the jewelry!" he said excitedly.
The expedition set sail for the jewelers next door, Suzie just giddy with excitement. She tried on necklaces, chokers and tons of earrings and everything she liked or he liked on her he bought. I can't even begin to guess what it must have cost but he didn't hesitate for a second. "Put it on my account." On to the hotel we went. "I had to do that. Must be because I never had a Barbie." We all laughed.
Suzie was stunning as he extended his hand to help her out of the car and in the door of the most posh hotel in town. Again, just like the clothing boutique, the staff flittered around him like they'd done this before. In the elevator he pressed the button labeled 'Penthouse' and Suzie and I were exchanging looks like, WTF?
"Make yourselves at home. Any food or booze is yours. I'm going in to change into something more comfortable and I'd ask you, Suzie, if you would wait till I come out because I'd thoroughly enjoy removing your clothes."
"Certainly," she said, "I can't wait."
He was quick to change and came out in a white bathrobe and sat at the foot of the bed while I found a comfy chair to watch them from.
"Come here, Suzie, and let me look at you."
She came and posed seductively in front of him. At first he didn't touch her. It was more like a fashion show and she knew how to work the runway.
"Come closer, Suzie."
Clothing was removed with care; her top and skirt, leaving her standing in bra, panties, garter, shoes, earrings and choker.
"If you don't mind I'd like you to walk across the room and back."
She used every ounce of sexy she had. When she came back he undid her bra and revealed her breasts and he ran his hands slowly around her body and kissed her nipples so softly as to elicit a moan from Suzie. He kissed her deeply, reached up and unhooked her garter, then slipped her panties off. Everything he did was deliberate and erotic to the point of artistic.
There she stood ready for fucking. He removed his robe, his cock already erect, and said, "Lie down so I can take care of you. She laid back and he ate her the same way he disrobed her. She was visibly aroused as he held on to her tits and her ass lifted off the bed. He grabbed his robe and removed a small vibrator from the pocket and went back to work, applying it to her tits, her pussy and anally. Coming back to her clit he drove her to, "Awwwwww...John...Oh fuck, don't stop...don't stop, finish meeeeeee." She shook once and then again when he didn't stop, rolling back her head from the rush. The wetness glistened from across the room.
Recovering from her monster orgasm She raised up and began sucking him as he stood before her.
"Oh, fuck, Suzie, suck me, girl." She worked him into a frenzy as he started pumping in her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. "Gluuucckkk, gluuuccckk, ucckkkkkk." Pulling away she said, "How's that, baby?" All he could do is moan. It was driving him mad.
"I've gotta fuck you right NOW," and he pushed her back on the bed and rammed his dick forcibly in her pussy. Then he went on a fucking tear. It looked like someone flipping through the pages of a sex manual. He fucked her standing up and lying down and everything in between. All through it he kept saying, "Talk to me while I fuck you, Suzie."
And she dirty talked him with things like, "Fuck me hard, daddy. I want more and more of your hot rod. Shove it deep, daddy, make me scream. C'mon, daddy, drill your girl hard."
This went on for over a half hour and then he announced, "I'm cummmmmmming," and he shot his milky jizz all over her erect nipples. Both he and she were covered in sweat. I think I lost two pounds just watching.
They cleaned up together in the bathroom and we sat at the table with drinks before taking us back to our car.
"I want to propose something," he said, "I know that it's sex with a stranger that you're into and Jim here gets off watching but listen carefully to my proposal and I hope you will say yes. Once a month or maybe two, I come and pick you up, Suzie, and we hit the stores, maybe have lunch, and end up at the penthouse before bringing you home. Pretty much the same as today but with a couple differences: no husband, nothing personal, and two thousand dollars in cash every visit. Jim, I'll take really good care of her. What do you think, Suzie?"
"I don't know," she hesitatingly answered. I was totally surprised that she didn't shoot down the idea after all we'd talked about leaving money out of the equation.
"Is it not enough? Okay, make it three thousand. You're totally worth it."
"I don't know. I have to think about it. Give me your card and I'll call you one way or the other."
"Okay, but I hope you say, yes. I want you Suzie."
He drove us silently back to the grocery store lot and even going home not a word was spoken between us. She changed her clothes and went out and sat in the chaise. I had my opinion on this but I thought it better to leave her alone. The arrangement he proposed made her a professional again. One way of looking at it was she would be his mistress; pampering her, giving her money and then fucking her at his leisure. The other perspective made her a high priced call girl. My guess was that either way she would not be the only one but part of a stable of two or three girls that indulged his desires when he wished.
But it was serious that she didn't dismiss the offer immediately. I could see the look of excitement when she tried on all those fabulous clothes and dressed her up like a doll.
I heard voices later and looked out back to see her talking with Jenny. Going to the door I said, "Can I get you girls something to drink?"
They looked at each other and almost in unison said, "Martini!" That's how I figured it was a serious conversation. Once I had made the delivery I made myself scarce so they could talk. Surely about the offer. Some about me? It didn't matter, I wasn't going to eavesdrop. Suzie needed to process it through another woman.
I must admit to some discomfort when John said, "no husband". I liked watching Suzie fuck strangers but I was an important part of her having that erotic option. I was the safety net and he was cutting me out.
About an hour later I hear, "Jim! Another round, please!". Doing my best bartender/waiter impression, "Here we go, ladies! Don't forget to tip your server." I started to go back inside and Suzie asked me to wait and sit down for a second.
"Jim, I'm sorry I labored over this as long as I did. It was just the excitement that I got wrapped up in. The clothes, the penthouse, the money, it was a reminder that in sex for money world I'm hot shit but letting a man buy me and take ownership, other than very temporarily, is bad for me. Jenny helped me get that in perspective, so I'm sorry if that disturbed you. You've been so supportive. What sex maniac could be luckier than to have you?"
"It's okay. I was worried about you, Suzie. I guess Jenny has been helpful to both of us," and I started chuckling as did Jenny.
"Jim!!!"
"Well, I better get back to cooking dinner," I said, with a grin still plastered across my face."
Suzie stopped me, "Just one more thing. Ken and Jenny are going to another Hotwife Convention in Atlanta in a couple months and wanted to know if we'd join them. What do you think?"
"Sounds great! That will give me time to decide who I'm taking."
"Jim!!! You're such an ass sometimes." Jenny kept laughing.