Patient Narrative - Christina Melendez - entry four: the first streaking adventure with Yvonne
I had to spend the next three nights alone. Yvonne told me that she had to work over the weekend, but that if I wanted, she could come over Sunday afternoon. Seeing her Thursday and Friday at school, but not being able to talk to her and knowing that I wouldn't see her until Sunday, was pure torment. Still, I was able to get caught up in my homework and finish my assignments for the week. On Saturday I cleaned up the house and bought some stuff to cook. And, during those three lonely nights, I masturbated like crazy, thinking about her.
I got a text from her late Sunday afternoon telling me that she was on her way over. I started dinner and had it ready by the time she rang the doorbell. Just before she arrived I remembered something important from her last visit, that had told me that she wanted me to be naked whenever she was in the house. I wasn't sure if that was a joke or not, but I remembered there was a tone of seriousness in her voice when she said it. I figured it would be better to not risk pissing her off. So, I took off my clothes and tossed them in the dirty laundry basket.
When she came in, I could tell that she was pleased that I had obeyed her desire that I have my clothes off when she was in the house. And I realized that yes, she would have been mad had I disobeyed her.
Yvonne looked somewhat different from the way she normally looked in school. She was wearing tight shorts and a loose sweatshirt and had a large backpack with her. She smelled like scented oil and incense. I could tell that she was very tired and very hungry. As soon as we sat down in the kitchen, she ate ravenously.
"I didn't have much time to eat at my job, so thanks for doing this."
She didn't much have time to eat at her job. That, and the smell of scented oil that permeated her clothes, made me wonder about her work. I wanted to ask what exactly she did, but I decided that might be a bad idea.
After dinner, she went into the laundry room and unpacked her backpack. She dumped all of her clothes into the washing machine, including what she was wearing. Then moved to the folded massage table she set down some items that she told me we'd be using for my next massage: two large bottles of professional massage oil, a tube of lubricant, and a box of surgical gloves.
"Whenever your folks come back, make sure you hide these."
She rinsed off in the shower before getting into the hot-tub, but even so, there still a whiff of scented oil when I got close to her. She held me for a while, but she seemed in a serious mood, like she wanted to tell me something. I assumed that it was about her job, but she had a surprise for me:
"I got a confession for you. Maybe you're wondering how come I knew about the tunnel? And why I wasn't really scared when we were streaking?"
"Why's that?"
"That wasn't the first time I've streaked your neighborhood. I've done it plenty of times before."
"Really? Streaking? As in, running around, totally naked? And you do it by yourself?"
"Yeah. Totally naked. I like to do it totally naked. And, until I ran with you from school, I always did it alone. I guess, it's something I like to do it when I'm stressed out. I got a lot of stress. My life's kinda fucked up, at home, and with everything else. So when my old man and that bitch he's living with get on my case, I gotta go out and do stupid shit to get myself calmed down. So I like to go streaking. For me, that works better than anything else. And your neighborhood's a safe place to do it. A lot safer than Eastwood. That's why I like coming over here."
"The tunnel. Do you ever go over in the direction of the school? Uh... When you're streaking, I mean?"
"Sometimes. It's the best shortcut. I can streak around the school, and if anyone tries coming after me, I can use the tunnel to get away."
"Did you ever get caught?"
"As in seen? Yes. A bunch of times. Although, it helps a lot that I'm black, if I'm running at night in the dark, I'm harder to see than a white girl. Chased? Yeah, that too. I've had security guys come after me a couple of times, but I'm fast and I always outrun them."
There was a awkward silence. I wanted to hear more about her streaking, but I didn't know what to ask. Finally, mostly to get her talking again, I changed the subject.
"And your family? You've said things aren't good there?"
"No. My life at home sucks. I hate my old man, 'cause of that bitch he brought in off the street. Fuckin' whore. She's got a couple of kids she brought with her, and now she's gonna have another one, with my old man. I can't fucking stand her, and she can't stand me, but with the baby she's not going anywhere. And she's always bitchin' at me. Hey, you take care of the kids. Fuck her! I'm not taking care of her fuckin' kids! We're always fighting about it and my old man's always on her side. So yeah, I got stress. And I run it off."
"I guess my problem's the opposite of yours. I get bored 'cause my parents aren't around a whole lot, and I'm in this house by myself."
"I wouldn't complain. It's a nice place you got here."
There was another awkward silence, because I knew she'd give anything to exchange her problems for the ones I had.
"So, when's the next time you're thinking about going out?"
She was quiet for a moment.
"To be honest, I'll probably go out tonight. I'm stressed and kinda tensed up from work and I was thinking about it, but I figured I was gonna do it after midnight, while you were sleeping."
My heart raced and I had to take a deep breath. Streaking. On the internet I had read stories, both fiction and real experiences, about streaking. I was fascinated with the idea of running around outside naked. If a story was written well, I'd have fantasies of my own, but I was always too scared to act on them. And now I was with a girl who did it for real. That made me think: I'm much closer to streaking, if I want to, than I've ever been in my life.
"Then... I... I got a question... I... when you go out... I mean streaking... can I come along?"
"I guess... Yeah... Yeah, of course... I'd have to teach you some things about not getting caught, but I've love to have you come with me."
----------
Yvonne's streaking plans changed when I invited myself to go with her. She had been planning on sleeping for a while before her run.
"I go to sleep real easy, but then I always wake up around 2:00 and that's when I go out."
She decided to move the time up and go around 11:00, so that we'd be back to get a few hours of sleep. She also chose an easy route that was much safer than what she was used to, so she could see how well I could run and to be able to bail out if there was any sign of trouble.
At 11:00 we stepped out of my house and stood next to the hedges, where we were hidden in the darkness. I was both terrified and excited, standing in my front yard wearing nothing but my shoes. I thought we were just going to take off running, but Yvonne looked to make sure none of my neighbors were watching. Then she became very businesslike as she gave me an "event briefing".
"We're going to Sutter's Park first. We're gonna run to 93rd, turn left at Oak Street and run to the end of the cul-de-sac. There's a trail there between two houses that goes to 90th. That'll get us to the park. That'll the first part. Got it?"
"Uh, yeah."
"We'll see what's going on in the park. We're going too early, so there might still be people there. If there's not, we'll hang out for a bit, and then we'll go to the pond on 85th. That's our turn-around spot. Got it?"
"Yeah."
"From the pond we're coming back here. If we can, we'll come back through Sutter's Park, the way we're going out. If not, then we're gonna have to run straight along 97th, non-stop. The problem is that there's four intersections we'd have to cross if we go that way. I can do that no problem. I'm not sure about you. That's what we need to find out."
She led me out to the sidewalk placed her hand on my bottom.
"You're following me right now. If I want you to run ahead, I'll tell you where you need to go. Be ready for that."
She gave me a light slap and started running. I was suddenly terrified that my neighbors might see us and either call the cops or report back to my parents that they had seen me running naked with another girl. Yvonne pulled about three feet in front of me and ran to the corner. Whenever she ran under a streetlight, her thin body and jiggling bottom were briefly illuminated. She was so sexy.
When we got turned on Oak Street, Yvonne suddenly crouched and motioned for me to get down as well. A delivery van drove by. I was terrified, but the driver didn't see us. Yvonne slapped my bottom again and I followed her to the cul-de-sac. There was a middle-aged couple walking a dog that we nearly crashed into when we turned the corner. The dog started barking like crazy and the woman shrieked.
"Hey! Get some fucking clothes on! What the..."
I was shocked and terrified. I almost, but not quite, stopped and tried to cover myself. Without missing a stride, Yvonne shouted:
"Sorority hazing! Sorry, but they made us..."
"Just get out of here before I call the police! Do that shit on campus!"
I about had a heart attack, but a few seconds later we were on the trail, in the relative safety of the darkness. When we emerged onto 90th Street, Sutter's Park was only a block away. I was too terrified to think of anything other than keeping up with Yvonne. I definitely did not feel sexy at that moment. The only thing I felt was raw fear. I couldn't believe I was doing this and desperately wanted to get back to my house.
Fortunately the park was empty. I was winded and gasping for air, but Yvonne was barely breaking a sweat. Now my fantasy was actually happening and I was streaking for real, but my emotions were totally different from what I was expecting. I wanted to beg her to cancel the next part of the trip to the pond and just head back, but I couldn't. I was the one with the streaking fantasy. I was the one who asked to go with her.
She handed me the phone and pointed at the photo icon.
"Here. Get some pictures of me. Make sure it focuses before you press."
Yvonne struck several poses, standing front and back, and then bending over. She came back to me and grabbed the phone.
"Yeah, these are OK. They'll work. Do you want me to get some of you?"
I was shocked. I hadn't thought about getting nude pictures of myself. Wow, that would be... great! Nude pictures of me in Sutter's Park! Totally daring! At that moment, some of my fear went away and I started to feel a little fun and adventure. I didn't say anything, but I moved into some light and nervously stood with my hands at my sides while her cell phone camera went off.
"Turn around. I wanna get your backside too. Good, now look over your shoulder at me. Perfect."
We moved into a shaded spot to rest for a moment before moving out. Suddenly I was totally aroused. Yvonne kissed me and held up her phone to get a picture while I had my arms around her. It was her first picture of us together.
"I know what you're thinking and you're scared shitless. It's always that way. The first time's the scariest. It was for me too. It'll get better."
The run to the pond was uneventful. It was Sunday night and no one was on the sidewalks. We had to crouch twice to avoid being seen by a couple of drivers, but that was it. There were more pictures at the pond, including one of me crouching in the middle a flock of nervous ducks.
Yvonne looked like she was trying to make a difficult decision. She touched my shoulder.
"I hate to do this to you, but I think we ought to run back along 97th. I got a bad feeling about those two with the dog. I don't think we'd better go back that way."
"Uh... I guess."
"It's more direct. Problem is, we're gonna have to run 97th non-stop. It's about twelve blocks with no breaks. And with intersections. I'll get us back, but you've got to follow me and do exactly what I say. Got it?"
"Yeah, I got it."
"Let's go."
97th Street was much more exposed and well-lit than 93rd or 90th. And there were people driving around. We ran along the lit sidewalks and intersections. There was one intersection where we actually had to wait for the light, while I stood covering myself and Yvonne desperately pushed the crossing signal. A couple of cars stopped and I could see the drivers were holding up cell phones. Yvonne slapped my bottom.
"We gotta go! Move!"
There was just enough of a break in the flow of cars that we made it across the street, among a bunch of honking, light flashing, and whistling. Fortunately the shaded streets started right after that intersection and we turned off 97th. I was so panicked that I was pushed forward by pure adenine, but a stabbing pain started in my ribcage. A block later I felt more pain, this time in my right thigh. After three more blocks, I was stumbling and having trouble staying upright. I put my hands on my knees and threw up. Yvonne put her hand on my back and looked around.
"Come-on. We got just two blocks to go."
She didn't panic and she didn't try to make me run. We walked the last couple of blocks, holding hands, while I struggled to get my breath back. When we got to the corner next to my house, Yvonne squeezed my arm.
"I think you are gonna wanna run this part. Go ahead of me and get the door open. If anyone comes this way, I'll deal with them."
So I ran like crazy and made it to my front yard. I fumbled for the key and managed to get the door open. I almost fell getting through. I sat on the floor, gasping for air. A few seconds later Yvonne came in.
"I didn't see anybody. I think we're good."
"I... I... sorry... I know... too scared... I sucked..."
"No! What are you talking about? For your first time? Never having done it before? You did good! With everything that happened out there, you did really good!"
Yvonne helped me stand up.
"Let's get some water in you. We'll get you cleaned up, and then I'll massage you."
I fell asleep on the massage table. I woke up the next morning in my bed with Yvonne cuddled next to me. She must have moved me to the bed after I passed out.
It was Monday and we had to get up early and go to school. We'd have to go in separately and pretend not to acknowledge each other in the hallways. That... kinda sucked.