Chapter 13: Moneymaker
"And this is a Roly-poly-a," said Martha. "It goes over and around his dick real tight like this." She was showing Kelly on a realistic dummy male torso. "Then you fuck his ass with this part real hard and fast. That's why it has this big grip handle."
"Sounds horrific!" Kelly groaned. "Why would a guy allow someone to do that?!"
"Because they cum. They cum really hard until it fills up this decorative part on the end," said Martha. "At least a lot of men do. Some don't."
"I've been meaning to ask you about all this butt stuff," said Kelly. "I see all this stuff in the store. Do people really like it? You know I'm going to do it soon. I'm worried afterwards I'll have to wear an adult diaper the rest of my life."
"Oh, my love! Don't think that," Martha gave Kelly a sweet calming hug and peck on the lips. "You've seen my little pucker, right?"
"Well," said Kelly, trying to recall. "There were a lot of blankets and things. And you know it's personal, where they come out. I don't think so."
"Well, here, take a good look." Martha pulled down her chinos and undies and bent over for Kelly. She spread her butt cheeks so Kelly could have a good long look. "See? It looks good, doesn't it?"
Kelly got on her knees in close and peered at it. "Sure, I guess. I've never seen one before." It was just a tiny little nothing. Not even a hole, really. How would Scott's dick ever fit in something like that? She'd been right. She was going to die. "Does mine look like that?"
"Sure does," said Martha. "And here's the thing. I've been anally fisted before. So you have nothing to worry about."
Marty and Suzi walked in. They were the nice couple that Kelly had recently fled the store from. Kelly was inches close to Martha's anus. The latter was bent over with cheeks spread wide for Kelly to see. As the couple watched in silent astonishment, Kelly asked, "What the heck is that? Sounds painful."
Martha answered calmly from her position, "That's when a girl sticks her whole hand up your butt. You have to use a LOT of lube, though. Listen to the anal safety snails: go slow and use lube. But my point is, I'm perfectly fine. No ill effects. So don't worry about your upcoming loss of anal virginity."
"So Kelly, you're gonna try some butt sex?" asked Marty from the doorway.
Kelly, on her knees and leaning in to inspect Martha's ass, turned her head to notice the couple. She froze in terror. She looked like a kid whose hand was caught in the cookie jar.
"Oh, hi Marty, hi Suzi," said Martha, standing up and pulling up her panties then her pants. "Yes, just trying to allay her fears."
Suzi said, "It seems I'm always apologizing for my husband's behavior to you, Kelly. I'm sorry we startled you again and interrupted your tutorial. It sounded very relevant, what we heard of it."
"I think she got the jist," said Martha. "She'll be fine."
"I hope you have a very experienced person like Martha doing the honors, Kelly," said Marty kindly. "It makes a huge difference, trust me."
"Oh yeah," said Kelly, considering whether this was the weirdest conversation she'd ever had in her life. "Scott's gonna do it."
"Scott Miller? The actor from before? I absolutely adore him!" said Suzi enthusiastically. Her eyes squeezed into joyful crescents. Her hands raised and balled into fists. Her knees squeezed together. It was obvious she was trying to hold in a big batch of pussy cream that had just come down.
"Yeah, he's my boyfriend," said Kelly.
"He is?!" said Suzi enthusiastically. She seemed about to explode.
"He is?!" said Martha in shock.
"Kinda," Kelly said with embarrassment. "I know it's a bad idea to date a porn star."
"I don't know," said Suzi. "He seems like such a nice, happy, kind fellow. The women he works with always cum and cum and cum! Oh gosh I love watching him and his hard body and hard cock make love to a woman. And when he cums..." Suzi paused to squeeze her eyes shut and shudder. "I feel it deep in my loins." She relaxed her knees. Now her panties were soaked. She opened her eyes and continued, "I'd say you were the luckiest woman in the world to be dating him, Kelly."
"Aren't you dating me?" asked Martha sadly.
"Of course I'm dating you!" said Kelly, grabbing, hugging, and kissing Martha fiercely. Soon they were swallowing each other's mouths, and Kelly had one leg wrapped around her. Their hands roved.
Marty quietly looked on with deep poetic reverence. Suzi got steamy looking at her husband's bare-faced lust for the couple. "Why don't you young ladies come to dinner soon at our place?" Suzi offered.
Martha broke the kiss. "Your place?" she asked them. "Like before?"
"Yes," confirmed Suzi. "The four of us."
"It would have to be a lot more," said Martha.
"How much more?" asked Marty fearfully.
Martha whispered quickly back and forth with Kelly. "Five hundred apiece."
"That's an awful lot of money," said Marty fearfully. "I dunno."
Martha knew Kelly was in a receptive mood and quite turned on from their kissing. She whispered to Kelly. In response, Kelly said, "Sure. It's a grand. Whatever you want." Luckily, Ron was out of the shop. A good thing, because Martha figured this next part might get noisy.
Martha argued, "You sure it isn't worth it to see more of this?" Suzi and Marty held each other and watched quietly. Martha pulled down Kelly's sensible work slacks and pulled them and one sneaker off one leg. She sat Kelly down on the aptly named demo table and spread Kelly's legs for the couple. She stroked Kelly's vulva and clit through her panties as the couple watched.
Kelly shuddered with pleasure, set her hands behind her on the table, and looked deep into Martha's eyes. "You want to show 'em, then, huh?" she whimpered.
"Is that okay, baby girl?" asked Martha.
"Yeah," Kelly whimpered.
Suzi and Marty were salivating and hugging each other tightly. Their eyes were locked on Martha's fingers stroking the crotch of Kelly's cotton panties.
"YEEUHH!" grunted Kelly as she came from the friction of Martha's fingers. She had already been excited. The addition of the married couple watching and perving on her sent her over the top quickly.
"How about now?" asked Martha.
"I agree with Marty, it's a lot of money," Suzi reiterated.
"But you'd get this," said Martha. She pulled Kelly's panties down and off one leg and spread her legs wide. She opened Kelly's labia fully with her finger and thumb. Kelly's vaginal opening glistened with the evidence of her excitement. Martha stirred a finger in it and sucked it off. She inserted a finger and stroked Kelly's g-spot. The two girls made deep lusty eye contact as she finger fucked Kelly for the couple's viewing pleasure. She knew Kelly was getting close. "You'd get to do this," Martha said.
"YEEAAAAH! Ohgogohgodohgod!" Kelly shuddered and shook in orgasm. Part of the squirt escaped over Martha's palm and rained down on the floor.
"We'll find the money," said Suzi, licking her lips.
"Tonight?" asked Marty hopefully.
Suzi chortled, "I'd better keep the home defibrillator handy."
"I can't tonight," Kelly panted. "Scott's gonna pick me up after work. That's in an hour."
"He is?!" said Suzi with a look of absolute lust and enthusiasm. "I'm staying right here for the next hour."
"He is?!" said Martha sadly. Slowly, she withdrew her finger from Kelly's vagina. Her whole hand was soaked. She sniffed it. Heavenly.
Kelly arranged herself. Reluctantly, Martha wiped off her hand. Giving up any part of Kelly felt emotionally brutal.
With further conversation, the foursome established dinner plans for the following Wednesday. Marty and Suzi would need that long anyway to come up with the money. Marty had suggested sooner out of enthusiasm rather than practicality, on consideration.
At a quarter of five, Suzi was sitting in a corner of the shop, anxious to meet Scott. Marty was sitting with her. Martha told Kelly, "You can close the shop without me. Just set the alarm and lock the door like we practiced."
"You're not staying?" asked Kelly
Kelly was clearly clueless about it, but Martha didn't want to bump into Scott. She wanted to sleep with Kelly every night and wake up with her every morning. Finding out about Scott was a blow. How was she going to compete with a fucking porn star? But it was still early days. Maybe she'd still get her wish. Kelly could fuck him on the side if she wanted to. She wouldn't care. She was an idiot. She'd known Kelly was bisexual. It's like a friend had told her, heartbreak. She had to try, though. The love burning in her heart wouldn't allow her to just give up. "No, I've gotta go," she choked out. She hugged Kelly and kissed her fiercely, wetly, deeply. Then she ran out of there.
Kelly was bewildered. She hadn't expected to be left in charge of the store during her training week. And Martha had kissed her like she might never see her again. She hoped Martha wasn't leaving town, running from the cops, or something. But she was being foolish. It was just the overwhelming passion of her love. Just like Kelly's love for her.
Maybe Martha was upset they weren't going to hang out after work. She should have told Martha earlier. She could kick herself. Martha couldn't be worried about Scott. Boyfriends and girlfriends were two totally different things. Certainly, Martha must already know this, she reasoned.
Plus, Scott wasn't even really a boyfriend boyfriend. He was a bad-for-me-but-I-can't-stop-seeing-him-cause-it's-so-damn-good boyfriend, which was different. Regardless, they should make plans. Her whole weekend was already promised to Scott. She'd brought her homework with her and everything. She texted Martha, "Can we go to your place together Monday after work?"
Martha looked at her phone in surprise and wiped the hot tears from her eyes. "Yes," she texted back. Now she really didn't know what was going on. She needed to calm down. They'd only spent a few nights together so far. But what nights! Now what was she going to do this weekend? Listen to sad songs? She had to find a way to calm down.
Scott arrived right on the dot and walked into the store. Kelly kissed him passionately. By the time that was done, Suzi and Marty were standing by to greet him. "Are you the owners?" he asked them.
Suzi was speechless, so Marty spoke up. "No, we're just fans. Kelly said she'd be happy to introduce us, and we couldn't miss the chance. My wife is the real fan," he said, nudging her forward.
Suzi stammered incoherently. Finally, she gave up and lifted her top and bra both, offering Scott her jiggling boobs. Her nipples were diamond hard. Her tits were bigger than a C-cup and firm for a woman in her late thirties. "Sign?" she squeaked.
Scott had a whole thing he did with fans, depending on the setting and how public. Here, it was nice and private. Still, it surprised him sometimes what women would bare right out on the street. In a given week, nobody might come up to him, or a lot of people. Recently, near the university, it had been raining very young women! He'd tried to sneak in here, but here he was, caught anyway. No matter. He pulled out a Sharpie.
"Certainly," he said. "But first, if it's okay with your husband here, I need to make sure your nipples are nice and hard." Suzi looked like she was going to faint. Marty nodded enthusiastically. Scott leaned way down and took a good leisurely taste and suckle of each teat.
"Uhhhhhh-huh-hum," Suzi moaned excitedly. She wasn't cumming yet, but she was not far from it.
In large neat cursive, he wrote "Scott" on Suzi's right booby and "Miller" on her left.
Suzi craned her neck, held up each of her breasts to read upside down. "I'm going to get this tattooed on," Suzi whimpered.
"I'd advise against that," said Scott. "Your husband doesn't need my name staring him in the face every time you undress for him. Don't do that. And what about the hundreds of men in your stable, am I right? Surely, a woman that looks like you, I'm right."
"Oh, heh," Suzi blushed at the flattery. "You could join," she whimpered.
"Even I don't want to stare at my name," said Scott. "Don't do it."
"I won't. But I want it somewhere," she whimpered. Kelly had a guess what she really wanted and where she really wanted it.
"I'll tell you what," said Scott. "You and your husband agree on some discreet place to put it, and I'll sign you again. Kelly can put us in touch."
"Thank you so much," Suzi whimpered.
Scott was loving this woman. Her excitement was unabated. Often, when a fan was this excited, with a gentle touch here and there, he could get her to climax. It was a game he played. It especially allayed the boredom at conventions and made the crowd of fans that much more excited. He looked over at Kelly to make sure she wasn't getting impatient. She was smiling and curious. The husband was as well. Scott smiled and said, "Well then. Let's sign your buns now."
Suzi was speechless and just nodded. Unbidden, she reached under her short skirt. Her black silk thong dropped to her ankles. Its crotch had a nice bit of white froth on it. Scott got on his haunches and lifted the back of her dress. When the marker touched her backside, she was so excited she bucked.
"Hold still, now," said Scott.
Suzi bent her knees slightly and held out her ass firmly. He signed "Scott" on her left cheek and "Miller" on her right. He stood up and gave her a spank. It smudged the "Miller" a bit. It was worth it to see the woman jump and squirm. He turned her to face him and breathed his hot breath on her face and neck. "What's your name, gorgeous?"
"Suzi," she moaned.
"Well, Suzi, can I have a little feel in the front?" He glanced over at the husband, who looked expectant, not disgruntled. Good.
At the question, Suzi's eyes nearly rolled back into her head. Reflexively, she lifted her skirt. Scott ran a finger between her generous, erect labia. The way was generously slippery. Her legs were shaking. "Looks like your husband's going to have a treat tonight." He showed Marty his glistening wet finger and then sucked it dry. Mmm, tasty. He went back a second time, holding one of her bare ass cheeks tightly in one hand and stroking, stroking.
"YuhuhAAAAH!" Suzi cried in forceful orgasm, her legs buckling. Scott caught her and held her until she could stand again.
"Thank you, Suzi," said Scott. Time to conclude this. Usually he offered the finger to the next woman in line. Almost always, it was rejected, but sometimes... it was a crowd pleaser as well. He held his finger coated in Suzi's wet creamy sauce out to Kelly. "Want a taste?" To his surprise, Kelly stepped up and sucked his finger dry hungrily. A shiver ran down his spine. He was really, really corrupting this girl.
-----
"Thanks for dropping by, Kelly," said Martin.
"Oh, no problem," said Kelly. "Here's my test results."
"Thank you, I will file them," said Martin. "You were cordial at the party, but I'm surprised you really want to do this. You seemed dead set against it at the party. What changed?"
"My student loan debt is due," said Kelly with a grimace.
"Well, that makes sense," said Martin, "but still, I'm worried. And not just your reluctance to do anal. I really didn't think we would ever speak again. If it hadn't been for Scott, I'm sure we never would have. I was under the impression you didn't care for me at all. Maybe hate was too strong a word, but, well, I'm surprised."
"Really?" said Kelly. "I like you just fine, Martin. Why shouldn't I?"
"Well, the prank," said Martin. "You were upset."
"Oh that," said Kelly. "Like you said, no harm done."
"I need to be really, really sure. I hope you understand, Kelly," said Martin. "If anything compelled you to not go through with our deal, it's an expensive problem for me. Losing a day of shooting would cost me a lot of money. Scott says you're a real professional now, but he always thinks the best of people. You're brand new, Kelly. Anyone would be worried, I have to say."
"Martin, I'm a professional!" argued Kelly. "I'll be very professional! The most professional!"
"You are, are you?" Martin said, crossing his arms and nodding at her.
Oh shit. Now she knew what this was about. She'd seen it enough at the porn parties. This was the point at which the aspiring starlet got on her knees and sucked off the producer to demonstrate her earnestness. She opened her mouth to give Martin intense shit about the vile way he'd lured her here just to give him free head. Then she shut it. Like it or not, this was the test. She couldn't argue it. This was the test all the professionals passed.
She knew it from talking to other girls at the parties. Girls who objected to routinely and casually blowing and fucking various industry professionals rarely worked ever again in front of the camera. Instead, if they got work at all, they were fluffers. Then they routinely and casually blew or fucked literally anyone on set who wanted it. So there was no working in the industry and getting away from it. Only demotion for resisting.
If she was lucky, she might get away with just a blowjob. Without a word, she got on her knees. Unzipped him. Fished him out. His limp dick was oily with silicone lube. His tip tasted of fresh cum. This fucking bastard had tugged one out right before she arrived! To prolong his pervy enjoyment of her, no doubt. The fucking bastard. She grimaced and set to her task with all seriousness.
Kelly rolled him around in her mouth and teased him saucily and lovingly. She'd blown a lot worse, and for far, far worse reasons than ten grand. Martin held her head gently with one hand, lovingly. She felt his penis spring to life and fill with warm, pulsing blood. It had been easy to forget under the circumstances that she loved, loved, loved sucking dick. Martin's hand trembled in her hair. A thrill zinged down her abdomen and zapped her right in the pussy. No, she wouldn't give him the satisfaction of touching herself. That's what she normally did while giving blowjobs, but no.
Kelly's hands, mouth, and throat worked their magic. Martin's breathing went from even to ragged straining pants. His hands shook and made urgent, barely controlled motions. His legs shook unsteadily. He had wanted her badly, really, really, badly. Before she could stop herself, a thrill ran through her. What woman doesn't want any man to be this excited for her? She realized she had a hand in her panties and was rubbin' her nubbin fiercely. She paused -- she wasn't going to do this. It was a slip-n-slide down there. Fuck it, it felt great.
Just as Kelly was close, close, close, Martin erupted in her mouth. It was a mere dollop compared to Scott, but with it, Martin shook all over lewdly. She showed it to him, rolled it around on her tongue as he regarded it ecstatically. Then she swallowed it down with a smile. Scott had taught her that. Martin fucking loved it! All part of the service. The little beast was enjoying himself to the utmost. It was cute. It was delightful. It made her let down her juices. Well, done was done. Time to cut and run. She could sort herself out the rest of the way in the restaurant bathroom next door.
She got unsteadily to her feet. Martin was red faced, panting, still gripped by ecstasy. He said, "I want to... mmm. That was mind blowing! Could I do anything for you? I saw you were..."
"You can give me a job," she said.
"Sure thing, but I meant sooner?" Martin pleaded. He looked like an innocent puppy who just wanted to play...
It made her feel warm in her guts. He was certain to be an expert pussy licker. Fuck it. She kicked off her flats as she walked to the bed Scott had first fucked her on. She dropped her panties. She got on the bed and raised her skirt. "Get your mouth over here and service me, ya perv."
"Yes ma'am," Martin chortled. He joined her on the bed and put his mouth between her legs.
Kelly had been right. As soon as he laid his mouth on her, her first orgasm popped out with a squeak and a squirt. Well, she'd been close. But within a minute, he had her in rolling orgasms. Her barks, squeaks, and mewing cries of ecstasy reverberated off the walls of the soundstage. Had this been what Martha's roommates had heard? No wonder they'd nicknamed her Ten. Now she had a problem, though. The same problem she'd suffered at Martha's house that first time, at least until the morning. Her pussy ached for something to grab. Maybe she could call Scott? Or, that was it, Martha could use her thing on her after her shift at the shop.
She then noticed that Martin had his pants down and was rock hard again. Excitedly, Martin crawled up onto her and began fussing the head of his penis between her legs searching for the right spot and the right angle. Well, she could roll with it. Problem solved. She lifted her knees and he slipped into her easily, fully. Oh, he felt so fucking good.
Martin pumped away firmly, thoroughly, lovingly, excitedly. Could it be that a penis other than Scott's could make her cum during intercourse? Well, if a plastic dong stuck to a bathroom wall could do it, why not? Martin felt great on her, in her. She kissed his neck as he worked. Maybe she could give him a hickey. His wife would have some questions about that, no doubt!
Martin began moaning, first softly, then louder. At the same time, he sped up, hips and legs, shaking, straining. He was going to do it in her. What? The sixth man she'd ever had. Right in her, first time. "YEAAAAAAAH!" she shrieked in orgasm. She clung to him like a narcotic. Then he strained his whole body. "YEAH! OHGOD!" he shrieked. Then she felt it, boom, boom, two piping hot little squirts straight up into her. It practically made her cum again. Everything, the situation, it was so fucking nasty she could die and go to heaven right now.
Then it was soft and quiet between them, except Martin's labored breathing. The poor old dude had just cum three times. Though he looked healthy, he wasn't a physical specimen like Scott. She was probably lucky he hadn't died on her. She had to stop fucking these old guys. The thought of rolling a dead body off her after sex grossed her out in the extreme.
-----
"The new waterproof Commander Series Vibro-Thrust from Sirius Cybernetics. Take your sex life into the future!" The four bathroom buddies had gotten together to watch the instructional videos that had just gone live on the Sirius Cybernetics website. "It'll make you take the Lord's name in vain..."
There was Beth, well, every part of Beth but her face. She screeched between straining motor thrusts, "Saints! Vrrr! Ohjesus! Vrrr! Lordgod! Vrrr! AHHH! Vrrr! AHHH! Vrrr! AHHH! Vrrr! AHHH!" They had accentuated the motor noise to make it crystal clear what was making Beth completely lose it. The chocolate beauty quivered with unspeakable pleasure in the perfect lighting. Her pussy creamed and dripped as the device took her forcefully from behind, as they were accustomed from the shower. Since she was facing away from the camera, you saw her lovely natural hairdo thrash and jerk in pleasure, but not her face. It was fucking red hot. It was all Kelly could do to keep from putting a hand down her pants to tease her button.
"Or perhaps you'll take your lover's name in vain..."
There was Julie in all her delicate tan beauty and brown nips, taking it missionary style. "SCOTTY! Vrrr! SCOTTY! Vrrr! SCOTTY! Vrrr! SCOTTY! Vrrr!" The top of her face was off camera, so all you could see was her mouth shrieking, her teeth flashing and gritting as she was thoroughly pounded.
"You can even lose your virginity painlessly..."
There was Becky Ann, on her side, one knee up. It was shot from behind so you couldn't see her face. She positioned the device at her entrance. There was a closeup of the device exploring, teasing Becky Ann's entrance. She shuddered with pleasure, close to orgasm. Just as she climaxed with a satisfied grunt, the device lunged forward, "Vrrr!" This followed by a squeak from Becky Ann. Then the device made slow, gentle love to Becky Ann's supposedly newly opened pussy until she grunted again in climax.
"And better yet..."
The scene cut to some time later in Becky Ann's ride, close up on her belly thrumming in orgasm and her bucking pelvis. The device was going hot and heavy in her now. "UNH! Vrrr! UNH! Vrrr! UNH! Vrrr! UNH! VrrrRRR! OUAHHH!" The device had stopped in extremis and Becky Ann was clearly writhing in climax along with it. After a brief interlude where Becky Ann panted and wheezed with residual sexual excitement, the device withdrew from her pussy. It was marked with just a tiny streak of blood, for realism. Becky Ann shuddered and squirted a little. Then followed a gush of what looked realistically like semen.
"You can enjoy a guilt and consequence-free creampie from your very first ride."
It was all as Lataa had promised, confidentiality-wise. It was about a thousand times nastier than any of them had imagined it could be. Their bodies were all going to be famous now. With any luck, the rest of them would stay anonymous.
(To be continued)