It was charity season. Every year around this time my local community got businesses, churches, and community groups to throw various events for charity. Softball and basketball tourneys, a golfing event, auctions, dinners, all that stuff. Oh, and the theater production. That was my favorite. The local community theater always put on play over the last weekend of the month, with proceeds from the ticket sales going to a good cause.
These plays were always the highlight of the month - written especially for the event by a local, retired writer who donated his scripts for the cause. The scripts were always great - a deadly combo of humor, sex, and campy melodrama that really brought in the crowds. People had to bid for seats, and on good years the bidding could really bring in the cash!
I loved it especially because I loved acting in them. There wasn't always a part for me, but I had done pretty well the past few years in a couple bigger roles in their regular productions recently, so I had high hopes of landing a key part this year. "Rachel, you'll be a star in this year's play," I was telling myself. I was especially glad my best friend Sarah and my boyfriend Kyle were trying out, too.
The auditions went great - Sarah went right before me, and I could tell we both hit it out of the park. I also coached Kyle with some tips, but they always seem to need more young guys than then can find to fill some of the roles, so I wasn't worried about him getting something.
At the end of callbacks, Michael, our director, called me and a few other girls over. He told us that we needed a little something extra this year, as our normal charity had lost some property in a fire during the hot, dry summer. They needed an extra big donation to close out the year, otherwise they might go under! He said that this meant we needed to really go above and beyond this year, and asked if we girls were prepared to help in that regard.
I'd seen the previous year's show, and I knew they sometimes like to capitalize on any young, sexy girls in the cast. Sexy outfits, flimsy excuses for bikinis, and that sort of thing. One year they did a Marilyn Monroe tribute - easily one of their most successful performances! I figured something like that was up their sleeves, and I thought it was a great way to help out. Not that I'm comfortable with showing off my body too much - I don't go in for those thong bikinis on the beach, for example - but I've been called pretty before, and if a little cleavage or thigh brings in some extra dollars, what could it hurt? Sarah and I both agreed, along with a few others. Mike thanked us, and said we would be getting a call later if we got a part.
I was nervous as I went out to dinner after with Kyle. He took everything pretty calm, but I really wanted to get a juicy part this time. It wasn't a job thing - I made decent money working at the bank anyway. It was more about helping out, and the rush of performing onstage. I loved it. It was like the stage let this whole other side of me shine through, and I treasured every performance.
Kyle assured me I was great, it would be fine, I'd get the part. All the usual good boyfriend stuff. Kyle's pretty sweet that way, even if a little unimaginative. We were having dinner at Burger King, after all.
Imagine my delight then, when I got the call after work the next day! Mike told me they loved my audition, and they wanted me to take one of the larger female roles, with Sarah as one of the others! I was thrilled. Mike also told me they found a part for Kyle, too. Mostly background stuff, few lines, but he'd be on stage quite a bit!
Sarah and I dropped by to pick up our scripts before the first practice, and we were impressed! The play was a good mix of some quippy lines and broader comedy, set in ancient Rome. I could see what Mike meant about the girls helping out a little extra, as it seemed at least a few roles leaned heavily into the "Roman times are sexy times" stereotype that people like. At least part of the plot centered around the blackmail and counter-blackmail of a bombastic senator, and that would include at least a couple sexy scenes.
Some of the other girls, four of them, were cast mostly for their looks and to do some sexy dancing during a dinner scene. They were the "exotic" entertainment for the corrupt senator. Sarah and I had a different kind of role - we were supposed to be daughters of a rival senator being blackmailed. The plan was for us to help in counter-blackmailing - get the senator into a compromising position with us, then use the knowledge against him to get him to drop the original plot.
The upshot of this was a seduction scene - myself seducing the senator and Sarah seducing Kyle, who had been cast as the senator's bodyguard. The director and writer had gone back and forth over how it would play out, but ultimately they set the scene in the senator's house. I was pretty nervous when I saw the script, but there was no mention of anything too bad - it was the setting and the seduction that made it sexy. It put a lot of emphasis on my acting, but I could always practice with Kyle at home.
At the end of the seduction, guards would burst in, and with them would be the other senator, signalling the end of his plotting. This meant Sarah and I would be mostly background until near the end of the play, but we'd have to really carry things right before the big climax.
I wasn't worried. The script was dynamite, with some really funny gags and snappy dialogue. The audience would be rolling all the way through. Sarah was a little more nervous, but I told her I'd be with her every step of the way.
By the time we met for first practice, I was pretty jazzed. I had a lot of funny lines, and had been practicing my ditzy, sexpot look and voice. Sarah and I had a blast watching old movies together to see how they did it. The practice was fun, and occasionally we'd slip into the breathy, sensual voice during daily life. I loved making Kyle jump at dinner when I asked him for a napkin. Another time Sarah asked for the ketchup in her sexiest voice, and I think he just about fell over out of shock.
Mike was great as the director - very firm and straightforward with what he wanted, but at the same time really encouraging, especially for me and Sarah, since we were so important to the climax of the play.
It took three practices just to run through and block all the scenes. A few more elaborate ones, including the dancing scene at the dinner party, were being choreographed separately. The seduction scene for Sarah and I was one of the last things we got to.
I should mention the leading man I had to seduce. His name was Clive, and Sarah and I had both privately admitted to each other that he was the kind of older man we'd consider doing. He was always composed and well spoken, and dressed well. None of the younger guys ever wore anything fancier than a t-shirt and jeans, but Clive frequently had to come straight to practice after work, and was usually in a tie and sportcoat at the least.
It was honestly really nerve-wracking to try to seduce a guy like that, but Clive was great. He talked to me quietly before our scene came up, and assured me that he wasn't worried about it at all. He ran through the lines with me and we figured out what we would do when. It was really helpful.
By the time Sarah and I started our key scene, I knew exactly what I was supposed to do, and we nailed it. Mike was thrilled, and told us he had been worried about that scene, and if it would look natural or not, but we nailed it!
The way we had it set up, I would go in with Clive, and Sarah would come in following Kyle. She would grab Kyle and lead him to a chair at the back of the stage, while I would lead Clive over to the bed. While delivering my lines, I would work Clive around so his back was to the bed, and then at the right moment give him a little shove with my finger. Then Clive would topple over like he was incapable of resisting, and I would climb onto the bed with him. After a few seconds, the other actors would come in and catch us. There were a few other lines, but that was basically the gist of the scene.
The one thing that worried Mike was actually Sarah and Kyle. They had gone over to the chair, but hadn't really done much to convince an audience that Sarah was seducing him, or that Kyle knew what was going on. Mike promised to work with them on the scene a bit to make it work.
After that, the practices just flew by! We were all in the audience for the big dance scene at the dinner party with the four girls that had been cast for that role. I wasn't expecting much, maybe just a simple dance routine or something. Boy, was I wrong! The stuff Cindy came up with was great. There was a reason why she was the choreographer in addition to costume design!
The girls were just in regular clothes since costumes weren't ready, but Cindy assured us they'd be some gauzy, flowing, harem-looking garments. The dance itself started in the middle, with tables arranged around the three sides not facing the audience. The dancers would start with some really sexy, belly-dancer type moves, and then split up, two to each side. At first they would do some up close dancing for the actors at the tables, who were all reclining on couches for the sake of historical accuracy.
Then came the real kicker - Cindy had the girls go down among the audience and do the sexy, lap-dance style moves for a few select people in the first couple of rows! Then they went back up and finished with some really well-rehearsed stuff that ended on a super sexy pose with two girls doing the splits and the others striking a pose above them.
We all burst into applause for that - it was really well choreographed, and the dancing was already almost perfect. I knew we had all the elements of a really strong show at this point.
When it came time for dress rehearsals, Cindy gathered all the girls together before we got into costume.
"All right," Cindy said. "I know a lot of you have done shows with Mike before, but this one is a little different. This is the typical roman dress."
Cindy held up a long, white dress that was mostly just straight all the way down, but with enough material it would be loose and flowy. She shook it out and indicated the shoulders.
"This kind of dress is pinned or knotted at the shoulder. For the sake of the costume, you all will need to go without a bra. The straps are visible on the shoulder if you wear one, and Mike and I agreed it would look really unprofessional. Fortunately we won't have to do any scene changes, so once you are dressed that will be it. Everyone find the dress with your name on it, except the dancing girls. You all can come with me, I have your costumes in the other room."
Sarah and I started looking for our costumes. She found hers right away, but I was still looking when Sarah called me over.
"Here you go, Rachel!"
I took it from Sarah and looked it over. It was almost knee length, and the neck didn't dip all that low, so it really didn't look terribly sexy. I wondered if the dancers were picking up most of the slack, since it didn't seem like Sarah and I would be contributing much to that part of the show until our last scene.
It didn't really matter, though. We both got undressed quickly and figured out how to put the dress on. It really wasn't complicated, just over the head and tied in a knot at the shoulder for both me and Sarah. I admit I felt a twinge of jealousy when we were changing. In my opinion, Sarah is clearly prettier than I am, and has nice breasts in comparison to her slim figure. I had more curves, I guess, but I know Sarah was the type to turn heads when she walked in a room. I'm sure her blonde hair didn't hurt, either. I think the only thing that got me the bigger part was my confidence on a stage, which Sarah was still figuring out.
In any case, the rehearsal went great. I always forget how much hotter it is on stage under the lights. At least all our lines were down, and the whole thing went off without any big mix-ups.
The schedule called for only one extended weekend of four performances - a pretty typical thing for this level of theater. It also meant the seats only went on sale the day of the performance, except for opening night. Part of the effort to make the bidding more intense - all for charity, of course. At the end of the rehearsal, Mike told us all how great a job we were all doing, and how crucial this performance was for the cause. He dismissed everyone except me, Sarah, and the four dancers. We gathered around Mike and Cindy, and Mike looked a little worried - the first time he had all through the practices.
"You girls are really a key part," Mike told us, "and Cindy and I really appreciate all the work you have put into this thing already. But I need to be really honest with you all. I've been talking with Rich, who writes the scripts, and we both agree that it might not bring the kind of attention we are looking for."
Cindy broke in. "It isn't that you girls aren't doing a wonderful job already. It's just that we haven't asked you to do a few things that might really make the bidding for tickets go higher."
Mike took over again. "The thing is, we won't do anything you girls aren't comfortable with."
"What are you thinking of?" asked Annie, one of the dancers.
"Well, to start with, our ticket sales are always higher when we advertise that the play is for mature audiences."
Of course, we all knew that. The risque stuff always sold better.
"So we want to put that on the website and fliers," Mike continued. "But to do that, we have to really have something that couldn't be shown to regular audiences. Cindy and I were talking about this during rehearsal. Really, there's nothing in the show right now that couldn't be seen at a family performance."
Mike turned to Cindy, and she took over. "The first thing we want to do is with costumes. Not different costumes, just an alteration to the ones you have."
My stomach started to sink. Sure they weren't super sexy, but with only a set of panties underneath, I was feeling pretty jiggly during the rehearsal. There wasn't much they could change without ruining the costumes. Cindy was still talking.
"With the dancers, I'd like to take out the extra lining inside your tops. I can do that tonight after you all get changed out of them."
"Oh my god!" That was Zoe, another of the dancers. She had been whispering with Claire and Stacy, who made up the rest of the dancing group. "With no bra, we'll be as good as topless!"
"Yeah," put in Annie, "these things are totally sheer!"
Cindy held up her hand and nodded. "I know, girls, I know. But we'll give you skin colored pasties to cover the nipple, and that should keep things at least a little modest. We can scale back the dancing in the audience to just coming down in front of the stage and up the aisles a bit."
All four dancers looked pretty nervous about it, especially Claire, but they all agreed, after Annie led the way with a nod. Cindy looked pleased, and took them off to the dressing room to take care of things.
That left me and Sarah with Mike. He looked apologetic.
"I'm really sorry, girls," he said. "There isn't much we can do costume-wise with you two. We were thinking more with the seduction scene."
"I think we both want to do what we can to help," Sarah said. I nodded in agreement, but inside my stomach was doing flips.
"We want to really catch people's attention," Mike said. "Honestly, despite the advertising, we don't think we'll sell out opening night. Tickets have gone for twice as much in the past, and demand doesn't seem to be increasing. I asked Rich to punch it up a bit, and I think we've got something that might help."
"Okay," I said, still a little afraid of what he might say. "What do you have in mind?"
"Well," said Mike, "it's the seduction scene right near the end. It's already sexy with you two, but we were thinking we could push it a little further, really get it over the top."
"Oh, god," I said. "That's what I was afraid of. But, go on. We're listening."
"Well, right now we just have you both on stage when the lights come up. Rachel, what if we delayed your entrance for a bit? Then, Sarah, you and Kyle take it a little slower. We'll make the music a little moodier, dim the lighting a bit. Do you think you could show something extra, like the dancers are doing?"
"I don't know, Mike," Sarah replied. "What are you thinking of?"
"Well, these costumes attach at the shoulder. We were thinking maybe undo it, let it fall down, give the audience some bare shoulder and back, maybe hike up the dress to show a little extra leg. That sort of thing."
"Oh, yeah, that would be no problem."
"We still have to hold to our house rule about the bra. It would be pretty visible, and we're going for the faux-nudity of the full back. Is that still all right?"
"Yeah, I can just hold a hand across the front. It should be no problem."
"Right," said Mike. "Then, Rachel, you come in with Clive. Your character is the competitive sort, you'll want to outdo Sarah. I'm willing to take a suggestion on the details."
I was pretty worried about that. Sarah was already showing her nude back, what could I do to top that without showing more? Mike seemed as stumped as I was. We tossed it back a forth for a bit, and finally decided to make use of the sheet on the bed. We had already made a bit of a joke out of me being under the covers with Clive, and him popping up like he was coming up for air. Then my hand would shoot up and draw him back down.
Mike figured I could bare my back like Sarah, maybe edged to the side a bit to give the audience something more. Then I could let it slide down further when I slipped under the sheet, showing my whole back to the audience. Once Clive was in, I would pull the sheet over both of us, and make it move like I was giving him a blow job. Then, when the other actors burst in, I would pop up with my hair tousled and looking disappointed that I didn't finish. Clive would get out of the bed first, and that would give me the chance to re-fasten my dress before climbing out myself. We would lose the funny moment we had worked on, but it would definitely make the scene more risque.
I was nervous, but it didn't seem too bad. I talked it over with Sarah, and later with Kyle, and they both assured me I wouldn't have anything to worry about. Certainly nothing as bad as what the dancers were doing. I had to admit they had a point, even if I still felt a little queasy at the thought of exposing my entire bare back to a rapt audience, many of whom I might see in the bank the next day.
*****
Opening night came, and the dancers looked as nervous as I felt. I helped Annie and Claire with their pasties, and they helped me with the knots on my dress. I think all us girls had developed a sort of camaraderie over the situation. Sarah and I had certainly talked every night about it, and Kyle had probably gotten tired of assuring me that he was fine with it, and that everything would be okay.
Mike had updated the fliers and website with the warning, telling people that the show was for mature audiences, and all tickets came with a warning that the content was not suitable for minors. Mike had told us that the house was sold out, but from the way he said it, I could tell it wasn't for as much per seat as he was hoping.
When the curtain came up, though, the audience was primed. All the laugh lines got big reactions, and you could tell the audience was really into it. Mike had set up a video feed on a screen in the main cast area backstage, so we were able to see how it was going, as well as hear our cues. Honestly, the whole thing looked great, and really professional.
Sarah and I were offstage for the big dinner scene, so I was able to watch the dancing as it happened. The guy on the cameras was Barry, the high school student who usually volunteered for this job. All four girls came on from stage left as the music started, with their back to the audience. Even from a video feed on a camera at the back of the theater, their bare backs were easy to see under the sheer cloth. It was going to be a lot more revealing that I had realized.
The audience loved it. It had been loud all night, but now it really came alive. Sure enough, when they turned around you could easily tell they were wearing nothing under their tops. With each twist and leap, their breasts were bouncing all over the place. The one positive, I guess, was that the pasties did what they were supposed to. You couldn't tell they were there, but their nipples weren't visible. Somehow that would have seemed more naked.
The noise picked up even more when they went out into the crowd. Obviously getting a closer look was something the audience really liked. I could hardly imagine how exposed they must have felt right then. Suddenly the camera zoomed in on Stacy, focusing right in the middle of her chest as she danced near the front row. We all laughed, as it seemed Barry had forgotten his feed was being sent back to this screen. Typical teenage guy, it seemed.
By the time the dance finished, they got the loudest applause of the night. Then it was all business again as actors rushed offstage and we got ready for the next scene. Before I knew it, it was time for me and Sarah to have our big moment. We gathered in the wing with Kyle, Clive, and Mike.
Mike was watching over my shoulder as the lights came up. Sarah led Kyle straight on like they had planned, and then pushed him toward the chair at the back of the stage. They had a few lines that established how Sarah was seducing him, and Kyle was trying, in a limited way, to resist. Then Sarah pushed him firmly down into the chair, and Kyle dropped willingly into. He looked up at Sarah with longing - very convincingly, too. It seemed like he was better at acting than I had thought.
This was the moment for Sarah. She was still standing in front of him, with her back to the audience. Per instructions, Sarah lifted a hand and pulled the knot that held the dress at the shoulder furthest from the audience. There were some cheers and calls as dress fell free at her back, while her hand clutched the front to her. It nearly slipped, and I think everyone on the other wing saw a lot more sideboob than she had intended.
Sarah leaned over and straddled Kyle. He reached up with one hand and drew her down to his lap, while his other hand slid up her thigh and lifted the dress with it. Sarah leaned into him, and that was my cue.
I was starting to panic. I still had wrapped my mind about what was happening, but I had to go out on stage, now! I decided to just push it from my mind and try to deal with it. Stay in character, and be professional about it. That was the key.
I grabbed Clive by the hand, and rushed out on stage, full of the bubbly charm I was supposed to be exuding. We went right past Sarah and Kyle, and I was shocked to see Kyle's hand in front of himself. He was probably just holding Sarah up to keep her from draping completely on him, but his hand was on her breast! Over the clothes and on the side away from the audience, but still cupping my best friend's beautiful little breast!
I pushed it out of my mind, and on staying in character. I pushed my body into Clive, wriggling and worming my way up and down his side. He ran his hands up and down my sides and back and we stage-kissed a few times. The crowd was receptive, but I knew we weren't doing anything near as impressive as the dancing. I knew I had to start moving things along.
I set my hands against Clive's chest, gave him a wry smile, and pushed him back toward the bed. As planned, he stumbled against it and sat down, like he was entranced with me. I breathed deep. It was now or never. I smiled at Clive, and reached up to the knot. As planned, it slid loose easily under my hand, and the dress slipped straight off my shoulder. I could hear some hoots and calls from the audience. I held the dress in place over my breasts, keenly aware of the pointed nubs my rock hard nipples made as they pressed against the cloth. At least only Clive could see that part.
I lifted across, and loosened the other knot. Except for my hand holding it between my breasts, the entire top half of the dress gave way. I could feel it fall back behind me and felt the cool tickle of air over my bare back. I forced myself to concentrate on the scene, and moved onto the bed as Clive made room. Quickly I slipped under the long sheet, and moved to position over Clive.
Now I needed to use both my hands, and Clive's face stayed above the sheet, so the audience could see his funny expressions as I did my thing. There was no risk of anyone seeing, so I stopped using one hand to hold the dress. It quickly fell away from my breasts. I tried to be careful not to drag my nipples all over Clive's bare legs as I got into position. Despite my efforts, they still dragged across, and I realized I had to squish close for the pretend blowjob. I couldn't let myself think about it, so I just got into position, ignoring the way my breasts pressed into his leg. After a bit of moving to suggest I was getting everything in position, I started bobbing my head up and down.
Clive's toga had bunched up near his tunic, and the whole thing had fallen in such a way that his grey boxer-briefs were plainly visible. A stage light in the far wing made it brighter under the sheet than I'd thought it would be, and I could see a lot of detail. Not only that, there was a visible bulge, and I could just make out the shape of it. I had to admit, it excited me a little bit to know that my tease had gotten this handsome, distinguished co-star aroused. As I bobbed my head up and down toward it, I could almost inhale his musk. I found my head was dipping a little lower with each bob. A few more and I would practically be kissing that bulge right through his underwear.
I was dimly aware of the roaring of the crowd. Part excitement, part laughter, it seemed. And then, just like that, Clive disappeared. He shot out of bed, and I was left breathing hard, and surprised to realize I was sad that he was gone! I would never cheat on Kyle, but all I had been able to think about in that moment was getting closer to Clive. What was happening to me, I wondered?
I didn't have long to wonder, because I suddenly realized I was supposed to pop up and look frustrated. It took me a second of pawing at the sheet over my head before I was able to poke it out, and had enough control to look properly tousled and frustrated. I could hear the laugh I got as my head poked up, and I made sure to clutch the sheet around me.
Glancing across the stage, I realized Clive was already talking to Nate and the other guard. Part of the scene included the centurion (Nate's) insistence that I was a danger to the senator, and Clive's protestations that I wasn't. This was followed by Nate pretending to pat me down for hidden weapons. I only had a few seconds to realize this before their lines were done and I knew I needed to be next to them already. The only problem was, I hadn't managed to do anything to re-tie my dress!
Panic shot from my stomach up to my brain and then all the way back down. I realized Nate was coming over to haul me out of the bed, since I had missed my cue. Without thinking, I yelled "nooo!" as he grabbed my arm to lead me out to center stage.
Fortunately for me, that was basically in character, and actually got a good laugh. Unfortunately, I never got my hands in place to tie the dress, or even hold it up to cover me. Instead I had to hop out of bed upstage from the audience, and let Nate lead me around the foot of the bed to center stage. My dress had flopped at the way to my waist, and all I could do was quickly throw one arm across my completely bare chest.
Then it got worse. First, the dress was loose enough that there was no way it would stay on my thighs. The moment I took a single step, I could feel it start to slip. I only had a split second to decide whether to let my dress fall, and show my historically inaccurate panties to the whole audience, or grab hold with one hand and show the entire town my bare breasts!
It must have been a theater instinct that kicked in, but I knew I couldn't show my panties. Cindy would be furious. If I turned around, though...I dropped my arm quickly, and just barely managed to grab hold of the front of the dress before it fell, while at the same time twisting away to face backstage. My breasts bounced freely, and I tried not to think of the people upstage who were now staring at my completely exposed breasts. Because Nate still held my other hand, I had spun close to him so he wouldn't think I was playing at struggling to get away.
Then Nate said his line about checking me for weapons. The way we had blocked the scene required me to face the audience, hands and arms extended to the side. Then the centurion would step up behind me and runs his hands up and down my body. Except, when we blocked it, I was supposed to be clothed. In my present situation, I would be giving the audience a HUGE eyeful. I hoped Nate would realize what had changed, and let me stay facing away.
"Please don't turn me around," I whispered. Nate nodded.
I said my line, and took the pose I was supposed to, with the exception of one hand hanging on to the dress. I hoped Nate would understand why I was doing it, and not force my hand up. Nate stepped up and started running his hands along my shoulders and sides. To my surprise, he even ran them briefly over the sides of my breasts! I did my best not to react, as that would be out of character, but I was shocked! Nate had a wife, I knew, and I was pretty sure she was in the audience. The rest of the pat down went as normal, and it got a big laugh. It wasn't the laugh we intended to get, but it really was funny to see a centurion insist a nearly naked women might be carrying a concealed weapon. Finally I could cover up, and then it was time for me to get off stage. Sarah and Kyle had already left when Nate entered, and I saw them waiting for me in the wing. I rushed across to them, and Kyle's eyes bugged out. I guess he hadn't had a great view from the side, but he sure saw now.
"Omigod," I told them. "I cannot believe that happened. I didn't have any time to get myself ready!"
To my surprise, Kyle was pretty supportive. "Don't worry, Rachel," he told me. "The audience only got a look for a few seconds. Besides, this is what the play needed, right? You were telling me about how important this scene is all week. Seriously, don't worry about it. You're hot, but I know they aren't the ones who get to go home with you in the end."
Then he kissed me. Aw. He really was a sweet guy.
Sarah was supportive, too. "You are so brave, Rachel! I wish I had your courage. You rocked it out there."
She leaned in and wrapped her arms around me in a comforting hug. However, she must have forgotten to re-tie her top as well, because when she pulled away, it flopped right down! Kyle, I'm sure, appreciated the quick flash of her entire breast and rosy nipple! Sarah blushed, and quickly grabbed the errant cloth and pulled it back up. I immediately helped her re-tie the shoulder again so she'd be decent, and she did the same for me. Kyle pulled a fake frown, and we all laughed.
Almost as soon as we got back to the main room with the rest of the class, we got a huge round of applause. Cindy and the dancers especially told me my scene was just what the play needed, and raved about how well it went. To my surprise, they credited me for some bold improvising, and in my embarrassment, I didn't correct them.
As soon as the play was over, Mike came bursting into the cast room. He congratulated everyone, and after most of the people left, he called over me, Kyle, and Sarah. I start to apologize for what happened, but he cut me off.
"It was fantastic! Really got a lot of people's attention. You were brilliant, Rachel! I can already tell prices are going to shoot up for tomorrow's show."
Clearly Mike was thrilled, and before I knew it, he had wished us goodnight, Kyle and I were on our way home, and I hadn't said word one about it being an accident. Kyle, too, was talking like it was on purpose, and even seemed excited about the next night. I'd be lying if I said the sex we had that night was some of the hottest we've ever had.
*******
The next day, we had to show up early to work through a couple rough spots and make sure everyone was ready for the show. Mid-morning, though, I got a call from Mike who asked if I could bring Kyle in even earlier. I agreed.
When we got there, Mike was excited, but also a little apologetic. Sarah and Cindy were already with him, and they told me Clive was in the guy's dressing room. Mike started.
"Now listen, I hate to do this to you, but we need another boost. Tonight hasn't sold out yet, and we could really use something that would put the bidding over the top. I think we need to push the sexy scenes a little more, and let people know."
"Wow, Mike, last night was pretty epic," Sarah said. "What can we really do to make it go farther?"
"Well, that really depends on what you two and the dancers are willing to do for it. Sarah, how much more are you willing to push it?" Mike seemed to think she was the more conservative between the two of us, and I didn't really have anything at this point to prove otherwise.
"Are we going to get in trouble for any of this?" Sarah asked in reply.
"No," Mike told us. "The city is totally on board with whatever we want to do. We've had a great relationship over the years, I'm sure they won't have any problem with pushing things a little farther. I even called to ask about last night, and they said as long as we make it clear up front it's an adult show, there's no problem."
"Okay," said Sarah. "Well, then I guess...yeah, I think I could manage the whole dress."
"Wow, really?" said Mike, and I'm sure I saw him sort of perk up as he said that.
"Yeah. I'm facing away to start, like this, yeah?" Sarah mimed like she was on stage. "So I figure after Kyle and I get started, I stand in front of him, and this time just let the whole dress go. They see the back and sides a bit. Not anything to compare to Rachel last night, but way more than I did before."
"Yeah, okay, that works. Rachel, what would you do?"
"Well," I was pretty unsure about things. "I really don't know..."
"How about this," Sarah piped up, "you do basically the same thing as me, just make it part of a sexy little tease before you get in bed. So shimmy a little, drop, climb in, and cover. Since you already pretty much did that last time it shouldn't be too hard."
"I don't know," Mike said. "I feel like that's a little similar to you, Sarah, and not really anything bigger than last night."
I privately wondered why I wasn't getting a say in this. But when I tried to speak up, it felt like my tongue was stuck in my mouth.
"Oh!" Sarah said. "How about this. When Clive gets out, he throws the covers back, and Rachel lets the covers fall to waist high when she looks around. No more than was exposed before, but definitely a better look at things. And, of course, she won't turn around like last time."
"Yeah, yeah," Mike agreed, "that could work."
With Sarah talking, it sounded almost doable, at least. My stomach churned at the thought, though. Sure. It meant I'd be virtually naked in front of Nate and Clive on stage, but since I'd already basically done that last night, I guess I could live with this. Hopefully Kyle wouldn't be too jealous. But then, he'd have Sarah tits to look at, wouldn't he? I felt a flush a jealousy pop into in brain, and shook my head to get rid of it. It wasn't fair to him to get mad at enjoying pretty much the same show I was giving two other men who weren't my boyfriend.
"All right," I said, "it's a plan."
*****
Back in the dressing room, Sarah and I got some really unsettling news. Cindy was there, and she seemed to have been clued into things by Mike at some point. Right after we stripped down to get dressed, she came bustling up.
"Whoa, there, ladies!" she said.
"What's wrong?" asked Sarah.
"Got to have era appropriate underwear or nothing. Those things will not be on my stage." She indicated our panties.
Sarah and I exchanged a look. I had forgotten completely about that.
"Do you have any for us?" I asked. I was afraid I knew the answer.
"No, sweetie," Cindy said with sympathy. "We didn't plan on anyone showing that much, so we've got nothing in house for it."
I sat down. I could feel myself getting faint. Annie saw, and came over to help comfort me and Sarah both.
"It's okay, guys," she told us. "You are both incredibly brave. We were all talking about how much we admire what you two are putting into the role. Or, taking off, I guess."
In spite of myself, I giggled a little. Annie went on.
"I understand Mike was going to talk to us anyway, but even before that, I talked to the other girls. We agreed - no pasties under the dancing costumes tonight."
I looked up - this was an unexpected but really sweet form of solidarity, even if Mike was likely to ask for it regardless. Tears brimmed in my eyes, and I told her, "Thank you."
"We've got your back," Annie said, and we shared a hug.
By the time the curtain went up on our second performance, I wasn't a total bundle of nerves. I focused hard on trying to think like my character, and stay focused on the performance. Fortunately, that meant I still got to hang out with Sarah.
We watched together on the screen in the cast room when the dance started. Just like they had said, all four girls came out without the pasties, and you could tell the crowd noticed. They started getting loud the moment they came on, but the place really erupted the moment they turned to face the audience.
It wasn't like I didn't know what they looked like naked. We changed together before every show, after all. But seeing their nipples onstage somehow felt a little more naughty and enticing somehow. Like, it made me want to look. Barry seemed to have the same idea, and he zoomed in tight on Annie's chest almost straight away. Her dark brown nipples seemed to stand out like headlights behind the gauzy material, and there could be no doubt what the audience was seeing.
After a few seconds of focus on Annie's bouncing breasts, Barry zoomed out and back in on Stacy. Her little pink buds were less visible, but when Barry zoomed in you could practically see every little crinkle. He zoomed out and back in again on Claire, whose breasts were probably the largest of the four. Barry had a hard time keeping them center frame, they were bouncing all over the place. Her nipples were the least visible, since they were large and pale, nearly blending in with her skin.
Barry zoomed out and back in on Zoe, just giving everyone watching in the cast room a really good look at her surprisingly well-tanned breasts and dark nipples, and then suddenly zoomed out again. I saw a few crew murmuring on their headsets, and figured the stage manager probably had figured out what Barry was up to, and made him zoom out to regular distance.
It stayed that way for the rest of the dance. The audience, meanwhile, loved it. Especially when all four came down and did that part below the front of the stage. I guess the front few rows really got their money's worth.
By the time it was over, Sarah and I knew we had a really big performance to top. I tried to steady myself at the thought of losing my whole dress on stage, in front of that massive crowd. My stomach started doing flips again. I clutched Sarah's arm and had to sit down. Sarah seemed to know what was going on, and she put a sympathetic arm around me.
I felt bad. I was going through all this, and had hardly thought of my best friend, who was going to be just as naked as me! I hugged her hard, and told her how glad I was that we were doing it together.
Just like the night before, it seemed like hardly any time passed before we had to get ready in the wing for our scene. While we waited, Kyle sidled up to me in the dark.
"I know how hard this is for you," he whispered. He really was sweet. "So I want you to know you won't be the only ones up there without underwear."
He couldn't see it, but my eyes shot open wide! Did Kyle mean...I didn't even finish the thought before Kyle grabbed my hand, and let it slip under his tunic. Oh, god. Yes, those were balls, and he even had a little half-mast erection. Oh my god! He was excited about me going on stage like this! Despite myself, I could tell I was getting a little aroused as well. And just like that, it was time, and Kyle broke away and was entering the stage behind Sarah.
My stomach was in knots, and I was fighting against my own arousal as Mike and Clive stood next to me as we watched. I could hardly imagine what Sarah was going through, except for the fact that I was going to be doing the same thing in mere moments!
I watched as she finished her last line. Kyle leaned in, and she placed a finger to his lips, stopping him. She pushed slightly, and Kyle flopped back into the chair. It was the move I had been going to use with Clive earlier, but we'd had to drop for the new blocking. It got a good laugh. Sarah did a slow saunter that took her in a small half circle, until she was standing a few feet in front of Kyle and facing the audience. She gave him a sultry look over her shoulder, and bent down straight-legged and slid her hands along her legs. I was pretty sure Kyle was getting a view for the ages, and I doubt he had to act to put that look of dumb fascination on his face. The audience seemed to love it, and they laughed again.
Sarah continued to lift her hands, almost raising the hem of the dress too high as she straightened up. I felt myself hold my breath until the hem dropped back down, shy of revealing her complete lack of any undergarments. I could actually hear some of the audience let out its breath at the same time I did, and they didn't even know what they almost saw! Man, Sarah really had that quality people look for on stage. I hadn't known she could turn it on like that!
She started swaying her hips to imaginary music, and somebody in the audience cheered, which brought a laugh. Then her hands went to one shoulder, and a couple more guys cheered. Bigger laugh. She pulled the knot loose, and used the other hand to hold the dress. Then she reached across to the other shoulder. For a second, the audience took in a breath, like they thought she was going to drop the dress without turning around! Even I was almost convinced. But Sarah gave Kyle a coy look over her shoulder, and spun back around toward him. Her hand undid the knot as she crossed the couple steps of distance, and then she let the dress go.
The whole thing puddled at her feet, and my boyfriend now had an up close and personal look at my best friend's completely exposed body! The audience gasped for a second, as they realized Sarah wasn't wearing a stitch under her dress! She was turned away, so they couldn't see the front, but her entire backside was fully on display! The room went dead quiet for a minute, then exploded with cheers and applause. I was surprised to find myself a little jealous of how well they liked Sarah's performance. Then she straddled Kyle's lap, and they began making out.
That was my cue! I had to ignore what they were up to, even though a teeny part of my brain registered that Kyle's hands were in between his body and Sarah's. I couldn't seem him actually touching her, but I had to trust it was just for the performance. No time for thought! I grabbed Clive's hand and pulled him out on stage. Part way across I stopped him, put my hands on his face, and laid a whopper of a kiss on him. Until now I had been mostly pretending, but hell, if I'm going to show him most of my body, I might as well get some real kisses out of it too, right? Clive responded in kind, and we melted into each other a bit. I broke the kiss, and gave him my best seductive look. Backing away, I beckoned him with a finger, and he followed me right up to the bed. I kissed him again, then pushed him onto it. He surprised me by throwing aside his outer toga, leaving just his tunic underneath. He sat on the edge, and I knew it was all on me, now.
I wanted to pull some move like Sarah had done, but I knew if I delayed I would just lose my nerve. I was already a LOT closer to the front of the stage than Sarah was, and I knew the sides of the audience would see quite a bit from that angle. I think some people in the audience figured where this was going, because I heard scattered cheers and clapping. I took a deep breath, put a hand on each shoulder knot, and pulled. The dress dropped like a stone, and just like that I was naked - REALLY naked this time - in front of a crowd of nearly 500 people! They had apparently gotten over their shock, and the room was filled with cheers and applause!
Clive looked just as agog as Kyle had. I could feel myself flush at the knowledge that he was seeing me - all of me. But, I also discovered I was also burning with pleasure! This was a far better rush than I had ever thought. I was the total center of attention, and a bigger part of me than I realized loved that feeling.
I had to move it along, and we quickly transitioned to the scene with me under the covers. There was no question of my breasts flopping all over this time. He'd already seen me naked, he couldn't possible get embarrassed about feeling them rub all over his legs. To my shock, I discovered that Clive was offering the same gesture of solidarity that Kyle had done. He was completely naked under his tunic!
Not only that, but he was obviously pretty aroused. It was weird, being trapped under a sheet, barely concealed from the gaze of hundreds of people, and there in front of me was this thick, meaty shaft. Oh, god. I had to act. I couldn't bob up and down in the right place without practically planting my face right on Clive's dick, so I had to do the best I could.
I wrapped my hand around his dick, and held it, pushing it up toward his stomach. I could feel him jump at the touch, then settle back down when he realized what I was doing. I bobbed my head up and down fiercely, and I could hear the audience still roaring with cheers and laughter. I tried not to, but I'm afraid my hand slipped up and down a bit while I held Clive's penis in place. In a flash of thought, I wondered if my breath felt funny on his balls and the bottom of his shaft. I couldn't really breathe anywhere else. I hoped he didn't mind.
And just like that, I could hear Nate's entrance. Clive moved quickly, and I remembered to pop my head above the covers this time. Like we had planned, I sat all the way up. The sheet fell away, and I forced myself not to stop it. I was sitting so that I faced across the stage, which meant I was facing about half the audience. As the sheet fell, I could feel it slip off my nipples and drop, and just like that, I was exposed.
I had managed to hide my breasts before, except for maybe a few quick seconds here and there. Now half the audience could see everything. I forced myself to look surprised and annoyed, and I could hear the swell of laughter that mixed with the cheers that started right when the sheet fell off my breasts.
Now I was faced with another problem. I couldn't justify my character hiding too much, but I sure as hell wasn't going to get out of bed while facing the audience and completely naked! I compromised by draping one hand over my pussy as I climbed out and crossed to the guys, and then leaning into Clive's side as he and Nate did their lines. I figured my character would at least have that much modesty. I tried not to think about how exposed my body now was, and to the entire audience this time!
When it was time for the pat down, I stepped in front of Nate with my back to the audience, and spread my arms wide. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming - out of embarrassment or excitement, I don't know. Nate and Clive both got a good, long look at my body, along with a few faces peeking from the wings! Then the most unexpected thing happened.
Nate grabbed me by the shoulder, and quickly pushed me around to face the audience! I was in complete shock! I realized Mike hadn't known Sarah and I would be naked - he thought I would still have some kind of underwear on, and that it would just be my breasts exposed! He must have talked to Nate, and told him I would have to face the audience tonight, figuring I was already on board with showing off my chest.
My entire naked body was exposed to a gaping audience of hundreds. My boobs jiggled a bit at the turn, I and could just feel the eyes of every male in the audience fixated on them. What's worse, I couldn't hide! Wrapping my arms back around my body or even dropping a hand to cover my completely exposed pussy would totally break character! I had to maintain the pose, while Nate took his sweet time running his hands down my back and sides. Again, like the night before, he let his hands pass quickly over my breasts, and I felt myself shiver in excitement despite myself. I even felt a warmth between my legs. God! Was I really enjoying this, even just a little?
Meanwhile, the audience was cheering, and had been ever since Nate flipped me around. I was apparently the best thing in this town since sliced bread, and they were letting me know it! I realized I couldn't go back covering up on my way off the stage. They'd already seen everything - the worst that could happen is giving them a few more seconds to look. Fuck it. I was a strong, confident, sexy character, right? Time to be it, not just act it. I strutted away after Clive, not even trying to hide a thing. Right as I reached the edge, I acted on a delicious thought that popped into my mind. Just before disappearing offstage, I turned back, facing the audience again, and blew Nate a little kiss with a wink. Then I bolted, and the audience exploded with applause behind me.
Sarah and Kyle were waiting for me in the wing, and I realized Sarah was still just as naked as I was! I wrapped my arms around my boobs and dropped a hand between my legs like she was doing, and realized the reason - both our costumes were still on stage. There was no getting dressed until after the scene was over. I gave Sarah an awkward one-armed hug, and we whispered quietly together, trying to ignore the fact that all the other people backstage could see most of our bare bodies. Kyle just stood there with the world's biggest shit-eating grin on his face.
It was only a couple minutes until the scene was finished and the stage hands could bring us our costumes, but it felt like hours! Every second I could feel the prying eyes of crew and actors, and my skin was tingling all over. Finally one of the crew ran up holding both our dresses, and Sarah and I were finally clothed again! It was funny how exposed we used to feel in these sames dresses, because we had no underwear beneath it. Now I felt completely covered. Some small part of me even regretted having to put it on, just a little bit. Most of me was dying with relief.
When we got back to the main cast room, it exploded with applause. Everyone surged around Sarah and I and covered us with compliments about our courage and how much we were doing for the show. I could tell from the screen that the audience was still buzzing from our scene. Mike came up to us with a huge grin, and wrapped me and Sarah in a huge bear hug.
"Thank you, guys! You are absolute stars! You have no idea how much this is doing for the show!"
It made me feel good, knowing Sarah and I were actually making a difference. We hugged him back, and then Annie pulled us aside with the other dancers. We shared hugs all around, and they all told us how hard they were rooting for us, and how impressed they were with our performance. For my turn, I told them each how much it meant to me that they had gone so far to support us. They were still in costume, in fact, so they were actually more exposed than either Sarah or myself at the moment!
When the show ended, Mike told everyone backstage that tonight's tally had blown the opening night's clean away. We all cheered. He thanked everyone for their hard work, and had them all give me, Sarah, and the dancers another round of applause. At the end of his little speech, he asked our little group to stay after for a bit, meaning me, Sarah, the dancers, Clive, Kyle, and Cindy.
******
We waited until the rest of the cast and crew was gone, then sat around Mike while he stood and faced us.
"Okay," Mike told us. "We have two more performances. Tonight's was great, but we have to keep the energy up out there. We have to do at least as much, but I really want to know if you guys can give me something more. And yes, I checked with the city guys, and they don't care what we do. They know how important this cause is."
That was all well and good, but how much more could we do? There was a long moment of everyone looking back and forth. Then Cindy spoke up.
"There's not much costume-wise we can do with the regular costumes. Can't really change anything without hurting the accuracy. The dancers, though..." she hesitated, looking to see if they would be fine with her suggesting something. Zoe and Annie both gave her a nod like, 'go ahead.'
"The dancers still have the extra lining in the harem pants. I can take those out tonight," Cindy finished.
I could hear at least a couple of the dancers suck in a breath at the idea. Annie looked at the others, and each quietly looked back, and after a bit, gave a nod. Annie turned back toward Cindy.
"We can do that. I won't say it isn't nerve-wracking to think about, but I think we all agree," Annie glanced at the others, and they nodded. "Anything we can do to make it easier on Sarah and Rachel is worth it."
"Thank you," said Mike. "That is really fantastic. You girls are really stepping up above and beyond, and I know well all really appreciate it. Now, what about the seduction scene?"
I could feel all eyes on me and Sarah. I hoped Sarah had something, because I had absolutely nothing. It was already so overwhelming, I couldn't think of a way to push it further!
I shouldn't have worried. Sarah spoke up.
"Okay, so Rachel, you can tell me if you think this works, but here's what I was thinking."
I nodded, and Sarah continued.
"Okay, so obviously Rachel and I are showing a lot out there already. But what about the guys? I mean, half our audience is going to be women, right? So maybe we give them something more to look at."
Now THAT was an idea I could get behind! I nodded firm agreement, and noticed the other girls all seemed equally enthusiastic! We looked at Kyle and Clive, and they both nodded.
"What exactly are you thinking?" Mike asked.
"Well," Sarah said, "Obviously I'll take my dress off like before. I figure this time I should probably face the audience, if Rachel has to. Then when I turn around, I pull Kyle's tunic over his head, and we sit down like before. Does that work?"
Kyle and Mike were nodding, and Mike motioned toward Clive. "And how about the other two?"
"Okay," said Sarah, "I haven't really thought this through totally, but this is what I'm thinking. Rachel, if I'm already facing the audience when I get naked, that means you pretty much have to, too."
I nodded weakly. I suppose, technically, I could object, but I couldn't think of a reason. Her logic did make sense, after all.
"Okay, so you get naked, then Clive strips off after you. Then back under the sheet like before, and the strip search goes the same as well. Except this time, it'll be funnier because Clive will be naked, too!"
We all laughed. It would be funnier, at that. Mike wasn't totally convinced.
"Doesn't seem like that much more than you are doing, Sarah."
Sarah frowned. "You're right. Well, Rachel can come down closer to the audience, for one thing. So they'll get a better view of that. Oh! I know, she can only bring the sheet up barely over her head - makes the action under the sheet a lot more interesting."
"Okay, yeah, I think that would do it," Mike agreed. Then Mike brought up a quick concern.
"One last thing - guys, I noticed that ladies had you pretty excited during the performance. I asked about it, and just so you know, that won't get us in any trouble. But if it's a concern for you guys, is there anything you can do about it?"
"Not really," Clive piped up. "Hazards of the job, pretty much."
That got another laugh from everyone.
"All right," said Mike. "Well, we're moving up in the ratings, it looks like! If opening night was PG-13, tonight was a least an R, and if you guys are as excited next time, seems like we'll be well past an R tomorrow. Things are getting spicy!"
It felt good to laugh at that, knowing all of us, guys included, were in the same boat. Mike thanked us, and we went our separate ways. Kyle and I went home, and I swear we talked about half the night, and fucked like rabbits the other half. I couldn't believe how turned on I was.
The next day you could tell the whole town was buzzing. Tickets were hard to come by, and the bidding was soaring. Once we reached time to start, the whole theater was buzzing with excitement. Mike stopped in our dressing room after everyone was ready to give us a word of encouragement. He also had a reminder.
"I think the audience is especially pumped tonight, so remember, don't talk over them. Let them laugh, cheer, whatever, then start up again as it drops off. Let them enjoy the show!"
Basic theater stuff, but a good reminder. Meanwhile, I noticed the costumes for the dancers. 'Holy shit' was pretty much my reaction. Without the lining, the pants were completely see-through. It was a little weird seeing them go into the main cast room basically naked except for a thin, gauzy cover. Not that I was wearing that much more, but at least mine wasn't see-through. I did notice that they all tended to sit with something in their lap most of the time, and didn't get up and move around the room as much as previous nights.
Sarah and I sat with them most of the time backstage, and did a little cheer with them before they trooped off for their dance number. It looked like Barry probably got in trouble for his close ups on the previous nights, because this time he stayed zoomed out on the stage the entire time. Not that it made a ton of difference. Every jump, twist, and turn they made, the one thing that was obvious was how naked they were. And sure enough, the audience loved it. I don't think I'd ever heard our town cheer that loudly, even at a football game. And let me tell you, they LOVE football.
You could practically feel the building rocking with applause and cheers when the dancers came off. They came backstage panting, but smiling. Annie pulled me aside after everyone had complimented them and gone back to sitting around and waiting for their cues.
"Rachel, I can totally see why you are willing to get naked up there," Annie told me.
"Really?" I said, a little weak. It's not like I had planned any of it.
"God, it is such a rush. I feel so empowered, you know?" she continued. I just nodded, as if I knew exactly what she was talking about.
Once again, my big scene on stage seemed to arrive before I was ready for it. I gathered in the wings and waited with the others. Sarah seemed to be almost bouncing, she was so nervous. I could barely keep still myself.
The lights came up, and Sarah grabbed Kyle's hand and ran out. They really did look good together on stage. They kissed for a bit, which the audience seemed to like well enough, but you could tell they were waiting for the next part. Sure enough, Sarah pushed Kyle into the chair like before. It didn't have arms, and he nearly missed the chair this time, just catching himself. That got a good laugh. Then Sarah started to really work the charm.
First she leaned in close to Kyle, whispering in his ear and lightly kissing down one side of his face. Then she turned around and put her ass in his lap, and slowly twirled her hips around and around, grinding into him. Kyle leaned back like he was loving it, and when Sarah stood up again, you could see the front of his tunic lifting a little from his excitement. The audience laughed again.
Sarah started to dance her way forward, until she was closer to the audience than to Kyle. I realized she was getting close, because that's what I had to do. Sarah really was a good friend. She did her sensual shimmer, and raised one hand to her shoulder while looking over at Kyle. The crowd got a little louder. She pulled the knot loose, and the dress dropped in front, still held in place by her other hand. The crowd was realizing that Sarah wasn't turning around, and the noises of appreciation continued to build. Sarah smiled over her shoulder again, and then smiled out at the audience, and took away the hand hold the dress in the middle. The dress slipped straight down, and I could tell her breast was completely bare to the audience. With the same hand, she grabbed the other knot, and looked coyly at Kyle again. This time she had no hand ready to hold the dress, so when she pulled the knot, the whole thing slipped effortlessly off and puddled at her feet.
The audience erupted with appreciation. Sarah seemed to realize the scene couldn't continue until they quieted down, so she held her pose, cocking one hand on her hip and looking over her shoulder at Kyle. Meanwhile, practically our entire town got to stare at her naked body. When they finally started to quiet down, Sarah turned and strutted back to Kyle. Rather than make him stand up, she dropped on her knees in front of him. She put a hand on each leg, and started to run them up his body, taking the tunic with it.
The crowd got loud again, this time a higher pitched portion, as the girls in the audience started to realize what was happening. It exploded into cheers as Sarah lifted Kyle's tunic up and off, and he was left just as naked as her, with his dick sticking up just enough to be seen all the way in the back. I could hardly believe most of the town was now looking at my boyfriend naked! Then Sarah climbed on his lap again, and that was my cue.
I grabbed Clive and rushed out on stage, doing my best not to think about anything, but just letting myself BE the performance. I skipped halfway across, then turned around and laid a huge kiss on Clive. We'd already started that sort of thing last night, so it seem silly to do some sort of weird stage kiss now. He wrapped his arms around me, and let his hands drift down to my ass. I had gotten together and talked with him about it earlier, so I knew it was coming, but I still jumped a bit. After a few seconds, I broke free and seductively backed up in front of him, beckoning with my finger.
I knew I had to be bigger than Sarah - she was supposed to be the warm up act. But this crowd was already hot! I sat Clive down, and turned away from him toward the audience. I forced myself not to think about all the people I knew out there, and focused on my performance. I put a little swing into my step the way Sarah had done, and looked out toward the audience, then over my shoulder at Clive.
The crowd was definitely buzzing, waiting to see what I'd do. I played with the hem, first, lifting it a little, then putting it down. I slid my hands up the back of my legs until I got to my butt, then let the dress fall again. It wasn't until I moved one hand up toward my shoulder that I heard the crowd buzzing again, though. I slipped the cloth over the shoulder quickly, then back up.
"Oh, come ON!" a voice shouted from the back. That got a laugh. I smiled toward the back the the theater, and fiddled with the knot. The noises got louder. I tugged it loose, but didn't let it fall. Louder still. I held it barely in place with one hand, then reached for the other shoulder. Tug, tug, hold. They got louder still.
I let my hands drop.
The dress pooled at my feet, and I was naked, facing the audience full on. Completely exposed. A shudder rushed through my whole body, and chills ran up and down my spine. The audience, meanwhile, roared and cheered. I couldn't move on until the quieted down, so I just stood there, letting them drink in every inch of my naked body, and waited. When they finally quieted down, I ran my hands up my body, over my breasts, and through my hair, like I was thinking about how sexy I was. It wasn't all acting, if I'm honest.
Finally, I turned toward Clive. His tunic was already strained, and folks in the front row probably had quite a view. I got on my knees like Sarah had done. I had to make it sexier somehow. I did the only thing I could think of. I kissed my way up his legs, then up his torso as I took the tunic with me. By the time I got back to his lips, we were both panting a little, and we were both very, very naked.
Clive climbed back on the bed and lay down, his erection jutting straight out above him. This was going to be a problem. I pulled the sheet over my head, but like Clive and I had planned earlier, it only went as far as his waist. That way there would be no doubt as to where my head was.
The problem was Clive. His penis, that is. I didn't have room for it and my head. I couldn't push it up again because then it would poke out above the sheet. It wouldn't stay down when I tried to bend it down. And after staring at it that close, I felt myself starting to lose control. It was just me and him, right? As far as anyone else knew, I was just being convincing. I knew Clive wouldn't say anything, and Kyle couldn't object after I didn't say anything about him doing almost the same thing with my naked best friend. So I did it. I took Clive's dick, and lowered my mouth onto it.
I knew the crowd loved it, even if they didn't know I wasn't acting. Clive was reacting very believably up above the sheet, and I finally had his dick in my mouth. I pistoned up and down, swirling my tongue as I pumped away. I only had a few second of this, so I wanted to make it count.
It was only a half dozen bobs up and down, and then Clive reacted to Nate's entrance. I popped off his dick just in time as he threw the sheet back. This time, I sat up all the way on my knees, and slammed a fist into the sheets in mock frustration. Laughter, cheers, and a huge round of applause. The audience loved that scene. We held the pose, Clive naked and out of bed, me naked on the bed but totally exposed to the audience. I think they found Clive's very prominent erection hilarious as well.
When they finally quieted down, Nate and Clive went on with their lines, and Nate pulled me off the bed and down to center stage for the 'strip search.' It felt so much more sexual now, after the way things had gone. And Nate seemed to think so, too. He stepped up behind me, and I felt his crotch bulging right at my butt. I reacted on instinct, and pressed my rear into him a bit. It got a laugh! That made me feel good.
Then Nate forced my arms out to the side, and spread my legs. Suddenly I felt exquisitely exposed, much more so than at any point. Nate bent and slowly ran his hands up first one leg, and then the other. Each time he got to the top, one hand brushed the bottom of my pussy ever so slightly. I shuddered at the touch each time. Then Nate stepped up straight behind me, and I remembered to grind my ass into his crotch again. Using both hands, he slowly felt his way up my entire torso, stopping briefly with his hands entirely covering my breasts. My nipples were rock hard buds, and he squeezed my breasts quickly before moving on.
He finally released me and admitted I wasn't concealing any weapons, sounding disappointed as he said so. The audience seemed to think it was the funniest thing they had heard all night. I turned to go, but realized I should do something a little more than blow a kiss like last time. I had skipped a few steps away already, but I skipped back quickly, grabbed Nate's head, and planted one hell of a kiss on his lips. Then I turned and strutted off stage.
As soon as I was off, I nearly collapsed. My legs were like jelly, and my stomach felt about as solid as a bowl of pudding. Kyle and Sarah were waiting, both still naked. They quickly helped me up, and both gave me a huge hug.
"You were awesome, babe," Kyle whispered. And Sarah agreed.
"MVP of the play, Rachel, without a doubt," she told me. Once again, we had to wait until our costumes got brought back by the crew to get dressed. Then we headed backstage for the rest of the play.
I was terrified I would get in trouble for actually going down on Clive, but nobody seemed to have figured it out. After everyone else was gone and Mike met with us again, he didn't even bring it up. Instead, he raved about the performance, and complimented each of us on how great we did.
Finally, he broached the topic we knew he had to. What to do for the final night?
"I know you guys know this, but we've always gone above and beyond on the final night. Now, I know we've already done that, but people are going to be expecting something even more. I heard at least a couple dozen people talk about excited they were to see what more we could do on the last night. I know the tickets are going to be through the roof with the bidding, and we can't leave those people disappointed."
We all nodded. We knew it had to be bigger. Once again, Annie spoke up for the dancers.
"We talked with Cindy earlier, and we have an idea. What if we go back to the dance we had at the beginning?"
"You mean, right in the laps of some of the first few rows?" Mike asked, incredulous.
"Yeah," Annie confirmed. "There's not really too much more that we could do."
"Also," Zoe piped up. "Cindy said she could alter the tops and pants to be tear-away. We could end on that. Since we won't need the costumes any more after tomorrow night, it won't matter."
Stacy and Claire looked kind of terrified at the thought, but they both nodded their agreement to what Annie and Zoe were saying.
"Great," Mike said. "That is really fantastic. Way more than I thought we could do. And how about you guys?"
Mike meant me and Sarah, but he was obviously talking mostly to Sarah.
"Okay, so Rachel and I can't really be more naked."
Everyone chuckled. That was true.
"So the only thing we can do," Sarah continued, "is be naked longer, and make the scene more sexy."
Mike was nodded, and everyone was listening intently.
"I figure I should stay facing front as much as possible. Rache, your move, kissing up the body as you took off Clive's clothes, was super hot. I figure I'll do that with Kyle. Then, when we're both naked, I guess I sit facing the audience. That leaves me exposed for the entire scene."
"Sounds perfect," Mike said. "What about Clive and Rachel?"
"Well, we gotta lose the sheet," Sarah said. I nearly yelped, but kept quiet. I hated to admit it, but she was right, and I certainly couldn't say that I was hoping to keep the sheet so I could sneak another taste of Clive!
"So with no sheet, Rachel could even mime the blowjob right on the edge. If we extend the scene, she could do that for a while, then get on the bed and be about to have sex when Nate comes on."
"Yeah, yeah, really good," Mike said. "And Rachel, your teasing with Nate is just fantastic. How about we punch that up a little, too?"
"Oh, yeah!" Sarah jumped in again. "I had an idea about that, too. After he runs his hands over her, she should try to give him a blowjob, too. It'll be hilarious when he pushes her away, and she pouts about it as she goes offstage. In fact, I could stay on stage, too, and he could pretend he has to check me as well."
"Damn, Sarah," Mike said, "you really are a firecracker! Okay, all this is great! And I didn't get any complaints about tonight's performance, either, so I don't think we have anything to worry about! Great work, guys!"
And that was it. Now I was committed to everything Sarah had said, and I couldn't bring myself to object. They were right, the audience would be expecting something big. We had to do something.
******
The next day I think we were all pretty jazzed up. A lot of energy in the room. Annie and Claire showed us the changes Cindy had made to their outfits. Now the top fastened in front, so it could be torn open and off with ease, and the pants had gotten the same treatment at the seams.
Sarah and I got dressed right away, and went to wait for things to start. The feed was already going in the main cast room, and after watching for a minute, I realized it was switching between cameras. Mike must have noticed my surprise, because he came over.
"Barry got a couple friends to man two other cameras, left and right, for the filming we're doing of the performance tonight. That way we can get close ups from either side while Barry can still capture the whole stage."
I murmured something about that being great, and Mike noticed how pale I was. He clapped a hand on my shoulder.
"Don't worry about it, kiddo. Just put everything else out of your mind, just focus on giving a great show."
I nodded. Great show, yeah. If only that didn't involve parading my naked body around in front of the whole town. I found my seat near Sarah and Kyle, and tried not to think about things too hard. Just be. That's all I had to do. Just be my character.
Once the play started, I was going through everything in a daze. I did notice that the crowd was electric. Anything remotely funny or sexy got a HUGE response, and it was making all of us in the cast a little sharper and a little bigger with everything we did. When it was time for the dance number, the girls hardly even seemed nervous.
We watched the screen closely, and now that Barry's friends were on the extra cameras, we got some real close ups of all the girls. The crowd, of course, was setting the building rocking, cheering loud enough to drown out the music. When they started down the steps and into the crowd, it got even louder, if that was possible. The cameras on the side focused in mostly on Annie and Zoe, who also seemed to be the boldest, shimmying right in front of the people in the front row, and up the aisles. They even leaned over guys in aisle seats, and playfully batted away a few groping hands, but not before some lucky guys got a real handful.
You could feel the crowd groan in disappointment as the girls then headed back up on to the stage. But then, instead of the normal moves, they started on a new routine, something they had obviously worked on with Cindy. After strutting across the stage, they turned their backs to the audience. I think a few guys started to figure out what was going on, and they cheered. Sure enough, in one motion, all four girls ripped open their tops, and dropped them behind themselves. The room exploded all over again, as the girls all turned around and danced and shimmied away, now completely topless. Not that their costumes had hid much of it before.
The next time they turned away, the crowd stayed loud. They seemed to know what was going on. Sure enough, the pants ripped away, and the audience went wild. When the dancers turned back, they coyly held their hands waist high for a minute, then flung them away before dancing, completely exposed, for another 10 or 15 seconds. It felt like way longer, but Cindy insisted that's all it was. They went back the old routine right at the end and stuck the pose. Then they had to hold it, waiting for the applause to die down. It took a long time, but finally it slowed, and the girls rushed off stage. Well, they had done their part. Now Sarah and I had to do ours.
This time, when Sarah went on, she got a huge ovation. They obviously knew this scene was going to be good. Like before, she and Kyle were doing the loving looks and kissing, while Kyle tried to resist, poorly. Sarah backed him into the chair, then left him there and went straight down to center stage. Obviously, this next part was for the audience. She still tossed looks back at Kyle, but just as many out to the audience. First one knot, this time not even trying to hold the dress as it fell away from her breast. Then the other knot, and the dress slipped to the ground.
Now my best friend was totally naked, and she held the pose while the crowd expressed its appreciation. As the cheers slowed, she strutted back toward Kyle, once again kneeling in front of him. This part was the same as last night, slowly stripping my boyfriend until his entire body and his very erect penis were revealed to the crowd. The only thing that changed was Sarah coming to the side of the chair to finish taking the tunic off his head, giving the whole theater an unobstructed view of my boyfriend's...everything.
When she knelt down in front of him again, instead of climbing on his lap, the crowd got louder. Then Sarah's head dipped into his lap, bobbing up and down, and they cheered. Since I was backstage, though, I got a much better look.
I couldn't believe what I saw. Sarah and Kyle were no more than a dozen feet from me, and my angle let me see right across Kyle's lap and his rock hard dick visible above his legs. At least, it WOULD have been visible, if my best friend hadn't just slipped her mouth right over it!
It felt like I had been kicked in the stomach by mule. My boyfriend had rolled his head back and was obviously loving it, and Sarah was hoovering up and down his shaft like there was no tomorrow. Not only that, but this was in front of the whole town! They couldn't see what I saw, of course, so they didn't know the fake blowjob was very, very real.
Suddenly Sarah popped up, and turned around. She settled onto Kyle's lap, sliding her hips backward along his thighs. By the time she stopped, I couldn't see Kyle's dick, and I didn't know whether it was because he was fucking her or if this part, at least, was fake.
My fists were clenched at my sides, and my mind was churning, when Clive grabbed me and told me it was time to go on. I whirled and faced him, and he gestured toward the stage. I had completely forgotten everything else, and we were missing our cue! Every second I gave them on stage meant a second longer of them betraying me. I was furious, and all I could think of was revenge. And I knew exactly what to do.
I grabbed Clive and hauled him out on stage. We were greeted with applause, but I ignored it. My body was tingling all over, thinking about what I was going to do. Halfway across Clive pulled me into a kiss, and did I ever give him one. Steamy, hot, tongue-lashing kisses, while his hands roamed all over my back and ass. I felt him lift the back of my dress, enough to flash the bottom of my rear to the audience. Three days ago I would have been mortified, but this time I didn't care. I let my hands roam, too, even sneaking a feel under his tunic, where I found a complete lack of underwear, as I knew I would.
We finally broke apart, and I led him over to the bed. This time it was missing the sheet, as was planned. I decided to start things with a bang, so rather than make Clive sit down, I kept him standing. Breaking off our kisses, I started kissing my way down his chest, his waist, and then his legs beneath his tunic. The crowd had been buzzing from our entrance, but suddenly started to go quiet, waiting to see what would happen.
Starting from his thighs, I began to kiss my way back up, my hands lifting his tunic above my head as I went. And I didn't ignore his dick as I went. I brought my head right up the center of his body, letting his dick slid across my face, and covering it with fluttery kisses as I went up. By the time his tunic was off, he looked as speechless as the crowd. I dropped his tunic to the side, and turned around in front of him. I grabbed his hands, and brought them around in front of me.
Clive picked up the idea, and soon his hands roved over my body, feeling me up over my dress. He allowed himself a squeeze of each breast over the cloth, and I sucked in my breath. Despite everything, Clive had never yet put a hand on any of my sensitive parts. Running his hands higher, he stopped at my shoulders, while he leaned his head in and kissed the back of my neck. Without speaking, he knew what I wanted him to do. First he undid one knot, and slowly followed the dress down as it fell over one breast, kneading it and twisting the nipple, in the full view of the entire auditorium. He slipped that hand to the middle of my chest, while the other started to undo the other knot. Again, his hand followed the dress to my breast, fondling it briefly. Then he let go, and I was naked.
We stopped there, letting the roar and applause from the crowd wash over us. At last I turned and pushed him back onto the bed. I was going to go back to the pose we had used every night previous, me setting up between his legs, but this time Clive had other ideas. As he lay back, he caught me, and quickly twisted me so that I straddled above him, looking down his body from above his waist. Meanwhile, my legs had straddled above his face. Oh, god. I knew what he was doing. The thing was, I wanted to do it. I looked across from the bed, and saw Kyle and Sarah. They were still in rhythm together, Sarah facing the crowd and lifting up and down on his thighs. One of Kyle's hands had drifting around and was cupping Sarah's pert little breast. I had no doubt they were fucking right in front of me. Well, fuck you, Kyle. I looked right at him, and lowered my head over Clive's dick.
My hair fell around my head to disguise what I was doing. As far as the audience knew, I was faking. But I wasn't. I fervently started tonguing Clive, and then slipped his whole dick in as far as I could take it. At the exact same time, I felt his breath, and then his tongue hit my pussy. Suddenly I was writhing and moaning around his dick as I pumped up and down with my mouth, and tried to wiggle my hips away from his tongue assault. It just kept going, sending waves of pleasure shooting through me. I couldn't get away, and the longer he kept it up, the sooner I would orgasm. Sure, I wanted to send Kyle a nice 'fuck you' message, but I was terrified at the idea of having an orgasm, right there on stage! I needed to do something.
I let go of Clive's dick, and it flapped back on his belly with a wet slap. Then I rolled off his body, and sat up. The crowd groaned, obviously having enjoyed our fake (so far as they knew) sixty-nine. I stared at Clive and he stared at me. I wasn't sure what to do, and everyone was waiting! Just a Clive took my hand and started to lead me to sit on top of him (and who knows where his dick would end up, then!), Nate burst on the scene. Perfect timing. I whirled around looking mad, and Clive threw up his hands in mock frustration. The crowd roared with laughter.
As Nate came over to starting arguing with Clive, he stopped Sarah from going offstage. Kyle kept going and disappeared, but meanwhile Nate went on with the altered lines we had agreed on, now including Sarah as a possible dangerous assassin. The crowd loved it. When Nate finished his lines, then he spun Sarah around to face the audience, and started feeling her up, just like he had done with me previously. The crowd was especially appreciative when he ran his hands slowly across her breasts, kneading them slightly, and when he dipped his hands between her legs.
Then he turned and grabbed me. As we had arranged, I was supposed to try to blow him to get him to let me go. I said my new line, and dropped to me knees in front of Nate. At this point he had turned away from the audience to face me, so my naked body was still exposed to anyone who could see around his legs. Nate was supposed to push me away, but instead he just stared at me. I had to keep going! My line had indicated what I wanted, so I couldn't go away unless Nate resisted. I put my hands up to his crotch, and still he did nothing.
I lifted his tunic, and found he was wearing absolutely nothing underneath. Instead, there in front of me was his rapidly inflating penis. I sucked in my breath, and looked up at his face. He just smiled, and said nothing. I realized I knew what he wanted. I couldn't believe it - under the guise of the play, he was trying to get me to suck his dick in front of the entire town! He must have figured out that I was actually doing that with Clive, and now he wanted in on it. I licked my lips and continued to look at him. His dick got a little bigger, and was now bobbing right in front of my lips. At the very least, I would have to hold it while I pretended to give him head.
Then, out of nowhere, Sarah kneeled next to me. I looked at her in surprise, and she smiled at me. Then, reaching in front of my face, she grabbed Nate's dick, and pulled it toward her! I watched, unable to turn away, as she slipped her lips over the head and sucked gently, before pulling it out and swirling her tongue around the tip. Then she pointed the head toward my lips, and gestured with her eyes. I leaned in, in spite of my better judgement, and slipped my lips over the tip as well. I sucked for second, in and out, then let go and passed it back to her. Sarah went deeper, pumping it in and out several times, then finished off with kissing lightly on the underside. Nate moaned, quietly enough that we were the only ones who heard it. Sarah let go, and I grabbed his dick in my hand, and attacked it with abandon. After that, Sarah and I passed it back and forth several times, kissing, licking, sucking, even briefly both of us kissing along the side at the same time, until Nate suddenly tensed. I realized he was about to explode with an orgasm. If he came right then, it would splatter all over me and Sarah. Sexy, sure, but a dead giveaway that all this sex stuff on stage was real. We couldn't let that happen. Not knowing what else to do, I plunged my lips over his dick and did my best Hoover impression. His hot, salty seed exploded down my throat, and I swallowed as fast as I could to keep up. One, two, three, four heavy blasts, and then it subsided. I sucked for a moment more, and then pulled off.
I looked up at Nate. His eyes had rolled back, and he seemed scarcely aware of his surroundings. Sarah, meanwhile, noticed a last drip forming at the tip of his dick, and she quickly sucked it into her mouth and polished him off.
That seemed to revive him, and Nate motioned for us to stand up, and said something about not needing to check us after all. That got a huge laugh, and me and Sarah finally made our exit. Mike was in the wings, of course, and he surprised us both with a huge hug.
"That was the most incredible, sexy thing we have ever had on our stage!" he enthused in a loud whisper. "I don't know how you did it! And that improv at the end, holy shit! It was so convincing, I almost thought it was real!"
Sarah laughed, and gave him another hug. "I'm glad you liked it, Mike. We just went with our instinct on that last part, and it worked!"
Kyle came over, still naked, and tried to give us both a hug as well. I couldn't yell at him, but I gave him a death glare, and stalked away. I'd rather go into the cast room naked than be with him for one more second. Fortunately, I had company, as all the dancers were still there, and had mostly given up covering by that point. I wouldn't talk to anyone until the play was over, saving up my wrath for afterwards, when I would let it loose on my former boyfriend and best friend.
At the curtain call, I was shocked to find that Sarah and I got the biggest ovations. Huge, standing ovations that went on an embarrassingly long time. As we went off stage, I decided to wait until after we changed back into regular clothes to confront Sarah and Kyle. To my surprise, Sarah pulled me aside in the dressing room.
"Rachel, we need to talk."
I glared hard at her.
"You bet we do," I replied, barely keeping my voice steady. "Just let me get into regular clothes first."
"Actually, I'd rather we talk now, before we see Kyle."
I stared at her, eyes narrowed into slits. "Sure, you'd love to have Kyle..wait, you want to talk without Kyle here?"
Sarah nodded. "Look, I know there's probably some stuff that needs explaining, but if you'll listen, I think you'll realizing I'm doing you a favor."
I almost stormed out right there. If it weren't for the other girls changing, I probably would have started screaming. Instead, I lowered my voice to a fierce whisper.
"Oh sure," I said, "blowing my boyfriend and having sex on stage was just a huge favor for me. I bet."
Sarah looked at me, steady, even, not flinching in the slightest. "Kyle knew you were really blowing Clive under the sheet the last time."
That rocked me back a bit. "What?"
"He and I knew. The stage lights on the far side shined through, and we could see your silhouette through the sheet. Nobody else figured it out, it was only visible from our angle."
My white hot fury was replaced by a block of ice in the middle of my stomach. "What? How...why?"
I couldn't articulate it, but I still couldn't figure out what had happened. Sarah looked at me with concern and affection.
"Look, let me just go through it, and I think by the time I'm done, you'll see."
I nodded, too shocked to say anything.
"It started before then. We saw you holding Clive's dick before, because of the same lighting thing. Kyle was crushed. He said he couldn't believe you would do something like that to him. I tried to explain that it was just what the play called for, that you had to do something to keep from going down on Clive. But Kyle wouldn't listen to me. After you fell asleep that night, he called me, trying to figure out if he should break up with you. I told him that was absurd, and that you wouldn't do anything to betray his trust."
"Well, it took a lot of talking, but I finally got him to admit that if it were he and I in the roles you have Clive had, he wouldn't have considered it cheating. I told him if he let it go, I would let him feel me up a little during our scene to make things even. He was against it at first, but I convinced him it was only fair, and that it was the only way he could let go of what you did."
"Then the next night came. We saw you put your mouth on Clive, blowing him. Kyle was really crushed that time. I tried to talk him down offstage, but he wouldn't listen to me. I had to call him about 50 times that night, too, before he finally agreed to meet with me after breakfast. When we met, I told him I was sure you didn't mean to hurt him, and that it was just a tough, split second decision, and that the location of the sheet made it impossible to hold Clive's dick aside like before. Finally, I told him that if he would be willing to work it through with you after the play, I would suck him during our last scene together. Now, he's going to be coming in here in a few minutes, and I want you to think long and hard about how you've abused his trust."
I was floored. I hadn't thought about what I had been doing with Clive. Somehow, my mind had separated my actions on the stage from my relationship with Kyle, and I had never thought of it as cheating. Now that Sarah laid it all out, I couldn't believe what I had done! I started to cry. A little at first, then huge, gasping sobs after a while. Sarah put her arm around me, and she just held me.
It was amazing what a little perspective could do. Now I realized that Sarah was doing everything she could to keep Kyle from justifiably storming out on our relationship. What's more, I realized she also saved me with Nate! By sucking him off first, she helped me get through a scene that could have ruined the play, my relationship with Kyle, or both!
It took several minutes, but when I finally felt cried out, Sarah helped me blow my nose and fix my make-up. Annie and Zoe had stuck around, too. Apparently Sarah had filled them in after they saw Kyle punching the crap out of a sandbag backstage. I started apologizing to Sarah, and nearly started crying again. She assured me she would do anything as my best friend, and that my relationship with Kyle was worth saving. That started me crying again for real, and it was several minutes again before I was able to compose myself.
I said something about getting dressed - me, Sarah, Annie, and Zoe were all still naked. Quite a sight it must have been, really. Four young, attractive girls, sitting around a dressing room full of clothes, naked, and comforting one girl who keeps bursting into tears. When I mentioned clothes, Annie spoke up.
"Look, Rach, Sarah explained the whole thing to us. And with the way things went on stage tonight, Zoe and I agree that she might need some help in fixing things with Kyle for you."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well, look," Zoe said. "Kyle had to watch you hold another guy's dick, and then the next night give the guy a blowjob. Tonight he had to watch while you did it again, and then a second guy. He has every right to be mad."
"Oh, god, you're right," I said, and started to cry again.
"No, no, wait," said Sarah. "Listen to what we're saying. Kyle agreed that stuff that happened during the performance wasn't something to blame you for. Tonight is a little harder to understand, but one of the things that made it fair was Kyle getting the same treatment from me."
I nodded. That made sense. I sniffled a bit and blew my nose again.
"So, Annie and Zoe are sticking around with us for a reason. Kyle will come in a little later because I asked him to. The only way to make this fair is if he gets from us what you gave out to Clive and Nate."
Annie piped up again. "Sarah asked me to help, but Zoe heard as well, and she said if we went one further - three girls instead of two - there's no way Kyle could object to anything you did on stage tonight."
"So what do you think," Zoe said. "Are you willing to let us help?"
I was almost ready to cry again, this time out of joy. I couldn't believe I had such good friends!
"Yes," I said, "thank you! Thank you so much for helping me, after I've been such a jerk to Kyle. You guys are the best friends a girl like me could ask for!"
That was how Kyle found us. Four naked girls hugging and crying together in an otherwise empty dressing room. As soon as I saw him, I ran and hugged him tight.
"I'm so sorry, Kyle, I'm so sorry."
It was all I could get out before bursting into sobs. To his credit, Kyle didn't say anything, he just hugged me tight. It was exactly what I needed. After a few minutes of him holding me while I cried into his shirt, Sarah took him aside to explain the situation. I couldn't have done it, I'm sure. I would have started crying all over again after every sentence.
I could tell it was hard for Sarah to convince him. He was shaking his head, and disagreeing for quite a while. Finally, she must have said something that worked, because he looked thoughtful, and then finally nodded. That was all we needed. I hugged him again, and stepped aside while Sarah, Annie, and Zoe gathered around to remove the clothes he had just got changed into.
Within less than a minute he was naked again, with Annie and Zoe each on one side of him, and Sarah in between his legs.
"Remember," she told him, "only blow jobs. That's how we keep this fair."
Kyle nodded, and Sarah started kissing and licking his cock. Kyle shared a kiss with Annie first, and then Zoe, as they each pressed their breasts into his hands. He groped them eagerly, squeezing and caressing, rubbing his palm over their nipples on occasion. Sarah slipped her mouth over his dick and pumped up and down several times, then popped off. She got up and was replaced by Annie, who immediately started twisting and rubbing his dick with her hand, and slipping her mouth on and off with each stroke.
Meanwhile, Sarah had taken Annie's position at Kyle's side, and leaned her breasts into him while his hands roamed over them, and they shared a kiss. After a maybe a minute or so, they switched up again with Annie and Zoe trading places. Zoe had a different technique altogether, kissing, licking, and sucking all over the outside of the shaft without putting it all the way in her mouth, until right at the end when she popped it in for a couple quick slurps.
This entire time I felt myself getting hotter and hotter. I had never wanted Kyle more than at that moment. All I wanted to do was make everything up to him, and yet it was eating me away inside that it wasn't me enjoying his dick and hands. That was when Sarah beckoned to me.
"Come on, Rachel, it's time."
That's all it took. I rushed into Kyle's arms, and covered his face with kisses. The other girls stepped away, and I kissed my way frantically down Kyle's chest and stomach, and hungrily attacked his cock. He grunted and tipped his hips slightly back and forth as I pumped up and down, sucking madly. Then he reached forward and fondled my breasts gently, lifting them, squeezing, and my nipples between his fingers. It sent electric jolts through me, straight to my pussy, which by now was dripping wet. Then he reached his hands to my arms, and lifted me up gently, and turned me around.
I was ready and aching to be taken. Kyle grabbed me firmly by the hips and plunged deep into me. I groaned in pleasure as he began to pump in and out, faster and faster. Unable to resist, I reached one hand down between my legs and began flicking and rubbing at my clit, bringing me closer and closer to orgasm. Suddenly, I felt lips on my nipples, both of them. My eyes shot open, and I realized Zoe and Annie were each sucking and nibbling my breasts and nipples all over. It was just what I needed, and I exploded into a screaming orgasm, just as Kyle erupted within, pumping surge after surge into my pulsating pussy.
It was three weeks before I saw anybody else from the play again, besides Kyle and Sarah. Thanks to Sarah, my relationship with Kyle was stronger than ever. I was still working to regain his trust, but to his credit he said he has forgiven me completely, and the whole thing was in the past. In the past, except for one thing - the video from the last performance. Kyle insisted on getting it, and said that even if it was painful, he wanted to have a reminder around of one of the most important times in our relationship.
I've only seen it once - with three cameras, I was astounded at how much high definition detail was captured. The tiniest jiggle and bounce of the dancer's breasts, even the little gropes the audience snuck in that I hadn't seen before. What really shocked me was how much they captured of my performance. They didn't catch what happened with Sarah and Kyle - her position kept what she was doing from cameras and audience. But for me, well, there was a camera on each side of the auditorium, and it captured Clive's tongue as he lapped and kissed at my clit, and even though my hair probably hid most of it from the audience, the camera on the other side clearly caught my face as I slid lips over Clive's penis. I was mortified all over again, and insisted that Sarah come over again one more time to make things up for him.
But the best news, and what I'm sure you were really waiting for, was that the fundraising was fantastically successful. We managed to cover all the costs that needed to be covered, and then some. Now, the only question was what we would do for next year.