Welcome to the battle of the Bernadette vs Penny website series, Episode 3!
Bernadette and her three friends stood in dimly lit path in the middle of the city park on a crisp Pasadena evening.
She looked up into the faces of the three men standing around her beaming. "This is exciting, isn't it?! I'm all tingly!" she squeaked.
Raj concurred. "Ya, sure!"Anytime I get to fuck that sweet pussy is exciting!
"Sure is!" Stuart said.I'm gonna have sex! I'm gonna have sex!
"About the reimbursement for my services," Will Wheaton said flatly.My directorial debut!They invited Will along because he was the only person they knew who actually had film experience. Sure, Penny had film experience. But, in their minds, her acting in a couple of porno flicks, while exciting, didn't count. They wanted to bring some class, some quality content to Bernadette's new website, Bad Bernie.
Bernadette shot Will a look. "What about it?"
"I'll be expecting $125 per hour. I'll get credits for directing and editing in large, bold type. And I'll be expecting 10% of the profits from each film," he said very business-like.
Bernadette stared him down. "You'll get a blow job tonight and another one after it's been edited to my satisfaction and uploaded to the website. That's it, mister," she said sternly.
Will nodded. "Done!" After collecting his thoughts, he got back into director mode. "Okay, Bernadette, you know what's going to happen tonight, right? Raj and Stuart are going to drag you off the path and..."
She cut him off. "Have wild, freaky sex with me!"
"Hopefully," Will stated flatly. "Okay, you two," he said, pointing at Raj and Stuart, who were dressed head to toe in black with black ski masks sitting on their heads just waiting to be pulled down. "You guys know what to do right?" They both nodded their heads.
"We're going to pop out from behind the bushes right there," Raj said, pointing at the bushes just to their right, "then we're going to drag her over there and..."
"Have wild, freaky sex with me!"
Stuart shrugged his shoulders. "Uh, yeah, sure."
"Exactly!" Raj said with excitement.
Will looked at Bernadette. "Don't struggle too much, okay? We don't want anybody getting hurt."
"Ya. I just had a mani-pedi. I don't want to ruin it," Raj said with concern in his voice.
"Of course not! Why would I struggle? I can't wait! Oh, and don't worry about my clothes. I bought this dress just for tonight! I got it at Goodwill!" She was wearing a blue, flowery short dress with a scoop neck that showed plenty of skin, with buttons down the front to her waist. As usual, due to her short stature, she normally had to shop in the juniors section. Junior girls don't typically have Bernadette's curves, so she was squeezed into the dress. It looked like the buttons were about to burst. And it was quite obvious she had gone braless for tonight's activities. Her breasts had a pleasant bounce to them when she walked and her nipples were erect and trying to poke holes in the thin material. "And I'm wearing a tiny little g-string." She lifted the side of her skirt above her hips to reveal a thing, power blue string. "I think it would be neat if you ripped it off with your teeth, don't you?" All three men nodded.
"And remember, no names," Will warned them. "You're strangers, right? No names." The three actors nodded. "Okay then. Let's do this. Take your places. Break a leg!"
Raj and Stuart pulled down their masks and dove behind their assigned bushes while Bernadette stepped back a few yards, fluffed her hair and adjusted her tits.
Will lifted the camera to his face. "Action!"
Bernadette began to walk towards Will, looking into the starry sky. "What a beautiful night for a stroll in the park," she mused for the camera. "And I've got the park all to myself. Oh my goodness!" She feigned shock when Raj and Stuart jumped onto the path and quickly grabbed her. She shook her body and lightly flailed her arms. "Stop it! Stop! What...what do you think you're doing?!"
Ray wrapped his arms around her upper torso and placed his hand over her mouth while Stuart grabbed her legs. "Shut up, uh, bitch, and nobody gets hurt," Raj said without much conviction in his thick, Indian accent while the two men carried her off the path.
Bernadette meekly cried "Stop! Stop!" until they reached the designated clearing not far off the path. Raj spun her around in his arms once she was on her feet so she was facing him and pressed her into Stuart.
"Here, hold her," Raj said to Stuart. Stuart quickly wrapped her arms into his and pulled them behind her, thrusting her chest out and increasing the pressure on her buttons. "Now, let's have a look at those boobies."
Boobies?Will thought to himself while he watched through the large viewfinder.I may have to edit that out and dub something else in. Boobies. Fucking nerds!
"No! No!" Bernadette yelled in mock horror as Raj gripped the seam struggling to hold her dress closed.
With a yank on the material, the front of the dress flew open. Buttons bounced off of Raj's chest and onto the ground. Her milky white mounds were exposed for all to see.
"Look at those fuckers! They're spectacular!" Raj announced.
Holy shit! They're fucking fantastic!Will thought to himself.
Raj roughly grabbed two handfuls of flesh and dove in face first.
"(Gasp!) Oh God! No! Not...not my nipples! They're...they're so...so sensitive! Oh God!" She rose to the balls of her feet when Raj slipped a hand under the hem of her dress. "OH! Oh God! What...what are you doing?! Oh God!"
Raj pulled his face out of her chest. "Look at you. You're soaked!" He looked at Stuart. "She's fucking soaked, dude!" She squirmed while Raj massaged her wet spot.
"I'll bet...I'll bet she can't wait for us to, you know, for us to..." replied hesitantly.
Raj finished his sentence. "To fuck her!" He stared at Bernadette. "Is that it, little girl? You can't wait for us to fuck you?"
Now he's getting into it!Will said to himself.
She shook her head. "No! No! No, that's not true!"Please! Please fuck me!
She gasped when Raj knelt and yanked her dress to the ground. When he stood back up, he pressed down on her shoulders until she slid out of Stuart's arms and onto her knees. Stuart quickly stepped around her until he was standing next to Raj.
The sound of two zippers cut through the night air. Suddenly, there were two huge cocks pointing straight at Bernadette's innocent face.
Holy shit!Will thought when he saw the two large objects fall out of their pants.That's fuckin' impressive!
"Suck it, bitch," Raj hissed.
"Yeah! Suck it, uh, bitch," Stuart chimed in without as much conviction.
Bernadette licked her lips without realizing it. "No. No. Please. I'm not that kind of girl," she said with a hint of a grin.
"I don't give a shit what kind of girl you are, bitch! Just suck it!" Raj barked.
Bernadette looked up at him from her knees. Her eyes sparkled in the dim moonlight. "You mean you want me to suck on these two big, beautiful cocks?" she cooed.
Raj nodded. "Damn right! Bitch!"
"Yeah! What he said!" Stuart chimed in.
Both men shuddered when she reached up and grabbed their shafts with her warm, soft hands.That's fucking awesome! Her little bitty hands make their rods look even bigger!Will thought to himself. Bernadette stroked the two poles and said with a crooked smile, "Well, if I must."
Raj grunted when she took him into her mouth. "Oooooo ya, that's it, baby! Suck it good!"
Her head bobbed and her tongue rolled around the tip while she massaged Stuart's precum onto his thick, alabaster shaft. She alternated between the two prods, giving each equal amounts of oral attention. Their tips slammed against the back of her mouth with each bob.
It wasn't long before, on his turn, Raj gripped her head in his hands and began to thrust his hips. "Take it all, you bitch! I know you can! Take it all!" She knew she could, too. She began to gag with each thrust of Raj's his hips while he held his engorged tip at the entrance to her throat. Suddenly, Raj's head flew back. "Ohmagawwwwwwd! Yes, that's it!"
Holy shit!Will thought to himself when he saw Bernadette's throat take on the shape of Raj's huge stick.I can't wait to collect my payment!He zoomed in on Raj diving in and out of her face and her balls bounced off her chin.
Now Bernadette began to alternate between deep throating Stuart, then Raj, then back again.
As much as he wanted to make this into a full length feature, Will new this was going on the website. He got Raj's attention and rolled his hand, indicating "move on". Raj nodded his head slightly, stepped out of Bernadette's grip, and behind her, where he laid down on the ground. His mighty telescope pointed straight into the sky.
"Okay, bitch, time to climb aboard," he snarled.
Bernadette released Stuart from her mouth with a "pop" and turned to look over her shoulder. "Oh no! You're not going to fuck my tight little pussy with that huge cock, are you?" she feigned.
Raj nodded his head and waved his post. "For starters," he said with a crooked smile.
"Y-y-yeah!" Stuart said, trying to sound tough and failing.
Bernadette raised her hand to her mouth. "Oh my goodness!" Stuart helped her to her feet and she stepped out of her torn, crumpled dress, revealing her powder blue g-string. "Oh, goodness! All I have left on is this tiny little g-string. I certainly hope you're not going to remove it.
Stuart had almost forgotten. "Oh! Uh, um, heck yeah, I am!" He knelt down and took the tiny string on her hip between his teeth. He snarled and twisted his head like a rabid dog until the string finally snapped. It fell off her hip and quickly slid down her legs.
She brought both hands to her mouth. "Oh my goodness! I'm completely naked!"
"And you look fucking awesome!" Stuart observed. Bernadette fought back an "Aren't you sweet" comment and Stuart quickly remembered the task at hand. "Oh! Uh, yeah, right! Um, yeah, get over here, you...you...you, uh, little bitch!" He grabbed her arm and dragged her back until she was standing over Raj straddling him.
"I can see your swollen pussy from down here," Raj said snarkily. "Go ahead, Stuart, check and see how wet she is."
Stuart snapped to attention. "Oh! Right!" He leaned in close to Bernadette and dropped his hand below her waist.
She gasped at his first swat to her enraged clit. "Oh!" She squeaked. She rose onto the balls of her feet when he slipped a digit through her slit. "OH God!" She yelped. Quite unexpectedly, Stuart dove into her chest and sucked a nipple between his lips. "Oh sweet Jesus!" One hand went to the back of his head while the other held his hand in her crotch in place while he slipped his finger in and out.
It wasn't long before Will could see the two were lost in the moment. Once again, he got Raj's attention and gave him the "move it along" hand gesture.
"Hey! Hey, dude! Bring her sloppy cunt down here!" Raj barked. That snapped Stuart and Bernadette out of their lustful haze.
Stuart shot out of her chest. Bernadette sighed when his finger exited her snatch.
"Oh! Uh, yeah, right!" Stuart muttered.
Bernadette grabbed Stuart's wrist and pulled it up, all the while trying to make it look like she was fighting him off. "Oh no! Don't stick your finger in my mouth! Please don't make me suck my juices off your..." Before she finished, she was sucking on his finger like a lollypop. Her lips smacked when his clean finger exited them. "Mmmmmm, that was...that was sonasty," she purred.
"You haven't seen nasty yet. Get your ass down here!" Raj hissed.
Bernadette stood over him and slowly lowered herself down. Raj felt her heat when she was just about to touch him. She paused and looked at him with her fuck-me eyes.
"Are you going to fuck my sloppy little cunt hard with that big, fat cock?" she cooed.
"I'm going to ruin you for every other man," Raj jeered.
"Oh my goodness," she whispered. A chill ran up her spine.
She bit her bottom lip when she first touched his bulbous head. She squeaked when it slipped through her velvety folds. They both moaned while she slid down his pole until she was sitting in his lap.
"Holy mother Mary!" Bernadette cried out. "You're so fucking big! I think you're in my throat!"
Ohmagawd, Ber...Ber...uh, bitch! Your...your pussy is...it's so fucking tight!" He looked up at Stuart. "Dude! It's squeezing me like a vise grip!"
"Oh yeah? Well...well...here! Suck...suck my, uh, cock, you...you fucking slut!" Stuart grabbed her head and pulled her into his groin. She gobbled him up like a starving person at Thanksgiving. He threw his head back. "Ohmagawd! You suck dick like...like a cheap whore!"Don't cum! Don't die! Don't cum!
Bernadette began to bounce in Raj's lap. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!" she hummed around Stuart's meat.
Will watched the three bodies hump, suck, and thrust through the lens for a few minutes before he decided it was time to move along. Stuart snapped out of his lost in lust state when Will finally got his attention. Will made the same hand motion to Stuart as he had done with Raj earlier, but Stuart just looked confused.
Will, totally exasperated, finally peeked out from behind the viewfinder and whispered, "Fuck her! Fuck her!" while pointing at her ass. Jesus! Fucking nerd! I'll bet the camera picked that up, too! Dammit!
You could see the light flip on inside of Stuart. "Oh! Right! Uh, yeah!" Will just shook his head.How the fuck am I going to edit that so he doesn't look like he just got instructions what to do? Fuck!"So, uh, yeah, I'm, uh, I think it's time to, you know..."
His massive wand slipped out of Bernadette's face when she pulled back. She reached up and slowly stroked his veiny flesh. "Oh my goodness! Are you going to fuck me, too, with this big, beautiful cock?" she whirred.
"Uh, yeah! Yeah! That...that's exactly what I'm going to do!" Stuart announced just before he moved behind Bernadette and dropped to his knees between Raj's legs.
The camera could see Bernadette's eyes sparkle in the moonlight. "Oh no! I'm going to have two big, fat cocks fucking my tight little holes? Oh no! Whatever shall I do?" she said with a sly grin into the camera.
Stuart held his weapon steady and waved it at her backside. He stopped and looked over Bernadette's shoulder at Raj. "Hey, yo, Ra...dude! I...I want to, you know, her, uh, well, you know...too!"
"You...you want to what? Just say it!" Raj shouted back.
"Fine! I...I want to, uh, you know, fuck her..her pussy, too! When's it my turn?"
Raj's lip curled. "So what's stopping you?" he said in a wicked tone.
Stuart just looked back at him. "Well, uh, you, dude."
Raj shook his head, still grinning. "No I'm not."
Stuart thought about it. "Oh! You mean you want to...you want to..."
Raj nodded and slowed his thrusts into Bernadette's tiny body. "Mmmmm hmmmm."
Will couldn't restrain himself. "Oh shit! Are you going to dothat?!Oh shit! Hang on! Let me get a good shot of this!" He zoomed in on where the action was about to take place.
Bernadette finally realized something significant was about to take place. "What? What?! What are you going to...oh shit!" She felt Stuart pressing his pole against her soaking slit. "Holy shit! Wait! Oh...oh shit!" Stuart and Raj just smiled at each other when Stuart's swollen tip slipped past her fleshy folds. "Ohmagawd, wait! You're...you're going to split me in two!" Bernadette screeched almost in a panic. Two inches slipped in. Three. Four. "Oh God! Oh God! Ohmagawd!"
Finally, Stuart's entire, massive length was snuggly tucked inside Bernadette's tight little body, right next to Raj's python.
"Holy crap! We're both in!" Stuart said with amazement.
"Holy shit, dude! That's fucking awesome!" Raj answered.
Will's mouth was open. "Un-fucking-believable," he moaned in disbelief. "She did it. She fucking did it. I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. Ho-ly shit."
"Holy Mother of God!" she howled. "I...I've never felt so full! Ohmagawd! You're stretching my pussy apart! Oh fuck!"
Raj grinned into her distorted face. "I told you I was going to wreck your fucking cunt," he said with an evil hiss.
"Holy crap, that's tight!" Stuart loudly observed.
"Now fuck that bitch," Will directed with a menacing tone.
Raj and Stuart both pulled back and thrust forward. "Ohmagawd!" Bernadette howled. After only a few pumps, the mental stimulation of knowing two huge cocks were pummeling her pussy, coupled with the overwhelming physical stimulation, sent Bernadette diving off a cliff. "Oh Heavenly Father holy shit! That's...that's it! Oh God! Don't stop! Ohmagawd! Yes! Yes! Yaaaassssssggggaaaahhhhh!"
Even in the cool night air, Bernadette's body was on fire. Every muscle in her tiny body trembled. She begged the heavens for forgiveness while she commanded the two men to not stop.
"Holy moly! I don't know how much longer I can go!" Stuart wheezed.
"I know, dude!" Raj answered.
Just as her mind started to go blank, the tremors slowed. She pushed back into the two thrusts, but she had another itch that needed to be scratched. She turned her head to look over her shoulder with slit eyes. "Stuart, I swear to God, I'd better have a cock in my ass before this night if over or there's going to be hell to pay! Got it, mister!"
Stuart suddenly forgot he was about to spew. He looked into the camera. "I...I thought no names," he said sadly.
Jesus Christ!Will waved at him with his free hand. "Don't worry about it, I'll dub in some moans or something. Just fuck her ass, will you!"
"Oh! Right! Yeah, sure!"
The pressure splitting Bernadette's slit disappeared when Stuart pulled out and collapsed around Raj's thick pole. Bernadette sighed when Stuart touched his glistening tip to her quivering rosebud. He leaned forward. She grunted when the swollen tip slipped in. He grabbed her hips.
Her back arched and head flew back when his thick mast raced past her sphincter. "Good God Almighty!" she roared.
Stuart paused.Don't cum! Don't die! Don't cum!"Your ass is so tight," he moaned.
"Listen, bub! You'd better fuck it like you just fucked my pussy or, I swear to God..."
"Dude! Just do as she says! Fuck that shit!" Raj implored.
"Right! Right!" Stuart pulled back and threw his hips forward. The sound of skin slapping skin echoed off the trees.
"Lord have mercy!" Bernadette wailed.
Just as the three began to get into a rhythm, there was a rustling in the bushes followed by a, "Hey! Hey, uh, stop that!" The three bodies on the ground froze. He saw Will recording. "Hey! I'll...I'll call the police!"
Will grinned.A plot twist! Everybody loves a plot twist!He looked at the three frozen bodies. "Why'd you stop? He's not calling the fucking cops. C'mon, let's go! We've got a movie to make!" Raj, Stuart, and Bernadette came back to life. Will stepped over to the young man. He was a skinny, freckled 20-something with a mop of red hair and a shocked look on his face. "Look, this isn't what it looks like," Will said calmly while he filmed the action. "We're making a little video for the web here. It's totally innocent. Well, I don't know about innocent. But you know what I mean."
The young man focused on the action, then his jaw dropped. "Holy shit! I know her! That...that's Bad Bernie, isn't it?!"
Damn! This might be bigger than I thought!Will smiled. "Maybe."
"It is! I'd know that face anywhere!" Her long, blonde hair was matted to her flushed face and shiny body. "And...and you're making a video for her website, aren't you?! Holy shit!"
"How'd you like to be a part of it, kid?" Will asked with a crooked grin.
The man's eyebrows nearly flew off his head. "Huh?!"
"How 'bout it, Bernadette? Got room for one more?" Will asked.
Bernadette stared back at Will and the stranger while her body rocked on top of Raj. "Does...does...fuck! Does he...have...Gah! Does he have...a cockmmmmm?"
Will looked at him. "How about it? Do you have a cock?"
The stranger was shocked he was having this conversation. "Well, uh, yeah, sure, I guess."
"You guess?" Will asked with a chuckle.
"Yes! I, uh, do!"
"He says he does, Bernie," Will said still chuckling.
"Then...then bring...bring...Oh God! Bring it...over...here!"
Will pushed the man in the direction of the writhing bodies. "You heard her. Go!"
The man zombie walked over to Bernadette. Bernadette tilted her head back as far as she could to look up at his stunned face. "Come...come on, stuuuuuudmmmm. Let...let's see what...what you've got." He mindlessly unzipped and reached inside his pants. He pulled out a perfectly pedestrian white, freckled penis. The man shuddered when Bernadette reached up and grabbed him with her hot, soft hand. "Mmmmmm. Did...did you bring this...ohmagod! Mmmmmm...just...just for me?" she asked breathlessly.
"Uh, yeah, sure, I gu...GAH!" The young man stopped breathing for a second when her nose buried in his stomach. He looked down at the top of her head, then looked at Stuart's masked face in amazement. "She...she did it! She really did it! She...oh God! She swa-swa-swallowed the whole thing! I...I thought it was, you know, some kind of special effects or something!" He promptly gripped the back of her head and began to give her a proper face fucking.
Stuart nodded. "I know, right?! It's fricking awesome, isn't it?!"
I'm gonna have a lot of over dubbing to doWill thought to himself.
The four bodies proceeded to moan, groan, pump and slurp for several minutes before Bernadette started to hum louder and louder.
"Holy shit, dude! She's gonna cum again!" Raj announced.
"Holy crap! Her butt is squeezing me like crazy!" Stuart replied.
"Ohmagawd! She really is a total slut! This is incredible!" the stranger declared.
Bernadette was blind with lust. It felt like Pasadena's 4thof July fireworks were going off inside her. Every nerve ending was on fire. "Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmggggffffff!" she moaned.
While her body trembled, the strangers thrusts into her face began to stutter. "Oh! Oh God! I...I don't know how much longer I can last!"
"Give it to her, dude! Shoot it down her throat!" Raj demanded from the ground.
Bernadette nodded her head a hummed around his stick. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
The young man closed his eyes and tilted his head back. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh gaaaaaahhhhh!"
Bernadette sucked and swallowed as fast as she could . The taste and feeling of this strangers spunk shooting down the back of her throat only elongated her own orgasm. He drove his hips into her face with hard, deliberate thrusts, until he was spent.
He pulled back from her still rocking head. "That...that was incredible!"
"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! You...you...you were...great!" she complimented him, even though he was barely average.
The young man zipped up while he backed away until he was next to Will. "Can...can...would it be okay if I, you know, stuck around and, uh, watched?"
Will shrugged his shoulders. "Yeah, sure, what the hell."
"Dude! I...I can't take anymore!" Raj declared from underneath Bernadette's bouncing body.
Stuart concurred. "Ohmagawd, me either! I'm about to explode!"
"Oh yeah, you bastards! Do it!" Bernadette barked.
Will waved madly until he got Stuart's attention. He cupped an imaginary breast and then stroked an imaginary penis.
Stuart's face wrinkled up, then it hit him what Will was trying to convey. "Oh! Uh, yeah! Dude, let's...let's, uh, do it on her tits!"
Raj agreed. "Good idea!"
"Oooooo yeah, do it on my tits!" Bernadette said.
As if it was perfectly choreographed, Stuart pulled out of her now gaped hole and pinched off his hose. Bernadette crawled off of Raj onto her knees and Raj leapt to his feet. Raj and Stuart stood on either side of Bernadette and stroked their throbbing muscles hard and fast.
Bernadette cupped and massaged each man's sweaty ball sack and looked up at each one with sexy eyes. "Come on, you bastards. Do you want to cum on my tits? Huh? Do you want to cover my big, fat tits with hot, sticky cum? Do it. Give it to me. Let me see it," she whirred like a phone sex girl while she shook her cumcatchers side to side..
Raj's body tensed. "Dude! Let's glaze this bitch!"
"Oh yeah! Let's do it!"
Raj's body stuttered. "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Here it comes! Here it comes, you little white devil! Yah! Yah! Ggggaaaaaahhhhhh!" A thick, white rope shot out of Raj's caramel colored shotgun. It landed with a splat on her left breast and ran up her chest.
"Oooo yeah, baby! Oooo, yeah!" Bernadette cheered. Another rope shot out and striped across her chest.
Stuart's face contorted. His body tensed even more than usual. "Oh, geez! Oh, geez! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...oh geez, I'm gonna do it! Don't die! Don't die! Oh geeeeeeez!" It was like something like out of an old porn flick. A gush of jizz fired out of Stuart like it'd been shot out of a cannon. It crashed into her cleavage and shot up and over both breasts.
The force knocked Bernadette back. "Oh my God! Yeah, baby, give it to me!"
"Ohmagawd! Look! I'm doing it again!" Stuart shouted with glee as a second and third volley rang out, coating her chest and throat.
Bernadette quickly gripped both men's hoses and pulled them close, taking each one into her mouth and sucking them dry.
"Holy shit! That was awesome!" Raj panted while Bernadette licked the underside of his throbbing hose.
"Yeah it was!" Stuart said with glee just before Raj high-fived him.
Will waved until he got their attention. Run! Run! Get outta here! he whispered.
Raj remembered the plot line. "Oh! Right! Come on, dude, let's get outta here before the cops get here!"
Stuart stopped breathing. "Cops?! The cops are coming?!" he said in a panic. He could see Raj give him a glare even through his black ski mask. "Oh! Right! The cops! Yeah, let's get outta here!"
The two ran off towards the path, still tucking and zipping.
"Hey, you fat cocked bastards! Come back here! I wasn't done with you yet!" Bernadette called after them. She looked back into the camera with a sly grin while she raked her fingers across her chest and scooped the milky white jizz between her lips. "Mmmmmmm," she purred. "I may have to take a walk through the park more often."
"Cut!" Will shouted. Raj and Stuart came back into the clearing. "Great job, guys. Great job, everybody. Bernadette, the camera loves you!"
Her eyes sparkled. Her lips curled into a wicked grin. "Even covered in cum?"
"Especially covered in cum!" the stranger chimed in. The crew had almost forgotten he was there. "Miss, uh, Miss, uh..."
She smiled. "Bernadette."
"Bernadette. Wow," he said dreamily.I'm on a first name basis with Bad Bernie!He forgot the part that she had no idea what his name was. "Bernadette, uh, do you think I, uh, I could get an, uh, autograph?"
She sat there on the cool grass naked with cum dripping off of her gumdrop-sized, erect nipples beaming.He wants my autograph?!"Sure, Sweetie! Do you have a pen and paper?"
"Shit!" He began to pat and rifle through every pocket. "How about you guys?" he asked pleading.
Raj, Stuart, and Will smacked their pockets.
"Oh! Yeah, here," Will said pulling out a pen and small notebook. "I brought it in case I needed to make timeframe notes."
"Sweet! Thank you!" The man snatched it out of Will's hand, walked over to Bernadette, and handed it to her.
She licked her fingers clean before she grabbed the pen and notebook. "How...what do you want me to write?" She'd never had to give an autograph before. She didn't know what to do.
Will piped up. "How about 'thanks for a good time'."
"Oooo! That's good!" she squealed. She held pen to paper. "What's your name, Sweetie?"
"Oh! Uh, Scott."
"Scott, thanks for a good time! Bernie." She held the pad to her lips, puckered, left a glossy imprint on the paper, and handed it back to Scott.
Scott stared at it as if it was the most precious thing he'd ever seen. "Wow," he sighed. "Uh, well, uh, I guess I'll get outta here." He shook the pad at Bernadette. "Uh, thanks for a good time, Bernadette!" And he disappeared into the bushes.
"He was sweet," Bernadette gushed.He just throat fucked you!Will thought to himself. "Well that was fun!"
"You're not done yet," Will grumbled.
Bernadette looked at him from her knees with a confused look. "Huh?"
Will handed the camera to Raj. "Here, grab this. We can add this as a bonus scene on the website. I haven't been paid yet." He walked towards Bernadette with a nasty look on his face while he unzipped his pants.
Bernadette's face brightened. "Oh yeah! Yay!"
Will stopped in front of her wave a very nice wand at her face. He wasn't nearly as large as Raj or Stuart, but not many men were. It was already shiny with precum.
"I expect payment in full," he snarled.
Bernadette looked up at him with sex in her eyes. "How about we get you nice and slick so you can slide your big cock in and out of my throat, hmmm? C'mere, stud, why don't you fuck my big ol' titties, first?"
"Oh yeah, I like the way you think," Will hissed while he slid his manhood into her slick cleavage with Raj recording every moment.
Will groaned when he disappeared between Bernadette's globes. She squeezed them together and started to slowly bounce up and down. "Oh fuuuuuck," he sighed.
She squeezed harder. "Mmmmmm, do you like that, hmmmm? Do you like your big, fat cock between my tits?"
"Ohhhhhh, fuck yeah," he groaned. He stared down at her. "I'll bet you can't wait for me to give you the skull fuck you deserve, can you, you fucking slut?"
"Mmmmmmm, I can't wait to taste this big, fat cock," she whirred while she bounced. She could feel him throb against her chest.
"Then what are we waiting for?" He pulled out of her cleavage, grabbed his slick shaft, and shoved it towards her face.
"Gggggffffkkkkk!" she gagged at the sudden intrusion through her lips and into her throat.
Will grabbed the back of her head and began to fuck her face as if he was fucking a $2 whore.
"I'm gonna stab your fuckin' brain, you fucking cunt," he hissed while his balls bounced off her chin.
"Gggggghhhhhhh," she gagged.
"You like that? You like that, huh? You like having a cock shoved down your fucking throat, cunt?"
Raj and Stuart looked on.Dayyyuuuuummmmm!
"Mmmmmhmmmggggkkkk!"
"I thought so, you fuckin' cunt whore," he jeered. He was already worked up into a lather after watching the three men abuse her body for the past 45 minutes. She felt him throbbing violently in her throat. "Oh yeah! You're gonna make me cum! You're gonna make me cum, you fuckin' slut! I'm gonna bust my nut inside your fuckin' skull! And you're gonna drink every fuckin' bit of it! Got it, bitch?!"
She nodded as best as she could. ""Mmmmmhmmmggggkkkk!"
Will's grip grew tighter on her head. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Oh fuck yeah! Cumming! Cumming! Oh fuck, cumminggggaaahhhh!"
He pulled her tight into his groin. Instead of her head bobbing, he held it there. His balls rested on her chin while his rod was stuffed down her throat. Each pulse of his vein sent a fresh stream of spunk down her throat. Her eyes began to water. She pushed back against his hips to no avail. Her airways were clogged with cock and cum. Her body quickly began to beg for air.
Just as the night started to turn pitch black, the pressure on the back of her head released. She sprang back as if her torso were spring loaded.
Will stepped back and gave an evil chuckle as he tucked himself back in. "Ha ha! That should make a nice little bonus clip."
Bernadette was on her hands and knees coughing and gagging, spitting up white streams. "You...you fucking (cough)(cough) bastard," she choked.
"Ha! I wanted to make sure I got my money's worth!" He grabbed the camera from Raj and shut it off. "You should probably get dressed. We should probably get outta here before the cops really do show up."
"Oh shit! I can't go to jail!" Stuart said in a panic.
Raj was in the same state. "Me, neitha! I would be very popula in jail with my caramel skin and smooth complexion!"
"Jesus Christ! Nobody's goin' to fuckin' jail!" Will scoffed. "Just relax."
"Hmmmmm, I don't think I thought this through," Bernadette said. She was standing there holding what was left of her Goodwill dress. Stuart had snapped her tiny g-string in two. "I can't walk out of here naked."
"You won't be naked. You've still got your shoes on," Stuart observed.
"Shut up, Stuart, you're not helping" she barked. Stuart hung his head in fear and shame. "What about your shirt, Raj?"
"My shirt?! I just bought this! I don't want to get, you know, all over it!" Bernadette glared at him. "Besides, it won't cover your, you know..."
"That's true." Bernadette thought about it. "I guess I'll just have to make the best of it." She threw what was left of her dress over her head and pulled it down. It was torn down the front nearly to the hem. The sticky cum caused it to stick to her body and cling to her curves as if it was painted on. The cheap material became almost immediately translucent. "I guess it'll have to do."
When they got to the parking lot, there was only one other car there besides their own. One could see in the bright moonlight and the eerie glow coming from inside the car, it was clear there someone was in the car. Upon closer inspection, they realized it was Scott from earlier. It was also obvious from his body language and movements what he was doing.
"Hey, Will, I've got an idea. Come over here with me. I've got an idea for another bonus clip possibly." She motioned at Raj and Stuart. "I'll see you guys tomorrow. You were great!"
"Gee, thanks," Stuart said, almost embarrassed at the compliment.
"You were great, as well!" Raj said earnestly.
Will and Bernadette walked towards the car. Scott was too occupied with satisfying himself to notice.
"Okay, turn it on," Bernadette whispered, nodding at the camera. Will lifted the camera to his shoulder.
Scott's head was tilted back and his eyes were closed. He nearly came unglued at the knock on his window. He immediately tried to cover himself, then rolled down the window. He was relieved it wasn't a cop tapping on his door, and thoroughly embarrassed that it was Bernadette. Then he realized there was a camera just behind her, only increasing his embarrassment.
Scott slowly rolled down the window. "Oh, uh, hey, Bernadette. What...what, uh, are you doing here?" he asked, trying to be nonchalant.
"We were just leaving and saw you over here." She gave him a crooked smile. "So, whatcha doin'?"
"Oh, uh, nothin'. Nothing at all," he said nervously, making sure he was completely covered.
Bernadette's eyes twinkled. "Uh huh. Whatcha hiding there?" she asked, nodding at his groin.
"Oh! Uh, nothing."Shit!
"Nothing, huh?" She slowly reached into the car and pulled his hand away, which revealed his shiny mast at full sail. "Hmmmmm, it doesn't look like nothin'," she said grinning.
"I...I..."
"It's okay, Sweetie. Were you thinking of me? Is that it? It's okay if you were."
"Well, I, uh, actually..." He rolled his phone over. He had her website pulled up.
"Well, aren't you the sweetest thing," she cooed. Scott gasped when she gently grabbed his stiff, slick pole. "Would you like some help with this, Sweetie?"
"Uh...uh...yeah...uh, sure," he stuttered. "Oh gawwwwwwwwd," he moaned.
"Roll down the other window, Sweetie." She nodded at Will. "Why don't you go over there?" Will quickly scampered around the back of the car while Scott lowered the window.
She could feel him throb in her hand. This won't take long. "Does that feel good, Sweetie? Do you like me stroking your big, fat cock? Huh? Do you like that?" she whispered.
"Oh yeah! Oh God yeah," he groaned.
"Did you like me sucking your cock earlier? Hmmm? Did you like throat fucking me with this great, big cock of yours?"
"Oh...oh yeah," he stuttered under his breath with his eyes closed.
"I loved it when you came in my mouth. It tasted so yummy. I wanted some more. Mmmmmm," she said breathily. His body tensed. His hands balled into fists. "Do you want to cum now, Scott? Hmmm? You want to give me some more of that hot cum?"
"Oh yeah! Oh yeah!" His hips started to buck into her hand.
"Come on, Scott. Give it to me. I wanna see you cum. Come on baby, give it to me," she purred.
Scott clenched his jaw and tilted his head back. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Here it comes! Here it comes! Oh gaaaaaahhhhh!"
The first gob rose up into the air a few inches, then came down and splashed across her wrist. She jerked him hard and fast. More of the sticky, white goo oozed out of the tip and ran down across her fingers. Once the flow stopped, she gripped him tight and gave him several more long, slow strokes, coaxing every last drop out of him.
When she finally released him, he grunted and slumped in his seat. With groggy eyes, he opened them just in time to see her licking his spunk off the back of her hand with a wicked smile and bedroom eyes.
"Mmmmmmm, yummy," she sighed.
"Holy shit," he quietly panted. He looked up at her with dreamy eyes. "You're amazing."
She pulled her fingers from between her lips and smiled. "Thanks, Sweetie!" She winked at him. "You're not so bad yourself." She stood up straight, tugged on her sticky dress, and turned to walk away. "G'night, Scott. Sweet dreams."
"Hey, uh, Bernadette..." She stopped. "Will you...do you...would you...ummm, can I call you sometime?"
She gave him a sweet smile. "Awwwww, that's sweet." She paused for effect. "But I don't think my husband would approve." Scott's jaw dropped. She giggled, blew him a kiss, and walked away.
Scott turned to Will, who had a smile from ear to ear. "Husband? Are you fucking kidding me? She's married? Are you her husband? One of the other guys?"
"Ha!" Will laughed. "Hell no! We just fuck her." Will walked away laughing as Scott's head exploded.
That should make a good bonus clip, huh?" Bernadette asked Will as they walked across the parking lot to their cars.
Will chuckled. "Oh-ho-ho, yeah, I think so."
"You know, I have an idea. Do a promotion on the website, like a bid. 'Get a blow job from Bernie'. What do you think?"
Will chuckled again. "I think you might crash the server if you did that."
Proceed to "Penny's Web 4 - The Start" for the next episode!