Captain Dr. Philip Eames, and Me
Michelle's husband dies in Iraq. His best friend dates her.
**
How many times do you meet the love of your life, the perfect man, the perfect husband? Once, would be my guess, and that's only if you're lucky. Thorsten was sent to me from the angels in heaven, of that I was sure. Yes, he was good looking, and that's always nice. Yes, he was smart as the dickens, and that always nice, too. Yes, he loved me to an extraordinary degree, and for me, that's essential.
We fell in love while in college, and I worked full time while going to graduate school myself, to put him through medical school. We postponed having children until we could have enough time to breathe, let alone take care of kids. When it came to sex, though, Thor was perfection itself. I hadn't known it before I met Thor, that fateful day in college, but I needed a man truly to take charge, to toss me about, to fuck me to his heart's content, to brutally use me. I loved it when Thor did that. I didn't just love it: I needed it. I even craved it.
How our lives turned to shit overnight happened suddenly. Thor's best friend from kindergarten through college, Gary, died in Iraq. The surgeon operating on Gary, out in the field, had botched a fairly routine lifesaving operation.
Shit happens. Doctors are operating under duress. Conditions are suboptimal at best. Thor and I knew it all, and we had heard it all before, it was a fact of life, but Thor fell apart. He had just finished his residency, and he enlisted. Off he went to the Middle East, fulfilling his patriotic duty. I waited for him, and got my PhD in Comparative Literature, while he was saving lives overseas.
He came home in a box. The details are sketchy, but he had been sent to the front to try to save a soldier who could not be moved. I don't even know if he saved the soldier, or not. What I do know is that nobody saved Thor. Some wounds are rather quickly fatal, and there's nothing one can do. Life is like that, sometimes.
I fell apart. I circled the drain for around six months before, with a lot of help from friends, therapists, and especially some fabulous serotonin uptake meds, I finally resurfaced, and screwing my courage to the sticking place, I faced the world. I had interviewed for jobs just before Thor died, and I was due to start teaching, out in Indiana, in the fall. I was just barely well enough to start my job.
I moved to Indiana. Indiana is quite a bit different from New York. People smile at each other, and for no reason at all. The smiles are meaningless, too. They smile at you, and then stab you in the back. They're nice on the street, and aggressive in their cars. Of course, there are precious few people on the street. In New York, who you are is defined by your coat. In Indiana, it's defined by your car. An old Subaru just doesn't cut it, unless you live in Lafayette, home to the Subaru factory. My job wasn't in Lafayette. Then there's hair style. I could not wrap my head around how some women, hell, most, wore their hair. Did they actually think that was attractive? Finally, there was food. Chinese food was foreign food. So was Italian. Middle Eastern food? Fuhgeddaboudit.
I had to make some adjustments. Except for the hair styles, I made them. I traded in my Subaru for a Ford F-150. I even bought a gun, just one without bullets. You know, to fit in? I went to Don's Guns over in Indy (why pay less?). I bought myself a 38-caliber single action revolver, which I was assured was a sexy "ladies' gun." The "sexy" part was essential. Why else would I want one, if not for the sexy part? Don Davis died in 2016, but he was an institution in Indiana. I learned these things so easily, it was frightening. Don Davis was named among the top five dealers who sell guns to criminals by the Federal Department of Justice. He was ranked at #4. Luckily for me, he also sold guns to people who were not criminals.
**
I began teaching. I was good at it, and the students loved me, and I loved them. I slowly, ever so slowly, began to heal. After around a year I was able to go through Thor's effects, that had come home, along with his body. There was one envelope I was afraid of. It was marked "Personal. Do NOT Open. PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL." I had always known Thor would make a good doctor, because his handwriting was only borderline legible. I giggled, as I deciphered it.
I smoked some weed, got a good bottle of a nice, full bodied Cotes du Rhone French red wine, I put a Xanax in a dish next to me, and I sat at my dining table, and stared at the envelope. I had a glass of wine, and stared some more. Next to me I had one of Thor's love letters. I had read it around a hundred times already, but I kept it there at hand, just in case I needed it. Finally, in a brief, fleeting, burst of courage, I opened the envelope for the first time. I was holding my breath. I saw what was in it.
I burst into laughter. Every picture Thor had ever taken of me, they were all there. There were sweet pictures, for example of me laughing in the park near his medical school, a picture of me when I came to pick him up after his first solo surgery, and many others at various meaningful times. I began to cry.
There were other pictures, too, however, and they were soiled and dogeared, from frequent use. Those were the risqué pictures. In one I was dressed, but you could see some side boob through my halter top; in a second my nipples were poking dramatically at my sweater top; and in a third I was dressed in Thor's favorite outfit of mine, which was a tight, clinging dress that showed off my hourglass figure. I was wearing it without a bra, and only a blind man would not have been able to discern that fact.
Then there were the pictures I knew he must have treasured. They weren't risqué, they were more like pornographic. In the first one, there I was, topless, and smiling. In another I was stark naked, with my artistically trimmed bush on full display, and in a third, I was sprawled on my bed, legs open, with everything on display, and a silly grin on my face, although I highly doubt Thor wasted a lot of time looking at my face in that particular picture! Those were the soft porn pictures. After them came the hard-core pictures.
There was one disturbing note, though. Behind the pictures of me, were pictures of another woman. She too was naked in some of her pictures. Those pictures, too, were worn with use. There were lots of possible explanations. One was that the men shared nasty pictures of their wives and girlfriends. I figured that probably happened a lot with men starved for female affection in faraway war zones. Naked, real women, whom your war buddies would talk about, had to be sexier than porn actresses on the Internet.
Maybe Thor had borrowed some pictures from a friend? Had he jerked off to pictures of this other little slut of a sexpot? I got jealous, and angry. Then I thought, hell, the man was in a war zone, trying to save soldiers' lives. Give him a break! I decided to forgive him, posthumously.
My next thought was, if he had these pictures of some other naked sexpot, did that mean he had lent the pictures of me to a friend? I shuddered at the thought! I just sat there, staring at the pictures of this woman. Four glasses of wine later I l chanced to look at the background of the pictures. Those taken outdoors (when the woman had her clothes on) were taken in a dessert. In one picture, she was in uniform. The other woman had been an army nurse! Did my sweet husband, my patriot who went to Iraq to save lives, the man whom I had sweated and toiled to put through medical school, had he enjoyed the bed of another woman, half a world away, off in the middle east?
Did it matter? He was dead. I could ask his best friend over there, a man named Captain Eames, but would he tell me the truth? He wouldn't want to hurt me, probably. He'd think, what did it matter now, anyway? It mattered, though. It mattered to me. I called my brother.
Facial recognition technology has become quite remarkable. Two days later my brother, who works for a government agency I shall not name, gave me the name, rank, and serial number of the bimbo slut inside of whom my beloved Thor had been wetting his dick, over in Iraq. I'll bet she was a screamer, too. Thor loved when he made me scream, sometimes from fear, sometimes from extreme pleasure, but usually from a mixture of the two. Thor's sexpot bimbo slut nurse had left the service, and she was now supporting herself as a surgical nurse at a hospital in New York City. I booked a ticket for my next vacation. I brought some of the pictures with me.
At least Thor had good taste. I rang her bell. She wasn't surprised to see me, I had let her know I was coming to see her, and when she did in fact see me, she burst into tears. The woman he had fucked over in that wasteland of a desert was totally gorgeous. I kind of knew that from the pictures, but seeing her in person drove it home like an icepick through my heart.
We went to dinner at Carmine's, an old Italian institution on the Upper West Side. We had so much food we took some of it home to her place. We spent five hours drinking and talking about Thor and how wonderful he was. In the end, I couldn't hate her, and we actually became friends. Thor had consistent taste in women, and Sarah and I were a lot alike. Sarah was salt of the earth. I felt a little guilt for havinga priorihated her.
Around 2AM, when I bid my tearful goodbyes to Sarah, she asked me if the good Captain Dr. Philip Eames had contacted me? He was now back from Iraq, too. I said no, he hadn't. Could she give him my number or email or Facebook or something? I told her yes. She smiled.
There was something in her smile. I took a risk and asked. "Sarah, were you and Dr. Eames intimate, too? I mean did you, uh, with him, as well as with Thor?"
Sarah seemed surprised I had asked. "You're just as quick as Thor had always said," she replied.
"Thor talked about me to you?" I asked.
"Only constantly. I always felt he pretended I was you when we, uh, you know. I didn't mind. You had to be there, Michelle. Nothing made sense. Only the dead and the dying were real, and they were all around us. It was a time-out-of-time, you know?"
Sarah had to work the next day. I busied myself with a museum or two, and did some clothes shopping. I met Sarah for dinner, and she surprised me when she brought the good Captain Dr. Philip Eames with her. I had thought their affair was over. After all, Sarah had dumped Philip in favor of Thor. It turned out it was indeed over, sort of. There was definitely a little sexual tension between Sarah and the Captain. Sarah explained, though, that she had simply thought I would enjoy meeting Thor's best friend over in Iraq. She was right.
The three of us talked practically the entire night, until Sarah kicked us out, because she had to sleep. She had the swing shift the next day, and when one is a surgical nurse, one needs one's sleep in order to be sharp at all times. Philip took me back to my hotel, which was a 'cheap' hotel down in Greenwich Village. (There is no such thing as a cheap hotel in Manhattan; the best one can do is a less expensive hotel!)
He tried to give me a kiss at my door. "It's too soon, Philip," I said, and he nodded. He looked crestfallen. I flashed on the wonderful Sarah, and I remembered how she had served as a stand-in for me, as Thor had fucked her to smithereens, and I said, "On second thought..."
I counted, as I lay in bed, once Philip had finally finished kissing me at the door to my hotel room. I didn't count the number of times he had kissed me, which was a lot. We must have kissed for fifteen minutes, or probably more. It was easy to do, since Philip gives magically wonderful kisses. No, I didn't count the kisses I had exchanged with Philip, rather I counted the number of men I had kissed in my life.
There was that kissing game in tenth grade, when I kissed two boys. In eleventh and twelfth grades I had kissed four more boys. That was six, for high school. In college, of course, I had done a lot more than kiss. So, it turned out I had not kissed that many college men, because kissing often led to sex, and besides the inevitable sexual mistakes, I had only had two serious boyfriends in college, before I met Thor. Then it was Thor and only Thor, and the two of us kissed a lot. We had sex a lot, too. The man was oversexed, and I was only too happy to oblige his near constant sexual urges, no matter how strange they were.
That meant, in total, five men kissed me in college, and six in high school, for a total of eleven men. Philip was the twelfth man I had ever kissed in my life. Philip could really kiss, too. I realized, as I lay in bed, that I had become seriously aroused by Philip's kisses. These were my first sexual urges since Thor had come home in a box. I hadn't had sex in almost three years, I realized. The last time had been the night before Thor had left for Iraq. That had been quite a memorable time, too!
I had one more night in New York, and I agreed to go on a date with Philip. My stomach was in knots the entire day, worrying about what might happen at the end of the date. The date itself was quite pleasant, and at dinner I pumped Philip constantly for stories of Thor when he was in Iraq.
"Thor had the God complex, you know?" Philip said.
I nodded; I knew he was like that. He thought he could save anyone.
"He had the talent of God, too, or so it seemed. He always knew instinctively just what to do, and he'd order everyone around as if he were a drill sergeant. His hands had the gift of life. It was damn good theater watching him in action. All the nurses were in love with him, even the male nurses," Philip said.
I raised an eyebrow.
"No, Thor wasn't bisexual. I didn't mean love that way, I meant admiration," Philip clarified. I smiled. "He was just a damn good surgeon. The best one of the entire unit. Until he wasn't."
"What happened?"
"One soldier came in and Thor treated his bullet wound. He had to amputate his leg. He was so focused on the wound, and the skill needed for an amputation, that he completely missed the cancer. He might have saved his life if he had realized that the poor soldier had cancer. But he didn't; he just missed it. In the field, we're not just surgeons. We have to be generalists, too. We need to make the diagnosis and treat the wounds, both. We had four wounded that day. It was triage, and Thor was under tremendous pressure. Missing the cancer was completely understandable," Philip said.
"He fell apart, didn't he?" I stated, more than asked.
"Yes. That's when he started volunteering for riskier and riskier missions. I couldn't decide whether he was trying to save the world in compensation for his mistake, or if he had a death wish," Philip said.
"He was trying to save the world," I said. I knew Thor.
"Yeah, maybe. He got his death wish, though," Philip said. We were both silent for a long time. When the desserts came, Philip picked up the conversation, again.
"Thor was sure popular. He shared, too. We all got to see wonderful pictures of you. It really cheered us up," Philip said.
I sat up straight. "Pictures? Thor passed around pictures of me?"
"Oh, Michelle. I'm afraid the entire unit saw compromising pictures of you, and probably every guy there has jerked off while gazing into your baby blue eyes, wishing he was, well, you know..." Philip said. I had suspected this, but nevertheless was horrified to learn it actually did happen.
"You too, I imagine?" I asked, trying to hide my dismay at having such intimate pictures of me passed around for a bunch of men to enjoy. I saw Philip blush for the first time.
"You really are quite beautiful, you know," Philip said. "And sexy. Especially when you're naked. Your breasts are..."
"That's enough," I said. I was losing it.
"Okay, but you can't deny you're every man's wet dream, Michelle."
"Even when I'm properly clothed, like tonight?" I teased. I'm sure my eyes were sparkling, even as I was dying inside.
"Well, maybe we can fix that later, after I take you to your hotel," Philip said, with a twinkle in his eye. I said nothing, and devoted all my attention, like a green laser, to my dessert. So many emotions were swirling around in my head that I couldn't have formed a coherent thought to save my life.
I really loved the way Philip kissed me. I was horny, too. The last time I was kissed, and the last time I had made love, both, was the night before Thor left. It had now been close to three years. I was a sitting duck for a man with Philip's talents. Philip and I had discussed Thor all night, and when Philip spread my legs and entered me that fateful night, it was as if he were my beloved Thor, back from the dead, making passionate love to me. It was beautiful. Philip had been tender and loving, as if he knew how fragile I actually was.
"Did you climax?" Philip asked, as we lay together in my hotel bed.
"No, but it was really nice. You sure did, though! You have healthy balls. That was a lot of jism. Have you been saving it up, or something?" I replied. I was leaking his cum all over the place.
"Thor said you like rough sex, too," Philip said.
I was appalled Thor had not only circulated those pictures, but discussed my sexual preferences and peccadillos with his friend. Your true love is not supposed to do things like that! I was horribly embarrassed.
"Let's keep Thor out of the bedroom. I just had sex with a man named Philip Eames. Thor is dead and buried," I said, repeating the near constant refrain from my therapist out in Indiana.
Suddenly Philip became like a man possessed. He kissed me hard, and he threw me over, onto my stomach, forcing my ass into the air. He began to play with my anus using his fingers of one hand, while he finger-fucked me, fast and hard, in my pussy with his other hand. I began to moan. They were my first moans in almost three years.
Suddenly I felt Philip's cock push brutally into my cunt, shoving it in balls deep. He began fucking me so hard his thrusts moved me up the bed, until my head hit the bed board, not once, not twice, but over and over again. All the time while he ravished me with force and fury, his fingers were fucking my asshole at the same time. My moans were really loud, and then it came: My first climax, my first orgasm, in nearly three years. Had I been more religious I would have blushed to have heard the words coming out of my filthy mouth at the time. Then I climaxed a second time. I was on the verge of a record-breaking third climax when Philip finally lost it, and dumped a second mega loud of spunk deep inside me. Wow.
I fell onto my stomach, satisfied and exhausted. I had only once before experienced raw sex like that. Philip lay on top of me, his cock still wondrously embedded in my love canal. He also still had one finger resting inside my ass. From time to time he would wiggle it inside my ass, and I'd give a small giggle.
Philip told me years later it was those giggles when he would wiggle his finger inside my ass, and my two mega climaxes, plus of course my good looks and my sweet nature (yeah, right) that stole his heart that night. My heart, on the other hand, was right where it always was, and all I could relate to was that I had cheated on Thor.
Philip knew something was up, that we had crossed some line, some kind of Rubicon river neither of us had known was there. In my mind, I was still wed to Thor and cheating on him. Given the fabulous sex we had, it was remarkable how poor our relation had become when I left to go back home to Indiana. Our tones of voice were hostile, and neither of us wanted ever to see the other again. We had enjoyed a whirlwind romance gone bad.
**
"You can't cheat on the dead," my therapist had told me when I returned to Indiana and recounted the whole sordid, but wonderful, but horrible, serendipitous liaison with "the good" Captain Dr. Philip Eames.
"You can cheat on the memory of the dead," I rejoined. My therapist had his hands full with me. He earned his money. He was my second therapist. My first one had told me, at our second session, that he knew what my problem was, and he knew how to fix it. Needless to say, I was just a tad dubious. He told me, anyway: "Michelle, you need to let Jesus into your life." If Jesus could have fucked like Dr. Philip Eames, I might well have followed his advice.
"I already have let Jesus into my life," I said, and I took out my single action revolver. "I've named my gun Jesus. Isn't it a lovely weapon?"
My second therapist was better. Now I was back in a small college town in Indiana, and all alone. I had a made a good friend, Annie, and she was my confidant. Annie taught English, French, Spanish, and Russian in the local high school. I told her all about Philip, of course. She suggested I meet someone local.
"Like who?" I asked.
"Hasn't your colleague, Brian something, asked you out every weekend since he met you?" Annie said.
"Brian Stevenson. Well, yes. Yes, he has. He's very persistent, but it's kind of like a joke," I said. "He doesn't mean it."
"Why don't you call his bluff?" Annie suggested.
"You mean, say yes, and go out with him? He's a colleague!" I said. "No way."
"It's not illegal. It's not even unethical. It's more like, kind of natural," Annie said. Then she added, having Googled him, "Oh! I've seen him around. He's kind of dishy, you know?"
"He is? Well maybe, I never noticed, but now that you mention it..." I said.
"Rumor has it that a big nose means a big cock, you know," Annie said.
"My word, Annie! Shut your mouth!" I said, giggling. Brian has a rather prominent nose.
I did it. Brian saw me at the department Nespresso machine, and he asked me out for Friday night. He did this every week. I always politely turned him down, usually with a playful, nervous giggle. This time was different.
"I'd love to go out with you this Friday, Brian," I said.
Brian was stunned. He was, literally, stunned. For the first time in his life, in all probability, he was speechless. I didn't need to give him smelling salts. He recovered. Brian loved to talk.
"Oh, oh! Well, that's great! Wonderful! Pick you up at six, then?" Brian said, as I was suppressing a huge giggling fit at his flummoxed surprise.
"Sounds good," I said, giving him my best smile.
"Uh, Michelle?" Brian said, quietly and nervously.
"Yes?" I replied.
"Where do you live?" he asked.
I couldn't help it, I broke down giggling. I did, however, manage to get out my address, between giggly apologies for my giggling behavior.
"No need to apologize, Michelle. Your giggling is fetching," Brian said.
**
"Where's he going to take you for dinner?" Annie asked, during our heavy-duty conversation about my forthcoming date.
"He didn't say," I replied.
"Well, there's not much choice in this pathetic small town. Maybe he'll take you to Indy. Maybe even to the Broad Ripple part of Indy?" Annie suggested. "In town there's really not much. Maybe The Antlers?"
"Be still my heart," I said. Steak and venison were not my cups of tea. They also had overcooked salmon. Everyone in town had overcooked salmon. Overcooked salmon was like a disease.
"Yeah, really. Well, it's complicated. You don't want to be overdressed for The Antlers, or underdressed for a nice place over in Indy," Annie said. She wasn't helping. "Overdressed is always better than underdressed, however," Annie continued, speaking the wisdom that absolutely every woman knows.
"What I'm really bothered by, Annie, is how sexy do I dress? I mean, is this really a date? Or just two colleagues going to dinner?" I wondered aloud.
"It's a date, you moron. He's going to want some bedroom activities. Are you going to give it to him?" Annie said.
"Annie! It's our first date!" I exclaimed.
"Who are you? What are you? You're not in high school, Michelle, you're a widow, you're a PhD, and you're what, twenty-eight years old? If you let him pay for dinner, and you will, then he gets to fuck your brains out, got it?" Annie said.
"Really? Are you serious? Is that how the world works now?" I asked.
"Have you been a nun these past three years? Yes, it's Standard Operating Procedure. It's time to leave the convent, and to make sure you can still spread your legs, woman," Annie said.
"They spread just fine, thank you," I said, as I remembered my wild time with Captain Dr. Philip Eames, back in New York, not so many weeks ago.
Annie was quick. She knew by the look in my eyes. "Spill, Michelle. What wicked things have you been up to?"
I told her the essentials, properly sanitized. There were some whistles and a 'you go, girl!' or two. "Why aren't you going after this Dr. Eames? He seems perfect!"
"First of all, Dr. Eames was just using me for sex, to fulfill his long-time fantasy of fucking Thor's hot wife," I said.
"Which he did, in spades, right?" Annie said. "Judging by the faraway look in your eyes, he did a damn good job of fucking Thor's hot wife, too? Am I right?"
I blushed and looked at my feet.
"Second," I said, "Philip's in New York, and I'm out here in Indiana."
"Easily solved. That's why God in Her wisdom gave us airplanes," Annie said.
"Third, he's never even called. No email, no Facebook, no nothing. He just fucked me silly, I came home, and that's it. He got his rocks off inside the woman whose pictures he beat off to, in Iraq, and then he just threw me away, like yesterday's garbage," I said, unable to hide my bitterness.
"Pictures?" Annie said. She was just too f**king smart! Annie noticed everything, every little detail. "What pictures?"
"Oh, well, you know. Thor had some pictures of me he passed around, apparently," I said, trying to make it sound all casual, you know?
"Thosekinds of pictures?" Annie asked.
"Uh-huh," I confirmed.
"R, X, XX, or XXX?" Annie asked.
"All of the above, I guess, plus a couple of PG thrown in for, I don't know, the Mormon soldiers? Some of the pictures were pretty raunchy. Thor and I once had a threesome, you see, and, well..."
"You did? You dog, you! Two men, or two women?" Annie asked.
"Let's drop this, okay? I still have to dress for dinner," I said.
"Just tell me about the threesome! Two men, or two women?" Annie would not let it go.
"Two men, okay? You know how kinky one can be in graduate school, right? Now, how about this outfit?" I asked, putting the clothes on the bed.
"And there's a picture of your threesome?" Annie persisted.
"Quite a few of them." To forestall the inevitable inquisition, I said, "And in all the poses. Thor had a complicated camera arrangement, and he got pictures of me doing all sorts of things, including being spit-roasted. That particular picture was a favorite, inferring from how dirty and thumbed it was. I think Thor, or somebody, actually ejaculated onto it," I said, trying to get it all out at once, and blushing furiously.
"I am sooo jealous!" Annie said. Meanwhile, I was holding up an outfit for dinner. "No, never wear that outfit on a date! Unless, of course, you're dating a priest," Annie said. "You've been in the convent much too long. God, you had a threesome! I have to get out more."
By the time Annie was through with me, I was wearing a total 'Come fuck me' outfit. I looked in the mirror. "This is too much. I don't have to seduce him. He's been ready to fuck me since the semester began," I said.
"Of course, you don't have to seduce him. Your task is different. Your task is to make every other man in the restaurant jealous of him. Brian will love that!" Annie said. "All men love that."
"They do?" I said.
**
Brian was right on time. He let out a whistle. "Oh Michelle, you look spectacular!" were his first words. He took me to The Antlers. I felt horribly overdressed, which made me feel like a much too sexy job candidate. Annie was right, however, every other man there salivated when they saw me. I don't know what effect it had on Brian, but it made me feel -- temporarily, you understand -- like a sex goddess!
Brian took me home and he asked -- at the door to my small house -- if he could kiss me. The old gossip, Mrs. Andersen across the street, was watching.
"You can kiss me, but inside, okay?" I said.
Brian got a big smile. We went inside and kissed, and we kissed, and we kissed some more. We kissed even more, and Brian began to undress me. I let him remove my dress, and then got cold feet. "How about a drink?" I suggested. I was in a bra and panties, matching of course, both black lace and fairly revealing, too.
"In a minute, sure," Brian said, as he kissed me yet again, unhooking my bra. My boobs spilled out, and then I wiggled off to the kitchen, in only my panties, my big boobs bouncing as I walked, and I thought Brian would cream in his pants, just at the sight of me like that, but happily, he didn't. Good for him. I brought Brian back a Bourbon, and for myself a glass of Drambuie, a drink Annie likes to call, "The Woman's Scotch."
It took Brian another fifteen minutes to get my panties off. The man is a slow worker. I think he was worried that at any moment I was going to freak out and stop him. In all honesty, such thoughts were constantly in my mind, but channeling Annie, I overruled them. Brian had paid for dinner. (Yes, my salmon was thoroughly overcooked.) According to Annie, that meant he got to, he got to, he got to, well, if I can't even think-speak the word, how can I actually do it?
Quite easily, as it turned out. Fucking comes easily, and naturally, to me. Brian fucked me right on my couch. He was good, and I enjoyed it, but he was no Philip, and he most certainly was no Thor. What he was, was sweet. He was a sweet man, and he fucked me like you'd imagine a sweet man would fuck a girl. Rough sex with Brian was unimaginable. But I didn't care: I made love with him and it was truly pleasant. He had a nice cock, too. Maybe it was due to his nose? Annie had deep Hoosier wisdom.
Who am I kidding? Of course, I cared! I needed passion, I needed to be thrown about, fucked mercilessly, tied up, spanked, blindfolded, anal, the whole nine yards! That's what I needed, not some sweet romantic nice little fuck between colleagues. That's my problem, however, not Brian's, and I think I hid it well. Anyway, the point is, Brian was thrilled. He had finally laid his sex goddess. Good for him.
Brian spent the night. I got another nice fuck in the morning, really quite pleasant actually, and a great way to start the day. We had breakfast nude. Then I sucked him off under the table while he ate his scrambled eggs. About the only thing I didn't do was swallow his spunk. I was on a diet, and spunk is fattening. Did you know that?
I would have swallowed Thor's spunk, for sure. Had I not, he would have made me blow him a second time just to watch me swallow. Had I refused, he would have tied me up and whipped me. That would have been fun! Enough of these thoughts! I'm with Brian now. Each man has his own style, and Brian's style is sweet. Even his jism tasted a little sweet. The man is sweetness incarnate. I felt like asking someone to fucking pass the salt.
I think I drained poor Brian dry. I then carefully explained that when we were both at work, we had to agree that none of this had happened. If he slapped my ass, or even looked at me funny, you know how, then it was over between us. If he bragged to anyone, anyone at all, that he had laid me, he was toast. This was top secret. Not the kind of top secret you read about in the Washington Post the next day; no, this was serious, real top secret! Brian could tell from my eyes that I meant it, too.
Brian and I had a standing date every Friday night, and he would spend the night, fucking me in the morning, too. It was kind of nice, you know? I was finally not so horny all the time. One time Brian even got imaginative and took me to dinner in a truly nice restaurant, over in Indianapolis. He booked us into a fancy hotel room, too. We fucked a lot. That night he ate me out for the first time. I suspect it might have been his first time ever! Even if it was his first time, the man had some natural talent, and it was wonderful. He finally gave me a nice climax, one that I didn't have to fake. Things were looking up!
At one point he took me down to the hot tub of the hotel. Nobody was about, so he talked me into going topless, too. It wasn't hard to talk me into doing it. Right then, I was kind of into pleasing Brian, due to my tendency to enjoy submission. And besides, like every girl, I had a bit of the exhibitionist coded into my DNA. Maybe a bit too much was coded in? Call it a coding error. My boobs were floating in the water. Anyone could have walked in, at any time, and seen us, but nobody did. I surprised myself a little, by being disappointed nobody discovered us.
Had Brian been Thor, he would have rendered me naked and then fucked me in the hot tub; yes, that was exactly the kind of thing Thor would have done. Brian was not Thor, however. He was Brian, and all he did was worry for both of us that we'd be discovered. It kind of put a damper on the Eros, you know? However, it was also kind of cute to watch him get off on my sexy exposure, while worrying himself to death. What a combination! Later, he went on and on at how sexy it was for me to have been topless in the hotel's hot tub. I thought it was kind of cute, even if I would have loved to have fucked him in that hot tub. Well, the relationship is young. One step at a time, right?
I had to give a full report to Annie. She listened patiently and she asked all the right questions to keep me talking. From her questions, and my answers, Annie got the big picture, even before I did. She summed it all up by saying, "You and I are going to New York this weekend." Annie is a force of nature, and if she says we're going to New York, then that's what we were doing. I had no say in the matter, and I knew it.
We went. Sarah met us at LaGuardia airport, and she took us directly to see Philip.
"Does Philip know we're coming?" I nervously asked. I hadn't seen nor heard from him since our wild time in that Greenwich Village hotel. I couldn't help it: In spite of his nasty treatment, fucking me silly and then acting as if I no longer existed, I had a soft spot for the man. He had made me feel alive for the first time since Thor had died. Brian, in contrast, kind of made me feel alive, but also anesthetized.
"Yes," was all Sarah said.
Philip didn't know what had hit him! Annie and Sarah lit into him, chastising him all the way to California and back for the way he had treated me, and I just sat in the corner, giggling softly, while Annie and Sarah destroyed him. He never had a chance.
After around forty minutes, Philip was able to get a word in. "I just finally got the offer from St. Mary's Hospital in Indianapolis. I'll be one of their primary surgeons."
The room fell silent. We were, all three of us, stunned. Philip had a great gig at one of the best hospitals in New York; hell, it was one of the best hospitals in the country! It made no sense -- no sense at all -- to throw that away for a middling Catholic hospital in Indianapolis! It would be a major step down for his career. Why was he doing such a foolhardy thing? Suddenly it dawned on all three of us at the same time. There could only be one reason, and we all knew who that reason was, too. She was wearing my clothes.
Finally, Annie spoke. "Indiana is not New York. A Big Time Surgeon in Indie needs a wife. And not just any wife, but a pretty, sexy wife. Maybe one with big boobs? (I blushed!) That's the way it's done out there," she said. Annie is a native Hoosier.
"You tell him, babe," Sarah said. "You don't need a mistress in Indiana; you need a wife. Who wants to be his wife? There's three of us here. I volunteer! How about you, Annie?"
"No, thanks," Annie said. "I like Philip, but he's not my type. Anyway, my boobs are too small to be a big time surgeon's wife."
Everyone turned and looked at me. I smiled. "What doyouwant, Philip?" I asked.
Philip smiled. "I don't know. Sarah and I go way back, and ..." and he ducked as Annie playfully threw her cup at him. Maybe it wasn't so playful, actually, as it hit the wall and crashed into a thousand shards.
"Philip and I are friends with benefits. Can I keep the benefits after you two are married, Michelle?" Sarah asked.
"You mean the occasional threesome? I don't know. We Hoosiers are pretty straight-laced. We take marriage seriously," I replied, a bit tongue in cheek, since I was a dyed in the wool New Yorker. I also didn't mention the 10% divorce rate in Indiana, it being the sixth highest in the country. Sarah feigned being crestfallen. "Tell you what: You can organize his bachelor's party, okay?" I offered.
"Don't I have to propose, first?" Philip asked.
"No," the three of us said, at the same time. It's the 21st century, Philip, I silently thought. It's already twenty years into it. Get with the program!
"It's a good thing, then, that I have this for you, Michelle," Philip said, and he gave me a tiny box. My mother had always said that good things come in small boxes. This was one of those, and it fit my ring finger almost perfectly. I have long, thin fingers, so the fit was a bit of a surprise. The diamond, which was the size of Montana, glistened beautifully.
I moved over to Philip and began kissing him. As we kissed, my clothes began to fall off my body. When I was down to my bra and panties I broke away from the kisses and said, "Are you two ladies going to leave and give us some privacy, or are you going to just stay there and watch, like demented perverts?"
Annie looked at Sarah, and they exchanged smiles. "We're staying to watch," they said, in unison.
I shrugged, "Whatever floats your boat." I let them stay: Yep, it was the coding error as regards my exhibitionist DNA on my second X chromosome. I just had too much of the exhibitionist within me. I don't know that Captain Philip's problem was! Fifteen seconds later I was naked and Philip tossed me onto the couch. He bent me over the end, removed the anal plug I had cleverly worn just for the occasion, and he fucked my ass, but good! I moaned up a storm, and just when I thought I couldn't take it anymore, he stood, and he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around him, put my arms around his neck, and he dropped me down right onto his filthy cock that had just been in my ass.
He bounced me up and down on his cock for a while, and then he dropped me onto my back on the floor, and jumped on top of me, and reamed my poor pussy with his big, thick cock until finally I screamed, as the climax overwhelmed me. Shortly later he emptied his balls inside me.
"Nowthat'show you fuck a woman, Annie!" I said, once I had recovered. Annie and Sarah applauded, as Philip and I got dressed. The two women were muttering about something being not optimally sanitary, and who's demented, anyway, but I ignored them.
**
Back in Indiana there was the issue of Brian. He would notice my ring. He would be hurt. It's kind of a sin to hurt such a sweet man. Annie and I discussed what to do, and Monday I stayed home from work. Annie went to Brian's office hours, explained who she was, and asked if he could come with her to visit me. Of course, he came. I was upstairs in bed, pretending I was sick, and hiding the ring finger of my left hand.
I asked them to stay for a while and Annie took Brian downstairs and fed him a steady diet of Scotch whisky and talked to him for a long, long time. Eventually I heard Annie moaning downstairs, and I knew her plan had worked. Annie could seduce any man, anywhere, anytime. Brian was one more conquest in a long string of men conquered, fucked silly, and discarded at the side of the highway. This was the babe who was my best friend forever, and she even spoke four languages. Do I have good taste in friends, or what?
Annie and Brian began dating. It turned out Annie actually liked sweet men, who gave sweet, gentle, and loving fucks. Who knew? I was shocked. There actually are people like that? Again, who knew? Maybe it's a Hoosier thing, or something.
Philip and Brian hit it off, too, once they had met, which I had been dreading. We ended up having a double wedding, after our two whirlwind romances. Sarah flew out from New York and organized their Bachelor party, and people are still talking about it, two years later! My guess is that it was the most debauched bachelor party in the county's history.
I have the feeling Annie has designs on a foursome, or some wife swapping or something, and then there's Sarah, who keep threatening to come on out again, to see what all the fuss is about, out here in Indiana. I should never have let them both watch Philip fuck me. Apparently, it was memorable theater. Anyway, I'm trying to keep things on an even keel.
"Where is Indiana, anyway? Is it near Kansas, or something?" Sarah asked, at one point.
"It's in between New York and San Francisco," I said.
"Oh, well, okay then," Sarah said. "Thanks."
She knew where it was. She had come, after all, for the double wedding, and of course the Bachelor's party when she popped out of the huge cake. I deliberately never asked what she wore when she popped out of the cake, but I suspect it might have been quite close to nothing at all. I did hear, though, that she gave each of Brian and Philip lap dances. Sarah pretending not to know where Indiana is, was her way of pulling my chain.
Married now, Philip and I go to The Antlers almost every weekend. I make sure all the men there salivate over his date, namely me. Philip seems to like that: Having every man wish he were my date, instead of Philip. I get the rewards, big time, when we get home. I still miss Thor, and at times, when I'm alone, I look at his picture. Sarah and I reminisce about him. Also, I've developed a strong hatred of salmon.
Sarah taught me a Jewish tradition. There's a special candle that lasts almost exactly 24 hours. On the evening before the anniversary of the day of his death, you light the candle. You see it burning all the next day, and eventually it flickers out around the same time of day that you lit it, the day before. Every time you look at it, you think of your departed love. I know, I know, it's sweet, and it's sentimental. I don't care: it helps. It really does help.
Thor is dead and buried, and I have to go on living. Sarah and I agree, that Thor would have liked that Philip and I fell in love. I look at the flickering candle once a year on the anniversary of Thor's death, and sometimes I feel his presence, and his approval, of how I live my life.
Philip and I couldn't bear to name our son Thorsten. Instead, we named him Zeus. After all, Zeus is the Greek God who is considered the closest analogy to the Norse God Thor. Thor would have liked that. Philip watches our baby Zeus suckle at my breasts, first one, then the other. Zeus falls asleep from the exertion of feeding himself, and then Philip takes over the suckling. Sometimes, hell, most times, his mouth works its way south. He is so good when he eats me out.
We put Zeus in his crib, out of harm's way, and then Philip knocks me all about the bedroom, ending up deep in my pussy, or sometimes my ass, with me moaning up a storm. Zeus sleeps through it all, a good forty-five minutes of raw sex, but if he were more aware, he'd have a good idea of exactly when his baby sister was conceived. It seemed predetermined: We named Zeus' sister Hera. Continuing the Greek theme, Philip wants me to call him Φίλιππος, or Philippos, in the bedroom, and he calls me Μιχαέλα (pronounced mih-kAl-luh). We're perhaps a little, just a tad, perverted, but we have fun.
Then we change Zeus' diaper. It's amazing how fast a good meal of white breast milk can change to brown poop, you know? One long, drawn out, fabulous session of raw, rough sex, and voilà! A dirty diaper. As the French would say, c'est la vie.
**
I love comments. If you are inclined to leave one, please do so!