I woke up alone, after spending the first night in "our" apartment. Thank god it was the weekend. I smelled freshly brewed coffee, which is one of the best smells ever. I walked out into the kitchen. I was still in the buff, and I was happy to see that Hope was also. She was between the dining room and living room, buck naked, on a mat doing yoga.
"Good morning, handsome." Her voice sounded like she had a spring in her step this morning. Her downward dog position looked very enticing.
"Good morning, beautiful. How are you feeling?" She had been doing simple yoga poses when I first started watching her, now she switched to some harder poses where you needed to be more flexible. She braced her forearms in a V shape, and flipped up until she was standing on her head.
"I feel exactly like the cat that ate the canary. Is there a rainbow shining out of my ass?" She began to spread her legs in various ways. She could do the splits while standing on her head. God, but she was stunning. I moved in front of her. Her legs went even farther apart; I didn't even think that was possible. I leaned over and gave her little cunt a long lick, starting at her clit, dipping into her box, and then back to her perineum.
"Fair warning, I haven't showered yet." She seemed to think that would matter to me.
"I just don't want you to break your neck." I placed my hands on her hips, and my tongue wandered over her beautiful slit. She had a perfect little cooter. Her lips were small, both inner and outer; and whenever she became excited, and her lips became engorged, they would pull back, exposing her opening like a blooming flower. I took this chance to dive into her muff. It wasn't two minutes until she could no longer balance, and I had wrapped my arms around her stomach and held her there upside down. Being inverted must not have bothered her, because she squirted like a gusher; soaking my face and torso. I really needed to make sure that Hope drank enough water. I laid her down on her damp mat, and spooned in behind her. We didn't speak for several minutes as her respiration returned to normal.
"You seem to be fairly liberal when it comes to fulfilling fantasies. Is that a fair statement?" Hope's voice had a tentative quality to it, which made me think that whatever she was asking about was important to her, and she was nervous to ask for it.
"That's accurate, to a point. Would I take my girl to a glory hole and let her suck twenty dicks? No. But within reason I am very accommodating. What did you have in mind?" She hesitated for almost a minute, and I just let the silence stretch between us. If it was a fantasy worth fulfilling, then she could ask for it.
"So," she said in a small voice, "I am a bit of an exhibitionist; or should I say, I would like to be one." I had already figured this out about her.
"Sounds reasonable to me." I said this in an encouraging way. She is only going to be nineteen once, and I would hate for her reach forty and to never have done anything a little crazy.
"I have a fantasy where my man; the man that I trust above all others, picks out my clothes. He would pick them out to make me look sexy, and then we could go out somewhere and he could show me off." Her voice trailed off on the last few words, like she thought that this might make me angry.
"Sounds like a good time to me." I felt her silently let out a breath that she had been holding. "When you say 'show you off,' you mean like hiking up your skirt or blouse to give someone a peek? Maybe a little extra on the public displays of affection?" I tried to keep any judgmental tone out of my voice. I thought it would be a big turn on for me. She is smoking hot, and why not give some other guys a peek so that they will know what they are missing; all the while I would know that when we get home, I would bang her until she screams.
"Yeah, just like that. Do you think I am a freak?" I chuckled.
"No, babe. I think that you have a healthy libido. I don't care if someone else gets a look at the wonderful pussy of yours, because I know that it belongs to me at the end of the day. It's not like you are asking me to let these other people fuck you."
"Ewww, No!" I laughed again at her disgust. "You are right, this pussy is yours, and yours alone." I squeezed her tight, and tapped her on her spectacular ass.
"Why don't you hop in the shower, and I will make us some breakfast? I would join you, but then we probably wouldn't leave the house today." She snickered.
"There isn't much for breakfast except coffee and cereal." She looked a little ashamed. "I need to go grocery shopping today." I smiled at her.
"We need to go grocery shopping, lover." Her smile was absolutely radiant. "Why don't you go ahead and shower. I will lay out your clothes." She giggled nervously. I know from experience that it is both exciting and nerve-racking to do something that is outside of your comfort zone. She headed off to the bathroom, and I poured a cup of black coffee, and headed into the bedroom to see what she had to wear.
She had a large walk-in closet, and it was filled with clothes. I went through her things, and picked out a thin lacy camisole that maybe should have been considered lingerie, but I loved the rich green color. It was also very thin and would showcase her little nipples perfectly. I found a green and black plaid skirt that was a little shorter than mid-thigh, but it was pleated, kind of like a tennis skirt. It would be perfect for flipping up and showing off her assets. I was about done, but then I saw a pair of four-inch stripper heels in the far corner of her shoe rack. They were black patent leather, with little bows on the ankle strap. These would be the perfect shoes to round out this slutty outfit. She walked in, still patting her body dry.
"Can you walk in these heels?" She smiled, and nodded in the affirmative. "Good. Put on these clothes, and nothing else."
"Okay." She had an excited gleam in her eye. I had a feeling that we were both going to enjoy today. I headed into the bathroom, and shaved and showered. I keep my hair short, so it is never a bother. I heard the hair dryer running. I opened my suitcase and pulled out some rather stylish jeans, and a blue and white plaid button-up shirt. I threw on some soft leather loafers that matched my glove leather bomber jacket. I spent the rest of my time sitting on the small love seat in her bedroom, watching her put on the little bit of make-up that she wore. As she got dressed, she kept eye contact with me the entire time, to let me know that she was wearing that outfit because it pleased me. It was a submissive act. She finished fastening the straps on her heels, and pulled a jacket off a coat rack, and we were ready to go. We decided to take my Jeep.
"Damn, this leather seat feels cold on my naked ass." She said as we got in. I smiled, and turned on the seat heater.
"Turn around and let me inspect you. I want to make sure that you didn't slip on a pair of panties while I wasn't looking." She smiled, pulled her knees up onto the seat, and poked her butt out in my direction. I casually pulled the back of her skirt up to the middle of her back. She looked around to see if anyone was watching, because her majestic ass was hanging in the breeze for anyone to see. I caressed both of her cheeks, and I slid my middle finger into the cleft between her thighs. She was already wet. I slowly slipped my middle finger all the way inside of her, and she made a mewling noise, like a cat in heat.
"Good girl," I said, lowering her skirt. She sat back down, and buckled in; smiling all the while. "Aren't you forgetting something?" She turned to me with a puzzled look on her face. I held out my finger that was coated with her juices. She smiled again, and leaned forward, taking my finger in her mouth like a treat, and used her tongue to clean it off. I leaned over and kissed her. She hungerly attacked my mouth with hers, her tongue slid deep into my mouth, and I too could taste her pussy. I knew that this was really making her hot between the thighs. We eventually broke the passionate kiss, and I pulled the Jeep out of the parking lot.
The first stop that we made was to my bank. I needed to take all the money that I knew I had saved up from my computer work and put it into an account that Sarah wasn't on. It was a sizable amount that I had earned, and I would be damned if I was going to let Sarah have it. As much as I wanted to get to having fun with Hope's new fetish; I needed to make sure that my savings stayed under my control. It took about thirty minutes to open up a new account. Between the looks that the guy at the bank gave Hope, and the way that she was crossing and uncrossing her legs, I figured that she was giving the guy a little peep show. I searched my feelings, and I felt absolutely no jealousy. I just thought it was hot, and I knew that Hope was mine by her choice. We left the bank with a new temporary debit card, and a new temporary credit card. It was time to head to THE mall: The Mall of America.
"That was so fucking hot!" She was almost bouncing up and down in her seat. "I think I am dripping on your leather seat right now."
"I have to say, that really was a turn on for me, and I don't give a damn about the upholstery. It will just wipe off." The next few minutes were spent in companionable silence.
"Rob," she said tentatively, "can we talk about something?" My heart skipped a beat. I nodded, and waited with my heart in my throat to continue. "You make me feel very safe, and that feeling is really liberating. I've never felt like this before with anyone. I feel like I can totally let go sexually with you. Like today, I can fulfill this little fantasy of mine, and I know that you will protect me, and not let anything bad happen. That makes me so happy."
"I'm very glad that you feel that way, Hope. That is exactly what I want. I love you, and I feel like satisfying some of your fantasies will make you a better version of yourself. You know what I mean?" She nodded.
"I believe that we can make some of your fantasies come true too." Her blue eyes were large when she studied me as she said this. "You told me about your turn-ons, like the nails and feet thing, and the make-up. I am totally on board with those things. I love your body attractions, because I seem to already have the things that you like." Her eyes continued watch me studiously as she spoke. "You never told me any of your fantasies, though."
"Well," I really didn't know how to say this rather than just coming right out and flatly stating it. "To be honest, I think I fulfilled about every fantasy that I had before I got married. I did all of that stuff when I was younger." She had a mild look of disbelief on her face.
"You aren't THAT much older than I am." She rolled her eyes. "You sound like a stodgy old man when you talk like that." She giggled, and I knew that she was mostly messing with me, but also that she had talked herself into believing the age difference between us meant nothing. Our age difference wasn't an insurmountable obstacle, but I still tried not to rationalize it into being a non-issue. "So, you've had a threesome with two girls?" I nodded.
"I've even had a foursome with three girls." She looked surprised. "It was a lot more work than a threesome. I've also been to a pretty decent orgy, in Las Vegas at the Luxor. It was in a huge private suite; and honestly, I was the least attractive person invited. I don't think it is usually that way with orgies." Her mouth hung open a bit at this revelation.
"How did you get invited to a party like that?" Hope asked.
"One of my best friends in high school sold his tech startup for just under half a billion dollars."
"Whoa..." Do you still keep in contact with him?"
"Oh yeah. He and I are still tight, but me being married kind of stopped him from inviting me to most of his really fun parties."
"So, you don't have anything left on your sex bucket list?" She looked a little pouty.
"Not really. Being in a relationship with you has pretty much crossed the last thing off." She kind of gave me the stink eye for this statement. She thought I was being patronizing.
"As sweet as that sentiment is, it still doesn't answer my question. You can't have done everything."
"True. I will think it over seriously. Maybe I will find something that lurks in the back of my brain. Until then, I will stick with acting out this certain super-hot petite blond yoga student's fantasies. They seem to be things that I haven't tried before, which is exciting all on its own." She smiled, temporarily mollified, but I was sure that this wouldn't be the last that word on the subject of my fantasies. We finally pulled into the parking lot.
Mall of America isn't just a normal shopping mall. They have over 500 stores, a huge aquarium, and a shitload of rides; including a roller coaster. It might be the last mall in the country that is still cool for teenagers to hang out in. I figured that we should head some place sexy. I figured Victoria's Secret, and to Pink, both of which sold lingerie to be a good bet. I figured that we would hit a several clothing stores, since I had never seen a woman walk into just one store and then leave the mall.
"I want to buy you a few things, since I have been literally tearing your clothes off." She frowned at this.
"You don't have to, Rob. I've got plenty of clothes. You could probably rip off an item a day for a month, and I would still have too many clothes." I smiled.
"Okay. Let me put this a different way." She still had a stubborn look in her eye. "I want to buy you a few things that I really like on you, and the places that we would go to buy them would give me plenty of chances to show you off." She smirked at this.
"Oooh, I see. Okay." Her nipples were so hard that I could almost see the bumps on her areolas through her thin top. We checked out a map, and walked toward Victoria's Secret. I wrapped my arm around her, and slid my hand down to rest very noticeably on her firm right ass cheek. She sighed in pleasure. I noticed a couple of people openly staring as they saw my blatant grope. One guy turned around to stare at her ass, and I flipped her skirt up to display her bare bottom for a second. We finally arrived at Victoria's Secret, and we were greeted by a chipper looking young woman, whose name tag read April. She was very pretty in a mousy sort of way. She had large green eyes, and had shoulder length hair that was dyed a different shade of green. She wore a bright yellow dress with white polka dots. She was very colorful.
"Is there anything that I can help you find today?" She smiled naughtily when she saw my hand resting unapologetically on Hope's ass. We were still right inside the door to the store, right in front of the huge glass window.
"I'm looking for something that will display her best assets." I turned to Hope. "Show her, lover." Hope flushed so red that she was almost purple. The porcelain skin that matched her natural blonde hair was very conducive to embarrassment. Hope turned slowly, and lifted up the back of her skirt, clearly showing the sales clerk everything. April made an audible gasp. I looked at Hope and saw that the inside of her thighs were glistening with moisture. I pulled Hope's hand away, and her skirt fell back into place. My dick was as hard as a steel beam.
"Ummm..." The sales clerk said. "Let's go look over here at our sexier stuff. Are you looking for separates, or sets?"
"I would say sets. The tops don't all have to be bras, they can be something like a camisole." I stepped behind Hope, and cupped both of her breasts, lifting them, and letting them go. Her B cups jiggled a bit, but there was absolutely no droopage. April smiled indulgently at me. I could see her hardened nipples clearly through her bra and dress. She must have been enjoying our little show. She asked Hope about sizes. I confess that I only had the most tenuous grasp on how women's sizing works.
"You look really hot in green," the clerk said, walking over to an almost transparent nightie and panties. The sheer fabric had a few shades of green in an elaborate pattern. It would cover her fully, but conceal absolutely nothing.
"She can try that on. How about something lacy and white?" I asked. "Maybe a bra and panty set. She is partial to thongs, when she doesn't go commando."
"I have just the thing," the clerk said. She led up across the store to another set of racks. Everything in this section was white and lacy. "I'm thinking that modestly is not a big concern here?" April was facing us from a distance of about three feet. She was between racks, and Hope and I were in the aisle facing her.
"Modesty?" I casually pulled the front of Hope's skirt above her waist, prominently displaying her dark blonde landing strip. The sales clerk smiled. Her face was flushed, and she seemed pretty turned on herself. I dropped her skirt. "Modesty is not the issue. This is for her enjoyment. She likes to be shown off in public. It makes her wet. Doesn't it Hope?" Hope's face was cherry red.
"Yes," Hope replied. April began to fan her face with both hands. The sales clerk was blushing a bit herself.
"How wet does it make you, Hope?" Hope fidgeted, and turned her head away from both of us. "Use your adjectives."
"Really wet." She said in a tiny voice. "I am soaked right now. It's running down my legs." I saw the sales clerk squeeze her thighs together.
"What's running down your legs, Hope?" She squirmed in place. April squeezed her thighs together again. Doing that was only going to make April hornier, and would not relieve her problem. Both her and Hope were breathing hard.
"My pussy juice." I heard the sales girl let out the smallest of moans.
"Reach down there and show April how wet you are." Wordlessly, Hope pushed her right hand under her skirt and pulled out two fingers that were slick with her juices. She spread her fingers apart, and a thin line of nature's lubricant stretched between them. "Now clean your fingers like a good girl." Hope looked April dead in the eye, and slowly slid her fingers into her mouth, and they came out clean, with only a thin coating of saliva. This time April's moan was definitely audible. She pulled her eyes away from us, and picked up a white bra and panty set. It was small, and lacy, and left nothing to the imagination.
"Perfect. Where are the fitting rooms?" April looked like she was having a debate inside her head.
"The main fitting rooms are over on the other side of the store, but we have two fitting rooms in the back corner that are hardly ever used. We could go back there if you want?" She said this last as a question and not as a statement. April gave me a half smile. I gave her a million-watt smile back.
"The ones in the back sound perfect." April led Hope and me to the left rear corner of the store. There were tall glass cubes filled with merchandise about ten feet in front of the two fitting rooms, and they were almost totally concealed. It was perfect a perfect set up. One of the dressing rooms was even handicapped accessible. I handed Hope the two outfits, and she disappeared into the handicap accessible fitting room.
"Ummm..." said April. "You can go inside with her. It's okay." I sighed theatrically.
"I really don't know much about lingerie. Would it be too much to ask for you to come in and help us make a decision?" Her eyes grew large as she considered all the possibilities. I saw exactly when she made up her mind. It was like a slot machine coming to a stop.
"Yeah, I can do that. There is plenty of coverage on the floor." I opened the door, and saw that Hope had taken off her stripper heels, and was about to start on the rest of her abbreviated wardrobe. Both of us walked in, and I closed the door behind us. Hope looked between us, and lifted an eyebrow in a silent question. I gave a very brief shrug to let her know that I wasn't sure what this situation would lead to. She winked, as if to say 'whatever will be will be.' She crossed her arms, and pulled her camisole over her head. Both of her exquisite breasts bounced into view. She reached up and pinched both of her nipples pretty hard. Her eyes rolled up in her head. I knew that when Hope was turned on, there was a direct line wired between her nipples and her clitoris. Hope unzipped the skirt, and it hit the ground. She kicked both items under the bench that she had sat on.
April looked between Hope and me. I really wasn't sure what the rules for engagement were here. It hadn't been something that we discussed; it had just developed organically. April stepped close to Hope, and leaned down and kissed her lustily. I was pretty pleased because just watching would be fun, and non-threatening to Hope. I thought it was funny that April was six inches taller than Hope, and I was more than six inches taller than April. Their kiss broke, and both of them were breathing like they had just finished doing wind sprints.
"You have entirely too many clothes on, April." Hope stated. April turned her back on Hope.
"Can you do my zipper?" April asked, and then she stood on her toes and devoured my mouth with a kiss. I had been hard for a long while, and she pressed her soft belly right into my cock. It twitched when she made contact, and she groaned into my mouth. "You are so lucky, Hope. Damn, he has a nice thick cock."
April moved away from me and stepped out of her dress. She had a matching white lace bra and panty set on. They were more conservative than the ones that we had been looking at for Hope, but they were still super sexy. I guess that is one of the perks to working for a store that sells lingerie. Hope unfastened April's bra, and she let it slide down her arms, and tossed it in the discarded clothes pile. Her panties followed a few seconds later. April turned and began sucking one of Hope's nipples.
"Rob, now you are the only one that is overdressed." I looked at her questioningly, and she mouthed, 'just roll with it.' I shrugged, and kicked off my shoes and dropped my clothes in the corner behind me. I felt very overstimulated, and I thought that no matter I did with my cock, I would finish quickly. Hope did something unexpected and stepped up onto the changing room bench. April never hesitated; she just buried her face in Hope's sopping wet snatch. Hope leaned against the wall, and thrust her pelvis out, giving April a better angle. Hope caught April by the chin and tilted her face upwards.
"Do you mind if he fucks you, April?" April's face was already looking like a glazed donut.
"No, I don't mind," April said before returning to licking Hope. I took in a deep breath. April was really wet herself. I slipped one of my fingers inside her. The tight feel of her pussy felt very promising. She poked her ass out towards me automatically.
"I don't have a condom." I stated. She never even lifted her head from Hope, who was getting some really good head from this chick.
"I don't care, just fuck me already." I shrugged, and placed myself at her entrance. I pushed a little bit, and nothing happened. I pushed a bit harder, and my head popped in. "Oh my god. That is a thick cock!" All our noises were muted whispers, but I worried about what Hope would do when she came; and by the look on her face, it wouldn't be a long time coming. I pushed slowly as far as I could get inside of her before bottoming out. She made a little grunting noise when I hit the bottom. I didn't know if that was a good noise or not, so I continued to stroke slowly, bottoming out each time.
"Harder, please," April moaned, so I grabbed her hips and started pumping faster, and putting more force into each stroke. She started whimpering. It was a strange sex noise, but it was quiet enough that nobody outside of the room would probably hear it.
"She's a squirter, April." I was surprised Hope hadn't climaxed yet.
"Oh god, Hope. Let me have it." She was licking her clit and fingering Hope's cunny like her life depended on it. That was when Hope came like an open fire hydrant. Her cum splashed around the side of April's head, and landed on me, and squirted all the way up April's back. Then it soaked her hair. April kept going like a champ. I was so shocked that Hope didn't cry out, and I saw why; she had actually bit down on her own forearm to keep from making noise. Eventually Hope moved April's face away, and my love slowly sank down the wall so that her butt rested on her heels. She was shaking like she had just been pulled out of an ice-cold lake.
April leaned farther forward, and grabbed onto the handicap bar as I pounded into her. I was getting almost my whole knob inside of her after she stopped eating out Hope, and I got a better angle. Hope slid off the bench onto the floor. She seemed fascinated with watching my cock slam into April. Hope was buck naked, and was probably 100% visible to any customer who cared to look our way. She obviously didn't care. I felt my balls start tingling, signaling the imminent danger of my orgasm.
"About to cum," I managed to squeak out as I tried to keep from cumming. She sounded like she was getting pretty damn close too.
"Fill me up, big boy!" That is all that I needed to hear. My orgasm tore through me like a tiger through a paper bag. I usually never have simultaneous orgasms with a woman, but as soon as my hot spunk started shooting off inside her; she came. She was the noisiest of any of the three of us. I continued to pound away as her body jerked spastically in a knee-buckling display of gratification.
We both wound down, and I pulled out of her, and then I saw one of the hottest things that I've ever seen in my entire life. Hope latched her mouth to April's pussy and started sucking my cum out of her like a fucking shop vac. It's not that I'd never seen creampie eating before; but this was a whole other level. Hope went after my spunk like it was a challenge on Fear Factor. She eventually stopped sucking on her pussy, and then she switched to using two fingers to literally dig up into April's tight little cunny in order to find any of our combined nectar that was left over. Goddamn. Hope was fucking sexy. This entire encounter had been really hot right from the very start. I don't know what had made me focus on showing Hope off to April, but whatever it was, it was a great idea.
When the three of us came down from the rush of the orgasmic oxytocin and endorphins, we started trying to sort out our clothes. Both of the girl's clothes had been tossed underneath the bench, where they were relatively untouched by Hope's little impromptu rain storm. My clothes caught quite a bit of it, but I really didn't care. They smelled like the spicy/musky scent of Hope, which was my favorite smell in the world at that moment. April sponged off as much of Hope's joy juice as she could with her lacy white panties, and then wiped off her cooter with them before stuffing them in my jacket pocket.
Both of the girls put their clothes back on, and ran their fingers through their hair. Hope's looked decent because it started out in a ponytail, and it never got soaked. April's hair was a total wreck. It was damp from being massively squirted on, and it looked like she just finished having sex. We took the two sets of lingerie up to the front, and April rang it up for us. I saw her write something on the receipt.
"If you two ever want to play again, give me a call." It was her phone number. Hope said we would, and we headed out of the store. Just before we left, I heard April's voice. "I'm going on break," she told one of her coworkers. We walked back out into the crush of people in the mall.
"I don't know about you, lover," Hope said, "but I am ready to head home after that." I smiled at her and nodded in agreement. "That was really fucking hot." I'm glad that Hope said that before I did. I hadn't been sure what Hope would think. She smiled a big smile at me. "Were any of your threesomes anything like that?"
"No. I have to say that you gave me an entirely brand-new experience." We were almost back to the Jeep. "How did you like the dom and the exhibition stuff?"
"I loved it, obviously. God it made me so fucking horny. I gave that poor girl a shower. I don't think that was my most powerful orgasm ever, but the buildup to it made me squirt a fuck-ton." I laughed. I was glad that she had a really good time too. To me, it was all about her. "That was my first time with a girl. It was kind of different than I thought it would be."
"You're shitting me, right?" I unlocked the Jeep and we got inside. "That was your first time with a girl?"
"Yeah. I can't say that I've never been attracted to girls before, because one of my good friends in Michigan taught me how to kiss. I crushed on her pretty hard, but we were young and nothing ever became of it." I still was floored.
"That was the first time that you ever put your mouth on a woman?"
"My very first lip contact with a vagina, yeah." I looked at her intensely. Her blue eyes held a question. I think that she wanted to know if she had taken things too far.
"You are the most incredible woman that I've ever met, Hope." She laughed.
"That's a good thing, right?" Her eyes still sought my approval. I leaned over and kissed her. She tasted like strawberry lip gloss and pussy.
"It's the very best thing, love." She smiled at me, and we held hands on the way back to our apartment. We didn't shower, she just changed clothes. I had shown her off enough for one day.
We grocery shopped, and then we made lunch. She worked on her mosaics, while I worked on finishing off a gaming system. We had dinner, we fucked, then we made love, then we fucked again. We fell asleep in a tangle of sweaty limbs, having disturbed the neighbors sleep yet again.
***
Brooke,
Some really crazy stuff happened today, and I am so glad that it did. You remember when I told you how Rob and I talked about fantasies? Rob helped me fulfill a few of mine today.
He picked out a perfectly slutty outfit for me to wear to the mall today. I wore neither a bra, nor panties. When I walked through the mall, I could feel every man looking at me with desire in their eyes. I know that I usually freak when a guy looks at me like that, but Rob was with me, and I know that I will be safe when I'm with him. We walked around, and he would flip the back of my skirt up every once in a while, so that certain people could get a good look. He even dropped something and had me pick it up, and he specifically made me bend at the waist. I gave two old guys an up close and personal look at all of my goodies. It was really hot. I was so fucking wet that my girl juice was literally running down my thighs. I'm not sure if I have ever been as turned on as I was today.
So, we go to Victoria's Secret, and he starts showing me off to this really cute sales girl. She had shoulder length green hair. It really suited her though. I could immediately tell that she was drawn to him; to both of us. He made me do things in front of her that embarrassed me, but those things built my excitement to a fever pitch. We picked out a couple of outfits, and all three of us ended up in the changing room, having a threesome! She was eating my pussy, and he was beating her cunt up like he was a prize fighter. I thought that I would be jealous if I ever saw him with another woman, but I wasn't at all. It really excited me. Is that weird? That fact that I wasn't jealous really surprised me. I came all over that poor girl. I literally soaked her so bad that her green hair looked like she had just stepped out of the shower.
Then it happened. He came inside of her, which to me is where a guy should always cum. It makes me tingly just thinking about him cumming inside me, which he did three times last night. It is the most delicious feeling. Yes, I can hear you. I will get the shot on Monday, I promise. So, I am sitting on the floor, halfway out of it from cumming so hard, and he lets his baby batter loose inside of her, and she has a knee buckling orgasm. When he pulls out, I did something without even being aware that it was going to happen. I was sitting there on the floor watching them one second, and then my mouth was locked on her pussy the next. I was sucking out all of my man's delicious spunk. After all, his cum really belongs to me. I didn't mind him cumming in her, but I guess some part of my mind wanted to lay claim to it for myself. So, I guess that I can add crack-snacker to my sexual resume. It was really fucking hot. You know how few real sexual experiences that I have had. To do something like that was a huge breakthrough for me.
Rob and I are really happy together. Even doing mundane things like going grocery shopping is more enjoyable with him. I guess that is part of being newly in love. I know that I said before that I wouldn't mind having a baby with Rob, and that is still true. I really want to wait until we are both ready, and I am done with school. If it just happened, though; I wouldn't be sad about it.
I think that I will surprise him at his work on Monday. My classes don't start until ten, and I can make it there and back in time. He told me about this supervisor that is a total fuck puddle. I would really like to let that guy get a good look at me hanging all over Rob. He is already jealous of Rob; otherwise, why would he be fucking with him all the time?
I still think about his wife. I thought that I would feel guilty because I took her man, but I don't feel the least bit guilty. If that drug-addled cunt would have taken care of her man he would have never climbed into my bed. I've seen pictures of her on his phone. Yes, I am that bitch; the one who memorizes her guy's unlock code, and looks at all of his stuff while he sleeps. No, I am not crazy! She was a really good-looking woman for her age. There weren't any nudes, but I don't think that he got to see her nude very much. That was probably why her man needed me. If I ever meet her, I will thank her for being a frigid bitch. I know that sounds wrong, but I am totally serious. I will tell her how he tore my leggings off in order to eat my pussy, and how I let him fuck my face the very first time he was over my place. She probably kissed him with my pussy juice still on his lips. Sorry, I don't mean to sound like a crazy fucking cunt-rag, but I don't like her very much.
Well I have to get moving. I am in the bathroom writing this while he is making me Sunday morning breakfast; pancakes and bacon. Yum! I love you sister of mine. I wish that you loved me enough to answer your goddamn phone. I hope that you will visit soon. I promise that I will make it worth the trip. Love you always.
Hope
***
Sarah double checked her computer screen to make sure that she had entered the correct number on her iPhone. It was correct, and she punched the green call icon.
"Hello." It was a woman's voice. All the puzzle pieces started to fit themselves together in Sarah's head.
"This is the Minnesota Board of Census Audits," Sarah said with a smirk. "To whom am I speaking?" Sarah used her most professional phone voice.
"Hope Kendrick." Now she had a name.
"I just have one question for you." Sarah felt her anger rising up inside of her. "Why the fuck have you been calling and texting my husband at all hours of the day and night?" There was a very loud silence on the other end of the line. "You did know that he was married, or didn't he bother to tell you that little fact?"
"I don't know what you are talking about."
"You are a lying, husband stealing whore!" Sarah screamed into her phone. There was another brief pause on the line.
"I didn't have to steal him," Hope said in a calm voice. "You are a frigid fucking bitch, who didn't know how to take care of her man. Now he's my man; so, thank you for that." Sarah seethed inside. "I just wanted you to know," Hope continued, "that he used to eat my pussy, and then kiss you. He bragged about it. How did my pussy taste?" There was a click as the call was dropped. Sarah stared at her phone, and knew exactly who to call next.
*****
Author's note
I'd like to thank Stephen King for the crack-snacker euphemism. That one is unforgettable. Thanks for reading. Please vote. I will try to answer you back ASAP if you send your email address with any feedback. I always love to hear what people really think.