I used to travel for business quite a bit. It was usually a whirlwind of activity -one town, then a few hours later, another. I know I had a hectic life and it never seemed to slow down. But sometimes, things happen that kinda make you pause and rethink your situation.
I was in this good-sized town called Cedar Creek. I had only stopped because I was just too exhausted to drive any further. It was either stop there or go on to the big city. The town was really nice; it had a nostalgic feel to it. It was a bit touristy, it being the stepping off place to a national forest, recreation areas, and several historic sites.
I settled into my motel and immediately feel asleep. I woke up a few hours later and took a shower. I lay on the bed and turned on the television. There was this show starring some cute shirtless actor parading around and I started to think I needed a good jerk-off session. I got my computer and logged on to a cam site. My stomach growled; I had not eaten all day. I needed to get some food and maybe a drink or two.
The motel was located just off the main street of the town. The town was lit up and there were a good deal of people walking around and going to various restaurants and bars. I myself chose a small bar and grill place I found on my phone.
The place was empty, but I liked the retro vibe. It seemed very gay-friendly with the discreet rainbow flag on the door and tucked into the d‚cor here and there. Everything was old dark wood and red lamps over the red pleather booths, with black and white photos and old metal signs. I took a seat at the large wooden bar and picked up a menu.
"Welcome to Stonewall," a voice said.
My mouth dropped when I looked up from the menu. The guy behind the bar was mouth-dropping beautiful. He looked Latino or Native American, maybe both. He had really long straight jet-black hair. He was wearing a black sleeveless t-shirt and his biceps bulged as he moved his arms.
"Interesting name," I said to him. "Is it named after the Stonewall Inn..."
"Yeah, it is," he said, jumping in and giving me a big smile. "I'm Rio. Can I get you something to drink to start you off?"
I ordered a beer and a sandwich. Rio busied himself around the bar while I ate. I was enjoying watching him. He had a nice v-shaped body tapering down from some broad shoulders. His t-shirt was rather short so occasionally, if he stretched, it would expose his sexy stomach with its trail of dark hair running into his tight jeans.
After I finished eating, I sat at the bar watching the closed-captioned television and sipping some beers. Rio propped himself nearby. He asked me the general questions like where was I from. I asked him questions about the town. I kind of felt he was flirting but I figured that was simply to get a big tip on a really slow night.
I was enjoying myself and the company, but eventually Rio told me that he was closing up. I wasn't too tired, so I asked him if there were any other places open this late. He told me the whole town was pretty much closed this late except the all-night convenience store. Well, he proceeded to close up while I finished my beer.
I must have wobbled as I got off my stool because he asked if I was okay. I said I was, but he insisted on walking me to my motel.
On the way, I stopped at the convenience store for a few things. Rio chatted with the young hunk at the counter while I grabbed a few things. The twenty-something cashier was wearing a light linen shirt that made his dark skin glow. His hair was faded on the sides and long strands on top fell forward onto his exquisite features - high cheekbones, Roman nose, and plump cock-sucking lips.
I checked out and Rio introduced me to the guy. He called the young man "Lobo", telling me it was because he was so slender and hairy...like a wolf, or "lobo" in Spanish. Lobo laughed and pulled down the front of his shirt, exposing a hairy patch. I was in love with this young hot "wolf". Rio told him that he'd see him online later. As we left I half-jokingly asked him if he had seen Lobo naked, Rio laughed and told me that he had. But, he added, Lobo had seen him naked many more times.
We got to the motel and I asked Rio if he wanted to come in for a drink. He hesitated for a second, and then he smiled and agreed.
I got us both a beer and carried the rest to the bathroom. I put them in the sink and poured some ice over them. Then I peed and walked out to find my computer on.
"I set down my backpack and it just came on," Rio said, with a shrug.
I had forgotten to turn off my computer and it had woken up. There in full color was the webcam site where I had planned on watching some guys and jerk off.
"Sorry about this," I apologized, my face red as a beet.
"No, man, it's cool," Rio told me, grabbing my hand as I reached to turn it off. I looked at him stunned. "I love that site myself. I'd be on it right now myself if I was at home."
"Oh, really?" I replied, sitting down in the desk chair.
"Oh, most definitely," he said with a big sly grin. "I mean, I'd probably be naked and on cam, to be honest." He laughed. "Working at a tiny bar in a small town isn't exactly the best way to pay the bills, you know. There are busy times and there are some very, very slow times." He sat on the edge of the bed.
"I don't think I've ever met someone who cams."
"Hehe, I really enjoy it. And my fans enjoy me," he said with a big laugh as he grabbed his crotch.
There was the outline of a long fat cock snaking down his thigh under those tight jeans. It definitely was a throat-stretching, hole-filling piece of major equipment. Rio's fingertip ran across it casually.
"Well, I can't wait to see you on cam!" I said excitedly, planning my next jerk-off session watching Rio busting a load while a whole bunch of strangers watched him too
"I should log on and do my show from here," he said with a wink.
My heart was racing.
"Yeah, right..."
"You want me to?" Rio said to me, giving a big grin. "I don't mind. It would be a nice change." He paused for a second, and then tilted his head to the side, giving me a sly look. "I've seen the way you have stared and watched me tonight -picturing me naked and on my back."
I responded by turning my computer screen toward him and grabbing my crotch.
"Go ahead."
"I always start my shows already naked," he said, pulling his shirt off. "I get more tips and the show gets going really fast." He peeled off his jeans and a fat half-hard cock plopped out. He had a dark full bush surrounding it. It was so thick its weight made it loll to the side a bit. "You want to get verified?" he asked me as he walked over to the computer and bent over. He turned around to me and grinned "You know...just in case..."
I was mesmerized by his tight round ass. A tuft of hair ran down into his crack. I wasn't sure I wanted to cam, but I decided to go ahead and get verified anyway.
He logged in and then rolled onto the center of the bed. I sat in a chair just off-cam and watched him. I grabbed my phone so I could watch the activity in the chat room as he cammed.
His room quickly filled with folks watching him. Rio lay back on the pillows and played with his big fat cock, talking to guys and answering questions.
One guy watching him asked him about the last time he got fucked. Rio paused for a second, and then there was a chime as someone else gave him a tip. The tipping viewer was named "Lobo21".
"I was the last one he fucked. Tell them, Rio," Lobo21 wrote.
I motioned to Rio and pointed toward the direction of the convenience store. He nodded and winked.
"Yeah, it's true. Lobo was the last dude I fucked. Oh, you should see him on cam when he does a show. We met and fucked against a brick wall. He's a good bottom bitch," Rio told his viewers as he stroked his big cock. Tips chimed as he talked about ramming his cock into Lobo, filling his young tight hole with his thickness. He thrust his cock into his fist like it was an ass. "He was so fucking tight and milked my cock like a pro."
"Bitch, I am a pro. Have to be one to take your long fat cock," Lobo replied.
"We were outside in a back alley...it was a full moon. I turned that boy around and pushed him against the brick wall. He was pushing his pants down to expose his young firm ass as I pulled out my cock. I spat on my cock and just pushed it deep into that tight boy pussy. My precum had that ass so lubed up," he said, running a fingertip across his now leaking cock. He knelt on the bed and started thrusting hard into his fist like he was fucking that young tight ass again, his cock slick with spit and precum. "Yeah, Lobo, you were really taking this big meat nice and deep that night, you nasty fucker."
"You two need to fuck on-cam," one viewer said.
"I'd tip big to see that," another commented.
"I want to be a fucking part of that if it happens again," someone else said.
Rio glanced at me and smirked. He was so into his cam session.
My pants had fallen to the floor and I was fisting my own cock thinking about Rio brutally fucking that willing hot young cashier in the alley. I unbuttoned my shirt and it fell open, revealing my thick hairy chest. Rio stared at me and licked his lips. He pulled his hand off his cock and it flopped against his thigh. He continued to stare at me and ran a finger over his leaking cockhead. His cock jumped from the stimulation. He continued his story about fucking young Lobo, with comments occasionally from Lobo about Rios' cock and body and his prowess in the art of fucking. Rio was getting some massive tip action as he jerked and talked.
"You wanna fuck on cam in front of all these people, Lobo? I'm ready for your tight hole," Rio said.
Tips rained down from his viewers as well as comments. Many wanted to join them. Some were jacking off and lost their load just at the mere suggestion. Most wanted to see it now. I wanted to watch them fuck right then too.
"I'll be right back," Rio told his viewers as he stopped jacking and jumped off the bed.
He stood in front of me. Without warning, he dropped to his knees and took my cock into his mouth. His tongue twirled around my cock as his hands roamed up my hairy torso searching for my nips. He found them and toyed with them before twisting them, causing sweet pain. My cock tightened from his attention to my nips. Rio pulled off my cock with a pop, and then jumped back onto the bed.
He started back talking about fucking Lobo, but was interrupted by a phone ringing. Rio slid across the bed, his round peachy ass up in the air. He reached for his pants and pulled out his phone. He read what was on it, nodded his head and acted like he was placing it on something off-cam. He was actually handing it to me. He smiled at me and gave me an "OK' sign surreptitiously.
I read the message on his phone. It was from Lobo.
"Fuck me on cam. Now! In front of that dude and all your viewers."
"Y'all want to watch me fuck Lobo tonight on cam?" Rio asked his viewers. He glanced at me. I nodded my head as I ran my hand over my chest. "Well, Lobo is on his way."
Rio motioned to me. I typed in the motel room number and sent it to Lobo.
Rio continued to talk to his viewers. The tips were coming hard and fast as were private messages and comments.
After a few minutes, there was a soft knock at the door. I pulled my pants up but didn't bother to stuff my cock back in. I opened the door and there was Lobo. His white linen shirt was halfway unbuttoned, showing off a bright chain and his thick chest hair. His hair hung down into his face. He smiled, showing a bright smile which contrasted with his dark complexion.
Rio jumped off the bed and bounded to the door. He pulled Lobo in and gave him a deep kiss. Rio ran a hand down my hairy torso and tugged at my cock. He released it and grabbed Lobo's hand, pushing it into my crotch. The young man grabbed my prick and began milking it as Rio pushed his shorts quickly to the floor. Lobo kicked off his shoes. Rio yanked him to the bed, falling on top of him. He looked at the camera and introduced Lobo.
I pushed my pants down and kicked them into the corner. My shirt fell off and I slouched into the chair to the ringing of tips and flutter of comments. Rio was working on Lobo's young stiffening cock, as I got a clear view of his perfect round fuzzy ass. And I knew as he was fucking his hot young buddy, I'd be sinking deep inside Rio's succulent round ass.