In a matter of just a few hours, I saw Mom's assertiveness with my out-of-control little brother go from nonexistent to utterly masterful. Using her calm and loving style, along with a major dose of firmness, mother finally laid down the law with the inconsiderate Bobby. I didn't think she had it in her, but she surprised me. I have to admit, though, that's not what surprised me the most.
What surprised me the most was the way Mom took control of the situation in such a determined way. He'd pushed her too far, for too long. And, literally overnight, she'd decided to punish Bobby in a way that stunned and delighted me to no end.
She gave him a choice that was simple to understand -- either move out, or stay home and accept her punishment. She even offered him money to get him an apartment, and offered to help move his stuff out. I was sure he was going to take it. She was completely up front and honest with him about how difficult and distasteful the punishment would be if he elected to stay. Initially, Mom didn't give him the exact details of the punishment, but, she warned him it would be rough. I heard what she said to him and believe me, the words she used left no question in Bobby's mind that the punishment would be something he would never forget -- probably the hardest thing he'd ever endured up to now.
My poor little brother agonized over his decision. He even cried in front of us and seemed honestly sorry and apologetic for his behavior in the past. However, his apology came way too late. I think Mom appreciated his regret, but, she stood her ground and made him choose: move out, or, stay and be punished.
In the end, Bobby reluctantly accepted Mom's punishment and at that point, she explained the details of how he would be punished. He sat there, stone-faced, while Mom told him what was going to happen to him..... losing all his privileges and his right to privacy, losing all his clothes....... about the spankings, the nudity, wearing bras and panties -- all that. Then, if that wasn't bad enough, Mom told him I would be an equal partner in administering his punishment. Within a few minutes of receiving the devastating news of the humiliation he'd be subjected to for a full seven days, he was immediately stripped of his clothes and ordered to stand in front of us naked so we could begin his punishment by an embarrassing examination of his genitals -- a full, hands-on examination by both my mother, and by me.
Personally, I wasn't adequately prepared to see my little brother's cock. I guess I expected to see an averaged size penis for a young man his age, but, nothing could have prepared me to see what was under his boxer shorts -- the thick tool that hung between his legs. It was amazing.... beautiful and stunning in a way that made me gush inside my panties. It was literally every girl's dream penis.
My mother showed tremendous restraint and composure seeing her son naked, and even when he stood in front of us as his erection grew and strained out from his body, Mom seemed to hold it together remarkably well. She told him not to be concerned about his erection, telling him to accept the fact that he'd be exposed in front of us for the next seven days.
When Mom examined him, she held his testicles in the palm of her hand and wrapped her fingers around his thick shaft and held his penis. But, amazingly enough, she didn't do much more than that. Perhaps she was took pity on him because of his embarrassed state, or maybe she held back because I was sitting there watching every move she made.
Fortunately for my brother, Mom was sitting right next to me when it was my turn to examine him. Had she not been there, I'm not sure I could have resisted the urge to give my brother's cock the examination of a life time. Maybe I'd even slide that beautiful cock into my mouth and give it a nice long suckjob, followed by me throwing him down on the carpet and sliding my wet, wanton pussy down on top of his majestic member and riding him until I passed out from exhaustion.
By now, though, it was starting to get late in the afternoon and we still had so much more to do. When Mom mentioned she wanted Bobby to try on the bras and panties we bought for him at the mall, I felt another small flood of warm, slippery juice escape between my lower lips and further wet my panties, which, I knew were already dripping wet by now. Every time I moved I could feel the wet material against my crotch and I kept thinking I ought to find a reason to slip away for a few minutes so I could change them.
I was about to tell Mom I'd be right back when she announced we had to get rid of Bobby's erection before he tried on his new lingerie. Ushering both Bobby and I into the kitchen, she told me she wanted me to watch what she did so I could do it myself when it was necessary. Then, reaching into the refrigerator, she pulled out a plastic bin filled with folded washcloths and chilled water. Setting it by the sink, she picked up one of the washcloths, rung out most of the water over the sink and turned to look at my little brother.
"From what I read on the internet last night," Mom said, looking up at Bobby and pointing to his still very erect cock, "this is the fastest way to get rid of an unwanted erection, Sweetheart. I'm not going to try to fool you, it'll be a serious shock to your privates, but, I can't have you waving that thing around at your sister and me for the next several hours."
She took a minute and explained to Bobby that we'd probably allow his erections for ten or fifteen minutes at a time, but, she felt it would be better to get rid of them if they lasted longer than that. "If you can get them to go down yourself, then you can avoid the cold washcloth." Mom added. "But, if not, we'll help you."
After saying that, Mom moved forward a few steps and kneeled down in front of my little brother. Reaching up with the wet, cold washcloth in her hand, she carefully wrapped the cold cloth around his balls and folded the loose end around his shaft. Bobby almost jumped out of his skin when he felt the coldness of the washcloth envelop his cock and balls. "Stay still." Mom said to him. "This shouldn't take long."
Mom was exactly right. In a matter of ten seconds, my little brother's cock began to shrink and in less than twenty seconds, he was completely flaccid. "See?" Mom said, looking up at me. "It's as easy as that."
It was clear to me that the sudden shock of the cold washcloth was physically very uncomfortable for Bobby, but, he stood there like a trooper and endured it until his erection subsided. I'd always heard stories about a guy taking a cold shower to cool himself off, and never thought much about it. But, this seemed to work well, despite Bobby's obvious discomfort.
Believe it or not, now that Bobby's hard-on was gone, he seemed to be more at ease standing in front of us naked. For me, though, I was staring at his soft penis thinking what an amazing thing it was to see his cock grow from the way it was now, to the powerful rod it became when he was hard. I knew it was the male physiology that made it all happen the way it did, but, I was completely mesmerized by the process and I was wishing I could hold him in my hand and feel him go from soft to hard. I made a mental note to try that when I was bathing him later.
I told Mom I needed to go pee, and as soon as I did, Bobby looked at Mom and said he needed to go, too.
"Sandra, why don't you go back to my bathroom and I'll take your brother into the hall bathroom so he can go." Mom suggested. "Then, you can stay with him so I can go, too, and then we'll have him try on his new bras and panties to see what fits and what doesn't."
I stopped off in my room to get a new pair of panties to change into. Opening up my panty drawer, I selected a pair of plain cotton panties thinking they would better absorb the massive amount of pussy juice I was sure I was leaking, and when I got to Mom's bathroom, I was glad I did. The silky blue bikini panties I was wearing were completely soaked through the crotch panel, turning them dark blue from the thick, slippery girl juice I was leaking. I could see little blotches and pools of my shiny vaginal lubrication on the small cotton gusset, and shuddered when I felt the weight of the wet panties in my hand when I took them off. Obviously, I couldn't have worn them much longer without the wetness seeping through onto my shorts and probably creating a situation where both my mother, and my brother, would have seen or smelled my excitement.
I dropped my worn panties into my laundry hamper on the way back to find Mom and Bobby. They were still in the hall bathroom when I heard them, and, I stopped just short of the door and eavesdropped on them from out in the hall.
"We're going somewhere tomorrow?" Bobby asked.
"Uh huh." Mom answered. "I'll let you wear your boy clothes, like I said, but you'll have to wear a bra and some panties underneath."
"Are you going to tell me where we're going?" Bobby asked her.
"No." Mom replied. "But, I already told you I wouldn't subject you to more than I thought you could handle, and believe it or not, I meant it when I said I loved you and I'd never do anything that would cause you any lasting problems."
"Come on, now, Sweetheart." Mom added. "We've been standing here for almost five minutes. I thought you said you had to go?"
Bobby told her it wasn't the easiest thing in the world to do with his mother standing there holding his penis and watching him, waiting for him to pee. She simply answered that he better get used to it because for the next seven days, either she, or I, would be doing this exact same thing for him.
"You've been good so far today." Mom said. "I'd like that to continue, and if it does, I promise your sister and I will give you a really nice reward tonight as a 'Thank You Gift' for your good behavior."
"And as far as that goes," Mom softly added, "I'd like nothing more than to be able to reward you every night. If you're really good through the day..... and I mean really good, Sweetheart, your sister and I just might give you a special reward that you won't have to wait until nighttime for. But, you have to be especially good to deserve that."
There was a bit of silence and then I heard Bobby start to pee. "See there." Mom said in her motherly tone, "I knew you could do it."
As Bobby peed, I heard him tell her he was sorry for everything he'd done in the past. He seemed sincere, even saying he knew he deserved to be punished and wasn't trying to get out of it. He told her he'd try hard to do what we told him to do.
"I appreciate that, Son." Mom told him. "I can already see a change in your attitude and that makes me very happy. But, you have to finish your punishment -- all seven days of it, that's the only way you're going to learn your lesson."
When Bobby was finished peeing, I heard some whispering for a minute or two but I couldn't hear what they were saying to each other. The whispering ended with Mom telling him he needed to try on his bra and panties, warning my little brother ahead of time that she expected him to do it cheerfully and cooperate. About that time, I walked into the bathroom.
"Did I miss it?" I asked. "Did he go?"
Mom looked up at me and grinned. "Next time, you can take him, Dear." Mom answered. "It took him a minute to relax enough to go, but, he'll get used to that. Just be sure you point him down into the bowl and hold him lightly."
"So, it's time for the bra and panty show?" I asked, grinning up and Mom and giving my brother a demure smile.
"Indeed." Mom said, chuckling, "Hopefully, he'll be good."
Mom asked me to get the bags of bras and panties I'd hidden in my room and meet the two of them in Bobby's room. When I'd gotten the bags and walked into my brother's room, Mom took them from me and dumped them out on Bobby's bed.
"Let's separate them out into sets." Mom said. "Leave the tags on for now, just in case we need to return something."
Mom and I busied ourselves laying the bras and panties out on Bobby's bed in sets, arranging them so we could see them all. It was pretty clear that Mom bought more than the seven bras and panties she was supposed to buy, so by the time we were done, we had twenty sets of lingerie laid out for Bobby to try on. I opened the package of cotton, little girl style panties and laid each of the cute bikinis out along with one of the training bralettes I'd found. They looked so innocent lying there, but, I knew seeing my brother dressed in the little girl underwear would elicit a strong reaction -- at least from me.
I caught Bobby's eyes staring at the crotch-less panties and peek-a-boo bra Mom found, and I could just imagine what was going through his mind as he looked at them. Humorously, I guessed he was wondering why a guy would wear crotch-less panties since he'd just be hanging out of them. And, he was probably right -- but that wasn't the point. The point was, not only would he be embarrassed to wear them, but, the added humiliation of wearing something so ultra feminine, and overtly sexual would add to his discomfort. What I really wanted to see, though, was that beautiful cock rising out from his crotch while he wore them.
Just to make it easier, Mom suggested we start at the left side of the bed and work our way across to the right, making Bobby try on each bra and each panty. We started with one of the training bralettes -- the pink one, and the pink cotton little girl panties I picked out for him. The panties had these cute little kittens on them and the bralette matched the color of the panties almost perfectly. When I picked up the bralette, I could see the look of obvious anxiety in my little brother's eyes.
Mom told Bobby he needed to pay attention so he'd know how to adjust the straps and put the bra on correctly. I stood close to him and showed him how to adjust the straps and how the clasp worked on the back. Then, wrapping the bra around his waist, I clasped the bra on the middle set of hooks and slid it around his body so he could put his arms into the straps. Once he'd slipped his arms in, I pulled the bralette up his chest and wiggled it into place.
I was a taken aback at how nicely he filled out the stretchy bralette. I guessed at the size when I bought it, and apparently, I guessed right. It fit him snugly; it wasn't too tight and I could easily slip my fingers down into the thin cups over his nipples. The straps weren't tight, either, and it was a good fit - not too tight and not too loose. Amazingly enough, the thin material of the bralette hugged his chest perfectly, giving him the appearance of having AA or even A size breasts. In as much as I thought it was a really nice fit, what really hit me, though, was how wonderful it looked on him. He was absolutely breathtaking.
"Try the panties." Mom said, holding them out to me. Kneeling down in front of him, I silently hoped they would be perfect, too.
The panties fit him okay, but, there simply wasn't enough material there to hold his cock in. Even when I tucked his soft cock over to the side, it bulged out so much I thought it was going to be too uncomfortable for him to wear. But, to my surprise, when Mom asked Bobby how they felt, he said they felt "Pretty good".
When Mom stepped forward and placed the palm of her hand on his groin to check the fit, he started to get hard and a few seconds later, Mom reached into the cotton panties and adjusted his growing erection so it lay against his belly with the head of his cock poking out the top of the waistband.
"As long as he's soft, those will be fine." Mom said. "And the bra fits well, too."
I looked up at my brother to see a very pronounced blush spreading across his face and chest as he looked back at me. I completely understood why he was blushing, but, the more I looked at him dressed like that, the more I loved the way he looked. Maybe it was the innocence of the training bralette, or maybe it was the soft pink color of the bra and panties put together. Whatever it was, I liked it.
Mom said she was going to run down into the kitchen to get the washcloth bin out of the refrigerator since we couldn't keep trying on panties if his cock kept getting hard. As soon as she left, I immediately stepped up next to Bobby and took the liberty of pulling the cute little panties down his thighs and firmly grasping his erection. Stroking him hard and fast like I saw Mom doing when she examined him down stairs in the living room earlier, I smiled up at my little brother and told him I was looking forward to seeing him dressed in all the pretty bras and panties we'd so thoughtfully bought for him.
"If you're interested," I whispered to Bobby, "maybe I'll let you try on some of my panties. I bet they'll fit you perfectly."
Bobby's cock lurched in my hands and he snapped his head up and looked at me. "So, you like that idea, huh? Wearing your big sister's panties and maybe playing dress up with me for a little while?"
"You're just trying to keep me excited so I stay hard until Mom gets back from the kitchen." Bobby answered.
"That's true, little brother." I confessed with a sly grin on my face. "But, all you have to do is tell me you wouldn't like to do that and I'll never bring it up again."
Bobby didn't say anything as we looked at each other for several more seconds. "Uh huh. That's just what I thought." I finally said. "I'd kinda like that, too."
Then, looking directly into my little brother's eyes, I squeezed his cock again and watched his eyes close as he stood there, letting me feel his girth grow firmer in my hand. It was difficult to keep from doing more, but, I didn't want to push it this early in his punishment because I wanted Bobby to see me as being on his side -- rooting for him to finish his punishment successfully.
"You know," I said, "you made the right decision. About taking the punishment, I mean."
"I can't imagine what's going through your head right now," I added, as I released his cock from my grip and tenderly stroked his organ up and down, "but, you have to be strong, Bobby. You have to look at the next seven days as a test...... a test of your willingness to admit what you did was wrong. And, if you're going to convince me and Mom that you're really sorry for the way you behaved, you're going to have to go along with everything. You get that, right?"
"I know." Bobby replied. "It's just that..... uh....."
"It's what?" I asked.
"Sandra, you have no idea how humiliating this is for me." Bobby answered. "If you guys do everything Mom said you were going to do, don't you think that's a little excessive?"
I told Bobby I understood. Then I reminded him of all the cruel things he'd done to us and the way he treated us since Dad died. I reminded him about what he did to Mom's car and how he stole money from our purses. I went into detail, recalling a whole list of things he'd done to deserve being punished.
"Bobby, the whole idea of this punishment is to make it so distasteful for you that you'll regret what you did and never even think about treating us like that again." I explained. "We have to make this unbearably hard for you, otherwise, who's to say you won't try the same thing in the future?"
We looked at each other while I let that thought sink into his head and then said something that caused my little brother to really stop and think.
"Look," I added, "you have seven days of difficult punishment coming. You're not going to make it through if you don't accept the situation and trust us. I promise you'll get through this if you'll just have some faith. I know that might seem impossible to do right now because you feel we're being unfair. But, can you at least try to trust us? I promise I won't let you down."
A small smile turned up at the edges of Bobby's lips and he nodded his head. About that time, I heard Mom's foot steps bounding up the stairs so I let go of his straining cock and quickly reached down to pull his panties back just as Mom stepped into Bobby's room.
"Okay, those are keepers." Mom said as she pointed to the panties Bobby was wearing. "Sandra, take those off of him so we can cool him down and try the next set on."
You know, there was something about the way those little girl panties and the bralette looked on him that really excited me. The combination of knowing they were meant for a little girl.... the cute pattern on the cotton panties and the thin material of the bralette, that made him look incredibly appealing and lovable. If it had been me, I probably would have made Bobby twirl around and bend over so I could look at him from all those angles and I would have found a reason to check the fit several more times just so I could touch him while he was dressed like that.
And, oh Gawd...... that thick, gorgeous cock of his was hard and poking up out over the waistband of those pink panties, and it cried out to be adored. I wanted to reach out and feel him all over -- to run my hands over the bulge where his balls were tightly nestled and then trace my fingers up his shaft and encircle the head of his penis with my fingers. Mom ruined my fun, though, by insisting we had to cool him off and try on the rest of his new lingerie.
So, that's what we did for the next hour and a half. Bobby tired on all his bras and panties while we assisted him with all the straps and the different kinds of clasps and panties. We taught him how to put his bras on and after the first few, he got it down pat. Mom and I both made comments with each of the sets he tried on. I was surprised when Mom started talking to him like she might talk to her daughter trying on clothes, using words like 'beautiful', 'pretty' and 'sweet'. She told him he looked cute when he blushed, even telling him that "Mommy was so proud of him."
I hadn't heard her refer to herself as 'Mommy' for a long, long time, but, her use of the word fit in perfectly with what we were doing and I think it heightened his awareness of what was happening to him by using the words she chose.
Amazingly, Mom touched him very little. Yes, she checked the fit of every piece he put on, but, she didn't touch his bare penis much at all. Since I was usually helping him with his panties, I got to be the one who adjusted his cock inside each pair of panties, so I got to touch him a lot, and when Mom wasn't looking, I made sure I snaked my fingers across the sensitive areas of his cockhead as much as I could. Of course, Bobby knew I was doing this on purpose, but I don't think Mom picked up on it.
Just like you'd imagine, he got constant erections -- with every new pair of panties he'd start getting hard again. He got so many hard-ons, Mom and I went through all the washcloths Mom brought up and we had to go get more cold water to soak them in. And, while he tried each bra and panty set on and modeled them for us, my own panties got wetter and wetter. Honestly, I didn't care after a while. He was getting erections at the rate of one every five minutes, and there's only so much of that a girl can take.
I got to see his cock go from soft to hard many times, and each time it happened, I watched him closely to see what exactly occurred -- how his cock transformed from being a flaccid, tranquil penis to a powerful, impressive erection. I learned two things I felt would be important pieces of knowledge for the future, and that was: 1) he was more likely to get erect quicker if he touched the bras and panties himself before he was dressed in them, and, 2) the longer he wore them and the longer we looked at him and touched him, the harder he'd get.
As he tried all of it on, I still couldn't get the image of Bobby in the bralettes and the little girl cotton panties off my mind -- they were my favorites on him. After I thought for a minute, I finally put my finger on it..... exactly why I liked the bralettes and cotton panties the best. It was simple - in all the other sets we bought, he looked like my brother dressed in lingerie. But when he tried on the bralettes and the cotton panties, his appearance was more of a boy dressed as a girl. And, although all of the bras and panties were cute and drew varying degrees of blushes from my little brother, the cotton panties and the bralettes looked so darling on him, and I couldn't stop thinking about him wearing them.
The other set I truly loved was the crotch-less panties and peek-a-boo bra my mother picked out. They were nothing short of absolutely slutty. The way Bobby's balls hung down between the slit of the crotch-less panties and the way his cock stretched out as he modeled them was something I wish we could have photographed. As I looked at him wearing them, I drew in a gasp of air thinking how perfect they would be after his bikini wax tomorrow. The absence of his pubic hair would highlight his bare, white skin against the black lace and deliver the most amazing image of a well hung man, perfectly hairless, wearing a pair of crotch-less panties. I imagined him standing in them with his magnificent, hairless cock perfectly framed in the black lace, straining up and throbbing for me to touch. It made me start to leak again.
When we were done trying all Bobby's bras and panties on him, everything fit except one bra and panty set Mom bought. We put those back in the bag and, surprisingly enough, Mom let Bobby pick out the bra and panty set he wanted to wear while we made dinner and before I gave him his bath. He picked the ones that looked the most masculine -- the microfiber boyshort set I picked out, and as Mom dressed him in them, she told him we'd dress him again after his bath in something attractive for his spanking.
Until today, the idea of a man wearing panties, especially the idea of my little brother wearing panties, had never crossed my mind and I would have considered it very effeminate for a male to do so. Sure, I'd heard jokes about men wearing panties and even seen pictures on the internet of guys wearing panties, but, it was so far removed from the truth as far as I was concerned, I never paid any attention to it. But now, after buying his panties and seeing them on him, it tweaked a part of me I knew I couldn't ignore. Being honest with myself, I knew this was something new and marvelous I'd have to explore -- either with my little brother, or with someone else who was open to it.
I hoped I could craft a bargain with Bobby when his punishment was over so he'd let me continue to dress him up and see him wearing them, and I was completely willing to let him see me in my bras and panties. I was even willing to let him have my worn panties -- if that's what he wanted, or let him wear my clean ones if that's where his panty interests were.
In all, I have to say Mom's idea of dressing Bobby in bras and panties opened a door for me I knew I'd have to walk through. As far as I was concerned, from now on, any man I was serious about would need to be willing to wear panties for me. Of course, I'd never put him in a position to be embarrassed or humiliated in front of his friends or mine, and I'd always keep it just between us. But, judging from the way it excited me to dress my brother up and see him wearing frilly, girly underwear, I knew I'd been introduced to something I'd never be able to walk away from.
Before she left Bobby's room, Mom told Bobby to get some scissors and start cutting all the tags off his lingerie carefully and bring them downstairs to put in the washing machine. Then turning to me, she asked me to supervise what he was doing while she excused herself to go to the bathroom.
I giggled to myself as she walked away knowing full well what she'd discover when she lowered her panties to sit down on the toilet. If her panties were anything like mine, they'd be sopping wet. I got a little jolt of excitement between my legs thinking about Mom being turned on by my little brother.... her own son..... and quite frankly, I began to wonder which of us -- Mom or me - would be first to step outside her rules and do something outright sexual with Bobby.
If she brought the subject up, I promised myself I'd find a way to let her know that she had my full blessing to proceed without any objections at all. In return, I hoped she'd allow me the same.
Bobby and I eyed each other as he carefully removed the tags from the bras and panties Mom and I bought for him at the mall. With Mom was out of the room, it gave me another chance to talk to him privately. But I let that opportunity pass, for now, hoping he'd be the one to say something to me.
I didn't have to wait long before Bobby glanced over at me, and, referring to our previous conversation in the living room, asked me why I thought he had an interest in panties.
After I stopped laughing, I came right out and told him we'd found the panties he stole from me and Mom in his drawer while we were boxing up all his clothes from his room.
"Shit." Bobby said, dejectedly. "You mean she knows I had her underwear?"
"Uh huh." I answered. "But, don't tell her I told you that because I think she's hoping you'll come clean and make a confession sometime during your punishment."
"Which, by the way...." I added, "I strongly recommend you do. You might find there's a benefit to anything you confess, along with receiving immunity for whatever you've done."
"Immunity, huh?" Bobby answered with a sarcastic chuckle. "That sounds like something from one of those reality TV shows."
"Laugh if you want," I replied, "but, anytime you can get forgiveness for something you've done and avoid the punishment for it, I'd say that's worth considering."
"Was she pissed off about the panties?" Bobby asked me.
"I don't think so." I said truthfully. "But, I think it's fair to say she and I both know there's something about panties that turns you on -- we just don't know exactly what it is yet, or, how far it goes. Plus, the amount of hard-ons you got while you tried on your lingerie was enough to prove you've got some kind of panty fetish, little brother. So, you're already busted and if I were you, I'd think about it carefully. When the time comes, I'd speak up about swiping the panties and make a complete confession. And that means everything, Bobby...... tell us how long you've been doing it, what you do with them..... every lurid and nasty detail. You better be ready to make a complete confession."
"So, is that what prompted you to offer me that deal earlier?" He asked. "That mutually beneficial arrangement you eluded to?"
"Absolutely." I replied firmly. "But, we don't have time to talk about that now, and I don't think it would be good if Mom overheard us talking about it, either. I'll just say this, though...... in return for certain things, I'd be happy to help you satisfy all your panty fetish desires. Let's leave it at that, for now, and we can discuss it at length when we get the chance."
"I'll tell you one more thing," I added quickly, "I've already had to change my panties once today because they were sopping wet after seeing you naked and holding that cock of yours in my hands. I expect Mom's in there right now changing her panties, too."
I sat on his computer desk chair and watched while he continued to snip the tags off his bras and panties. He didn't look at me for a bit, but when he finally did, he shrugged his shoulders and started to speak.
"Look...uh..." Bobby mumbled, "I know there's nothing I can say to get out of this, so I'm not even going to try. But, I'm gonna take your advice. I'll go through whatever you and Mom have planned for me. And, by the way..... yes, I do trust you."
"Thank you." I answered. "But, Bobby. Let's be honest with each other, okay? If you take a minute and think about it, you've got an amazing opportunity here. There are two women right here in your own house that think you've got the most beautiful cock on the face of the planet. What guy your age has that kind of opportunity? If you play your cards right, this could be the greatest seven days of your life. Who cares if there's a little embarrassment or humiliation along the way? And besides, Mom loves you too much to let anything bad happen to you. You know that."
"If you were smart," I added, "you'd just do everything you were told as cheerfully and willingly as possible, and you'd go out of your way to be nice, considerate and obedient. If you did that, I think you'd be rewarded so much, you'll actually enjoy the next seven days."
I could see my little brother was thinking about what I just said. I might have let the cat out of the bag, but, he was going to discover that himself in a day or two, anyway -- I was absolutely confident of that. At least this way, though, he'd have a reason to stick with the punishment and he'd see I was right if he played along. I knew mother was experiencing the same feelings I was. I could tell it in her eyes and the way she'd been staring at his cock. I also suspected she wouldn't be able to hide it very much longer. I suspected she wanted his cock as much as I did and I knew it was just a matter of time before one of us admitted it. Hopefully, my kid brother was smart enough to read between the lines and he'd just do what he was told and sit back and enjoy his rewards.
When Mom came back from the bathroom, she stood next to him and watched as he snipped more tags from his bras and panties. Turning to look at me, she asked if I'd go down and get started on dinner while she helped him with the last of the tags. I knew there would be times she'd want to talk with him alone, so I got right up and went down to the kitchen and started to preheat the oven and get out what we needed.
I was tempted to sneak up and listen to what they were saying, but, I knew it would be bad if she caught me, so I forced myself to stay busy.