Copyright © June 2020 by CiaoSteve
CiaoSteve reserves the right to be identified as the author of this work.
This story cannot be published, as a whole or in part, without the express agreement of the author, other than the use of brief extracts as part of a story review.
This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons.
Author's Notes
Foreword #1: All sexually active characters in this story are over 18.
Foreword #2: This is a story and intended purely for pleasure.
Foreword #3: This is an entry for the 2020 Nude Day Contest. I hope you enjoy it. If you feel like leaving a vote, I would appreciate it.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
"Naughty dreams, Trevor?" I whispered, placing a hand on the bulge in his pyjamas.
I had a habit of waking up before the alarm clock and would often turn it off, instead using my seductive charms to arouse my darling husband. It was much more exciting than having an electronic beep blast its shrill chirp into the still of the morning. It was a different type of chorus I wanted to hear, one full of passion and satisfaction.
"Let me take care of it for you, darling. You can't go to work like this, can you?"
I ran a leg across his hips, feeling his morning wood press firmly into my thigh. Oh yes, that was just what I needed, something long and hard to satisfy my carnal desires.
Every morning was the same. I would wake first, and stare across at my darling husband. Whilst some awoke relaxed and refreshed, for me it was the opposite. Each night my cravings would build, and I would wake with the same insatiable need... a need to be touched, to be caressed, to be seduced, to be fucked.
"Not today, darling," his uninterested voice responded, eyes barely open as he lay next to me.
I could have narrated the words in my sleep, they were so predictable. Every morning was the same. I'd wake him with my most seductive charms, but they always fell on deaf ears. My heart would pound with desire, fires smouldering deep inside, yearning to be stoked into life, but all I got was the verbal equivalent of a bucket of cold water.
It was like Groundhog Day. My mind was set on a good fucking, and his... well, I wasn't sure what he was thinking about, but it certainly wasn't getting up close and dirty with his darling wife. Of course, I was exaggerating. There was the odd occasion when he took me by surprise, responding in a more positive way. These were few and far between though, but I made sure I took full advantage when the chance arose. I loved to be on top, to control the pace... fast, slow, shallow, deep, however I wanted. Oh yes, those mornings were the best, the dawn chorus drowned out by a more carnal symphony. If only, he wanted it as often as I did.
I lay there in the bed, my heart heavy with disappointment, as he slipped out from under the duvet. Today... well I could add the notch to the many others... another mark of unfulfillment.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The door slammed shut. I could almost feel the shockwave shoot up through the house, signalling I was alone once more. It had become the new norm. Every morning I would wake with that one thing on my mind, and on the majority of mornings I would end up here, leant up against the window, watching my darling husband head off for another day at the office.
It was my favourite place in the house. The full-length window, looking out over our quiet backwater of a street, had been boxed out to make a cute alcove. The previous owners had then filled the lower portion with a knee-high seat, soft cushioning sitting on top of storage drawers. Add a scatter cushion or two and you had the perfect place to watch the world go by. It was what drew me to the house in the first place, my secret viewing seat. OK, well it wasn't really a secret, but I could keep an eye on goings on without making myself obvious. Unless you were actively looking, you wouldn't notice that somebody was watching you from up there.
I had pulled back the thin curtains and sat down with my back against the cool plaster side of the recess, knees raised and feet up on the seat. My mind was filled with reticent disappointment as I watched him walk away into the distance, early morning sun casting shadows from the rooftops.
It hadn't always been like this. When we first married—another three years and we'd be racking up silver—he wouldn't have been able to keep his hands off me. Even in my early forties I still felt good. I had long since taken to frequenting the gym, several times a week, to keep my shape. Okay, so some things you cannot avoid. There were a few stretch lines, a lasting reminder of a child who had already flown the nest, and the effects of gravity had resulted in a certain droop to a fuller bust. Oh, and yes, I did tend to colour my hair—a caramel brown, shoulder length wavy bob was flavour of the month—but other than that, I considered myself to be the same youthful woman who had walked down the aisle all those years ago.
I saw myself as being attractive, being desirable, being fuckable. Damn, there I went again. All I could think about these days was getting a good fucking, or more so, not getting one. It was so frustrating. There was a word for people like me, for mothers who, in the eyes of others, still had it aplenty. It was just Trevor who didn't always recognise the same.
For sure, I had the same carnal needs. No, that was wrong. My needs were now greater than ever before. The problem was... well... there was no easy way of saying it. He'd lost his interest.
Shit! That was no way to talk about my darling husband. I still loved him but love itself was becoming ever rarer. He'd taught me everything I knew, and now yearned for. If you'd suggested to me before we'd got married that sex could be so good, I would have laughed in your face, but for sure it was. I hadn't ever imagined there could be so many ways to enjoy yourself.
All I had to do was close my eyes and I could imagine my body shuddering as another huge orgasm hit. I guess that was the problem. It was now mainly imagination. Don't get me wrong, I still loved my husband, the happiness he had given me and the financial comfort which had come with his successful career. Yes, with hindsight, success was the problem. Over the years he had become more and more successful in his professional life.
They say success breeds success. What they don't tell you is that success kills intimacy. All he could think about these days was getting back to work and striving to achieve even more. My kicks still came from the most natural desires, whilst his were formulated in the boardroom. Any other wife might wonder if he was having an affair, but somehow the thought never crossed my mind. Trevor wouldn't do such a thing.
I wouldn't either, of that I was sure.
I sat there, my mind reflecting on where our lives had gone. Morning, night, it was always the same. The negligees used to turn him on, or maybe it was my ample bust and sweet sex inside which got his pulse racing, but now he would be asleep before I even had time to get him all excited.
The mornings? Well, he would wake up more interested in getting back into the rat race than getting into my sweet little pussy. I'd give him the eyes, those irresistible puppy dog eyes, but to no avail. Even my most suggestive charms didn't register. I might have gotten a better response if I had been discussing spreadsheets rather than suggesting sex.
So, here I was once more, leaning up by the side of the window, wearing just what I had gone to bed in last night. I'd given up on making myself sexy, as it made no difference anyway. It wasn't like I had nothing to wear. I had shelves and drawers full of the sexiest garments you could imagine. They were... lost on my darling husband. This morning I sat there, in a full-length black cotton gown, comfortable yet so not exciting, peering through around the edge of the pulled back curtains onto yet another new day.
I watched as he walked down the path, opened the gate, and disappeared out into the street. Half an hour later and he'd be on his train, heading towards the office once more, and I... well, at least there was my little friend. It was either that or my fingers. Morning and night, I'd cum on the end of my little vibrator. Did he know? Did I care? I guess not anymore. It served a purpose but didn't quench a fundamental need.
It was on this very morning that I noticed him. No, not my husband. He was there every morning. That came as no surprise.
It was somebody else, standing in the shadows on the other side of the road, who caught my eye. I sat up a little more and stared out at him, trying to get a better view of what he was up to. I guessed he was around twenty or so, short dark hair and lanky in stature. What was so strange about a young lad idling away a few moments? Well, nothing, except that we didn't have any such lads living along our street, and he most definitely didn't look the sort to be joining the morning rush. So, what brought him out at this early hour of the morning, and why this street? I was still pondering the same as I made my way back to the marital bed.
"Well, Livvy, looks like it's just the two of us again," I muttered, reaching into a bedside drawer for my favourite toy.
He'd have gone mad knowing how much I paid for this white and purple bundle of pleasure but, if you asked me, every penny was well spent. 'LIV 2, a modern icon of personal pleasure, guaranteeing the most luxurious of climaxes.' That was what it said on the site. A girl's best friend... well, I had called mine Livvy, and we had become very friendly indeed.
First to go were my panties, black lacy ones, not that Trevor noticed. Next, I pulled my nightshirt up, bundles of soft dark fabric now draped across my midriff. A pillow under my hips gave a bit more elevation.
Slowly, I worked my fingers over my snatch, teasing at my meaty flaps, feeling dampness return once more. I dipped a finger inside and caressed my inner sex. Oh yes, even the simplest of touches sent excitement flooding through my body. With plenty of practice I knew exactly which buttons to press, alternating between clit and pussy to get my sweet juices flowing. It wasn't a moan though which left my lips, it was a sigh. A sigh of disappointment as the tell-tale buzz of that vibrator filled the bedroom once more.
I closed my eyes, feeling the tingle as the tip touched my aching sex. The rest was like clockwork, practiced to perfection as I sank the toy deep into my pussy before pulling it out once more. Slow, deep insertions, searching with the curved tip for that very spot. That spot which, when found, I couldn't resist but letting everyone know about it.
"Mmmm," I moaned as I hit the very spot. "Mmmm."
I was breathing heavily now, eyes screwed shut as I imagined it was my darling husband ravaging my sex and not a silicon encased toy. With one hand I worked the curved tip across my g-spot, moaning each time the vibrations hit that hidden bundle of sensitivity. I couldn't resist but play with my now hardened nipples, pinching each in turn with the fingers of my free hand.
"Yesss," I called out. "There, right there... mmmm."
I switched my focus from nipples to clit, drawing little circles over the nub of nerve endings, working myself into a carnal fervour as the fires built inside. I could see him now, my darling husband, working my sodden sex as I lay bound to the bed, restrained by hand and foot, unable to resist his torment. One day I would tell him of my fantasy, but at this very moment I was interested only in cumming, and boy how I came.
I stiffened as I felt the first wave build to breaking point, a squeal leaving my lips as pure euphoria flooded my body. Still though I worked my sex, now thrusting the vibrator in and out like the cock I imagined it being. The fingers over my clit were a blur of activity as I worked myself towards the big one. By now the room was filled with a solo symphony of moans and pants as I drew ever nearer the point of no return.
And then I did, a scream drowning out any other sound as I bucked on the bed.
I lay there, still, silent except for my panting breath. In my mind I could see Trevor looking over me, smiling, knowing just how he had taken me to yet another huge climax. In my mind I could see him... could see... could see them.
Them? Yes, somewhere in the distance, slightly out of focus, there was somebody else... somebody watching. Without a second thought, I found myself smiling back at the blurry image. Did he like what he saw? I certainly didn't mind the idea of him watching, or was it... was it the idea of him joining in? My thought went back to the lad in the shadows. Was he the blurry figure in my imagination? Had he been the one watching?
I struggled up from the bed, my legs weak from exertion, breathing still a little laboured, and my mind filled with the memory of my latest passionate release. I found myself, drifting back towards the window, this time kneeling upright in the middle of the seat. I stared out onto the street, wondering if the lad was still there.
He wasn't, but it didn't stop me wondering.
Why had he been there in the first place?
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
A few days later he was back, standing in those same shadows across the road from ours. I glanced out of the window, watching my darling husband disappear off for another day. No sooner had he turned the corner out of sight, than my attention turned towards the young lad. This time the morning light seemed a little brighter and I got a clearer view of him. It just reconfirmed my thoughts. He cannot have been any older than twenty, and most definitely on the lanky side. There was though something about him though, something intriguing, something beguiling, something which simply drew me to him.
What was he doing here? Why was he alone? Was he waiting for something, or somebody? But why now? Why so early in the morning?
I started to wonder, my mind taking on the role of a cunning detective as I pondered the mysterious stranger. There was something just a little strange about his behaviour, his mannerisms. I'd glance down at him, but his gaze would always be elsewhere, his eyes fixed somewhere down the road. I'd follow his line of sight but there would be nothing to see. Then the strange thing, whenever I returned my gaze to him, it was like... like... like he glanced away... intentionally not making eye contact.
Suddenly my mind flicked back to that image, the one as I lay there recovering from another climax, the one where my darling husband smiled down at me and somewhere in the background a blurry figure stood there. I wondered. Was he waiting, or was he watching?
I made to look away but didn't. In that instant, I caught his eye and smiled down at the lad. For a few seconds, time seemed to stand still, before the lad turned and left. He was a real enigma, a stranger in the shadows, his intent unknown but my mind convinced he wasn't just passing time.
The following day I was back at the window. This time I was not so much watching my husband on his way to work, I was looking... yes, I was actively looking for the young lad. He wasn't anywhere to be seen. Was I mistaken? Maybe he hadn't been watching me after all. There would be a most plausible, mundane reason why he had been there. My reaction surprised even me. Inside, my innermost feelings were tinged with just a touch of disappointment as I returned to my bed and my moment of 'me' time.
A few days later though, he was back. This time he seemed just a bit more confident as he stared up towards the window. Even when I smiled back, he didn't turn and flee. And so, it continued. With increasing frequency, he would be there, looking up at me as I watched my Trevor disappear into the morning rush.
I had become besotted with the young lad. Here he was, a total stranger, getting his kicks by spying on a married woman as she sat in her bedroom window. He was nothing more than a pervert; young, naïve, inquisitive, but still a pervert. I should have been picking up the phone and dialling the police, yet something inside told me not to.
For all I despised his actions—why should anyone think it was right to impose themselves on another's privacy? —there was just something else gnawing away at my conscience. The lad was showing me some interest, something my darling husband had long since forgotten to do.
Attention... it was what I wanted from Trevor, what I yearned for every morning. All Trevor needed to do was show a little interest. Trevor could admire my figure, comment about my clothes, or simply say he liked the way I looked. I'd done so much to keep myself for him, but I might as well have been invisible from the compliments he gave me. It didn't matter how I adorned myself. Frumpy, sexy, revealing, slutty, damn... even stark naked... the answer would be the same.
'Not now, darling,' had become his stock response.
Yet now I had an admirer. Admirer? I guess it would be better to call him a voyeur. I was sure it was me he was looking at, the young lad standing there in the shadows on those early mornings.
Should I report him, or should I...
I felt my heart skip a beat, a tingle of excitement inside as I pondered the alternative. What if I gave him something to stare at, something to... admire? It was all a bit of innocent fun, wasn't it? It's not like I was having an affair with the lad. All I was doing was giving him his morning kicks, staring an attractive older woman—yes, I don't mind blowing my own trumpet as, despite my years, I still thought of myself as being attractive—and at the same time I got what was missing. He got his morning excitement and I, well I got the attention I so craved, and with it my own thrills.
And so it continued. Most mornings he would be there, standing back in the shadows waiting for my appearance. I was becoming obsessed with the lad. It was no longer enough to be seen. I desired... needed... craved the feelings of being wanted.
I was becoming more and more adventurous. Instead of peering around the curtains, I would make sure they were tucked neatly behind me, leaving nothing to obscure his view. I'd even taken to turning on a bedside lamp, the dim light inside helping to illuminate the view I gave to my young voyeur.
Each day I took my chance, excitement now ruling my mind. From that sensible gown of the first morning, I had worked my way through my collection of nightwear. Long, strappy yet sleeveless came first, giving the lad a glimpse of bare shoulders and just a hint of deep cleavage. I made sure to lean forward a little, exaggerating my full bust as my heart pounded inside.
Yes, I knew the risk. Was it just a private audience down below? I would be as careful as I could, glancing up and down the street to make sure there was nobody else, but I was becoming infatuated with the idea of giving him a show. The more risqué the show, the more I wanted to do it.
Oh yes, over the mornings, I had worked my way from long, full opaqueness to short revealing sexiness, but always with a modicum of decency. I hadn't shown him anything more than a sexy clothes show. My latest was a lace trimmed negligee, the hem sitting just on my knees as I leant back in my window space. For sure that got his attention, the lad seeming to ogle my sexy frame.
It was so exciting, the feeling inside that another was getting his excitement just by watching me. It was so thrilling to feel this way. Without thinking, I took it to another level, sliding the hem slowly upwards. Inch by inch, I revealed my long legs to the young lad, not stopping until he had a full view of my black panties. It wasn't my intention but, in my mind, I couldn't help imagining the young lad easing them down and burying his head between my legs. Oh, yes, I could feel the tingle inside as his imaginary tongue worked my aching sex. That morning, it was my desire to satisfy that ache inside, which finally dragged me away from my window seat.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
My mornings had now gained another air of predictability, this time with a more satisfying regularity. Oh yes, Trevor was still the same. I would try it on, with all my seductive charm, knowing in advance that he would rebuke my approaches, and Trevor would never let me down. The difference though was that I was no longer getting disappointed. It was Trevor's missed opportunity rather than another morning of unsatisfied desire. I now had my stranger in the shadows to add just a little titillation to my otherwise unexciting life.
I did wonder whether Trevor would say anything. I was coming to bed each evening dressed in different nightwear, each outfit becoming just a little racier than the last. I had to, as there really wasn't time to change the next morning, or more to the point I didn't want anything to get in the way of me and my young voyeur. For all Trevor noticed anything, I might as well have gone to bed in the nude. He seemed unmoved by whatever I chose to wear.
My naughty side clicked into gear. How about I did turn in naked? Trevor would have to notice then, and if he didn't, it would certainly give my voyeur a most interesting view the next morning. My heart pounded at the idea of another man staring at my naked body, but I did have a reputation to look after. I shook my head. No, I couldn't do it, could I?
I pushed the thought to the back of my mind, only for it to resurface a few days later. There I sat, dressed in nothing more than a satin cami top and matching knickers, staring out of the window at my youthful audience. I just loved the sleek fabric up against my naked skin, not that it covered too much. My voyeur wasn't just getting a hint of cleavage, the low-cut gave a view of the deep valley between my full mounds. I couldn't resist a little shimmy, feeling the soft flesh wobble free within the loose-fitting top.
It was self-fulfilling. Every encouragement from down below, would send a flutter inside and I would respond with a little more tease and titillation. In turn, he would smile again, pushing me just a little further. Before I knew it, I was running my hands over my silk clad breasts, fingers emphasising their size. I couldn't help noticing how hard my nipples felt as I brushed over the top. Hidden from view, they stood to attention, hard nubs atop my ample breasts. Oh, how I wanted to feel his lips latch down and suck the sensitive nubs one by one into his warm mouth. I gave each a pinch, a tingle of excitement shooting out inside as pain morphed into pleasure.
Then I noticed him, or more to the point I noticed his reaction. The lad was smiling back at my every movement, but as I teased him with glimpses of my breasts—I had taken to pulling the silky fabric down, revealing ample flesh without showing anything indecent—I noticed for the first time that his hand had wandered lower down. Was my voyeur getting just a little excited inside his trousers? Was he trying to hide it from me, or could he just not resist giving it a little stroke?
It was a bit gloomy for sure, but I suspected he was gently rubbing his cock through the fabric of his jeans, and the thought alone got me all excited. I could feel a tingle in my loins, the tingle of desire. It had been so long since I'd had a real cock inside, and already I was dreaming of the same. Without thinking, I moved my hand down between my legs.
In my mind every movement was happening in front of me. Slowly, sensually, I popped open the button on his trousers and eased the zipper down. A thumb looped over both sides, I pulled both trousers and boxers downwards, watching as his manly cock sprang out.
"Yessss," I moaned as, in my imaginary world, I looked at his flagpole, standing to attention in front of me.
"Yessss," I moaned as, in the real world, I slipped my fingers into my knickers and caressed my damp lips.
I was smiling back at the lad, my legs now spread with my sex aching for relief. In my mind it was his cock, not a dainty finger, which forced its way into my hot pussy. It was his cock which rocked back and forth inside. It was his cock which pushed me closer and closer to the—
"Yessss," I screamed, as pleasure flooded my body.
My orgasm had come so quick it had taken me by surprise. The imagery alone, visions of a young stranger ravaging my sex with his virile manhood, had been a catalyst towards my needful relief. Every touch nudged me closer towards climax. The imagery consumed me so much that I never noticed the fires inside until they erupted like a volcano, pure pleasure spurting out in all directions.
I pulled my hand out of my knickers, licked the shiny juices from my fingers and simply sat there, breathing hard. I glanced down at my stranger. He was still there and, for sure, now he was rubbing at his concealed cock.
I blew him a gentle kiss, gave a little wave, and climbed down from the window seat. I would never know if he took himself over the edge or not, but the sheer idea of it turned me on. We may have been voyeuristic strangers, but this young lad was certainly kindling my innermost desires and I was most definitely enjoying them being kindled.
There was only one problem. I needed more. Being watched was exciting, but nowhere near as exhilarating as the real thing. I guessed I would just have to work on Trevor. Maybe that idea of slipping under the sheets with nothing on would do the trick.
There was only one way to find out.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I did everything I could think of to set the mood. I'd pulled the curtains part way closed, reducing the living room to a late evening darkness. The flicker of candles on the dinner table brough a soft glimmering glow to the room. Next was a little gentle, relaxing, music and then I waited for Trevor to reach home.
I knew better than to rush things. The night would be all about the build-up, a tender kiss as I took his coat and bag, gentle caresses as I served him his favourite dinner, and then a touch of footsie under the table. He didn't say anything, but I was sure he had noticed. I saw the smile on his face as he placed his cutlery down on an empty plate.
"I could get used to this, Cyn," he responded, licking the last remnants of gravy from his lips.
He hadn't called me Cyn for some time. Cynthia was my full name, but in our younger years this had become Cyn, albeit I always imagined a different spelling. I liked the name. In my mind I was his little Sin, to do with as he wished.
"Was that nice for you?"
"Yes, very good. Anything for dessert?"
"Oh, yes," I replied, a wicked twinkle in my eye. "There's plenty for dessert. Now, what do you fancy?"
I ran my foot up and down his trouser leg, teasing with my gentle touch as if to give him ideas. Trevor smiled and I waited for his suggestion to move upstairs. It wasn't quite how he responded, but the night was still young.
We snuggled on the sofa, my head resting on Trevor's chest, one arm behind his back and the other draped across his lap. Trevor ran his fingers through my hair and for a moment I closed my eyes. It was like it used to be. Before long I was running my own fingers along his thighs, matching him stroke for stroke.
It was more attention than I'd had in a long time, but if I was to get what I really wanted I was going to have to lead him to it. My heart was beating fast, this time more through nerves than through passion. I ran my fingers along his inner leg, tracing a line from the knee upwards. I smiled as my fingers ran across his groin. Did he twitch at my touch? Once more I repeated the same, then again, repeatedly until Trevor brought his hand down on mine. I was so expecting him to pull my hand away, but instead he just held it in place, resting over his covered manhood.
There was a sense of excitement inside. Was this to be the day?
"Shall we go upstairs?" I whispered, smiling back at him.
Moments later, I slipped under the duvet. The coolness of the cotton cover against my naked skin sent a shiver through my body, a shiver formed both from the chill itself and my inner excitement. I waited for Trevor to join me, hoping to feel his nakedness next to mine. Okay, so brushed cotton pyjamas were not what I had in mind, but I always thought that as much enjoyment came from unwrapping the present as came from receiving it.
I was only a couple of buttons down his top when Trevor took my hand in his.
"Thank you Cyn. That was a wonderful welcome home. Now, why don't you roll over. We can snuggle up together."
"But, I was thinking..."
My words tailed off. There was no point in protesting. A cuddle to sleep was more than I usually got, so that was a step forward. Reluctantly I rolled over and Trevor wrapped his arm around me. In no time at all, he was snoring lightly in the background.
He never even commented about my nakedness. Well, if Trevor never noticed, I knew somebody who would. My mind was set. Tomorrow, my young voyeur was going to get a real surprise. With that thought, I fell asleep.
The next morning, I didn't even bother with Trevor. There was no hand cupping his morning wood. There were no seductive charms trying to awaken the fires inside. He had his chance the night before and, true to form, he didn't take it. Now, it was somebody else's chance, somebody who I hoped was being truthful in the attention he had been giving me.
I sat on the edge of the bed, dressed in nothing but a silky kimono style gown, as I listened to Trevor getting ready for work. Listened? To be honest I was more listening to my conscience fighting with my heart, than listening to my darling husband. Was I about to make a huge mistake? What did it make me? Was it worth the risk? I had almost convinced myself not to go ahead with my little performance when Trevor announced his departure. Yes, that was it, an announcement with about as much emotion as you may find at the local railway station.
'We regret to announce that the 07:00 rat race express is running approximately five minutes late. The express, currently between bedroom and garden gate, is expected on platform one at 07:20.'
Yes, that summed things up. There was no 'missing you already' nor any 'can't wait to be back' and definitely no 'keep that sexy body for my eyes only.' If I was doubting myself, then Trevor had made my mind up for me. Whether he realised how he came across or not, I couldn't be sure. What I knew though, as I heard the front door close, was that I had a little surprise for my watcher in the shadows.
Moments later, I stood in the window, my gaze switching from watching Trevor to searching for the young lad. Predictably, he was there, waiting for me. What was different though was the confused expression on his face. I watched as he took a step forward. What was going through his mind? Over the days, he'd watched me go from comfortable housewife, dressed in a frumpy full nightgown, to sexy MILF fingering myself to an orgasm under the cover of silky cami-knickers. Now though, I'd returned full circle, standing there covered in an oriental style dressing gown.
I smiled back at him, then gave a little wave. My heart was pounding, knowing just what I was about to do. Slowly, one knee at a time, I pulled myself up onto the window seat, kneeling up in front of the glass. I glanced up and down the street to make sure there were no other prying eyes, and then reached down for the bow-tied sash around my waist.
Hesitating slightly—to be honest my hands were shaking through a combination of fear and excitement—I made sure he was watching, and then... then I pulled firmly at the end of the sash. At first there was nothing, then slowly, inch by inch, the silky belt started to move. It was like a slow-motion video, the loops of the bow growing smaller before the whole thing popped open. For a moment I held it there whilst I checked that my audience was still attentive, and then I let go of it.
Oh, how I wished I had a camera, to capture the look on his face as my gown fell open, revealing a full-length view of naked flesh. I couldn't help but glance down myself. A valley of side-boob framed a view down across my toned stomach and beyond. I couldn't see for myself but, somehow, I knew he would have a different view. Staring upwards, I knew the lad would have a good view of my shaven mound, following the line of my pussy lips as they appeared from between my legs, before petering out to bare skin.
I could almost feel the burn of his eyes running up the length of my body, before locking onto my eyes. I smiled back at him and then, with no hesitation this time, slid the gown over my shoulders. The silk kimono floated to the ground, leaving me kneeling there naked in front of the window.
Now to give him a little performance, a little seductive tease of just who he had been admiring for these weeks. I ran a hand across my naked flesh, caressing every inch of my huge mounds, tracking down across my torso, before delving between my legs. It was enough to tease, to get him all excited, but no more. I glanced down at the young lad. Oh yes, it was doing the trick. I could see in his eyes, the way they fixed on my sexy body and, by the position of his hand, that he was especially enjoying the view this morning.
In that moment I knew what I wanted, or more to the point who I wanted. It had been exciting to slowly reveal myself to my young voyeur, to tease him with ever decreasing amounts of coverage, or more so with ever increasing amounts of naked flesh. Now though, I had taken it as far as I could, but still I wanted more.
I wanted to watch him do the same.
I wanted the touch of his body up against mine.
I wanted to feel the relief as he slid his cock into my aching pussy.
The only question was how. Could I simply open the door and beckon him in? What did that make me? Desperate for sure, or had I become a slutty whore. Is that what he thought of me? Was I nothing more than a desperate whore, eager for my next cock?
Then, what if I read him wrong? What if he was nothing more than a voyeur, getting his kicks by watching, but with no intention of going any further. Had he led me on a merry dance? Had he led me anywhere? I had done all this for myself, the only encouragement needed being the idea that somebody was watching.
This was all about me and my needs. My young voyeur, well maybe he was just the means to an end. I stepped away from the window, my mind now awash with feelings. Guilt, excitement, fear, and most of all desire, battled to stake their claim. I pushed them to the back of my mind. Later I could consider my next steps, but for now I had an ache inside which I needed to take care of.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
I had it all worked out. He'd had three weeks of window shopping to make his mind up. If he didn't know now, he never would. I'd had a whole weekend to convince myself it was what I wanted.
Monday morning, I was a bag of nerves. I waited for Trevor to disappear and then, with trepidation, headed downstairs. There I stood, a gown over my night-time attire, with just a wooden door between me and my young voyeur. I was shaking as I reached for the handle.
There would be no turning back. It was time for him to make his mind up on what he wanted. I was offering it on a plate for the young lad and all he had to do was choose. If his decision was to turn and flee, then I would have my answer. If he came inside... well, then he would find out whether he was man or boy.
Slowly, I turned the handle. The cool of the morning air hit me, sending a shiver through my body. I glanced out, nervously looking for my young voyeur, and then it hit me. My heart dropped.
He wasn't there.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, in fact the whole week passed with no sign of the young lad.
I cursed myself. He'd used me. All he wanted was to get me naked, and now I had given him his satisfaction. I could imagine him now, boasting to his mates about this gullible older woman who couldn't stop herself taking her clothes off for him. She should have been old enough to know better. I could even imagine a queue forming outside, as everyone came to see the slutty whore, hoping for their own personal performance.
Oh, what had I done? I'd let my heart rule my mind and been taken in by dreams of rekindling lost loves. What do they say? If something looks too good to be true, it probably is. Now I was learning the same, the hard way.
Three weeks of excitement had ended abruptly, and I'd become a fool. From now on, it was back to my mundane, normal, expected life as a doting housewife. That needed to start today, with a trip to the shops. It was another predictability in my life. Friday was shopping day, just like the weekend was baking time, just like the evenings were... well, that just summed it up. The evenings were nothing anymore.
Bags in hand, I headed off to the shops. During the week I'd nip into the local independent stores, but Friday was the supermarket. It was the weekly shop, so I drove the few minutes to the store. To be honest it was only a fifteen minute walk, but I couldn't carry the bags back that far, not on my own. I parked the car and headed in, a bundle of shopping bags hanging onto the end of the trolley.
Shopping was such a chore. I could rack up the many reasons why the place depressed me. There were the packed aisles, and trolleys which had a mind of their own. Then you could guarantee that the thing you really needed would be out of stock. Oh, and yes, there was always that item you could never find; the one you bought once in a blue moon and they kept moving around the store. Of course, that was it. Those damn shopkeepers kept moving things around. It wasn't anything to do with me becoming forgetful in my later years.
Today was no different. Tapioca was the one. I didn't even like the stuff but, for some reason known only to him, Trevor had suddenly decided he wanted tapioca. There was some excuse about how he hadn't eaten it since his school days. If you asked me, there was a reason why you hadn't eaten it since then, but I was the dutiful wife and if he wanted tapioca, I was going to get him some bloody tapioca. The only problem was that I didn't know where the damn thing was hiding.
"Excuse me," I called out, trying to get the attention of a member of staff
Slowly, he pulled himself away from stacking the lowest shelf, stood up and turned around.
"You!" came my surprised reaction, finding myself staring at the familiar face of a tall lanky youth.
If I was surprised to find him working in this very supermarket, he had suddenly become petrified to find me confronting him. Maybe, it was to be expected. The naughty voyeur had suddenly got his comeuppance, just like when your mother caught you reading that top shelf mag. He didn't know where to look, and just stood there gawping at me.
"You do remember me, don't you... Archie?"
The one thing about this supermarket is that everyone wore a name badge. So now, assuming it was his name, my young voyeur had an identity.
"Yes, Miss. Sorry, Miss. I didn't mean to..."
"Didn't mean to what, Archie?"
"To look at you, Miss."
"You can drop the Miss bit. I'm not your teacher and haven't been a Miss for many years. I'm not upset about you watching me."
"You're not?"
"Well, I gave you something to watch, didn't I? Did you enjoy what you saw? Looking at you, I could be old enough to be your mum. Am I right?"
I'd obviously hit a nerve as his cheeks reddened with embarrassment.
"Yes," he responded, his voice taking on a nervous edge.
"How old are you, Archie?"
"Nineteen, well, nearly twenty."
"And is this how you get your kicks... watching older ladies take their clothes off... and then... then... then running away when they'd done it for you? Is that your thing, Archie?"
"I'm sorry. I see how it looks, but it wasn't... it wasn't like that."
"Oh, really? For three weeks you watch as I strip off for you, and then nothing. I bet you've been telling all your mates how you get her to take it all off."
"No, no, I haven't... I wouldn't... I couldn't. I watched because I liked to see you, not because you took your clothes off. You seemed to have... well... a confidence, a sort of... you knew what you wanted. I don't know how to say it, but I love an older woman, especially an older woman as attractive as you. That's why I watched you. As I said, I'm sorry if I upset you."
"Upset me? Yes, you sure upset me. Can you imagine just how much you did? Do I need to spell it out?"
"I don't understand. You said you didn't mind."
"I did. I said I didn't mind you watching, but I did mind what you did next."
"Next? I didn't do anything next?"
"Oh, Archie, you don't get it, do you? Should I ask your manager if he gets it. What do you think? Would he be able to explain?"
"No, no... you can't."
"Oh yes I can. There were lots of people I could have phoned, but I didn't. I trusted in you, and I'll give you a chance to explain. So, you can start by telling me why you ran."
"I didn't run. I was working nights for a few weeks, but now I'm on days. I would stop off on my way home from work, but these days I am going to work later. That's all. You've got to believe me."
For some reason I wanted to believe him. There was a sincerity in his reaction, in the way he needed to explain himself to me. Was I being gullible once more? Was I falling for his words just as I had fallen for his actions? I should have known better, but I was going to give him one more chance.
"Oh, and I need some tapioca. Do you know where it would be?"
"That's easy," he replied. "Aisle sixteen, about halfway down. Do you want me to show you?"
"Oh, that won't be necessary," I responded, a devious twinkle in my eye. "I think you can do better than that, Archie. How about you pick up a bag for me and bring it around on your way to work on Monday. I'll be in all morning, so pop by when you are passing. Then you can finish off explaining yourself, and you'd better make it good."
For some reason I had a spring in my step when I left the supermarket. Once more the ball was in his court. There would either be a knock on the door, or I would know for certain that he had been playing with me.
I couldn't wait to find out the answer.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Monday morning took an eternity to arrive but arrive it did. I had done nothing but think about Archie, wondering if he had the balls to go through with it, to deliver me a bag of tapioca and an interesting explanation.
Even having met the lad, there was something about him. Yes, I could have been his Mother, but I suspected it wasn't motherly love he was after, or at least I hoped it wasn't. The way he responded to meeting me, I guessed it would be down to me to prise it out of him, rather than the other way around. Is that what he liked, somebody dominant, who knew what they wanted and made sure they got it?
For sure, there was more I wanted than a stupid bag of tapioca. That was only a test, a reason to get him to my place, a chance to see what Archie was made of.
As usual, Trevor went off to work. I guessed he was totally unaware of what his darling wife might have planned. It was cheating, wasn't it? Well at least it would be if the lad showed up. To be honest, I no longer cared. If he wanted to keep me for his, then he had a funny way of showing it. I sat on my window seat and watched Trevor disappear into the morning rush.
Then, I changed. Oh yes, if Archie thought he was getting an easy ride then he had another thing coming. I might have been frustrated and desperate for the attention, but I certainly wasn't a pushover. If he was intent on bedding his older woman, then I was going to make him work for it. Don't get me wrong, I wanted it more than anything else, but there was just a bit of fun in the chase. He didn't know it yet, but if Archie wanted to be pleasured, then he had to make me happy first.
Now, how should an older woman dress? A long sleeve cardigan and an ankle length full skirt sounded about right. Yes, that was just how a mature woman should present herself. In my mind it was another test for the lad. Was he interested in me, or the clothes I wore, or to be more precise the clothes I didn't wear?
I sat back on the window seat and waited.
It was only half an hour or so but seemed like forever. One or two passed by the window, typical for our quiet street, but no sign of my Archie. I was beginning to think he had bottled it, when I saw a young lad hurry down the road. He was carrying a bag, and in it I guessed was my tapioca. For sure, it was Archie.
My heart skipped a beat as he stopped outside, hesitating before opening the gate. Unlike the other days, he never paid any attention to the window. He had something else on his mind.
There was a knock at the door. I so wanted to run down, open it, and pull him into my grasp, but that was not the plan. I waited for a moment or two before heading downstairs to answer the door.
"Hello Archie," I greeted the young lad. "Would you like to come inside?"
"Can I? I have your tapioca here."
"Yes Archie, and you can call me Cyn."
"Sin?"
"Yes, Cyn. It's short for Cynthia, but I much prefer Cyn. Sounds a bit naughty, doesn't it, Archie?"
"I guess so," he replied, a nervousness in his voice.
I headed into the kitchen, with Archie following on behind. It was a very functional kitchen, large and full of solid oak furniture. In the middle of the room a huge table dominated proceedings. I sat myself on one end of it, legs crossed one over the other, and stared back at the young lad.
"And you're a little naughty too, aren't you Archie?"
"I said I was sorry. I didn't mean to—"
"But you did. You liked looking at me, didn't you Archie. You just couldn't resist it, could you? Tell me Archie, tell me how it felt to spy on an innocent woman?"
"I wasn't spying... I was... well, just... watching."
"What's spying if it isn't watching?"
"I guess... it's just... you're beautiful Cyn."
"I bet you say that to all of them, all those other women you've been watching."
"There wasn't. Only you. I was telling the truth. You're beautiful, Cyn."
"A beautiful sin, now there's an idea. I wonder what kind of sin turns little Archie on. Is it when I show a little leg?"
Slowly, teasingly, I inched my skirt up over my knees, giving him plenty of bare leg to look at.
"You liked that didn't you Archie, when I shortened my nightie for you."
By now he was blushing, unsure quite how to read my actions. I didn't wait for any response.
"And then... when I showed you my panties. I saw how excited you got, standing there watching me. Would you like to see them again, Archie? Would you?"
Once more he simply stood there, dumbstruck as he watched me pull the skirt up higher, then uncross my legs. Full black panties were his view. Nothing sexy, just practical panties.
"But that wasn't enough for Archie, was it? No... Archie wanted something else, didn't he? Was this it, Archie? Did you want to see me take them off?"
I looped a thumb over each side of the waistband and pulled gently at the fabric, easing my panties down at the front. Inch by inch, my bare mound came into view. And, then I stopped.
"I don't think so, Archie."
Oh yes, I had him where I wanted him. The young lad simply stood there, uncomfortable. Was it just the way I teased him, or was he conscious of the reaction inside his pants? Oh yes, crossing your legs a little could only mean two things, either he needed the toilet, or he was trying to hide something.
"I'm waiting, Archie. Waiting to hear what you want."
"I... I... want... want to be with you. I like you, Cyn. Don't you get it?"
"You mean you don't want to have me strip off for you, to have me suck you hard, to feel my hot little pussy slide down your manly cock?"
"I... I... I..."
"I do too, Archie," I answered for him. "I want to feel your cock ravaging my tight little pussy, but you're going to have to earn it first."
"But... how... I don't know... I haven't..."
"Are you trying to tell me you're new to this?"
"Yes, I haven't... well, you're the first woman I felt like this with."
"That, I didn't expect, Archie."
"I'm sorry," he replied, visibly embarrassed. "I've always been an embarrassment, always disappointing. I'd better be going, hadn't I?"
"No need to be sorry, Archie, and it definitely isn't a disappointment. In fact, it makes it more exciting. Not only do I get my own young lover, but he is untainted by any others... mine to teach as I want, and boy do I feel like teaching you."
"Teaching me?"
"You heard me. Lesson one... to teach you it is not acceptable to watch and run away."
"I said sorry."
"Lesson two... you can dump the tapioca on the side, I don't like it anyway. And, lesson three, actions are stronger than words. You say you like me, you want to be with me, well how do I know you have it in you... do you think you can satisfy me, Archie?"
There was a pause. Had I taken it too far or did I just have to spell it out to him?
"Now, why don't we start with this and that tongue of yours? Is that what you want Archie, or do you still want to go?"
I slid my panties down, revealing my shaven snatch to the young lad, lips already puffy with excitement and a feeling of dampness inside. I shuffled a little further onto the table, leant back on my elbows and lifted my feet up onto the edge. It was all his and I didn't need to ask twice.
His first touch, the warm tip running the length of my outer lips, sent a shiver through my body. It was so long since anybody had touched me down there, and it felt good... so good. I purred with encouragement as he ran his tongue up and down my snatch.
"Can you taste it, Archie?" I whispered.
"Yes," came a muffled response, Archie concentrating more on his tongue than his words.
"Go on, ease your tongue inside."
I moaned as I felt fingers gently work my lips apart, before his tongue dove back in. I lay back, eyes closed as he lapped at my sweet juices. Already I could feel the warmth inside, smouldering signs of what I hoped was to come.
"Yesss," I moaned. "There, just there," I continued as he flicked his tongue over my clit.
It was like every nerve ending was being teased into life by the young lad's tongue. I was panting fast, those smouldering embers now becoming passionate flames as he worked me into a sexual fervour.
"Inside," I called out between pants. "Put it inside, and—"
I gasped as Archie rimmed the edge of my opening before forcing his tongue up into my pussy. And then he was away, pushing his tongue in and out, fucking me in the softest way possible, encouraged on by my wails of pleasure.
Pussy, clit, then pussy again, Archie was taking me to places I could only imagine. Those fires were already a raging inferno as he continued to work my sodden sex. I tensed as the first spasm of orgasm ran out from within.
"Don't stop," I whispered, feeling him ease off slightly. "I'm gonna cum all over that tongue of yours."
Boy, did I cum. I pulled him in close, clamping my legs around his head as the big one hit. I arched my back, as I rode the wave, before...
I screamed... loud enough to wake the neighbourhood.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
In the house alone once more, I thought about what we had done. It was so wrong, yet so right. I hadn't felt like this for what seemed an eternity.
Here I was, old enough to be the young lad's Mother, and looking forward to the next time. It wasn't just a bag of tapioca I intended to take from him. If I had my way, the boy who started this whole adventure was about to become a man. No more hiding in the shadows, watching from a distance. Now my young lad was going to please his older woman like never before.
Archie may have been a novice, but I was sure he would be a quick learner and I had so much more to teach him.
You could say, he had a life full of Cyn—or maybe it was Sin—ahead of him.
So, what did that make me? Was I a slutty whore, or an excited cougar? Either way, life was going to be far more exciting.
I couldn't wait.
The end, or only the beginning.