Part two of a story about a couple that finds themselves in a hands-on sex therapy group, where therapists, surrogates, and other patients interact sexually although some types of this therapy exist, this story is totally fictional. Like part one, this, and the rest of the parts I have set a goal to write in the range of about 4 to 6K in length. So if you choose to read part 1 first, it is a quick read.
All fictional characters portrayed are over the age of 18. Self-edited and proofed, so if you are looking for a story with perfect grammar, and 0 mistakes, this probably is not for you, as I am aware of my lack of writing skills. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
__________________________
It seemed like forever, but finally, it was time for the next session. The last one was so enlightening, they were excited to see what Doc Todd had in store for them this time.
"While I am disappointed that we are down to two, I am so glad the two couples left are serious about the program. There are people who jump from program to program wondering why none of them work. I do not claim to have the only one that does, it is a work in progress. The fact is that many of them work if couples stick to them long enough."
"Did anyone choose to do the homework I gave you? If so, does anyone have an erotic story to tell about it?"
Well Rob and Sheila did not have a story yet, and Garth was hesitant to tell his and Helga's as he was a little embarrassed by it, but Helga made him tell it. She said it was steaming hot.
___________
Helga giggled and said, "You just have to tell them about your attempt to surprise me, it was a fail in some ways but ended up triggering some good sex for us that night."
"OK, I guess I will put it out there for Helga. Let me just describe it as a new experience for me instead of a fail, I could not help but like the result. I came home from having some drinks with my buddies one night. I had a good buzz, but not drunk, and was suffering from a mix of ornery and horny. I came in through the garage doing my best to be quiet, I could see Helga had the fireplace burning in the family room and could hear her on the phone. Once I heard the other voice I knew it was Astrid her sister, Helga and her are very close. They talk on the phone every day, and for so long that Helga puts her phone on speaker. I decided to do something to get her reaction while she was talking to her. I like her sister a lot, and if I got the right reaction from Helga, her sister will hear what is happening and get a good laugh. Her sis and I like to flirt and joke around with each other anyway."
"I stepped back out into the garage and stripped out of my clothes, all of them. I decided to just go in stark naked, and go for the maximum shock factor. I was not sure I would get laid or blown, but I was sure Helga would at least lose it with her sister on the phone. So I quietly came back in, and poured two glasses of wine, for her and myself. I wanted to be showing at least a partial erection to Helga. By the time I poured the wine, I reached down to check before I picked up the glasses and found my cock to be erect. Thinking about the possibility of getting a good blow job must have worked. I was then excited about walking in there with my cock sticking straight out, it would be the icing on the cake."
"I was ready, my cock was ready, so I casually walked around the corner into the family room for the surprise. Well, I did get the surprised reaction from Helga that I was going for, but the shocked look I got from her sister Astrid who was there in person trumped hers. She did not tell me she was coming over, and I did not see her car, turns out her husband Jim dropped her off to visit while he was bowling on his league."
"So there I was buck naked, no way to cover up because of the wine glasses in my hands. This surprise did nothing to quell my full erection, but I was unable to speak and frozen in place. I had to just stand there and wait for a verbal reaction. The erection would not keep me from running back to the garage, but the two glasses of wine in my hands did. So I decided to go with it, and use the chance to try to tease her and her sister. I said, "I thought you two sexy women might want a glass of wine while you gossip and talk bad about your husbands."
"Helga knew it was a mistake and was laughing too hard to retort, but her sister Astrid did."
Astrid said, "Your wife is out of control because she was just giving me a play-by-play of your last session in sex therapy. Then like magic, here comes my sexy brother-in-law walking in not just naked, but with his cock sticking out in front of him. Your cock looked just like she described its state in the last therapy session you two had. I guess I am glad you chose to debut the only part of your body I have not yet seen, your penis, and it could not have been any harder."
"I have to admit that you are looking pretty sexy with that boner that does not seem to be affected by your sister-in-law's presence. Don't get a big head too, as even if you were not my sister's husband, I would not leave Jim for you. Yours though tempting, it is not as big as his. She told me about you and her planning to get a full wax, and also about you doing naughty things naked in front of others at therapy. Maybe you can sit down over there and just give us some visuals, I would not be so tempted to grab it if you are over there. But do tell me, are you going to give us our wine or not naked man?"
"She had me, so I had no choice but to walk over to hand one to her, it was impossible without my cock getting close to her face. As I handed her the glass, she took it very slowly to torture me. When she finally did, I could see my cock's knob was less than a foot from her face. I could feel my face continue to get warm."
Helga was taking the whole thing in and was still gathering herself up. She managed to get the words out of her mouth, "His cock is in your face sis, go ahead and give it a good squeeze if you want! That is why he is naked and hard, although I assume the original plan was to present it to me, and then get a blow job."
Astrid with her sister's permission just plain grabbed it and got a good hold of it. He looked down again and could see her little hand clenching it for what was probably only a couple of seconds, but to him, it felt longer. She held it long enough to send a bolt of lightning through his body. He had no choice then, but to turn to pull it away to give Helga her glass. Now it was in Helga's face and she grabbed it and had a near-death grip on it. She held him there, and that put his ass so close to Astrid, she decided to surprise him with a spanking. Helga finally let go, so he could get his freshly spanked ass away from her sis.
(Later that night, he told Helga she spanked him so hard it still hurt, but that he kind of liked it.)
It was then Helga's turn to rib him.
Helga then told him, "I know what caused that boner, but what kept it that way was more a product of you showing yourself to Astrid than to me. I would make you do a little dance for Astrid and me, but Jim will be picking her up anytime now. He might not find the humor that she and I have found in it. So if you want even a chance of a blow job later, go take a shower, you smell like the pub or pubs you came from, I will join you in the bedroom to take care of that later."
All he could do then was apologize to Astrid for the flash, and get out of there, but she had the last word.
"Oh, it's OK, I always wondered if you measured up to Jim. I enjoyed both the story Helga told me and the show you gave me. It's a shame I can't stay around to help her get rid of that boner, but Jim is going to be the benefactor, I am going to jump him as soon as we get home."
Helga was laughing off and on as he told the story, and ended it for him, "I am not sure Astrid was kidding him, she was buzzed and horny like Garth and me. I know they have feelings for each other, it's natural. I am sure she would blow or maybe even fuck him, all she needed was my OK and the time to do it. He did get his cock sucked later that night, and I got fucked, so all is well that ends well."
__________
Doc Todd responded, "I have to say that was a good story to set the mood for tonight's session. I am a little stiff imagining it was my wife and her hot younger sister in that situation. I hope my wife is in the mood when I get home. Let's move on, I am sure Rob and Sheila will have one for a future session. But for now, let's get started."
"Our two assistants that we will be using tonight are here to demonstrate some sexual acts that probably will not be new to you, but observing a couple doing it properly will teach you a lot. Tonight it will be mostly oral, featuring a classic 69. But regardless, I think you will at least find watching them titillating. I am hoping this will be the session that will start broadening your horizons sexually."
"As you have seen by my participation in the last session, my goal is to hold your hands as you find the things that you as a couple like, they may be things you are familiar with or new things you learn. The things you can learn about sex are endless. I am still learning, and finding out what both my wife and I like."
"I did get to get a quick look at your masturbation exercise when I left the last session. Seeing four strangers naked, and masturbating with each other's partners made me feel like that session was fruitful. It was good to see that none of you have a serious problem like (social physique anxiety.) These types of disorders could keep you from even being able to be naked in front of each other. It could also require one-on-one therapy, and if it was extreme, medication as well. You are all capable of arousal in front of others and did not look to be uncomfortable once you got started. Being willing to share your partners for this told me that none of you have a problem with jealousy either, and seem to be open to experimentation."
Even with what they already did, the next instructions that they got were surprising to both couples.
He said, "I am looking at two very attractive couples in the prime of their sex life. I know that of the 4 of you, 3 if not all are insecure about the looks of parts of their bodies. Girls don't like their butts or breasts, some even think that their vaginas are not attractive. Guys are concerned they are not fit, maybe they think they are too short, or tall. But the big thing with them is worrying about their penis size. I still remember measuring my penis when I was going through puberty. Women in the long run are not as concerned about their size as you are. They eventually realize it is how a guy uses what he has, and that vaginas are adaptable to any size. The ones that don't realize this are the ones that may never find a mate that sizes up, so to speak. I have treated women whose quest to find the biggest cock was the source of their nymphomania."
"So this is what I want you to do tonight. I have the other couple here to assist me in trying to show this to you. So when they undress, I want you to undress as well. As you see there are clean sheets over those metal chairs so your bare butts don't get cold. You need to get as comfortable in your own body as possible and appreciate the beauty of the opposite sex's body. If you don't, you will never learn not to fret about it. You all know I am not what most would consider a hot guy. Like most people, I am not totally comfortable in my body, so I will undress during at least this session with you. I fight the same battles with my self-esteem as you do."
The two new models' alias names were Dean and Cindy, they were completely different in every way from the first two in all but their age and attractiveness. She was pretty he was handsome, but the clothes were hiding their bodies still. They stood right in front of the two couples to disrobe. They were not nude under a robe, instead, they each had clothes and undergarments just like the couples watching. They took turns taking each other's clothing off. She took off his shirt, he took off her blouse. He turned her and unhooked her bra and let it drop. Her breasts were attractive, but what woman's breasts are not to someone else? She had been someone that had to learn to be proud of what she had. She was not large in the breast area, but not what you would call flat-chested.
Her breasts were shapely, and firm just a little below average size would describe them. It did not keep them from being examined by both partners of each couple. Then it was time to reveal what was below the waist, and did. Dean then paused with her facing them, and after a few moments, the other couples realized it was their cue to start.
Rob was the first member of the two couples to undress. His partner Sheila was standing facing him, and in view of the therapist and his assistants. She followed with the same steps to reveal his chest first, and then his hard penis.
Rob they all knew was somewhat fit and had an above average cock, and that she was maybe a little on the full-figured side, but not fat. It showed in her breasts mostly as they were large. But they were not what you would call firm, they jiggled with any slight movement of the rest of her body. They were a hit with all the guys present and would be with any man who liked big breasts. She had their attention for sure. The therapist who was 10 to 15 years older than the couple was now shirtless, and as they remembered from the last session, exceptionally fit. His muscle groups were no longer hidden by clothes.
It was Garth and Helga's turn and they too followed the same steps. To no one's surprise, Helga's breasts were the closest to being what many men and women would consider near-perfect. Medium-sized and firm, with her nipples, pointed slightly upward. This time they were going to have the time to just look each other over in more detail.
Now that everyone was topless, it was time for them all to bare everything below their waist. The removal of those clothes was started again by the therapist and his assistants. First, it was the assistants, and she wasted no time removing his pants and pulling down his boxers to expose the rest of his body. His upper body was somewhat absent of visible fitness, he was however thin, with no fat showing anywhere but his cock. He had a thick cock, and it stood out from his hairless body visually even in its flaccid state. Having it instantly exposed did however cause it to react enough to gain a couple of inches, and it was still thick. It was then the focus of attention, of the girls.
The therapist undid his belt but waited for them to finish undressing to drop them and his boxers. Soon the guys had their partner's pants and panties off, making them both now nude. The focus was now on the new assistants, especially her, attention was given to her pussy and slim build that continued down to her feet. It was not until the rest had both time to observe them and to finish undressing that the therapist caught up with them. Now there were four cocks and three pussies to observe.
This made the other couple Rob and Sheila the focus, big tits, and a big dick will do that. Rob was hung, and not yet hard. It was not until the therapist unveiled his equally if not bigger monster that attention went elsewhere. Garth, well, he was average and barely showing signs of arousal. But the therapist whose cock made its debut the last session was hung any way you looked at it. It was at present curved out in an arch meaning it had some expansion, but not yet hard. The ladies could not help but check it out.
It was then time for the two couples to sit back down, and the therapist to move back away and let the demonstration begin. The nude Cindy turned to retrieve a pillow from the bed, revealing the fact that though overall she was thin, she did have a nice girl ass, with perfectly rounded buttocks. As she bent over her cheeks opened up to reveal her tiny butt hole and bald pussy, and stretched to reach the pillow causing more than a little reaction from the males' penises present. Once she had it she put it down in front of Dean, then got on her knees. She had no trouble getting the semi-erect cock of his in her mouth, but soon it was hard enough to stand out on its own. It looked to be not much more than average erect but seemed to get even thicker when hard, making it stand out on his thin build.
Once this was accomplished they moved to the bed. Him first, then she mounted him upside down lowering her pussy to his face. It was obvious the therapist's hard cock was the result of the view of her young pussy being eaten so close to him. They had worked with him before, and they kept to what they were doing as he walked over hard dick wagging, and unlocked the wheels on the bed frame. Then he pushed it until it was a few feet away from the two couples, and lowered it. For the couples, it was like they were in their bedroom, and standing by the bed. The therapist knew he should not participate other than in the nudity. He was human and not immune from getting turned on, therefore he was sporting the hardest dick in the room. He, unlike the others, had no partner, so though he fought it, he eventually had to take things into his hand so to speak.
The benefit of the patients and therapist being naked was now starting to show. When you have such easy access to your sex, the view of a cock being sucked, and a pussy being eaten as Doc jerked off, caused both couples to get serious stimulating their partners as they watched the action on the bed. The demonstration continued, and the female got off and had to pause until she recovered, and got serious with her dick-sucking. When she felt his cock pulsate, she pushed him up so his cock was less than an inch above her lips, and took his load. The couples were so close, they had such a good view of his hard cock, they could see the ropes of the young man's cum leaving the little hole on a big cock, its destination being her mouth. It was safe to say that all of them watching was turned on to an extreme, especially Doc. Cindy could see his plight and offered him her mouth when she was done. It did not look planned as Doc shot his ropes in her mouth too, now it was overflowing.
Her action of taking both loads was over the top, and she and her partner were given a standing ovation by the couples watching and the therapist who benefited from her act. By standing I mean them as individuals, but also their hard cocks and excited pussies were at attention. The therapist then thanked them, and like Doc, Cindy was extremely turned on and asked Doc if it was OK if she and Dean fucked, she did not want to have to go back to the dorm and masturbate. He looked at the couples and of course, they were up for an encore.
Cindy did not wait for Dean's verbal reply, he was partly hard, and that was good enough for her. Cindy then pushed him onto the bed and worked on getting him all the way hard again.
While Cindy sucked Dean hard again, Doc told the couples that he was very happy with their reactions, and willingness to participate and that it was important to learning. He also said he was sorry if his masturbation took away from their oral, but he lost control. He then told them it was Cindy's choice to continue the lovemaking, that if they wanted to stay and watch them fuck, he was going to be leaving soon, and that he was going to text his wife and tell her to get ready for a horny husband en route.
He told them since they were so advanced, and it was so clear to him that they were all turned on, that they could stay as long as they wanted, and that there are some fresh sheets next to the bed if either couple or both wanted to get it on before they leave. He added, "Even though you have already been naked as you masturbated together at the last session, watching each other make love to their spouse was recommended. There is no better learning tool than to watch and be watched having sex. Even though you are here as students, you have something to teach, or to learn from each other. Everybody's natural way to have sex can have elements that can be valuable to others."
He again told them that the last to leave was to lock the door and turn out the lights.
So they all stayed naked to watch as Cindy climbed up on Dean to ride his cock, she then invited them to come even closer if they chose to. They just stood there as they were not that far away. When they saw Dean's cock going in and out of her, they moved in closer. Cindy's breasts were smaller and firm, but she was riding him so hard that they became very animated. She leaned over and braced herself on his chest and she continued and he tried to help by thrusting his cock into her on her down strokes.
Dean's help seemed to be the added ingredient to produce an orgasm for her. "Oh My God Dean, you're such a Stud." As she collapsed on the bed next to him.
Dean had not yet came, and his cock lost none of its stiffness, so he prepared to mount her once she got her breath. Cindy showed her limberness as she pulled her legs up and tucked them behind her head. The couples by then were only a foot from the bed lined up on the sides, and the view this gave them of her pussy was epic. It was seeing how her baldness featured her pussy, and Dean's featured his cock, that Helga decided it was time for Garth and her to get a full wax before the next session. None of them had ever seen someone this way, she sported a swollen pussy that was showing some pink. There were then three rock-hard cocks, and 6 hard nipples at the bed as Dean put the knob of his up against her hole and wasted no time entering.
Dean was giving her every bit of his knob and shaft, and his balls were hitting her ass. She was screaming for more, "Pound me, Dean, You're the Fucking Man, Fuck Me!"
She got off again but he kept going, and finally pulled out and shot cum all over her belly and chest. They both were exhausted as they were being given another ovation. Then they took each other's hands and headed for the bathroom to clean up and dress.
Garth and Helga were excited about the opportunity to not just fuck when they were so aroused, but to be watched as well. Since it would have been awkward to ask the other couple if they were in. Instead, they grabbed a fresh sheet and just got to it. It was not hard to do considering that the other couple had already seen them naked.
Garth was laying back and waiting for his lover's pussy to settle in on his face. Helga was not having it, she wanted to fuck. She threw her leg over him hastily and was riding him hard as soon as his cock was inside her. Neither of them wanted to look back at their audience as it might freak them out being this was their first time being watched fucking, but knowing they were there was quite a turn-on to them.
Helga remembered and referenced them getting caught by her mom back in their dating days. Back when it happened she was terrified, but later she used it as masturbation material as it did come with a thrill of its own.
(She could never forget the look on her mom's face when she walked into the family room to see her riding Garth's hard cock as her breasts were flopping up and down. She was shocked, but not so much to not watch a little before she came up with a classic line as she was leaving the room. "Well, I have to admit, that was pretty hot, never thought I would ever see my daughter taking a dick. I guess my decision to get you on birth control was pretty wise, I hope you are taking them, I am too young to be called grandma.")
Garth, well, he was not thinking about anything or anyone but Helga, enjoying the feeling of her pussy as it was sliding up and down on his cock. She was giving him quite a fucking, but she was riding him so hard she was tiring, so they switched positions and he pounded her missionary for a few minutes before filling her pussy with his seed.
Rob said to them, "Well that was hot, you guys nailed it, I hope we can go that long, I thought I was going to cum just watching."
Watching them came with a whole different type of thrill than they had gotten from the therapist's assistants, with them, this sex looked like real fucking, and from real couples that were so worked up, they had no time to think about it.
Rob's big cock was stiff, and Sheila's large breasts were featuring her hard nipples. Like Helga, she had a trimmed bush, not bald like Cindy's, but she was younger than them.
Once Rob laid down on the bed, his erection standing up accentuated the size of his manhood, it was of more interest to Helga than Garth of course. It was not until Sheila mounted him, and when she started riding him, her breasts were putting on quite a show of their own. My god, they were making slapping noises as they flapped up and down!
Any loss of arousal that Garth and Helga had after their turn was back. It was hard for them to keep from just jumping on each other again. The fact that they had been able to enjoy the couple watching, and now was watching them get busy kept them that way. They did not sit down, they stood close to the bed, with Garth's arms wrapped around her, as his cock was between her legs.
Garth spent most of his time watching Sheila's breasts in action. Helga was watching Rob's big cock as it was going in and out of his wife's pussy, wondering how different from Garth's it might feel inside her.
When Sheila got tired, she dismounted and started sucking his cock, and was able to swallow it. Helga had never seen someone try to swallow a cock like this, and right there in front of them. It was porn stuff to her, and she did not even think it was done that much by everyday people. She imagined she could see the outline of his big knob in her throat, she was mesmerized. Not unlike Garth, Rob did not last long, she took his load, and it was coming out the sides of her mouth when they finished.
When they were done, they dressed with not much more conversation than the last time. They all enjoyed it, especially the free-form fucking they performed and watched. At the door, they both made sure the other couple knew they intended on being at the next session.
They did not express it, but they all thought about how hot it would be to swap and fuck the other's partner.