I was 26 and was assigned to work at a rural location for 6 months. I didn't want to pay for a hotel, so I answered an ad for a boarder in the local paper.
Mrs Church answered the phone and it so happened that Mr Church was working overseas for a year and she was looking for a boarder who could do the odd jobs around the house.
I went and met her. She seemed very nice and a bit conservative. I'd describe her as matronly. I suppose you'd say she was curvaceous and not unattractive, but I wasn't looking at her as a prospective fuck. She was a respectable woman who was twice my age.
We largely kept to ourselves and one evening she went to the local club for a couple of hours. I didn't hear her return, because I was in the laundry, bent over the washing machine removing my clothes.
The first I knew of her return was her saying, "Mmm, I like a domesticated man," and then feeling her hand run over my butt and then squeeze my cheek through my jeans. I could smell the alcohol on her breath.
I didn't object, in fact I hadn't continued removing my clothes from the washer. Her hand went to the other cheek and she repeated the process, asking "Sean, you haven't brought any girls home since you've been here. Are you gay?"
'Fuck!' I thought, 'that was pretty blunt and to the point,' and that made me stand up straight. "No Mrs Church. I've just been concentrating on work and besides, I wouldn't want to offend you by bringing a girl here."
She took her hand off my arse and giggled, "Oh, I wouldn't be offended," she said and I saw her glance at my crotch as if to check if I'd reacted to her groping me, "you should remember all work and no play makes Sean a dull boy and it looks like you could do with some fun."
And with that she walked away saying, "Oh well, I'm going to have a shower and then do some computer work in the study. By the way, you can call me Amy."
I finished do my stuff and was in my room and heard Mrs Church come out of the bathroom so went and showered. I was halfway through when I heard the bathroom door open. Fortunately, I was facing away from it, because I'd been stroking my cock remembering that little encounter in the laundry.
Without so much as a by your leave, Mrs Church said, "When you're finished, why don't you come down to the study and have a drink?"
I turned my head only and said, "OK." Mrs Church had already turned to leave. She was wearing a full length dressing gown, very demure, but it was pulled tight across her ample arse. Ample, but very nicely shaped.
I shook my head as I rinsed my hair. What was happening to me? I'd never even looked twice at a woman more than five years older than me and here I was, checking out a 50 year old woman's butt and my erection told me I liked it.
I changed into shorts and t shirt and approached the study. I was a confident young man, without being cocky, but I found myself nervous like I was on a first date. It was a ridiculous notion. Mrs Church had had one too many Chardonnays and probably already regretted her earlier indiscretion.
I entered the study and Mrs Church looked up from her computer and smiled broadly, "I'm glad you to decided to join me Sean. There's a bottle of fine cognac on the table. Pour yourself one and be a dear and fill mine back up."
She still wore the dressing gown, but she also wore full make up. 'Strange for somebody who's ready for bed,' I thought and her demeanour wasn't her normal quiet, reserved self. The woman in front of me spoke and carried herself with confidence and poise.
I half filled the glasses and sat in a lounge chair. Mrs Church raised her glass in cheers and sipped from it. Watching her glossy painted lips on the glass was strangely erotic, my cock told me.
"It's lovely to have some company Sean," she said as she rose from her chair and moved to the lounge chair opposite me. As she bent forward towards me to sit the top part of her dressing gown came open for a moment to reveal the most enormous cleavage I'd ever seen.
She continued, "Mr Church, Tony, has been away for nearly 3 months and it gets awfully lonely." She asked me about work, what I did in my spare time when I was living at home and general small talk.
I didn't consciously know it then, being a bit naive, but the chat was full of flirting. Slight flicks of her head, touching her hair, smiling etc.
"Sean, Tony has told me he's feeling lonely too. I was wondering if you might be able to help me with something to cheer him up?"
I replied immediately, "Sure, part of our boarding agreement is to help."
She smiled and at the same time crossed her legs, putting one knee on the other. In the process the bottom of her dressing gown parted and I was greeted by the sight of black stockings and a glimpse of full, bare thigh for a few seconds.
I shifted in my chair, my cock was rising and was uncomfortable in my shorts. "Good," she said, "Tony has asked me to send him some photos of myself for him to remember me by."
I responded, "Well, I haven't done a lot of photography, but I'll give it a go."
She smiled and said "Good. Don't worry, it's an auto focus camera so all you need to do is point and shoot," her smile turning to a naughty smile and her eyebrows raising. "And as far as posing is concerned, I've been Tony's model for 30 years. I know what he likes."
With that last statement she slowly removed her dressing gown. I was gobsmacked. She wore a mid thigh red negligee, virtually see through. I could definitely see her tits, supported by a black and red quarter cup bra, leaving her nipples exposed except for the sheer material of the negligee.
Mrs Church's legs were still crossed, but I had a good view of her red suspenders, black stockings and an expanse of bare thigh. My eyes nearly bugged out of my head and if my cock wasn't already fully erect, it was now.
She told me the camera was on her desk, next to the computer. She expected me to stand up and get it. 'Fuck!' I thought, 'how am I going to hide the tent in my shorts?'
I couldn't do anything, so I just got up and grabbed the camera as fast as I could, hoping she wouldn't notice. I know now it was a deliberate ploy so she could see the effect she had on me.
As I returned to my chair she said, "Don't sit down. The first shots will be at a better angle if you're standing up."
So I had to turn and face her, my erection obvious in my shorts and her eyes weren't looking at the camera. Her grin had turned to mischievous.
She turned her shoulder to me and pouted her lips in an obvious pose. There was nothing else to do but click the camera a few times.
She said, "See, you've got the hang of it already Sean. Every time I change poses, take two or three shots."
She turned back straight in and pulled the negligee slightly off her shoulders and leaned forward a little, baring some cleavage. The contrast between that thin red material and her milky white skin was amazing. Click, click, click.
She pulled the material further down her arms, causing the neckline to stop just short of her nipples. She pouted again and again I clicked. "Why don't you take those shorts off Sean? It's not like they're hiding anything."
She must have seen the reluctance in my face, because she continued, "Besides, you don't want to dirty them. You've already got a wet spot at the front."
I looked down and sure enough, there it was. I was trying to act cool and my cock betrayed me. I thought 'In for a penny, in for a pound' and removed them. My hard cock springing as I managed to get the waist band over it and managed to flick a big drop of precum up my t shirt.
A small groan escaped Mrs Church's lips as she said, "It looks like that will have to come off too."
Now, I've never been thin or muscly, but she didn't seem to care. I don't know what me say this, but I did. "I'm sorry for making a mess Mrs Church."
She replied, "I told you to call me Amy and it's OK, we can clean up later," her mischievous grin returning. "Are you ready to resume Sean?" My only response was to hold the camera up.
She pulled the negligee below her bra and her breasts were now pretty much fully exposed. Her aureolae were huge. I noticed that they'd been almost perfectly round, but we're now elongated as the sides had contracted.
I heard a whispered "Fuck," escape my lips as I clicked again. "Mmm, do you like what you see Sean?"
"They're beautiful Mrs...... Amy," I spluttered.
"It's nice to get such compliments from a man, especially a young man like you," she pointed at my cock, "That's my favourite type of compliment."
She knew she had me wrapped around her little finger, that my cock was now doing my thinking and I'd do anything she asked, without hesitation.
"I want you to take a few more in this pose Sean, but Tony likes to see my nipples really hard. Do you think you could help me out with that?"
I was speechless so Amy said, "Come on, I'll talk you through what gets them nice and stiff," I walked towards her and she lifted those heavy tits up as if offering them up to me, "have a little play and see how you go."
I was 25, I wasn't a kid. I'd had a fair bit of experience with tits. At the same time, I didn't have any experience with a woman twice my age and is was pretty arousing the way she was seducing me and mothering me, so I went along with it.
As I got near, Amy uncrossed her legs and her knees came apart. I could clearly see her red panties had a similar wet spot in them that I'd had.
I obeyed when she told me to kneel in front of her, but didn't wait to be invited to take one of her massive tits in both hands. I felt it and weighed with my hands and leaned forward to lick her magnificent nipple.
That nipple and Amy both reacted immediately. Amy with a soft moan and her nipple tightened, stiffened and lengthened. I took it between my lips and sucked on it softly as I continued to lick it and kneaded her tit flesh.
I was pleasantly surprised at how firm and her breast was and that spurred me on to paw it more. I felt Amy's hand slide down my chest and stomach before wrapping it around the shaft of my cock.
She gave it short strokes, pulling and pushing my foreskin back and forth over my helmet. "Suck it harder Sean. Suck as much of my tit into your mouth and suck hard."
Being one to enjoy pleasing a lady, I did as she asked. I puckered my lips around the top of her nipple and sucked it into my mouth. I kept suck her tit into my mouth until I nearly swallowed her nipple until my mouth was filled with tit and then formed a vacuum seal around her breast.
I then sucked harder like I was giving her a love bite (hickey). Now she was just squeezing my cock and moaning. "Yes baby, that's how mama likes it." I thought, 'Yeah, I like getting compliments like that.' The mama but didn't escape me either and my cock swelled in mama's hand.
I could feel Amy's nipple hardening and growing longer in my mouth, to the point it hit the entrance to my throat. I kept the suction up as I pulled my mouth from Amy's teat with a smack of my lips.
I inspected my work and looked up at her. "Is that stiff enough mama?" I asked.
"You've done well, young man," she complimented me verbally this time. I repeated the dose on her other tit and resumed my role as photographer.
Amy held a breast in each hand, presenting her very long stiff nipples to the camera. Click, click, click. I took the initiative and captured a few images of her panty crotch, the wet spot now a dark line, as she took up her next pose.
Amy took her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, pinching them and pulling them and her breasts as high as she could. She moaned loudly as I took the shots. "Switch the camera to video mode, Sean. I want to give Tony a message. Just follow my lead, you'll know where to point the camera."
I framed her face initially, so she was a talking head. "Hello daddy," she said in her husky mature voice, "I hope you like the photos our young boarder has taken for you," she slipped off the chair and crawled towards me in her hands and knees.
I zoomed out to capture her whole body, especially her hanging breasts. She continued her message as she came to kneel in front of me. She took hold of my burgeoning erection and it was obvious I was meant to show it. From that angle I captured it in front of her face.
Amy was looking straight into the camera, "It looks like our boarder has enjoyed taking them for you," that naughty grin returning to her lips, "and look what he's got for me."
With that, she slipped those glossy red painted lips over the head of my cock and bobbed her head a few times and then made a big show of sticking out her tongue and flicking her tongue all around it, paying special attention to my fraenum, before taking my whole shaft down her throat.
She pulled off and licked her lips, still looking directly into the camera. "He tastes delicious, daddy. Can he fuck me with his lovely dick?" She let out an almost evil giggle, "You'd like that, wouldn't you daddy? You'd like to see his young cock fucking my old cunt."
Amy resumed her seat and draped her legs over the arms. She took her pussy lips in hand and spread them, exposing her fuck hole. I zoomed in to show it to Tony in detail.
Amy continued to talk to Tony, "Look how wet my cunt is for Sean's cock daddy." Her filthy talk didn't help my raging erection, or should I say it did? "Are you going to fuck mummy's wet cunt hard Sean?"
I joined the conversation as I moved towards her, "Yes mummy, I want to fuck your cunt until it cums on my cock." Amy held her hand out, indicating for me to hand her the camera. She pointed it at my cock and followed it as I knelt between her legs and brought my helmet to kiss her lips.
She now held her lips apart with her middle and forefinger of her free hand. "Ooh, he's going to fuck mummy's cunt, daddy. He's going to push his big cock inside me. Push it all in, in one go Sean. Fill mummy's cunt. I want it, I need it. I haven't had a cock in my cunt since daddy left."
I did exactly as she asked, but I took it slowly. As a porn perve myself, I knew Tony would enjoy the moment much more that way. I watched, almost like a bystander as my cock head separated Amy's lips and her cunt walls.
She started moaning as soon as my penetration started and it got louder with each millimetre I fed her. "Mummy's cunt is so tight, Tony and so fucking wet. It's squeezing my cock and it's trying to suck me further inside. Mummy is a dirty slut Tony. Hear how much she loves my young cock?"
I wasn't trying to humiliate Tony, just trying to make it a great experience for him as he wanked his cock while watching. Amy however had a different agenda, but I guess she knew what turned her husband on. "Sean's cock is so much thicker than yours daddy and look, he's only half way in, but he's as deep in me as you can get already."
That was my signal to fully penetrate that tight wet pussy. I pushed forward and impaled Amy in one thrust, then ground my pubic bone against her clit. "Oh fuck daddy. He's reaching places that have never been reached before. It feels like his cock is in my womb daddy. I feel so full. I'm cumming daddy. I'm cumming on our boy's big cock."
And she was. I could feel her pussy flutter around my cock and then squeeze it hard. Then the co traction's started and Amy's cunt began milking my cock. Despite the intensity of her own orgasm, she sensed the approach of my own.
Amy had the experience and patience to allow her orgasm to continue as long as possible before saying, "Pull it out Sean, show daddy how much spunk you have for mummy."
I pulled out of the shortest fuck of my life, Amy's juice splashing of my cock onto her tummy. I hoped Tony could see that. I stroked my cock once twice and on the third stroke my cum exploded from the eye of my cock.
Amy wasn't the only one who hadn't ducked for a few months and my cock showed it. Rope after rope after rope of hot spunk spewed from my balls. Amy kept the camera on my display with on hand and played with her clit using the other.
She started laughing as my spunk covered her tummy and tits and pussy. It was the laugh of a person so totally turned on, laughing was the only expression that was possible.
When my orgasm subsided, Amy turned the camera off and put it down. She pulled me to her and kissed me passionately. My cock miraculously found its target and re-entered Amy's pussy.
I'd love to say I stayed hard and we fucked again, but the reality is I shrunk inside her as I enjoyed her kissing and hugging.
This opened a new world for both of us. Ice broken and no impediments for what was to come in the following months.
if i get enough positive feedback, I'll tell you more.