After our encounter over the weekend (you can read that on my blog), Jess and I were spending a lot more time around one another outside of class. One particular afternoon in mid May we were once again going to meet up at the mall after I had spent some more time at the library.
Once we were at the mall and had found a place to sit and eat, Jess brought up bathing suit shopping again. I asked her why she needed another new bikini (as if you can ever have enough, right? but I was young and foolish...
She said, "Not for me this time, for you."
"Oh," I said. I knew where this was going. This was back in the 90s and Speedo had a chain of retail stores. There was one in the mall here. I'd never been in it, I'd never needed to. The swim club where I swam had a store where you could buy your suits, goggles and anything else you needed, so I'd always just gotten my speedos from there.
It was late in the evening, so the mall was not crowded and stores would be closing in about an hour and a half, so I didn't think the chances were high that we would be seen by people we knew, and trying on speedos for Jess sounded like fun.
"Ok, sure," I said.
"You didn't really have a choice."
We got up and walked over to the storefront. The store was deserted except for the one sales clerk behind the counter. The store wasn't very big, with women's suits on the left wall, two tiers high. The middle of the store were displays of goggles, caps, bags, sweats, etc. On the right side were the men's suits.
This was the glory days before jammers and all the suits were speedo briefs. There were all kinds of prints, colors, and cuts. It was a sight to see.
"Wow," she said, "there's so many! This could take awhile."
The sales clerk noticed us and started walking over. He was a few years older than were, probably a senior in college.
"Can I help you find something?" he asked.
Jess jumped right in, "We're looking for a suit for him," she said, pointing to me.
The guy looked a bit surprised for a second, but quickly smiled and said, "Sure, all of our men's suits are over here. Is there something in particular you are looking for?" as he was looking me up and down.
Jess said we weren't sure yet. The clerk said he tried on speedos all the time and could help make some suggestions. He went over to a rack about midway down the sidewall of the store and picked up a blue square cut suit with a small zipper pocket on the front right hip.
"I think this suit would rock on him."
Jess considered and said, "Let's start with that one."
He led us over to the fitting room, which was all the way in the back on the right, and opened up right next to the men's suits racks. I walked in and took the suit from Jess and closed the door.
I pulled off my pants and shoes and then pulled the suit up. It did feel pretty good. It didn't have a lot of room up front, but it wasn't uncomfortable. I was starting to get a little hard, though. After a minute or two, Jess knocked on the door.
"Are you ready yet?"
I reached for the doorknob and opened it a bit. Her face was right there in the door and she pushed it open. The clerk was standing there too.
I must have hesitated to come out for a second too long, because they both prompted me to get my ass out of the changing room.
Looking me up and down, Jess said to the clerk, "You're right, I do like that. But let's try some others to compare."
She handed me a brief with a three or so inch side. I went back into the dressing room and stripped off the square cut. I pulled up the briefs. I was still semi-hard, but not too obvious yet. I adjusted myself as best I could and opened the door again.
"That's more like it," said Jess.
"Oh yeah, that's heading in the right direction," agreed the clerk.
Jess looked at me with a smile, "We're not done yet, though. Here's the next..."
This continued for three more suits. The last two were both solars. The first was black. By now my cock was more than just semi-erect from all this attention. I pulled the black solar up and again adjusted myself before opening the door.
Jess and the clerk were waiting. "Come on out," said Jess. "We want to see."
"Wow," said the clerk. "Don't you think that shows off the package too much?"
"Not at all" said Jess.
I stepped out of the change room but didn't venture far from the door.
"No, I mean come all the way out here to where the big mirror is," said Jess.
I looked over to where she was pointing and it was out practically in the middle of the store, easily within view of the mall outside. I was simultaneously terrified and turned on. I walked out into the middle of the store and stood in front of the mirror, as ordered.
And then I turned around and saw two other people in the store with me. My heart leapt into my throat. I knew these two. They were a couple who were in the swim club with me. Tom and Amanda, and they were looking right at me.
Being caught like a deer in headlights, I would have thought before that my cock would have shriveled up to nothing. Instead, I felt myself getting harder. Great, I thought.
"Hey guys," I said. I wasn't sure what else I could do at this point. They'd both seen me in a speedo before, but the context was very different.
"Oh, hey," said Tom. He looked a bit confused, "Getting a new suit?"
"Yeah, sure am, " I managed to say.
Jess was smiling like a maniac as she walked over. "Care to introduce me to your friends?"
"Sure, Jess this is Tom and Amanda, we swim together." I gestured to them in turn. "Tom, Amanda, this is Jess."
Tom smiled at Jess said, "Nice to meet you," then back over to me. "We were just here to get Amanda a new practice suit. Is yours for practice?"
Jess cut in before I could reply, "Oh, no. We are going to have a pool party and he needed something to wear."
Tom's eyes got a bit wider for a moment. Then he laughed. "Ok, you have fun then."
Amanda looked me up and down, lingering just a moment on the front of my suit and then looked at Tom, "Maybe we should get you a new suit too."
Jess agreed and even invited them to join us shopping.
"No way, it's one thing to wear a speedo for competitive swimming, but I'm not going to wear one in front of our friends."
"Well, Jess, I approve," Amanda said and she gave her a knowing smile. Then she looked back at me, smiled and said, "Have fun!"
They walked off and started looking through the women's suits. The clerk went over to help them while Jess went and grabbed one more suit for me to try on.
When she came back over she was holding a different solar, this time it was white.
"White? Really?" I said.
"Yep. Go put it on."
I walked back into the change room and stripped off the black solar. The suit was lined, of course, so the white one wasn't transparent, at least not dry. But even so, it seemed to show off my package a bit more. The hardon was still very much there.
I opened the door and Jess was there waiting. The clerk was back, too. Amanda and Tom had left.
"Yep, that's the one" said Jess.
The clerk looked me up and down. "Dude needs a blow job"
"MmHmm" said Jess. "But that's my job, sorry."
The clerk looked a bit disappointed. "Well, it's closing time for the store, so tell you what, if you buy that suit you can suck him off right here. But I get to watch."
This made me uncomfortable. Jess, however, was unfazed.
"Deal" she said and pushed me back into the change room, opposite the big mirror and kissed me while her hand grabbed my cock through the speedo. My cock had been hard for long enough now that the sensation of being grabbed was almost too much right there. It felt so good. I didn't even notice that the clerk was still standing there.
She quickly released the kiss and dropped to her knees. Her hands grabbed my ass and she pulled her face right into my crotch, licking the shaft of my cock through the speedo from the base all the way to the head. Again, the sensation even through the fabric was incredibly intense and I wasn't going to last very long.
She pulled the drawstring loose and freed my cock. Her warm, wet mouth encompassing the head of my cock and working the shaft with her hands.
"Jesus, Jess. I'm going to cum quick," I moaned.
Her head was rapidly moving forward and back, her mouth moving up and down my cock. I could feel the orgasm welling up through me.
"You are such a dirty little slut."
"That's right, I am" she said as she came up for air. She dove right back down.
"Oh, fuck yes. Are you ready?" I gasped.
She pulled my dick out of her mouth and, stroking it with her hand, put the head right below her open mouth. She leaned her head back slight and looked right into my eyes.
The climax rose up inside me and my hot cum spurted into and across her mouth and down the side of her face.
"Mmmmm... yes. Yes, give me that cum."
I sat down on the bench in the change room, totally spent. She cleaned her face up and looked back at me.
"You don't think you're done, do you? You owe me," she said. She stood up and walked over to me sitting on the bench, her crotch at the level of my face. She unzipped the fly of her jeans and pulled them down to her knees revealing a lacey thong panty. Her pussy had soaked the front panel and I leaned forward and pulled her in to my face and kissed and licked her sopping wet pussy through her panties.
"Mmmmm" she cooed. "That feels good. You're gonna lick my pussy till I cum."
The sweet taste of her pussy filled my mouth and I pushed aside her thong and slipped two fingers up into her pussy slowly spreading her open. Her hips responded by rocking back and forth, emphasizing the gentle thrusting of my fingers.
My cock was starting to harden again with all the excitement of eating her pussy. At this point in my life, my sex experience was minimal, but Jess's was not. I thought it might be a good time to take a chance.
I pulled my face away from her pussy and grabbed her by the hips, directing her to downwards to my upright cock. I took her juices from my hand to lube myself up and she settle down right on top of me, sliding her pussy all the way to the base of my shaft.
"Oooh. I didn't think we'd get this far tonight. That feels wonderful." she said. "Keep working on my clit. Yes, that's it."
She rode on my cock, sliding up and down while I fingered her clit. After a few minutes of this she stopped, stood up and turned around.
"I want to see us in the mirror." Her ass facing me now, she sat back down on my dick and resumed her ride. Her pace was quickening now and her ass cheeks were slapping on my thighs. I reached around her waist and found her clit again.
"Oh yes!" she cried.
Out of the corner of my eye I noticed the clerk was still there, his dick in his hand, stroking as he watched us fuck. I might have otherwise been uncomfortable with this but right now I didn't care.
Jess was rapidly bouncing on my dick. She had her hand over her mouth, trying to stifle her moans. It wouldn't be long for me to cum again.
She was driving me wild. In the mirror I could see her face and right in front of me her ass was bouncing up and down. I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed her waist with both hands and stood up. She was momentarily startled but put her hands up on the mirror in front of her and looked at me and her eyes just screamed "Yes. Fuck yes."
Standing now with my hands firmly on her hips, her hands planted on the mirror in front of her, I started thrusting into her as hard as I could. All you could hear was my heavy breathing, my balls slapping her, and her stifled whimpering cries with each thrust.
A squeal escaped her lips as I pounded her pussy. She quickly put a hand back over her mouth to muffle more. I reached around and rubbed her clit. She pushed her hips back into me as I thrusted and then she started to cum. Her whole body shuddered and she tried hard to muffle her cries. Her pussy clamped down on my cock and that was all that I could take. I didn't want to come inside her, I pulled my cock out just in time and my load shot onto the small of her back.
We both collapsed onto the bench.
"That was awesome," I said.
"You're damn right it was," she laughed.
It was getting late. The whole place was closing up for the night. We cleaned up, wiped the hand prints off the mirror, and put our clothes on.
We went to find the clerk so we could pay for the suit and leave. He was also cleaning himself up.
He told us not to worry about paying for suit. It was on him.