Thanks to everyone who read, liked and/or followed part 1. 😊 This is part 2, so if you didn't read part 1 you might be a little lost.
Disclaimer:
This story is set in 1930's America and reflects cultural norms for that time/place. Some of the characters here act and speak in a manner that is sexist/racist. I promise they'll learn better by the end of the story. :) Also, a couple of the characters here are based on real people. Please don't sue me if I turned your great-great-grandma into a sex goddess. :P
Flagstaff, 1929
It was the crack of dawn, and Clyde spooned with his wife Elizabeth in their new bed. He enjoyed the comfortable sensation of her warm body nested against him. His mind wasn't quite awake yet, but his cock had already risen, and was rubbing pleasantly against her firm little fanny.
Clyde frowned in his semi-sleep, as an unwanted thought wiggled its way into his mind. Visions of a different backside swirled into his mind's eye, unbidden. It was a lush tush, round and brown and bent over for the taking. And it *was* being taken. A muscular sun-burnt savage pounded away from behind with a slap -- slap -- slap sound.
Instinctively, Clyde pushed the vision away from him, rejecting it for its wrongness. He reverted his focus to the bottom that was before him, giving it a re-assuring squeeze to make sure it was real. He tried to re-set his smile, but another mind-worm squirmed its way into his brain.
Clyde had unfinished business. The previous evening, Elizabeth had bid him to come hither, but he had already cum thither, and thus had not managed to claim her. His mind accounted for him a list of ready excuses for the failure: a long day of travel, and moving trunks, and arranging furniture, and fetching water, and a cooling bath, and a pair of hanging breasts with nearly-black nipples jiggling at each impact with a slap -- slap -- slap sound.
He pushed back at the intruding image again, harder this time, annoyed at himself. The solution was simple. He just needed to wake up and make whoopee with his wife. He willed the submarine of his sleeping consciousness to ascend towards the surface. He focused on his penis. The over-inflated organ would buoy him towards wakefulness.
Slap -- slap -- slap. The sound came at him again. He had thought he was moving away from the maddening dream noise, but it was louder now. As Clyde awakened, he realized with a start that the sound was real. Someone was pounding at his door.
Elizabeth awoke to the noise of knocking, and the sensation of her husband clambering awkwardly over her and out of the bed. She watched him stuff a hand down his pants, shoving an obvious erection down the leg of his pajamas. The curve of the angry tool was clearly visible against his leg. Where had *that* been last night? she wondered.
When he opened the door, Elizabeth saw that Tala stood on the stoop, waiting to be invited inside. But Clyde just glowered at the woman as if she were poisonous and failed to offer any invitation. The resulting staring contest escalated from awkwardness to full-blown embarrassment when Tala glanced down, and then quickly looked back up. Her eyes widened noticeably. His ears turned red. Tala felt as if she were interrupting an intimate moment. So did Elizabeth.
Tala took a deep breath and let it out, and then brushed past Clyde into the house.
"I'm sorry if I'm interrupting your..."
Tala paused, involuntarily glancing back down at Clyde's bulge as he turned around too fast. A tiny wet spot on the inner leg just above the knee marked the extent of his manhood.
"...sleep." she finished slowly. She licked her lips, and forced her eyes up to meet his, letting out another little breath as she re-focused on the business-at-hand.
"Slipher is waiting for you. He's at the observatory."
"At dawn?" Elizabeth said. The alarm clock on the nightstand showed a quarter past five in the morning.
"The astronomers work at night," Tala said. "when it's dark," With one hand she pointed straight up, indicating the sky that was no longer black.
Elizabeth felt silly. Of course they work at night! she reflected.
"This is about the time he usually goes to bed. He's determined to wait for you, but... the longer he waits, the more annoyed he's going to be."
Clyde digested this information with shame. Tala had come here looking out for his best interests, and he had treated her impolitely.
"Thank you, Tala," Clyde said. He tried to convey an unspoken apology with his eyes. "I'll hustle up there and meet him."
Tala waited outside for less than five minutes, when Clyde came bursting out of his cabin, gave her a little nod, and headed down the hill at something that was closer to a jog than a walk.
"Elizabeth?"
"Come in!" Elizabeth said. She liked the way her name sounded when the foreign woman said it. The vowels were all harder sounds, and she enunciated the second syllable extra precisely. She had never thought her name could sound exotic, but it did when Tala said it.
"I just wanted..." Tala found Elizabeth standing at the dresser wearing nothing more than her panties and brassiere, brushing her hair out. "I wanted to say I'm sorry if I interrupted something," she finished. "Mea culpa."
"I don't think you did," Elizabeth said with a heavy sigh. She turned and gave Tala a sad, meaningful look.
"Are you sure?" Tala blurted out before she could stop herself. "Because... well... I didn't *mean* to notice, but... mmmm... I thought maybe the circus had come to town."
Elizabeth gave her a confused look.
"Somebody had pitched an *enormous* tent." Tala popped her eyes at Elizabeth. There was a pause.
Elizabeth burst out in quiet, tinkling laughter -- a winsome sound. She felt she hadn't laughed in weeks. She laughed and she laughed until tears rolled down her face. The dam burst, and all the feelings she had been pushing down came flooding forth. Elizabeth sat on the edge of the bed, put her head in her hands, and cried.
Tala plopped herself down on the bed beside her, and wrapped an arm around her, and guided Elizabeth's head to her shoulder. Tears flowed down the right side of Tala's blouse, turning the white material transparent. She whispered re-assuring words to her, some in English, others in another tongue that Elizabeth couldn't understand.
When the crying finished, Elizabeth felt relieved, but also embarrassed.
"I'm sorry," Elizabeth said. "I've never..."
"Elizabeth." Tala's tone was stern. Blue eyes met brown. "It's okay. We all get like that sometimes. You shouldn't hold it all inside for so long. You've got to let it out sometimes."
"Okay..." she said, in barely a whisper, staring into the dark eyes that were just inches away.
"One thing." Tala pulled back from the closeness.
"Yes?"
"Clyde... does he hit you?"
"What? No!"
"Is he a good man?"
"Yeah," Elizabeth offered weakly. In truth, she had been upset with Clyde lately. She wondered where this was going.
"Does he take care of you?"
"Yes. He's always supported us."
"But does he take *care* of you?" Tala insisted.
Elizabeth was confused, and her face showed it. Tala rolled her eyes and let out a rapid-fire string of words in her heathen tongue. Elizabeth didn't understand any of them, but she had the distinct impression that they were swear words.
"I am going to make sure that you get taken care of," Tala said, and she said it with such finality that Elizabeth couldn't help but believe her. "And I am going to have a talk with that husband of yours."
Clyde had the misfortune of arriving back at his cabin at that moment.
His first thought was that it was strange that Tala was sitting on his bed, hugging his undressed wife. That was inappropriate. His second thought was that Tala's right breast was completely exposed. Technically she was clothed, but the breast was completely visible through the wet fabric. He stared at it, and it stared back at him like a big brown eye. Very inappropriate. His third thought was that she looked... angry?
"You!" Tala said. It came out as an accusation. "You are not taking care of Elizabeth. Your poor wife just spent the last 30 minutes crying!"
Clyde looked at Elizabeth, and saw her red, puffy eyes. She gave him a weak smile and looked away. He moved towards her, but Tala moved in front of him like a guard dog.
"Can't you see she is distraught? You have changed her whole life. She is at the point of hysteria, and you are not giving her the release of her emotions that a woman needs!"
Tala stared at Clyde, daring him to disagree.
Elizabeth thought she had a point, although she was mortified than a woman would talk to him that way. Clyde was now staring down Tala dangerously. Tala rolled her eyes at him and made a sound of disgust.
"She is suffering... from female hysteria. She needs to go to the doctor."
Clyde's outrage had been building up steam like a train, but it suddenly de-railed as he processed this information. He knew that women tended to get hysterical, but he wasn't sure that was an actual medical condition.
Tala stepped to one side, relinquishing her position as Elizabeth's protector. "I can get the doctor on the horn," she said matter-of-factly. "It's still early. If we get going, I can get you to town and back before tonight."
Clyde looked down at Elizabeth. She looked broken. Aside from the puffy eyes, her hair was askew, and she sat with her arms crossed over her stomach, half-naked and staring at the floor. She'd been staring at the floor a lot lately. Clyde made up his mind.
"Okay." He looked at Tala. "Call the doctor."
They took the car down Mars Hill to Santa Fe Avenue until it merged into Route 66. There was a right onto San Francisco Street, following Tala's garbled directions that "when you see the church, head the flivver the other direction." They headed past the Hotel Commercial and Bender's Café, and arrived at the doctor's office, which was near the campus of the Teacher's College.
Clyde drove in mostly stoic silence, only occasionally muttering under his breath about a "trip for biscuits."
Elizabeth rode in the back seat with Tala, who came along for the purpose of showing them where the doctor's office was, and to make introductions. When they arrived, the doctor was waiting for them at the office.
The doctor was a powerfully built man, with broad shoulders and muscles on his muscles. His head was shaved clean, and he had a wide black mustache that was waxed to perfection, curling up at the ends. Clyde thought he must spend a great deal of time on his appearance. He reminded him of the strongman in the circus he'd seen as a boy.
"Hi Doc," Tala said. "May I present Mr. and Mrs. Clyde Tombaugh."
"Dr. Rudolph Raymond, U.S. Medical Corps," the doctor said, extending a hand. "Call me Doc."
The doctor's hand engulfed Clyde's. To say it was a firm handshake would have been an understatement. Clyde made eye contact the way a man should, but he was left wringing out his hand afterwards, watching as the doctor took Elizabeth's hand as gently as can be. He bent and bestowed a dainty kiss on the back of it.
"This way," he beckoned with a well-rehearsed smile.
Elizabeth began to feel a bit of nerves as she entered the back room. There were two chairs there, and a fancy adjustable table with all kinds of shiny metal extensions with joints that jutted outwards and downwards like a spider's legs. She tried to work out what all the things did with some consternation. A cabinet had a sink and several glass jars perched on top, filled with liquids in lurid shades of blue and green.
"My dear," the doctor addressed Elizabeth, pulling her from her reverie. "There's a gown on the table. Please remove your clothes and put on the gown. I'll give you some privacy." He headed towards the door, and then paused. "Take off everything, ok? Even the underclothes... if you're wearing a corset, that needs to come off." And he shut the door behind himself without waiting for an answer.
Elizabeth was keenly aware of two sets of eyes watching her. It felt awkward to be the center of attention as she disrobed, but she didn't offer any protest other than a few little huffs. Once she was down to her skivvies, she put on the robe. She turned to face Clyde, as the robe was fully open at the back.
"Would you mind..?"
"Yeah. Let me help," said Tala, circling behind Elizabeth. She began unfastening her corset and brassiere. Last of all, Elizabeth slipped off her panties in relative modesty, and sat herself down on the edge of the Frankenstein's table. A light breeze seemed to tickle its way across her skin in strange places. She didn't have to wait long before the doctor came a-knocking.
"Come in!" Clyde answered for her.
The doctor peeked his mustachioed face into the room first. Apparently satisfied with the state of things, he entered and closed the door behind him.
"Now then, I understand you're here today about a case of female hysteria." He glanced at Tala, who nodded. "First I'd like to do a routine check-up." He looked to Clyde. "Are you okay with that?" Clyde gave his assent. Elizabeth sat there feeling like a lab rat as everyone made decisions for her, except herself.
The doctor proceeded to do normal doctor things. He shone a light into her ears, and then her eyes, and made notes on a piece of paper. He stuck a tongue depressor down her throat until she gagged at it and pronounced that "good." He put an enormous inflatable cuff around her arm and pumped at it until it cut into her arm uncomfortably, and then listened to her arm with his stethoscope for a long while as the air slowly ran out.
"All right. Everything seems good," Doc said to nobody-in-particular. He stooped to Elizabeth and looked her in the eye. He had brown eyes under heavy black eyebrows. "You're a healthy young lady! Have you ever been treated for female hysteria before?"
"No." Elizabeth looked away from Doc's gaze and wondered if there was something really wrong with herself.
"Oh," he said, and he straightened, turning to Clyde. "I guess I'd better explain. You've probably noticed that women become hysterical faster than men."
Clyde nodded. This was common knowledge.
"Not that men can't become hysterical..." Doc glanced at Tala. "...but women's emotions are far more excitable. The medical reason for this is that women build-up excess fluids in their bodies faster than men do." He turned to Elizabeth. "You've had a good cry?"
Apparently, everyone knew about that, Elizabeth thought.
"That's good! You felt better afterwards," he said, not waiting for her confirmation, "because you released some of those excess fluids."
Clyde followed the logic. It made sense to him. Women tended to be softer than men.
"But tears aren't the only fluids that build up," Doc continued. "The tissues around the genitals also create extra moisture. I'm sure you've noticed it when you were... being intimate... with Elizabeth." Doc glanced from Clyde to Elizabeth.
Clyde was nodding, but his ears had reddened again.
Elizabeth was staring off to the left, her eyes wide. She crossed and un-crossed her legs, and then crossed them again. The combination of being naked and talking about sex was triggering some strange sensations.
"To determine if Elizabeth has female hysteria, I will need to examine her genitals. As her husband, you will stay here in the room and watch everything I do. Do I have your consent?"
The thought of this was exciting to Clyde. Elizabeth never let him see her up-close-and-personal like that. She was a lights-off woman; modest to a fault. He decided he would very much like to see his wife's pussy examined.
Clyde gave consent.
Elizabeth gave him a look.
Clyde decided the look didn't mean "no" such much as it was "oh my God!"
"We need to know," Clyde adjured his wife, responding to her unspoken objection. She seemed to accept this.
Doc swept into motion. He produced a short round stool, seemingly from nowhere, and pulled it in front of Elizabeth.
"All right, my dear..." Doc grasped Elizabeth by the upper arms and gave a gentle squeeze. "I need to you to scoot your bottom up on the table a little further." He lifted her and scooched her back as if she were weightless. "There!" he said, examining his handiwork. "Good."
One half of the table elevated so that Elizabeth was reclined rather than sitting. Doc began to pull metal attachments from under the table, tightening knobs to hold them in place. There were two arms that slid into place, and two stirrups to support her legs. Elizabeth thought they were splayed out much too far.
"All right, Elizabeth," said Doc, pushing her legs open and stepping between them. He looked her in the eye and gave her a kindly smile. "I know it's embarrassing. But it will be okay." He grasped her by the upper arms again and gave a re-assuring squeeze. Then he pulled the sleeves of the gown forward off her shoulders, and the whole gown came away.
Elizabeth was exposed for all the world to see. She crossed her arms quickly across her breasts. Clyde was staring at her. Tala was looking too. Doc effortlessly hoisted one of her legs up and put it in the stirrup, buckling a leather strap around her ankle.
"So I don't get kicked." Doc crinkled his eyes at her by way of apology.
Elizabeth decided she liked Doc. There was something about him that was reassuring. Was it his strength or his gentleness? Perhaps it was the combination of the two. She co-operated as he tied her other foot up, her most private bits now on full display.
"Clyde, come over to this side. Tala, at her head."
Clyde moved to the station he was given at the left of the table. He stared at his wife's snatch. A pair of puffy pink lips glistened through a forest of dark, neatly trimmed hair. At the top, a pink bump protruded out further than the rest. He had the sudden urge to smell the scent of her.
"Elizabeth," Doc gently commanded. "Move your arms down to the armrests. Show us your bosoms."
Elizabeth blushed furiously. She could feel the heat in her face and neck and upper chest, but she obeyed the order. Exposed in the cool air, her nipples stood at attention.
"See here, Clyde," Doc said. "The nipples are inflamed." Doc reached up and cupped her right breast, changing his grip on it several times, before rolling the nipple out between his thumb and forefinger.
Clyde took this as his queue, and seized her left breast in the same way, feeling her up.
Elizabeth couldn't help but compare them. Clyde's hands were long, thin and rough. He could grasp her whole breast in a handful. The doctor's were shorter but wide, meaty and muscular. Elizabeth thought he must have the fattest thumbs she'd ever seen. She felt a twinge of disappointment as he released his grip and sat down on his stool.
"Now, her quim." Doc paused. "Sorry, it's a word I picked up during the war from some of the Limeys."
Clyde diverted his attention to his wife's lower charms.
"The clitoris is also aroused." Doc put one prodigious thumb just above the little bud and slid it upwards an inch.
Elizabeth sucked in a breath as the hood slid back and her pleasure button popped out into the open.
"Sensitive, isn't it?" said Doc. He looked her straight in the eye, and gently pinched it a couple times.
Her hips bucked involuntarily, but she didn't break eye contact.
"You can see that she's already created some extra moisture," Doc said to Clyde. "Go ahead and get your head down there close, you can see it."
Having been given permission to do just exactly what he wanted anyway, Clyde complied. He got his face down close to her pussy and inhaled. He could smell the slight tang of her pussy. How would it taste?
Elizabeth could feel his breath on her pussy as he let out a deep breath. She shivered.
"Just one more place to examine: the inside." said Doc. "Tala, could you bring me the oil?"
Clyde and Elizabeth wore twin expressions of surprise and concern. Tala smiled at their naivete as she handed the oil over. Doc poured a generous amount of oil into his right palm and smeared it over his fingers.
"Now, my dear," Doc said, "this may be slightly uncomfortable. Clyde?"
"Yes?"
"Hold her hand. Here we go."
Elizabeth looked for Doc's eyes, but he was focused on her pussy. She was wide open, the petals of her flower had long since parted for him. She felt pressure, but no pain, as he penetrated her with two fingers. She marveled again at how thick his fingers were, as she felt herself stretch to accommodate their girth.
Clyde watched in rapt fascination as the doctor's digits disappeared into his wife's snatch. He chastised himself a little, telling himself that this wasn't a moment to consider sex, but ultimately his cock won the war over his brain. His blood flowed south, and for the second day in a row, his cock strained painfully against his pants.
"There is a spot inside..." said Doc, and just then Elizabeth bucked her hips and crushed Clyde's hand. "Yes. Right here. On the anterior of your wife's pussy there is a spongy bit that is also quite angry." He wiggled his fingers against it and Elizabeth squirmed. Doc suddenly pulled his fingers out completely.
Elizabeth let out a little mew of frustration. Her pussy contracted but found nothing to clamp down on.
"She definitely has female hysteria."
Clyde licked his lips. "How do we treat it?"
"Oh, it's simple. Minimally invasive," said Doc. "There's no drugs or incisions or stitches. It's a straightforward manual manipulation. I just need to express the excess fluids from the areas where they have built up. It's something you can do yourself, at home. Today, you will observe me as I relieve your wife. In the future, you might want to do it yourself."
"Okay." Clyde wanted to say more, but his brain was functioning at a low level and his tongue was trying to stick to the roof of his mouth.
"Elizabeth," Doc continued. "This may be uncomfortable at first, but it should become more comfortable as the manipulation continues."
Elizabeth nodded frantically.
"We are aiming to achieve a release of sorts. While I handle you physically, you should try to release your emotions as well. You don't need to stay in control of yourself. I will be in control. Do you understand?"
"Yes. Sir." She wasn't sure why she added the sir, but it felt correct.
"You may find that you cry. That's good." He paused. "You may find that you pee a little. That is also normal, and natural; nothing to be ashamed of. I won't mind if you get some urine on me." He smiled at her. "Now then... so far today I have endeavored to be as gentle with you as possible. That stops now. In order to bring your body to a state of hysteria, I will need to exert more force. Frankly, I will man-handle you. Do you consent?"
"I do," said Elizabeth, her worry tempered by an excitement she couldn't explain.
"Clyde, continue to hold your wife's hand. You may need to restrain her arm. Tala, take her other arm please."
Tala grasped Elizabeth's arm and put hand into hand. Elizabeth looked up at the savage woman with trepidation. Tala gave her a mischievous smile and said, "he'll take good care of you."
"Elizabeth. I need your attention. During the treatment, you may be tempted to close your eyes, or look around. I need you to look at me. Look into my eyes. That will help me to know if the treatment is effective, or whether I'm hurting you. Okay?"
"Yessir."
Doc applied more oil to his hands and said, "I'll begin with your breasts." He stood and leaned up between her legs, grabbing both boobs.
He was decidedly less gentle now. As his pants brushed up against Elizabeth's exposed buttocks and vagina, she wondered, with a guilty shiver, how close was his cock was to her opening?
"You are quite buxom. Do the men compliment you on the size of your breasts?" He crushed her breasts together in the middle and then rolled her nipples out again before circling her areolas with his thumbs.
"Only Clyde." She chanced a glance at her husband and met his eyes for a second. "The fashion is to flatten them out." Whatever the doctor was doing wasn't uncomfortable at all.
Doc gave a snort. "Well, it's unlikely to get any liquid from your breasts." He stopped and admired her oiled-up tits. "Still... what phenomenal knockers!"
Clyde vaguely registered the last comment as being inappropriate, but he was too fixated on the shiny melons in front of him to do anything.
"Let's see if we can... take care... of that pussy."
Elizabeth pursed her lips as she locked eyes with Doc, willing it to happen. Doc poured more oil on his hands and rubbed them together.
He ran his big smooth mitt up her pussy, his third and fourth fingers parting her two sets of lower lips, smearing oil everywhere except inside of her. He grabbed her mons aggressively. His thumb found her clitoris and circled it, once, twice, three times.
Elizabeth closed her eyes and sighed, but a tug on her short-and-curlies made her open them again. His eyes commanded hers to stay open.
His thumb dipped to her opening, teasing it before sliding back up the length of her slit to her hotspot. He circled it again and again.
Elizabeth's urgency was mounting, but she kept her eyes open, fixed on Doc's. She had learned her lesson.
"Look and learn," Doc said to Clyde. "This bump here -- the clitoris -- is quite sensitive at first. I start by rubbing around it, massaging the inner and outer lips of Elizabeth's cunt."
Clyde found the juxtaposition of his wife's name with the ugly word jarring, but he was fascinated by the lesson. Nobody had ever taught him about a woman's sex in such detail.
"As I continue, though, it will get less sensitive. Well... maybe I should say Elizabeth will come to tolerate it better. So..."
The magical thumb pushed Elizabeth's clit to the left. The right. Down. Up. Down-up. He pushed down on it and rubbed a tight circle on top of it.
"Oh! No! Oh! God!" Elizabeth writhed at the overstimulation in vain. Clyde and Tala held her arms down, and her feet were tied up.
"So..." the lesson continued, "I get less gentle as time goes by. I let my thumbs become bullies."
In demonstration, the thumb resumed pleasantly circling her sex a few times, before suddenly shoving her clitoral hood upwards in demonstration. His third finger swooped down out of nowhere, like an eagle on a rabbit, attacking the fully exposed nub.
"Aahh!" Elizabeth cried out. She would have kicked him if not for the restraints on her legs. Mercifully, he stopped after less than a second.
"Elizabeth?" Doc asked, leaning in. "I'm going to bully your poor, pretty, pink pussy. Would you like that?"
In that moment of relief, Elizabeth would have agreed to anything, and she did.
"Now, Elizabeth, I think I know what you need." The offending middle finger traced its way down her slit and dangled at her opening. "Here?"
"Yessss" she hissed. Her hips moved toward him, but he didn't let the finger enter.
"Say please."
"Please!"
"Say, please put your fingers in my cunt." The thumb began churning against her sex again.
Clyde was stunned. There was no way Elizabeth would say that. Also, there was something very wrong here.
"Please! Please... put your fingers...." Elizabeth stammered.
"Where?" Doc demanded.
"...in my cunt," Elizabeth said in the tiniest possible voice.
Doc obliged, slowly, forcefully ramming his middle and ring fingers up into Elizabeth's sopping slit for the second time.
"Yessss"
Doc curled his fingers up towards the area above the little spongy place, dug his fingers into her a little, and began flexing and unflexing his hand, sawing in and out just a fraction of an inch.
Elizabeth's demeanor changed. Her timidity and embarrassment melted away. She looked straight into Doc's eyes, as she began moving her hips up and down. This wasn't the wild involuntary bucking from before. She was no longer struggling against the arms that held her, but instead using them to pull herself forward. She moved with purpose and aggression, fucking the fat fingers of the powerful doctor.
"Yes! Oh God! Yessss."
Doc smiled as he saw her hunger. "There!" he said. "This kitten may turn into a lion after all!" He gave Clyde a wide, toothy smile. There was a little gap between his two front teeth.
Clyde stood rooted to the spot, his mind a dither of conflicting thoughts and emotions as he watched Elizabeth orgasm. His mind was screaming in jealousy, but his emotions weren't conjuring the righteous anger that he ought to be feeling. What he felt was awe for the amazing woman before him, and an overwhelming desire to possess her. She was his. *Was she his?* his mind countered.
Doc changed his handhold. The crushing grip that was fueling her need to pee released. His fingers straightened, and slid out, out, out. She mewled at the sudden sensation of vacancy.
SQWAP! He slammed his fingers into her fully and forcefully, resulting in a wet slapping sound.
"Uh!" Elizabeth grunted.
SQWAP! She pulled herself towards the invading digits, thrusting her hips to maximize the penetration. Her breathing turned to panting as she exerted herself to fuck the doctor.
"Oh... God." The words came out raggedly.
SQWAP! She peered down the valley between her oily tits and saw his hand hammer forward to meet her. They thrust in unison, again and again. SQWAP! SQWAP! SQWAP!
"Yes! Yes! Yesssss..." Elizabeth hissed, as she came again.
She watched through a post-orgasmic haze as Doc adjusted once again, lowering his thumb towards her privy bits like a battering ram. Somewhere far away, Elizabeth's brain tried to sound an alarm. Her pussy couldn't possibly take the third finger! Not the thumb! Not at that angle! In the haze of the build-up to orgasm, the thought was exciting rather than scary. Her body propelled itself towards him of its own volition, eager to have a try.
The slick thumb crashed into her. The battering ram hit just north of her pee-hole and slid upwards, pushing the nub of her clitoris to one side, and hammering to a thud against her pubis bone.
"Oh! Jesus!" she swore.
The doctor withdrew and thrust again, the lower two fingers plundering her fuckhole while the thumb punched its way between her lips again, pushing her clit to the other side this time and pinning it to the bone behind.
She watched with increasing hysteria as he jackhammered away at her sex. The offensive thumb hit everywhere in-and-around her clitoris, pushing it one way and then the other.
"Elizabeth?" Doc said.
She looked up at him, her eyes wide, her lips framed in a pout as she thought about how he really was bullying her poor pussy.
"Cum," he commanded.
She obeyed.
Clyde restrained his wife once more, as her thrusting grew wild and out-of-sync. With trepidation he wondered, what would come of this? He looked over towards Tala for perhaps an answer, but she was aggressively massaging one of her breasts, apparently enjoying the spectacle. Elizabeth's convulsions slowed and finally stopped, as he held her hand and gripped her arm.
"Good job, everyone." said Doc. He favored Elizabeth with a knowing smile.
"Now... Clyde?" Doc abruptly pulled his hand out of Elizabeth's snatch with a slight sucking sound, and clasped Clyde on the shoulder with it.
Clyde turned to look at the sticky paw on his shoulder.
"Oh." Doc belatedly noticed the faux pas and removed the hand. "Sorry 'bout that." He stuck the slicked third and fourth fingers in his mouth as if that would clean them, wiping them on his pants afterwards.
As Clyde watched, he found a bit of the righteous anger he had been searching for earlier.
"Now... Clyde. After this kind of, uh... treatment," Doc said, "it's normal for a husband to want to... re-claim his wife."
Clyde and Elizabeth looked at each other. Elizabeth gave him a delirious sort of smile and crinkled her eyes in a way that felt like an apology. Clyde blushed and looked away.
"I'm going to excuse myself from the room now," said Doc. "If you're able, you should mount your wife. I'll keep the room private for as long as you need. Come on, Tala!"
Clyde's lust, embarrassment and anger found that they could all agree to this course of action. He ripped his trousers and underthings down with more force than was practically necessary. His cock sprang free, bobbing proudly out in front of him.
"Jesus, son!" Doc exclaimed. "How are you not getting the woman off with a tool like that?" He shook his head disgustedly, and corralled Tala, who had paused to admire the big bouncing boner. He herded her out the door, muttering something about a "two-minute Tommy."
Clyde blinked off the interruption and turned to Elizabeth.
"You. Are. Mine." He raised his eyebrows and pinned her with a stare, as if challenging her to disagree.
Elizabeth nodded her agreement vigorously. "If you'll still have me," she said meekly. She looked at him with uncertainty.
Clyde positioned himself between the bound woman's legs with a growl, and ravaged her oily tits with his hands, like the doctor had done. He rubbed the length of his curved shaft up and down against her used, puffy cunt, seeking her entrance.
"Say it," Clyde demanded.
"What?"
"Tell me."
"I... I love you," Elizabeth stammered.
"No. Not that. Tell me..." Clyde paused, savoring the sensation as he slowly penetrated his wife for the first time in weeks. "...that you belong to me."
"Always," she answered. "I belong to you."
"You're mine?" He finished sheathing himself in Elizabeth with one final thrust.
"Yes!" She felt him deep inside, reaching a part of her the doctor's fingers hadn't explored.
Epilogue:
Clyde made love to his wife, and to his credit, he wasn't a two-minute Tommy. He fucked Elizabeth with long strokes until she came for the fourth time that day. She cried a little, and even peed a little, and kissed his face and professed her love.
Afterwards, Elizabeth said it was the best sex she had ever had. Clyde wondered if she was talking about him, or the doctor, or both.
End Part Two.