Part 2: The Contractor
Martin persuaded me to turn our home gym into an entertainment area and use the estate gym. He moved the gym equipment to the garage until we could afford to build a new exercise room.
A bar and a Jacuzzi were planned to be installed. We also intended to build a pool and expand the patio space to cover the pool halfway. He requested quotations from several contractors.
We narrowed it down to three contractors. They would come over to do a survey and learn more about what was needed.
While Martin was at work, I had to show the contractors what was needed. This meant that I couldn't go to the gym for at least three days. There was still yoga, but I had to practice it in our bedroom, with the curtains open, of course.
The first contractor did not appeal to me. He was a little impatient and unpleasant. He also raced through the entire procedure. I couldn't imagine myself getting along with him.
When the second contractor arrived, I was in the middle of my yoga routine. I dashed downstairs in my revealing workout attire, exhibiting a healthy camel toe. When I opened the front door, I was surprised. There was this 6 ft. 6 hunk of a man. Dark brown hair, well-groomed, and blue eyes that peered into your soul. I just stood there, trying to think of anything to say. After a few seconds of looking me up and down, he introduced himself as Geoffrey. I just extended my hand to meet him. He shook my hand with his large hand. It felt like a bolt of lightning struck my body and landed in my pussy.
I regained my self-control and let him in. I showed him around the entertainment room. He wanted to take precise measurements and told me it would take some time. I needed to get away from him, so I left.
I dashed to my bedroom and examined myself in the mirror. My hair was in a mess. My nipples were standing on attention and there were dark moist area between my legs. I grabbed the hairdryer to dry the dampness. I worked for a while, but my pussy had a mind of its own, and the patch was still there after a minute. I then changed into one of my old T-shirts. At the very least, it will conceal the wet spot between my legs.
I went into the kitchen and took a swing at the wine bottle. I needed to calm down. So I walked to the entertainment room to see what Geoffrey was up to. I asked if he would like something to drink. He only wanted a glass of water. I went into the living room and turned on the television. I'm not even sure what station it was on. I couldn't get this hunk of a man out of my head. I also entirely forgot about his water.
Later he announced that he was finished with the survey and would want to ask me some questions, like the color of the paint and the type of tiles we would like. I was too focused on his eyes to remember all of it. He took my email address to send me the quotation. He stood up to depart, and when he shook my hand, I felt a bolt run through my body again.
My pussy had caught fire. I needed a break and got my vibrator. I worked it quickly in and out. My pussy made a slosh sound since it was so wet. Geoffrey's cock, I imagined, was in my pussy. I came hard and simply lay down on the couch, completely spent.
I needed something more, a cock to fuck me. I dragged Martin to our room where we fucked when he arrived home. That was my second orgasm that day.
I told Martin about Geoffrey and my feelings. We fucked again when it was Martin's time to be on fire. Later, he asked if I wanted Geoffrey to fuck me and that I had his complete permission. I told him Geoffrey made me hot and lusty, but I wouldn't let him fuck me! But I must admit that I dreamt about it.
Martin decided to hire Geoffrey as the project's contractor right away. I stopped him because I needed to see the quotation first. That wasn't the true reason. The true reason was that I needed to re-think the events of the day. He agreed.
Geoffrey's quote arrived the next day via email. This gentleman was a true professional. He appears to be an interior designer as well as a landscaper. He drew the entertainment room and swimming pool area in great detail. I was blown away. The price seemed a little excessive, but for what we got, it was a steal.
The email was then concluded with the following comment: "PS. You are very sexy and hot. I hope to see "more" of you." It got my juices flowing again.
More was the emphasis. I wondered whether he wanted me to dress more provocatively. I needed Martin's opinion. Martin agreed with me and challenged me to wear the white see-through dress he had purchased for me without an underskirt and make out with Geoffrey. I accepted the dare.
I went to the salon the morning before Geoffrey and his crew arrived to get my hair done, pussy shaved, and makeup done. Martin took the morning off to meet with Geoffrey. Geoffrey had already arrived when I reached home. Martin was surprised when he saw me. I prevented him from getting a frisky. I didn't want him to mess up my clothes and makeup because that was all part of the dare. I told him he could have me later when Geoffrey and his crew left.
Martin excused himself, left for work and told me to keep an eye on Geoffrey and his crew. I realized it was to allow me some alone time with Geoffrey. I objected, but he told me that he would keep an eye on me. He inserted a small camera into the air vent. He installed cameras throughout the house. I was taken aback, but he assured me with the high crime rate it was for my safety. I know better, I learned from his fantasies that he like watching me, so I decided to give him something to watch and took off my bra and pantie.
Geoffrey's eyes widened as I entered the room. He grinned as he glanced me over. He seemed to appreciate the way I looked. I spotted a tent built in his shorts. I felt a heat on my cheeks. He approached me and welcomed me. He wrapped his arm around my waist and led me out of the room. He said that the dust and filth would destroy my lovely dress and that we couldn't communicate because of the noise. As we walked into the living area, his hand moved closer to my bum. He wanted it to look unintentional, but I know better. It made my pussy throbbed, as if it had its own heart.
I took a seat on the couch. Big mistake. He took the seat next to me. His hand was casually resting on my shoulder. We chatted for a while, his gaze fixed on me. We peered into each other's eyes when we ran out of things to say. My heart was beating wildly.
Should I get us some drinks?" I asked wanting to escape into the kitchen to compose myself. I got up and left without waiting for his answer.
I steadied myself on the kitchen sink, bent my head took deep breaths to get my erratic heartbeat under control. What the hell was wrong with me? What was it about Geoffrey that got under my skin?
I stood there for what felt like hours when in reality it was probably no more than a few minutes.
I felt fingertips slide down my neck making me shiver before hard arms surrounded me. A stubble cheek pressed against my neck.
I feel it too Andrea.'' His voice made me gasp and I tried to pull away but his arms held just under my breasts locking me tight against him.
Let me go, please." My heart sped up at the feel of his hard body against mine. I could feel his cock, already hard against my lower back. Without warning my cunt got wet and started to throb.
"What do you want from me?" I asked a little helplessly because it was obvious he wanted something.
His lips slid down my neck and back up again before pressing seductively against my ear.
"I just want to make you come."
I started shivering uncontrollably and my pussy clenched hard at the thought of an orgasm.
Oh... Oh. Was he serious?
When I didn't respond he continued. "Don't try to deny that you want it too. I can already smell your pussy and it smells delicious."
My body was betraying me but worse I was betraying my husband by actually considering indulging in this fantasy.
"Your husband does not have to know." He whispered like the devil on my shoulder. Tempting me.
He pressed a soft kiss to my ear and the arm under my breast moved up so that his hand cupped my breast, causing a moan to escape me. Another soft kiss on my neck.
"Just say yes." He squeezed my breast gently.
I threw caution to the wind caught up in the feelings being wrung out of me.
"Yes!" I hissed at him.
"Do exactly as I say". He Commanded.
I just nodded.
"Lift your arms back and put them around my neck and open your legs."
I followed his instructions and felt his fingers lifting the hem of my dress to expose my wet pussy.
"Wider!"
My legs opened even further.
He slipped my dress straps from my shoulders to expose my breasts.
"WOW, those nipples are the color of cherries and just begging to be sucked. "
His right hand slid over my bare pussy making me arch against him. He groaned loudly and panted in my ear.
"Damnit woman, bare soaked pussy. When was the last time you had an orgasm?"
I shook my head unable to answer, overheating with all these emotions.
What was that?" He removed his hand and I wanted to cry at the loss.
"I don't remember!" I lied, wanting his hands back on my pussy.
His fingers into the soaked folds of my pussy. Two fingers slid back on forth on either side of my clit pinching it lightly now and again and had me bucking against his hand. His left hand moved up to cup my left breast his fingers playing with my nipple back and forth piling sensation on top of sensation.
It felt so good and I never wanted it to stop and then suddenly his fingers did.
"What? What's wrong? Is somebody coming?" I asked quickly looking around.
"No! I want you to work for it." his voice was thick with lust.
Wha-at do you mean? My voice stammered as I sucked in a breath.
"You must ride my fingers until you cum." He said making me squirm. He pressed two fingers against my clit hard, making me grind against his hand as sensation lashed at me hard. I felt his erection grow even harder against my back.
He spun me around and pressed his lips to mine. My lips parted slightly as I was overcome by passion. His tongue brushed over my lips as he dragged me in closer. I responded by gently stroking his tongue with mine. It was like a whirlwind from then on. His shirt came off first, revealing his big muscled chest. His fingers caressed the inside of my leg teasing me, gently creeping up to my pussy. That gave me goosebumps all over my body.
He drew back from the kiss and looked me in the eyes and said something about eating my bald pussy. I was too carried away to respond to that. His hand plunged back into the folds of my pussy. I bucked against his hand, circling my hips while he fingered me. My legs opened more to give him better access to my pussy. I was in ecstasy when he simultaneously stroke my G-spot and clit. I leaned in and kissed him with my whole mouth and tongue. An earth-shattering climax hit me, my pussy juices running down my legs.
I came to my senses when the orgasm subsided. His hand was still toying with my pussy. I realized we had to stop right there. I know Martin was watching on the cameras, and I still love him, so I want to hear how he feels about what happened.
I told Geoffrey that we had to stop. I was overcome with emotion and apologized to him. I could see he was not happy. He simply stood there with an erection in his pants. I'd never sucked someone else's cock before, not even Martin's and was not intended to do it then. I decided to repay the favour by kneeling in front of him. I yanked his trousers down, and the second cock I'd ever seen sprang out. I looked very different from Martin's cock. It was the same length, but the head had the appearance of an engorge mushroom. It was huge. I wrapped my fingers around his cock thicker than Martin's. I started pumping his cock. He leaned back against the sink and after a while, he let out a loud groan. A stream of sperm shot from the tip of his cock and landed on my breasts. It was a lot of sperm, stream after stream.
He thanked me, kissed me again, turned around, and exited the living room. I just stood there for a while, processing what had just happened. I was embarrassed, but a dare is a dare. I was wondering whether I had gone too far with the dare.
I cleaned my boobs and put on a panty and bra and waited anxiously for him to get home. When I attempted to contact Martin, his phone just rang.
As I disconnected the call Martin walked in.
"Are hottie looking for me?" He kissed me as usual when he arrived home and inquired about my day.
I pretended to be stupid and said nothing significant, but he could take a look at the camera recordings after supper and while I was present. His eyes lit up.
I could see he couldn't wait any longer. I dragged it out as long as I could. We eventually walked to our study, where he turned on the computer and loaded a camera program. He replayed it from where I had welcomed Geoffrey. The rest was like a pornographic film; it seemed surreal to see myself making out with Geoffrey. It made my pussy throb once again.
When the video ended, I asked him how he felt about what he had seen. He said it was fantastic. He turned around, kissed me, and pulled his trousers down and fucked me like an animal on fire.
Later, he inquired as to why I stopped Geoffrey from fucking me. I told him I wasn't ready to take that step because it felt like cheating. He told me that he would have delighted for Geoffrey to fuck me and gave me permission to let him.
The next day Geoffrey apologized for what happened. He told me it was unprofessional to get sexually involved with his customers. He was scarce and avoided me the rest of the time when the work continued. He would quickly get in the morning, give instructions to his crew, and drop in now and then to check on their work. We were disappointed but on the other hand, we had to respect his viewpoint.
In the meantime, I could not get enough of the recording. I would watch it two or three times a week. It is unreal to watch yourself making out, and what makes it more erotic is that is with someone other than my husband. That his cock is the best, I cannot get that huge mushroom out of my head.
I wondered how it would feel to be fuck with that dick.
Maybe I'll tell you about it in a later chapter.
It was only at our house party later on that Geoffrey opened up to me. I'll tell you more in a later chapter.