It was a beautiful day after all, so why not go for a walk in the woods I thought to myself, I used to walk the woods often when Ziggy was alive. I did think it odd though when I saw lone walkers without a dog, I always wondered what they could be doing. Today I brought my camera along with me, my artist friend told me I had pareidolia because I was always sending her photos from my phone with faces in the tree trunks or stones on the beach that I saw. The phone camera is okay but now I am getting a bit more serious, so I carry a digital SLR with me and a couple of reasonable lenses for long distance and up-close images I want to capture.
I stroll off and stick to the main paths but sometimes I take a less used path just to see what is around, today was an 'off the beaten track' type of day. The light was perfect and it was lovely and warm, I am taking a photo of a great looking face with my long lens that I can see in the grand old beach tree where a branch had broken in the recent winds when I notice something white near ground level. I zoom in a bit closer and see what looks like the back of a person sat there on one of the fallen tree trunks. That's odd I thought to myself as this is the first person that I have seen on my walk today although, to be fair, I have rarely, if at all, seen anyone before on this path.
I thought nothing of it at first and continued taking photos of my faces, I subconsciously walked in the direction of this figure who seemed to be absorbed in their own little world. I realised it was a girl fairly early on by the pigtails in her hair, she must be doing a bunk off high school I thought as it was a Tuesday afternoon. She had her head down reading so maybe she was doing some study of woodland plants or something like that, maybe we could swap if she had any face photos. I did not want to appear to be sneaking up on the girl, that would be behaving like a dirty old man, or a voyeur with my camera. I deliberately made noises of someone approaching so she would not be startled. I was relatively close, and the girl was still head down, flicking through a magazine, she must be bunking off high school then I thought.
I must have only been a few feet away from her when she placed the magazine down on top of the tree trunk and swung her legs over and was now facing me, now, this was a very pretty girl. She didn't acknowledge me as such, she just picked up the magazine and continued reading. I saw the cover, 'Daddy's Girl'!! I stopped in my tracks, not knowing what to think or do next.
So, I waited, and watched.
She licked the tips of her fingers and flicked the pages of 'Daddy's Girl', I could see her eyes light up, but not what she was looking at, she then licked the fingers of her other hand and traced around her bra line behind her blouse, pulling at the edge of the fabric and flicking at just where her nipple would be with her thumb.
Still she said nothing. I was transfixed.
She unbuttoned her blouse to reveal her hidden breasts and pulled the bra strap away from her shoulder to allow better access to her nipple. She then pulled up her short little skirt to her knicker line and then after licking her fingers once more she slid her hand down inside. At this moment she put her head back which thrusted up her now bare left breast and what looked like a rock-hard nipple and pulled her knickers down to her ankles. Finally she spoke.
'I see you have a camera.' was all she said.
That was my cue, I help up the camera and was ready to start taking photos of this pretty but rather naughty girl when she opened up the magazine for me to see. It was obvious what she wanted me to do, replicate the photos in the magazine. I held my breath as she posed to match each of the photos in turn, the striptease of a girl, from full uniform to bare naked firm flesh. I was shocked but loving every moment as she removed her uniform one item at a time. She could see I was aroused by what I saw. All that was left was her underwear, I turned over the next page and there were close ups of her nipples, her bare pussy and her backside. I retrieved my macro lens for these photos, really good for close up focus.
The girl parted the lips of her pussy ready for the camera when I noticed how moist her pussy had become. Thoughts of her age had long since passed by me but she looked at least 18 years old. She placed her fingers deep inside and brought them back to the tip of her now swollen clit, the sunlight was perfect for highlighting the juices on her fingers. She then turned over to show her backside, again I was in close, her tight little pink arse hole was so inviting, I had to keep taking the camera away to see for my own eyes. I turned over the next page and to my shock, delight and slight worry, I saw that the magazine girl had a cock in her hand.
Silence. She looked up at me, inquisitive at first and then seemingly impatient.
My cock was hard and ready for her hand, so she took it and traced her juice damp fingertips from my balls, up my shaft, to the tip of my head which was already showing some precum. She giggled as she lifted her fingertips from the head of my cock and took a line of my precum mixed with her juices with them. That was a great photo. She placed the tips of her fingers on the lips of her mouth and ran them along her bottom lip then across her top lip, at the same time stroking my cock.
She then turned the page. She knew the next photo.
Without looking or waiting she took my cock in her mouth. Thank fuck for digital cameras. While she was busy playing with herself, I nearly came there and then as she was teasing my cock with her tongue. Rather good for a girl I was thinking. The next page showed the girl in a cowgirl pose with the man's hands cupping her breasts. So I lay on the ground with my camera ready as she got on top of me. This was crazy I kept on saying, telling myself that we haven't actually fucked.
At which point my girl closed the magazine up and tossed it aside along with my camera.
What has going to happen next, I wondered, I took that last shot of her on top, I could only cup one breast as my other hand held my camera, then this happened. She could tell I was close to cuming by the way I way holding back, wanting this to last a little longer. She took my now free hand and placed it on her remaining bare breast, they were so firm. She then took her hands to her pussy and parted her pussy lips so that my cock was held in between them. She then started to rock back and forth, using her pussy lips to wank my cock while I cupped her breasts. I was confused at first but then I understood why there was not going to be any penetration. She worked out the optimum rhythm for the slide of her hips to carry on wanking my cock and for its tip to push up against her clit to also bring her to orgasm.
Of course, I came first.
She giggled and then changed her rhythm to suit her needs all the time holding my hands to her breasts, maybe to stop me getting my camera. I had to stay hard which was not difficult given what was in front of me. After another shift up in rhythm she came and squirmed on top of me. She held her position for a few moments and took her breath. I was breathless anyway. She then sprung up while I was still laying there and got dressed, picked up her things and my camera. She was looking approvingly at the photoshoot we just had and then smiled at me put down the camera and walked off without saying a word. I let her walk off, all I could think of what the last couple of crazy hours spent with this adorable girl and the photos I would have. I got myself together and started to walk back the way I had come when I saw another face in the trees giving me what looked like a stern look of disapproval. So I offered my camera up to take a shot.
'No Memory Card' was the message, the girl had taken the card...