Stacy is 27 years old and is a pharmaceutical representative. She is married to Tom who works on Wall Street. Both Stacy and Tom have super demanding jobs and rarely get to spend any time together. When Stacy isn't out on the road, her face is buried in her phone, answering emails and planning out her schedule.
Before she started working for her current employer, Stacy was quite the gym rat. She would work out at least 6 days a week. But due to her extremely busy schedule, she just hasn't had the time. Stacy noticed lately that she wasn't in as tip top of shape as she once was. She isn't fat by any means. She stands 5'4 and 110 lbs.
Stacy walked into her high rise office building Friday afternoon. As she waited for the elevator she glanced at her side profile in the mirrored wall. She couldn't help but notice her stomach wasn't as flat as it once was. She stared at herself for a minute while sucking in her belly. She placed her hands under her large full breasts and picked them up and let them fall. They may not have been as perky as they once were but she was still happy with them. The elevator door dinged open and she made her way upstairs.
While walking to her corner office, Mr. Sanders, Stacy's boss, called for her in his office.
"Yes, Mr. Sanders?"
"Stacy, I would just like to congratulate you. Your 4th quarter numbers are in and they are very impressive. We are so lucky to have you here."
Stacy smiled. She knew her numbers exceeded everyone else in the office but she still acted surprised.
"Well thank you sir, but I really have to start my schedule for next week, I have..."
"Stacy, I don't mean to cut you off, and I probably shouldn't be telling you this, but you have exceeded the company's commission cap for the year and you can't contractually make any more money this year. We appreciate your hard work all year long and would like you take a few weeks off. You deserve it."
Stacy hadn't taken a day off in 3 years. She was so committed to her job that she'd be willing to continue working even without commission.
"Sir, I appreciate that, but..."
"Stacy, please I knew you wouldn't go willingly, but this is an order. You can come back in 3 weeks. You need to take some time off every now and then, you'll go crazy if you don't. We have your client list covered, Andrew will take over until you get back."
Stacy knew Andrew would screw up but Mr. Sanders was leaving her no choice.
"Ok Mr. Sanders. I guess you win. I'll see you in January."
Stacy updated her office voicemail, grabbed a few things and headed out. As she got to the elevators she stole another glance at her reflection and decided that she would use this time to try to get herself back into her old gym routine.
As she headed home she called Tom to tell him about her little vacation. He didn't answer, but sent a quick text back, "Can't talk, working late." Stacy rolled her eyes and shoved her phone in her purse.
The next morning, Stacy woke up in an empty bed. She grabbed her phone off the nightstand. She had a text from Tom. "Stayed at the Marriott by the office, gonna be here all weekend." She knew that this was a busy time for him and driving in and out of the city would be too much for him while working his long days. Stacy debated with herself about going to the gym but decided against it. She decided she'll start fresh on Monday.
Monday morning, Stacy headed to her old gym. She paid the daily fee since she wasn't a member anymore and headed to the locker room. The gym was pretty busy for a Monday morning in December. She locked her things up and started out to the gym. She picked up right as she used to. Stacy worked out for about an hour and half. She was exhausted from being so absent for such a long time. She wanted to take advantage of her extra time and decided to try the sauna to help relax. She always wanted to use the sauna but never had the time. So she grabbed her towel and undressed. She hadn't planned on going in the sauna so she didn't bring a bathing suit. But she did have a large beach towel and figured that no one would notice. Stacy locked her things in her locker, wrapped her naked body in her towel and walked out to the sauna area.
As she walked into the sauna, Stacy noticed three pairs of eyes on her. All belonging to three old men. They didn't even try not to stare. She sat down in the last empty corner and got comfortable. Stacy didn't mind the attention. She kind of felt sad for the old men. She knew that they probably don't get a girl like her in there very often. It actually made her slightly horny. A feeling that she hasn't had in a long time due to her busy schedule. After a few minutes one of the men broke the silence.
"Haven't seen you around before, new here?"
"Well I haven't been here in a few years, so I guess, yeah, I am."
The older man shook his head in approval. He introduced himself as "Ed" and was doing his best to try to come up with some more small talk. Stacy didn't mind really, the conversation was keeping her mind off of work and thinking about how bad her fill in, Andrew was screwing up. The conversation continued, with the old men. Mostly just small talk. Stacy couldn't help from noticing the men undressing her with their eyes. She couldn't help but think what their reactions would be if they knew she was stark naked under her towel so she decided to have a little fun with her new friends.
"Boy guys, it sure is getting warm in here isn't it?"
Stacy reached up to adjust her hair and reset her loose bun. As she did this, her towel became loose and ever so slightly slid down her chest and stopped just above her nipples. Ed and the other guys' mouths dropped as they stared at her cleavage and her jiggling breasts. Stacy loved the attention, she hadn't had that in a while. She paused for a moment like she didn't know what happened to her towel and finally looked down at her chest.
"Oh my goodness guys, I am so sorry, I didn't mean for that to happen."
Then Stacy stood up to adjust herself, and in one motion, she completely unfastened her towel. She opened it completely up, exposing her completely naked body. Her large breasts and her completely shaven vagina. Stacy adjusted her towel, fastened it back up and sat back down. She looked down at mens' towels and just as she expected, three protruding lumps sticking straight up in their towels. Stacy enjoyed this very much. The fact she could cause three instant boners in just a half of a second was incredibly arousing to her.
As much as Stacy enjoyed what she was doing, she couldn't help but think that she could be putting herself in a dangerous situation. She wanted to keep teasing those old men but followed her gut and decided to leave the sauna.
"Well guys, it was very nice meeting you but I do have to get going."
Stacy stood up and walked to the sauna door.
She could see the disappointment on Ed's face. "Aww c'mon baby, you can't leave now, look what you did to me."
Ed pulled off his towel exposing his rock hard dick. It wasn't the biggest she'd seen but wasn't the smallest either. Stacy gleaned at Ed's member for a few seconds as he gauged her reaction. Stacy reached down and grabbed his penis, she shook it up and down a few times like a handshake.
"Well Ed, it was very nice to meet you but I do have to get going. She released his penis from her gentle grip and they exchanged a quick laugh. The other two men couldn't believe their eyes and without hesitation, they both opened their towels, exposing their hard dicks. Stacy laughed, and grabbed a hold of each of their dicks, one in each hand, and gave them her signature handshake.
"Nice meeting both of you too."
Stacy turned around and walked out of the sauna. With her back turned, she couldn't help but smile. She was experiencing a huge wave of excitement. Stacy walked back into the locker room to shower. As she walked past the showers she noticed that two of the showers were out of order and the other two had a line of 3 women for each shower. Stacy rolled her eyes and opened her locker. As she pulled her bag out she grabbed her cell phone and checked it. There were 10 text message, 15 missed calls and 8 voicemails...All from Mr. Sanders and Andrew, her fill in.
"Ohh shit, what the fuck!"
Stacy placed her sweaty towel down on the bench and called her boss back. Mr. Sanders informed her that her biggest client is requesting a last minute amendment to their previous order and the company needs access to Stacy's password protected files. The only problem is certain clients' files require a thumb scan to access. Because this was their biggest client, this was one of the ones that needed the scan. But that wasn't the only problem. The amendment had to be done by 12 noon today, because the client's offices were closing for a holiday recess. That left only an hour and half for Stacy to get to the office. The gym was only a 20 minute cab ride from the gym so she still had time.
Stacy was still drenched in sweat from the sauna. She really wanted to shower since she had some time but would never make it if she had to wait in line for the showers. Stacy put her phone back in her locker, slammed it shut and clicked her lock. Just then she realized what she did. She locked her key to her lock in the locker.
"Dammit! This is why I don't take off from work!"
She turned around to grab her towel and when she looked, the bench was empty. She looked underneath and all around. Nothing. Just then Stacy caught the gym housekeeper walking out of the locker room with a laundry cart.
"Are you kidding me?!...Wait!!"
Stacy ran to the door but the housekeeper just kept going. Stacy stood at the locker room door, still completely naked. She was racking her brain about what the heck she was gonna do. She realized she had to do something quick or she'd never have time to get to the office.
Stacy peeked out of the swinging door and into the gym. At this point, she really didn't care who saw her naked, her main concern was getting to her office. She took a deep breath and walked out of the locker room. With one arm barely covering her large breasts and the other hand over her shaved vagina, she walked out to the front desk. There was an eighteen year old guy, behind the desk, on the phone with his face planted in his computer screen. As Stacy waited patiently for him to finish his call, she casually looked around at all the men ogling her up and down, and all the women giving her dirty looks. Stacy didn't care. She knew her bare ass was exposed but didn't care. She knew that everyone could just about see every inch of her huge breasts, but didn't care. As determined as she was to get to work, she couldn't help but become extremely aroused by the attention she was getting. A few seconds later the young man behind the counter hung up the phone and looked up at Stacy. His jaw dropped as he took in the sight.
"Uhh, ca ca can I help you miss?"
Stacy looked at him, rolled her eyes and said, "Yes, you can help me. I need someone with bolt cutters to open my locker so I can get my phone and clothes."
"Ok, miss, I can do that."
He grabbed a set of bolt cutters from a storage closet and she followed him towards the locker room. As they got to the door, he turned and said,
"Oh wait a minute, I can't go in there. There's women in there. I'm gonna have get Denise, but she's on break right now. It should only be about 15 minutes."
Stacy couldn't even be mad anymore.
"Fine, but I still need to shower and I'm not waiting in line. So while I wait for my locker to get open I'm just going to use the mens room."
"But miss you can't do that..."
"I don't have time to argue with you, I highly doubt that anyone in there will have a problem with me showering in there." Stacy said as she walked towards the men's room. She didn't even bother to cover herself up at this point.
As Stacy entered the men's locker room she made her way to the shower area. The locker room, was surprisingly empty. This actually disappointed Stacy slightly. Just as she started the water, in walked Stacy's friends from the sauna. Ed and his buddies looked at Stacy as she stood there buck naked with one hand under the shower testing the temperature.
"Well hello there, I was hoping we'd see you again, but I didn't think it'd be like this." Ed said as he took in Stacy's nakedness.
Stacy filled them in on what was going on and she asked them if she could borrow a towel for when she gets out of the shower.
Ed and his buddies looked at each other and shook their heads in approval. Stacy thanked them and got into the shower.
As Stacy closed her eyes to rinse the shampoo out of her hair, she heard someone clear their throat. She squinted one eye open and noticed Ed standing there naked. His hard dick pointing right at Stacy. Stacy just smirked at finished rinsing her hair. She was getting turned on again. After rinsing her hair, Stacy opened her eyes and faced Ed. She put her hands on her hips and said, "So where's my towel."
"It's in my locker over there." He pointed to the corner of the locker room where his other two buddies were standing there naked.
Stacy just rolled her eyes and smirked, "Let me guess, you guys want another 'handshake'."
Ed smiled and shook his head yes.
Stacy stepped out of the shower. She glanced at the clock on the wall. It was 10:50. She still had time to get to the office with some to spare. Stacy bit her lip and smiled. She grabbed Ed's dick and walked him over to the corner with the other guys. They were all smiles as their dicks grew hard.
"Well well, let's get started. I don't have all day."
Stacy faced Ed while still holding his dick. She pressed her big tits to his chest and continued stroking his dick. Ed reached up and took a handful of Stacy's breast. She felt another hand between her legs and slowly rise up to her shaved pussy. Another hand was squeezing her ass. Stacy reached down took another cock in her other hand and began stroking. All the guys were now taking turns groping and rubbing Stacy all over her naked body. Not before long, Ed let out a moan and he shot warm cum all over Stacy's belly. She now sat down on the bench and stroked the remaining two dicks.
Stacy looked over and noticed the locker room door open. In walked the young man from the front desk. He was holding Stacy's gym bag. He stopped in his tracks when he saw Stacy sitting there naked with two old man dicks, one in each hand. He just stared at her. Without slowing down, Stacy looked at the man and said, "Yes? Is that all of my stuff?"
He stuttered a bit and shook his head yes. He held out a clip board with a pen attached to it. "I, I, just need you to sign this release form saying that you won't hold us accountable for breaking your lock."
"Ok, we'll bring it over here."
Stacy said, "Just give me a minute.." she looked at his name tag, "Jason. I'll sign that in a minute."
Stacy didn't lie, less than a minute later both old men came. Both shot their loads all over Stacy's chest.
Stacy stood up from the bench. Ed opened the locker and handed Stacy a towel. She wiped off the cum from her tits and belly.
"We'll see you later Stacy, it was nice meeting you." Ed said as the men dressed and left the locker room.
"Ok Jason, where do you need me to sign." Stacy grabbed the pen. She signed the form. As she slid the pen back into the clipboard she noticed that Jason was sporting a huge bulge in his pants. Stacy smiled and said, "Wow Jason, what do we have here?" She pointed to his protruding member in his pants.
"Uh, uh that's nothing." Jason said as he tried to cover it up the best he could.
Just then there was a ringing from Stacy's gym bag that Jason was holding over his crotch.
"Damn it, not now", Stacy said as she reached into her bag. It was her boss, Mr. Sanders.
"Yes Mr. Sanders?"
"Stacy, listen, we overrode the system and were able to get into your files. There's no longer a need for you to come up here, but thanks anyway."
Stacy smiled as she pulled her gym bag from in front of Jason's crotch.
With keeping her gaze on his bulge, she kept talking to her boss.
"Ok no problem, Sir, I'm glad it worked out."
She hung up the phone and put it in her bag. She placed it down and turned back towards Jason. She grabbed his hand and placed it on her right breast. Jason appeared to be in shock. It took him a good 10 seconds to get himself together. He smiled and placed his other hand on her other breast. Stacy reached down and put her finger in the waistband of his sweatpants. She slid it back and forth, lowering his pants a little more at a time. She stopped as the head of penis was still held down by his waistband. Stacy slid Jason's t shirt over his head and tossed it away. She rubbed is chest and stomach, grazing him with the tips of her finger nails. She made her way back down to his groin. Stacy looked down, and started pulling his pants down. She was waiting for his cock to spring out but it just kept going. Stacy couldn't believe it. Finally it sprung out. Stacy's jaw was the one that dropped this time. Jason's dick was about eight inches, his huge head was smooth. Stacy squatted down and admired his cock some more before she slid it into her mouth. She needed two hands around it while she sucked his big dick.
Stacy rubbed her big tits while she sucked Jason's cock. She used her other hand to rub her wet pussy. She was so turned on by everything that happened that morning. She couldn't take it. She was so close to cumming.
"I need you to fuck me right now!" Stacy said as she pulled the huge dick from her mouth.
Just as she said that, Jason let out a groan. He arched his back and shot massive ropes of cum all over Stacy's tits.
"Motherfucker!" Not yet! I need to fuck that dick!" Stacy cried in frustration.
Jason was week in the knees. He sat down on the bench to gather himself. His big limp dick hung down off the bench, still dripping with cum. Stacy crawled now, on her hands and knees on the dirty locker room floor. She grabbed his cock and tried to wake it up, she licked it and put it in her mouth. But nothing. Jason was still in disbelief about what had just happened.
"What the hell?" Stacy said. She realized that he wasn't going to be fucking her any time soon.
"I guess I'm on my own." Stacy said as he rubbed her clit. She was hoping that someone would walk in. Moments later, someone did.
Stacy watched in anticipation as the locker room door swung open. But it wasn't anyone that she expected. Two police officers walked into the locker room. Jason, shot up and pulled his pants up, and ran out of the locker room.
"Oh now, he's awake." Stacy said sarcastically about Jason's sudden motivation.
The officers identified themselves as Officer Davis and Officer Smith.
"Ma'm, are you the one who has been walking around the gym nude?" Officer Davis asked.
Apparently one of the guests called the police when Stacy was in the lobby naked.
"Well yes sir, but I had an emergency. I locked my keys and phone in my locker."
"Ok, well what does that have to do with you performing sex acts in the men's locker room? You're gonna have to come with us. Please put some clothes on."
Stacy didn't even care about getting arrested at this point. Her pussy was soaked and she desperately needed to cum. She couldn't get over how much it turned her on being naked in the lobby. Stacy needed to take it further.
"No."
The police officers looked at each other in disbelief, "Are you refusing to put on clothes miss?" Officer Davis asked.
Stacy crossed her arms. Her big breasts sat on top of them. She slightly spread her legs giving the cops a good view of her pussy. She noticed they were both wearing body cameras and it excited her to know that there may very well be random people down at the station seeing her naked body.
"I said no."
The police officers nodded to each other and each grabbed one of Stacy's arms so they could cuff her. Once she was handcuffed, they led Stacy out of the locker room. When they made it out into the gym, there was a group of people waiting for them to come out. Just about every one of them recording Stacy with their cell phones. She was extremely turned on. Her big tits swayed as the officers guided her. She could feel her pussy dripping wet juices down her leg. Once outside, the officers placed Stacy in the back of the squad car. Officer Smith reached inside over her to buckle her seatbelt. As he did this, his cheek grazed her breast. She couldn't tell if he did it on purpose or not, but she loved it.
As they arrived at the police station, Stacy peered out the window of the squad car. There were massive amounts of people outside. She noticed a line of about 30 people which stretched from the entrance of the precinct all the way out to the street. Stacy assumed it was a line to pay traffic tickets. But she didn't care, she just wanted to get out and be seen by all those people.
The officers got out of the car and Officer Smith who buckled her in, opened her door to let her out. Just before reaching in to unbuckle her, he glanced at his partner. Officer Davis was distracted by someone asking him for directions. As Officer Smith reached in to unbuckle her, Stacy stuck her chest out as far as she could. He turned his head towards her breasts as he appeared to be "struggling" with the seatbelt. His face was about an inch from Stacy's left breast. She arched her back as much as she could and pressed her breast into the offices face. Her perky nipple was right on his lips. He ever so slightly sucked her nipple before he released the seatbelt. They led Stacy out of the cruiser and she stood facing the large building. It wasn't long before everyone in line turned to Stacy. Just as in the gym, everyone had cell phones recording. Stacy didn't think she could possible be more turned on but she was. They officers led her up the steps to the entrance of the precinct. As they got inside, she was walked to a holding cell. They unhandcuffed her and slammed the door.
Stacy was placed in the female holding cell. It was just steel bars. Everyone in the station could see right in. Other than Stacy, the female cell was empty. However, the adjoining men's holding cell was not. All eight men who occupied the cell were now up against the bars of Stacy's cell.
Stacy sat on the bench facing the detainees. She spread her legs, and felt her still dripping pussy. Stacy couldn't contain herself. She visually inspected each man from across the cell. She got up and walked over to the pack of wild dogs. Stacy walked along the bars of the cell, the hands were reaching in as far as they could to get a feel of anything they could. Stacy finally got close enough, and let the criminals grab her tits and whatever else they wanted. She knew it would only be a matter of time before the officers would notice and separate them.
Finally Stacy saw what she was desiring. Standing behind the group of fondlers was a man standing there. He had locked eyes with her. She looked down and saw his huge ten inch cock pointing strait at her. His pants were around thighs. Stacy turned back to make sure no one was watching, and she reached between the bars of the cell. She motioned for him to come to her. He did. Once he was close enough, Stacy grabbed a hold of his massive cock. It was the biggest cock she had ever seen. She turned around placed her ass up against the bars and bent over. The large man stuck his big dick though and slid it deep into her pussy. Her big tits swayed as he pounded her pussy. Stacy let out a loud moan but quickly placed her hand over her mouth to keep quiet. Stacy was in pure ecstasy. She was getting fucked finally and getting groped at the same time.
"Stacy Kimble! You made bail!" A loud voice said from behind a desk not far from the holding cell.
Stacy was so close to cumming and she wasn't going to ruin it this time. She didn't say a word.
"Yo Stacy Kimble, lets go you're outta here!"
Once again Stacy didn't say anything. She was finally about to cum. After a few more pumps from the massive cock, Stacy came all over his cock. She was in pure bliss. She held still for a few seconds with her eyes closed before being startled.
"Hey! I've been calling you!" One of the precinct officers was standing at the door of the holding cell. Stacy, still breathing heavy, turned back to the man who had been fucking her. He was standing there with his hard dick still out.
"Hey you can't leave now, I didn't cum!"
Stacy looked over at the officer and then back at the man. She knew how it felt to be on the urge of cumming and then not being able to. She couldn't do it to him. So she got down on her knees and put his fat cock in her mouth and started sucking it.
"Hey! Knock that off, you can't do that shit in here!"
The officer began fumbling with a large set of keys. He struggled to find the right key but wasn't having any luck. Moments later the man came into Stacy's mouth.
"Thanks baby" he said as he zipped up his pants.
Just as Stacy turned around, the officer got the cell open. Stacy smirked at him and opened her mouth revealing a mouthful of cum. She smiled again as she swallowed the load right in front of him.
"Let's go lady, your husband is here to pick you up."
He led Stacy back into the lobby and opened the front doors. He pushed Stacy out by the shoulder and closed the door. Stacy was standing outside, still naked, in front of a whole new line of people. She took a deep breath and walked down the steps, her large breasts swaying. She noticed her husband Tom standing by his car parked in the street. Tom was just staring at her.
"Why are you naked?"
Stacy got in the car and said,
"It's a long story Tom, I don't want to talk about it right now...oh, and I'm gonna join the gym."