Men, men everywhere.
Not a woman in sight.
Colin stood at the hull of the ship, taking one last look at the place he had been calling home for the last fourteen months.
The island had a barren, sickly look to it; a bit like someone that had lost a lot of weight in a short space of time and had come in to work too quickly when he should have been resting at home.
The white sand that had been laid on all the streets gleamed in the bright, baking sunshine. The population of workers had reduced drastically as much of the work had been completed, but he could see the remaining ones strutting about with wheelbarrows and all manners of machinery. They were covered from head to toe to protect themselves from the searing, unforgiving sun.
Don't take it the wrong way; Colin loved the sun as much as the next person, but having to work under it all day, every day for more than a year had taken its toll on him.
He hated the island. Honestly, he never felt gladder at the prospect of leaving a place behind than at that very moment.
This particular piece of land in the Bahamas had not even existed five years ago. One day, a vacationing American billionaire named Don Peterson had a light bulb moment. The conversation between him and the Bahamas government went something like this:
Hey fellas. Can I reclaim some land on that reef over there and build a five star resort?
But it would destroy the reef! It's a very delicate and important part of our ecosystem.
I have money.
Say no more.
And so the reef was utterly annihilated, sand was sucked from the lagoons nearby and dumped on top of it, making a small island that took about half an hour to run around.
Colin knew that last fact because he had run around it many times.
In the evenings of course, when the sun would not burn him into a crisp.
But now that ordeal was over and he was on his way home!
He was never the sort to get easily excited, but seeing the familiar streets, shops and his favourite hangouts made him feel oddly giddy.
He was sitting on the back of an Uber, head against the window and looking outside. He also felt comforted; knowing that his mom's cooking awaited him.
No more eating piss-standard muck for lunch, imagine that!
At long last, the car stopped in front of his place, and the driver quickly got out of the vehicle to take his luggage out. Colin was grateful for that; he didn't know if he had the energy to lift anything heavy at that very moment.
Colin couldn't really recall much of the day before, except for being on the receiving end of several bear hugs from his parents and older brother Josh.
Josh was 31, two years older than him, and had driven with his wife Lisa down from Houston to be there for his welcome party.
They would be joined by their neighbors, the Pattersons; James, Darlene and their kids Rob and Carla.
Colin was particularly looking forward to meeting Rob again, his closest friend since high school when the Pattersons moved into the neighborhood. His half-sister Carla was a lot younger; only eighteen and just graduated from high school herself.
He took his time before getting up, savouring the familiar smells of his bed linen, taking in the way the sunlight peeked onto the wall adjacent to his bed.
Oh yeah, he was home alright.
"I'll get it!" yelled Colin, rushing off to open the door to let his neighbours in.
He swung the door open and was met with a chorus of greetings. Darlene was the first to come forward and give him a motherly hug, before Rob and his dad both were patting him on his shoulders.
As they went inside, one by one, he came face to face with Carla.
And his heart skipped a beat.
The heck?
As they sat around the table, talking loudly and laughing, reminiscing and joking, Colin couldn't help but steal furtive glances at his best friend's sister.
Maybe, he thought, his mind had gone awry because he hadn't seen a young, vibrant woman up close for so long.
Ever since the Pattersons moved in around thirteen years ago, Carla was merely the younger sister.
She was only five when they first met, and was the annoying young girl who would attempt to gatecrash their Playstation gaming sessions. She would throw fits when she wasn't handed a controller, until her mom swooped in and took her away.
Colin never really interacted with her, save for the politeHellosto her and her friends who sometimes stayed over as she got older.
And now here she was, sitting in front of him at the table, chewing on her chicken and looking dangerously pretty.
She had grown taller and filled in rather nicely in all the right places. Her dark hair was tied back, and her teeth gleamed pearly white against an attractive tan.
He wondered where she got that tan from. He knew that she used to be in her school swimming team. Perhaps they often swam outdoors.
She looked up and they met eyes. Colin hastily looked down at his plate, taking an inordinately long time to cut up his piece of chicken breast.
After dinner, he went over to his neighbor's and watched a dumb science fiction movie with Rob. It was one of their favorite pastimes when they were together, mostly to laugh at the awful acting, terrible plot and special effects.
As he lay in bed later that night, his mind's eye decided to flash unbidden images of Carla.
No you fucking idiot, she's only eighteen. Eleven years younger than you for God's sake! She was only seven when you were her age.
In any case, there was no way in hell that he would look for anything more from the girl. Rob was the main reason, plus their parents had always been on excellent terms with his and he wasn't going to risk any of that just to lust after their teenage daughter.
Colin tied his shoelaces before making his way outside.
The early morning air was crisp and welcomingly cool, although he knew that he will be sweating like mad after around ten minutes of running uphill.
He was doing his routine warm-ups and stretches when someone called out his name.
He turned around and saw Carla approaching him, with that darned smile on her face that his mind had suddenly decided to find endearing.
"Hey Colin, mind if I join you?"
He raised his eyebrows.
"You run?"
She laughed.
"Yeah, don't sound so surprised. I started a little after you left last year because I was having trouble maintaining my weight. I wanna stay fit for college."
"Oh that's good. Yeah of course you can join, I could do with a partner," Colin replied.
She smiled, and they chitchatted as they did their stretches. He learned that she had been accepted at Granville University and would be going off in the fall. She wanted to join the swim team there as well and sounded very enthusiastic about everything.
Colin tried to remember if they had such a long, fruitful conversation before, but failed. He suddenly felt bad for not paying more attention to this girl, because she seemed to be levelheaded, articulate and very enjoyable to converse with.
He took the opportunity to look at her more closely as she stretched.
There was no doubt that she had grown up to be a rather beautiful yount woman. Her deep brown eyes were the same colour as her hair, and he was suddenly struck by the fact that her heart-shaped face with high cheekbones was very similar to her mother's.
She was wearing a red vest and running shorts. Swimmers engage in a procedure known as "shaving down", meaning they had to shave their body hair down to the skin in order to improve aerodynamics.
He could see that she had not been skimping on that part during her break from swimming.
Her arms and legs were bare and as she raised her arms above her head to stretch, he saw that her underarms looked smooth, as though hair had never grown there before. He wondered if she waxed.
Once they finished their stretches, they ran up the road. Colin knew that she hadn't been running for as long as him, so he made sure to run at a comfortable pace for her. She worked hard and held up fairly well, albeit struggling briefly during the run up the hill just outside their neighborhood.
About forty-five minutes later, they were back, Carla panting noticeably harder than Colin. She leaned against the fence that separated their houses.
"Well, that was rather fun, wasn't it?" Colin asked lightheartedly.
Carla attempted to glare, but couldn't help but smile at him.
"You did that sprint on purpose, didn't you?" She asked between breaths.
"Yes," Colin admitted, "I like to do a little sprint at the last mile. You did a lot better than I expected, well done!"
She looked rather heartened by that.
"Can I join you again?" she asked hesitantly.
Colin felt his heart swell up.
"Of course you can! I really enjoyed this; I wish I always had a running partner now."
And so it became something of an early morning ritual for both of them. Colin would wake up at five-thirty, get ready and wait for Carla outside her house. They tried to vary their running routes just to keep things challenging and after a few weeks, he noticed significant improvements in both of them.
Running alone had its perks, but when done with a partner, Colin realized that he was more willing to push himself further.
Being an athlete herself, Carla had a competitive streak about her and this complemented him well too. Sometimes he did it just to impress her, but most of the time he found that her enthusiasm just rubbed off on him.
It was great and he loved it.
A couple of weeks after arriving from the Bahamas, he started going to work at the local headquarters of his workplace. He had spent much of his time since graduation from college hopping from one remote location to another and truth be told, it was starting to wear him down.
He had applied for a vacant supervisory role and luckily, they had accepted his request. He was happy to have his own desk and computer.
Really, it was time to concentrate on the more important things in life. He had had his fun.
Rob was already married and had a baby on the way, while Colin had never been seriously involved with a woman all his life. He wasn't one of those people who vowed to remain celibate; he just happened to be married to his work.
Now that he had landed himself a 9 to 5 position, it freed up a lot of his day to pursue other tasks.
Carla crept up behind him just as his mind was engrossed with these other tasks. She poked his sides, causing him to yelp and jump. She laughed.
"Urgh I wish you would stop doing that. What if someone sees?"
"Well," she said, "Then they would know that you're ridiculously ticklish."
It was Saturday morning, which happened to be their longest run of the week. They ran at a comfortable pace around the town, taking in the sights, savoring the early morning air, occasionally waving at familiar faces.
By the time they returned an hour later, they were both drenched in sweat but in high spirits.
Colin loved the runner's high.
"Hey, Colin," Carla started.
"Yeah?"
"Do you have any plans for next weekend?"
She was gazing at him in a rather peculiar way. He could sense a bit of hesitation in her. The way she stood, her hands knotted, with eyes full of doubt in what he assumed were signs of nervousness, suddenly made her look very young.
"No," Colin replied, wondering what was coming his way. "No plans yet. What's up?"
"Well," she began, wringing her hands while standing on one foot, "I was wondering if you would like to go camping with me. I was supposed to go with a couple of friends but they had to call it off. I still want to go, but you know, it will be weird to go camping alone."
"Erm, sure. I haven't been camping for a long time; do I need to know survival skills or what?"
She laughed, looking rather relieved.
"No, no, it's not that sort of camp. We're going to a place called Goyle's Retreat. They have a camping ground and serve food and everything. We just need to take some stuff to keep ourselves clean."
"Do we need tents?" Colin asked.
"No, they have cabins. No need, unless the place is fully booked."
"Oh ok. What about clothes? Are running clothes fine?"
She smiled.
"No need for those either."
"So one set of clothes will do? How long will be staying for?"
"We have to leave by seven on Friday night. We will spend two nights there, hike and do camping stuff during the day. We can come back here by Sunday afternoon.
"Yeah, I'll definitely need a clean set of clothes then. How am I supposed to sleep in my hiking clothes?" Colin asked incredulously.
"Suit yourself," Carla merely replied, with a mischievous glint in her eye.
After arriving home from work on Friday, Colin took out his duffel bag and started packing. He put in some hiking shoes, three pairs of socks, pyjamas and a shirt and a pair of jeans.
He wondered why Carla mentioned that he won't need any more clothes. Perhaps she was trying to be mischievous, suggesting that he should sleep naked?
He suppressed the train of not-so-PG13 thoughts that his mind suddenly started throwing.
No, he would behave himself. Or Rob will ensure that his head will never make it back to his parents.
"Hey Mom, I'm going camping for the weekend, alright?"
His mother looked up, surprised.
"Are you leaving now?" she asked, looking at the duffel bag slung over his left shoulder.
"Yup."
"Oh alright, have fun then."
"Alright, I'll be back by Sunday afternoon."
"Okay dear. Who're you going with?"
Colin was just about to open the front door when she asked that question. He hesitated, wondering if he should tell her, then decided that she would find out sooner rather than later from Carla's mom.
"With Carla," he said over his shoulder, before quickly making his way out.
"Carla?"
Carla was waiting outside, donning a backpack and a purple spaghetti strap top. She looked rather fetching as always.
"You're travelling light," Colin remarked.
"What on earth is that??" Carla asked, observing his duffel bag.
"This," Colin began, stuffing his bag to the back seat and opening the passenger door for Carla, "is called a duffel bag, where I've put my essentials for the trip."
Carla sighed.
"You really won't need many clothes, trust me."
"What are you taking?" he asked, suddenly curious.
"Let's see: A towel, my toothbrush, toothpaste and other things to clean me up."
"That's it?"
"Yeah."
"Do they provide clothes there or something?"
There was a two-second pause before she answered.
"Yeah I guess you could say that."
"You don't sound so sure."
"Oh I'm sure, don't worry about it."
They sat in comfortable silence until they managed to drive outside the suburb.
"You said we may have to use a tent if the whole place is booked," Colin said.
"I checked," Carla said, "They said they tend to hit peak season somewhere around the middle of August, so we still have about three weeks until then. I know the owner; she's Patricia's mom. She has everything sorted for us over there."
"Who's Patricia?"
"She was on the swim team with me."
"Ah."
"So we'll be staying at a small lodge. That's where I usually stay when I go with Pat, but she's up in New York at the moment."
They drove for around an hour and fifteen minutes, Colin using his GPS. Darkness was falling quickly and the roads turned narrower and bumpier.
A few more minutes later, they arrived at a sign that said "Goyle's Retreat, please identify yourself at the security post".
There was also some smaller text, which Carla told him not to bother with, so they drove slowly until they reached a small hut.
A massive, bear-like man with a walrus moustache stepped out and approached the car.
Carla gave him some documents, upon which he dialed a number on his mobile, and then lifted the boom barrier for them to proceed further into the wooded area.
"Enjoy your stay!" he said, waving.
"Here's the parking area," Carla said, as they finally reached their destination. There were very few vehicles parked there.
Colin chose a spot and turned off the engine.
"Wait."
He had just been about to get out when Carla spoke.
"What is it?"
She looked a bit hesitant again, then appeared to steel herself.
"I wasn't kidding when I said you won't be needing any more clothes, you know."
Colin stared at her.
"Okay. What do you suggest I take inside?"
"Well, things to clean you up, essentially."
"I would like a clean set of clothes too, when I go to bed and also when I'm not getting down and dirty doing whatever people do while camping."
"Not here, you won't need that," Carla said. "In fact, you won't be allowed to."
"Why?"
"This is a nudist camp, Colin."
After this particular revelation, several minutes passed where he first chastised her for not telling him about the nature of this camp, then worrying about how he should behave there and finally accepting his fate.
Carla, to her credit, was very patient and seemed to expect this.
She explained that nudity was expected on the premises, and that it would not be a big deal since everyone would be nude.
More minutes passed as he tried to steel himself, but Colin finally relented and asked Carla to lead the way.
They walked across the car park towards a line of tall pine trees, through which Colin thought he could see light.
They made their way up some winding stone stairs, turned left, and then found themselves in front of a small stone building.
"Come on, let's meet Mrs. Hoffman. Pat's mom," she added, seeing Colin's questioning glance.
They entered the building, which was lit with a warm, orange light that instantly gave off a feeling of warmth and comfort. Carla went towards the vacant front desk and rang the bell.
Colin heard the pitter patter of footsteps, and out stepped a completely naked woman from a door behind the desk. She caught sight of Carla and instantly broke into a wide, motherly smile.
"Carla dear!" she exclaimed, making her way around the desk before engulfing the girl in a warm, tight embrace.
"Hey Mrs. Hoffman, how've you been?"
"Oh not bad dear," she said, holding Carla at arm's length. "Just getting things in order before peak season. How was the journey? I will fix you up a bite to eat, ok?"
The woman appeared to be in her mid-forties. She was the same height as Carla, with shoulder length, light brown hair. She looked reasonably fit for her age, but her breasts were obviously starting to sag with age. She had shaved off her pubic hair.
It was a bit disconcerting to see a naked woman nonchalantly standing in front of two fully clothed people.
At that moment, she turned and seemed to just notice Colin's presence.
"Oh I'm so sorry. I'm Marge; don't think we've met before."
She stuck out a hand, which Colin shook warmly.
"Colin. It's a pleasure to meet you, and this place looks really lovely."
It took a great deal of effort for Colin to maintain his composure, but he felt that he had done a decent job. He was relieved that his voice hadn't turned up an octave, as it often happened when he was nervous.
"Wait 'til you see the rest of the camp," Carla told him.
Marge asked them to follow her, and they were escorted to the back room, where they sat at a small table.
"I'll bring you some leftovers from dinner. Don't worry, it's still warm."
And so they ate, Marge joining them at the table with a cup of coffee in hand.
"Colin here is my next-door neighbor and friend," Carla explained. "He's also my running partner now."
"Oh is that so? I don't think Patricia has done any sort of exercise ever since she left to New York. She keeps telling me that she's gaining too much weight," Marge said.
After dinner, the two of them followed Marge, making their way down another set of stone steps where they ended up in a clearing.
It was dark, so Colin couldn't really see much, but he could make out several cabins dotted around the place. Some of them had their lights on.
He noticed the way Marge's butt jiggled as she walked.
This was going to be a bizarre weekend, wasn't it?
They finally stopped in front of a cabin on the far side of the clearing. Marge used her keys to open the door and they stepped inside.
Cozy would be the perfect word to describe the place.
It was rather small, with the bed on the far side being the biggest piece of furniture inside the place. There was a tiny closet on one side, and large, sliding windows on either side. Underneath one of the windows were a desk and a chair. Colin could see an attached bathroom at the back.
"Right, then," Marge began. "There's a spare set of keys on the table over there. If you need anything from me, just use the phone right there; dial 1 and you will reach me."
"Thanks a lot, Mrs. Hoffman."
"Goodnight dears, see you at breakfast."
And then she left.
Now they were alone, and Colin was suddenly very aware of this fact.
"We should get some sleep," Carla commented.
And just like that, she turned around and took off her top.
She was wearing a pink bra underneath. Thank goodness for that.
She turned around and saw Colin rooted to the spot, staring glumly and she suddenly looked rather embarrassed.
"Sorry," she said.
They started at each other for a few seconds.
"Erm, maybe you can use the bathroom to undress? I will go in once you're done."
"Okay," Colin said automatically. He retrieved his essentials from his bag, very aware of the fact that he was leaving his pyjamas inside.
He went into the bathroom, shut the door, then leaned on the sink counter, heart hammering madly.
Come on buddy, get a grip!
So he brushed his teeth, washed his face and proceeded to undress himself. When he had done that, he stared at his own reflection in the mirror.
What would Carla think of my body?
He was tall and broad-shouldered. His black hair was perhaps a bit too long now; he really should have got a haircut when he had time.
He had a thick thatch of dark, curly hair on his chest. A line of matching black hair ran down his navel onto a nest of dark pubic hair, which surrounded his circumcised cock.
He couldn't even remember the last time he had attempted to tame his pubes. Will Carla be disgusted at the sight? Or would she even care?
He took several deep breaths, then opened the door and walked out.
Carla was sitting on the edge of the bed, her back to him and appeared to be peering into her phone. She looked around when he heard him, and smiled.
"Ah you're out. I'll just go and clean up now, yeah?"
"Yeah, okay," Colin replied.
Then he noticed their sleeping arrangements.
"You can sleep on the bed; I'll take the floor."
Carla was having none of it.
"Nonsense! We're both sleeping on the bed. Look at the size of it; me, Pat and Rachel have all slept on it at the same time."
She then took her bathroom kit and stood up, facing him for the first time. His breath hitched.
She was absolutely gorgeous. She had a nice all over tan, pert little breasts with dark nipples standing at full attention. Her stomach was flat and she was completely shaven down there.
"I won't be long," she said as she passed him.
Colin couldn't help but glance back. Her firm butt was the right shape. Of course it was.
Just perfect.
Considering how stressful it was, Colin actually fell asleep surprisingly quickly. He must have been really tired.
When he woke up, it took a few seconds to gather his bearings. The smells were unfamiliar and he felt something warm pressed against him.
And then it all came back.
He was lying naked in bed, beside a very naked young woman.
He realized that her arm had snaked its way around him and her hand was pressed against his chest. She was also pressed rather tightly against his back. He could feel her breath on the back of his neck.
Oh dear God.
He also wanted to pee badly and decided that he would shower and clean himself up before she woke up. Reaching out to the bedside table, he retrieved his phone and peered at the clock.
6:18.
He very slowly and carefully extracted himself from Carla, then tiptoed his way to the bathroom, closing the door as softly as he could.
After taking a shower, he dried off and stepped outside, wondering if he should wake Carla, only to find that she was already awake and sitting on the edge of the bed.
"Morning," he said automatically.
She smiled up at him.
"Good morning. You're up early."
Colin suddenly became aware of the fact that he was standing stark naked in front of her, his penis at her eye level.
"Not that early," he replied, his voice annoyingly going up an octave.
"Well, I'll go get ready now. Why don't you take a look around the campsite?"
Colin considered this.
"Yeah, why not."
He stepped out into the early morning air and was relieved to find the clearing empty.
Yes, he had crossed a major hurdle by getting naked in front of Carla, but he wasn't sure if he was ready to face complete strangers yet.
The clearing was surrounded by woods, with seven identical cabins placed within the vicinity of the trees. In the middle, a long table with benches on either side had been placed. He guessed that the tents will be set up in the middle of the clearing during peak season.
At the far end, perched on top of a hill was Marge's hotel, and also likely her residence, that he had visited the night before.
It was a pretty place; he had to hand it to Marge. It also afforded a great deal of privacy, which must come in handy at a nudist retreat.
As he walked around, he was very aware of his own nudity; the slightest breeze felt magnified when it swirled around his privates. He wondered how this lifestyle started and by whom. Maybe he should ask Carla later.
He decided to make a lap around the ground when he thought he heard the sound of running water.
Intrigued, he walked towards the nearest cabin. What he saw next made him stop in his tracks.
Just beside the cabin, there was a fully naked woman taking a shower outdoors. She seemed to be in her early thirties and looked rather attractive. She had long blonde hair that went down to the small of her back, now wet and dripping under the douse of water from the showerhead. Hear eyes were closed, which gave him an opportunity to observe her properly.
She was quite a bit shorter than him, with a large set of breasts that look magnified on her petite frame. She had a nice shape to her waist and like Carla and Marge, had shaved off her pubic hair.
Colin suddenly felt a sense of panic.
He didn't want to get caught gawking at the woman and he certainly didn't intend to startle her. So he took what he thought was the best course of action.
"Oh, hello!" he exclaimed, his voice up a few octaves again. He cringed.
The woman in question opened her eyes and blinked. She turned off the shower, wiped water off her face with her hands, then looked at him properly.
"Hey there," she said, giving him a dazzling smile.
"Hi, I'm Colin," he said, approaching her with an outstretched hand.
"Natasha," she replied, accepting his handshake. She used her other hand two run it through her hair and squeeze some water out.
It was a truly bizarre scenario. Here he was, standing stark naked in front of an equally naked, soaking wet woman outdoors.
"I'm new here," he blurted out.
"Oh that's why," she said. "For a minute I was really trying hard to remember your name. What a relief!"
They both laughed.
"Did you come here alone?" she asked, looking over his shoulder as though expecting someone else to be there beside him.
"No no, my friend brought me here actually. I'm staying over there," he added, pointing at the cabin he was staying with Carla.
"Who's your friend? Patricia?"
"No, Carla."
"Oooh I remember her. Patricia's friend."
"The very same."
Suddenly, a male voice came from behind him.
"Howdy," said a thickset man.
"Hey there," Colin responded. The man looked as though he used to be athletic once upon a time, but had let himself go after retirement. He was in his forties, with greying hair at his temples. He was also carrying quite a bit of weight around his midriff.
Colin was a bit relieved to see that the man was sporting pubic hair. He had been beginning to wonder whether it was common nudist etiquette to shave everything down there.
"Name's Charlie. I see you've already met my wife."
Colin was a bit surprised at first, but hid it.
"It's Colin's first visit to the camp. He came here with one of Patricia's friends," Natasha explained.
And so the three of them stood there and chatted for a while. Natasha resumed her shower while doing so.
Colin learned that Charlie was a retired bodybuilder and now owned his own energy drink business. Natasha was working as his secretary.
A family of four joined them as they were talking. They introduced themselves as Mike and his wife Lucy, and their kids Michael and Pam. The kids were eight and four and were happy to run around the campground.
Mike was a rail thin, balding man with an impressive toothbrush moustache and an even more impressive rug chest. His wife was rather portly and sported several love handles. Unlike the other women, she didn't shave her pubes, but kept them neatly trimmed.
After a while, Marge came down from the hotel carrying a large pot, with two other women on her heels. One of the women looked around her age and was carrying trays of tea and coffee, while the other, a much younger black girl who appeared to be in her twenties, carried a tray full of toast and cutlery.
Both of them were of course, fully nude.
Carla joined them all shortly. She was carrying two towels and handed one of them to Colin.
She tiptoed to whisper in his ear.
"Always remember to sit on a towel while naked," she said.
Colin did as instructed and they both plopped down on the bench.
The conversation at the table was light and jovial as they all enjoyed tomato soup with grilled cheese and toast. Colin learned that Mike and Lucy were about to leave with their kids after breakfast. They had been living at the camp for the last week.
When breakfast was done, everyone said their farewells to the family and went their separate ways. Carla asked if he was interested in a bit of hiking.
"Of course I am!"
"Yeah, but remember to wear shoes for this. We don't want to walk barefoot on the trail," she said.
And so they both took off, wearing nothing but their footwear. Carla led the way, which was good for him because it have him an awesome, unhindered view of her bare butt.
He observed the way her taught leg muscles flexed as she walked, the way her butt swung slightly from side to side. The muscles on her back were also well-defined; a result of her days on the swim team, no doubt.
The only worrying effect of these observations was that it was causing a bit of a reaction on him downstairs. His penis jutted out in excitement, betraying any feigns of innocence on his part. He tried hard to concentrate on other thoughts as they took a narrow path into the tree line.
"There's a waterfall somewhere along this trail," Carla explained. "I was thinking that we can take a dip when we get there."
Colin nodded. If she had observed his semi-erect cock, she hadn't acknowledged it. He was grateful for that.
They walked at a slight, barely noticeable incline, occasionally stopping to take in the sights. It was really beautiful; Colin enjoyed observing the trees, peculiar flowers and fruits and the occasional small animal. They tried to guess the sounds made by insects and other wildlife.
After a while, his cock turned flaccid again; he was simply too engrossed by the experience to be thinking of sexual thoughts.
He heard the sound of running water and saw a narrow wooden bridge ahead.
He walked ahead of Carla, made his way to the middle of the bridge and looked down. The water flowed quickly and the noise it generated was loud -- so much so that they had to yell to make themselves heard.
They finally found themselves at the waterfall after a few more minutes.
It wasn't big, but water fell from a small cliff into a natural pool. Carla glanced at him, then without warning, cannonballed into the water, splashing Colin in the process.
She came up, brushed hair off her eyes and laughed.
"Come on, this is big enough for the two of us!"
She splashed him with water again.
Colin jumped in beside her, deliberately making sure to make as big a splash as he could as revenge.
He came up to find himself face to face with her.
They stared at each other for a few seconds, before she smiled, turned around and swam towards the running water.
She was a quick swimmer, alright. It took Colin almost twice as long to catch up with her.
They stood under the waterfall, savoring the fresh, clean water for a while, then jumped back into the pool. They sat in comfortable silence, water up to their chests.
Colin was surprised when she came up from behind and wrapped her arms around him. She rested her chin on his shoulder and spoke.
"Thank you, Colin."
"For what?" he asked.
"For coming here with me."
A few seconds passed, Colin becoming very aware of the fact that her breasts were pressed against his back.
"Well," he began, his voice a bit hoarse, "you kinda left out some rather important details to bring me here."
"Mmm hmm."
"Why didn't you mention it?"
She was silent for a while, as though weighing her answer.
"Would you have come if I told you right away?"
Colin thought about this. Would he have agreed to join her as enthusiastically? He would have done a lot of overthinking, that's for sure. He may have chickened out at the thought of being naked among a bunch of strangers, or even rejected the offer in an effort to not sound too eager.
"I don't know," he admitted. "But I'm glad I came."
After walking back to the camp, they joined the others for lunch at the table. They enjoyed a roasted vegetable medley with some baked chicken, which was apparently Patricia's favorite.
After lunch, they rested for a while by lounging on the grass in the middle of the clearing.
It's nice to enjoy the sun for a change, Colin thought to himself.
They then joined the others for a game of volleyball. Colin, Carla and Shannon - the black girl who was helping out Marge for the summer, played on one side, while Charlie, Natasha and Marge played for the other team. Marge's sister Gina, the other lady who was working at the camp, played the part of the umpire.
It wasn't exactly Colin's best athletic display. This was mostly down to the fact that he was rather distracted by the two sets of perfect butts in front of him and all the bouncing boobs that were on display on the court.
Hey, he was a dude after all. Who could blame him?
In the end it didn't matter, because it was all fun and games. Charlie lumbering about trying to be agile was particularly hilarious for everyone.
"My husband has the turning circle of a small ship!" Natasha exclaimed.
Afterwards, they all went to their quarters to clean up, and later that night, they had an awesome barbecue in the clearing, where they chatted, ate a whole assortment of meats and had a lot of fun.
By the time bedtime rolled in, Colin was absolutely exhausted and ready to lie down and sleep pretty much anywhere.
When Colin woke up, it was just starting to get bright outside. Like the morning before, he found that Carla was pressed up against him. He could smell the now familiar flowery scent of her hair.
She was obviously a cuddler.
He then found that he was sporting an almighty morning wood. He was obviously going to creep into the bathroom before Carla woke up and noticed it.
But when he attempted to move, he got the shock of his life.
Carla's hand was wrapped around his cock. He froze.
He stayed there, rigid as a board for a minute, not daring to move. And then he glanced back to find a wide-eyed Carla staring back at him.
She looked nervous, a bit frightened, and a bit questioning. Colin didn't know how his face looked like, but whatever she saw caused her to let go of her grip on his cock.
And he didn't like that one bit.
He didn't know what came over him, because in one fluid motion, he had picked her up and put her on top of him.
Their lips locked and the first kisses were frantic. They had a hunger, an animalistic urge to them, where they poured out their unspoken desires onto each other.
Colin was now sitting up, Carla straddling on his lap, one hand in his hair, the other holding his back. He let his own hands roam her body, touch and feel her bare skin as though he would never get a chance to do so again.
He ran his hands up and down her back, on her waist, on her hard, erect nipples, and then trailed kisses down her torso.
She moaned.
She pushed back onto the bed, pushed him down with her hands and clenched them against his chest hair. She kissed his neck, his chest, his stomach, all the way down to his throbbing cock. She then went back up until their lips met again, now rubbing her pussy on his cock in a rhythmic motion.
Colin didn't know if he could last much longer.
He suddenly turned them around, so she was the one on her back, her hair splayed over the pillow and him on top. He reached down and touched her between the legs, feeling the wetness.
Just one look was all it took; the unspoken understanding to go all the way.
And so he entered her, at once feeling the warmth and wetness engulf his very being. She closed her eyes, shuddered and moaned quietly.
They danced, that slow, rhythmic, dance that is the carnal of all desires. God he had missed this feeling.
There was nothing quite like the pleasure of a woman, yet this time it felt different somehow.
Somehow, the pleasure felt magnified.
He could feel the inevitable explosion coming. He already felt the telltale sensations of her muscles contracting around his cock, as she arched her back, eyes closed, skin flushed. He took the opportunity to kiss her nipples, leaving a trail of kisses upwards until he reached the nape of her neck.
She moaned again, gripping his back with her fingers.
And then he came.
He felt pure ecstasy as he emptied his seed into her. He never wanted that moment to end and let out a growl when it did.
They lay there, panting and sweating for what felt like a long time. They were both on their backs, staring at the ceiling, trying to gather their thoughts about what just happened.
After a while, Carla turned on her side to face him. She put her hand on his chest and twirled the hair there.
Colin turned his head and looked at her. Hair clung to her face with sweat. She was flushed, eyes wide and bright. She then cupped his face with both hands and leaned in, giving a deep, slow and meaningful kiss.
After several more minutes, they were back to staring at the ceiling again. Colin sighed.
"What do we do now?"
They decided to use the outdoor shower. They applied soap and washed each other off.
Colin liked the feeling of her dainty hands on his body. She washed off his back, his chest and abdomen, thoroughly ran her fingers through his wild pubes, making sure that it got a good washing, and finally went down to his cock. Oh yes, he could get used to this.
She was standing behind him, washing off his cock when Natasha approached them.
"Oopsie," she said, laughing at the sight.
Her eyes didn't leave his nether regions as she talked.
"I heard you guys are leaving after lunch?"
"Yes we are. We will eat with you guys before we leave," Carla responded, seemingly unconcerned about the display she was giving to the other woman.
"Would you care to join Charlie and me? We're going fishing after breakfast; we plan to make a barbecue out of our catch."
Colin's cock had grown rapidly stiff as a result of her staring. He was now absolutely rock hard and throbbing, yet Carla wouldn't stop rubbing.
"Yeah, I would love to join!" Carla responded.
"How about you, Colin? Can you come?" Natasha asked innocently.
Colin was incapable of forming coherent sentences at that very moment. He was trying hard to hold in the inevitable cumshot.
"I really hope you come," Natasha said and right on cue, he lost control as his cock exploded, spurting cum on his stomach, in his pubes, on Carla's hands and onto the floor in front. He gritted his teeth in an effort to prevent himself from making any embarrassing noises, but couldn't help but close his eyes in pleasure as Carla shook his cock more vigorously, shaking out any remaining cum.
"Good boy," Natasha said, smirking, before walking away.
"Naughty boy," Carla whispered in his ear, before dissolving into a fit of giggles.
Colin groaned.
Natasha made no further comment about what she witnessed while the four of them engaged in trying to catch some lunch.
After about an hour, they managed to catch two large trout and a slightly smaller fish. No one knew what it was called.
"If only Mike were still here," Colin said. "Dude knows his fish."
They set up an outdoor grill on the grounds, Colin and Charlie being extra careful to avoid burning their bits, and made a barbecue.
Marge brought her homemade sauce and slathered it over the fish. The result was sinfully delicious and Colin was a bit disappointed that their catch hadn't been bigger.
Alas, it was time to leave.
All of them congregated in the hotel reception, Colin and Carla now fully dressed, and said their farewells.
Marge hugged both of them warmly.
"It was nice having you Colin, dear. Do come again!"
"I sure will," he replied. "Hopefully I'll get to stay a bit longer next time."
Marge beamed at him. He turned to the couple, and Charlie gave him a slap on the shoulder.
"Keep in touch, buddy. We would really like you to come and visit our little vacation home in Florida, if that's alright with you."
"Sure, of course. I'll be glad to."
Natasha gave him a brief hug and a peck on his cheek.
"Hope you come again," she said, and winked.
Colin felt his face grow warm.
The drive back home was unusually quiet.
Carla sat on the passenger seat, holding a book in one hand, playing with Colin's hair with the other.
He quite liked it.
Colin decided to park his car on his driveway, mostly as an excuse to carry her bag and walk to her doorstep with her. She didn't object.
"So," he began, when they stood in front of her door, "That was an eye opening experience."
She stood in front of him, gazing into his eyes.
"Would you like to do it again?" she asked.
Colin didn't know what she was referring to -- the nude camping or the sex part. He decided to take a risk.
"Yes," he said quietly, "I would like to do...it again."
"Okay, good," she whispered.
She glanced both ways, then stood on her tiptoes and kissed him again. When they parted, she stood and watched him walk away, a small, content smile on her face.