The notice stated: "Looking for volunteers to participate in social experiment, STD free, healthy body type, active sexually"
Notices were posted all over the campus, but no one knew who's the owner. The only contact detail was a skype ID, as sponsors were mentioned such titles as "Science Nature", "Medicine today", "Anthropology" and few others. Though each one contacted was mentioning only a grant name "Freedom". From one side it was quite safe and genuine offer but it had a lot of mystery and it was supposed to stay this way so subjects that will join the program will not be affected by any suspicions in their decision and behaviours.
Matt was a junior in the IT security major. This morning he was being interviewed to the basketball team, the thought he could continue his hobby that started when he was 8, but looking at all that came to that interview, he was lacking a resolve, not that he was a slacker, but treated playing as a way to keep fit and put out some steam in contrary to people who came there to play first, learn second (or third). Despite quick shower after the tryouts he felt he is still sweating like hell, it was very hot, summer were at the end, but sun did reminded that it is not going away just yet.
Looking for some shelter Matt came to an old wing of Human Science division, walls build with large stone bricks gave a nice chill to anyone who hid in its interiors. If he didn't have other classes and few appointments that evening, he would probably have stayed there all day. But looking at his wrist he walked up to heavy wooden doors and was about to leave when the odd notice caught his attention. Short ad got him curious, something tickled his insides. He was in a hurry, took our his phone and made a snap of the note. Then he left the nursing shadow into the hellish heat.
It was Saturday evening, Matt came from local swimming pool because it was the only place he considered worth to spend time in this heat. On a way home he took some snaps from under the arm of girls he met on his way home. Many had "no bra" rule, but he also wondered if this rule was expanded to the panty area. Unfortunately none of the pictures he took had shown that. Browsing he found a snap of a notice he found few days earlier after the bb tryouts. He read that again and again he felt nice tingling in his groin. His imagination was always colorful so this time also he easily connected no-STDs, nudity and freedom with some sexual activity. His first thought was that it may have been porn ad, but as swiftly he chare away that thought, porn sites don't sign their job adverts with science titles as their sponsors, not to mention that no serious brand would sponsor any porn initiative.
At the end of the brainstorm all he knew that some sort of sexual activities may be included and there was of course nudity. He thought about that for a longer time and he liked the idea. He liked to watch amateur porn online and he had great kick from a exhibitionists clips, public beaches, nudists. He thought for a long time if he would be able to go to nudist resort or something similar. He was visiting local sauna complex few times, but was not able to undid his towel and expose himself. He was constantly worrying that the moment he get it off he would get overexcited and everyone would see his state of arousal and the only thing that has it in bounds was the towel, it was more psychological, but nonetheless only this was keeping him together.
His run of thoughts led him to throbbing erection which he didn't have chance to take care of as he lost consciousness almost immediately after touching bed and laying his head on a pillow, this was very long day for him.
Next morning after waking up his cock wake up long before him. He thought that maybe he was hard all night, there was such possibility. He took off his briefs and started to wank. After few minutes he remembered that he is alone. His roommate went home for the weekend and was not going to be back before late in the evening. He stood and yesterday brainstorm came to him slowly, and equally slow was he sliding his hand over his shaft. He was uncircumcised and his glans was hidden under fold of skin, which he slide on and off the head, not really needing any additional lubrication to make it comfortable. With other hand he stroked his scrotum and held his balls lightly. Lazily he worked his hands on the private parts walking all over his dorm room and he felt really good. Actually so good he has not noticed when he started to leak precum all over the floor. He didn't want to make a rash stop, so he stepped closer to the window and in the moment he stood there he pulled the foreskin off the glans and spurted few strings of cum through that window and after pressure went down he dripped rest into his hand. That was some sort of achievement, he thought, he probably never came so "far". He was not pornstar-endowed but he was above average. Depending on the situation and level of arousal he was around 6 inches (20cm) so he "came" rather close of that window. So close that "someone must probably have seen me" came in his mind. He will never know, he was newbie here, he knew noone and noone knew him. What are the odds.
He cleaned up and dressed back in his briefs. He dug up his phone from under his clothes, found the ad and written skype name down on a notepad. Powered up his PC and waited. When system booted, few clicks lated he had his Skype running and search for the name. In details there was only "Meg and Jake" without profile picture, but "they" were online. He thought "well, it's not harm to ask" and typed into the chatbox:
"Hello"
After few minutes "Hi" came as answer.
He hesitated but the avalanche has started. He was man of his words, and didn't want to act like stalker or weirdo. But the cursor blinked like in anticipation of his next sentence.
He saw that "they started to write something" and waited.
MJ (Meg and Jake): "Hi, is all fine? What can I help you with?"
M (Matt): "No, I mean yes, hi."
After another minute
M: "I had saw your ad at the campus this week and wanted to ask if you could give me any details.
MJ: "Ok. What would you like to know, we cannot enclose all details, as they are part of the experiment, but general questions should find an answer."
M: "Ohh thanks, so how long the experiment last?"
MJ: "First part is planned for 2 weeks."
M: "First? How many people will be there."
MJ: "Yes first, and next stage will be decided later, depending on the results we will have."
M: "And people?"
MJ: "We want to include 10 subjects."
M: "Looking at your ad, the STDs etc, will there be any sex included?"
MJ: "Yes and no. What I mean it will depend on the subjects will. That why we require all participants to be tested, safety comes first."
M: "That sounds ok. Logical and stuff. Finally, what are the money? Well I had to ask about that. It isn't total voluntarily, is it?"
MJ: "No, we didn't mentioned money in the add, so it wouldn't be a prime reason to take this job. It have to be a relaxed environment and subjects have to want to do that, not being put into this by personal financials. And it's 1000$ per week, for stage 1. The budget for second stage will be decided when the stage is going to be defined."
M: "That's not the best money, but not worse either. Where it is? Could I drive there by bus, train? I will have to be back at my dorm before midnight."
MJ: "That won't be needed."
M: "How so?"
MJ: "Subjects are going to be living there. For whole program, unless they would want to leave early, but we hope that will not happen."
M: "It will be like prison or hospital?"
MJ: "No, no, more like a tv show, you saw Big Brother?"
M: "Yes."
MJ: "It will have similar idea."
M: "So we will have to go around and play home?"
MJ: "Subject will have to take active part in live there, the only demand is that subject will get naked when we will require that."
M: "Ok, that sounds legit, sort of."
MJ: "So are you interested?"
M: "Let me think about that, thanks for a chat."
MJ: "When you will decide, we will perform an interview with you, just ping us."
And chat came into silence.
Matt's mind was now a bit relaxed. He stood up from his chair and felt his penis hit desk from below, this was not long, but felt like eternity and in addition he now noticed he was hard all the time. On other hand he felt he needed to pee, so his first steps were in that direction. After emptying his bladder his erection went down a bit, he was still swollen, but not stiff anymore.
Everything was new to him, he stood there in the bathroom in front of a mirror and was intently thinking about what have happened earlier. His eyes analyzed every inch of his body and he was taking all pros and cons to make a conscious decision.