Live Stream 5

"Well, some of you might know just how wrong I was. I didn't even have a following back then. A handful of comments on my photos seemed crazy to me." Sophie said.
Her phone vibrated, and she looked at it. Her eyes looked slightly shocked before she closed it and looked back at the camera.
"But having those photos online, seeing what unknown men were saying about my body, it was like an addiction. I wanted more; I needed more," Sophie said, her eyes heating up as she spoke. "Good old Harry had to come into my life. That was the first time, except for Sam, I guess, that my slutty online persona sneaked into my real life."
Sophie smiled and blinked a few times.
"Oh Harry, I guess you're partly to blame for all this as well," She said. "He was the first man to truly treat me like a slut. My addiction had only just started. I had turned the gas on, but you lit the match."
Guest819:Who was Harry? Did we ever see him fuck her?
"You never met Harry, officially anyway" Sophie answered to a number of the questions, "but it was my first ever, let's say, dirty photo online. I had actually shown my tits with another man's cum all over me."
Once again comments kept flooding in.
"The day after I posted that photo of my tits covered in cum, the shock when I remembered, it was the first time I got a feeling of regret, a feeling that became a constant in my life after that," Sophie explained. "Amazing highs of knowing men were looking at me, having earth shattering orgasms, followed by the regret of the disgraceful actions I had done. Rinse and repeat."

Chapter 4 - Fucking Harry

Over and over, Sophie read the 43 comments on that one photo of her tits with cum all over her. Each one made her just a little bit more turned on until she was at the state she was in now, a horny mess.
Her dildo was sliding in and out of her pussy as she read the comments.
The photo had only been up two days, as well.
I wonder how many have actually seen it? I bet it's loads! All looking at me being a slut!
A notification popped up in the corner to show that she had received a message.
DaveD:Nice photo. Any more of your tits, so I know you're legit?
Sophie had received a surprisingly high amount of messages like this, people wondering if it was actually her uploading the photo. It made sense since most of the photos on this website seemed to be done behind women's backs.
Not Sophie though, oh no, she was happily posting them for all to see.
She uploaded one of the photos she took the other day when she did her own little photo shoot, one with her tits completely out and her skirt still on, then sent it to this stranger.
DaveD:Fucking hell, your body is amazing! Thanks, slut!
Fuuuckk yes! That's me! Go wank your big hard cock now!Sophie moaned as she pushed the dildo in and out of her pussy.
A minute later another message arrived asking for more photos.
Sophie enjoyed getting the messages, but it wasn't efficient when it came to fucking herself.
Fuck it, I'm sending them to anyone who asks anyway!
She uploaded all the photos she had taken except for any with her panties off and officially posted them onto the site.
There they were, her body, no face and no background, but certainly her body, completely on show for the world to see.
Then Sophie wrote a post.
"I'm getting a lot of messages asking for photos. I've just posted all the photos I have saved that I'm willing to send out. In return I want your filthiest messages of what you'd do to me! I want you to comment what a slut I am, so treat me like a whore!"
Her fingers typed frantically as she was desperate to get back to her pussy.
It didn't take long for messages and comments to start pouring in. Sophie had one hand opening them as the other hand played with her dildo filled pussy.
"You're a pathetic little whore, showing yourself off like this on public! Dumb sluts like you deserve to be fucked like a cheap skank!" One read.
"That body needs to be covered in more cum! And soon!" Another one said.
"I would have you tied up and let you just take cock after cock after cock like the disgusting bitch you are!" Another one said.
Fuuuucckk yeees! I'm disgusting! I'm pathetic!!
Sophie was well and truly fucking her pussy as more and more comments came in. She was amazed by how many comments she received. In less than twenty minutes, she had over 30 messages, each one getting dirtier and dirtier.
Men described how they would take turns fucking her, slapping her about, spitting on her, or telling Sophie in great detail how disgusting and filthy she was.
Sophie loved it. The only downfall, if there was one, was everyone kept calling her Beth. Sophie would love to see her own name being used as these men talked filthily to her. However, that was one of her safety nets to stop this from ever getting out, so it was a shame that she had to live with it.
As she grew closer to her long-awaited orgasm, Sophie read a new message coming in.
BBG:How much to show your face?
How much? Is he offering me money?
Sophie stopped playing with herself to read that message over and over.This person actually wants to pay for photos of me?
Something about that made Sophie's entire body shiver with excitement,he must really like looking at me!
She typed back.
Beth18:As nice an offer as that is, I don't show my face.
BBG:Come on, you fucking slut, I'm so close to cumming over your pics. What will it take? £100?
Fucking hell, that's a lot of money!
Beth18:I'm sorry, but I can't. I hope you like my photos anyway.
A minute or two later, he sent Sophie a photo of his phone with her picture on it and his cum all over the phone. She could see his cock at the side, as well.
How did he take this photo?Sophie thought but suddenly, actually seeing that someone had cum physically over her photo forced a completely shocking orgasm out of Sophie.
"Whhaaaaatt the fuuucckk!" She moaned.
Her hands immediately went to her dildo and clit, not wanting to miss this orgasm.
HHOOOLLYYY FUUUUCCCKK! WHERE DID THIS COME FROM!
Sophie fucked herself hard as her body shook from her orgasm. By the end, her chest was heaving, and her pussy was drenched.
Fucking hell, that was unexpected,she thought to herself.
She clocked the time, not having looked at it in a while and realised she was nearly late for her lecture!
Fuck!
She slammed her laptop shut and put it into her bag, grabbed a shirt to quickly put on, and pulled her skirt down. She then went to grab her panties that she took off when she first started playing with herself.... But stopped before she grabbed them.
I could... maybe not wear them today? Oh god, what if someone sees! No, that would be horrible! But so fucking hot! No one would know! But I'd have my pussy completely free! Yes! That sounds fucking amazing!
Sophie argued back and forth until she realised she was going to be late! So, she left her panties on the floor and left.

--

She ran, bursting open the double doors that led to her lecture hall and was met with nearly a hundred set of eyes turning to look at her.
"Miss Rain, please take a seat. You've already wasted enough time." Professor Harrison said in his deep, masculine voice.
Sophie's face went red as she found a seat near the back, suddenly regretting her decision to not wear any underwear.
She sat down and loaded her laptop up. Without realising it, Sophie acted like she did when she normally wore jeans, and she opened her legs.
It wasn't until she felt a breeze against her bare, smooth pussy when she remembered.
Oh my god!She thought and slammed her thighs shut.
A couple of people around her turned their heads when they heard the noise of Sophie closing her legs, and she just smiled awkwardly at them.
This was so fucking stupid! What if someone saw!
But as the lecture went on and Sophie's fears slowly disappeared, something took its place. Excitement and desire... desire to be caught. To have someone stand up and shout, "That dirty slut has her pussy out!"
Oooh god yes!
The spot between her legs grew wetter, and Sophie had to physically squeeze her legs together every time her pussy twitched at the idea of being caught.
I know.
Professor Harrison was giving his lecture, but Sophie was fully up to date with her studies. To be honest, she didn't really need to be at this lecture, but it was just to make sure she didn't miss anything.
So as subtly as possible, Sophie took her phone and slid it between her legs. Gently moving her thighs apart, Sophie could just about see the camera and had a proper view of her bare, soaked pussy.
And... she took the photo.
Moving her phone back, she took a quick photo of her laptop open and the rest of the lecture room.
She pulled up Harry's number and sent him both photos along with a text.
Beth:Hey, just in my lecture and thinking of the other night...
She put her phone down, and as she looked to her side, she saw.... Jamie, a fat, ginger guy who was unattractive in nearly every way. But he saw her phone, and Sophie knew as soon as she saw that smile on his face that he saw what she just did.
Oh my god! He just saw me take a photo of my pussy!!
He looked up at her and smiled even more,I bet he's got a fucking hard cock now because of that!
Sophie's humiliation and disgust fuelled the fire between her legs.
I wonder how much he saw? Did he see the whole thing, my actual pussy? Or just my text. God I hope he saw my pussy!
As Sophie thought about it, another text come through.
Harry:You dirty little bitch. What you up to tonight? I'm free if you want to come round?
I'm already loving this friends with benefits thing!
Beth:Definitely, what time works for you?
Harry:I'm seeing my mates, why don't you get to mine for 1am?
1am!!! I was thinking around 5pm! I am literally just a turn up and fuck, aren't I?
Unsurprisingly, Sophie's pussy twitched at that.
Beth:Okay, I'll be there. You better bring your A game though and not be too pissed to fuck me properly.
Sophie loved being able to hide behind this "Beth" personality. Never in a million years would Sophie talk to anyone like that, but Beth would.
Harry:Oh, don't you fucking worry about that, slut. See you later.
Beth:See you later.
She still didn't know his exact age. She knew he wasn't actually at University and assumed he was around 30, but she couldn't be certain.
When Sophie looked back up, Jamie was still looking at her.
What would Beth do?Sophie thought.
She turned, looked at him and whispered.
"Take a picture; it'll last longer." She whispered and then grabbed her tits from outside of her top and squeezed them in front of him.
Jamie smiled and a hand moved to cover his crotch and his probably hard cock.
"I've already seen your picture." He whispered back.
What?! He doesn't mean,Sophie panicked and looked down at the phone in her hands,he just means this one photo doesn't he... there's no way he has seen my other photos online or knows that it's me!
Sophie started to panic, worrying that she was about to be outed. She grabbed her laptop, stood up, and charged out of the lecture hall without listening to a word the Professor said.

--

"Cara?!" Sophie shouted when she got home, barging through the door.
She marched through the rooms.
"Cara?!" She shouted again.
Oh, thank fuck!
It was many hours until she would go to Harry's.
Sophie got into her room, yanked her skirt up and plunged three fingers deep into her drenched cunt.
Oooh fuck! Imagine if he knows it's me!She moaned,If he knows it's my naked body online!
Sophie fingered herself faster at the thought.
Dirty pervert! He's probably cum time and time again over me! What if he told someone... oh god, imagine Jamie and his mates all looking at my body! Laughing! Cumming because of me!
Sophie mixed between rubbing her swollen clit and fingering herself.
"Yes... Oh god, tell them," Sophie moaned. "Tell everyone about me, Jamie."
Her hips started to move as she made herself feel better and better.
"Let everyone know it's me, not Beth." Sophie kept moaning as she finger fucked herself. "Show everyone the photos! I want it! I want them to know it's me!"
If everyone knew it was me! That would be so embarrassing!
Sophie imagined everyone in the University finding out about her. She thought about her pictures being posted all over the halls and everyone in her classroom laughing at her.
"FUUUUCKK YESS! THAT'S IT! I'M A SLUT! YOU ALL FINALLY KNOW!" Sophie shouted as she got closer and closer to cumming.
"SHOW THEM ALL!" She moaned, "EXPOSE ME! SHOW THEM THE REAL, WHORE, SLUT SOPHIEEE FUUUUUCCCCKKKK!!!"
Sophie's body shook up and down as she came over and over again at the idea of everyone finding her photos.

--

"Hey, you home?" Cara shouted, Sophie was sitting on her bed reading all the comments on her photos.
Each one sent a little wave of pleasure throughout her body, although she hadn't made herself cum again since she wanted to save it for when she was with Harry.
"Yeah." Sophie replied.
She got up, wearing just a hoodie and some jogging bottoms and headed to the living room where Cara was drinking an iced coffee.
"Good day?" Cara asked.
"Yeah, same old boring stuff." Sophie replied.
Cara turned her head and let out a smirk.
"So, no bra today?" Cara laughed out.
Looking down, Sophie could see that even with this baggy hoodie, her big, heavy tits were very clearly not supported! Worse, her big, hard nipples poked through!
As mortified as Sophie felt, knowing that her roommate was seeing her like that actually turned her on.
"Sorry, needed a break." Sophie then joked.
As she walked over to the sofa, her face flush, Sophie felt her big tits bouncing around with every step.
"Don't be sorry, I'm just jealous I don't have them." Cara laughed out.
"You shouldn't be," Sophie replied and sat down. "They're a pain to lug around."
"Yeah, but I bet guys love them!" Cara replied.
Sophie blushed again knowing how much attention she was getting online about her tits.
Suddenly Sophie's phone started to ring. She grabbed it and saw her Mum was calling.
"I'll take this in the other room." She said and went to her bedroom to answer the phone.
"Sophie!" Her mum said, "We've not spoken in ages. How are you doing?"
"I'm good mum, how're you and dad?" Sophie replied.
"We're good," She said back. "Don't forget; it's your brother's birthday coming up, and we're all going out for dinner if you can make it."
Sophie remembered it was her brother's 20thbirthday soon, something she knew she couldn't miss.
"I'll be there; don't worry." Sophie replied.
"Excellent, and how's university? Still working hard?" Her mum asked.
"Yeah, it's harder than I thought, to be fair, but I think I'm doing pretty well." Sophie told her.

--

Fuck it's cold!Sophie thought as she rode the bus to Harry's house.
She was wearing the same hoodie and had gym shorts on, and she was showing a lot more skin than she ever used to, but she loved it.
Sophie still didn't have a bra on either, and she loved knowing that her tits were so easy to see as this hoodie hugged onto them, and also that her nipples poked through.
More than one person glanced at her tits as they bounced, and each glance made Sophie's pussy twitch a little more.
Eventually she got off the bus and knocked on Harry's door. Knowing she was in for a night of hot, rough sex had her on fire.
"Hey." He said as he answered it.
"Hey, can I come in? It's freezing." Sophie replied.
"Yeah, is that hoodie not keeping you warm?" Harry asked.
As soon as the door shut Sophie turned around, grabbed her hoodie and threw it off and onto the floor.
"I'm cold because I have nothing on underneath." Sophie said as seductively and slutty as she possibly could.
"Fucking hell, Beth," Harry replied. "Am I glad you texted me."
This strong, thirty year old man grabbed Sophie and shoved his tongue into her mouth.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned as she made out with him, grabbing onto his body with her small hands.
Harry grabbed her thick ass, and then reached and grabbed her bare tits.
"Oooh god!" Sophie moaned again as his thumbs played with her big nipples.
"I can't believe you went to a lecture with no underwear on." Harry whispered.
"Mmm," Sophie moaned again, "I was just so horny."
Harry spanked her ass through the gym shorts before grabbing them and pulling them to Sophie's feet.
His hands suddenly grabbed her thick thighs and pulled her legs apart. Sophie just about managed to look down before his tongue was licking at her bare, soaked pussy.
"Oooh god!" Sophie moaned. "This is what I needed."
Harry kept licking her pussy as his hands grabbed her jiggling ass, giving her another spank.
"Mmm," Harry moaned. "You needed to be my slut again?"
"God yes!" Sophie moaned.
One hand held onto his head as he licked her pussy, and the other reached for a table for support. Her short, thick legs already turned to jelly just from his tongue.
After a few minutes, he came back up her body and pressed his tongue into her mouth again. Sophie tasted her own pussy on him, and she moaned because of it.
"God, why did you make me wait so late?" Sophie moaned as she peeled his shirt from his muscular body.
"Nothing important." He replied.
Suddenly, his arms wrapped around Sophie's ass, and he lifted her into the air. Sophie wrapped her legs around his waist, and he held her like that. She felt so small, so weak in his arms.
"Where are we going?" Sophie asked.
They kept making out, only to break while Harry walked through the house holding Sophie. Before she knew it, they were in his bedroom, and she was thrown onto the bed.
"Had much action since we last met?" Harry asked, pulling down his jeans.
"None." Sophie panted, wanting his dick already.
"Yeah right," Harry laughed. "I bet you've given at least three blowjobs since our last night. Don't try and fool me, Beth."
Right, I'm Beth the slut.
She spread her legs and lifted her chest into the air to show off for this hot, older man.
"Let's just say, nothing has satisfied me like your dick has." She moaned.
Once Harry was naked, he straddled Sophie's waist. Grabbing her hair, he forced her up until his cock was tapping her thick lips.
Not missing a beat, Sophie opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around his cock.
"Mmmm." She moaned as her senses went into overdrive with the taste of his dick.
"That's it, my young slut," Harry moaned. "You really love it, don't you?"
"Mmmhm." Sophie moaned as she tried to bob up and down.
Her thick, wet lips ran all over his shaft as her wet tongue played with his head. Hearing Harry pant because of her mouth made Sophie's pussy beg for attention.
After a few minutes, she pulled back and smiled at him, panting for air.
"I want you to do something for me." She then said with a coy smile.
"What is it?" He asked her.
It was something Sophie had been thinking about all afternoon until she eventually decided that if Harry was up for it, then she would be, too.
She rolled to her side, grabbed her phone, and held it out to him.
"I want you to record me getting fucked." She bluntly told him.
Harry knew she was a slut, or at least he thought "Beth" was, but by the look on his face, even Harry was shocked by this!
"What? Are you serious?" He asked, taking the phone.
Sophie smiled again.
"Yeah," She told him. "No faces, just you fucking me."
Slowly she saw Harry start to smile as her foot went up and down the back of his thigh.
"I better get a copy." He told her.
She saw his finger move around the screen a few times.
"Don't worry, you will." Sophie said.
He pressed a button, and Sophie knew it was recording.
"Right," She moaned, "get that big, hard cock in my tight pussy now!"
"You dirty slut." Harry moaned.
With his free hand, he grabbed his thick, hard cock and aimed it for Sophie's soaked pussy. Even though she was drenched, his cock was still so big that she felt like it was stretching her.
"Oooh god!" Sophie moaned. "Yes! Fuck, you're so big!"
"You like it, don't you? Being a whore for me?" Harry moaned.
Sophie could see he was recording his cock going inch by inch inside of her, and knowing how hot this video would be, she moaned again.
"Yeees!" She shouted out. "I'm your dirty little young whore!"
Harry thrusted the last few inches inside of Sophie, and she let out an even louder moan.
His free hand then grabbed her big tits, moving the phone to aim at them.
"That's it, baby. Play with his big slutty tits!" Sophie moaned.
Harry was slowly thrusting in and out of her as he played with her tits.
"You like that, Beth?" Harry asked. "You just want to be my whore and take my cock whenever I tell you to?"
"Yes!" Sophie shouted, "Yes! Fuck me whenever you want! I'll be your on-call slut!"
Harry started to pick up the pace, his entire cock sliding in and out of her, making Sophie's pussy clench around him.
His hand gripped around her throat and choked her, forcing Sophie to struggle to breathe, but she fucking loved it!
"Fuck... fuck.." She croaked out.
He kept fucking her like that, but it was harder since one hand was holding the phone. Sophie was moaning louder than ever. She didn't know if it was for the video or because she actually loved that she was being recorded.
Then he pulled out.
"Get on your hands and knees!" Harry grunted.
Sophie moaned and spun around, getting onto her hands and knees. She arched her back, lifted her ass into the air, and waited for his big cock.
One hand gripped her hip, and Sophie knew the other was recording her.
Then, his entire cock was pushed balls deep into her desperate pussy.
"Fuuuuucck yeeess!" Sophie shouted.
SPANK!
"Tell me what you are." Harry moaned.
"A slut!" Sophie moaned back.
"Do you love cock?" He asked.
"I fucking love it!" Sophie shouted.
He kept fucking her and fucking her, his big, thick cock hammering away into her pussy.
It didn't take long for Sophie's pussy to start clenching around his cock.
"I'm gonna... I'm gonna... fuck I'm gonna cum!" Sophie moaned.
Her big tits bounced back and forth as he fucked her, her body drenched with sweat all over.
"Cum, you fucking slut! Cum as you get fucked like the whore you are!" Harry ordered.
SPANK! SPANK! SPANK!
"FUUUCCKK I'M FUCKING CUMMING!!" Sophie started to scream, "I FUCKING LOVE BEING A SLUT!!"
Her pussy twitched and clenched around his cock, and her entire body was shaking with pure pleasure as wave after wave of her orgasm battered through her body.
Sophie was moaning like a wild animal, panting and begging for more.
"I won't last much longer." Harry warned.
Sophie felt so fucking horny, even after her orgasm, that she suggested something she had never considered before.
"Cum over my face!" She shouted.
"Fuck, quick!" He moaned.
As they turned around, Sophie saw him putting the phone down.
"No! Record it!" She shouted, not caring at all.
Harry aimed the phone at her face and started to stroke his cock just inches away.
Sophie played with her big tits and moaned.
"Cum over my pretty, young face," She whispered. "Cover this dirty slut in your thick cum!"
"Oooh fuuucckk!" Harry then grunted.
His first shot of cum hit Sophie by surprise, striking between her eyes. She then opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue just as another load hit her face.
Shot after shot of his thick, hot cum landed all over her face.
Sophie caught some in her mouth, swallowed it, and moaned as Harry just kept cumming.
By the end, her face felt heavy with a thick load of cum.
"Fucking hell." Harry panted.
"Mmmm, I needed that." Sophie moaned and used her finger to scoop up some cum and lick it off.
"You really are one dirty bitch, aren't you?" Harry laughed.
"That's me." Sophie joked.
Harry put the phone down, and Sophie went to the bathroom to clean herself up. When she returned, Harry was on his bed on his own phone.
Just looking at his naked body and knowing how he treated her, Sophie was ready for round two.
"Listen, I've got to be up early tomorrow. It's probably best if you go." He told her.
Sophie felt a massive wave of disappointment. She looked at her phone and saw it was nearly 2am.
I haven't even been here an hour? He literally had me come over, fuck me, cover me in cum, and then tells me to go?
Sophie felt used, dirty, humiliated.... Horny.
"Oh right, yeah," Sophie whispered. "I'll erm text you next time I want to meet up."
She was hoping that would make her seem a little less desperate.
Harry barely said bye, and then Sophie left, got a taxi, and went home.
Luckily, Cara was in bed, so she managed to get into her room without any questions.
But her pussy still wanted attention. Sophie loaded up the "RealSluts" website and read the comments on her photos again. She hadn't received any new ones, but she knew how to change that.
Sophie pulled up the video that Harry took and watched it as it showed nearly 45 minutes of them having sex. He did get her face in a few shots, but Sophie was able to cut them out. In the end, she left it to only a five minute video, not wanting to give too much out.
She also saved a short twenty second clip of Harry cumming over her face. Sophie had absolutely no intentions of posting that, but it was a nice memory to keep saved.
Listening to herself moan though, Sophie was shocked by the words coming out of her mouth.
That wasn't me though, that was "Beth",She argued.
In her horny state Sophie uploaded the video onto "RealSluts" and hovered over the post button.
I wonder how many men will cum to this video. Watching me having sex. Seeing me completely naked, moaning and taking cock. God, I hope it's a lot.
She pressed the button and waited until it finally uploaded.
Sophie's pussy was still desperate to cum again, but she wanted to save it, to wait until the morning and make herself cum to the comments she had seen.

--

Sophie woke up late, but as soon as she did, she checked her post. Her pussy was soaked and desperate to be played with. She grabbed her dildo and laid back as the comments loaded.
"Fucking hell! That's one lucky guy!"
"Listen to this slut moan! You know she loves it!"
"Look at those big tits! Fucking hell, I bet she's fucked every guy she knows!"
"Dirty whore, you should be ashamed of yourself."
"I couldn't stop from cumming when I heard her cum. I wonder where she lives. I bet she gives it out for free."
Sophie had her dildo fucking her pussy harder and harder as she read the comments.
Cum for me. Cum while you look at me!
She then realised you could see how many views the video had gotten.
5,000!!!! Fuuuuuccccckkk yeeeeesss!
Sophie fucked herself faster, really battering into her drenched pussy as she kept reading them.
"I wonder how many she's taken at a time? I'd sure love a go in that ass!"
Sophie kept slowly fucking herself as she typed a new post.
Beth18:I hope you all liked the video of what I got up to last night! Send me the photos of you cumming to me! I want to see them all!
Well, it didn't take long for the photos to come flooding in.
Sophie's inbox was overloaded with picture after picture of cocks and pools of cum, all of them complimenting her body and calling her a slut!
Each one made Sophie's body shake with excitement.
Keep cumming for me! Cum as you look at this fucking whore!! Fuck yes! LOOK AT ME!!
Sophie's entire body trembled as another earth shattering orgasm battered through her body. Her dildo was sliding in and out of her gushing pussy as she bit her lip harder and harder.
It seemed to go on forever, and she even felt lightheaded and gasped for breath as her orgasm slowly died down.
Fucking hell, that was so good,she thought.
Sophie then closed her phone, threw on some clothes, and left her bedroom.
"Morning." She said with a happy voice as she sat down next to Cara.
"I hope you're gonna wash your hands." Cara said.
"What do you mean?" Sophie replied.
"You weren't exactly quiet then," Cara told her. "Play with yourself all you want, but I don't want your stuff over everything."
Oh my fucking god!
Sophie was mortified! Her best friend had just heard her fucking herself. With a bright red face, she walked to the sink and washed her hands.
"You got back late last night." Cara then said.
"Did... did I wake you?" Sophie asked, once again feeling embarrassed.
"It's alright, booty call?" Cara then asked back.
"Yeah." Sophie said, suddenly feeling ashamed of her actions.
"I'm impressed," Cara said and stood up. "I've got a lecture; you have fun."
Oh god, what am I doing? I'm meeting up with a practical stranger at 1am for sex, not only have I been posting naked photos online, but I actually posted a video of me having sex for thousands of people to see! Am I out of my fucking mind?!
Sophie suddenly started to feel sick over what she had been doing. Shame and guilt took over her emotions.
She grabbed her phone and loaded up "RealSluts", and within 5 minutes she had taken down her video and every photo... except for one.
It was her, completely naked with her legs spread open, but with her face cut out.
Sophie looked at the last photo, and her finger hovered over the button to delete it... but something was stopping her, something inside telling her not to do it.
She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and went to move her finger to finally press the button.
When a beep came from her phone.
Looking at her screen she saw a new message had come through. Quickly clicking on it, she realised it was very different to any other she had gotten.
JaneBby:Hey, loving your posts babe! It's nice to see other girls like me do exist lol! Message me back if you want to chat, I know all the guys and dick pics can get boring on here! X
Jane? A girl?
Sophie turned the phone screen off and sat back, not having taken the last photo down.