As with one of my previous stories, I had someone in mind when I wrote the female lead for this story. While a bit stiff with her presentation, I find Ashley Mason to be a very attractive MILF. Her videos are easy to find on any of the most popular porn websites. Constructive criticism is welcome; anonymous flames will be deleted.
At 35 years old, Trey Wallace was doing pretty well for himself. After going Air Force ROTC at the University of Missouri, Trey flew C-17 transports all over the world. Because Trey was single and young with few responsibilities, he was willing to take routes and extra work that some of his older, married colleagues wouldn't. This gave Trey had a very healthy income and he lived near UPS's headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky.
Trey's home was in Indian Hills, an upscale suburb of Louisville. His home was on a small rise at the end of his street. His neighbors, Kevin and Carly Olson, lived across the street. The Olsen's' had two daughters, Mallory who was 21 and Megan who was 19.
Thirty-eight years old, Carly Olson stood 5'3" tall and 145 pounds. Carly had a generous bustline with well-rounded hips, broad, and a wide mouth with great teeth. While her best years were behind her, Carly's gorgeous dark eyes and forthright attitude brought her plenty of masculine attention. She was a stay-at-home mom thanks to her husband, Kevin.
In many ways, Kevin Olson was a forty-year-old boy. Only 5' 4" tall, Kevin carried his 206 pounds around his waist and stocky legs. Kevin worked for Toyota and was a genius at repairing industrial machinery. Kevin was a functioning alcoholic who could and would drink prodigious amounts of booze whenever he had the opportunity. Loud and brash, there was rarely a dull moment when Kevin was around.
After finishing his evening workout, Trey remembered it's Wednesday, trash night. As he opened his garage door he saw the neighbor's Chevy Tahoe pull into their garage. Trey turned the corner and started to grab his trash bin to wheel it down the driveway to the curb. As he parked his trash, he looked across the street at the Olson house.
Being a still night, Trey clearly heard Kevin's voice saying "Get down here, baby." Kevin then leaned his back up against the wall, and his wife Carly dropped to her knees in front of him. She quickly opened her husband's pants and began enthusiastically sucking him off.
From across the street Trey watched the show, leaning down with his elbows on top of his garbage bin. As there were over thirty yards between his perch and the Olsen's tryst, Trey couldn't see a lot of detail. That this was a live, spontaneous, illicit show made Trey's cock grow.
After several minutes, Carly pulled her face away from Kevin's groin. While Trey couldn't see the details, he knew enough to know that she was in for a facial. Sure enough, Trey saw one hand grabbing the back of Carly's head and pulling her face upwards. Trey involuntarily stood up at this to get a better look.
Two seconds later, he regretted standing up, as Carly's face turned directly toward him. She turned back towards her husband briefly, and he left to go inside the house. Carly stood up, looked straight across the street towards Trey, and wiped some cum off her face. Feeding herself with one hand, Carly raised the other and waved towards Trey, who promptly turned away and went back inside his house.
Friday night Trey guided his BMW X6 M50I down the street towards his house. He felt embarrassed as he saw Carly Olsen standing out by her mailbox, but still managed to wave as he pulled up into his driveway.
As Trey got out of his car and went around to the trunk to get his flight bag, he noticed Carly walking up towards him.
"Just flew in?" Carly asked, fingering the v-neck of her lavender cotton top. Carly was wearing yoga pants that may have covered her bottom but showed off some serious cameltoe. Her nipples were very apparent poking through her blouse.
"Yeah, got back from California. Long flight." Trey's eyes were drawn to Carly's chest as she fiddled with some strings on her blouse. Trey was a bit uncomfortable but aroused.
Carly stepped a bit closer, well into Trey's personal space. She looked him up and down, seemingly sizing him up. "I saw you pull in. Love the bimmer."
Normally very self-confident, Trey felt himself waver knowing that the woman in front of him busted him watching her giving head to her husband. "About the other night, Carly...."
Before he could say another word, Carly brought her right hand up and touched Trey's lips with the pad of her index finger. "Not another word."
Keeping her finger in contact with his lips, Carly continued. "You were a very naughty boy to watch me, you know. Kevin can be very demanding at times, and insists that I do what I'm told."
Trey mouthed, "I'm sorry," and Carly shushed him.
"Not to worry," Carly lightly brushed Trey's lips with her finger, and looked him for a long moment with her deep brown eyes. Then she sighed deeply and said, "Sweet dreams, tiger." Carly turned and walked back to her home.
Over the next couple of days Trey found himself thinking about Carly frequently. He stalked her on Facebook and Instagram. Seeing pictures of her with her family was oddly exciting to Trey- how could a mom to two nice kids be such an exhibitionist slut? One time he rubbed one out while looking at a head and shoulder shot of Carly, imagining her brown eyes looking up at him while she sucked him off.
Before Trey flew out to Ontario on Tuesday the weatherman warned of the potential for heavy storms coming to the Louisville area. When he returned home they had weather specials breaking in on the local news. Apparently, it could get really bad, and there were advisories to prepare for power outages and flooding in low-laying areas.
Trey had to fly out early on Wednesday, but was due back in by mid-afternoon from Rockford. Thinking it was best to be prepared, Trey headed to Kroger for some provisions.
After wandering the aisles for ten minutes, Trey ran into Kevin and Carly Olson on the bread aisle. Kevin greeted him with a loud, "Hey Neighbor! Stocking up on supplies?"
Trey noticed that the Olson's buggy was half-filled with alcohol. Three cases of beer, several bottles of wine, a case of White Claw Seltzers, a large bottle of Jack and another of Grey Goose. Kevin saw Trey eyeing their cart and said, "Yeah, we're not going to get caught short if the power goes out, that's for sure."
Trey replied, "I'm just getting some things to hold me over in case it gets bad."
Wearing a mid-calf raincoat and some leather boots with spiked heels, Carly looked at Trey like a lioness looks at her prey. "Nice to see you," Carly purred. Trey felt her eyes on him and once again was aroused.
"Nice to see you, too," Trey replied. Trey looked into Carly's eyes, wanting to see more of what he'd been thinking about.
Suddenly, Carly gasped, and her eyes glazed over. She turned to look at her husband, and said, "Kevin, stop."
Kevin had his cell phone out and said, "What?"
"You know what!" Carly looked at her husband who giggled at her.
Looking at Trey with an amused grin, Kevin said, "Carly told me how much she thinks of you, but I didn't think she'd be this excited to see you."
"Kevin, please..." Carly said throatily. Trey was puzzled as to just what was going on.
Trey asked Carly, "Are you OK?"
Carly moaned softly. "Oh my God, Kevin."
Kevin grinned widely and said, "You like that, honey?"
Trey looked at Carly, who seemed to flush. "Kevin, please."
A second later, Carly grabbed Trey by the arm. Her mouth pulled tight, Carly seemed unsteady. Kevin said, "Show him, baby." He fiddled with his cell phone.
Trey watched as Carly shivered and her eyes closed. Her grip on his arm grew much tighter, and she said, "Right here, right now?"
Kevin said, "Do it!" with a firm, wicked tone.
Looking up and down the aisle, Carly let loose of Trey's arm, unzipped her raincoat and opened it. She was naked underneath except for some sheer panties, and Trey took in her heavy breasts and the slim stripe over her pussy. There was something plastic and pink between her legs. Trey immediately felt himself grow in his jeans.
"She's somethin' else, ain't she?" Kevin asked Trey. "First the garage, now flashing you and showing her cum face, God knows what she'll do next."
Before Carly closed her raincoat she fiddled with the vibrator between her legs. "There," she looked at Kevin. "I turned it off, so you can put your fuckin' phone away." Looking at Trey she said, "He loves his toys."
"And I love my sexy wife," Kevin snickered.
"Asshole!" muttered Carly, and she punched her husband in the arm. "Go get some steaks and shrimp- I'll catch up to you in a minute."
As Kevin pushed the cart away, Carly adjusted her coat and flipped her wheat blonde hair back.
"You OK?" Trey asked, equal parts concerned and horny.
"Yeah, I'm fine. He's an asshole, but he's my asshole." Carly once again hit Trey with her deep eyes. She unzipped the top of her raincoat slightly, putting her cleavage on display.
Trey said, "You two have an interesting relationship."
"You could say that. When Kevin got me pregnant when I was 16, my parents disowned me. I thought I had a good relationship with my mom, but she said some things that hurt me badly when I needed her help. Lucky for me, Kevin has always been a good provider. He was the best mechanic at the Ford dealership at 18 and brought home good money."
"With no one else to count on, I worked hard to keep Kevin happy," Carly's eyes flashed briefly. "Over the years, Kevin's appetites have gotten... more exotic."
"Is that so?" Trey replied, feeling drawn in by Carly's story.
"Kevin likes to use and degrade me," Carly said as she dropped her eyes.
Trey replied, "Like what just happened?"
Carly paused, and quickly caught Trey's eyes. "He likes to make me suck him while he drives. He likes to open the windows when I have my head in his lap. It gets him off to have me service him in public. When he wants something, he expects me to perform, no questions asked."
"That must be difficult for you..."
Once again, Carly paused before answering. "It used to be."
It took him a couple of seconds, but then Trey got it. Carly hadn't been suffering under Kevin's peccadillos, she'd be enjoying them. In for a dime, in for a dollar.
"So you knew I was watching you blow Kevin"
"Of course. Kevin heard you wheeling your garbage out. He wanted you to watch."
Trey shifted his stance, opening his hips directly at Carly. "So my MILF neighbor is an exhibitionist cumslut."
Some women would have been offended. Carly just replied, "Um hum," and walked off to find her husband.
Looking at the weather reports Thursday morning, Trey was happy he as near his flight limits. For once, good luck was with him as he wasn't scheduled to fly again for the next four days. As much as he wanted to take care of some yardwork and play some golf, Trey new he'd be indoors for at least a couple of days from the looks of things.
Mid-afternoon the weather turned for the worse. Trey got a notice on his phone from UPS saying all flights out of Louisville were cancelled until further notice. A little after 5pm, the skies went seriously dark and the wind picked up. There was a loud crash of thunder, and Trey's electricity went out for about five seconds.
"Dodged the bullet," Trey thought to himself. While he was well prepared if power went out, he preferred electricity. After his cable box finished cycling up, Trey settled in his La-Z-Boy with a philly steak sandwich and some SEC football.
Sometime later, Trey awoke to the sound of his doorbell. The TV told him it was the third quarter of the game, and took a second to bring up his Ring Doorbell app on his phone. A second later Trey was greeted by the image of Carly Olsen adjusting her tits and pulling her hair back.
Trey opened the door. "Howdy neighbor, to what do I owe the pleasure?" Trey asked.
"How the hell did you arrange to keep your lights on while mine went out?" Carly replied. "Figures this would happen when Kevin is out of town. Problems at the San Antonio truck factory so he got the call late last night."
Trey gave Carly a quick once over and replied, "Just lucky I guess. C'mon in..." Trey opened the door wider.
"Wish I could, but I've got to get back home. I need to make Megan some sandwiches to take to her friend's house and get the dogs out while we have a lull in the storm." Carly handed Trey a small, heavy package. "Do me a favor and get this thing charged up, will you? I can deal with candles and flashlights, but I need my phone to keep working."
Trey looked in the bag at what he recognized to be a large lithium battery pack. Before he could respond, Carly quickly stepped up inside his house, kissed him on the cheek, and hopped back out. "Thanks, handsome," was all she said before she went back across the street.
Just before 9pm there was a knock at Trey's door. Carly had collapsed her umbrella and leaned it up against the door frame and was picking up a canvas tote bag when Trey opened the door. "My inconsiderate daughter used all the hot water before she left. I can go a day without washing my hair, but I won't be able to sleep if I don't get a shower. Do you mind?"
Not waiting for an answer, Carly stepped inside, saying "I'll have to think of something special to thank you."
Trey felt a warm rush. Caught off guard, he fumbled to come up with an appropriate response. "Second door on the left," was all he could come up with.
Carly took her cue, turned on the bathroom light, paused and smiled at Trey, and a minute later he heard the shower start.
Aroused, amazed, and slightly flustered, Trey sat back down in front of the TV. Being a voyeur was one thing, but what he was thinking about with both of his brains was another. After taking a long pull of his IPA, Trey's southern brain had won the debate.
Ten minutes later, Trey heard the door open. He stayed seated. "Your battery pack is fully charged and on the small table on your left," Trey said.
Carly was wearing a t-shirt and tan yoga pants. When she stood just to the left side of Trey's chair, he noticed the "100% Certified MILF" emblem on her t-shirt, her very noticeable nipples, and the small crevice in the crotch of her pants. "Nothing on underneath that," Trey thought to himself.
"That's much better. Now that I'm clean I'll be able to sleep." Carly shook her hair out of her scrunchee and tossed it back over her shoulders. Trey stood up from his chair and began to follow Carly towards the door.
As Carly reached for the door knob to let herself out, Trey tightly grabbed her wrist. "Where do you think you're going?" Trey spun her to face him, took the bag off her shoulder, and pinned her up against the door.
The change in attitude caught Carly by surprise. It wasn't unwelcome, just a surprise. Trey kissed his cougar neighbor passionately, and guided her hands to his crotch. "Why Trey, what are you doing?" Carly's face was upturned, inches below Trey's, her eyes anxious.
Trey briefly thought about the portrait pic that he'd jerked off to. "I do believe I'm going to fuck you, Mrs. Olson." He moved his face oh so close to hers, their lips an inch apart. He kept steady for a very long three seconds until Carly kissed him, sliding her tongue in his mouth.
"That's the best news I've heard in a long time," Carly purred. She unbuttoned Trey's jeans as she got down on her knees. Pulling the jeans and his underwear down to his knees in one motion, Carly held Trey's erection in one hand while she licked his shaft from bottom to top. Carly said "Very nice," sucked the head of Trey's cock, then swallowed him all the way down to the base.
Trey put his hands on the sides of Carly's head and held her down until he felt the pull. Letting her get a breath, Trey then pushed her back down as far as she could go. After several minutes of what Trey considered to be a world-class blowjob, Carly kissed the end of his cock. Rolling Trey's cockhead around her full lips for a few seconds, Carly said, "I need to ride you." As she stood up, Trey's earlier suspicions were confirmed as Carly quickly peeled off her pants and top- full commando it was.
As Trey lay face up on the couch, he eyed the thin slash of hair that rose up from Carly's pussy. She was well groomed, and Trey loved the slight sag to her breasts.
Some women will saddle up on their men while most of the thrusting comes from below. Others will actively ride on their partner's cock, sliding up and down on it. Very few women could fuck their men like Carly did. She rode him, grinding her hips down on him, thrusting herself back and forth. There was something extra carnal about the way Carly fucked, and Trey loved it.
"I've never had a woman fuck me like this before," Trey said as he squeezed Carly's tits while she was on top of him.
"Liar! I know goddamned well that I couldn't be the first woman to go for a ride on your wonderful cock." Carly continued to ride Trey, taking a moment to toss her hair off to the side.
Trey pulled Carly's head down to him and kissed her. "What I meant was that no woman has ever put a fuckin' on me like you're doing right now."
This only made Carly thrust harder, her hips swiveling faster and she started groaning. "Oh Christ, you're going to make me cum," Carly said in a low, husky voice.
As Carly reached her peak, Trey grabbed her ass cheeks and pushed himself as far into her as he could. Trey joined her, filling her up with his jizz. "Oh God, that's it, THAT'S IT!!!" Carly's eyes closed, and reopened seconds later with a look of satisfaction.
After basking in the afterglow of their sex, Trey and Carly got up from the couch, cleaned up and dressed. As she once again headed for the door, Carly said, "Would you mind if I told Kevin about this? He'll be so excited."
"As long as he doesn't show up with a gun, I'm cool." Trey kissed her once more, slapped her ass, and said, "Go home, woman."
Early Sunday afternoon Trey had finished his lunch and was getting ready to go clean up his yard after the storm. He had his front door open to let in more light, and looked out to see Carly walking up his driveway carrying a package.
Carly was wearing a sundress with spaghetti straps that accentuated her cleavage. Trey felt a warm rush as he opened his glass door for his sexy neighbor. "To what do I owe the pleasure, Mrs. Olson?"
Carly handed him a bottle of Johnny Walker Black Label. "Kevin wanted to send you something to say thank you," Carly said, smiling at her lover. "I told him about our recent escapades and he was very excited. He barely got his cock out of his pants before he came on me."
It was then that Trey noticed that Carly had cum sprayed across her neckline. He thought for a second, then put a dollop of Kevin's cum on his fingers and held it up. Carly eagerly licked it up while she looked straight into Trey's eyes.
"Do you have your phone with you?" Trey asked. Carly nodded, and pulled out her I-Phone from the pocket in her dress. "Great," Trey said, "Please call your husband now, and put him on speaker."
Intrigued, Carly did as she was told. "Hey babe, it's me. I've got you on speaker. Trey wanted to talk to you."
"Hey Kevin, it's Trey. Thank you for your gift. Unless you object, I'd like to return the favor." Trey put his hand under the hem of Carly's dress and wasn't surprised to find she wasn't wearing any panties. He began to play with her pussy. Carly groaned, definitely loud enough to be heard.
"Not at all- please do." Kevin replied.
Reaching for Trey's crotch, Carly said, "Kev, you might want to grab the binoculars from the hallway closet," and hung up the phone. "I assume you're OK with this," she purred to Trey.
"As long as he grabs binoculars and not a rifle scope, sure!" Trey grinned at Carly.
Carly replied, "No need to worry about that... the only thing he's going to put in his hands is his dick." Carly put her phone away and then began to use both her hands on Trey's manhood.
Moments later, the Olson's garage door opened and Kevin appeared. He set up a chair so he could watch, and put the binoculars he was carrying up to his eyes.
Seeing this, Trey lifted the back of Carly's sundress and began caressing her ass. Carly said, "So you're really going to ravish me in public while my husband watches us?"
"Unless a car comes and turns around in the cul-de-sac, I wouldn't call it public. But yes, I'm going to use you like a slut and your husband is going to watch."
Carly pushed him away. "And what makes you think I'll let you use me like a slut?"
Trey knew a shit test when he saw one. Without missing a beat, he replied, "Says the woman who came to visit wearing a pearl necklace." Trey spun Carly around so she was facing the glass door, and pulled her sundress up over her head. Trey groped Carly's breasts and kissed her neck under her ears.
"You ready to give Kevin a show, slut?" Trey dropped his pants, exposing his erection. He grabbed a handful of hair from the back of Carly's head, and she dutifully dropped to her knees and began blowing him.
Trey face fucked Carly for a minute, then pulled out of her mouth. "Kevin's probably frustrated he can't see." Trey sidestepped, Carly pivoted, and they presented a sideways view for Mr. Olson's viewing pleasure.
Carly turned her face to the door, blew a kiss, and then set out to give Trey the best blowjob of his life. She sucked his balls, licked his shaft, kissed his dickhead, and deep-throated Trey. For his part, Trey held Carly's hair away from her face so Kevin could see her mouth servicing his cock.
Once again, Trey pulled his cock away from his MILF neighbor. "Stand up!" he commanded, and Carly obliged. Trey turned Carly so she faced the door, pulled her hips towards him, and put his hand between her shoulders. Bent forward, Carly's face and tits were against the glass door. Trey entered her from behind with little effort as Carly was wet with excitement.
Trey fucked her this way for a minute, then took a half-step back. Pushing Carly's head down, be started doing her doggy-style in front of the glass door. Carly looked back over her shoulder at Trey, saying, "Fuck me hard, make him jealous."
Carly put her palms on the glass, and Trey pulled her hair to keep her face up. He began slamming himself into her hard enough that Carly's tits wobbled with each stroke. "Is this what you wanted, bitch?"
"OH GOD, YES!!! FUCK ME!" Carly screamed. It was loud enough that Trey was pretty sure Kevin could hear even across the street. Trey gritted his teeth and gave her all he had, fucking her like a released prisoner. "YES, YES, FUCK, YES!!!" Carly shrieked as her orgasm washed over her.
Feeling Carly contract and experiencing her orgasm sent Trey to the edge. He pulled out of her hot pussy and stepped forward towards her face. His orgasm rushed through his senses, and his first two cum blasts hit the glass door. His remaining shots went on Carly's forehead and cheeks.
Carly looked lustfully up at Trey, and said, "That was fucking amazing."
"Yes, it was," Trey responded. "Now clean it up." Carly used on hand on Trey's balls, the other on base of his prick, and sucked and licked him clean.
"Yummy," she said, and started to stand up.
Trey put a hand on her shoulder and said, "You're not done cleaning yet." He put his hand on her cheek and had her face the glass door. Carly caught on, and slowly, sensuously, began to lick the cum off of the door.
When she'd finished, Trey pulled up his pants, handed her the sundress, and said, "Thank Kevin again for the gift."
Carly pulled her tousled hair back, and said, "No need to thank him, I'm sure he enjoyed watching you use his wife."
Trey replied, "I meant the scotch."
Laughing, Carly said, "Bastard," and opened the door without putting her dress on.
Trey laughed too, and said, "Exhibitionist tramp," and waved at Kevin.
Kevin waved back, and watched his naked, freshly-fucked wife walk across the street in broad daylight. As she got to the garage, she tossed her dress at Kevin, who stood up. From his doorway he watched Kevin put his hands behind Carly's neck and kiss her. It was hard to see, but Trey was pretty sure that Kevin licked the cum off his wife's cheeks. Trey closed his door, went to the fridge and opened a beer.
Trey had to fly out early Monday morning. He got bounced twice, and ended up spending the whole week away from home. Every day he gone, he got video notifications from his Ring doorbell. Every day Carly was at his door, every day dressed like a coquette.
As Trey pulled into his driveway from his Saturday afternoon shopping trip, he saw Kevin washing his SUV. Kevin waved, Trey waved back, and Kevin quickly turned and went inside his house. Trey began unloading his car, and a few minutes later heard Carly scream "Asshole!" from her driveway.
From what Trey saw Kevin had just squirted Carly with the hose he was using to wash the Tahoe. Carly ran towards Trey to get out of range while Kevin was laughing and taking a pull from his beer. Carly yelled at her husband, "If you ruined my phone I'll beat your ass!"
"Promises, promises..." Kevin laughed back. He aimed the water stream in a high arc trying to cover the distance to his wife. "I'll be waiting!"
Carly turned, flipped Kevin the bird, and walked up Trey's driveway. Kevin's initial blast had done a number on Carly as her t-shirt clung to her chest.
"You've been gone for a while, cowboy," Carly greeted Trey.
"And you changed your hair," Trey responded. Carly had a loose perm with some highlights.
"You like?" Carly asked, cocking her hips and posing while poofing her hair. She did a little spin, displaying her cotton Hooters shorts.
"Yeah, it's cute. And I see you're advertising." Trey checked out Carly. Her nipples were very apparent under her wet top, which had a "Butt Slut" logo.
"Yeah, I'm advertising. Question is, are you buying?" Carly's lips looked moist and full with shiny red gloss.
"Why don't you come inside and we'll close the deal, darling," Trey replied. Carly grabbed Trey's hand, turned and waved to Kevin who was watching from the driveway.
Kevin waved back, and yelled, "Love you Babe!"
Trey led Carly back to his bedroom. Once inside he said, "Let's get you out of these wet things," and pulled the t-shirt up over her head.
Carly stepped into Trey, kissing him deeply. "I'm kinda hoping you'll get INTO my wet thing," she cooed.
Trey straightened out Carly's t-shirt, taking a second to admire the logo before spreading it over the back of a chair. "Butt Slut, huh?"
Carly stepped out of her sandals and pulled off her shorts. "Another one of my delightful skills." She pulled out her phone and fiddled with it for a second. "OK, it still works," and set the phone on the table. Then she went into the pockets of her shorts and removed a small tube of lube and a condom which she displayed to Trey.
Carly sat on the edge of the bed, naked, legs open. Trey noticed that Carly had done some trimming. Her pubic hair was short, but there was a clear outline of a V pointing down towards her slit. Trey put his hands under Carly's knees and lifted them while he knelt. "This is new and nice," he said as his tongue licked the crease inside her groin.
Carly groaned as Trey began working on her in earnest. "God, I've missed you."
Trey's hands spread her open, and he tasted her wetness. "Missed you too, babe."
Carly put her palms down on the bed and arched her hips up. "You do that very well."
Trey continued his oral ministrations. "Kevin really doesn't mind this?"
Carly lifted her shoulders and began running her fingers through Trey's hair while he serviced her. "Quite the contrary. He's turning into quite the cuckold. He licked your cum off my face after our last session, then took me inside and ate me out."
Trey slid a finger inside Carly's pussy, and began tickling her clit with the tip of his tongue. Carly squirmed, and began to play with her breasts, pinching her nipples and pulling them. "So he likes sloppy seconds?" Trey asked
Carly's breathing grew short and loud. She stretched her nipples out, digging her red nails in, and gasped. "He gets off knowing you're using me like a whore."
Trey stood up and plunged his cock into Carly's cunt. "And you get off being used like a whore, don't you!" He began fucking her hard and diddled her clit.
Carly groaned, her excitement building. Trey grabbed her ankles and lifted them saying, "I said, you get off being used like a whore, DON'T YOU!"
Carly pulled her nipples with one hand, and used the other on her pussy. She locked eyes with Trey and said, "God yes, I'm your whore, take me!" A second later her eyes scrunched closed and she started to cum.
As she subsided, Carly looked up at Trey and said, "I want some more of your dick." Carly swung around and put Trey in her mouth. "I dreamt about sucking you last night. I woke up wet, and when I saw Kevin lying next to me I had an idea."
Carly grabbed the condom and unwrapped it. She deep throated Trey, and then slowly unrolled the rubber onto his cock. Next she opened the lube and dripped some on the top of Trey's shaft.
Then Carly rolled over, got on all fours, reached back and squeezed lube down the crack of her ass. "So this is what you want, huh?" Trey asked, rubbing his cock in between Carly's ass cheeks.
Carly spread her ass open, and Trey pushed into her. Carly yelped as he entered her, and Trey paused. "No, I'm good, I'm good..." Carly said.
It took seven strokes before Trey was all the way in her butt. He grabbed her hips and set a slow rhythm. "That's so good..." Carly whispered. Trey kept this up for a while, then pushed Carly's head down into the mattress. He got up on his toes and began to punish Carly's ass with hard, deep strokes.
"Oh Christ, here I come, HERE I COME..." Trey cried. He let loose, then collapsed next to Carly on the bed.
Carly smiled and kissed Trey. "Glad you liked that," she purred and she began to carefully take the condom off Trey's cock.
"I got that," Trey said.
"Uh uh, I have plans for this," Carly replied. She tied a knot on the end of the rubber, and got up.
"Is that what I think it's for?" Trey asked.
"Probably so." Carly kissed Trey deeply, touched his cheek and smiled. She got dressed quickly while Trey lay on the bed. After she was dressed, she collected her phone and the rubber. Carly sighed, reached out and touched Trey's cock. Speaking to his member, Carly said, "See you soon," giggled, and kissed his cockhead.
Carly then tapped her phone, put it to her ear, and waited. "Get naked and lay down on the bed and wait for me." Carly blew Trey a kiss, and left.
When Carly got home she went to her bedroom where she found Kevin playing with himself. 'Couldn't wait, could you?" she said to her husband.
"God no," Kevin said, as he watched his wife undress.
"Your wife got fucked hard," Carly said as she sat next to Kevin, who continued to stroke his cock. "Ah ah ahh.... Not so fast, tiger. I have a treat for you."
Carly held up the rubber and untied it. "I'm going to fuck you with his cum on your cock."
"You're so fucking bad," Kevin said to his wife.
"And you love it," Carly replied. She put the condom up to her mouth, tipped the end up, and dumped squeezed the contents onto her tongue. Carly then spit some cum onto Kevin's cock, and stroked him. She then mounted him, and leaned toward his face. Using her fingers, Carly opened Kevin's lips, and snowballed the remainders into his mouth.