Chapter 4: Learning the ropes - Day 2
Tired of my breasts and nipples slipping out of my bikini top, I decided to put on a modest standard size bikini that I managed to borrow from one of my close friends. Unfortunately it was a little loud, gold in color. I am not too concerned as I knew I would be naked once the practice session started.
Candice skipped into the classroom to where I was standing, "Wah so conservative ah?"
Candice was dressed even more conservatively. She wore a crop top but has gone braless. However, she wore a string bikini bottom that completely exposed her clit.
Top wise, Candice was the most conservatively dressed amongst all the girls today. In fact, some of the girls from Thailand and Vietnam were becoming more daring as they came in mash revealing bikinis. There were two ladies whose bikinis hardly covered their oversized breasts. Their nipples strained their bikini top and their areolas were in full sight to all.
Candice twirled around to show me, somehow proud of her outfit, when suddenly, "Number 7, you can't wear more than a bikini. We have already told you during the interview. Please take off your top."
I poked at Candice, "Hey, they are calling you!"
Candice took a while to register the whole incident and nonchalantly removed her top.
I saw a few gasps at the sight of her breasts. I think she has the most perky and biggest breasts amongst all the girls there. Many could not take their eyes off her breasts. Candice was aware of their stare; she took a small breath in and huffed up her chest even further. I also noticed the body language of the two ladies with oversized breasts in micro bikinis as they put their arms across their chest - a sign of surrender and defeat.
"Is it you purposely want to show off?"
"Dammit, how I know crop top without bra also cannot."
"But you are very comfortable being topless. So many girls want to have half the size of your titty also cannot."
Candice stared at me with her mouth pouting in slight anger.
During the entire training session, I caught sight of many girls staring at Candice's breasts. Even the female trainer seemed to linger her sight on Candice's breasts longer than normal. Candice didn't display any form of discomfort from being completely topless.
It was finally the practical session. I promptly stripped and lay face down on the massage chair. Candice began to massage me.
"Miss big breasts, can press harder? You massaging or playing the piano?"
Candice didn't answer and I could feel a little more pressure from the kneading.
"Miss big breasts, your breasts kept touching my body."
"There's nothing I can do," Candice shot back.
After quite a long silence, I turned back to look at Candice. She was covered in sweat and her body glistened from the light. Her breasts were shiny from the massage oil that had rubbed off from my body. She was really a site to behold. Her face was full of concentration and she seemed to be fatigued. Beads of sweat can be seen forming on her forehead.
"Hey, you working out or massaging, why are you covered in sweat?"
She answered, half breathless, "You try massaging a piece of giant rock lah."
Again the trainer reminded us that we can touch our masseur's body. I reached out to grab Candice's breasts.
"Agghhh..." she let out a soft moan but otherwise continued her massage in a determined fashion.
"Let me disturb her further since she didn't protest."
I massaged her breast with one hand; squeezing and kneading. She let out more moans. Strangely I began to feel excited too, hearing her moans and seeing her glistening in sweat and massage oil.
"Ok. Enough, muscle freak. I can't concentrate."
I giggled with a smirk, "Are you going to 'torture' me by pressing harder? You can try."
But Candice didn't do that. Instead, she started massaging my clit. I let out a long moan.
"Oh wow, Ruth, they are hard. Is it because you are muscular down there too or you are excited?"
I answered in between moans, "Oh...ahh...stop it. I promise I am not going to grab your breasts."
"You better be more obedient, or I will..." and she did another three twirls at my clit.
"Hey!" I shouted in protest.
"Oh my god, Ruth, you are wet."
I could feel the hot flush from my embarrassment.
"For someone who is so fit, you sure are weak down there," Candice continued to tease me.
When the practical session ended, I quickly put on my bikini, afraid of being discovered that I was wet down under. This was quite unusual for me as I normally can't wait to strip naked with the slightest encouragement and preferred to prolong the time I remain naked.
And day two of the training ended.