While she definitely wanted to work on the dress code, both in her own room and the dorm in general, in deference to it being so early in the semester Jaina once again pulled a long t-shirt on over her bare form and sauntered out into the dorm proper.
After meeting and greeting a few neighbors she noticed a door open and a bespectacled young man sitting in front of what looked to be a very impressive computer setup. Leaning against the frame and crossing her arms under her chest, causing it to stand out against the thin t-shirt, she gathered his attention with a simple "hey".
Looking up, the nerdy guy paused for a moment as he took in a length of bare legs along with a smiling, pretty, barely dressed girl. "Uh, hey?"
"Howdy neighbor. I could use some help. I'm not great with the details of technology so I was hoping you could get my computer and phone on the school wifi and help me save some of the sites I'll need for classes and books? Based on your desk, I'm pretty sure you know what you're doing. I'm Jaina by the way, nice to meet you." She stepped forward into his personal space, putting the hem of her shirt almost aligned with his eyes from where he sat and extended her hand.
"Su...sure. I'm Evan by the way." Awkwardly he took her hand, trying not to be too obvious to the peeks he was sneaking at the bottom of her shirt, intensely curious if she was even wearing anything underneath. By the way her nipples peaked the fabric, it was obvious she was not wearing a bra.
"Excellent, nice to meet you Evan. Here, we can start with my phone and then if you don't mind we can go back to my room for the computer." Unlocking it, she quickly tapped her photos, leaving it open, apparently accidentally. The most recent pics containing the normal pics you'd expect along with a few naked selfies of herself in the bathroom mirror, on her balcony, as well as one of her and Josie bare from the waist up, in obvious post orgasmic bliss.
Still a bit stunned Evan took it and quickly pulled down her settings, setting her up on the campus wide wifi they provided. Closing out the settings the photo app popped up again and he froze for a moment realizing what he was seeing. Here was his beautiful dorm mate in all her glory as well as some other girl he didn't recognize. Forgetting Jaina for a moment he clicked through a few before coming to his senses and handing the phone back. "Umm, sure, you're all set now."
Accepting the phone and pretending to check his work she fought a smirk as she saw one of her nudes still occupying the screen. "Oh. Sorry about that. As you can tell from my attire and the pics, I'm not that shy. I only threw on the t-shirt because I figured there might still be some families around. I'm sure by the end of the week I can get away with being more comfortable." She looked up, smiling at him. "Hope I didn't offend you or anything."
"No, uh, not at all. I'm very sex positive and I think you should wear what makes you comfortable. Who am I to tell you what to wear?" He laughed awkwardly, obviously totally out of his depth with the confident vixen before him.
"I'm glad to hear that. We're going to get along great. So... do you have time to come to my room and set up my computer? I'd really owe you one!"
"Definitely. And you don't owe me anything. I'm glad to just make friends honestly." He said before standing and following her down the hall to her room. Shutting the door, she led him over to the desk and unlocked the laptop which already had the browser open including several salacious tabs behind the active one. Smirking, she offered her computer chair to him.
"Well, I'll let you get to it. I'm just going to use the bathroom real quick." She said before slipping into the ensuite.
Evan quickly got her set up, bookmarking the necessary sites, before curiosity got the better of him and he checked the other tabs. His eyes widened as he found a site for ENF videos, one for voyeur web photos, and some erotica fiction site. He quickly tabbed back to the school sites as he heard the bathroom door open and looked up. "Yeah, you're all set now uh...."
Jaina sauntered out once again wearing her favorite outfit - bare skin and a naughty smirk. "I decided to get more comfortable since you said you wouldn't mind." She moved over next to him, leaning over to take control of the keyboard, her hip pressed against him, her bare breasts hanging down, brushing against his forehead with her nipples practically in his mouth. After a few minutes of clicking around as she enjoyed teasing him she finally said. "Oh good, everything I need. Thanks so much, you're the best." She turned, straddling his lap and wrapping her arms around his neck. "You've been so kind. Is there anything I can help you out with?" An eyebrow raised mischievously.
"No, no... like I said you don't owe me anything. I just want to make friends. That's hard for me honestly."
Smirking again, she ground her pussy against his crotch suggestively. "That doesn't appear to be the only thing that's hard about you. I'd love to be your friend. I'm just thinking we could add some benefits to the relationship sometimes." Sliding off his lap and down to her knees in front of him, she deftly unbuttoned his pants, unzipped his fly, and then tugged them and his briefs down to his ankles. One eyebrow raised she licked her lips slightly at the above average member standing at attention before her. "Oh Evan... we're going to be such good friends..." Before she opened her mouth and slid his cock inside. Wrapping one small hand around the base, she slowly stroked as she bobbed up and down, wide eyes looking up at him in pleasure.
Evan gripped the sides of the chair, totally unaware of what to do in a situation like this. He'd just met this girl 30 minutes ago and now she was completely naked, on her knees, servicing him. While he has some sexual experience nothing had prepared him for this. Within minutes he became rigid, stammering out half sentences to try and tell her he couldn't last any longer before erupting in her mouth.
Jaina moaned as she took his load down her throat, swallowing several times, and slowing her suckling as she slowly brought him down from his orgasm. After a few last shudders from him, her mouth popped off his dwindling erection and she licked her lips. "Mmm. That was fun. We should do that again sometime."
Evan's lay there panting for a moment before the door opened and in walked the other girl from the pictures, this time wearing clothes. Josie was wearing tiny shorts and a thin crop top and started talking before she fully entered the room. "Hey Jaina, how was your day... oh... you weren't kidding about finding a cute computer geek." She exclaimed with a giggle.
Jaina stood up and stalked over to her like a hungry lioness. "No I wasn't. And I'm so turned on right now. Strip, now, and get on the bed with your legs spread."
Josie blinked, taken back at first but then slowly felt herself grow wet as Jaina became dominant towards her again. "But, I, uh..."
Jaina grabbed her by the wrist and led her to the bed in front of Evan. She quickly grabbed the hem of Josie's shirt, lifting it over her head, and tossing it aside. Then she whisked her shorts down and off, pushing her facedown on the bed, and spreading her legs open wide. Those being all she wore, she was down in position on the bed, with her pussy wide open and glistening facing Evan. "Now you'll see what you get for not following my orders." Jaina stood to the side and quickly spanked Josie once causing her to jump a little. "You are my toy. When I say strip, you strip. When I say spread your legs, you open them wide. I don't care where we are or who is there, do you understand?"
Josie bit her lip and nodded before Jaina spanked her several more times, causing her to moan. Jaina then flipped her over and pushed Josie back on the bed spread eagle. Looking back at Evan, who had now recovered and was standing at attention, she spread her own legs. "I have the perfect place for you to put that. I want you to fuck me while I eat out my little pet. I want you to fuck me so well she begs to be next." She then leaned forward, her tongue snaking inside of Josie causing her to writhe and moan.
Evan stood and moved behind Jaina, lining up and sliding inside. Grabbing her hips he thrust deeply into her at a steady pace until she finally came hard, slit squeezing around him, before he erupted again, this time inside of her.
The two of them slid onto the bed and flopped onto their backs, panting softly, as a whimpering, unsatisfied Josie looked pleadingly at Jaina. Jaina purred softly "Go ahead pet, finish yourself."
Josie, turned on beyond belief, fully embraced her new submissive role. Quickly she fingered herself to a shuddering orgasm, hips thrusting in the air, before settling down beside her two bedmates and the three drifted off to sleep.