Author's Preface: Everyone in this story is eighteen years old or older. The story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental. Constructive comments are always welcome.
This story follows the relationship between John and Laura, first introduced in "New Neighbors Pt. 01" in which they meet.
Enjoy
New Neighbor Pt. 06 - Thanksgiving at John's
Thanksgiving was on the last possible date, November twenty-eighth. It made for a short holiday season, and people were booked up for parties early.
At the cabin, John told Laura that he wanted to have a big Thanksgiving dinner at his house. Laura thought it was a wonderful idea. He knew it was short notice and that people would have families in town, but he had to try and get around all the obstacles. It was something he really wanted. If it wasn't on Thanksgiving Day, he'd be a little disappointed, but he'd take it. It had been a long time since John had been truly grateful on Thanksgiving. It had been a long time for Laura, too.
This was going to be a semi-formal event. No T-shirts and jeans. John wanted the men in good-looking suits and the women dressed for an evening out at a fancy restaurant. John was taking photographs of the couples.
Laura got on the phone Monday morning. They hoped to have at least fourteen guests and thought there would be more. This wasn't going to be easy on short notice, but John wanted to try.
Ken and Vicky loved the idea of a big dinner and offered to help. They had a lot to be grateful for too this year. They would be at the cabin next week but could help after they got back.
Katie was Laura's first call. She loved parties and planning them. She had been in a funk all fall. She was tired of dating losers. She'd been going out with a guy for a couple of weeks, and she'd like to bring him. "I'll finally have a date at a party," Katie said.
Cynthia and Blaire were thrilled at the invitation. After telling their parents that they were dating, they weren't on the best terms with either of their families. They'd wanted to give the folks another year to calm down.
Blaire told Laura that Ashley had a new boyfriend, and he was going over to her parents for dinner. Laura called August, Ashley's mom, and asked if they could all come to John's. August wasn't in love with the idea of cooking a Thanksgiving dinner for just the four of them, so she agreed.
Bridgette and Russell had planned to go to his parent's house in Nevada, but his parents had canceled. They got a good deal on a cruise over Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving was hard for Jackie and Ed. Both their parents lived in town along with brothers and sisters and already had two dinner invitations, but they could make an appearance at each house and then come by. They might be late and just have dessert.
Courtney and Rodger were the biggest problems. They were flying to see Courtney's parents in Chicago. They haven't seen the baby yet.
John complained to Ken that they almost got everyone to come. He explained that there was no way Cortney and Rodger could get out of going to Chicago to show the baby to Courtney's parents.
Ken asked, "Could they go on Friday instead?"
"I don't know but it would be really hard to change airplane reservations."
"One of our executives is flying to New York Friday in the company jet and they could drop them off in Chicago Friday morning. They'd need to fly commercial coming back. They wouldn't even need to go through security."
"Your company has a plane? We need to talk about where you work someday."
"They have a couple."
"So, you could take Vicky somewhere on a private jet?"
"Yeah. I guess."
"Don't tell her until you want to leave," John said.
"Maybe we could go somewhere. Oh, by the way, we just hired a new guy, Henry from New York, and he starts the Monday before Thanksgiving. He's divorced and has no family in the area so do you mind if I bring him along?"
"No, that would be great--the more the merrier. I'll have Laura add him to the list. She's going to email invitations, so I'll send his to you."
John called Laura and asked to see if she could call Courtney and Rodger back and ask about Friday. He told her there'd be one more guest.
After a round of conversations with Courtney, her parents, and Laura, they would be at the party with the baby. Courtney and Rodger were excited to be taking a private jet.
They now had nineteen people confirmed.
Once they were all on board, Laura sent out an email with a fancier description and the dress code. People who wanted to could spend the night.
Join Us for Thanksgiving Dinner
Thursday, November 28th
Party from Noon until Whenever
John's House
Dress to impress. John will be taking portraits.
You're welcome to spend the night - We have plenty of room.
John will cook breakfast.
-----
John's housekeeper, Marge, was thrilled about him having a big Thanksgiving party. She always worried that he was lonely. She was so happy when she found the extra toothbrush in his bathroom. She liked Laura.
As soon as Laura called Marge with the number of people coming, she ordered the turkeys and started the preparations. John just gave her his credit card. John had never had a party, much less a big one in this house and she was going to make this a special one. She spent the week before the party getting the house as clean as possible and would yell at John or Laura for leaving things out of place. She found the china and silver and realized there was not nearly enough. She rented twenty place settings. Laura told her there would be nineteen people but got an extra to be safe. She also rented silver serving dishes, trays, and everything else so it would all match.
The dining room was spotless, but the table only sat fourteen, so she rented an additional table and chairs. The dining room needed to be rearranged. It would be tight, but it would work. She ordered tablecloths and napkins for the table.
John and Laura tried to help but she shooed them away. They could make name cards and arrange the seating. This was becomingher party.
She got two huge turkeys and got as much of the food together as she could before the party.
She took over Laura's kitchen too. She needed the extra oven for the second turkey and her indoor and outdoor refrigerators.
By the time she was done, all the food was prepped. She taped notes to everything that said what time and which oven they should go in. She put out ten kitchen timers.
She begged John to let her come and cook for them, but he thanked her and said she needed to be with her family on Thanksgiving. Even so, she stayed until late Wednesday night making final preparations. Before she left, John insisted on taking her picture.
Ken and Vicky arrived early to help. They brought nice clothes to change into. They started helping Laura decipher Marge's cooking instructions. The turkeys were already in the ovens, so it smelled like Thanksgiving in the house.
People started arriving around noon, dinner was at 7:00. A few people settled in to watch football on TV.
For the first few guests, Bo ran to the door, but he wasn't wild about all these people in his house. He spent most of the day upstairs in his bed pouting. John hadn't even gone for a run today.
Ashley arrived with her new boyfriend, Luke, and her parents. It was nice to meet her parents, Larry, and August.
August said, "It's so nice to meet you, John. We can't thank you enough for helping Ashley with her portfolio."
"She's a special woman," John said.
John took Ashley aside and asked what her parent's rules were about alcohol. She said that wine during dinner was OK.
John said, "And you and Luke will definitely not drink too much tonight." She nodded.
As more of the guests arrived, John started taking couples off to the studio for their portraits. The pictures of the couples wouldn't take long and it was one of the reasons John wanted everyone to dress up.
-----
John was in his studio when Katie arrived. She was by herself and later than expected. She always came early to help. Laura noticed that her makeup was a little messed up and it looked like she might have been crying. She knew that something was very wrong. She went over, put an arm around Katie, and led her out the backdoor and over to her house.
"What's wrong Katie?"
"Nothing."
"Try again."
"I don't want to bother you with this at your party."
Laura just stared at her and waited.
"OK, I had a date with a guy I'd been going out with for a few weeks. I thought he was a nice guy. He called me yesterday and said he couldn't come to the Thanksgiving dinner."
"And?"
"I was upset with him. He knew it was important to me and I kept asking him over and over why he couldn't come. He finally told me that his wife surprised him by coming into town for Thanksgiving."
"I just stared at the phone. I had no idea he was married. He asked if we could get together to talk after his wife was asleep. I told him that I'd have to get his wife's permission first. What kind of person acts that way?"
"He went on and on about how he was going to get separated and how they weren't in love anymore, but I hung up on him. I wish he'd told me in person so I could have slugged him. A black eye might have been hard to explain to his wife."
"Now, I'm at another party by myself." Katie started sobbing and Laura just held her for a long time.
"I can't believe that I went out with him for weeks and didn't know he was married. I slept with him. How could I be that stupid? That poor woman. I feel so guilty for screwing her husband. Do I look like a home wrecker?"
"I just want to meet a nice guy that likes me. Is that too much to hope for?"
Laura said, "Katie, you didn't do anything wrong. That asshole took advantage of your trusting nature. We're going to deal with him, you know that, right? His wife needs to know quietly so that she can arrange to take all his money before she dumps the creep. Russell can give her the name of a ball-busting divorce lawyer. He's going to regret this."
"But you're still going to hurt for a long time. Don't let this make you less trusting. There are good guys out there. You'll meet someone."
"I shouldn't have come here today. I'm going to bring everyone down," Katie said.
"This is exactly where you should be today. Surrounded by people that love you. I'm going back over to John's and tell them that you're helping me out over here, while you pull yourself together. I won't say anything about what happened. I'm so glad you came despite that creep. Everyone at the party is your friend." Laura hugged her.
"I'll be OK. I cried all day yesterday. I can deal with this. It was just when I pulled up in front of the house and realized I'd be the only one alone at a party again, it got to me."
"You should have called me yesterday to talk. I'm always here for you and I always will be. Just relax for a few minutes. I'll be back soon."
When Laura came back from her house, Ken's guest, Henry, had just arrived with a bottle of expensive wine in his hand. Ken introduced him to Laura, and she was quite impressed with how tall, fit, and handsome he was. She welcomed him to the party and told him that she was sorry he had no family in town.
She called Vickie over and asked her to show Henry around. She needed Ken's help for a minute.
Laura took Ken aside and said, "You can't ask me questions. In fact, this conversation never took place."
"Tell me everything you know about Henry," she demanded.
"Well, he's coming to work for us as an electronics engineer. He has a master's and a Ph.D. from Stanford. He's incredibly smart."
"I'm not sure exactly what you're asking."
"Personal stuff, marital status, girlfriends, children, friends, does he like dogs."
"I don't think I should tell you about his personal life," Ken said.
"I don't want to, but I can call Vickie over."
"OK. He's divorced and he hates his ex, that's one of the reasons he moved across the country, he has no children, and if he had a girlfriend, he would have brought her tonight. He's been in town for less than a week. I don't know much; I've just met him."
"Do you like him?"
"So far, yes. Has anybody told you that you can be scary?"
"We never talked, right?"
Laura walked over to the main table and switched name cards. Vicky saw her and asked what was going on. Laura told her that Katie was helping at her house.
-----
Back at her house, she told Katie to pull herself together. They were going back over to John's.
Katie went to clean herself up and put on fresh makeup. Laura texted Ken, "Katie will be over in ten minutes to introduce Henry around. No questions."
Laura thought, "This could be a bad idea."
Katie came down from getting ready and said, "Let's go to the party." She looked much more like herself.
They went over to John's and Laura spotted Henry. She took Katie over and introduced them.
"Katie, Henry just moved to California to work at Ken's company. He moved here from New York and has just been here since Monday. Since he has no family in town, could you show him around and keep his glass full?"
"Sure Laura, I'll be glad to." She smiled like she knew that Laura was up to something. Laura just shrugged.
It may not have been the best timing with Katie's recent experience with men, but she seemed to notice how good-looking Henry was.
-----
John wanted pictures of all the couples, suitable for the office or over the fireplace. He couldn't spend as much time as he would like, but he still wanted to find the most flattering poses and lighting he could.
He started with the only married couple there so far, Bridgette and Russell. The pictures came out nice, and he thought it would look good in Russell's law office. He knew that people would comment on Bridgette. She looked fabulous all dressed up.
Next, he shot Cynthia and Blair. They were acting very happy and were fun to shoot. John thought that they were relieved that the group knew that they were a couple now. The slinky, sexy dresses that they had worn looked great. Both of them were models and were easy to direct. His problem with them was toning it down. Together they were just so damn sexy, he wasn't sure he could take a picture of them suitable for an office. In those slinky dresses, they almost looked sexier than when they were naked.
He called in Ashley, Luke, and her parents, Larry and August. He shot Ashley's parents first. He could see where Ashley got her beauty. Her mother was stunning, and her father was a tall, handsome man. He took several shots of them and then for fun, he asked Ashley to take some pictures of her parents.
"Everything is all set up. Look at them through the camera, tell them what to do, and push this button."
John was amazed by how good she was on the photographer's side of the camera. The pictures she posed them in, were the best of the bunch.
Then he shot Ashley and Luke. It was hard to take a bad picture of Ashley, but Luke seemed a little stiff. John suspected it was because Ashley's parents were there watching him with their daughter. John told her parents that their pictures were finished and told them to get some wine and hors d'oeuvres.
He tried again with Ashley and Luke and made comments like, "Are you sure that you like Ashley?" and "If I were her boyfriend, I'd stand a lot closer to her than that." Luke relaxed and Ashley understood what he was doing and started working with him. At one point, John said to Luke, "Her parents won't see these, why don't you kiss her?" He did and it was a nice shot. More importantly, it got him to loosen up, and the pictures were much better. Luke was finally having fun.
He told Ashley that he wanted to talk to her later. She had great potential as a model but John saw something else in her.
John wanted to shoot Katie and her date next. He hadn't been privy to all the things that had happened to Katie, but when he told her that it was her turn, he could see from her and Laura's expressions that he should move on.
The last people to arrive were Courtney and Roger with the baby. It's amusing to see a roomful of women drop everything and run over to see a baby. John wanted to take their pictures as soon as he could pry them away from the crowd. They had to leave right after dinner to get ready to fly to Chicago the next day.
He asked Laura if she could help for a minute. The pictures of Courtney and Roger were a snap. They were both professionals. John wanted Laura in there to hold the baby when he shot just the two of them together. Anyone could have held the baby, but John wanted to see Laura holding her. She looked so beautiful and nurturing that it took John's breath away.
He shot Courtney and Roger with the baby next and when they were done, he asked a favor.
"Can I take a picture of Laura holding your baby?" They agreed and John had Laura sit in an upholstered chair holding her. She wasn't made up for pictures; her hair wasn't even combed, and she'd been working in the kitchen, but the pictures of her looking down at the baby were full of love.
Laura had a strange look on her face as she gave the baby back to Courtney. It didn't last long but it made an impression on John.
The only pictures left to take were of Vicky and Ken, Laura and himself, and Jackie and Ed if they made it. It was getting close to dinner, so he took a break and helped with the food. He'd shoot those later.
He took candids of the people at the party, the decorations, and the table before the meal. He felt good. Everyone seemed to be having a good time and they looked great dressed up. He had a real feeling of being at home with friends.
After Katie had introduced Henry around for a while, she realized that in addition to being tall and good-looking, he was charming. She liked talking to him, it was easy and pleasant. It was fun being around him.
He didn't like football and they didn't need his help in the kitchen, so he asked Katie if she'd like to go for a walk. A long walk as it turned out. The people at the party noticed they weren't there. They walked around the cul-de-sac, and down the trail in the woods behind John's house. She showed him Laura's backyard with the pool, hot tub, and pool house. They just didn't seem to run out of things to say to each other. They sat on the bed/couch in the pool house. If it had been any other time in her life, she'd be thinking about getting him naked in the hot tub.
"Katie, are you dating anyone?"
"No, not since yesterday. How about you?"
"Not since my divorce a year ago. What do you mean not since yesterday?"
"It's a bit of a story I don't want to think about right now."
"Can I kiss you?" Henry asked.
"Do you have a wife or a girlfriend?"
"No. If I did, I wouldn't ask to kiss you. Can I kiss you?"
"I guess."
He gave her a soft warm kiss. Katie sighed.
"Promise me that you're not married, and you don't have a girlfriend," Katie said.
"I promise."
He kissed her again. It was an excellent kiss, but Katie knew she shouldn't do anything with Henery because she wasn't thinking straight. She'd just been fooled by that married asshole.
But it did feel wonderful when he kissed her. He made her feel warm and wanted.
It was getting dark. Katie took a deep breath and said, "We should go back to the house and see if they need any help."
-----
Katie found Laura and said, "Tell me that I shouldn't go out with Henry."
"Where have you been? We were starting to worry."
"I was on a walk with Henry."
"For three hours?"
"Yes. So, tell me that I shouldn't go out with him."
"Did you like talking with him for three hours?"
"Yes, he's nice. So, tell me not to go out with him."
"No. That guy you dated was a complete asshole. Maybe Henry is too, but Ken likes him, and I trust Ken's read on people. If you go out with him, you may not like him. But if you don't go out, you'll never know."
"You're no help."
"Did he ask you out?"
"No. But we kissed a little."
"Take it slow. I can't talk right now; I've got to work on dinner. But let's talk after we eat."
-----
It was six-thirty and Laura was carrying baskets full of rolls from her house to John's. John was waiting for her outside and when she came by, he said, "I have to talk to you."
"Later, things are going to burn."
"Let them. I need to tell you something now. It won't take long but it never seems to be the right time and I've never said this before."
"What?"
"I love you." Laura dropped the rolls all over the grass.
She threw her arms around his neck and said, "I love you too, but I didn't know how you felt."
She jumped up, to put her legs around his waist, and knocked him over.
They were rolling around on the grass when Vicky walked by.
"What's going on?" she asked.
Laura shouted, "We're in love!"
Vicky said, "And dinner is burning. Come on!"
Laura and John kissed again then got up and went inside to finish cooking.
Vicky brushed the grass off them. "You look like two teenagers."
"You don't understand, he told me he loved me, and I told him that I love him. Just now. Out loud."
"I understand. We'll talk about it after dinner." She kissed her on the cheek.
Before dinner, John took a picture of the table. Thanks to Marge, Laura, and Vicky, the room that he had never used, became the dining room. John, for the first time, was glad he had it.
John announced that dinner was ready, and everyone filed in, found their place cards, and sat down. John took a panoramic group shot of the table with the people seated. He texted Marge, "Thank you for a great Thanksgiving" and attached the picture.
Even Bo came down and lay down by John's chair. He knew John was a sucker and would give him some turkey.
John started to carve the turkey, but Laura took over because John had no clue how to do it right. Cortney, Roger, and the baby were at the small table along with Ashley and Luke.
Food was passed around and everyone ate more than they should. Laura and Vicky were closest to the door, so they had to shuttle in more food when dishes were empty.
After everyone had full plates, John tapped on his wine glass and stood. "I'd like to tell everyone what I'm thankful for this year. I'd love for anyone else to tell us what they're grateful for but there is no pressure. This is just the first year that I've felt truly blessed."
"I don't quite know where to start. There are so many things I'm grateful for this year I'm sure I'll miss some things. This year started with me being upset because my nice quiet neighborhood still had constant noise in it from the building of the house next door. Little did I know that five months later I'd meet Laura and my life would be forever changed. I've been blessed many times in my life, but never so much as meeting this woman that I'm deeply in love with. I realized how alone I'd been in my life before I met her. Bo was my only real friend. And then Laura threw a party, to introduce me to you. Her friends became my friends. You made me feel like part of your group. I've never had this many friends, now I'll never go back. I've never had a Thanksgiving celebration like this because I didn't know any people to invite."
Anyway, "To friends and lovers." John raised his glass.
Oh, I almost forgot Marge. This is really her party. She arranged for all the china, silverware, tablecloths, and even the extra table. I couldn't get by without her. And extra thanks to Laura, Vicky, and Ken who followed Marge's detailed instructions for cooking all this.
And I'm thankful to Bo for putting up with all the new people in his life.
When John sat down, Bo got a handful of turkey.
Laura stood up. "A year ago, I was a long way from happy. Morning my husband's death had become a habit, and I couldn't figure out how to get better. Fortunately, I had my girlfriends who wouldn't give up on me. They pushed me to build this house and to get out of my late husband's house. I was never going to get better there. When I moved in, I still felt alone until this handsome, tongued-tied man came to my door and introduced himself. Then he made me love him. My life changed that day. Who would have thought that I'd meet the man that I love so much, a few days after moving in? I felt alive again. That night was the last night I slept alone."
Ken and Vicky stood up and Vicky said, "We're both grateful to John for setting us up together. John had just met me, and I mentioned that I wanted to find a nice guy. A couple of weeks later, through trickery and deceit, he set me up with Ken. Who does that? We've been together since the day we met. I'm grateful that you've all accepted Ken as one of us."
Ashley said, "I'm grateful to John for being kind to me even though I haven't always deserved it. I'm also grateful to my parents, John, Laura, Blaire, and a lot of others for helping me with my career. I'm grateful to be in a group that will look out for me and I'm grateful to have Luke in my life."
Luke added, "I'm grateful that Ashley gave me a chance to go out with her and for this delicious meal."
August and Larry said, "We're grateful that older and wiser people are around our Ashley to help her and to look after her."
Courtney and Rodger said, "We're grateful to be here and to Ken who graciously got us on a private jet to Chicago tomorrow. We're so excited."
Cynthia and Blaire stood up holding hands and said, "We're grateful to all our friends for accepting who we are without question."
Henry said, "I'm grateful to Ken for giving me a job and for inviting me to this wonderful dinner. I'm also thankful that I met and got to talk to Katie today."
Katie looked at Henry and then stood and said, "We're all thankful to John and Laura for hosting this wonderful dinner." She held up her glass and said, "To John, Laura, and friends new and old."
They all tucked in and ate way too much. Marge made a glorious meal that everyone loved. The wine flowed and a good time was had by all.
Jackie and Ed finally got there, right as they were serving dessert. Jackie said, "We're sorry we're so late but we at least wanted to drop by. We've had two Thanksgiving meals today. Everything looks so great. I knew we should have ditched our families."
Laura offered dessert but they declined. John insisted that they get their picture taken. When that was done, John said, "Katie, Henry, I want a picture of you two. You look nice together." Katie glared at him, and he glared right back.
John still needed Ken and Vicky's picture, so he asked them to come back to the studio and he got that one. The last portrait was of Laura and him. John found Ashley and asked her to take their picture. The camera was all set up, all she needed to do was position them and shoot. She did an excellent job and put them in some poses he wouldn't have thought of.
John talked to her afterward and said, "I loved the way you posed your parents' for their pictures, and you posed Laura and me in ways I didn't expect. You have a talent for photography. I'd like you to learn about it. I know that you want to be a model and that's great. If you're successful, you'll get to travel and be famous. But that will only be for the first few years. Older models have to work hard to get jobs and it's mostly catalog work which I think would bore you to death. I may be wrong, ask some of the girls about it.
You're a smart and talented woman and I think you should explore being a photographer. The photographers who do fashion shoots are mostly men, and they might not get the most out of the models. You would have two different perspectives. One you're a woman and two you're a model. My guess is after a few successful shoots, you'd be in high demand. You can take pictures at any age. Look at Annie Leibovitz."
"Who?" she asked.
"I'll give you a book. The longer you work at it the better you'll get. Think about it. If you'd like I can show you the basics. There are classes at night and of course, they have degree programs in college. You have a studio at your disposal anytime. Even if you decide it's not something you want to do, it's always good to learn new things. It keeps your brain sharp."
-----
Three couples left after dessert. Ashley's parents were out past their bedtime, Jackie and Ed were exhausted from two Thanksgiving dinners, and Courtney, Rodger, and the baby had to get ready to go to Chicago in the morning. The rest of the group hung around at John's for a while and polished off the wine. They discussed who was spending the night, and everyone wanted to stay and get drunk and stoned. Laura suggested they move over to her place to sit outside on the patio. It was a little cool out, but Laura had patio heaters and a bunch of blankets.
-----
Katie and Henry disappeared after John took their picture.
"Why would you say you were grateful for meeting me at dinner?" Katie asked.
"Because I am. Do you want to go for a walk and talk some more?"
"I'm walked out. How about we go to Laura's patio." Katie said then paused. "Are you just trying to pick me up?"
"No. But I'd like to take you out sometime - like on a date."
"I'd like that."
They walked over to the patio and sat down.
Henry said, "I wish I'd brought my swimsuit. That hot tub looks inviting."
"No one wears swimsuits in there." She didn't mean that to sound like an invitation, but the hot tub did sound good.
They talked for about ten minutes and then Katie heard a bunch of people come out of John's back door.
"Henry, don't panic, but I think there are going to be a lot of naked people here in just a second."
The crowd arrived carrying bottles of wine and were surprised to see Katie and Henry already there.
Laura asked, "When did you two get here?" Laura was slurring her words a little and hanging all over John. Everyone was drunk.
"Oh, we came over after John took our picture to talk," Katie said.
Laura said, "Everybody is spending the night, so we figured we'd get drunk and get in the hot tub and pool. There are hangers in that cabinet for clothes."
Cynthia and Blaire had already slipped off their dresses and hung them on a chair.
John and Ken realized Henry was there and went over and talked, "I'm sorry Henry. I forgot this is your first time here. The girls like to be naked in the water. If it bothers you, we can find a swimsuit."
Katie came to Henry's rescue. She grabbed his arm, and they went over to John's house. Ashley and Luke were coming out as they went in.
Ashley said, "Luke already knows about the hot tub, but he's a twenty-year-old guy, and I wanted to give him a hand before we went over." Luke was looking a little disheveled. Katie smiled at her.
Katie took Henry in and said, "I'm sorry about that. It's not like a sex club or anything kinky. We just prefer to be in the water naked. Laura sort of made nudity highly encouraged. If it were warmer, we'd be sitting around the patio and house naked."
Henry said, "I should be going. I'll call an Uber."
"Please don't. Did you just see how Luke looked a bit dazed? That's because Ashley took care of him so he wouldn't get as easily excited. I know guys are embarrassed to get excited in public. It's difficult not too with a bunch of good-looking naked women around but you do become accustomed to it. I'd really like you to stay."
"I shouldn't."
"Oh, I've got a picture John took, at one of the parties on my phone." She showed him a group picture after dark with everyone naked. She zoomed in on it and said, "See? That's me."
"But I..."
"Will you stay if I give you a hand, so to speak? To calm your nerves. It wouldn't mean we're dating or anything."
"No. I..."
"Don't make me beg to give you a hand job. I want you to stay because I like talking with you. Let's go up to the guest room."
"I can do that myself." He was extremely embarrassed by the whole conversation.
"Are you saying that you can do a better job than I can? I think that's a challenge."
"OK, I'll stay but only if you'll go out with me tomorrow and you kiss me right now."
"You drive a hard bargain." She got up and gave him a long kiss. "You're getting the better part of this deal, but I'll go out with you tomorrow."
She grabbed his hand and took him upstairs to one of the guest rooms and helped him take off his clothes. He was embarrassed because he was already hard from the kiss and the thought of seeing Katie naked.
"Nice," she said as she looked at his stiff member. "Lie down on the bed next to me."
"Aren't you getting undressed too?"
"Not before our first date. Oh, and outside in about fifteen minutes." She smiled with her devilish Katie smile and wrapped her small hand around his shaft. He moaned as she stroked him up and down. She leaned up next to his ear and whispered, "Would you like me to do this quickly or should I make it take a very long time." He whimpered. "I guess that's a vote for a long time. Did I tell you I'm a model? I used to do runway and high fashion modeling but now I do mostly catalog work. You may have seen me in the last ever Victoria's Secret catalog." He was squirming on the bed, as she stroked up and down on his cock, barely touching it. "How long has it been since you've had a woman touch your cock?"
"Since my divorce," he hissed through clenched teeth.
"Oh my god, that's way too long for a virile man like you. I guess it's been a while since you've had a blowjob then."
"My wife would never give me blowjobs."
"That bitch! That's criminal." Katie had no intention of doing what she was about to do when she came up here. But then she thought, it's Thanksgiving, and she could give him something to be thankful for next year. There was no way he was going to last long.
Katie kissed her way down to Henry's cock and licked up and down his shaft. She tongued around the crown and then slid her lips over the head moving up and down on him. He was breathing rapidly, and she could feel his legs and butt tighten.
"I'm going to come, Katie." It was sweet he warned her, like she didn't know.
She released him for a second and said, "That's the point." Then sucked him hard and deep and he came with a long groan. Katie couldn't swallow fast enough to get it all and some leaked out of her mouth and landed on Henry's hips. She licked it off him. "See, if I'd let you keep your pants on you might have gotten cum on your nice clothes."
"I wasn't going to do that when we came up here, but you're so cute and have such a nice cock, I couldn't help myself. Nothing else is going to happen until we go out on a proper date. You're going to think I'm a slut. Now get dressed and let's go down to the hot tub and get naked."
He kissed her and said, "I think you are amazing, Katie, and I would never think you were a slut."
-----
They went back over to Laura's. The hot tub was a bit crowded, but Henry and Katie undressed, and people shuffled around to make room for them. Katie snuggled next to him, put her arm through his, and held his hand. Ashley smiled at them. If the group kept growing, Laura was going to need a bigger hot tub. John took one picture of the whole group in the spa.
Katie told Henry, "It's great to warm up in the hot tub, then jump into the pool to cool off, and get back in here to warm up again." She whispered, "If you need any more...help, let me know. That was fun. I bet you'll see Ashley and Luke disappear at some point."
They stayed out there getting hot then cooling off for a long time. Ashley and Luke did say they were getting a little waterlogged and disappeared for a while. They came back in a few minutes and then jumped into the pool.
Later when it was time to go to bed, Katie saw Henry calling an Uber.
Katie says, "You should stay the night. Everyone is."
John jumped in and said, "There are plenty of rooms..." but he was cut off by a fear-inducing look from Katie.
Katie whispered in his ear, "If you leave, you'll miss breakfast in the morning. John and Laura make a great breakfast. You can bunk in with me. But there won't be any real sex until we go on a real proper date. Maybe just a little kissing and stuff to help us sleep."
"OK. I do love a good breakfast," Henry said.
Katie and Henry went up into the guest room, undressed, and got into bed. Katie said, "I'm not very sleepy. I was lying here thinking about what areal properdate is. What do you do on a date?" she asked rhetorically. "You dress up nicely, go someplace to eat, and talk to get to know each other while you eat dinner. Then maybe you do something entertaining, like relaxing in a hot tub, talk some more, and then go home. You may kiss if the date goes well, or you may go further if it went really well."
"It seems to me that we did all those things today, we met, we talked for hours, we had a nice dinner, we relaxed and talked more in the hot tub. Then you took me to my room, and I invited you in. That's a first date. The only question left is, did the date go well or did it go really well?"
Henry said, "I'd say it went really well if we ended up naked in bed together. We could try kissing to see if that's enough to make you sleepy." They kissed lying naked in bed for a long time. He felt her hard nipples against his chest, and she felt him hard on her tummy.
Katie said, "That was wonderful, but it didn't make me sleepy. Do you think we can find anything..."
Before she finished her sentence, she felt a hand caressing her breast; its fingers playing with her nipple.
"Your breasts are divine. I didn't know if I should say anything in the hot tub. I kept wanting to lick them. In fact, I adore every inch of you. When I saw you running to the pool with your cute little bottom exposed, I thought that I was going to need some more help. The cold water in the pool saved me."
He reached down and squeezed her tight bottom. He kissed her again and pulled her against him. Katie moaned into his mouth.
"Katie, I may know why you're not sleepy. There was one thing wrong with how youhelpedme this evening."
"What?" she asked surprised.
"You didn't get your turn. Didn't that leave you feeling...unfulfilled?"
"Now that you mention it, it did." She felt warm between her legs.
"If you got your turn, you may get sleepy."
His head slipped under the covers, and his lips found her nipples. He licked and sucked on them, and she moaned. He'd wanted to lick them in the hot tub. That would have been inappropriate with everyone there, but they could have gone behind the waterfall. No one would have seen them back there. She laced her fingers in his hair and pulled him into her breast. Katie thought about how wonderful mouths and tongues were. Her breathing deepened as she felt his mouth, tongue, and fingers, kissing, licking, and touching her tummy and below.
When she felt his tongue part her lower lips, she let out a long moan. She knew he could feel how wet she was; how excited he had made her. He licked and kissed the sensitive spots on her lower abdomen and the creases between her legs and her pussy. She quivered with anticipation and excitement. He spread her lips with his fingers, exposing her hooded clit, and touched it, just once with his tongue. It felt like a spark traveled between them. She cried out "Yes" quietly.
Henry moved between her legs. He kissed and licked up her inner thigh. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. When he was near the top, he moved to the other leg, kissing and licking along her inner thigh. He loved to go down on a woman. It was an opportunity to give her so much pleasure.
He paused to savor the sight and smell of her. He finally touched her slit and he looked into her eyes. She hadn't noticed his eyes before. They were soft, brown, and happy. Her eyes closed as she felt the first stroke of his tongue on her lips. It was a soft, slow lick that fired every sensitive nerve ending. Her outer lips separated, revealing her inner ones. Katie loved the feel of an experience man's tongue on her pussy, and Henry knew what he was doing. His tongue traveled up and down the inside of her labia, on either side, pausing to suck them into his mouth.
She felt two fingers slide past her entrance and rub her G-spot. She moaned, then moaned louder as his tongue began circling her clit. It swirled around her hard nub in a slowly tightening circle, teasing her, and promising more delights to come. He groaned, vibrating against her, making her pussy spasm.
She spread her leg further, opening herself to him completely. His hot soft tongue licked her clit relentlessly. Her hips thrust toward him. She fisted the sheets as her body tensed in anticipation of the release that was nearing.
She was so aroused, and he was so good, that her excitement built fast, rushing closer and closer to her climax. The way he licked her folds and teased her clit could easily drive her out of her mind. Her body wanted this man. She needed him to make her come soon. But he was teasing her; making her wait. He knew just how to touch her, urging her higher and higher, keeping her on edge. All she could do was shudder as she tried to catch her breath.
Waves of pleasure spread over Katie's body. She grabbed a chunk of hair on the back of his head and pulled him tighter against her. He sucked her clit into his mouth and flicked it rapidly with his tongue. That sent her over the edge so hard she didn't know what hit her. All the tension burst from her, and she came with a prolonged scream. Her orgasm tumbled through her entire body. Her toes curled until they felt numb. Her knuckles were white and aching from gripping the sheets. She felt so good, she was frozen, she couldn't breathe, she couldn't even say his name.
He didn't stop licking her through her spasms of pleasure. She didn't think she could take anymore, but she continued coming. She squeezed his head between her thighs. He sucked her clit, and she came again, with a silent scream. She pulled his head up on her tummy. She was too sensitive; she needed to catch her breath.
But still, she wanted more.
"Oh, Christ. Come up here. I want you inside me," Katie said.
Henry moved up between her legs, rubbed his cock between her wet lips, and slid inside her tight pussy. She groaned as he penetrated her. He hadn't been with anyone in over a year. Katie felt magnificent wrapped around his cock. He moved slowly in and out of Katie relishing the feeling, but it seemed that she wanted more and now. He felt her legs wrap tightly around him, urging him faster. He wasn't going to last long like this, and he didn't want to disappoint Katie. But the inevitable was fast approaching. He began thrusting hard into Katie as she moaned. His thighs and butt tightened. Katie could feel him swell inside her, and he roared, as he came deep into Katie's pussy. She held him tightly and rocked on his deflating shaft until it flopped out.
"I'm sorry I came so soon, Katie."
"What makes you think I'm done with you?"
He thought about his deflating cock and wondered what she had in mind. She kissed him quickly and lay down by his cock, leisurely playing with it and licking it. His cock was beginning to have new life. She rubbed around his head with a wet finger, and he felt himself rising. He rolled over on his side.
"This is not going to be a problem." Hearing her say that was a relief. He was going to be able to continue pleasing her. That thought alone made him a little harder. He looked at her pussy in front of his face and saw his cum running out of her. He ran his fingers along her slit through her juices and his cum. He felt her moan around his cock. He'd never gone down on someone full of his cum. But, if she could swallow it, so could he.
She was busy with his cock when she felt his tongue lick her clit. She moaned around his cock and his lapping became harder and deeper, circling her clit. She had only known one guy who would lick her after he'd come in her. That was in college, and he was a magnificent lover.
Henry's tongue traveled the length of her slit as she sucked his now stiff cock. Every time his tongue touched her clit she moaned. That moan vibrated through his cock, and she could feel him twitch in her mouth.
He didn't mind going down on Katie's cum-filled pussy because she seemed to enjoy it so much. He wanted to please her. It worried him that the attention she was giving to him might make him come. He wanted to be inside her again.
Katie stopped and pushed Henry on his back and straddled him. "You have no idea how much that turned me on," she said.
She gave him a big kiss then reached down and seized his extremely hard cock. She put it against her entrance and pushed down on him. They both moaned loudly.
"I told you I wasn't done with you," she said with his hard cock deep inside her. Her hips undulated slowly. But it wasn't only her hips. Her whole upper body moved in a hypnotic wave-like motion.
Henry looked at her and it was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Her hands on his chest, her knees on either side of him, leaning forward with her cute shoulder-length auburn hair framing her face. Her thumbs pressed and rubbed Henry's nipples. Her perfect breasts swayed gently as she rocked on him. She didn't seem to be in a hurry for gratification now, her eyes were closed, and her expression was one of contentment more than lust. She simply enjoyed the sensations flowing through her body. She enjoyed him. He held his hands up so that they gently brushed her nipples as they swayed. She moaned each time he touched them.
Henry began pushing his hips up to match the rhythm of hers. She opened her eyes and smiled at him and then closed them again. She leaned back, put her hands against his thighs, arched her back, and let her head fall back. Henry could see his cock sliding in and out of her just a little and the gentle curve of her body from her clit to her chin.
She bent forward and kissed him. Their tongues intertwined as his cock slowly slid in and out of her. She lay on his chest and nuzzled his neck. He had a nice strong chest with just enough hair on it to look manly. Her nipples felt wonderful rubbing against him.
She began pushing harder and faster against him and Henry increased the speed and length of his strokes. Vicky was breathing hard and making a cute little sound with every breath. She wrapped her arms under his shoulders holding herself tighter to his chest. Henry could feel her body stiffen and her fingers dig into his flesh, and he pushed harder into her. She was close and so was he. Her legs tightened against his side as she shuttered and came screaming into his neck. Feeling her pleasure drove Henry crazy and in four strokes he came in her again.
She lay on his chest for a long time breathing heavily. She rolled off him and said, "Water." Henry jumped up and went into the bathroom and got some. She drank half the glass and Henry drank the rest.
He got back into bed, and she snuggled next to him trying to touch as much of him as she could. "If you tell me that you're married or have a girlfriend, someone will have to die. Right now, I'm thinking it will be the woman. It's been way too long since anyone has made me come like that."
"I'm completely available. But we may need to talk about each other's trust issues. No one has ever made me feel the way you did."
"Not even your wife?"
"She doesn't make the list, but I don't want to talk about her now. I want to be with you."
They talked, giggled, and cuddled until they finally fell asleep.
Katie woke up early and found Henry's hard cock pressed against her back. She moved around a bit and put it between her legs, which was much better. When he woke up, he adjusted himself a little until he was pressed at her entrance. He slid right into her. It was a wonderful way to wake up. Finally, they got up and discussed who was going to shower first. They decided the only fair thing was to shower together. Their shower used all the remaining hot water in the house.
People slowly came out of their rooms for breakfast in a variety of rumpled clothes. A lot of them were hungover. Coffee and Tylenol were the favorite starters. If someone walked around John's or Laura's houses on Thanksgiving night, they would have heard the sounds of dates that ended very well coming out of every room.
Breakfast was excellent and there was more than enough food. After eating, people started trickling out on their way home.
Ken and Vicky stayed to help clean up. Katie and Henry firmed up their plans to go out on a real date. It wasn't easy because they kept kissing each other and giggling. They tried to help clean up, but they were useless, and John sent them home.
Before they left, Katie gave both John and Ken a kiss because she thought she might really like Henry. "If it weren't for you, John, I wouldn't know Ken and if it weren't for Ken, I wouldn't have met Henry."
Laura said, "Katie, stay off my husb...boyfriend." John smiled at Laura.
John said, "I hope things work out for you two. You deserve to be with someone nice."
Finally, everyone went away, leaving John and Laura alone.
Laura put her arms around John's neck and asked, "We didn't get to talk last night. Did you mean it last night when you told me that you loved me, or was it the excitement over Thanksgiving talking?"
"I'm sorry about ambushing you like that. I've started to tell you so many times, but it never seemed to be the right time, or I chickened out. For three words, it's hard to say. Last night I couldn't take it anymore."
"Laura, I love you with all my heart," John said.
"It is hard to say. John, I love you too and have for quite a while."
John said, "You know, we didn't get much sleep last night. Would you like to go take a nap?"
"I could use a nap."
Author's postscript: I hope you liked this story. It was fun to write. As usual, please scroll down a few lines and vote and/or comment. You don't need to be a member to vote/comment.