He doesn't send another message that day, or the one after. I have the forums on rapid refresh, waiting for my picture to be posted like he promised. It's Friday night and I'm in my soft cotton comfort pyjamas in bed with my phone in my hand. I wish I hadn't deleted the picture now, because now I'm forced to imagine what I looked like in it, and as the days go by, the image of me staring into the phone lens gets worse and worse in my head.
Instead of the current me, the grown-up with a job who is used to dealing with pressure situations and all the technical details, the woman respected by her colleagues, the dependable, unflappable one, I recall the lost, powerless expression on the woman's face as she exposes her soft curves to a stranger somewhere out there on the internet with the promise that he's going to make the picture public. That scares me, the idea of refreshing the forums and any moment having to confront my own desperate face staring back at me as I pose naked.
In my imagination, my curves have become softer, my face rounder, back to how I was when I grew up. Hanging around in the shadows waiting to be noticed at the end of the night while my prettier, sexier friends were fielding all the attention did something to me, taught me a valuable lesson in how first impressions matter. Maybe if I'd have been a little taller, a little slimmer, worn tighter dresses, maybe if I'd been able to show a little confidence, then I....
He's posted and suddenly I can't breathe.
I tap on the screen without thinking and stare at the picture he's just sent to the world. It's a torso shot, cropped at neck and waist, showing a woman's breasts. I stare in shock, unable to move, or to tear my eyes from the screen. There's a strange metallic taste in my mouth and I can feel my pulse hammering in my neck. I stare at it, at the brazen exposure of flesh, the merciless cropping that puts the subject's intimate bodily details front and centre, as if to say to the viewer: come and have a good, long look, see what she's been hiding under her blouse all these years.
Then I notice a mole on the underside of the left breast. Quickly, I unbutton my top, stripping myself. I cup my ample breasts, lifting them, scrutinising myself. I don't have a mole. The picture isn't me. He's posted a picture of someone else.
The relief comes in waves, washing over me, and I lean back against the pillows, still topless, with my hands over my breasts. My thumbs are touching my nipples, and suddenly I squeeze, feeling a thrill that goes directly down to my clit, and I realise how wet I am. It could have been me. It could so easily have been my body that he's shared with the world.
Maybe I'm next.
I can't help it, and my fingers dip beneath the waistband of my pyjama bottoms, plunging into my sodden pussy. I work my way furiously up to a short, explosive orgasm, left gasping on my own in my bed in my little one-bedroom apartment. It could have been me.
I go to the bathroom and rinse myself, buttoning my pyjama top back up. I feel drained now after my release, after spending days wearing myself down with the dread of exposure. I get back into bed and flop gratefully onto my pillow. It's all a game, really. It's just a mindfuck, that's all. There are men and women on those forums who love to show themselves, who get a kinky thrill out of it, but I'm not one of them. I'd never go that far.
But I have. I scroll through the messages every day, like I have for years. There's something erotic and exotic and safe about seeing naked bodies exhibited on the screen, something that I've been lacking in real life. I pick up my phone again and go to my favourites. There's one photo I like, that kicked everything off, that led to me making an insane decision to send my picture to the man who posted it.
She's in her late thirties, shot in black and white to turn skin tone into monochrome shades, vivid, bright eyes into dark pools staring unflinchingly back at the viewer. There's a look in those eyes, of vulnerability and terror at being utterly exposed, but also almost a regality, a haughtiness, a pride. The eyes seemed to say: look at me, see me, see the real me.
She's full frontal, kneeling for the camera in shibari rope bindings that crisscross her torso and wrap her elbows and wrists, binding her arms tightly to her sides. Her face is made up with lipstick and eyeliner that renders into stark shades of light and dark, accentuating the strength of her jawline, the honesty of her face. She's wearing a headpiece set into hair that's been scraped back from her face and coiled into a tight bun at the back: a radiant sunburst of long, thin needles behind her head, the lines drawing the viewer's gaze into the centrepoint: those wide, dark eyes.
She's completely naked, legs spread slighting to display her shaven crotch, her outer lips puffy in a way that suggests she is deeply aroused at being put on display for the camera. Her wrists are bound in place just below her belly button, her left hand open with fingertips hovering just above the smooth skin of her bare crotch.
But beyond the eyes, there is something else that get me every time I look at the picture, a little delicious gut-punch, a tiny detail: she's wearing a wedding ring.
It's the only piece of jewelry, the only distinguishing feature on her body, but it's there in plain view. A plain band, next to an engagement ring with a triple diamond setting. She's married, whoever she is, and judging by the rings, to someone who could afford to buy her several diamonds. Her fingertips hover just above her swollen labia, just out of reach.
I start to feel the tingle again, as my mind begins to imagine the story that brought a married woman to the point of posing in bondage on her knees for the world to see. Is she his wife? Is this what they do, with him photographing the woman he married to display her to the world? I can never quite bring myself to accept that explanation, because he's posted pictures of other women in similar poses.
But what, then? Did she send a message to him, just like I did? Did she finally take a step that she'd been yearning for, did she finally commit? The picture has more details in it, and I've spent enough time looking at it to see them. There are vertical lines on her waist, the differences in skin faded almost to invisibility now, that tell me she's a mother as well as a wife. Her brows are plucked and shaped expertly. The fingertips hovering just above her pussy are immaculately manicured, her forehead smooth and wrinkle-free.
She's well-off, respectable, probably a professional, juggling children and career and husband, and all the while she has this little delicious kink, that she craves being exposed for strangers. Does anyone else know? Does her husband, or is it a secret from everybody? The thought comes back to me again, as I look at the backdrop behind her: it's a professional studio. The shibari is tied exquisitely over her body, immobilizing her. The shot is set at just the right height, with subtle lighting that reveals the curves of her body. Someone did this to her. She walked in off the street and stripped herself naked to be turned from a busy mother into a piece of art.
I press my knees together, feeling the tingle turn into an ache. I look into her eyes again, and see it. She is a siren, calling me out into deep, dark water to my doom, and I've answered.
---
When I wake up the next morning the first thing I do is check my phone. There are no new pictures on the forums, but then I see the message icon waiting for me. I pull my knees up to my chest, sitting up quickly in bed, suddenly wide awake. I open my messages, barely daring to breathe.
- What are you wearing?
I gape at the words. Then I notice the little green dot by his icon and I realise that he's online now. Is it morning for him too? Three dots appear under the words, pulsing in time. He's got more to say. I wait helplessly, staring at the little screen, hypnotized by the pulsing dots.
- Simple question
I let out a little shriek. He knows I'm watching his words. I drop the phone like it's scalding, and hug my knees to my chest tightly. I can't tear my attention away from the little screen. He's waiting for me to answer. He has a picture of me naked. What I did in the basement carpark hasn't been forgotten after all, and even though I told him to stop, he isn't going to. My picture is out of my control and my life is at his mercy and I'm completely powerless.
My hand reaches out to pick up the phone again. I need to get a grip on this situation. I need to find out what he wants. I need to make him see that this is just a game and that I didn't mean to send him the picture. That was an erotic fantasy that I got off on, but this is real life. I need to strike a confident, controlled tone and rebalance this conversation. I respond to him.
- Why?
The dots again. I like my reply. It shows that I'm not someone to just be pushed around.
- What are you wearing, I asked
- Look, I don't know what you get off on, but I'm not telling you that
- That's a shame
- Why?
I'm standing up for myself, belligerent. I feel good about the conversation. I'm taking back control.
- I'm trying to get to know you a little
His response stops me. It could be creepy, but as I scan the words again, I don't see it that way. It sounds honest. I shoot back a reply.
- Why?
- Want to talk rather than type?
I stop again. I wasn't expecting this. Still, hearing his voice would give me more of a clue as to who he is and what he intends to do with my picture. Am I going to be giving too much away talking rather than messaging? I reply to him.
- How?
There is a pause and then contact details for a messaging app. He's taking me off the forums and into a private chat app. Am I being groomed? Should I just stick to this instead of joining him down the bottom of whatever rabbit hole he's devised? He pings me again.
- Let's just talk
I read through the words again, conscious of the silence in my little apartment. The morning sun is coming in through the bedroom window. Everything seems so normal, the same as any other Saturday morning. Yet, there is an invitation on my phone that scares and entices me in equal measure. I would have to be a lunatic to indulge this any further. I don't want to become one of his trophies, do I? Really?
I open the chat app. It takes a few moments and then the call gets picked up.
"Hello?"
It's a man's voice. I can't tell anything from just that one word. I need to hear him talk.
"Hi, it's me. I'm calling like you asked."
"Thank you."
Still nothing for me to go on. "What did you want to talk about?" I ask.
"It's more about you and what you need to talk about."
"You want to ask me that just out of the blue on a Saturday morning?"
I snap my jaw shut, but it's too late. I've given away my timezone. My mind races.
"Or Friday night," I blurt out.
I hear him laugh. "Let's go with Saturday morning. Let's go with nine o'clock Saturday morning."
"What? How?"
"The picture you sent me, you didn't scrub the metadata."
"The what now?" I shoot back, but my brain's catching up.
I do this for a living, technology. Why didn't I check all this? What have I done? The phone would have put geolocation data into the picture file, along with details of the camera lens and hardware. It's a standard feature of the picture file format. I was in such a rush to comply that I didn't sanitise my output and now he's got... oh shit. Geolocation. He knows where I work.
"Look," I snap, "I don't know what you're looking for, but you've got the wrong girl. You put that picture of me live and I'll sue."
There is a pause and I feel good. I've made my point. The best defence is a good offence.
"You won't."
It's all he says, and it's so confidently delivered.
"The hell I won't," I growl.
"You won't because you can't. You would need to know who I am, first."
"My lawyers could subpoena the forum site, and get that," I shoot back at him.
"They get an email address that goes to a shell identity which is accessed through a VPN from an overseas location where local authorities have no jurisdiction. That's important for you to understand. Also, all the data is on encrypted storage that's replicated in multiple locations, or conducted via this messaging app which I know for a fact does not store message history, call history, and is fully end-to-end encrypted itself."
The shock his me all at once. He's done this before. I thought I was just fooling around but he isn't. He's fully prepared for these conversations and he knows where I work and he has a picture of me naked in the basement carpark. I have a sudden vision of my boss opening up his email on Monday to see one of his longest-serving employees staring back at him naked from the screen.
"Why are you telling me this?" I hiss back at him.
"So that you understand. You need to understand what happens from here."
"You're blackmailing me?"
"No, I'm setting you free."
It's such an unexpected thing to say, that I freeze up.
"You've been following me for a while now, haven't you?" he continues. "You've seen what I do with my subjects."
"Uh huh."
I think back to last night, to the woman whose breasts he published on the forums. There is a pressure behind my eyelids as I understand that he's going to do the same to me. I close my eyes, rubbing my forehead as I press the phone to my ear.
"There is a process here, a transformation. Tell me, which of my pictures do you like the best?"
"I... I dunno," I mutter, "I just look."
"That isn't true. You have a special one, don't you? Tell me."
"The woman with the sunburst. The one who's tied up, kneeling. That one."
"Ah."
"Ah? What does that mean?"
"She's also one of my favourites."
I frown. "Really?"
"Yes. She is quite breathtaking to work with."
"Work with?" I gasp, "She's a mother and you've posted her naked body on the internet."
"That's the end of the process, yes. The subject posed for her picture."
"Final picture?"
I realise I'm just echoing his words, but my brain is racing to keep up.
"Yes. The process starts with a conversation, then a nude shot sent to me, just like you did."
"And how does it end?"
"With the subject fully exposed for the world to see. That was the end of her journey, unless she chooses to continue. You have the same choice."
"I don't think I do. What choice?"
"We can go straight to the end point, and I post the picture you sent."
"Or?"
"You can do as the woman you've seen chose to."
I think back to the picture, the way it was posed and constructed so meticulously. The woman chose to have that done to herself, that's what he's telling me. Her eyes are telling me that: she is baring more than just her body, she is submitting completely to the man behind the camera. She is showing him, and through his lens the world, everything about her and she isn't afraid. It snares a feeling deep down within me, and I catch my breath.
"You can submit yourself to me and become something that I haven't seen since I photographed her."
"What would that be?"
"A masterpiece."
The words hang in the air between us. He's tapped into my soul, just as simply as that. To be transformed like she was, turned into art, to be stripped of all pretense and coverage, but also, like she was, to be stripped of all preconception and burden, to be viewed as she truly was. To be finally, really, seen. I open my mouth, but it's dry. I swallow, trying to keep the tremor from my voice.
"How?" I rasp.
"I need to understand you. I need to work with you. I need to find out what you need."
"How do I start?"
"You have bookmarks in the forums, right?"
"Yes."
"Show me your favourites."
---
I'm at my desk. It's Monday and judging from the way the boss greeted me when I came in, there's no nude picture of me in his inbox. I haven't been contacted since Saturday morning, after sending the list of my favourite pictures to him. He was adamant that I sent the complete list, without editing, and I've been going back through them over and over again, ever since. I want to see what he sees in me through the pictures I've chosen.
The pressure is still there behind my eyes, popping back up in the middle of a conversation or in a meeting. I have to stop for a second and let it pass, the other-worldly feeling of being in a normal work environment, doing all the usual things, and at the same time knowing that I'm to be turned into an object to be displayed to strangers. My colleagues joke about their weekends, or decide where we're going for lunch, or a thousand other things, and I sit among them in silence.
I'm different again, like back when I was young, the girl in the back of the photo. But, it's not the same this time. I have opened a door and told someone about my deep fantasies and he is going to use them to transform me. The choice of lunch venue has been reduced to irrelevance. I'm in a different world to everyone around me and I've finally let one other person in.
I get through the day with a struggle. I can't concentrate on my work because as soon as I sit down, my attention slips back to his words. It's like there's a buzzer in my head that goes off every few minutes to derail my thoughts. It's also doing something else to my body. By the time I get home to my apartment, my panties are saturated.
I know I can't stop this. I know that I need to go through the process. I know that I gave up that choice when I sent my picture to him, and more damningly when I sent my list of favourites. I'm complicit now, aiding my... what? My blackmailer? Is this blackmail? Am I being forced into this? I flip open my laptop on the kitchen bench as I make myself some dinner, scrolling through his photo gallery. I'm searching for an answer.
Now that he's explained it, I can see the process. He starts with body parts, expanding and exploring outwards from that beginning. Full body shots, posed shots, each highly explicit as if the subject has been told to spread herself wide for the camera. Then, the pictures change, the quality increasing, and I realise that each of them is making the leap, being set up for studio shots. Each journey ends in the same way, with the subject fully exposed, face visible, naked and baring all for the world to see.
They are exquisitely rendered, all kinds of body shape and varying ages and ethnicities, but they all share a trait. None of them appear fearful or forced. He has captured them in the moment of their final transition. Sitting at my table eating my dinner, I wonder how I'd ever get to there from here. I'm so afraid of what he's going to tell me to do.
There's a message waiting for me when I open up the chat app.
- What are you wearing?
That message again, insistent. But now, I don't push back. He's holding all the cards and I have surrendered all my choices.
- Work clothes. A blouse and trousers
- When you change for bed what will you wear?
- Pyjamas
I type back quickly, asserting my control over my attire, smiling to myself. For some reason, this is better than the dread during the day. Now, actually in conversation, I can reduce him down to a man again, from the mythical omnipresent being my unchecked imagination builds him up into when I let it wander.
- Do you have anything else to wear to bed?
- Like what? A nightslip?
- What would you wear to bed with a partner?
He catches me out, and I come to a grinding halt. I tap away at the screen, hoping it's enough.
- Same
It's a lie, but the truth is too big to just dash out in a few words. I've never been in that position, of getting ready for bed with a partner and putting on something sexy. I'm twenty-three and I've had sex maybe a dozen times in my life, with precisely three people.
- If you wanted to wear something to bed for a partner, what would it be?
I understand: for, not with. What would I wear to entice that mythical person?
- Nothing
- Okay. Then I want you to get ready for bed tonight and wear nothing
That isn't how I meant it. I meant that I wouldn't have dressed up. I wanted to say... what did I want to say? I can't think straight, and I don't know if it's the pressure he's got me under, or the idea of displaying myself to a lover, or the terror of the last time I did just that, but I'm unable to form coherent thoughts.
The terror comes back to me again, triggered by his words.
It's two years since that night, of having Jake over, finally after weeks of tiptoeing around it. I had cleaned the apartment, invited him over for dinner, done my very best. I'd put on a new outfit, even though we were eating at home, taken time over my make-up. I'd kept the banter light all the way through dinner, then the wine afterwards, then I'd told Jake to wait for five minutes and to come and find me in the bedroom.
Stretched out on my bed waiting for him in brand new lingerie, I'd felt like a queen. But afterwards, by the time we'd finished and I'd heard him slip out of bed to go home, I just felt needy. Jake had been fine about it, keeping up the chat for days after, but it had never come up again. The lingerie went into the back of my top drawer. The worst part was that I couldn't work out why.
I tidy up my dinner plate and mooch around watching shows, but I can't concentrate. He hasn't sent any more messages and I haven't initiated conversation. His last message is sitting there on my phone screen like a command. Am I really going to obey him? I don't sleep naked, ever. But, the time drags on and I need to go to bed. I need to decide.
Getting up from the couch, I turn off the screen and pad towards my bedroom. Casually, I start to unbutton my blouse, like I would any other night, and then pop the button on my trousers. I tug them down and then gather them up to fold them neatly on the chair next to my bed. I catch myself in the full-length mirror briefly, standing in just my bra and panties. I'm wearing cotton for comfort; I think about the lingerie hidden in the back of my underwear drawer.
After I brush my teeth, I come back to my bed and stop. I need to make a decision: am I going to follow his instructions or not? I need to take off my underwear in any case, so I do, unclasping my bra and feeling that delicious moment of freedom from its constraints. I peel my panties down my legs too, and put them all in the washing hamper.
On the way back to my bed, I see myself in the mirror again, but this time I'm nude. My body isn't the same as it was when Jake was disappointed in me. I've been going to the gym since, eating better, toning up. Jake had tried to hide it, and we'd still made love, but it's been there every time after, that little look in his eyes that told me different to what his mouth was telling me. I see that look whenever I talk to a guy, or imagine it, that foreshadowing of disappointment.
But I'm not the same anymore. If only I could get that little voice in my head to believe that.
I climb into bed naked, feeling the cool sheets over my bare skin. I snuggle down into the bedclothes and pick up my phone from the bedside table, scrolling through, checking messages before I turn it off.
- In bed?
I blink, surprised. Then I see the little green dot next to his icon and realise that he would have seen the green dot next to mine, waiting for me to come online.
- Yes
- Wearing?
I swallow hard. He's asking me to confess. A shudder passes through me.
- Nothing
I stare at the screen, watching the little dots that tell me there's more to come. He takes his time, and it's maddening to have to wait. I know what he's going to say. He's trapped me and now he's taking his time.
- I would like you to prove it. Take a down-body shot. Don't cover yourself up. You have one minute
- Or else?
It's my little bit of token defiance. I'm not going to give in to bullying. The dots pulse again.
- Or I'll conclude that this is over. I post the final picture and we stop. I won't contact you and you'll never get this chance again
My eyes go wide as I read. He's talking about me exposing myself to him as if it's a growth opportunity for me. I can't believe the nerve of this man. Then he pings me again.
- Forty seconds
And suddenly there's a fire in my belly again, just like at work the first time he did this. He wants me to expose myself for him, whoever he is.
- I already have a full-frontal
He's right. What he's asking for is no worse. Less, in fact, because it's a shot from my neck down, so my face isn't visible. It's like I've already taken the hardest step. If I don't do this, it's over. He's got me trapped and he's not going to release me until I've done what he wants. He hasn't said the words, but I understand that I'm a dumb slut who's been lured into this situation. I'm just a dumb, horny slut who couldn't think of a way to escape. I'm a bimbo sex object that he wants to put on display for the world to see. My insides churn with the delicious terror of it, and suddenly I'm sopping.
I peel the sheet away, revealing myself. I take the picture, then check it. The body on my phone screen has bared all: her full breasts show the prominent nubs of her eager nipples, the valley between them leading down towards a tuft of pubic hair that shrouds her labia, down further to the soft skin of her inner thighs, then down to her knees and her feet.
I send the picture to him and then wait as the three dots pulse on the screen, feeling my pussy throbbing in synchrony.
- Good. Now I have two pictures to work with. I'll see what I can come up with overnight.
I don't reply. I'm gripping my phone so tightly in my hand that my knuckles are aching. What have I done? He messages again.
- You have shown a willingness to participate, which is good. I have some ideas of where we're going to take you. I'll share them later, but for now, your first task is to wax yourself. You're hiding still, and I want to be able to see everything. You'll do that tomorrow and then post me a picture to confirm. Goodnight
Just like that, the little green dot vanishes and I'm left staring at the screen. I look down my body to the nest of my pubic hair, and reach down to run my fingers through it. I can feel the warmth between my legs at having been forced to display my body for him and humiliate myself again. My fingers dally in my curls.
By this time tomorrow night, my hair will be gone. I will also do my armpits and my legs, leaving my entire body smooth for his next request of me. I slide a finger between my outer lips and find my desperate, needy clit. I drop the phone onto my sheets and use my other hand to pinch my erect nipple, sending little shards of bliss through my body as I stroke myself.
The orgasm builds out of nowhere, my body caving into that incessant pressure at last and finally seeking its release. I ride the feeling, the tension in my core, bringing myself effortlessly to the edge and then over into a long, shuddering climax.
It occurs to me that I should have filmed it.
Then it occurs to me that in future I will probably be required to.
---
[Next chapter: he makes me go through my underwear drawer. I need to discard everything but my lingerie.
Follow me for updates to this and my other stories. If you like what you read, please leave a comment or a star rating. Constructive feedback is always welcome. If you want further adventures, or to check out my other stories,my story page is here]