Anne admired her older sister Hannah. It always seemed that everything always went perfectly for her. She was smart, athletic, popular and pretty when she was in high school. Anne wasn't very good in school, wasn't athletic, wasn't all that popular and was kind of mousey. Not unattractive but short, thin and easy to overlook. Her sister Hannah went away to college in another state and joined a sorority and became the president. She graduated from college two years ago and was now in medical school. Anne visited her at when she was in college. She dreamed of following in her sister's footsteps. She barely got into her sister's college out of high school, but it was not only her first choice but her only choice. If she had not been accepted she would have taken a gap year to get her qualification up. That was how much it meant to her.
Her first day at her new school she visited her sister's old sorority. She was a little surprised that she did not get a particularly warm welcome. But she continued to go around and attend every event. She let them know clearly that she wanted to become a sister. She was also surprised that she was not embraced as a legacy, which she had always heard was a big advantage for being offered a bid to join.
Her sister was very busy in med school, so Anne could not speak with her often. On one conversation she excitedly told Hannah that she was pledging her old sorority. Hannah was silent for a bit. Hannah then said "I really don't think that you should have anything to do with that place. I thought that it was great when I joined, but when I became president I made a lot of changes that did not sit well with some of the alumnae and in particular with some of the legacy sisters."
Anne asked what she was talking about. Hannah replied "We had been wasting money on stupid stuff and I made us cut back. I instituted a public service requirement because we should not have been all about ourselves. And I made the pledging process much tamer by eliminating hazing. The hazing part was change that created the most friction. We had done things to embarrass pledges and I just didn't think it was right. They said that it made us bond together, but I think it was just mean. The flack I caught was unbelievable. I strongly recommend that you stay away. I know that they have brought back hazing and you don't want to go through that. And they might take out their anger towards me on you. Take my advice for once. Look, I've got to go. My study partner just showed up and we need to go over some things for a test. Just listen to me for once. Bye."
Anne was deflated. She had spent six years dreaming about joining this sorority. She went to bed but couldn't get to sleep. She just kept thinking about missing out on being a sister in that sorority.
After a few days of contemplation, she decided to go for it anyway. She could make them like her. She could be part of the sorority. She would do everything she could to win them over, focusing on the legacies that might be still upset with her sister Hannah. She was willing to suffer a little embarrassment in order to join. It even made sense to her that the shared experience would bring the girls closer together as a real sisterhood. She wasn't going to mention anything to her sister Hannah.
Anne kept going to events and entered the formal pledge program. She really worked hard. She was at every event early. She stayed later to help clean up. Nothing was more important to her than becoming accepted. She was told that only about two-thirds of the pledges will be invited to join.
One afternoon, she got a knock on her dorm door. It was three sisters from the sorority. She recognized them as three of the legacies in the senior class. One had been extremely friendly to her and she did not know the other two as well. She thought that this was a good thing and would probably be an important test for her to be evaluated.
Irma, the girl who had been friendly with her said "Anne, as you know, it is crunch time in the pledging process. It's time for us to make some very difficult decisions. All of the pledges will be given challenges. Let me say that nothing bad will happen to you, but you will have to make choices. If you demonstrate your trust in us, we will probably offer you a bid. If you show that you do not trust us, you are not the sort of sister that we want in our house. Do you understand?"
Anne replied "Of course. I trust you all and really, really want to be a sister."
Irma continued "OK, take off all of your clothes and put these things on." She handed Anne a long t-shirt with the name of the school on it and a pair of flip-flops.
Anne asked, "Even my underwear?"
Irma responded "What did I say? I said take off ALL of your clothes. Why wouldn't ALL include your underwear? Don't you trust us?"
Anne didn't respond but quickly stripped naked and pulled on the t-shirt. She was glad that is fell almost to her knees and was not white or see through. She was not really that uncomfortable in it because of the length. She didn't always need to wear a bra anyway. She also put on the flip flops.
The four of them left her room, went down the elevator and to a car, which was parked with its blinkers on outside the dorm. Anne was nervous and did not really pay attention to where they were going but knew that at some point they crossed the river that ran along the university. Eventually they stopped, and Irma told her to get out. They were at a bus stop, and Anne, Irma and another girl waited apparently for a bus and the third girl waited in the car.
When a bus came the three girls got on. Anne hesitated because she did not have the fare for the bus, but Irma put in a bus token for her. There were only two other people on the bus, two older women who sat near the front. Irma, Anne and the other girl went to the back. They told Anne to sit in the last seat on the left side of the bus and the other two girls sat in the seat directly in front.
Irma said to Anne "Do you trust your sisters?"
Anna answered "Of course. You know that I do."
Irma asked, "Do you want to become a full-fledged sister?"
Anna responded "More than anything. I have always wanted to follow in my sister's footsteps."
The expression on Irma's face changed from smiling and pleasant to what could best be described as serious and concerned. "Anne, if you want to become a full-fledged sister and show that you trust us, give me your flip flops."
Anne did not hesitate and took them off and handed them to Irma.
The look on Irma's face was still stern. She looked at Anne and said, "If you really trust your sisters' hand me the t-shirt."
Anne's heart almost stopped. Many thoughts ran through her mind all at once. She hadn't anticipated this at all. But how could she not have anticipated this? Were they serious? They looked serious. Could she trust them? They did say that nothing bad would happen to her. She knew if she did not give them the t-shirt that she certainly would not be extended a bid. What if this was a trick? They might not give it back. She would be completely naked. Then what would she do? Where was the bus headed? If she gave it to them and they would not give it back, could she take it back? There were two of them? Could her sister's warnings be right?
All those thoughts, but almost immediately Anne started peeling off the shirt. She did not hesitate but did move very slowly. She handed the shirt to Irma. She noticed the look on Irma's face go immediately from stern to what appeared to be relief. The other girl smiled broadly.
Irma said "I'm glad that you trusted us. Our sisterhood is all about trust. And loyalty. And tradition." The bus was traveling on an expressway of some kind. Irma casually tossed the shirt and flip flops out the bus window. Anne's heart really did stop. She looked at them to try and figure how they were going to get her out of this. They did say that nothing bad would happen to her. They weren't wearing anything that they could have hidden another shirt or other clothing in. Maybe they had hidden clothes on the bus somewhere before they got on? Maybe they had arranged for someone to get on at the next stop who would have something for Anne to cover up with?
Irma continued, "Your sister Hannah, once she became president, didn't trust us anymore. She didn't think that we could spend the sorority's money competently. She didn't trust us to not go too far with hazing. She wasn't loyal. She blackballed my sister from getting into the sorority her freshman year. She couldn't get in until her sophomore year, after your sister graduated. And she was a double-legacy! My family will never forgive her for that lost year and all the anxiety. Your sister ignored all of our traditions. What is a sisterhood without trust, loyalty and traditions?
Anne was stunned. It sunk in that she was set up. They wouldn't leave her totally naked on the bus, would they?
"Wait here. We'll be right back to help you," said Irma, as she and the other girl got up and went to the front of the bus as it left the expressway. It stopped at another stop. Anne saw them get off! They were certainly getting her something to cover up with and would be right back, wouldn't they? One other person got off and two more got on. All stayed near the front of the bus. Anne scooted down in her seat to avoid being seen.
Irma did not get back on and the bus pulled away from the bus stop. Shortly it was back on the expressway, which meant that there would be some time before the next stop. It gave Anne a chance to think. She was in a really bad situation. She was completely bare ass naked. She didn't know where she was or where she was going. She was hoping that some girls who have made it clear that they don't like her and hate her sister might have mercy on her and help her out of this situation. She looked out the window and saw that the bus was crossing over the river and she could see the university. She realized that her situation was even worse than she had thought. The bus was heading back to the university. Just as afternoon classes were letting out. Students would be getting on the bus. The bus will quickly go from a few stragglers in the front to packed. And she was completely naked. And she may even know some of the people. This was really bad.
Anne was paralyzed. And terrified. She saw the bus heading to the bus shelter and there were a ton of students there. She didn't know what to do. So she just sat there, sitting low in her seat hoping that she was wrong and that nobody would notice her.
Immediately the bus filled up with people coming to the back where she was. Among the first were several other members of the sorority. One sat next to her and they filled the seats around her. At first she thought that this was her salvation and that they would save her from being humiliated. Several of the other riders did notice her, however.
After the bus pulled out all of the sorority girls pulled out their phones and started filming her. One of them loudly shouted out "Holy shit, there's a naked girl back here. What a pervert she is. Where are your clothes, honey?" The other riders started paying attention. It seemed like everyone had a cell phone camera and they were all filming her. One of the sorority girls shouted "When you post the pictures and videos online, make sure that you tag them with her identity. Anne Eastman from Brighton Township High School in Indiana. Make sure that everyone in Brighton Township knows that she became the biggest slut at our university!" The laughter from the students was deafening.
This was a nightmare. Anne was naked, barefoot and helpless. She had no phone or money. Everyone, men and especially the women, seemed to be reveling in her misery. A bus ride had turned into a big party -- celebrating her predicament. Nobody even said a kind word let alone tried to help her. It looked like every person there had a camera trained on her. There was no way that her naked pictures weren't going to be all over the internet within minutes, and since her name and hometown were revealed she would never live this down. She had to get away from there.
As the bus slowed down for the next stop Anne started pushing through the crowd to the front. She didn't know where this stop was, although it was still at the university, but anywhere had to be better than where she was right then. As she made her way towards the front she had to pass people standing as all the seats were taken. Incredibly the laughter got even louder. Cameras were now getting more close ups and pictures from all angles. It seemed that everyone felt that they could have their way with her as she moved through the crowd. Her bare feet stuck to the dirty floor. Her behind was smacked innumerable times and pinched too. Her breasts were fondled and her nipples pulled and twisted -- hard. She trimmed but didn't shave her vagina and someone grabbed her by the pubic hairs and held tight. She thinks it was a girl. She had to really pull away hard to get away and it hurt.
She stumbled and almost fell when she got off the bus. And a whole new group started taking pictures and videos of her. Again, there was laughter. Nobody stepped up to help. She looked frantically around. She kind of recognized where she was but didn't really know how to get back to her dorm from there. Again, she was paralyzed and didn't know what to do. She heard people saying: "What a slut." "I can't wait to post this online." "Isn't that Anne Eastman? Oh my God! I've got to send this to her friends." "What did she do with her clothes? How stupid is she?" By standing there and not being able to decide what to do, she was effectively posing for the pictures that she knew were going to ruin her.
She saw a taxi in the street and immediately thought that this could be her answer. She ran to the cabbie and begged him to take her back to the dorm. He asked "How are you going to pay for this dear? I'm not a charity. It looks like you forgot your wallet."
Anne replied "Please. I'll do anything. Just get me away from these people."
"Anything?" said the cabbie. "Anything sounds good. Hop in."
Anne jumped in the back seat and lied face down across it, hoping to keep her face and front shielded from cameras. After just a few minutes the cab stopped. The cabbie said to her "It's now time to pay up."
Anne asked, "What do you mean?"
The cabbie said "I'll tell you straight up. The price is a blow job. And if I don't get a good one I'm going to call the cops and say that you tried to beat me for the fare. Maybe they'll throw you in a cell naked with a bunch of drug dealers."
Anne looked around. They were in an alley between some buildings. Anne hated blow jobs, but she had done them before. She didn't want police. An arrest would take this from an internet sensation to a global news story. She didn't think that she had any choice.
"Should I get in the front seat," she asked.
"No fucking way. I can't afford to mess up my cab. This is my livelihood. Come over to my door and kneel in the street like a whore."
Anne was taken aback by his attitude and his language, let alone the idea of going outside to perform this act of perversion. But she thought that this was the only way to possibly bring an end to this. She sat up and looked around again. She didn't see anyone around. He opened the door and swung around in the seat. She sheepishly got out and knelt down before him. She looked around again. He said "Go ahead. It's your job to take it out." She saw that he was also recording it on his camera, but she didn't think that she had the leverage to stop him.
She wanted to make this go as fast as possible. She really worked hard, using her tongue as best she could to hasten his climax. She worked her mouth up and down his shaft. She periodically licked and lightly sucked on his balls. Her slobber was all over her face, chin and breasts. He was moaning. She couldn't help herself and she took one hand and started rubbing herself. Even though this was the worst experience of her life, she came like never before, moaning around his dick. The fact that all of this was turning her on humiliated her more than anything else that had happened to her that day.
Finally, he grabbed her hair and pulled her off of his cock. He pointed it at her face and she knew what was coming (cumming). He sprayed a huge load over her face. She did not react but just knelt there, her heart beating faster than it ever had and hyperventilating.
"Oh my God! What a whore!" she heard. It was Irma. Anne turned to see Irma and her two friends with cameras focused on her, along with a female campus security officer. All were laughing at her. "We were following to get some more footage, presuming that you would eventually get out of the bus. When you got into the cab we were disappointed but decided to follow anyway. This was priceless though, just priceless. Down on your knees like the complete slut that you are, shamelessly in public. The masturbation and orgasm was a great touch. And we have it all on video." Irma brought her camera in for a close up of Anne's cum splattered face. "This will bring an entirely different flavor to the internet posts. You certainly can't say that you were tricked or coerced into this after that show. I can't believe that any woman would get off on that sort of humiliation, but I saw it with my own eyes. And now so will everyone that you've ever met. And everyone else. You're gonna be famous!"
Anne just knelt there exhausted and stunned. How could she have gotten off on this? How could she not have been more observant and seen what they were doing?
The cabbie saw the security guard and got scared. He took his foot and planted it on Anne's naked chest and shoved her away. He said "Thanks, but I'm out of here" as he drove away, leaving Anne naked and splayed out on her back in the alley.
The security guard came over and pulled Anne up by her hair to her feet and then cuffed her hands behind her back. Anne was stunned and offered no resistance. She realized that her bad situation had just gotten worse. She asked what was going on? The security guard explained that she was holding her for the police to arrive to arrest her.
"No, please don't do this to me. I'm begging you. I've been through enough. Please don't do this. Just give me something to cover up with and let me go. I didn't want any of this. Please." said Anne.
The security guard walked her to the end of the alley. A crowd formed of students, all laughing at her. The sorority girls spread out and were calling over more students who had not noticed what was going on and made sure that everyone was encouraged to take pictures. They also made sure that everyone knew who she was. Full name, high school and hometown. Many pointed out the cum on her face and the juices running down her legs from her damp cunt.
Anne could not even use her hands to cover herself. "Please, I won't run away. Uncuff me so that I can use my hands to cover something even if you won't give me anything to wear. At least wipe the cum off my face." The security guard ignored her. After she had stood there for about 15 minutes of humiliation, the guard pulled out her walkie talkie and said that she had a suspect in custody for the police to come and arrest. Anne couldn't believe what she heard. "You mean that you had me stand here for 15 minutes and are only now calling in the police?"
The security officer whispered in her ear "Just so you know, stupid, the university vice president in charge of security is an alumna of that sorority and her two daughters were members when your sister was president. They told me to tag along and have you arrested for indecent exposure. This public indecency for having sex in public is even better because it is a felony. You are totally fucked."
About ten minutes later the police arrived. Two male officers walked up to the campus security officer and asked what was happening. She told them that this girl was streaking through campus and that she engaged in a public sex act. Irma offered that she had a lot of it on video. The officer looked at the video and agreed that an arrest was warranted. The officer gave Irma a card with an email address to forward the videos.
The security officer took off the handcuffs only to have them replaced by the police officer's handcuffs. The officer said "You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney one will be appointed for you. Shit, is that cum all over your face? Gross. Don't get it on me."
Anne offered "I understand my rights. Please. I only did it because I had no money on me and the taxi cab driver said that he would take me back to the dorm if I sucked him off."
"Well, well, well" said the officer. "Indecent exposure. Public indecency and now you've just confessed to prostitution. You should have exercised your right to remain silent." Irma cackled when she heard that. And she had it on video.
The police did wrap a blanket around her, meeting with boos from the crowd. No shoes though. She had to be helped into the police car and was processed at the station.
Her lawyer advised her to plead guilty to everything. The prosecutor would not budge on the charges but agreed to a three-month sentence. She would forever have to register as a sex offender. Anne later found out that the prosecutor was married to a sorority alumna. The arrest made it all global news as the story was so titillating that they couldn't resist. This caused people to search for her online rather than just the people who already knew her.
She knew that she was ruined, but it was worse than she imagined. Her parents disowned her. She couldn't stay at school. Her sister was mad, incredibly, at her for not taking her advice. Everybody made fun of her. The sorority had a team of pledges working on making memes, collages and videos of her. Everything included all of her personal information. She was humiliated on all forms of social media. Since she was in the video club in high school there were lots of videos of her on YouTube with her name under her picture as she spoke on camera. These were uploaded split screen with the sex videos. Her "normal" pictures were pared with her sex pictures and her name and hometown information added. The sorority "humiliation team" made sure that her photos were on as many porn sites as possible as well as legitimate sites that she had some connection with. They did extensive research to make sure that all of her friends and family were included, but even more importantly her and her sister's enemies. No matter where she went it followed her.