Early Sunday morning Lance Foxx returned home and began mowing the lawn. He hadn't put much thought into where his sister was, he presumed she was in bed asleep. The same of his Father Keith.
Luckily, Keith woke up at the roar of the lawnmower beneath his bedroom window. Cradled in the small of his armpit was his adorable daughter Britney.
He lays in bed listening to his son's chore knowing he had time to break up their entanglement. No stress there. Keith was as cool as they came.
"Wake up Princess." He gently shakes her shoulder.
Groggily she stirs and frolics her fingers in her father's chest hair. She flutters her eyes at him with brilliance, "Morning Daddy."
"Not a word of this." He growls sternly.
She kisses his shoulder, "Never! I swear."
Keith nods taking her at her word, noting Brit expressing an unspoken thought.
"What's on your mind?" He huffs.
"Can I ask you a personal question?"
He tilts his chin to look at her better, "I guess."
"Are you and Mom okay? Lance and I never hear you talk much anymore. Let alone have sex."
He scoffs, "That noticeable? Yeah it's been over a year now. I think I took that frustration out on you."
"I can tell." She giggles.
"Sore? I fucked you pretty hard. Most of the night."
"A little. I love how rough you treated me. Any time you want me, I won't tell you no."
"We'll see. Probably shouldn't make a habit of it. I don't want your Mom or Lance to get ideas."
"I understand. Why are you and Mom having problems? Please tell me the truth."
"Growing apart I guess. Your Mom's having her fun elsewhere."
Brit narrows her eyes, "You know this for a fact?"
"Yeah."
She sits up facing down at him with a look of astonishment.
"Her boss?" Brit guesses.
"Yeah. Her lady co-worker too. Your Mom is bi-sexual."
"Oh my God. Daddy, I'm here for you. Whatever you need."
"I know Princess. Just keep this all to yourself. No reason to upset your brother."
She pouts then drops forward into his arms for the tightest hug ever. He loved the scent of her long brown hair. Her nipples carving into his chest.
Exhaling his contentment Keith hears the mower shut down.
"You better head out. Get cleaned up. Lance sounds like he's done outside."
"Nooooo!" She exhales her disappointment.
Casting the sheet off she quickly rolls into a dive and plants a tender kiss to the tip of his morning wood. His dick quivers at her motion.
Crawling from the bed she gathers her under garments and eases the door open. Playing cautious she looks both directions before stepping out and sealing the door behind her.
Standing nude in the hall she glances toward the kitchen to see Lance already inside the house. He spots her with bulging eyes. In response Brit holds a finger of silence to her lips then heads to her bedroom.
Lance was already speechless.
Once in her bedroom she snatches up her cell and immediately texts Lance.
"You didn't see me. Dad's awake so play dumb. Should be easy for you. LOL"
He quickly types back, "Home wrecker. LOL"
Her final reply led to, "Takes one to know one."
Chuckling to himself Lance poured a bowl of cereal, hearing his Dad open his door and step to the bathroom.
Noisily Keith flushed and washed his hands, departing the restroom.
Lance continued to listen as he doused his Fruity Pebbles with milk.
His sister had returned wearing pajamas, just in time to see Keith at his bedroom door.
"Good morning Daddy." She smirked at him, "I'm going to take a shower."
Keith nods, "Save some hot water for me. I think I'll run out for coffee and bring back some donuts."
"No donuts for me. I'm watching my weight." She giggles then seals herself into the bathroom.
Keith already in his jeans snatched a polo shirt from his closet and stepped into the kitchen. He spots Lance tipping his bowl.
"I guess you don't need donuts either."
"Always room for Boston Crème. I mowed the yard."
"I heard. Have fun with your friends last night?"
"Nothing special. Couple cheerleaders. Spin the bottle." The boy chuckles.
"That's my boy." Keith jingles his truck keys, "Be back in awhile."
As Keith leaves the house Lance waits until his truck pulls out of the drive. He then races to the bathroom loudly barging in.
"Are you crazy? QUIT FUCKING DAD."
Brit carefully opens the sliding glass door and tries not to let the spray hit the floor.
"I told you I wanted to. This is one thing I won't let you take from me. So don't try the "OBEY ME" crap."
He rolls his eyes, "Whatever. Hurry up and shower. I need my dick sucked."
She grins at him, "At least let me wash up and brush Daddy off my teeth." then exhales in his face grossing him out.
"Forget it. That ruined my mood."
She would remember this secret weapon.
Two hours later.
Brit sat in the living room with her freshly shaved legs curled up under her. Her new attire was a pair of white shorts and a black t-shirt with the quote, "If you're close enough to read this...You're a pervert." in powder blue fine print.
She began texting her friend "Grace" over an hour ago with no reply. Nearly giving up she decides to risk calling her.
After three rings the conservative young woman answers.
"Hello?"
"Grace? Hey, this is Britney. How are you?"
She hears Grace exhale loudly, "I'm helping my Mother and Grandmother bake bread. I hate having to help. All I hear are their childhood memories of when they were taught."
Brit grits her teeth, "Wow! Poor thing. We should hang out today."
"I wish I could. We just got home from church. We go again tonight."
"Oh boy! Now I feel bad for encouraging you during detention. I'm soooo sorry."
"Don't be. It was fun. I said a prayer for the both of us." Grace snorts.
Sharing her amusement Brit hisses, "Great! I corrupted a Christian. Now we can toast marshmellows in hell together."
"Mennonite. Not Christian. I just don't dress as traditionally as some. Luckily my parents aren't as overbearing as others. We do have electricity. My cellphone is allowed in case we have an emergency."
"That's good I guess. I don't know anything about the religion, culture. What I do know is that you're a rebel."
Silence was deafening as Grace grew distant. Then, Brit heard her speak just not to Brit herself.
"I'll be there in a moment. I'm talking to a fellow student. No Mother, not a boy. Her name is Britney."
Brit whispers devilishly, "Tell her it's the slut that's trying to turn you into one."
Once her Mother stops scrutinizing her Grace returns, "Sorry. My Mother is nosey. Are you really trying to make me a...better student?"
Brit could tell that Grace had difficulty speaking openly.
"Grandmother this time?" Brit questions.
"Yes. I could definitely use a tutor. My grades in Chemistry are horrible. Who uses that stuff in real life? I know yeast rises bread." She chuckles.
"Interesting suggestion. I am a straight "A" student. Honor roll all through High School. Maybe we can use this idea to hang out."
"That is very thoughtful of you to offer. I would need to ask Father's permission."
Brit hears an elderly voice tell Grace that she would also talk to her Father. It was easy to tell she was grateful.
"Grandmother will talk to Father. She knows of my troubles and desires to do better."
"Awesome! Hey that reminds me. What exactly did you do to get detention that day?"
"Your kindness was very touching that day in Mr. Beatty's class. I was touched very, VERY deeply." Grace emphasizes.
Brit easily caught on, "Two of a kind you and I. Where was this?"
"I can meet you in the girl's bathroom tomorrow and discuss the tutoring."
"So, you masturbated in the bathroom stall?" Brit bit her lip grinning.
"Yes. Mrs. Kendell heard my excitement. I was so embarrassed. She was nice about it so I volunteered to help her grade papers after school for an hour."
"So, you talked her out of telling your parents and accepted detention. Using the grading papers as an excuse. Good job."
"Yes it was fun. Mr. Beatty even stopped by to thank me for helping her. I think they must be dating." Grace pauses suddenly, "Yes Grandmother. No more gossiping."
Brit chuckles at her friends cute demeanor. Grace on the other end keeps a straight face.
"So, Grace. Now that you've had a taste of higher learning, ready for more?"
"Yes I am. I want to get my grade up."
Brit smiles in thought, "I could give you a makeover and introduce you to sexy clothing."
"Yes and no. I want to succeed at Chemistry but I'm afraid I'll mix acid with water. Things might blow up."
"Do you mean because of your family religion?"
"Yes. I must be very careful. See? It was water into acid. I could kill us both."
"You have an awesome body. We can at least dress you up. Can you wear perfume or is that a huge no-no?"
"No. I will do my best not to stink at Chemistry. I would make you proud of taking time to tutor me."
"What about your hair? Can I curl it?"
"No. I will get it straight. As long at it takes."
"Ponytail it is. Or French braid. My God your long hair in a braid would be incredible. Like a giant whip."
"Crack the whip if I get out of line."
"We can apply makeup in small doses and wash it off well before you leave."
"I will face this challenge head on." Grace spouts confidently.
Brit giggles, "Head on? I will have to find someone for you to give head to again. Just for you though. Without my help."
"Thank you for being so kind to me. I won't let you down. Unless Father does not let me."
"Okay, well try hard. I can see us being best friends. I really don't have any female friends. Mostly guys. Which isn't all bad."
"I would like that."
"Me too. I better let you go bake bread before your Mom takes your cell away from you."
"True. I am abusing technology. Bless the Lord my parents aren't nearly as strict as other Mennonite families."
"Right. Aim for next Saturday if your Dad agrees. I'll have everything ready. You look about my size as far as clothing goes."
"I will. Bye for now."
As Grace ends the call Brit sits in deep thought for the next five minutes. She recalled every thing that she had done this week. It made her smile.
Finally, she stands up and stretches vividly before making her way to the kitchen. There she decides to open a yogurt . Spoon in mouth she hears the back door open up. Lance stepped in with an evil grin.
"Is Dad still gone?"
"Yep. Why?"
"Chloe Johnson" is laying out in her bikini."
Brit flares her eyes dramatically feigning excitement.
"The blond bombshell with heavenly hooters?"
"Her new haircut makes her look like "Gemma Atkinson". Anyway, her boyfriends in Nebraska over the road. I overheard him leaving earlier and talking on his cell. Every time he leaves town in the Semi she lays out. I think she wants me."
Brit wags her spoon at him laughing, "Yeah right. She's like 25 and too super model for your punk ass."
"Seriously! She always waves at me when I cross through the yards out back."
"Get a life Romeo." Brit rolls her eyes as she polishes off her yogurt, swirling the crème on her tongue.
Go put a bikini on. I need you to lay out and talk to Chloe." He then nudges her along with an encouraging, "Hurry!"
"Come on Lance. She's too old for you."
"Dad's too old for you too. Besides what you're doing is incest. Unlike me and Chloe. Whenever that might be. Hopefully soon. Now hurry up before she goes back into her house."
"OH MY GOD!" Brit tosses her spoon and container into the kitchen sink then trudges to her room.
Eight minutes later Brit emerges wearing a lavender and black string bikini that hid very little. Armed with necessity items of blanket, lotion, shades, bottled water, cellphone, and her music Ipod she moved from the house out toward the middle of her back yard. She glanced over at Chloe who was laying on her belly tanning her backside. Her top was untied and laying at her sides.
"Hey Chloe!" She flutters her fingers as the blond beauty tilts her head to see her.
"Hi you. It's been awhile." Chloe greets her with a brilliant perfect teeth smile then leans up on her elbows and forearms. Her breasts bulged under her weights compression.
"Reading my mind about baking our buns I see." Brit giggles and looks around her for the prime spot to spread out her blanket. She remains patient as Chloe adds, "How's school?"
"Boring! I'm doing good though. Is your man "Chuck" on the road again?"
"Yep. I'm glad he is." Chloe frowns, "He's been a royal pain in my bottom. Chuck wants me to go out on the road with him. Do I look like a trucker? Hell no! I'm too glamorous to be compared to a "Lot Lizard."
Brit chuckles as Chloe rolls her eyes grinning, "So, you traded his time away to be a "Lawn Lizard" instead?"
Chloe drops her jaw, wagging an index finger toward Brit before smirking, "Caught me. And here I thought I was being the perfect chameleon."
They share a lengthy laugh before Chloe expels, "There's no fence separating our yards. Pull up some grass beside me. I'm in the mood to talk to somebody other than the non existent pool boy."
Britney puckers then shuffles over laying her things down before fanning her blanket out along Chloe's. Once she sits down Brit glares at Chloe fidgeting.
"You're awfully brave to lay out here topless. You do realize my brother is probably jerking off in his bedroom window right this second. His room faces us perfectly. That, and I've seen his curtains fan open five times just since I've stepped out."
Chloe Johnson wrinkles her nose with a disturbed squint. At first Brit thought she made her neighbor angry. Then, Chloe turned gently red laughing.
"From, "Lawn Lizard" to "Curtain Cougar". I certainly do get around." The blond tightens her shoulder blade area hiding her eyes from Brit.
"I hope I didn't offend you." Brit pouts with a concerned brow.
"Oh no. I noticed him checking me out when he cut through the "Kramer's" yard."
Brit scowls, "He's such a pervert."
"He's a male. They all are. I catch Chuck eying women all the time."
"Yeah, but Lance is the worst. He's probably shooting video of us on his cellphone as we speak. I catch him looking at me even. So gross."
Chloe nods, "I've seen Chuck look at you too. I scold him every time."
Eyes never leaving Brit, Chloe lays her head down into her folded arms. She observes the teen oiling her arms, legs, and shoulders.
"It sounds like Lance needs to blow off steam. I was his age once. Yours too obviously. Even I had wet dreams over older guys. I've been with Chuck since I was nineteen. He was twenty-six at the time. We moved in here three months after we got together." She reminisces. "I recall your Dad helping Chuck build our back deck when you guys first moved here."
Watching Chloe shiver at the thought, Brit had an epiphany.
"You had a crush on my Dad?"
Chloe winces, "A tiny one. Don't hate me. I'm over it."
Brit lays back soaking up the sun after spreading lotion on her belly and chest. Settled now she shifts her gaze to Chloe.
"My Dad is pretty sexy."
The blond is taken back by Brit's response, yet smiles brightly.
"Our secret, little Sister?" Chloe winks looking over her sunglasses.
Britney scowls, "No way. Dad knows I think he's hot. Now Mom I would never tell about our thoughts. I think telling my Dad you once had the hots for him would make his day."
"Open mouth insert foot." Chloe hides her face in a huff while adding, "I guess I'm okay with you telling that to Keith. He knows I'm just young myself. Let's agree not to tell Chuck though."
Looking away Brit groans, "There goes Lance's curtain again. You should mess with his head. Let him come out here and make a fool of himself."
Chloe lifts her glasses squinting against the brightness, "What do you suggest that doesn't border on rape?"
Deeply in thought Brit finally turns her profile to face Chloe with an expression of dare, "You could ask Lance to oil your body."
The blonde's eyes bulge forcing her to hold her breath, "Backside maybe. Front after I put my top back on."
"Okay. But, I'm not certain that's really messing with his head."
"Well? Most anything else is taboo." Chloe stresses open to suggestion.
"Stay topless. Just don't let him oil the girls."
Chloe closes her eyes with a brewing smirk. Her own thoughts of mischief escalating.
"I'll do this but you owe me one. The next time Chuck is out mowing the grass you lay out and tease him. I want to know that he can be honest about what he sees."
"Heck, I'll masturbate in front of him. That would be a true test to see if he tells you that." Brit chuckles.
Stunned by her response Chloe fidgets her entire body like a nervous spasm.
"You alright?" Brit lifts her eye brows.
"Yes." Chloe blushes, "You can do that to Chuck. As long as You or He doesn't touch the other."
"I would never ever do that to you Chloe. I adore you like a big sister. If I did play for Chuck I would never let him get that close to me."
"Ugh!" Chloe exhales loudly, "I might let him oil you up too. That's all though. That might make us even. Truth told Chuck makes perverted comments about you too. He plays it off like he's trying to get under my skin. I just laugh it off. It would be interesting to know if he's serious or not."
"Wow! I can agree to that. As long as my parents aren't home to see that. Just for you. Don't ever get jealous over it. I'm soooo not into Chuck."
"I know. He keeps joking that we should have a secret threesome. I roll my eyes at him but he might be serious. That's something I'm not sure I could ever do. Well, maybe never. Least of all with you. I love your family."
"Especially my Dad." Brit sticks her tongue out at her making Chloe again hide her face while laughing.
Brit sits up slowly. This was getting juicy.
"Wow! I'll keep all that in mind." She jests fanning herself, "That might be weird. Of course, we could leave Chuck out and invite my Dad."
Chloe cracks up laughing and removes her glasses to bury her face even deeper into her arms.
"Oh my Gosh! I'll never live this down" The blond wheezes.
Laying back on her side Brit faces Chloe with her head propped up on her left arm.
"Calm down. We're besties in my mind. We can talk about anything. Let's worry more about Chuck later. For now let's destroy my brother."
After a silent moment of glare between each other Chloe one last time buries her face to hide her stress. Three seconds later she looks up whining at a high pitch, "How do we do this?"
Brit considers the situation then fumbles for her cellphone beside her. She holds her cell to her ear as if answering it.
"He's watching us now. Don't look." Brit tells Chloe who refrains from curiosity.
"I'm acting like I received a call. I'm going to sacrifice my tan just to humiliate my brother. I'll go inside and tell him I have to go meet a friend. After I change I'll tell him that you talked about him constantly. I'll make him think you have a crush on him too. So much so that you had untied your top just to tease him. He's gullible enough to believe me. I'll then leave the house for say twenty minutes then come back home. If Lance gets brave enough to confront you out here, you can go as far as you feel comfortable. If he chickens out so be it."
"How is this humiliating him if he oils me up?" Chloe ponders aloud.
"I'll come back outside and catch you guys. I'll then tell him I made that all up. You can act like you're offended and freak out on him."
"I might do that anyway." Chloe pauses, "I guess I still don't see him being humiliated. He's getting to touch me." Her thoughts jump, "This is crazy. What do I do if he gets too hands on? I might be able to roll over and show off my tits but I don't think I can let him touch them."
"That's up to you. If I were you and he wasn't my brother, I think I could at least let him lotion up my tits. I'd let Chuck if you were okay with it. ONLY IF! That's just me though. I love being touched."
"I do too. However, Lance is what 17?"
"No. He's eighteen. We're twins remember? Both just turned eighteen."
"That's right. Still that's barely legal. Both of you."
"Yes, but he's going to get a monster hard on and you can react to it awkwardly. That would be the sign to break away."
"I hadn't thought about that. I'm not sure how I will act. That's kind of scary."
"Just run inside or something. Make him feel like crap."
"I hate making people miserable the blond grimaces. I'll just tell him I can't hurt Chuck. I'll go inside and leave him there wishing he got more."
"Sounds good. Let me go inside and instigate. You get golden."
"Okay. Drop next door anytime. Now go prep the perv."
Brit acts as if hanging up on her call then hugs Chloe. Before gathering her things and heading inside her home she giggles then leans over to lick Chloe's spine in a long wet swathe.
"Hey! That gave me chills." The blond trembles laughing.
"Just getting you in the mood."
Brit then grabs her things and races inside her house.
Chloe laid there shivering. The whole conversation made her horny. Even at 25 years old she felt their age. Then it dawns on her. What if their Dad came home and caught them? The thought made her even more excited. She would take the risk and pray Britney had her back.
And a full piggy bank to bail her out with.
"Barely legal. Oh my God!"
Her face sinks into her arms once more.
Not to hide her blush.
To hide her sudden rush of excitement.
Chloe, Chloe, Chloe.