~~~~~~~~
All characters in this story are over the age of 18.
~~~~~~~~

Chapter 4
I was at the class lecturing my students when I saw my phone screen light up from a notification. It was the next day after I exposed myself to Rima my teaching assistant and the same morning I fucked my dildo in the middle of a silent neighborhood street and let a watchman take nude pics of me. I checked my phone and my face lit up seeing a message from Rakesh.
"I'll meet you in your office in 5 minutes."
I immediately ended my lecture dispersing the class and raced towards my office making sure I was there on time and didn't want to make Rakesh wait. I reached my office, left the door slightly open and stripped naked and knelt on the floor in front of the door. Rakesh likes it whenever I take such submissive positions. In a few moments the door flung and I was staring at Rakesh's enormous sexy stature. Being in his presence after a week made my pussy twitch and got all my juices flowing.
"Hello daddy, I have missed you so much." I said with a big smile.
"I'm sure you have. I can see you are ready for me." he said, closing the door behind him as he entered my office.
With no more words he simply came towards me, grabbed my nipples, pinching them and making me moan in the process. He pulled me by my nipple like a leash and threw me on the couch. I loved how he was manhandling me. He pulled me by my hair and signaled me to unzip his pants. I can see that I was about to have a very rough and intense session with him.
I unzipped his pants, freeing his gorgeous cock out and he immediately thrusted my head onto his cock. He was now holding my head and throat fucking me. He pushed his cock balls deep in my mouth and left it there for a few seconds before pounding my mouth. I have to say I'm having a much easier time now handling his cock and am also able to take his entire length in thanks to all the oral training I did over the last week.
After some facefucking he pushed me to the side and started teasing my moist lady part with his dick. He inserted his dick inside my vagina and started moving around slowly with his one hand thrusted on my neck with me lying on my back on my couch. He started pacing himself inside me with his hand now choking me. I have to say, this is my first time getting choked by someone and I can see the kink in it.
'Slap Slap'. He slapped my tits with his other hand as he fucked me me. The feeling of being choked and tit slapped while he violently fucks me was such a heavenly sensation.
After a few minutes I could feel his dick pulsing inside me. We both hit our orgasm at the same time with him cumming inside me. I could feel his cum moving around inside me and slowly oozing out as he redirected his cock into my mouth suggesting I clean his manhood. I was on pills ever since I started having sexual interactions with Rakesh. Rakesh likes to fuck me bareback without protection and honestly a slut like me doesnt deserve condoms.
After I thoroughly cleaned up his cock with my tongue he dressed up and headed towards my desk. After sitting he pointed at me to come to him as he turned on my work laptop. I obediently crawled towards him and kneeled next to him eagerly waiting to know what he had planned with this insatiable slut.
"I see my professor still has the same wallpaper. You can change it to something else if you want" he said, looking at the monitor.
It just hit me what he was talking about. A few days back he changed my laptop wallpaper to me on my knees with my gaping ass pointed to the camera. It was quite a struggle for me to hide it from my students and others but I definitely found excitement in the thrill of having a very naughty picture of me so close to being revealed.
"Daddy, if I may can I request you something"
"What is it slut"
"Daddy can I please be allowed to have the picture a little longer. I enjoyed the risk factor it added and it always kept me on a sexual edge."
"You have come a long way from when we first met slut. I can see you are still the same desperate horny professor from back then. It's okay slut, you can keep the wallpaper." he said with a smirk.
"Thank you so much daddy" I said with a huge smile on my face. I can't believe I have fallen this deep voluntarily asking him to let me do such risky things.
"Well slut, I have something else lined up for you and I'm sure you will like it. Before going to the fun part, I have to say I liked your task performance last week. I like girls who push themselves."
"Thank you daddy. I'm so sorry for messing up one of my tasks. I'll make sure to never repeat it again." I said with a slight pout.
"You better not mess up next time, I won't go easy on you with my punishments." That was him going easy on me? I completely bared myself to my teaching assistant and almost exposed myself to my family, not to mention my ass aching after the session. I made a mental note to never screw up.
"Come over here slut" he said pointing to my monitor on my desk. I got up to stand next to him facing the monitor. I could feel one of his hands on my naked ass squeezing and feeling it up.
"I was looking over the photos and videos you sent and you have turned into quite an exhibitionist haven't you? I noticed you were putting yourself in more public situations and I could see you enjoyed it when other people saw you naked."
"Yes daddy, I don't know what has gotten into me. My pussy gets really wet when I put myself in risky public situations where I might get caught. I love the feeling of strangers seeing me in such situations sometimes. Thank you daddy for letting me submit to you and also push me into doing such slutty deeds."
"That's good slut. You have become quite a bold obedient little one haven't you."
"Yes daddy" I said with a sense of pride.
"I have something planned for you slut. Look at the screen over there."
I looked over and saw a reddit page open. It was a fairly popular reddit page titled slutty_indian_milfs and featured a lot of amateur naked women around my age.
"I know how much you love exposing yourself. What do you think of posting some of your pictures here?" He doesn't expect me to post my nakedness on the internet does he?
"Thank you daddy for asking my opinion on this. I'm not sure about posting my pictures online. I don't know what I will be able to do if someone I know comes across this. If my family finds out about it I will be disowned. I might also be fired from my job."
"Obviously slut, I don't want to ruin my plaything. You can blur or edit out your face so no one can easily identify you"
"Okay daddy, but still I'm a little scared of going ahead with this." I said with a hesitant tone although deep down I was a little excited about the fact that absolute strangers will be seeing me naked.
"But you pussy says otherwise" He said as he moved his fingers around my very wet privates. I was visibly blushing right now.
"It's your call slut. I left a picture open on your computer. If you want to go ahead with it I want you to post that as your first picture on the reddit page introducing yourself. You can blur your face if you want. I have to leave now" he said, giving a firm spank on my ass as he got up from my desk.
"Before I leave, I want to get you some toys to play with later. I need your credit card slut"
I handed him my credit card and watched him as he left my office. Still naked I sat on my desk to check my computer having already made my decision on what to do with the now open reddit page. I know Rakesh would be impressed with my resolve but more importantly I was excited about this new venture.
I checked up on the picture he wanted me to post and it was of me kneeling down in my class naked in front of the black board with the words "Your professor slut" written on the board. It was a very provocative picture clearly exposing me as a working professor.
I quickly put my editing skills to test and blurred the image getting it ready to be posted. Even though I was in a classroom, my college has quite unremarkable classrooms so it would be hard to identify where I'm working. I quickly posted the picture on the subreddit with some sleazy captions. I noticed my account had an auto-generated name and made a mental note to change it later.
"I'm glad you went through with it, slut." I got a reply from Rakesh a few minutes after I posted. This was the first time I have gotten such a quick response from him and I'm glad he considers me worth his time.
"Look up how to maintain reddit accounts. I want you to stay active on the platform. It goes without saying that you should post regularly at least a few times a week. Make sure to post only quality stuff on it. I know your dumb horny ass wants to spam hundreds of your nudes everyday."
"Yes daddy, I will try my best to meet your expectations." I replied before getting ready to leave for my classes for the day.
The rest of my day went as usual except for the fact that I spent a significant amount of time checking on the comments and reactions on my post. It was in the middle of the evening and I was lecturing my last class of the day when I got a call on my phone. It was from Rakesh. I excused myself outside my class and attended the call.
"Slut, are you in a class right now?"
"Yes daddy"
"How does it feel to have one of your slutty nudes out for anyone to view?"
"It's quite exhilarating daddy. I can't stop thinking about all the strangers watching my naked tits. My pussy tingles every time someone comments on my post. Thank you so so much daddy for making me go through with this."
"Why don't we give these people some more jerk off content. Let's set a standard for your account. I want you to post five very slutty and degrading pictures of yourself before the end of your class. I don't care if you need time for editing your face out and all that nonsense. You know where to find all your content."
I'm supposed to be teaching a class right now but instead I'll have to look through my humiliating collection of pictures and videos. Not wanting to waste any more of my precious time I headed into my class and gave them something to work on while I focus on my task. I checked my clock and I had roughly 20 minutes to finish up my post.
I opened the private online file space that contained all the media of my slutty ordeals courtesy of Rakesh. I decided to do a single post on reddit with five of my pictures.
For the first picture I went with the one I took with the watchman with a dildo in one of my hand and the watchman holding one of my breasts with his hand. It took me a while to edit both our faces in it and to add on to the time crunch my students just had to ask their queries on the work I assigned them.
I noticed I was running low on time so I decided to just go with pictures that doesn't require much editing. I went a picture of me getting pounded from the back and another picture of me fucking a dildo in the terrace of my house with both the pictures my back facing the camera and face out of the picture.
For the next picture I went with picture I clicked when working on my anal skills. It was a picture of me on the middle of the road late at night with a dick showed in my ass. I had just performed intense deepthroating before that so my face was dishevelled from all my drool. It was very hard to recognize my face from that.
Finally, for the last picture I went with a picture of me taking Rakesh dick in my mouth. The picture was focussed on my face and his massive dick and my messy hair modestly covered my face. Happy with all the pictures I posted it on the reddit page before checking my watch to see that I managed to complete it with one minute to spare.
I dismissed my class, happy that I managed to avoid getting punished by Rakesh. But I was sure cutting it close. I still had the reddit page open and I was quite horny from looking at all my slutty adventures so far.
This was my last class and the building was mostly empty at this hour so I decided to relieve my pent up frustration right there. I was wearing a saree today. I slowly slipped my fingers through the lower half of my saree as I was looking through the reddit page. The page sure has some freaky content from middle aged women. I started hastening my hand movements on my mound finally hitting a much needed orgasm. Masturbathing in an empty classroom sure elevates the orgasm. I tidied myself up and left the classroom to head home.
It is around 7pm on the weekend now and I took my daughter out shopping for clothes. The past few days have been quite blissful. I fucked Rakesh almost everyday and he seems to get more rowdy and aggressive as we do the deed. I also regularly posted on the reddit page and have been receiving quite a number of comments from horny strangers. My phone lit up indicating I got a text from Rakesh.
"Hey slut, I just checked your location. Are you at the mall right now?" I recalled he recently added a tracking tool on my phone some time in the past few days.
"Yes daddy, I came here to do some shopping with my daughter"
"I'm sharing with you my location. Come here as soon as possible." I looked it up to see that he was about a 15 minutes drive from where I am.
"I'm sorry about this dear, I have to run a small errand. Why don't you finish your shopping and I'll come pick you up in an hour." I said to my daughter hoping I could leave soon.
"It's alright mom, I didn't find anything I really like over here. There is this another place I want to try out. We can leave together." She said insisting on coming with me. Defeated, I agreed with her and we both left the shopping mall together.
I reached the location he sent and it was a gym in a residential neighborhood. I parked right outside the gym building and noticed Rakesh's motorcycle parked. On glancing at the building it looks like a newly constructed 2 storey building with the gym located on the first floor and the ground floor being an empty retail space. There was a staircase connecting to the first floor inside the building.
"Daddy, I reached the place. My daughter is with me, daddy, can we make it a quick one."
"You think I give a shit slut. For all I care she can watch you get plowed. I'm waiting in the staircase." Fuck. I really hope my daughter doesn't catch me in the act today.
"I have some small work here and have to check up on a few things. I will be back in around fifteen to thirty minutes. Can you wait in the car till then?" I said to my daughter
"Fine mom but please don't keep me waiting for long. There's this other place I want to check for some clothes before the end of the day."
"Of course" I said before heading out.
The half turn staircase was shielded from the outside and was located inside the building zigzagging along the building. As I reached the bottom of the staircase I could see Rakesh waiting with a bag of items in the section between both the floors.
"Strip"
I stood next to him and stripped off my saree, dropping it on the floor. I was under the cover of the building and was confident my daughter, who was technically only a few feet away from me, won't be able to notice my nakedness.
"As you can see, this is a newly constructed building and is pretty deserted. One of my friends owns the gym above and he is back there setting it up. It's pretty much empty at the moment." He said as I watched him pick up a collar and a leash from his bag and secure it on my neck. He must have bought these accessories from a sex toy website using my credit card.
"Have you ever fucked more than one person at a time slut?"
"No daddy"
"There's a first time for everything. My friends are up there and I want you at your best behaviour."
"Daddy, although I'm excited to be gangbanged, I'm not sure if this is the right time. My daughter is here and what if one of your friends recognizes me."
"Your daughter being here makes it more fun. You don't have to worry about my friends recognizing you. They are not from your college either." He said as he pulled out a blindfold from his bag. And shutting my sense of sight effectively hiding my identity.
Despite the high level of risk involved I trust Rakesh won't put me in a situation that would ruin me. I felt the leash being pulled signaling me to get moving. My submissive side kicked in and I got on all fours excited for what's in store for me, crawling towards him as he led me upstairs.
"The sluts here" Rakesh said as I heard the door to the gym upstairs open. I still had no idea how many people are going to be drilling into me tonight.
I felt a hand pull my hair making me stand up with another hand groping my tits and pinching my nipples. These complete strangers have already started toying with my breasts seconds after I entered the room, treating me as if I am no longer a person, but simply just one of their playthings.
"Slut looks pretty hot despite her age. Fuck she looks better than most of these 20 year olds."
"Thank you sir, I try my best to keep my body in good shape for daddys use." I said enjoying every second of this ordeal. I could feel a freakishly large and muscular hand hold me from behind and guide his hand around my pussy gently simulating it and fingering me.
"Let's get started with it. This slut's daughter is waiting downstairs." I heard Rakesh's manly voice.
"She is such a deviant little girl isn't she bring her daughter here."
"How old is this slut anyway?" I heard another different voice. From the voices and hands moving all over me I could say there are four people in the room including Rakesh with everyone having a large build.
"I'm in my mid 40's and I'm married to my useless husband and have a daughter in her early twenties."I said with a perverted smile.
"Well let's not keep your daughter waiting then." I felt a hand on my shoulder forcing me to kneel down. I could sense a few pants drop and within seconds I was presented with an array of impressive cocks. I quickly started working my mouth on the cocks in front of me alternating between each of them.
"The slut gives a pretty decent blowjob." One of the men said as I deepthroated his cock making me blush.
I quickly put my oral skills to work and made it through the other cocks as well. I have to admit even though I have multiple impressive options in front of me, Rakesh cock definitely tastes the best by a large margin.
Even though I was much older than these boys they had no respect for me. They carried me and threw me on a couch as I finished orally working their cocks lubing them. They were manhandling me and I loved every second of it. I could feel a cock in my vaginal entrance slowly inserting itself into me with another cock pointing at my mouth suggesting I take it in my mouth.
Within seconds both the cocks inside me started speeding up their strides. I was now being violently fucked in both these holes simultaneously. I was now being brutally spit roasted and I'm sure Rakesh would be capturing every second of this on his phone.
After a while I was able to take the entire length of both the cocks and my violaters noticed it too. Now after every few thrusts they would leave their cocks balls deep inside me until I gagged which lasted for around 15 seconds. As I was wedged between two cocks I felt a sudden and intense pain in my nipple like it's being pinched. I moaned in pain as I felt something like a metal clip on my nipples. Rakesh definitely knows how to push my button. He must have attached a set of nipple clamps to my sensitive milkers. I loved the stimulation it added after the initial pain.
"Let's switch"
"Does this slut take it in her ass?" I nodded my head, communicating that 'I would love to' as I still had a cock in my mouth.
As if on cue, I was being tossed around and felt a cock poking in my anal entrance. He quickly plunged his cock in my ass and started making quick strides plowing my butt. After a while of ass fucking I was again being shuffled around now face down on top of a man with a dick still in my ass.
"Have you ever fucked two cocks at once slut?" I shaked my head saying 'no'.
I then felt a cock insert itself in my vagina and another in my mouth going the full length in mere seconds. I couldn't believe I was taking three cocks at once. I have definitely come a long way from having regular missionary sex with my husband with the light off. This blissful art of sex went on for a few minutes with each of them switching between my holes.
"I feel like I am gonna cum" said the guy ruthlessly butt fucking me.
"Me too." said the guy inside my vagina.
"Don't make a mess guys. It's a lot of work to clean this shit."
"Slut I want you to hold the cum in. You better not spill anything" Rakesh said.
Like a dog following its master, I started focussing on my holes to make sure I don't let a single drop out. I could feel both my holes fill up with hot cum and I immediately clenched my lower body muscles trying my best to hold them.
"Here this is the sluts' clothes. You can use it to wipe yourself." I sensed a piece of cloth being tossed around. My beautiful saree was reduced to a mere cum towel.
I shrieked as I felt a sharp tug on the nipple clamps attached to me. I was directed to kneel down on the floor twitching from the pain in my sensitive nipples. I was exhibited with two cocks and knowing exactly what it meant I started stroking and sucking them off.
Sensing they were about to blow their load I presented myself still struggling to hold the cum deposited in my clenched bottom holes. I was soon welcomed with a large load of white nectar planted on my face and chest.
I was then quickly led off the floor and back to the staircase covered in cum. I could sense that I was purely bought here for their sexual relief and since it's done they kicked me out.
"You can remove your blindfold slut." I looked around as my sense of sight finally returned to see I was back in the initial spot where I put my blindfold on. Rakesh then removed the leash, collar, and nipple clamps off me with the last one giving one last shot of pain before freeing my nipples.
"You can leave slut" Handing me a piece of cloth that seems like a short dress. I had a feeling I wouldn't leave here in the same clothes I came in.
"Slut, I don't want you to clean off the cum until Monday." It's a Saturday today and he wants me to wear the cum for one more day.
"Of course daddy, thank you so much for tonight" I said defeated as I watched him leave without a word.
I looked at the dress in hand and quickly got into it knowing dreading over it with my daughter waiting outside isn't such a good idea. It was a yellow flowy dress that came down to my mid thigh with a plunging neckline showing a generous amount of cleavage. No wonder how you look at it, it's a very revealing dress and my cum covered body doesn't do me any favors. I quickly fixed my after sex face and hair as much as I could and headed to my car feeling anxious about my upcoming interaction with my daughter.
"Mom, you were out for quite some time," my daughter said as I got into the car.
"Sorry dear for making you wait this long. I had to make a few work calls while I was there." I said as I finally couldn't hold the cum inside me anymore and I could feel it oozing out of my holes onto my thighs as I relaxed.
"Mom, weren't you wearing a saree."
"I spilled water onto it and had to change into this other dress I had." That's the most text book answer. I hope she buys into this bullshit.
"I like this dress mom, looks cute on you."
"Thank you dear, I'm glad you like it. I'll try wearing more such outfits." It's not an option for me. I'm sure Rakesh will make me wear more revealing dresses.
"Mom, did you get a new perfume? You also smell nice." She wouldn't make such a comment if she knew where it was coming from.
"By the way mom, since said you didn't have any plans tonight, I made us a reservation for dinner and booked tickets for a late night movie. We could also do some shopping before heading for dinner." her words were filled with excitement. After making her wait for me for such a long time I can't say 'no' to her. Fucking great. I will have to spend the rest of the night in this revealing dress baked in cum. I could feel it plastered between my tits and the dress.
"Sure dear, let's get going" I said as I started my car leaving the parking space. Just as I was leaving the locality I heard a notification chime on my phone. Glancing at it I could see a message from Rima, my teaching assistant.
"Let's meet on Monday evening at 5pm in your office"