I have use a sexual trope about black men having large cocks and white women lusting after them. I mean no disrespect to the BLM movement. It's only a fantasy.
This story is the beginning of what I hope to be a long series.
I am one of the luckiest men in the world. Let me tell a bit about my wife Joan. Joan is the most brilliant and sexiest woman I have ever met. Joan has had a career as a very successful entrepreneur having started an IT Apps firm which she eventually sold for several million dollars, She has stunning body. She has very firm medium sized breasts that never need a bra, slim waist and a solid athlete's ass.
She is also an uninhibited exhibitionist. She love to wear scandalous clothes that show off her body and excite men. Some of her favorite clothes include gauze halter tops, very short dresses and skirts, clinging dresses that mold to her body, tiny bikinis and several pairs of low slung short shorts. She also loves to show off her nude body in hot tubs, nude beaches, skinny dipping and wherever else she has the opportunity to show her body to other men.
As for me, Tom, I am a successful business man in the technology industry. I travel the country giving lectures and helping companies resolve complex IT issues. I have typical swimmers body with broad shoulders and a slim waist. I also have an above average cock.
Joan and I share all our sexual fantasies. One of our favorites is I'll whisper to her while we're having sex "I want to watch while you fuck other men" "I'd like to watch you get finger fucked."
These sex talking sessions have a powerful impact on us and we have explosive orgasms. We talked about making these fantasies come true. We wanted it. We had to be discrete about our sex lives since we are both well known in our community.
Last year we decided to make some of them happen. We booked a vacation at a resort in Negril Jamaica. The resort had a very naughty reputation. The beaches and ocean were stunning with blue waters and swaying palm tree. The resort was grand with multiple dining and playing areas and a large staff dedicated to you having a fun adult time.
The resort had two beaches, nude and prude. Joan of course picked the nude beach and our room looked out on the nude beach. As soon as we got to our room we got ready for the beach, sunscreen, towels and snacks. Before we went to the beach we slathered each other with slippery sun screen, playing special attention to the usually unexposed bits. Once there Joan had to do a promenade along the beach. Her breasts were flush and her nipples pert and alert. I saw her stop several times to chat with naked men. When she came back to me, she was breathing hard.
She nudged me and said, "Have you seen the size of those cocks?"
I smiled and said "What are you going to do about it?"
Joan gave me smirk and said, "I know what I'd like to do."
We played on the beach, sunning and swimming. Later the sun was setting and we were getting ready to pack it in and get ready for dinner. As I rolled up the towels a Jamaican man approached us, "Ganja?" I said sure, but as you can see we have no place to hold money. While he was talking to us Joan was staring at his cock as it swayed in the breeze. It was long and uncut and his balls bounced as he talked. Joan was transfixed with his prick and balls.
He said that was no problem he would bring it to our room. I said great and Joan and I headed for the resort complex. As soon as we got in the room Joan started talking softly to me, "What a cock." I asked if she was wondering what it would feel like in her hand, mouth, cunt. She nodded happily.
We sat around, still nude, and had a glass of wine from the room's mini bar. Joan enthused about all the cocks on the beach with a wistful look in her eye. I knew what she was thinking and felt a beginning pulse in my cock. When there was a knock on the door Joan scampered to the bathroom. I went to the door and called to Joan, "He's already seen you naked."
He came in and introduced himself, James. He was wearing a pair of loose khaki shorts and was bare chested. I asked what he had for us and we negotiated a price for a quarter once. I got the money for James and I said, you know we have a problem, we don't have any rolling papers. James said, no problem, I have a pack of papers you can have. I said great, why don't you roll one that we can all share.
James rolled what looked like a cigar while I poured wine for the three of us and turned on the radio to some reggae music. James took a huge hit and passed it to me. I inhaled and sucked it down into my lungs. I immediately felt a buzz. This pot was much stronger than what we bought at home.
I took a smaller hit and gestured to Joan to me for a shotgun. Joan opened her mouth and we locked lips while I shot a mouthful of smoke into her mouth, and my tongue, into her mouth while she wrapped her arms around my neck. She broke into a beaming smile. She took a hit and gestured to James and said shotgun. She opened her mouth and blew the smoke into Jame's mouth while her hands went around his neck, with some tongue. Joan held on to James and rocked her hips to the reggae beat against his cock.
When they broke apart James looked a little ashamed and said he should be going and let us have some private time. Both Joan and I noticed that while she was shotgunning James his cock had started to grow. Joan spoke up and said to James that he should stay for another glass of wine. James looked at me with a question in his eyes and I gave him a thumbs up.
Joan asked if she could sit next to him on the couch. James, with a big smile, patted the the seat next to him. Joan beamed at James and said while both both of us are nude shouldn't you be to. She started tugging on his shorts and pulling his zipper down. In a flash she knelt in front of James and frisked his cock out and started kissing it.
My cock was hard and steel and my breath was short. This is what we had fantasized about. I felt pangs of jealousy and envy but an overwhelming need to see this through. I settled in the chair by the bed and wanted to watch with bated breath. I wanted to watch Joan fuck James, more than anything.
Joan's mouth was wrapped around Jame's cock and soon she was bobbing up and down, deep throating until her nose was nestled at the base of his cock. She looked back at me and mouthed "I love you".
James threw his head back and groaned with pleasure. He leaned forward and put his hands in Joan's hair and began face fucking her. His cock was covered with Joan's saliva, glistening in the room's light.
I could hear the slathering sounds as Joan swallowed and lathered his cock. My vision was focused on Joan sucking his cock.
Joan got up and pulled James by his cock to the bed and arranged him on his back. She turned around so that her cunt was in his face and his cock was in her mouth. They were making heavy sex sounds as they licked and sucked each other and the room filled with the groans and smell of sex. They devoured each other's sex.
Just as James tensed to cum Joan got up on her knees and hovered over James cock. His cock was quivering and there were copious amount of pre cum leaking out of the slit at the top of his cock and his veins were throbbing. Joan rubbed it along her slit which was dripping onto James. She then slid the head into her cunt and slowly sank down until it was deep into her. She sat still for a moment savoring the dirty sex she was about to have. She groaned with pleasure. As she rose his cock was soaked with their mingled juices.
James was frantic with lust. He grabbed Joan hips and slammed her onto his cock. Joan was pulling her nipples and alternately fingering her clit. She leaned down and gave James a steaming kiss. They were both lost in their own wanton world of pounding sex.
I sat in my chair my vision blurred as I watched them fuck. My rigid cock was tight against my stomach leaking pre cum. I was afraid to touch it or I would explode cum all over my body. I wanted this to last for a long time.
Carol was grinding her clit against Jame's pubic bone and her face was a picture of perfect lust.
Jame's face was contorted, the veins in his neck bulging. He was slamming up into Carol's cunt with frenzied thrusts.
James froze his cock deep in Carol's cunt and began moaning "Ahhh". The veins on his cock pulsed as he sent stream after stream of cum into her. Carol thrashed around on his cock, her head shaking, her body quivering with a powerful orgasm. She screamed, "Oh fuck, God, watch, cumming, cumming". She was at the peak of her sex.
Carol collapsed onto Jame's chest still shaking and moaning. I went to them and put my arms around Carol and she continued to quaked with orgasms. James finally extricated himself and got up. He beamed and said if you need more Ganja I hope you'll call me. He leaned down and gave Carol a passionate farewell kiss, put on his shorts and left.
After Carol recovered I pulled her to edge of the bed and licked and sucked their mingled juice from her cunt. Then I knelt and plunged my cock deep into her cunt. It was hot, and totally wet. In no time I started cumming into her. It felt like I was shooting lightening bolts into her. I collapsed onto her and she held me tenderly.