"Nope. This isn't totally spooky. Not even the tiniest bit."
I couldn't help but feel the tiniest bit apprehensive as Scott and I's car jumped and jostled along the small, dirt road. It was already dark out, and we were too far in among the trees to really be able to see any lights from nearby streets or houses. But this was apparently the right way to go!
It was just two weeks ago that my husband and I first talked about adding some other participants to our sex lives. Whether it be with full on polyamory or just playing around with another couple, the idea had excited us. Not helped by that stupid sexy show about it that we'd watched that got us all into the idea in the first place. After our initial conversation slash sex on the subject, we'd binged the rest of the series in varying states of dress. And we decided. That was it. We were going to give this thing a shot...
...in a couple of weeks.
It's not that we weren't eager, it's just that...well, we hadn't really considered the dollars aspect. We'd rushed to a lifestyle club website, and checked out the price tag. We had to pay to sign up for a membership and pay extra for the event. It made sense, and part of me was relieved that there was some kind of barrier to entry. However, neither one of us was particularly rolling in it, so it was going to be a sexy, next-paycheck time.
It wasn't all bad, though. The anticipation made for some rather intense lovemaking, with lots of "picture us fucking someone" and "imagine this finger is a cock," that sort of thing. So when the day came to actually make a reservation, we were damn ready. We sent in a payment and our information, and received an email a few hours later with the location of the Secret Sex Club.
Well, maybe not Secret, per se. I was able to find them on Google, but apparently the location of the club was hush-hush. Which is probably why we were here, driving down a dark and spooky road to...supposedly a business of some kind.
After a few more jostling moments, a building finally crept out from the trees. It looked like a couple of buildings, actually. One large and the other more of an in-law house size. There were already a few cars parked out front of the building. Soon, we saw an opening big enough for our car to park.
"Think that's a spot?" Scott asked.
"Definitely," I replied. "Just like you're definitely going to find MY spot tonight!"
I raised up a fist for him to high-five me, but he was turning and I don't think he could see me in the dark. It probably wasn't worth it to bring up how big a social faux pas it was to leave me hanging.
Once the car came to a stop, I turned to my husband. "Okay, before we go in...how are you doing?"
Scott thought for a moment. "I'm good, I think. A little nervous. Pretty excited."
"Me too," I took his hand and squeezed it. "Okay, checklist. While we're in there, we ask before proceeding with anything or anybody."
"Check," he replied.
"And if someone has to tap out or is feeling weird about things, there's no judgement there."
"Yep."
"And that saying you're uncomfortable with something in the moment doesn't necessarily mean 'never.' It just means we should talk about it."
"Agreed."
I took in a deep breath. "Alright, let's do this."
There wasn't exactly a driveway, so, as we trundled through mud toward the house, I was thankful that I hadn't prioritized wearing fancy footwear to this event. Don't get me wrong, I threw on my best low-cut v-neck with the very witchy shawl and the short skirt. We were here to fuck, no doubt about that. But also...like, we never get out of the house to go dancing anymore, and I want to dance to 90's hits, dammit. So sensible, dance-able shoes were in order.
Eventually we reached an unassuming screen front door. Inside, we could see someone waiting at a table, and a few people milling around. After wiping our feet, we entered, and were greeted by a tiny woman in her late 40's.
"Hi, welcome to Persephone's," she said. "Do you two have reservations tonight?"
"We do!" Scott chimed up. "Keane. Not sure if it's under Scott or Marie. One of those."
As she searched on her clipboard, I took a look around the room. The place was decidedly more...rustic, than I was expecting. The walls were wood-paneled in a way I hadn't seen since my grandparents' old fishing trailer back in the 90's, and most of the artwork around the place depicted outdoor leisure activities. There were also various crystals and new-agey paraphernalia lining the room, and, after perusing some of the posters adorning the place, I gathered that this must be a part time yoga retreat or something when it's not being a swingers club.
"Ah! I see you right here," the receptionist said, looking at her clipboard. "First time visitors, I see."
"Heh, yep," I said nervously. Briefly, I considered a joke about being "virgins," but that would probably have been too much. Like saying "it's free" when the register doesn't work.
"Well, our first round of orientation starts over there in just a few minutes," the mousy woman said, pointing with her pen toward a door on the other side of the room. "But you're all signed in, so feel free to wait here, chat with people...we've got a wonderful potluck tonight. Bethany made her famous raspberry feta salad."
Both of us turned in surprise, and, yep, sure enough, there was an array of plates all stacked with food.
"Huh," Scott said. "If I'd known, I wouldn't have eaten before we got here."
"Yeah, wild," I replied. "I want to try that salad. That sounds real good."
Our greeter waved us off as another group entered the building. Scott and I made our way into the front room. Using our best wallflower instincts, we managed to find an unattended corner to perch ourselves in as we took a look around.
"Kind of an older crowd," Scott said. I hadn't wanted to bring it up, but, it was true. Most of the people who were here so far were easily ten years older than us. Which was fine. We knew the realities of this...scene, I guess, and had expected it.
"Yeah, makes sense." I paused for a moment, looking around at the plates of mashed potatoes and broccoli cheese casserole. "It's weird, right? The food thing? Is it weird?"
"I guess we don't know, right?" he replied. "Look, we're just here to try a new thing. Whatever happens, we're still doing that, right?"
"Heh, yeah. We're out of the house after eight! That never happens anymore." He squeezed me close, and I took a moment to feel all warm and fuzzy in his arms.
Just then, the door that the receptionist had gestured to earlier opened, and a tall man in a polo with salt and pepper hair leaned out. "Orientation time, folks! All newbies in here."
I was glad to see we weren't the only ones looking somewhat confused and sheepish as approximately ten people all tried unsuccessfully to go into one door.
The next room was slightly more of what I was expecting. The main decor still said "people who live here subscribe to magazines about fishing and chakras," but the furniture had been arranged with obvious purpose. The room was lined with couches, all facing in toward four mattresses that had been set up in the middle of the floor.
Our host, whose name I would come to find out was David, walked us through the basic rules of the club. The main one they stressed, repeatedly, to my relief, was consent. This was to be a safe space. Nobody was allowed to do anything without getting express permission first, and, if somebody violated that rule, the club would remove them from the situation immediately. It was made very clear that our comfort came first.
The next thing on David's list that gave me a sigh of relief was about the beds. Apparently they had staff to go around and change out the sheets and covers on all of the furniture. Once we were done using a piece of equipment, all we had to do was take the sheets and dump them in a basket, and they would be replaced with clean ones. Scott and I both gave each other approving glances at that. Nothing hotter than hygiene. Aside from that, lube and condoms would be provided on little night stands throughout the room, which was nice.
"Alright," David continued. "Let me give you the tour."
As our small crowd shuffled along behind him, I couldn't help but glance up at a large television that had been mounted over a fireplace. There was currently some of the most stereotypical, I-didn't-know-they-still-made-them-like-that porn that I had ever seen. A couple of blondes unenthusiastically grinding their crotches together. It was just...so obvious. And a little disappointing, really. I supposed they have a certain aesthetic to present, given the nature of the place, but it was still so basic.
"Alright, here's the dungeon room."
That snapped me out of my complaint vision. My cheeks flushed red as we all gazed into a room full of various straps and tables and contraptions that probably all did very fun things if you knew how to use them. There were a few appreciative murmurs from the crowd, and I elbowed Scott in the side, suggestively.
There were a few more, smaller rooms on either side of us, each with a window looking in. David explained that these were for more private play. A curtain could be drawn if you wanted complete privacy, but, otherwise, and open window meant watch, and open door meant possible open participation, but, as always, ask first.
From there, David opened up another door, and the space opened up into a wide, semi-outdoor area. It was all enclosed in glass, with a large swimming pool in the middle, a hot tub off to one side, and, further down, what looked to be a dance floor. On one side, there was a bar set up, with a bartender ready to go. There were tables set up all along the other side of the pool and circling the floor, with a DJ booth set up on the far end of the enclosed structure. Near to the tables was a set of shelves, each adorned with a placard with a number written on it.
Our host explained that these were to be our lockers, of a sort. If we need to put clothes or toys or anything else somewhere, just grab one of these. Clothes were forbidden in the pool, though he stressed that sex was also forbidden there and in the hot tub. And that we had to shower before getting in either. Fair enough.
Scott and I dropped off my bag in one of the lockers, stopping to remove the bottle of Malibu that we'd brought with us. The club was BYOB, and, well, we were both, admittedly, kinda nervous. Hence, B.
The tour continued outside, to the smaller building we'd seen from the parking lot. In here were more sets of mattresses. If we decided to stay overnight, this is where we'd stay. But, also, there was a sex swing set up in the middle of the room, which I ventured to guess might impede sleep. It would have been worth trying, maybe, if I weren't so scared I'd break it. You never know just how little consideration has been given to larger women in situations like this. Though, honestly, looking around at the other people here, my curves were not at all unusual.
From there, we were dismissed from the tour and told to go have fun. Scott and I made our way back to the dance floor and pool area, stopping by the bartender to have our rum added to some pop.
Drinks in hand, we found a table and sat down. "How we doing?" I asked.
Scott shrugged, taking a sip of his drink. "It seems nice! I think we can have a lot of fun here."
I leaned in, conspiratorially, "See that dungeon room? That could be a good time. Not that I know what any of those things do."
"I think I saw a table with straps. That one seems pretty self-explanatory," he replied, taking a sip. "Honestly, though, apparently they have classes and stuff. I saw it on the website."
"Oh, that'd be fun!" I said. "Since we're paid members and all."
"Yeesh, yeah. Might as well use it."
We both paused for a moment, staring out into the scenery.
"We're members of a sex club!" I said, excitedly.
"I know, right?" Scott replied, matching my mood. "It's wild."
"Heh. I love it." I grabbed his hand. "There's nobody I could do this with but you Not the right way, anyway. Thank you, for...I don't know...liking my weird kinky stuff or whatever." I waved my hand, dismissing my own embarrassed feelings."
"Hey," Scott said, staring right into my eyes. "I fucking love you, Marie. So much. I'm here it. For all of you."
"Yeah, okay," I said, blushing and sinking into my chair. Looking out at the dance floor, a smattering of couples were moving to the tones of "Poison." It wasn't the liveliest crowd, but I was excited to have an excuse to shake my butt a little tonight. As the last notes of the song faded, I set my drink aside and grabbed Scott by the hand. "We're dancing," I stated.
"I love it," he replied. As we made it to the center of the dance floor, the opening beat of "Get Busy" by Sean Paul started kicking in. Scott grabbed me by the waist and we began to move in unison on the dance floor.
I can't say we were particularly good, but we were definitely enthusiastic. He held me tight as we moved our hips together, trying desperately to keep up with the rhythm. At the very least, the dancing was working its magic on me. That and the rum.
In one smooth motion, Scott swooped in behind me. The feeling of him pressed against me from behind just set off sparks in the deepest part of my brain, and I began grinding my ass against him like a woman possessed. The heat of my core radiated throughout me as I felt lost in that moment with him, closing my eyes and focusing on the sensation his touch.
When I opened my eyes again, I noticed that we had apparently started a trend of sorts there on the dance floor. Suddenly, there were other couples all around us. And one thruple! That was exciting. Whether it was by our enthusiasm or the undeniable power of Mr. Paul, apparently a mood had been set.
"Hey," I felt Scott's breath kiss my ear. "Check out those two over by the cooler, there."
I glanced over to where he was indicating and saw, probably for the first time that night, a couple that looked fairly close to our age. The man was stick-skinny with shaggy blonde hair, and the woman was tall with slightly dark skin. The two of them were also dancing together, though less vigorously than us. Which was understandable given that it looked like she was about four months pregnant.
"They're pretty hot," I noted, and it continued to be true as I took a closer look. He had that exact kind of charming disaster vibe that always set me off in media. The kind of guy who had a great shrooms connection, but could also was surprisingly sturdy in bed. His sharp features and piercing eyes called out to me, even in the dim light of the dance floor. The rolled up sleeve, button-up shirt with the glimpse of tattoos underneath didn't hurt either. Sometimes you can see a person for the first time and immediately picture wrapping your legs around them.
His companion was also...pretty tasty looking. I didn't quite have a handle on how my attraction to women was coming along, so the feelings I got from here were both more intense and more overwhelming. Her eyes were closed, her mouth ticked up in a sly smirk as she seemed to float through the air, her moves and her curves daring me to even try to focus on anyone else. Like some of the other folks here, she was more casually dressed than I was, but every element seemed to be placed with confidence. A teal top drew the eye right to her understandably ample figure, and black jeans squeezed around a butt that I felt a primal need to bite just a little.
"You know," Scott whispered. "We could go talk to them?"
"Yeah?" I asked, cheekily.
"Yeah, I think that could be a fun time." He pulled me even closer, his crotch grinding more and more into my ass.
"I think so, too." I dipped down low, then came back up, making sure to wiggle my butt just a little bit as I did so.
Scott growled a little bit. "What do you want to do with them, my love?"
"Mmm..." I moaned in response. "I want to feel them touching me. Just, all over."
"Yeah? And do you want to be touching them?" He moved his hand to the back of my head, twisting his fingers around my bright auburn hair. The sensation of his fingers against my scalp made me tingle all over.
"I do," I gasped. "I want to stroke his cock. Just want to feel it throbbing in my hands."
"And what about her? Does my girl finally want to give in to what she wants? Finally fuck a woman?"
There was a tug, and my head jerked back slightly. I gasped, more from the surprise than the sensation. Scott was in one of his more domineering moods tonight, eh? I was fine with it. In that moment, it was any way I could get it. I looked back over at the woman.
"Yes, Scott. I want her. I want to run my hands all over her body." My husband's hands got slightly bolder as I could feel him gently tracing his fingers along my inner thigh. "I want to taste her on my tongue as you fuck me."
"That would be...absolutely amazing," he moaned. His fingers inched higher and higher as we continued to move in rhythm. Just as they started to get closer and closer to my aching slit, the song came to a close.
When I opened my eyes, the other couple had already started to move off the dance floor, away from us. I let out a tiny whimper, as we made our way back over to our table. Scott sat down first, and I quickly slammed back a gulp of water before straddling my legs on either side of him. I had to pull up my skirt to do it, but, at that point, I didn't have a care in the world about who could see what. My mouth was on his neck as I struggled to get out words between kisses.
"That all sounds really hot, and I am so down for it. Buuuuuuttt...right now I just really want you inside me." More tiny smooches. "So I need you to take me into that big play room and fuck me, Scott."
"Is that what you want?" he asked, with a smirk.
"Yep," I said, nodding vigorously, before pausing to think for a second. I held up a finger. "Wait, almost. Hold that thought for a bit."
Releasing the poor boy from his imprisonment beneath me, I walked over to the pool side of the room, stopping at the little cubby hole with our clothes in it. I reached around in my bag for a second, before finding what I was looking for. Scott caught up with me at that point and was standing behind me. I turned to him. "I want you to use these."
"Oh?" he reacted with some light surprise as he took the pair of light pink bachelorette-party-special handcuffs from me. "Yeah? Even here?"
"I mean..." my finger ran down his chest. "Look, I'm only prepared to do so much tonight, but I trust you. And the fantasy of being all...bound, in front of all these people. It's pretty hot."
"Well, how can I say no to that?"
We made our way around the edge of the pool just as two naked women jumped in with a big splash. A bit of water hit my feet, but at that point, well, I was going to be getting out of these clothes soon anyway. The switch from neutral to red lighting hit my eyes as we crossed the threshold into the play room. The lighting was certainly a lot more atmospheric than it had been during the tour, though the distracting porn playing on the mounted TV cut through the red and acted as a perverted north star.
Several of the couches were occupied by couples in coitus. A plump blonde woman bounced up and down on the cock of a man in his early 50's. Another guy watched and jerked off as he watched as the mousy receptionist we'd met earlier in the night made out with a curly-haired brunette. The sounds and the smells of sex filled the air, and it only served to throw kindling on my flame.
Luckily, one of the large mattresses set up in the center of the room was unoccupied. I went up to it, then stood still as Scott unzipped my dress. As it fell to the floor, I whipped off my top. Light kisses along my spine made tiny, pleasant ripples in my nerves as Scott gradually kissed down my back, peeling my underwear off me.
Through all of the excitement, a part of me was keenly aware that I was naked in a room full of strangers. My brain steeled itself, preparing for the mortifying insecurity I was sure was on its way.
But it didn't come. As I looked around at the wide variety of shapes and sizes of the people around me, it was surprising how much shame I didn't feel. In a way, it was much more freeing than I'd expected. Primal, almost. We were all people. All here with the same drive. The same need. And, right now, I was needing it bad.
Scott grabbed my arms and pulled them behind me. I felt the cold of the handcuffs against my wrists, and, with only one awkward false start, I felt them tighten on me. Here I was. Trapped. Yet safe. Excited. Who knew what could happen? But I knew my man would take care of me.
"On your knees," he commanded. I did so, lowering myself down beside the bed just in case I happened to fall over. Which, honestly, was pretty likely. However, I made it to the ground without incident, staring up at my beautiful husband as he began undoing his belt.
I wished more than anything I could make him hurry as he took an eternity removing his shirt, then began to pull down his pants at an agonizing pace. As he stood back up, his cock greeted me at eye level.
Leaning forward, I took the head into my mouth. He was already halfway hard, and I could taste his salty precum running along my tongue. His hand held the back of my head as he began to pump into me. It wasn't long until the feeling of my lips around his length made him fully erect. I gazed up at him, my eyes hopefully conveying the need for attention my cunt cried out for. Seemingly in response, he picked up the pace, as I felt his cock fill my throat even further.
Without warning, he pulled himself from me, his shaft glistening with saliva. "Turn around," he groaned. I complied, clambering onto the bed as best I could. I knelt on the mattress, waiting his command. Rather than words, he pushed me forward, my face hitting the mattress. My hands were still bound, so I had no choice but to be present my ass for the entire room.
While the entire room wasn't visible to me, from what I could see, our actions had garnered quite a bit of attention. Several of the couples turned to look at us, and I could feel myself getting even wetter under their gaze. Knowing that my secrets were laid bare, that my most intimate entrance was visible—accessible—to them made me feel more surety than I had been expecting. Here, I was lust. I was need. That was the whole of my being, with no insecurities or fears or ridiculous article deadlines to get in the way. My partner and I were going to fuck. In this room. In front of these people. Because it was beautiful.
I briefly worried whether or not Scott would have the same positive reaction to being exposed. He's never been a fan of his body, and, as fun as it was for me, I didn't want him to get overwhelmed. Before I could try to turn and see how he was doing, I felt a slap across my ass.
*SMACK!* "Do you like that, Marie?" he asked, louder than was strictly necessary.
"Yes, Scott," I moaned. "Oh, god, yes."
"I could tell," he replied. "Look how fucking wet you are." My whole body shivered as his finger just barely grazed my outer lips. "Do you want me to fuck you? Is that what you want?"
"I do," I gasped, desperately trying to see his face. Look in his eyes during this moment. "Please, sir. I do."
"Here" he said, as one of his fingers came into view. I dutifully ran my tongue along it, tasting my own wetness. After fellating his digit for a moment, Scott removed his finger, and I felt him move in behind me.
"That's my girl," he said. "I think you've earned this."
My legs shook with pleasure as I felt him sink into me. "Fuuuuck, Scott, yes," I moaned. "Fuck me, please. Give me that cock."
"Wow," he said, ostensibly to me, but possibly also to the room at that volume. Rather than shyness, the situations seemed to bring out his inner showman. "You hear that? My girl, just begging to have someone pound her perfect cunt."
That was exactly what I wanted, as I began to meet his thrusts, loving every sensational minute of his cock inside me. As much as I was excited about the future, this was exactly where I needed to be right now.
I couldn't see where it was coming from, but a male voice rang out from behind me. "Hey, man, good going, with the handcuffs and everything? Looks like she's having a good time!"
"Thanks!" Scott replied, followed by the unmistakable sound of a high-five. I giggled a little as the impact reverberated all the way down into where we met, and my whole body shuddered from the sensation. Scott must have noticed, because, either as a result of my reaction or from a desire to please the audience, he picked up his pace.
"Oh, fuck, Marie. Fuck, babe, you feel so good." His cock was reaching the deepest parts of me now, and, between the friction of my walls gripping him, the sweet sensation of my face rubbing against the rough sheet, and the stinging pain in my arms from being handcuffed, I was completely dead to the world.
I could feel Scott's fingers running through my hair, and suddenly my head was pulled back. "Ah!" I gasped, the ache making my mind pleasantly swim for a moment. I could feel Scott's breath on my ear as he leaned in close.
"Look. To our left."
He released me, and I turned my head before crashing back down onto the mattress. There, on one of the couches that surrounded us, was the couple we'd seen dancing earlier. The blonde-haired guy was sitting back on the couch, while his pregnant companion laid across his lap, idly sucking his cock. Both of them had their eyes glued to us. My gaze met hers, and I felt my entire body flush with heat.
I sense feel my climax off in the distance. Making eye contact with the beautiful brunette while we both pleased our partners? I knew it was going to push me over the edge, even if it was still a ways out.
Or so I thought. Then! Heckin' Scott!
One of his hands had moved from gripping my ass to near where his cock was currently thrusting into my cunt. For a moment, I could feel him squeeze his thumb between my vaginal wall and his cock, the sensation of being doubly penetrated causing my heart to skip a beat in excitement. It must have been enough to soak his digit in my wetness. I could feel his thumb leave my pussy and press against my back entrance.
"Oh, god, Scott. Oh fuck!"
The bastard. He knew it was my weak point. I began thrusting back harder against him, causing him to slip into my ass. Reveling at the stinging fullness, I lost all control.
"Oh fuck me. Fuck me. Yes, please, Scott. Just like that."
"Yeah?" he cruelly growled. "Does my little slut want to cum in front of all these people?"
"Hrnn..." I whimpered. "Yes, please. Please, sir, make me cum." He was alternating his strokes now, thrusting in and out of my holes with his cock and finger. I looked to my left, and was struck with a powerful need. One that I would never have anticipated.
On the couch, the other couple were going at it harder than before. She was taking his cock all the way down her throat, sucking him faster and faster. The blonde man had a look of pure pleasure and need on his face, and the two of us locked eyes. I felt my heart jump in nervous excitement. In that moment, I realized, Scott was perfect. There was no want of mine he wouldn't fulfill, no hidden thing I was lacking from our relationship and the incredible sex life we had.
But I needed more.
My entire preconception of what love and sex was seemed to shatter around me, and I had a moment of clarity. More was possible. Even if I wanted to take it at a slower pace right now. That didn't mean I couldn't move forward.
"Slow down," I gasped, tapping my still-bound hands against my back. Scott obliged, and I let out a low groan as his cock began to slide through my pussy in at a more measured pace. I felt him lean forward, close to me again.
"What do you need, dear?" his tender tone was put into sharp contrast by a sudden slap against my ass cheek.
"AH!" I yelped, taking a moment to catch my breath. "I want..." the words struggled to come out. "I want him to cum on me."
I gestured as best I could with my head toward the other couple, who definitely picked up on it. I somehow flushed even redder with nervous embarrassment.
Scott paused for a moment. "Are you sure?"
I nodded. "As long as you're okay with it."
"I...definitely am. Yeah..." I could hear the smile on his face. He slid out of me, and the movement of air from his departure let me know how excited this had gotten me. My wetness dripped down my legs, and I was glad, for the sake of whoever used this after us, for the club's policy of sheet-changing.
Not gonna lie, it was...a little odd seeing the man I loved walk over and start to have a casual conversation while naked with my juices glistening on his cock, but, frankly, I was too exited to care. I couldn't hear their voices over the music in the next room and the porn playing on the television above us, but body language alone was telling me everything I needed to know. The blonde man looked over with a raised eyebrow at his partner, who bit her lip and nodded in approval. I thought I was going to faint when he got up, and, along with my husband, started to walk toward me.
Scott sidled up to me with a Cheshire grin. "Marie, this is Jack. Jack, Marie."
"Hi," I managed to squeak out. The blonde, Jack, was looking down at me with a smile on his face, but with a wolf's hunger in his eyes.
"Hi," Jack said. "My wife and I liked watching you dance, earlier."
"Heh, thanks." It was a fairly cute introduction. It could have been in a romantic comedy, except for the fact that Jack's fly was open and he was casually stroking himself.
I felt Scott slide in behind me once again, before wrapping his arms around my waist and lifting me up, into a sort of kneeling position. "Spread your legs," he whispered, and I did so, feeling him slide his body under me. His hand pushed on my back, and I leaned forward, shuddering as his searching fingers brushed against my clit. I could feel him guiding his tip to my entrance.
"Mmm..." I lowered myself down, soaking in the feeling of my husband filling me with his cock. Scott's finger resumed its probing at my ass, and, soon, I was once again lost in the pleasure radiating from both my holes. "Yesss...oh fuck."
"Tell our new friend what you want," Scott growled.
I bit my lip, and looked up at Jack with eyes full of need. "I want you to cum on me. Please, can you cum on me?"
He started to quicken his strokes. "I can do that."
Scott chose that moment to slip his finger further into my ass, past the first knuckle. "Fuck, yes," I moaned. "Oh, yes, I want you to cum on me while me husband fucks me."
I knew I was going to feel it in the morning, but I was a woman possessed. All concern for fatigue was gone as I rode Scott's cock, grinding myself against his shaft as my cunt radiated with pleasure. Tiny gasps and panting escaped my throat as I fucked my husband harder and harder, all the while staring at the beautiful cock in front of me, close enough to almost taste the tiny droplet of cum on the tip.
"Fuck yes," I heard myself gasp, an inner slut bubbling up inside that I never even knew was there. "Stroke that cock, Jack. Stroke it for me. Cum for me."
"Mmm, yes..." Jack said, staring at me. "You're real fuckin' hot. I love a curvy girl with big tits."
"Then cum on my tits," My pussy ached with need as I started to tense up. The wave was about to crash over me. "Cum for me, Jack."
He was close. The strokes were getting faster and faster. "Fuck. Fuck."
"Do it," Scott grunted as he plowed his cock into me. "Cum for her."
"Ah!" Jack gasped before his voice caught in his throat. "FUCK!" he yelled, as ropes of cum shot out from his cock and splattered against my chest.
As the warm splashes hit my chest, I could feel the dam break. "Oh god! I'm cumming. Scott, I'm cummiiiiing!! AAAAH!!"
Fireworks went off in my mind as I could feel my walls pulsing around Scott's cock. I was lost in the sheer wantonness of it all, gasping and shuddering in front of this audience, a stranger's cum on my breasts as the love in my life fucked the hell out of me. Everything was gone but the pleasure.
Scott jolted out of me, quickly getting to his feet. He stood in front of me with hunger in his eyes and his hand pumping his member. "Oh, fuck, Marie. You're so fucking hot. You're so...FUUUCK!!"
Another shot of cum hit my chest, and I couldn't help but to just soak in the glow of it all. My husband's cum mixing with another man's. Our shared love on display for all to see. Most of our onlookers were otherwise occupied by now. Lost in fucking each other. Lost in the vibe of the room. But here we were. The four of us. Scott and I, displaying our love and passion for each other. Jack, so taken by me he would shoot his attraction all over me. His partner, looking on with pride and a hand down her pants. This tiny sphere of love and lust. In that moment, I truly understood what was so appealing about this new adventure. No matter where I looked, there was affection. There was attraction.
And, right now, there was a lot of cum on me.
I felt myself start to come back to the room. The lovely binding of the handcuffs was turning into a more mundane ache. The wanton sluttiness of my lovers' loads turning into a slightly sticky sensation. Sadly, the real word was coming back. But the bliss of the moment? i knew that would stay.
"Thank you," I said to both of the beautiful men standing, naked, in front of me. "You were both amazing."
"You too, Marie," Scott said, pulling me in to a fiercely intense kiss. "You were so fucking hot."
"I can't complain," Jack smirked. "I'm glad you decided to come ask me to do that."
His partner sidled up beside him. Well, as much as one can sidle with a pregnant body, I suppose. "Hey, babe," she said to her man. "If you don't mind, I really need you to take me into the dungeon room after watching that."
Jack just laughed. "It's nuts, what this pregnancy's doing to you."
She extended a hand to me. Somehow I was still flustered about it, despite the fact that I'd just watched her husband cum. Fighting back the nervousness, though, I took it, and she helped me to my feet.
Behind me, Scott began to undo the handcuffs, but my eyes were all on Jack's partner. "Thanks," I told her.
"No problem," she replied. "I'm Allisen, by the way. That was really hot. Thank you, for inviting my husband over."
"Heh. Thank you for letting him." There was a breeze of cool relief as my wrists were freed.
"Can I admit something?" Allisen asked. "I'm kind of...jealous? Of Jack, I mean. You looked like a lot of fun."
My entire soul flushed red at that. "Th-thanks," I stammered.
"Can I touch you, just a little bit?"
A huge, goofy grin spread out across my face. I mean, she was really hot, and I'd never been with a woman before...I turned around to look at Scott, but all he had to offer was a bemused shrug. I turned back to Allisen. "Sure, yeah!"
Slowly, she stepped toward me, before wrapping an arm around my waist and pulling me closer. For a brief moment, my heart somersaulted, anticipating a kiss. Instead, though, she leaned down, taking my left nipple into her mouth.
"Ah!" I gasped, as her tongue danced around my areola, no doubt lapping up traces of our boys' cum in the process.
"Mmph!" she said, releasing my nipple with a sharp pull. "Thank you. I needed that."
"Anytime," I sheepishly said.
"We'll see you around the club?" she asked, grabbing her partner by the hand.
"Definitely," Scott replied, as I was in no state for real, human words at the moment.
"Fantastic," Allisen said. She turned to Jack, a stern purpose in her eyes. "Now, you. I need that hand of yours inside me.'
"Duty calls," he chuckled, waving at us as the two of them made their way toward the hallway to the specialty rooms.
Scott and I just watched after them for a while. "Wow," I eventually said.
"Yeah," Scott agreed, wrapping his arms around me. We stayed like that for a moment, and I relished the feeling of being held by him, until, once again, reality set in.
"You're probably going to want to take a shower," he suggested.
"I mean, I'm not NOT covered in cum."
With a laugh, we made our way past the pool area and toward the shower stalls. Luckily, everyone seemed to be otherwise occupied at the moment, so we had the whole place to ourselves. I cleaned what needed to be cleaned, and we sat and chatted for a while in the comfort of the warm water. It was a necessary, yet totally fine check-in, and, confirming we were both okay,we decided to indulge ourselves for a bit, making out as the shower poured down around us.
Any notion of us getting up to any more wacky and sexy hijinks evaporated once we toweled off and grabbed our clothes from the lockers, however. A quick glance at a clock on the wall confirmed that it was nearing 1:00 in the morning, and our usual bedtime had been left in the dust hours ago.
That didn't mean that we would skip on the snacks, though. We talked it over, and, between the appetite worked up by the sex and a mutual desire to get our money's worth out of the evening, we decided to sit down for a bit and enjoy the potluck that was still sitting out in the kitchen.
Not gonna lie, it was surprisingly good.
As we both enjoyed a plate of mac and cheese, some of the other club patrons decided to engage in some small talk with us. I got into a nice chat about knitting with a topless woman twenty years my senior, while Scott commiserated with her husband about the cost of housing in the area.
All in all, it was a lovely time. Though, soon, Scott was signalling to me that he wanted to head out. As we went to get our coats, a familiar pair of people stepped into the entrance room.
"Hey, you two," Allisen said, looking much more calmly satisfied than she had been the last time we saw her. "You headed out?"
"Yeah," I replied. "It's late, for us."
"Tell me about it," Jack said, rubbing the back of his neck. "Don't get me wrong, it's worth it. But I'm gonna be dead at work tomorrow."
"Ugh, right?" Scott interjected.
Allisen's eyes scanned over me, and, just for an instance, that wicked, wanting look passed over her face again. "You two thinking of coming back next week?"
I looked over at my man and smiled. "Yeah, I think that's definitely possible."
"Make sure of it," Jack said, giving me a smirk that showed the flirtatious glances weren't just his wife's trademark. "We'd love to see you again."
"Yeah, we'll keep an eye out for you," Scott replied.
I gave a little wave. "See you later."
They waved back at us, and Scott and I turned toward the entrance and walked out of the building, holding each other close the entire time. As we headed toward the car, lit only by the porch lights of the house and with gravel crunching under our feat, I let out a contented sigh.
"Yeah?" Scott asked.
"Yeah," I replied, pulling him close to me.
"For real though, checking in. How are you? How are we?"
I rolled the idea around in my head a bit. "Good! I'm definitely good. Like, that was a ton of fun, I think."
"Yep, yep," Scott agreed.
"I really liked all the daaaaancing..." I teased out. "The food was good..." I mock tapped my finger against my chin, thinking.
"All good things."
"Oh! And the part where you fucked me like a wild animal while another guy came on me! That was pretty good too," I said, chuckling in flustered giddiness. "How about you? Was that fun for you?"
"It was so much fucking fun," Scott growled. "Don't forget the part where that woman played with your nipple."
A shiver ran down my spine. "Hrmm...yeah...that was nice."
"And I guess now you've technically done sex stuff with a lady."
"Oh yeah!" I realized. "That's pretty neat."
We walked for a while now, just enjoying the quiet moonlight. The car started to come into view now. I gave Scott another tight glomping before letting him go, as we each went to separate sides of the vehicle.
Before I had a chance to buckle my seat belt, I felt Scott's hand on my face. "Hey," he said, half in whisper. "For real, that was so much fun, and so good. I...really enjoyed seeing you do stuff with other people, and I really hope it was everything you were wanting."
I placed my hand against his. "It was. I know we went slow tonight but...I'm really glad we did what we did. Thank you, for this."
"Absolutely," he smiled at me, melting my whole being. "So. Wanna play with that couple some more?"
I nodded. "Uh-huh."
He slipped his thumb into my mouth, and I, instinctively, started sucking on it. After a few seconds, he popped it out. "Good girl."
"Uuuuhhhh...so mean," I protested, sinking into a little puddle in my seat. He chuckled at me as he started the car's ignition. The jerk.
...next week couldn't come soon enough.