It's been a long day of flirting with my amazing husband and catching small bits of kisses and secret grabs all day, all of course I think leading to a great night in bed together. When he tells me that he's wanting to head to a friends house to hang for a while I find it hard to hide my disappointment. Although my clever pussy is quick to find alternative routes to a swollen exhausted state.
Leaning into his ear as I hug him goodbye I whisper my plans for a night of solo servitude to that clever, hungry, core of mine. With a grin he breathes in my ear and says "when you're feeling like you're hanging from the edge by a hair, imagine my groans of release and you'll enjoy the fall 10 times more". If I wasn't ready to fuck myself into unconsciousness before, I was now.
I kissed him goodbye and anxiously brainstormed every tantalizing thing I would do to my body.
Strolling down to my room I put on my short silky black robe, knowing I'd need slight coverage but easy access to tease my way through the session. As I made my way towards my drawer of goodies I couldn't shake the feeling of not being alone, although I knew I was because hubby had texted "I'll be back around 10", I also couldn't help but pick out more than enough toys, for fear my appetite would be bigger then my collection entirely.
Grabbing the ultra smooth lube hubby and I keep by the bed, I decided to start off nice and slow and get hands on with my anatomy. Slipping a warm wet finger around my clitoris was the perfect start I knew I'd wanted. Stroking up and down the right side of my clitoris caressing my every nerve ending. This slow start was doing the best job at sending an ample amount of blood flow to the Southern Hemisphere. Each stroke swelling me larger and larger, giving my pussy that soft, plump cushion my husband aches for.
My body flushing at the thought of his hard cock. Stroking until my body cannot possibly send anymore blood into this sensitive area of my body, I decided it was time to give into the the pulsing ache at the opening of my core. My pelvic muscles were no longer under my control as I felt my pussy flex over and over hoping to find something deliciously thick to pulse around.
Grabbing my steel barbell I began massaging at the side of my clit making long slow strokes down to my ass alternating sides to ensure a very full and swollen clitoris in all its entirety. Rounding the edge of the thickest part of the barbell near my opening I felt my core pulse in anticipation of being able to swallow up the whole warm, large, steel bulb. But I knew I couldn't make things that easy for myself. A solo session this undisturbed and focused had to be milked for every second of available time there was.
Before I gave in to everything the magic wand and barbell could offer me I stripped myself of the silky robe and decided my nipples felt a little underdressed. Grabbing my rhinestone studded nipple clamps I placed them snuggly against my pink hardened nips. The chain between the two hanging loosely down my stomach connecting to a thin belt of rhinestones that wrapped around my waist. Laying back down and grabbing the wand to massage my clit back to hunger, I began slipping the thick heavy weight of the barbell just inside my cunt.
As the full bulb slipped inside and expertly pressed against my luscious swollen inner clit I ran my hand down my stomach, my thumb hooking the sparkling stones at my waist, increasing the tension and pulling at my perky tight tits. The electric shock that shot from my nipples straight to my clitoris was almost too much to bear in combination with the internal clitoral pressure. Letting the tension on my nipples go, my hips rocked against the solidness of the barbell. I could feel my entire internal clitoris was swollen making my whole pussy tighter. Harder and harder I pressed myself against the steel, a tightness building inside my entire being.
Hand moving quicker and quicker as my hips desperately pleaded for more then what my arm muscles could give. Biting my lip in hopes to try and hold in the pressure just a little longer, I savored every single slight nudge my swollen pussy was receiving. As my eyes began to heat and water with the intensity of pleasure I gave the nipple clamps a tug and felt myself reach the top of the mountain. My mind flashing back to the words my husband spoke about his groans of release, I threw my head back and cried out in release as the crippling waves of pleasure surged through me over and over again as I moaned and gasped in synch with my body.
As I lie trying to catch my breath I saw something move out of the corner of my eye, cautiously focusing my eyes, I saw my husbands hungry face just beyond the glass of our bedroom window. Hmm seems as though he couldn't turn down such a hot ticket show. Leaning up to the window I saw that not only was his face hungry but so was the throbbing thickness within his palm. Immediately snapping into performance mode, I asked in a total tease voice "Enjoy the show?" His only response was "please let me see that ass, just a little?"
Flashing a coy smile I crawled back towards the bed knowing I had desperate starving eyes watching my every inch and curve. I sprawled out face down, ass up and slipped myself those delicate knowing fingers once again. Knowing my husband was getting the perfect view of my juicy plump ass spread wide with my fingers dancing along the bud of pleasure beneath it. Already craving more than my narrow fingers could deliver I teased a few more minutes before reaching for my trusty soft flesh dildo. Gripping the base of the dildo in my palm I began slapping my glistening wet core, with the intention of driving my husband mad with desire.
I knew what he wanted, holding my hand steady, I began stroking my pussy against the dildo popping my ass up and down teasing the entrance over and over again, one of my husbands favorite moves. Before I could get myself as hungry as I knew my husband was, he was standing above my head, cock straining at his hips begging for the warm wet seal of my mouth. He must have come inside the house while I was turned away from the window, anxious to trade his albeit competent hand for something a little softer and wetter belonging to me.
Gladly reaching up, I stroked him gently before moving to my back. Tilting my head over the edge of the bed I gripped him with my hand and my throat while with the other hand pumping the fleshy dildo into my wet cunt. My soft wet lips dragged up and down the length of his shaft as my tongue curled around his tip. I took my time staring at his face, smiling next to his cock and caressing his glistening cock with my mouth.
Soon my husband was pumping into my mouth as I fucked myself blind. I knew he couldnt take much more and then I heard him groan "fuck I'm gonna cum" his cock pulled out and came on my lips before he slid it back in filling my mouth with his sweet hot release.
He waited until just after he came to reach down and give the chain attached to my nipples a tug, while lavishly stroking his tongue on my nipples too. The tender wet strokes paired with the tension on my nipples and dildo driving in and out of me sent me into another orgasm. As I rode the waves, hubby stroked and caressed me tending my body as it slowly came back down to earth.