After dressing, I sat on my bed running over the events in the corridor. Or more accurately, the what ifs. What if one of them had turned? What if I hadn't been able to open the door at all? What if they had seen me standing in the corridor, completely naked?
The adrenaline had long since faded, leaving me feeling drained. But there was something else there too. A kind of buzz. An excitement.
Kevin and Justin had nearly seen me. And for the first time in my life, I knew I wanted to be seen. Not naked. That was way too much. But I'm very shy, and therefore very modest. So even the thought of exposing the smallest glimpse of flesh seemed somehow daring and exciting.
I was spurred into action by the sound of the front door slamming. Justin had left. Kevin was downstairs alone.
The fact that he was my brother didn't bother me at all. I went to an all girl's school, with an all female staff. I had no male friends. The only men I knew at all we're my brother and his 4 friends. And I only saw them when they were with him. So it had to be my brother on his own, or my brother with his friends. And I wasn't ready for more than one person to see me. So it had to be my brother.
And so the next question. What was I going to do. That one was quite easy. Boys like boobs. I normally keep myself well covered. This time I was going to flash some cleavage.
It doesn't sound like much; walking into a room with a low cut top on. But for me it was a huge step. It was a totally different mind set and I was racked with nerves as I walked down the stairs.
The top was an old, now too small, school shirt. The top two buttons undone and a couple of safety pins discreetly positions to keep the collar and lapels out of the way.
I considered backing out as each stair fell away beneath my feet. But when when I got to the bottom a new determination set it. I steeled my nerve and strode purposefully into the kitchen.
I nearly had a heard attack. The sound of the front door hadn't been Justin leaving. It had been Kevin's other 3 friends; Paul, Frank and Bobby arriving. All 5 where sitting at the kitchen table, with boxes of take away pizza in front of them, staring directly at me. Or more accurately at the generous display of flesh my too small shirt was offering.
I froze for a second. Should I turn and run back to the safety of my bedroom? No, that would bring even more attention. I had to go through with it, even with all 5 boys there.
I carried on into the kitchen. Nobody spoke. They just stared. Their eyes followed my chest as I crossed the room and pulled the fridge door open.
The fridge door blocked their view of me. But I new I couldn't hide behind it for long. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die. Kevin was supposed to be on his own. I was expecting one set of eyes to witness my small exposure, not 5!
I knew I had no choice but to run the gauntlet again. I grabbed a juice box from the fridge. My hand shaking with nerves as I picked it up.
I closed the fridge door and turned back towards the boys. They were all gawping at me. I wanted to hug my arms across my chest, but I didn't want them to see how my exposure was affecting me. I wanted to appear nonchalant. So I kept my arms by my side as I walked back passed them and back out of the kitchen door. Their eyes on stalks following every step.
Once out of their sight I collapsed against the wall. I couldn't believe what I'd just done. I couldn't believe all 5 of the boys had seen me parade in front of them. It was scary, but also very exciting. It was probably the most thrilling thing I'd ever done in my life. Had they liked what they'd seen. I didn't have to wait long to find out.
"Fuck me!" Frank said. "Your sister's tits are fucking huge!"
He clearly thought I was out of ear shot. If I'd gone straight upstairs I would have been.
"Dude, that's my sister!" Kevin replied.
"Don't give me that," Paul chimed in. "You were looking just like the rest of us."
"I had no idea she was so hot," Bobby added. "Where the hell has she been hiding those massive knockers."
"You are such a lucky bastard having a that hot piece as a sister. Fuck I wish I had a sister like that." Frank added.
"You do have a sister," Kevin replied.
"Yeah, but my sister's a beast."
They all laughed at that, including my brother.
There was something about the way they were talking about me that got me excited. It wasn't just that they had liked what they'd seen. It was the language they were using. Objectifying me. Talking about me only in terms of my body. My large chest. It was exciting. I guess it was a turn on.
I wanted to stay and listen, but I didn't want to risk getting caught so I tore myself away from the door and went back up to my bedroom.
In my bedroom I went through it again over and over. With each remembering I took a little more pleasure. I was desperate to do it again. I was suddenly very proud of my generous chest and wanted the boys to see it.
I didn't have to wait long for an opportunity. I'd been back in my room less than 10 minutes when I heard my brother calling me from the bottom of the stairs.
"Emma!"
I left the safety of my bedroom, still dressed in the too small shirt, and went to the top of the stairs.
"What?"
"We ordered too much pizza. There spare in the kitchen if you want some."
This was out of character. While Kevin and I don't have a bad relationship, we're not exactly close either. The offer of pizza was nothing to do with Kevin's benevolence. It was very much about parading his under dressed sister in front of his friends. Fortunately for him, the idea of being paraded in front of Kevin's friends was suddenly hugely appealing.
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah, it'll just go to waste. Help yourself."
He went back to his friends in the kitchen. I stayed where I was for a moment while I built up the courage. This wouldn't be like earlier when I got the juice box from the fridge. Then I'd been in and out in less than two minutes. This was bigger, an escalation. Our mother had forbidden us from eating food in our bedrooms. So I'd have to sit down with the boys in the kitchen. Take a slice of pizza. Bite, chew, swallow. Maybe they'd want to talk to me. All the time they'd be staring at my large breasts bulging out of my too small top. I'd have to remain nonchalant. Pretend I did notice where their eyes were focused, or the lust in those eyes. I took a deep breath to calm myself then started to descend the stairs.
They had thought it through. The kitchen table seats 6. But they had taken the chair from one end of the table and put it in the corner of the room, out of the way. In it's place they had one of the bar stools from the kitchen counter. They'd put a plate on the table in front of the stool, to help entice me to sit where they wanted me to. I couldn't work out what the point was, but I realised they must have a plan. So I sat in my designated place.
The stool was too high for the table, so I was left sitting with my knees only slightly below the table top. Looking down at them. The boys all had plates of pizza in front of them, and there were 2 pizza boxes in the middle of the table.
"Help yourself." Kevin said.
5 sets of eyes watched me expectantly.
It wasn't until I reached for a slice of pizza that I understood. The high stool and the position of the pizza box meant I had too lean forward and down to get a slice. My shirt fell away from my chest which was now at perfect eye level for my 5 voyeurs. They had a clear view of the creamy orbs in my abundantly filled bra.
I dropped a slice on my plate then leaned forward for a second, once again presenting my chest for there inspection.
My nervousness was gone now. Replaced with an intense thrill and enjoyment of every lusty gaze.
I stayed leaning over the plate as I took a bight of pizza. I let the rest of the slice drop, as I sat up to finish my mouthful.
"Thanks for sharing your pizza with me," I said after swallowing. "I really appreciate it."
They all replied; "sure", "any time." "No problem."
I leaned forward over the plat against and tore another mouthful of pizza. Any sense of foreboding I had had at the start was now completely forgot. Just the thrill of being watched remained.
It took me a few minutes to eat both slices of pizza. None of the boys touched their own food. I was loving it all. The longing stares as I leaned over my plate to take a bite. Each time my bra cover mountains were presented to the eager gaze. The anticipation of the show to come as I finished my mouthful and prepare to dip again.
The conversation throughout was stilted, a little forced. When I finished the second slice I thanked them and left. But I stopped outside the door again so I could hear what they said.
"Fucking me Kev, you're the man."
"Yeah, that was awesome. I can't believe you got her to come down and sit like that."
"Yeah man. Fuck those tits are frickin incredible. I can't believe we never noticed how stacked she is."
"Hey Kev, do you think she knows what a show she was putting on?"
"No chance. If Emma knew she was flashing her titties she'd be mortified."
"You've got to set it up again. Your sister's fuckin' smoking."
"I'll see what I can do. But I can't promise anything. Like I say, she's pretty shy."