Although this piece could be read as a standalone story, you might enjoy it more if you have read the preceding parts.
----------
As a brief recap, a couple of months ago I separated from the Navy after six years in submarines. Growing bored of lounging around my parents' house, I began a job search, and to my surprise I found myself in an interview a short time later. An interview, believe it or not, that ended with my having sex with my hiring manager. That was actually normal given that my new job was to sexually service the women of Foxx Inc.
Excellent work if you can get it.
----------
After several weeks at Foxx Inc, I was feeling pretty comfortable and secure. I hadn't had any more 'complaints' (see Ch. 03) and my female coworkers seemed genuinely pleased with my, um, performance. At the time there was one potential problem I was keeping an eye on, and I'll have to recount that in another chapter. This chapter is about a Friday to remember.
It was noon on a Thursday, and I had yet to be visited by one of the Foxx women. That was odd, although not completely unheard of. I'd grabbed lunch early and was looking over proposals for the new janitorial services contract when my phonedinged. A text from Ms Olson, the lead HR rep, simply told me to check email. Any contact, even a text, from that woman had me well on my way to hard in moments. I woke my computer and read her message.
"Mr. Jeffries, tomorrow the firm will be holding a 'Free Use Friday.' To be sure things go as well as desired, I have arranged some training this afternoon. Please study this email and commit the customs and rules of FuF to memory. Then, promptly at 1305, come to my office for a practical exam; I will be the one available for free use. See you soon."
Attached to the email was a document, and adjusting my now fully hard cock, I opened it to learn what she had in mind.
"The concept of free use is as follows: one party, in this case women of the firm wearing blue or black dresses, skirts or slacks on Free Use Friday, gives prior consent for sex without further discussion. The other party, in this case the PBS, can, at any time, engage in sexual acts with the consenting party. None of the women present will acknowledge anything sexual is happening. For example, you may find a woman wearing a black skirt having a conversation with some coworkers in the breakroom, walk up, bend her over a table and commence fucking her, and no one in the room is tonoticeyou are doing so.
As you will be engaging the women at the time of your choosing, it is your responsibility to ensure the firm is not embarrassed or placed in jeopardy. For example, there are circumstances, say when someone is on a video call, that require discretion. Note, this does not mean you cannot or should not engage in sexual acts with them during a call; however, you must carefully consider what the other side will see or hear.
During FuF you may find a woman you wish to engage, take any appropriate precautions regarding discretion, pose them as desired, undress them as needed, and get on with business. While they will not acknowledge you, they will participate. For example, if you put their hand around your cock they will stroke you. If you undress a woman you need not redress them when you depart.
For your first FuF at the firm, we have decided to keep the rules simple.
-Any woman wearing a black or blue dress, skirt or slacks is a consenting player
-All woman so consenting give prior consent for: vaginal sex (to include internal ejaculation), oral sex (give/receive through to orgasm), undressing, all manner of breast fondling, facials, titty fucking, and handjobs."
I pushed back from the desk and exhaled. Wowzers. I checked the time and found there were still forty-five minutes until my meeting with Ms Olson. Knowing I would not be able to focus on the proposals after that reading, I decided instead to double down on my hydration by knocking back a bottle of water and a pineapple juice.
----------
For no reason in particular on this day I was dressed as a custodial engineer, aka janitor. However, after reading over the email a few times I decided to change my attire and opted instead for office intern. Ditching the utility shirt and blue trousers, I donned black slacks, dress shoes, a white shirt and a tie. I left the underwear off as I figured they would just get in the way. Knowing precisely how long it took to get to Ms Olson's office, I left at 1302 and arrived at her door at 1305. Nearly hard before I even opened the door, my brain ran through a dozen scenarios in the brief moment between scanning my key card and opening the door.
Ms Olson was behind her desk, engaged in a discussion with someone else that I did not immediately see. Closing the door behind me, I noted the presence of a smartly dressed woman perhaps mid-30s in age. She had black hair in a tight bun at the back of her head, a white blouse, blue blazer and a black skirt. While I recognized her as a recent hire, I did not so much as know her name. Her eyes darted to me for an instant, and a flush came over her otherwise rather pale complexion. It seemed she was ignoring me, which was very much in line with the fantasy angle I'd been told to expect. Of course, the flush was a slight giveaway. After a brief glance, I turned to Ms Olson, who was seated, cross-legged in her chair, one leg slightly swinging.
"Ms Garland, Elise," the HR rep said, "You are going to have to make a better case than that if you want me to hire an assistant for you."
"I, well, you see," the woman I assumed to be Ms Garland said with a slight stammer.
I grinned and moved to stand next to Ms Olson as the new woman organized her thoughts. If she was distracted, I didn't do her any favors as I walked up next to Ms Olson, unzipped, withdrew my cock, and placed Ms Olson's hand on it. True to form, she didn't do anything to acknowledge the act as she started to stroke me.
Ms Garland cleared her throat and made an effort to maintain eye contact with Ms Olson. "Yes," she said at last with some firmness, "as the new lead of the contracts division it is suboptimal for me to have legal discussions with clients without an assistant to take notes and help me with other necessary administrative tasks."
Ms Olson stroked my cock, mindfully running her palm over the head and spreading the increasing pre-cum along my shaft as she considered her response. She said, "Suboptimal you say? I'm intrigued. Please explain how not having an assistant affects you. And be sure to be detailed as I want to be convinced."
Suspecting this was a ploy to avoid saying anything, I took a hold of Ms Olson's ever convenient and present ponytail and guided her head down to my dick, where she quite pleasantly took me into her mouth and began to fellate me.
I stole a glance at Ms Garland, and found her staring at the wall behind us, trying desperately not to observe the blowjob being performed right in front of her. Her flush was, if anything, even a deeper shade of crimson, her nostrils flared and her nipples now pointy enough to cut glass. She took a deep breath before talking very slowly. "There are, in fact, several reasons. I'll go over a few in detail, as you asked, and then maybe we can discuss them."
Ms Olson, not pausing her cock sucking efforts in the slightest, gestured with her free hand to indicate the woman should, in fact, continue.
"Very well. The most important reason for me to have an assistant is to have someone present for all meetings and phone calls. This allows me to engage in a dynamic and involved conversation, representing the firm with maximum efficiency because I know someone is accurately recording every word said. In my experience, most of the people I engage with will not have that luxury, and this puts them at a disadvantage when we recount terms and conditions from those discussions."
Ms Olson pulled off my cock with an audible 'pop' and turned toward the other woman. "I gather you are saying that most of the people you engage in are not as quick as yourself, and when you read their words back to them they are surprised?" Without waiting for a response, she resumed the blowjob.
Ms Garland's glance darted toward Ms Olson's head, though again only for an instant. She inhaled sharply, then exhaled slowly as she shook her head, a slight smile on her face. "Not to sound too full of myself, but yes, that is exactly what I am saying."
Ms Olson managed to convey a nod with another hand gesture. Ms Garland nodded in response, and said, "My priorities are on the position and protection of Foxx Inc, and that means my time is best spent planning for and engaging with clients, not writing up my notes and preparing documents such as NDAs."
Ms Olson again pulled off my cock with a 'pop' and continued to stroke me as she turned and replied, a smile appearing on her face, "Are you saying things such as notes and documents are not worth your time?" And again, she resumed her blowjob efforts.
Ms Garland looked annoyed ever so briefly, but Ms Olson was not looking at her. Then, her gaze shifted to me, back to Ms Olson and what she was doing, and she wetted her lips almost obviously, before returning to look past Ms Olson. "Those tasks are certainly worth doing; however, you are not paying me a few hundred dollars an hour to do them."
Ms Olson pulled off me, and now I was quite ready to continue my own, er, congress with the HR rep. "I believe we are in agreement on your points so far, Elise. Do continue." As she spoke, I lifted her from the chair and placed one hand between her shoulder blades. Pushing slightly as I had one hand on her hip, she compliantly bent forward over the desk. I tossed her skirt up onto her back as Ms Garland's eyes went wide for a moment as she realized what was about to happen.
"My final point is more--" and she was interrupted by a deep groan from Ms Olson as I sheathed myself fully inside her ever delectable, and wet, pussy. Ms Olson let out a long breath and our new lawyer continued, "well, it is a little more, ah, basic."
I began fucking Ms Olson with solid strokes, slamming her hips against the desk as I did. She tried, and failed, to avoid a faint grunt with each thrust. "Please, ungh, Ms Garland, ungh, do, ungh, continue. I'm sure, ungh, that you wouldn't, ungh, ask if you didn't, ungh, need it." Subconsciously or not, she put a heavy emphasis on 'need.'
Though we had not been at it long, I sensed she was getting as close as I was. Ms Garland was beet red at this point and breathing almost as hard as Ms Olson. "Yes, well, you see, our clients and competitors all know who does, and does not answer their own phones and make their own appointments. In addition to greatly helping me with my work, an assistant goes a long way toward conveying the firm's status to outsiders."
At the moment she finished that statement, I had my fingers on Ms Olson's clit, and I squeezed it as I drove toward my rapidly approaching climax. As expected, she was not far behind me, and she gripped the edge of the desk as she let out a low quiet moan and clenched my cock. With that, I started to come myself. After a moment she let go of the desk with one hand and hit the desk twice, "Fuuuuuhhck," she said in a drawn out way. Then she blew her hair out of her face even as I continued to fill her pussy through our mutual climax.
Ms Garland unabashedly gawked at me for a long moment, then looked away. Grinning like the Cheshire Cat, I withdrew from Ms Olson, pulled her skirt back down, and pulled up my trousers. As I did so, Ms Olson said, "Well, Elise, I have to say I was on the fence, but your arguments pushed me over the edge and I am fully behind your proposal." Not bothering to smooth her skirt, Ms Olson stood upright and extended her hand, the one she had been stroking me with by the way, to the other woman, "You do understand that your assistant needs to be a woman, and possesses shall we say, certain attitudes?"
Ms Garland stood and shook the offered hand, "Thank you. And yes, I am quite clear on the necessary attitudes of Foxx Inc employees."
Ms Olson nodded, "Good, then I expect to see the write up for the position this afternoon."
The other woman returned the nod, then left the room. Ms Olson at once turned to me and kissed me hard. "God I've missed doing that!" Seeing my confused expression she added, "It's been quite a while since I've been able to arrange and participate in that kind of fantasy. I dare say we surprised Elise even though she knew this was, ah, coming." She sat down and looked up at me with a big grin, "I can't speak for her, but if I'd been sitting there, watching us, I'd be soaked." I returned the grin and she added, "Don't worry, she won't be frustrated for long. You are scheduled to stop by her office at 1535, though she doesn't know that."
Though I had just come a few minutes ago, I could feel myself stirring. "I'll try not to be late." I walked to the door, then realized something, "By the way, do I need to know what Ms Garland's regular tri-graphs are?"
Ms Olson gave me a surprised look, "Oh my! How did I miss that you haven't been with her yet?" She snickered, then laughed, then waved a hand at me in dismissal, "Don't worry, I'm sure anything on the free use list I sent you will be fine with her." Then something seemed to occur to her, and she smirked, "Though maybe you should check her badge after all."
----
Back in my office, I freshened up after my delightfully exhibitionist tryst with Ms Olson and sat down to have a look at Ms Garland's calendar. There was a 1530 meeting with a subject line of "private meeting". I could not see the attendees, but a quick check of Ms Olson's calendar revealed a meeting on the same topic. '1535', I thought to myself, and then a different idea popped into my head.
I finished with the new services contract, sent a signed version on its way, and had another water. I switched to the blue HVAC tech uniform and arrived at Ms Garland's office a little after 1520. Opening the door her eyes popped as she recognized me. Then she checked her watch and her hand shot to cover her mouth and she squeaked an, "Oh my!" She shook her head and went back to doing whatever it had been when I entered. Closing the door behind me I walked over to stand beside her. I reached down between her blouse covered boobs and picked up her key cards. Her trigraphs held a surprise for me: REX, NIX, CIP. The last two were relatively common, indicating she preferred for me to ejaculate in her pussy, and she liked everything done with her breasts. The first one though, gave me a pause and it took a moment to remember it. Reluctant exhibitionism. I checked the time, 1525. Looking around the room I decided on a course of action. Standing behind her I put my hands under her arms and had her stand. She said nothing, and kept focused forward as her panties were lowered and removed. I gestured for her to sit, then moved under the desk and rolled her chair forward slightly. Moving her skirt up and out of the way, I moved her knees as far apart as possible before reaching out to stroke the junction of her thighs with both hands. Despite trying to remain 'in character', my strokes so near her pussy resulted in a heavy moan. With one hand I barely brushed her clit, while the other ran up and just between her folds. As I had hoped and expected, she was soaked. I waited for a cue.
A couple of minutes later, the door latch clicked and I heard someone enter the room, and I thought it might actually be two people.
"Gwen, Ashley, good afternoon," said Ms Garland. "Please take a seat."
Ah, this meant that not only was Ms Olson present, but so was Ms Maddox, the Managing Partner whom I had met only twice before.
"You're looking a bit flushed, are you alright?" said Ms Maddox.
Ms Garland shifted in her seat slightly, and I did not pause my actions. "I'm fine, really just a little hot, er, warm I think."
"Well then," said Ms Olson, "shall we, get to it then?" There was a pause and she continued, "Gwen, Elise has stated some concerns with the impregnation arrangements."
"I see," said Ms Maddox, "please explain."
"This is a field with surprisingly little case law," began Ms Garland. "Aside from paternity cases arising from sperm donor instances in California, there isn't much out there."
I heard all of this clearly, but the context didn't register with me. I kept up my efforts on Ms Garland, who was starting to squirm.
"So we're clear," said Ms Olson, "the person most likely to be concerned with the terms is the, ah, sperm donor."
Ms Maddox said, "You mean Mr Jeffries."
And on that note, not a little surprised at this news myself, I pushed two fingers as deep into Ms Garland as I could, and was rewarded with a faint, but noticeable "Ooh!"
"Yes Elise? What was that?" Ms Olson said, a definite hint of mirth in her voice.
Feeling the sponginess of her g-spot, I pressed on it rhythmically and she squirmed, grinding against my fingers. "Ahem, yes, most of the case law is concerned with donor rights and responsibilities after birth, primarily in regards to financial support and visitation." As she spoke I continued to work her pussy, trying to be careful and not to get her too close to coming. She groaned.
"Are you quite sure you're okay?" asked Ms Maddox. I gathered Ms Garland nodded because a moment later she continued, "Do you think a solution is achievable? She's quite intent on having everything set so she can, well, not to put to fine a point on it, fuck with a purpose when she's ready." Now that we were talking clearly, II decided it was time to move on.
I pushed the chair back from the desk while keeping my fingers moving inside her. Once there was space I crawled out from the chair and pulled Ms Garland to her feet. I looked at the two women on the couch, and found they were steadfastly looking right at Ms Garland, pointedly not looking at me. My hands went to the front of her blouse and I started to unbutton it. Her breathing got heavier. "I don't believe there is a way to completely prevent future legal action, but it does seem quite unlikely."
Finished with her blouse, I was pleasantly surprised to find a front clasp bra, which was at once undone to release her b-cups to everyone present. Her nipples were like diamonds against my palms.
Ms Olson smirked, "So we could say the exposure of the firm would not be a concern?"
Before Ms Garland could reply, I dropped my trousers and sat in the chair, my hands moving to Ms Garland's hips. She let out a long breath, knowing what was coming.
"Nope," she said quickly.
Now, with one hand I pulled Ms Garland down to my lap, aiming my cock home with the other. I sighed as she sank down fully on me, sheathing me in her wet warmth.
"I, mmm, agree," said Ms Olson with a grin. "I don't believe Mr Jeffries will have an issue when everything is explained. He's a very reasonable person."
Ms Maddox nodded and both women stood up from the couch. "Well then, I think this meeting accomplished its purpose, wouldn't you say Ashley?"
Ms Olson grinned, "It's close enough to a conclusion, yes. We can leave Elise to finish on her own."
The other woman nodded and the two of them turned to go. The moment the door shut Ms Garland jumped up from my lap and pulled me up out of the chair, kissing me very aggressively. "Sorry to break out of the fantasy," she said, then pushed me away and opened the valise next to her desk. Inside was some work out gear, and a pile of folded towels. She handed me two, and said, "Get naked and put those on the floor." She shrugged off her bra and blouse as she said this, then removed her skirt as she strode to the door and locked it. I pulled off my shirt, stepped out of my trousers and lay down on the towels in the center of the room. At once she straddled my hips and started sliding her clit along my length.
I moved my head up and took one nipple in my mouth as I pinched the other. Her face next to my ear, she said heavily, "I've never been so turned on as I have been for the last two hours." I tugged on her nipple with my teeth and she moaned. "I don't want to surprise you, so I'll warn you that sometimes I squirt when I'm really excited. And right now I'm way past that. Oh, and if I come really hard, I can get really out of it. Don't let it stop you."
I nodded, shifting nipples to suck on the other one. She pulled me away from her chest and kissed me hard, angling her hips as she did and taking me inside her on the next stroke. The next instant she started riding me faster than anyone ever had. Her breathing accelerated, and after maybe thirty seconds she held her breath and then nearly screamed into my mouth. Her pussy clenched around me, and then a veritable flood of hot liquid splashed out of her and all over my abdomen. Her lower body started shaking, then a bit later her breathing changed to a fast pant for just a bit before she collapsed on top of me, completely limp yet still quivering after her orgasm.
Remembering what she said, I rolled her onto her back, held on to her knees and fucked her for a very short time before flooding her pussy. It was good, really good, and I sat back on my haunches waiting for her to come back to reality. It was maybe thirty seconds before her eyes fluttered open, she smiled at me, and with one hand she caressed her pussy, feeling me still inside her. She gave her clit a pinch, moaned, then said, "Is it always like this?"
Since she hadn't done anything yet to signal I should leave, I gave her a couple strokes and she sighed. "What part exactly?" I asked.
"Where to begin? I started working here three weeks ago with the understanding that once in a while I'd have the opportunity to visit you for some fooling around. Then yesterday, before I had that chance, Ashley came to my office and asked me if I could help with this free use idea. She said my profile, with 'REX', made me a natural for a first test."
"I gather she wasn't wrong about that," I said, and she gestured for me to withdraw, so I did, and then we both stood and started dressing.
"No, but having sex right in front of the boss? That's a whole other level of kink."
"Well, as a matter of fact that's three firsts for me today." Ms Garland was redonning her blouse, no bra, and I continued, "Sex for an audience, twice, a real squirter, and coming inside a willing partner who was pretty much passed out."
"Unconscious, to be precise. Oh, and that makes me glad I warned you and gave you the towels. I was so incredibly horny after watching you and Ashley that I really wanted to come back here and get myself off. But I knew you were going to have me somewhere with other people before the end of work, and that thought made me want to wait."
I grinned, "That was fucking hot for sure."
She pulled up her skirt and ran her fingers through her hair, "And this is a normal workday for you?"
I shrugged, "Not really. Usually three or four women stop by my office one at a time over the course of a day. This was the first time outside my office." I snapped my fingers, "Except for the gym, oh and that time in the nurse's office."
She looked at me quizzically, "And that isn't too much?"
I gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Ms Garland, I eat three meals a day and never get tired of food. With variety and fun, it'll never be too much."
"You can call me Elise, you know."
I winked and went for the door, "I know Ms Garland, I know." Something occurred to me and I turned around, "Say, when do I hear more about this pregnancy thing?"
"You remembered that?" She shook her head and then giggled, "As soon as the other party commits." She shrugged, "Though it might not even happen."
I nodded and finished dressing before leaving her office. I did not have any other visits that afternoon, and I spent a quiet evening at home thinking about how I should approach the day tomorrow. The possibilities seemed endless.
-----
I awoke earlier than normal on Friday morning, eager to get to Foxx Inc so as not to miss out on even a minute. I was sitting in the entrance waiting area, attired in a suit and tie and sporting a nametag bearing 'Jayce', a good fifteen minutes before anyone else arrived. Shortly past 0700 I got an email fromMs Olson. It was titled 'Friday.' Opening it I found everyone but myself was bcc'd. It was a short note that simply read "FuF rules are confirmed and in effect until COB today. Those not wishing to passively participate are required to avoid potential situations or exit as needed." I wasn't entirely sure what that last part meant, but given I was definitely not the passive participant for today, it clearly did not apply to me.
I sat in the large room with a notepad and a coffee. As women arrived, I took note of who was wearing black or blue. The first to arrive in a black dress wasMs Cartwright from accounting. I moved to stand in front of her and she stopped, staring right past me. I lifted her secondary badge, noted the trigraphs, and stepped back out of her way. It was almost like I had briefly put her in a trance. Over the next hour I repeated this procedure a total of four more times. Five women had decided to play, and my first task was to initiate the game.
List in hand, I made my way to Ms Maddox' office. I found her sitting at her desk, apparently checking email. I walked up behind her and unbuttoned her blouse before sliding it off her shoulders. I then unhooked and removed her bra before spending a good couple of minutes kneading her breasts and sucking at her nipples. Then I threw her bra into my bag and left her office.
I repeated this scene four more times, or actually three, because one of the women was already without a bra when I found her. Cindy from IT, who I knew as 'Ms Velma', was sitting in her office having a discussion with another woman who I noticed was not wearing black. Ms Velma, however, was wearing a purple sweater and a black skirt. "Amanda I really don't know what to tell you," Ms Velma said.
The other woman, who I knew as Amanda Stevens from operations, seemed a bit surprised to see me before realizing what was about to happen and she stood up. Ms Velma said, "Amanda, where are you going? Don't you want to talk about this?"
Ms Stevens looked at me, back at Ms Velma, and meekly retook her seat. I tried to ignore her as I lifted Ms Velma's sweater to find her big DDDs already bare, and her nips rapidly hardening. I immediately started to knead them, latching on aggressively to the taut buds atop her tits. Ms Stevens cleared her throat, then said, "It's just that Jane isn't pulling her weight and it's dragging down my team."
Ms Velma moaned as I gave her breasts my full attention, and I stole a look at Ms Stevens, who appeared equal parts shocked, embarrassed, and turned on by the scene before her. My mission here accomplished, I reluctantly let go of her very large and soft tits and walked to the door. I noted she was resuming her discussion as she pulled down her sweater, every bit in character like nothing had just happened.
Having finished the opening phase of today's game with some luscious breast play, I headed back to my office to finalize my plans.
The list of participants consisted of the following women:
Ms Maddox, Ms Velma, Ms Cartwright, Mandy Thomas (who I called Ms Mandy after another crazy introduction), and Ms Jenkins.
I checked the schedules for the various women, and it didn't take me long to decide that Ms Jenkins, our on-site nurse, would be my first of the day. She was on site once or twice a week, and our paths had not crossed since my first day at the firm. On that occasion she'd coaxed a sizable sperm sample from me, later telling Ms Olson that she was disappointed she hadn't been able to 'collect' that ejaculation with her mouth. In my mind I relived the exam from that day and soon enough found myself hard and ready to go. It only seemed fair to deliver what was likely to be my biggest load of the day to the nurse who had waited so patiently to receive it. Arriving at her office, I found her in discussion with another woman I recognized, but one who was not on today's, er, agenda. Ms Jenkins was seated behind her desk, and from the few seconds of conversation I gathered they were consulting on something. However, upon seeing me enter the room, the other woman excused herself, "Angela, if it's okay with you, I'll come back a little later to finish this."
Ms Jenkins nodded, "Certainly Sarah, my calendar's up to date." And with that Ms Reese (Angela) stood and left the office without so much as a glance in my direction. Ms Jenkins locked her desktop and picked up an iPad. Suddenly struck by the idea of a CFNM fantasy, I removed all my clothes, placing them on the empty chair vacated by Ms Reese. I then lifted her blouse to play with her titties as I put her hand on my swiftly stiffening cock. Staying in character, she didn't look at me or say anything, but she did lick her hand to provide some lubrication as she started to stroke me. I was struck by another inspiration, and I pulled away from her briefly to rifle the drawers and find some lube. It didn't take me long to find what I was looking for, and then I took her other hand from the iPad and squeezed some lube on her fingers. I placed her fingers up against my ass, and without acknowledging me, she continued to look past me as she slowly worked a finger into me and started to massage my prostate. I figured if I was going to give her a load, I ought to do my best to make it worth her while.
Though I was enjoying having my hands full of her breasts as she stroked me, that wasn't what I was after. Taking a fist full of hair at the back of her head, I guided her mouth to me. She still didn't say anything, but she did start to lick and suck me. After a few minutes I let go of her hair and again filled both hands with her breasts, squeezing her nipples as I did. She was breathing more heavily around my cock, and her fingers were working their magic on my prostate. It was the beginning of the day, and I didn't see any reason to keep the lady waiting. Through moans and groans, I let her know I was getting close, and then at exactly the right time she powerfully stroked my frenulum with her tongue, and I exploded in her mouth with my hands still groping her tits. It was a very strong orgasm and it continued for a good amount of time. Satisfied I had delivered on that debt, I let the nurse slowly nurse my softening cock until I was sure she had swallowed everything I could offer.
Breathing heavily, I eventually pulled out of her mouth and moved away from her penetrating fingers. Redressing, I left her sitting with her breasts still bare, one hand sloppy with lube, and a belly full of my come. It was a good start to the day. She was smiling as I walked out.
Back in the office, there were some things that needed attention. A couple of services contracts, an email or two from the boss ladies, and a quick shower to reset my playing field for the next appointment of the day. At that moment Ms Velma was prominent in my mind, and it didn't take long to realize I really wanted to make good use of her huge titties before lunch. I waited a little more than an hour before making my way to the IT offices.
Ms Velma was in her office, sitting on her couch moving through something on her iPad at ridiculous speed. I went over to her, lay down and put my head on her lap before lifting her sweater and commencing to feast on her titties. Squeezing, kneading, tweaking, sucking and licking, it was a boob lovers paradise, and her sweater puppies were quite off the chart. After some time, she sat the device down and leaned back into the couch. At this point you could assume she was staying in character and just relaxing for a bit, except for the nearly continuous sighs and moans my efforts were eliciting. A glance at the clock told me I'd been mauling her tits for over fifteen minutes. I unbuckled my trousers, withdrew my hard dick, and she started to stroke me as soon as I placed her hand on it.
I let her continue until her strokes became more insistent, then I at last disengaged from her breasts and stood. Bending her over the end of the couch, I tossed her skirt up onto her back and guided myself into her thoroughly wet snatch. She groaned as I bottomed out, then I took her big titties in both hands, took firm grip of her nipples, and began to pound her into tomorrow. I've mentioned Ms Velma is a thicc lady, and I knew the fucking I was delivering wasn't bothering her in the least. Quite to the contrary, as my efforts were rewarded with all manner of grunts and groans which were quite out of character for today. Not that I minded.
A few minutes later she made a squeak, slapped the arm of the couch, gripped it firmly, and started to twitch. My work accomplished, I joined her straightaway, pumping her full with my second delivery of the day. Once finished, I remained inside her for a couple minutes, enjoying the feel of her for a bit longer. But at last I had to go, and I nonchalantly redressed, noting she was still bent over the couch as I left her office.
After a quick shower I pondered lunch and my next, ah, delivery.
I emailed Ms Mandy and asked her about her lunch plans. To her credit, she didn't ask me why. She replied quickly that she would be in the second floor break room having some leftovers around 1100. That gave me about an hour to freshen up, hydrate, and relive the first time I got to enjoy Ms Mandy. It was a couple of weeks ago when Ms Olson told me I would getting a special visit. What that meant was the dynamic duo of Mandy and Candy. Both unicorns: single, bisexual women who happened to also be quite attractive. I'll tell the story another time, but what's important to know is the memory of those two that afternoon, and Mandy's snapping pussy, had me on my way to hard even after two great climaxes.
Shortly after 1100 I sauntered into the break room on the second floor to find, unsurprisingly, both Mandy and Candy. But to my surprise, Ms Candy was now sporting black slacks, which she hadn't been earlier. She was also wearing black lipstick and chewing what appeared to be half a pack of bubbleyum. As I entered neither woman looked at me, though Ms Candy was smiling and licking her lips.
I turned and locked the door.
Ms Candy said, "Why'd you lock the door?"
Ms Mandy shrugged and took another bite of her lunch, which smelled great. "I thought we might want to have a private discussion."
Candy nodded and smiled. "I was going to get lunch in the cafe later. What did you want to talk about?"
Mandy shrugged, "I'm sure we'll think of something."
During this brief exchange, I had lifted Mandy to her feet, removed her skirt (no panties), and took off my slacks as well. I left Mandy standing and moved to Candy. She needed no guidance to take my nearly stiff cock in her mouth. Like many women in the firm, she was a practiced and enthusiastic fellatrix. I reached over and pinched Mandy's nipples. She said, "Were you thinking of a protein drink?"
Candy pulled off me momentarily to reply, "I was kind of hoping for that, but sometimes you can't get what you want."
Mandy bent and took another bite as I twisted a nipple. She inhaled sharply, then let it out slowly. "Too true. I brought this but I'm still hoping for a nice warm sausage."
Now that I was hard, I turned Mandy's chair around and sat in it, then pulled her down on my cock. She was now facing Candy and mounting me astride. I now turned my efforts to snacking on her nipples. Mandy had smallish breasts, but the most important thing to me was partner responsiveness. Her nips were like tiny pink eraser tips, and they were connected directly to the orgasm center of her brain.
Candy asked, "Care to share if you do?"
As I licked and tugged Mandy's nipples with my teeth and tongue, and she clamped down hard on my dick. When she wanted to, she had the tightest pussy ever.
I began slowly bouncing Mandy on my cock as I continued my attention to her nips. Candy cleared her throat, "You know I can tell when you're doing Kegels, right?"
Pinching one nipple and sucking and nibbling the other, Mandy forgot about her lunch. She moaned rather obviously, and said, "Never a, ungh, bad time for exercise. Mmm."
Having already climaxed twice, I was feeling somewhat in control, though it wasn't easy with Mandy unpredictably squeezing my cock with an insane rippling sensation. Sometimes on the way up, sometimes on the way down. But through it all I kept firm control of her nipples. I could not see Candy, but the smacking of the gum stopped and I heard her chair back up. "Well, seeing as you locked the door to do your, um, exercises over lunch, you make me want to help."
I looked up to see Candy lean down and take Mandy's face in her hands and land a solid lip lock on her. The two of them moaned and Candy slid a hand down Mandy's belly and right to her clit. The combined effect was to push Mandy right over the edge. And then it happened a second and third time. At the end of this the constant vigorous Kegel massage of my dick had me right on the edge. I lifted Mandy clear of my cock, and as it slapped against my belly I guided Candy right to it. No sooner was I in her mouth than I erupted. Maybe it was the whole scene, but I felt like I came a bucket.
When Candy finished sucking me dry, she immediately kissed Mandy, "Always great to meet for lunch," she said.
Guiding Mandy to her still unsteady feet, I started to redress. "What do you know," she began,"we both got what we were looking for."
I unlocked the door and started to exit. Another woman, Jenny Soo, was there. I pulled the door shut behind me. "They'll need a minute." Her gaze shifted from me, to the door, and back to me. She nodded then turned away.
I stopped in the cafe on the way back to my office, aware that I no doubt smelled of sex but with too much of an appetite to really care. I got a sandwich from the grab 'n go and returned to my office. I was surprised to find Ms Olson sitting on my couch. I noted she, at least, had not changed attire.
She gave me her trademark cat got the canary grin, and said, "My sources tell me you are having quite the day. What's your view?"
I sat down, took out two bottles of water and started to unwrap my lunch. I returned her look with my best version of it. "I have to say, the whole scenario is a hell of a turn on."
She smirked, "You have what, two to go?" She looked at her watch, "And more than four hours to do it."
I swallowed a big bite, "Two, yes, if no one changes their mind."
An eyebrow rose, she said, "I see my sources are somewhat lacking, Mr Jeffries." She leaned forward, her blouse falling away to give another awesome view. "Care to let me know?"
"I met Ms Mandy and Ms Candy for lunch. Well, in their words, Mandy had a warm sausage and Candy had to, ah, settle, for a protein shake."
"The minx," she said, still smiling as she stood. "Enjoy the rest of the day."
As the door closed behind her I said to myself, "Not possible not to."
The sandwich, which would have certainly been average on any other day, was awesome after the exertions of the morning. I again showered, dressed, and took a nap with my alarm set for 1400. Ms Cartwright had a workout in her future.
Shortly after 1400 I walked into her office, where she appeared to have just started a meeting with another woman. I went over, took her hand and guided her to her feet.
"Jenny, where are you going?" The woman asked.
"Uh, urgent restroom break. We can reschedule," Ms Cartwright replied as we walked out of her office.
Oh, I may have neglected to tell you about the new trigraph I found on her badge this morning. All by itself were the three letters "SOB." I was sure I'd never seen it before, and a quick check on the intranet site confirmed that. This new one, which stood for "Sex Object," had been added only yesterday. Now, you may be thinking "Sex Object" was what's been happening all day to that point, but not quite.
I walked her to my office, whereupon she stayed right where I left her. After closing the door, I slowly removed her clothes and hung them in my closet. I left my shirt on, but removed my slacks and shoes. I laid a towel on my couch and led her to her knees in front of that spot. I sat down in front of her and guided her mouth to my only half stiff cock. I put her hands behind her back and fondled her breasts as she started to suck me. While she typically wanted me to fuck her face, I figured the SOB wouldn't mind doing something she typically didn't opt for.
As she worked me with her tongue, I sat back and checked email. Yes, I do believe this is the best way to perform that task. She was active, bobbing her head, licking the length of my shaft, flicking her tongue against my frenulum, and doing a good number of other things I couldn't quite pin down.
I let her continue until I felt I could actually come, then I stood and led her over to sit on the couch. I put her butt right on the edge, then lifted her legs to put her knees by her sides. Putting her elbows inside her knees to hold her legs back, she surprised me by almost putting her feet behind her head. Then I took her hands and had her hold her labia spread wide. If you search for 'Viennese oyster' you should get a decent visual.
While I had planned to just dive in, after all I was interested in enjoying her enjoying herself as well, presented as such with a nice wet pussy, I plunged my cock into her instead. Up until now she'd been staring straight ahead, no acknowledgement of what we were doing. But as I slammed into her, her eyes rolled and she let out a low moan. I fucked her hard, for about three or four minutes, until I felt I was close. Time for some oyster.
I pulled out and immediately dropped to my knees and pushed my face against her as hard as I could so I could get my tongue as deep as possible. I added a couple of fingers, this position making her g-spot nicely accessible, and proceeded to give her a thorough tongue lashing. However, I paused regularly to keep her from coming. After several minutes I stopped, stood, and rearranged her so that she was in a kind of fetal position but with her arms wrapped around her legs. Her pussy and ass were again nicely accessible. Using a soft touch I had her close her eyes and I went to get something from my desk.
Rejoining her, I inserted the lube applicator into her ass without preamble. She groaned as I did. Dropping it on the floor I pushed my not quite fully had cock into her pussy and started to fuck her slowly and deeply. I figured this would get both of us close, but not to the finish. Soon enough, she was moaning with desire and frustration, and I was fully hard and starting to get close. A few more strokes and I hit that point where I knew I was going to come. At once I pulled out of her pussy and all but slammed into her ass. I came a couple of strokes later, grunting in satisfaction, and barking out "fuck!" as I pumped her full. Her own groan, and delightfully clenching asshole, signaled she was right there with me.
I waited until I was nearly soft before withdrawing and going into the washroom to clean up. When I came out and started to dress, she was still in position on the couch. I led her to her feet, had her open her eyes, which definitely said "Mmmm," and slapped her ass to move her toward the closet. She took her clothes and went into the washroom. I was at my desk when she came out a little while later, walked over to me, and planted a full open mouth kiss on me for what must have been a full minute. As she broke the kiss I reached down her blouse and pinched a nipple, for which I was rewarded with squeak. "Bad SOB," I said with a smile. She gave me an appraising look, then a long wink, and then she turned to go. I checked the time, 1430. Making it back to stature by 1600 for Ms Maddox was going to be a challenge, but then something occurred to me. Smiling to myself I knocked back a bottle of water and some pineapple juice, then took to the couch for a nap before my last call. Ms Cartwright might not be done for the day after all.
I awakened instantly to my alarm, a behavior deeply ingrained by a few years on board ship. Unless I was physically unable to do so, a loud noise, alarm or such would bring me fully alert in a moment. Really bad things like fires might be rare on subs, but shit can, and does, happen.
It was 1615 and Ms Maddox was on the menu as the last course of the day. I'd only been with her twice, the first being a romp in the gym when I didn't even know who she was. She was tall, athletic, toned, and could be a dynamo when she wanted to. I hadn't intended for her to be last, though to be fair someone had to be. Not having much of a plan, I tussled my hair, straightened my clothes and left my office. First stop was Ms Cartwright's office, just in case a fluffer proved necessary. SOB collected, we walked to Ms Maddox's office. I had my potential sex aid stand beside the office door, and the nearby executive assistant looked up at her, and said, "Do you need to see the boss, Jenny?"
She shook her head, then said, "Nope, I'm just going to hang out here in case I'm needed."
"Needed for what, exactly?"
Jenny, Ms Cartwright, just shrugged and stayed in place. I went into the office. Inside I found Ms Maddox pacing her carpet angrily. Her fists were clenched, and upon hearing the door click she spun, no doubt to demand the exit of the intruder. However, her gaze swept over me and her features instantly, and only momentarily, relaxed. After all, there really wasn't an intruder.
She turned her head and pushed her hair back, showing me a Bluetooth earpiece, which currently displayed a blue light. Her fists clenched again and she tapped the device and the light went dark. "I don't care how badly your company wants to prime the Escher opportunity, Carol, don't go up against us on this one. You'll lose." Well, the boss lady was keyed up. Time to get to work.
She was wearing a black skirt, which I removed as she continued to have her high tense discussion with the other party. Hanging it in the closet, I looked around her office until I found her workout gear and then a small towel. I placed this on her desk in front of her chair, then cleared a few things from the opposite side. As I guided her to the desk and sat her on the towel, I recall her ending the phone call with, "If that's your final decision Carol, remember, there's no I in team, but there is a 'u' in fuck." She actually said this last bit quite calmly, which was probably disorienting on the other end.
I sat in the chair in front of her and put her feet up on the arms. "Damn it," she spat. "Jackie," she yelled, "get Carlton on the line."
I hadn't had the chance to go down on Ms Maddox the last time we'd been together, so I stroked the inside of her thighs as I examined her pussy. She was an outie, with, in my experience, longer than average labia and a prominent, though perhaps not exactly large, clit. As I took her lips between my fingers and started to move them back and forth to stroke her clit, she moaned heavily and rested back on her elbows. This had the added effect of giving me even better access.
Boss lady was always in control, but when I licked her clit she suddenly reacted out of character, "Shit!" she yelped. Then she said, "Oh, sorry Bill. I managed to stub my toe right as we were connected."
After a couple of minutes her clit was a solid nub, maybe half an inch long, and it was too good a target to pass up. Pulling her labia wide to pull on it, I put my lips around her clit and slid them down, slowly moving my tongue against her. Somehow she didn't make a noise, but her right hand beat against her desk. I was stroking her entrapped clit with my tongue as her conversation continued. Then she gave me a slight tap on the head and I looked up. She gave me a 'pause gesture', and I let go of her bits. She smiled, and was nodding as she tapped her earpiece again. "Thanks for that Bill," she said, "We're ready to discuss being exclusive on Escher." She laughed, "Of course I was just on the phone with her, weren't you?"
Seeing that I had a moment or two, I noticed I wasn't close to hard enough to service her. Time for SOB round two for backup. I lifted Ms Maddox's legs from the chair, stood up and put her legs back down. I went to the door, standing to the side so no one saw me, and reached for Ms Cartwright. I took hold of her arm and pulled her into the room, closing the door behind her.
As I led her to and then under the desk, she didn't react and remained a good SOB. I sat back down in the chair, had Ms Cartwright take me in her mouth to start her fluffer action, and positioned Ms Maddox for her finale.
I was stroking her inner thighs, quite high up, still careful to stay away from her actual bits. I felt myself responding nicely to the blowjob I was getting, and smiled to myself at the number of threesomes I had suddenly been part of. "Bill," the boss lady said, "that's great. Let's go win this thing." Then she tapped me on the head again, and this time I nodded. Again I sucked her clit into my mouth, trapping it firmly between my lips and teeth. Putting my hands on her hips, I decided to continue, focused exclusively on her clit. Moving my tongue on her over and over, and stroking her bud with my lips, I could tell by her tensing and fidgeting that she was getting close. That was good, because I was now fully hard, and my fellatrix was going for the prize I intended to give Ms Maddox.
A few more strokes and Ms Maddox went rigid for a good ten seconds before her clit started to throb and then she let out a powerful grunt as she came. I continued my effort until those throbs became less powerful, then shifted to slightly stroking her. When at last I felt her breathing was near normal again, I went back to aggressively pleasuring her clit. Her breathing accelerated at once and I knew she was close.
Pulling out of Ms Cartwright's mouth, I pushed back the chair, stood up and thrust myself fully into Ms Maddox. She grunted as I bottomed out, and her breathing picked right back up as I fucked her fast and furious. I hoped she was close, because I didn't think I had many minutes of hardon left for the afternoon. Knowing -I- was close, I reached between us and tugged on her clit. She came a moment later, her clit pulsing between my fingers and her pussy clenching at my cock. I groaned and started to shoot my fifth load of the day into her.
I fucked her through our mutual orgasms, then slowed and finally stopped, still enjoying being inside her. At last she gave me a signal to withdraw, and I helped her to her feet and she went to her washroom. I reached under the table, pulled Ms Cartwright out and to her feet to find her quite flushed. I guided her to the door and ushered her out with a squeeze of her butt.
I redressed and left the office before Ms Maddox re-emerged. Returning to my office, I sank down in the chair and took a long drink of water. I realized the whole weekend might be needed to process the events of the day.
It was just before 1700 when the four ladies came for their bras. One by one they came in, held out a hand for said garment, and left with it. Next to last was Ms Maddox, who gave me a kiss as well. "What a fabulous way to start off the weekend," she said.
Last was my SOB, Ms Cartwright. But she didn't follow the others. She came in, locked the door, and sat down. "Now that it's after hours, I'd like to talk."
I wasn't sure where this was going, but I had a suspicion. Though I couldn't tell you why. "About?" I asked.
"You, today, all of that." she said with a leer.
"Something wrong?" I asked.
She smiled, "Quite the opposite. I thought you played today perfectly, even if the last part left me high and, eh, wet."
"Thanks, I--"
"You always play -me- perfectly," she interrupted. "And that's what I want to talk about."
"Jenny, trust me, I had no idea what I was doing, I just went along with every part."
"And still it was awesome!"
I just nodded, still not sure where she was going with this.
"I have a proposition for you," she said with a grin.
When I didn't respond she said, "Join me for a full weekend?"
I thought about it for a moment and decided that might not be a good idea, "You know I think you're awesome, but that's here at Foxx Inc. Outside would be different, and might make things weird at work."
She looked disappointed, but not upset. "So that's it then?"
"Not 'it', and not forever. But certainly for today, for now," I said.
And then, to my great relief, she smiled, squared her shoulders and stood up. "Ok Tom, challenge accepted for the next time."
"Challenge?" I asked.
She winked, "I'll get you to spend a weekend with me sometime, mister." Then she left.
I sat in my chair, wondering what the next, right move was with her, when a couple of minutes later, the door clicked and in walked Ms Olson. This time, like many others, just a step short of a walking dream. "Tom, how are you?" Before I could reply she added, "What did Jenny want to talk about in private?"
I wasn't sure how she knew the door had been locked, but I didn't bother to dishevel. "She wanted to continue the fun over the weekend."
She crossed her legs, holding her top knee in her hands, "Really? Well, color me surprised." She paused, watching me like an antelope at the watering hole. "And why did you say no?"
Rather than acknowledge her seeming ability to read my mind at times, I shrugged and said, "It would be fun, but it sounded too, well, off the books."
"So you thought about agreeing for some time?"
"For a time, I was tempted by her offer," I said, wondering if Ashley would get the reference.
"How much time?" she replied, quite to my surprise.
"Actually, zero point six eight seconds."
Ashley guffawed, then snorted, then waved a hand wildly at me for a few seconds before she collected herself enough to say and laugh at the same time, "You're no Data!"
I laughed with her for a good minute, and then as we calmed down, she gave me a hug and kiss. "Tom, would you like to spend the weekend with someone?"
My expression must have given me away, and she smiled quickly and touched my arm, "No Tom, I don't mean me, though I find it quite flattering that you would think so. Go home, and when there is a knock at your door, make up your own mind."
I returned her hug, "Thanks Ashley."
"You bet. And no obligations. Two consenting adults and all that," she said. Then she broke the embrace and departed.
I arrived home about thirty minutes later, finished off the one beer I typically let myself have, and about an hour after that was just starting to think about dinner when there was a knock at my door. I opened it to find a brown haired woman of my height on the doorstep with a bag in her hand. She looked familiar, and after a moment I recognized her, though I did not know her name. She'd never been in the rotation. I backed away and held the door wide, "Would you like to come in?"
She regarded me with kind eyes, nodded, and entered, dropping her bag near the door, which I shut behind her. She turned and looked at me, "You don't know my name, do you?"
"No, but to be fair I work with a lot of people."
"You've been there long enough to know everyone."
"That's true, I admit. In my defense, you've never been on the, uh, schedule, and we've never talked." Suddenly, two pieces of data about her clicked. "You're Melissa Johnston."
"Mel, Johnson," she corrected. Then looked quizzically at me, "how did you--"
"There are only a few women at the firm not in the, ah, rotation," I started. "Though no one ever talks about the reasons."
She was still looking at me, her eyes unchanged, "But do you know my reason?"
"You're engaged," I said.
"I'm certain relationship status doesn't affect your job, does it Tom?" she asked coolly.
"I can only assume the engagement is the reason you aren't in the rotation, I'll never ask. Everyone who decides to, ah, play, does so of their own volition. You yourself are a good example. No one ever should ask why others choose to play or not."
"You don't think they talk about it?" she asked with a sharp note in her voice.
I shook my head, "I've never heard one person question why another did or did not join in. And everyone discusses the PBS arrangement pretty freely. Seems to me it is very much up to the individual."
She gave me a small smile, "Okay Tom, then here it is." She turned from me, walked a bit, then turned back, "I was engaged, for several months. I thought we were exclusive until my fiance proved me wrong. Now, instead of having someone to come home to every day, I've been sick and lonely for a month. A month! And it sucks!" I said nothing and let her continue, and after a few moments she did, "I'm not looking for a fucking replacement, but it would be nice to enjoy a weekend with someone and not feel like I was going to get screwed over for doing so!"
And then she started to sob, and I wondered what the fuck Ashley had been thinking. And then I realized Ashely knew exactly what the hell she'd been up to. I took Mel in my arms and gave her a hug. "I would really like someone too," I said and we both giggled. "While screwing your coworkers is a lot of fun, it makes for lonely weekends."
She sniffled, wiped her nose on her sleeve and looked up at me, "Lonely? Really?"
I shrugged, "Well, maybe more restful and lonely than just lonely."
She laughed, nodded, then gave me a brief kiss on the cheek. "I didn't come here looking for sex."
"And I don't expect it. So what do you say to ordering some food, watching a movie or two, and going to bed with a comfortable presence that doesn't have expectations?"
"Thai?"
"Lebanese?"
"Korean?"
"Pizza?" and with that I called my favorite joint.
We watched two movies, and snuggled up in bed without a hint of sex and got a great night's sleep. Which is not to say the rest of the weekend stayed completely platonic.