Author's Note: This is a continuation of a very popular series called The Reluctant Exhibitionist about Wendy Wilson, a young college co-ed who is blackmailed into participating in naked-on-demand public exhibitionism. The original series was first posted on the ASN Stripping Forum by an author named Falcon and after he abandoned the story he gave me permission to continue it and I've written three chapters so far. I hadn't been sure where to go next with the story until several weeks ago when I got an e-mail from Falcon. He offered to send me some fragments of a chapter he'd started writing but had never completed and I happily accepted. What he sent was great, as usual, and it provided me with the setup for the next chapter in the series. He gave me the freedom to continue on and write it as I saw fit and I incorporated his writing into mine as seamlessly as I could. So this is a collaboration between the two of us.
For those interested in reading Falcon's original series, send me a feedback with your e-mail address and I'll send it to you. Although this story makes references to events in previous chapters I believe it works well enough as a standalone story to be enjoyable to those unfamiliar with the rest of the story.]
THE RELUCTANT EXHIBITIONIST -- BACK TO SCHOOL
By Seahawk76 and Falcon
It's Saturday morning again which means that all-too-familiar brew of dread, excitement, fear, anticipation, and arousal is beginning to course through my body. Just another Saturday in the crazy life of Wendy Wilson, which means another afternoon meeting with Nancy Johnson and whatever humiliations she had in store for her naked little puppet today. In many ways this would be no different than the past twelve Saturdays, with one big difference: summer is over and Nancy's "summer job" jar is empty. Believe me, I have no illusions about what that means.
I made myself a cup of tea and walked out onto the balcony of my third floor apartment and sat cross-legged in the armless chair I'd placed there. In the distance, beyond the trees, I could see edge of my college campus and I knew it would be buzzing with activity today. You see, the fall semester was about to begin which meant the relative summer calm on campus was over. I thought back again, for the umpteenth time, on the deal I'd made with Nancy to keep from being expelled after turning in a plagiarized term paper, and I shuddered to think what kind of plans she might have for me in the coming school year. As humiliating as things had been up until now, I knew they could get much worse. In fact, Nancy kept telling me that they would.
Nancy had started me off slowly with naked car rides and "t-shirt training" where I'd be exposed to crowds wearing nothing but a thin, body hugging t-shirt. The whole idea was to push me slowly but firmly toward her goal of living vicariously through a reluctant young co-ed who'd be forced to live out her exhibitionist fantasies for her. Nancy's plan had worked all too well and "Phase 1" of my training eventually culminated with nude walks through a supermarket and a home improvement store, which I couldn't have imagined doing in my wildest dreams just a few months earlier.
And after that day of naked store walks and the introduction into "Phase 2" of my training, it was full speed ahead with the program. Each Saturday afternoon I would show up at Nancy's house and draw one of a dozen envelopes out of a jar containing nude-in-public scenarios that Nancy had dreamed up for me. Even though there was some randomness to the process, they were all designed to get me used to exposing myself to strangers for brief periods in a variety of situations. There were more nude store walks, walks through sections of parks, walks down a few blocks of residential streets, walks through tourist areas and so on. Later I came to realize that these were all pretty much the classic scenes that real exhibitionists indulge in, but it was all so new and outrageous and unimaginable to think that I was doing these things myself.
And as the summer wore on, at times the bizarreness of my predicament would just overwhelm me. Having to do this was just so unexpected, something that no girl ever worries about happening to her. I mean, it's different that way from a girl's fear of being raped. Every girl knows, at least in the back of her mind, that being raped is a real possibility. Not that you dwell on it or live in constant fear of it, but you know it can happen, even though nobody thinks it will happen to them. At least its something you've contemplated and dealt with and filed away in your mind someplace.
This was so different. I mean, in my wildest imaginings, it had never, ever occurred to me that the possibility existed that someday someone would force me to go out in public totally naked. Or that they would make me do it over and over again. Oh sure, I had the naked-in-public dream on occasion, just like everybody else does, but when you wake up from that you know its just a silly nightmare, and that its not something that really happens to anybody. But it really was happening to me, and I knew it was going to keep happening. And the knowledge that another woman was choosing this for me, and was forcing me to do these things with no choice whatsoever on my part, was always part of my consciousness. It became a source of humiliation separate and distinct from the humiliation which came from actually being out in public naked. That humiliation would end -- temporarily - once the particular scene was over, although of course the memory stayed forever. But the humiliation of being her helpless toy was always with me.
And she loved to tease me about my predicament, which of course made things ten times worse. I could always sense her smug amusement and satisfaction as she forced me through scene after scene of public nudity, and she in turn seemed to know exactly how it was for me to have to do it. I guess that shouldn't be too surprising, since after all these were her own fantasies I was acting out. The fact that she herself was so consumed by the nude-in-public fantasy, and had actually attempted to act it out herself, only to back down when she realized the true awfulness of the reality, I think gave her a full awareness of just how awful it was for me. But instead of engendering sympathy from her, the vicarious thrill and excitement she got from forcing me to do it just made her want to make it even worse by taunting me.
But I've got to admit that, as bizarre as it was, I still reached a level of acceptance as my training progressed that summer. I really didn't have a choice. After I decided once and for all to go along with her, and after I realized she wasn't going to relent in any way, I more or less resolved to just accept my assignments without protest. Now, don't get me wrong, I never, ever, became a willing participant in any of it. But it was just that I knew that if I agonized over the decision each and every time, it would eventually drive me insane. Not that I was at all assured of keeping my sanity as it was. But I was somehow able to put aside my rage at the big picture of what was being done to me, and instead just focused on getting through the scenes, one by one, as they were thrust upon me.
And in a sense, Nancy actually kept it fairly manageable for the first part of the summer. For awhile she didn't make me go beyond the pattern of fairly quick excursions in front of unknown strangers; people I'd hopefully never see again. She always took me pretty far from campus, a lot of times even out of town. She was always careful to not put me in a situation where I might get hurt or where I might get caught and get arrested for indecency or something. And I was always amazed how, just like that day in the grocery store, people just tend to let a naked girl do her thing. And although I never got over the anxiety or stomach butterflies or dread of what I was having to do, after she had made me do it enough times I really did get to a point where I could more or less just obey my orders automatically. Once again, she had successfully conditioned me to accept a new level of humiliation. It was around this time that I really started to understand what she meant by all her talk about training and step-by-step progress in pursuit of turning me into a real exhibitionist. I could look back now with amazement on the few months she had been blackmailing me, amazement at how she had been able to get me to do the things I was doing. And with what I now know was incredible naiveté, I believed that watching me on these types of naked excursions would satisfy her perverse fantasies. Surely this was all she would want - I mean, I was doing exactly the things she herself had fantasized about - being naked in public settings. As the summer went on, and as I got ever more used to doing it, I let myself hope, and believe, that it wouldn't get any worse. Boy was I ever wrong.
Early in the summer Nancy had told me that she expected me to spend at least twenty minutes out naked in public on whatever scenario I drew out of the summer jobs jar; anything less than that and she'd add another excursion for me to do on our way home. After a few weeks I realized that no matter how long I thought I was out, the time always magically came in at just under twenty minutes. When I finally confronted her on this she ended the farce and told me that I was doing so well that there was no reason to limit my training to only the task I'd drawn out of the jar. After that she chose things for me to do that were often worse than whatever "job" I had drawn that week.
For instance, she'd deliberately choose a convenience store with a full parking lot, so she knew there would be lots of customers inside. Somehow she would always pick one with only one clerk working, so there would be a long line at the cash register. And of course, I'd have to buy something and therefore wait in the line. That could take ten or fifteen minutes, which may not sound like much, but when you're the only one naked, and everyone is just staring at you, believe me, it seems like forever. I was usually instructed to use the "lost bet" explanation in those days, if an explanation was needed. And once people heard that, it seemed like it made them feel free to make the most of my situation. Silly girl got herself into this, we might as well fully enjoy her mistake. There would always be some moron who would try to strike up a conversation with me, all the while letting his eyes rove unrestricted up and down my body. And while I had to deal with him, all the other bystanders would feel free to partake fully in the visual feast too. Under orders from Nancy, I was never allowed to cover up at all, so I always just had to stand there naked while they all watched me trying to act like everything was normal.
But my exhibitionist assignments weren't the only requirements Nancy had placed on me this summer. She had registered me for summer school to keep me around for more "training," and had also enrolled me in an acting class ("it will help you handle your public performances, and with some of the role-playing you'll be doing later"), and in an aerobics class ("we have to keep that fabulous body of yours in top shape, dear"). Even though controlling my life in this way paled in comparison to my forced public nudity, it added tremendously to my feelings that I was becoming a complete slave to her fantasies. For her part, however, she acted more like a doting, obsessed stage mother rather than a perverted dominant mistress or whatever you'd call it. She would fuss over my hair and makeup before each assignment, and praise me over and over for my beauty and courage afterwards. An obsessed stage mother all right, but one who forced me into performance after performance that no mother would ever dream of for a daughter.
I took another sip of tea and thought about that paper I used have to write back in grade school at the beginning of fall classes: "What I Did On My Summer Vacation." God, what a potboiler that would be now! My final summer assignment last Saturday had been a nude car wash at one of those self-service car washes. After I finished washing Nancy's car in front of a crowd, she had me wash the guy's car in the next bay over, using my breasts as sponges. The girl who was able to do something like that was so far removed from the rather naïve girl who started school here just one year ago that she may as well have been a different person. In many ways she was.
After we got back to Nancy's place that day she poured me a glass of wine and toasted the end of Phase 2. "What comes next?" I'd asked nervously, not really sure I wanted to hear the answer. "The next part," she answered coyly.
The next part. Whatever that means it starts today and I have a sick feeling that someday I'll look back on this past summer as relatively tame by comparison.
II
Nancy gave me her usual cheerful greeting as she let me in. She led me into her living room where to my surprise, and immediate unease, two other women were already seated on the couch. I recognized them at once -- both were students on campus. But unfortunately my familiarity went well beyond that. Nancy handled the introductions.
"I understand you girls all know each other. Wendy, Taylor and Cindy stopped by for a little visit, and it's just so fortuitous you were planning to come by, too. We've all got a few things we need to discuss." I wondered momentarily what she might be talking about, but I didn't think about it for long. Instead I was remembering, without any fondness at all, my past acquaintance with Taylor. She was from my hometown, and we had never gotten along too well growing up and in high school. Her dad was in a business competing with my dad, and there had always been sort of a rivalry between our families. Nothing too hostile, just one of those silly country club socialite clique things. It had carried over to the kids, so Taylor had been in rival social circles all through high school. She was always jealous of my better looks and figure, but I just generally had tried to not let those things bother me.
The other girl also brought an unpleasant memory. Cindy was the one who showed me the website where I got the term paper last spring. I hadn't seen her since. As I recalled, she was a couple of years older than me, which meant she was about to start her senior year. As I sat down, I remember thinking, girl, if you only knew what your "advice" had led to. I wondered what connection she had with Nancy, but then I remembered we had all been at some of the same parties my freshman year.
As usual, Nancy had a bottle of wine open. The others already had glasses, and Nancy poured one for me. They engaged in idle chit-chat for awhile, but I didn't really have much opportunity to join in. I was finding it hard to focus, given my usual concern over what Nancy may have cooked up in the way of a new adventure, so I hardly even followed the thread of the conservation. It was something about the excitement of getting back to school, but somehow I couldn't really empathize.
But at length the conversation died down, and Nancy took the opportunity to bring me back in. "Well, now's as good a time to broach the subject as ever. Wendy, Cindy and Taylor have something they'd like to discuss with you," she said. For a moment it was quiet, as the two girls seemed uncertain how to begin, but then Cindy leaned forward and began to speak.
"Well, Wendy, Taylor and I are both members of the Sigma Pi sorority. Taylor's a new pledge. Every fall, when all the students get back into town, we host a back-to-school bash at our house. It's probably not the biggest party on campus, be we always try to make it one of the best. We usually invite a couple of the fraternities over and basically just make it an all-day bash with food, a few kegs, games, and so on..."
She went on to earnestly and enthusiastically describe the event in more detail, as if I cared the tiniest bit about it, which I didn't. She finally concluded, "Anyway, the party's next Saturday, and we were wondering if you ..." Then she trailed off, as if she were uncertain what to say next.
"Well, what?" I asked, not knowing where this was going. The two girls looked at each other, and exchanged giggles.
"Maybe you better explain to her," Cindy finally said, looking to Nancy.
"I suppose so," Nancy said. She turned and just looked at me for several moments. Then she spoke, "Wendy, Cindy and I go back quite a ways. She's done some enormous favors for me in the past, including one involving you. You see, it was no accident Cindy showed you that website last spring. She did it on my instructions. It was kind of a team effort which brought you and I together, you might say." She paused to allow me time to fully appreciate the import of her words.
With growing shock at the revelation, I turned toward Cindy, fury in my eyes. "You! Why you little..." Lifting a hand, Cindy cut me off.
"Hey Wendy, nobody made you cheat on that paper," she said sharply. "That was your decision." She was right, of course. I could only stare are her, furious. Then I realized with sudden horror that Cindy, and probably Taylor too, and God knows who else, must know all about my new little "career" with Nancy. The one decent thing Nancy had done so far was to schedule most of my adventures far away from campus, so I could at least lead a somewhat normal life at school. The thought that some of my fellow students might know about it after all made me want to crawl away and hide. I flushed bright red and squirmed uncomfortably in my seat, breaking off my glare at Cindy to stare instead at the floor.
Then another horrible thought began to take form. What was this little meeting all about after all? What was this about their party - and me? I desperately stopped my mind from imagining any more, but I couldn't stop a sudden, icy chill from beginning to settle over me.
Nancy had started talking again. "Anyway, Wendy, when Cindy called to remind me of their big party, it occurred to me what a marvelous opportunity it would be for you and I to further your development. I've brought her and Taylor up to date on what you've been doing this summer, and I've taken the liberty of offering them your services for their party, if they felt they could use them. I must say," she went on, winking at the other two mischievously, "their response has been most enthusiastic."
Cindy picked up the cue. "All too happy to help you with your new career, Wendy. Taylor and I are in charge of arranging the entertainment for our party, and we think your 'talents' could be put to good use!"
All I could do was groan inwardly in agony. I had been through enough with Nancy by that point that I was beyond the outwardly obvious, outraged reaction to this kind of news. But inside, in my head and in my guts, it remained as bad as the first day, and I knew it always would. I looked from Nancy, to Cindy, to Taylor, hoping to see even a faint hint of sympathy from any of them, any sign this was just a cruel joke. But I saw only the three of them smiling broadly back at me. Then Nancy got up and poured me another glass of wine. Nobody spoke for a long time. I think I just sat for awhile with my face in my hands. But even now, the strength I had built up over the summer didn't leave me.
Finally I looked up and sighed. "Get on with it," I said, calmly. "What do I have to do?" Cindy spoke up earnestly, obviously relieved the awkward moment had passed, "Well, to tell you the truth, Wendy, we haven't actually finalized the details of your part yet. We just know we'd like to make use of some of the talents Nancy has been helping you develop. Some of the things she's told us about sound really exciting. We wanted to go ahead and let you know about it today, just to make sure your schedule's free, and to give you some time to think about it." Her tone was one of feigned friendliness, as if she were planning the party arrangements with an equal, like one of her sisters in the sorority.
Nancy cut in. "Yes, her schedule is free, and of course she'll be willing, if not overjoyed, to ensure the party's a smashing success." She turned to me, eyes twinkling. "Now Wendy, just to reassure you, I've outlined some ground rules, so you don't have to worry about being asked to do anything beyond our regular bounds. And I'm personally planning many of the details myself. But apart from that, I'm giving Taylor full authority over you for the day. I expect you to treat any instructions from her as if they came directly from me. Do you understand?" I felt as if I'd been kicked in the stomach, but I nodded slowly. "Very good. Of course, I'll be there to enjoy the show, but I plan to stay in the background for the most part. Taylor will be in charge of the moment-to-moment details."
Cindy and Taylor made their departure then, all smiles as they informed Wendy they would pick her up at her apartment on the day of the party. "See you on Saturday, Wendy ... all of you!" Taylor giggled as they went out the door.
Nancy and I sat in silence for awhile, until at length Nancy spoke. "There's a few things I'd like to talk over with you. I know this seems like an especially difficult assignment, and it will be. But it's an important step in your development, as I'll explain in a moment. But first, I want to give you a few more details about what you'll have to do. Those girls weren't being completely honest about how far the planning for the party has progressed."
"I'm not sure I want to hear any details right now," I said.
"Well, you probably won't like what I have to say," Nancy said, "but I think it's best if you have some idea what's going to happen. So here's the deal. This annual party of the Sigmas usually includes the traditional final initiation of the new members from the prior year. They usually have a drawing in which six girls are chosen at random out of the new group. Then those girls have to play a strip game in front of all the partygoers, guys and girls alike. I don't know exactly how the game is played -- I think they draw names from a hopper or something like that, but the details aren't important. Anyway, it's really pretty tame -- the game ends as soon as the first girl is topless, and then she and the others are allowed to get dressed, and it's on with the party. They don't really want to put their new members through too much humiliation, you know. Well, this year it seems Taylor just doesn't want to risk having to show her tits that way. I guess she has a fair amount of money, and she's gotten Cindy and the other seniors to agree to let her and the other new pledges off the hook in return for a sizable contribution to the sorority's treasury. But that left them with a problem. The strip game, needless to say, is a major part of the day's entertainment. They couldn't just cancel it without something to take its place. That's where you come in."
Nancy paused to sip her wine and I sat in sort of a state of morbid fascination. Part of me dreaded hearing any more, and hated affording Nancy the pleasure I know she derives from her matter-of-fact description of the details. Yet somehow not knowing the rest would be worse. "Well?" I said.
"It's a quite simple solution, really. They decided to not cancel the game at all. Instead, it will go off as planned, only with you presented as a new initiate who must compete. But I'm afraid the outcome will be rigged, dear girl, so that you will be the unfortunate loser."
I almost felt relieved. Compared to some of the other things Nancy had made me do, briefly baring my breasts in front of a few dozen people seemed almost innocuous. True, it would be in front of fellow students, as opposed to anonymous strangers, but it was no worse than what the typical sorority pledge had to expect anyway. For a moment I considered the sad irony of my situation: I'd always felt complete disdain for the girls who would submit to such rituals just to be part of the social elite, and here I was being ordered to suffer the humiliation in their place, without even the reward of membership at the end. Not that I wanted any part of such a group. I was also a little surprised by how calmly I accepted this news, and what it said about what I'd become in just a few short months of Nancy's training. "I guess it could be worse," I said, finally.
Nancy just looked at me for a few moments, as if debating inside whether to say anything further. I guess she decided she'd better tell me everything. "Well, actually, I'm afraid it is worse, dear. You see, Cindy and I agreed that since you aren't really going to be a member of the sorority when this is all over, there was no reason not to liven up the entertainment a little." Nancy paused and I could feel my heart pounding, waiting for the other shoe to drop. "Wendy, I want you to know that this was my idea. I want this for you because it's such a logical next step in your development, and I truly believe you're ready for this."
"Ready for what?"
"All right, if you insist on knowing the details. Wendy, they're going to continue the strip game until you're completely naked. And then they're going to keep you naked, at the party, for the rest of the day. I'm not sure exactly what they'll have you do once you're in your birthday suit -- those are the details they're still working out. But I think you can count on them to come up with various ways to keep you creatively displayed. Those girls can be quite devious when they want to, and I'm helping them with the planning on that part as well. Cindy will be pretty busy just running the whole show. That's why I've decided to give Taylor direct charge of your activities. So after the strip game is over, and you're naked, you will follow Taylor's instructions for the rest of the day." She smiled as she gazed into my eyes. My cheeks burned as I contemplated the prospect of the promised humiliation. Not just promised, but guaranteed.
"There's a little more I want you to know, Wendy. I'm quite aware of the past that you and Taylor share. I know what a little cunt she is. God knows, I've hated bitches like that my whole life. You can imagine how girls like her treated frumps like me back in the day. I know you must be absolutely mortified at the prospect of her, well . . . you know."
I just looked at her. What was I supposed to say? Of course Taylor even knowing about my predicament with Nancy was awful enough, but for Nancy to give her some say in the matter was too horrible to even think about. But as Nancy watched me rolling through the possibilities, the familiar smile spread across her face. "Wendy, letting her in on our secret, and giving her carte blanche authority over you for a day, was just too delicious an opportunity to pass up. You know me by now -- the more horrid the idea is on the one hand, the more delicious it is on the other. And you know that delicious always wins. Depending on how things go on Saturday, I can easily envision loaning you out to her on a regular basis."
I gasped when I heard this and started to respond before biting my tongue. Once upon a time I would have angrily lashed out at Nancy but I knew from experience that this was not only futile but counterproductive, and usually only made things worse for myself. I was her naked little puppet now and if she wanted to loan me out to Taylor there was very little I could do about it. Maddeningly, and without warning, my nipples hardened into little rocks. I let out a heavy sigh. "So I guess this is Phase 3 now?" I asked.
"No, dear, there is no Phase 3. Your training is over."
I'll admit that I was a little taken aback by this. I was expecting a new phase of training involving maybe longer and more involved scenarios, but not this. "I don't know, Nancy, I'm not sure I'm ready for some of the things you expect me to do, if half of what you've hinted at is true."
"Oh, I agree. I'm not saying that you won't continue to build on your experiences in order to gain strength for some things I have planned for you down the road. I guess in that sense your training will continue indefinitely."
"Then what are you saying?" I asked.
"What I'm saying is that you're not a novice anymore, Wendy. You've shown your naked body now to hundreds of people in a variety of situations and you've proven that you have the fortitude to keep doing it whenever and wherever I ask. I've thrown you into the deep end of the pool this summer and you've learned how to swim. No matter how much deeper the water gets I see no reason now why you can't stay afloat."
"But this time it'll be in front of people I know! Can't I work up to that more gradually?"
"Why? You were already seen by one of your professors and her son and his girlfriend at the lake and you survived that. Besides, I've told you all along that this day would come, and now it has. It's not that you can't do it, it's that you don't want to." Nancy had shifted now into that maddening supercilious tone of hers where she simply dictated what was what, and I could like it or lump it.
"Listen Wendy," she continued, "I know the experience of being naked in front of your friends and fellow students for the first time will be difficult for you but you've proven that you can handle it, and I expect you to. This will be your coming out party, so to speak, as an exhibitionist. This will also help lay the groundwork for some of the things I'll be asking you to do in the future on and around the campus. You're not the same scared little girl who broke down crying in my car during your first naked car ride. You're an exhibitionist now, Wendy, and this is going to be your life until you graduate."
I buried my head in my hands and Nancy remained silent for awhile to allow me to contemplate the unthinkable prospects of what lay ahead. When I finally looked up at her she broke into a broad smile and spoke again. "Well, now that we've got that out of the way let's not forget what you're here for this afternoon, dear," she said cheerfully. "Take off your clothes and let's go out and have some fun!"
III
The Saturday of the party came all too soon and I kept pacing nervously back and forth waiting for Taylor and Cindy to pick me up. The party didn't start until 1:00 pm but they were going to pick up me up at 10:00 am so I could help with the preparations, whatever that meant.
The past week had gone by in a blur. Classes wouldn't start until Monday but the previous week had been filled with registration and orientation meetings. As I saw some old friends and lots of new faces during the week I couldn't help but wonder how many of them would soon be seeing me naked and humiliated. Even if they weren't at the party I'm sure most of them would hear about it soon enough. As bad as things had been before at least when I was on campus and away from Nancy's control I could pretend that I was still the same old Wendy Wilson even though I knew that was a façade. After today that was all going to change. After today the real Wendy Wilson would be laid bare, both literally and figuratively. Whatever most people thought of me before, they were going to think something different come Monday morning when fall classes begin.
Unlike my summer classes, Nancy had let me choose my own schedule this time with two exceptions: the aerobics class and the acting class. I guess I really didn't mind taking either one, though. Call it vanity or narcissism or whatever, but I decided that if everyone was going to see me naked I wanted to look good, and the aerobics class had helped me avoid the notorious "Freshman 15" weight gain. And I'd really learned to like the acting class and my teacher said I was a natural. It even helped at times when I was in one of Nancy's nude-in-public scenarios to pretend I was playing a role in a movie or something. I was hoping that this would help me get through the party today because I don't think I've been this nervous since the early days of my naked car rides when this was all new and terrifying to me.
One of the things that really worried me was the idea that Taylor would be in control of me today. Not only did we have a somewhat contentious history together but I had no idea how she would react to having that kind of power over me. With Nancy, at least, I had some idea of the boundaries and what she expected of me. Taylor was a wild card, though, and it made me feel a little better knowing that Nancy would be there and had some hand in planning this, as strange as that sounds. Better the devil you know than the devil you don't, and all that.
The sound of the doorbell startled me out of my thoughts and my heart nearly jumped out of my chest. I took a deep breath to calm myself before opening the door.
"Hi Wendy!" Taylor and Cindy said in unison, broad smiles on their faces. "Are you ready to go?" Cindy added.
"I guess so," was all I could muster in response.
Taylor looked me over. "Is that what you're going to wear?" she asked. I was dressed casually in sneakers, blue jeans, and a dark t-shirt with the college logo on it. I nodded and half expected her to march me back inside to make me dress up in something slutty or revealing. Instead she just shrugged. "I guess it really doesn't matter does it?" she said with a smirk and Cindy let out a laugh.
I followed the girls out to the parking lot and was surprised to find them driving one of those big four-door extended cab pickup trucks complete with large off-road tires. Cindy crawled behind the driver's wheel while Taylor rode shotgun. I climbed into the backseat.
After we rolled out of the apartment parking lot Taylor turned to me and began talking. "I guess for starters we should tell you how the game is going to go today, Wendy. It's going to be a trivia contest. It'll be totally fair and aboveboard except for the fact that the other girls will know all the answers in advance while you're going to give the wrong answers." She pulled a folded sheet of paper out of her pocket and handed it to me. "Here are the questions you'll be asked and the answers you'll give."
I unfolded the sheet and read it, then shook my head. "Uh, uh. No fucking way!"
Taylor glared at me while Cindy glanced back in the rearview mirror. "Yes fucking way, Wendy," Taylor said sharply. "You're supposed to do as you're told today."
"Listen, I'm going to get naked and I know I don't have a choice in that. But you're not going to make me look like a dumb airhead while doing it. I'm smart and I'm good at trivia and I know the answers to all of these questions. In fact, these are the type of simple trivia questions that Howard Stern asks to some Playboy bimbo to show how stupid she is. There's no way in hell I'm going to pretend that I don't know who the Vice President is or what the capital of my own state is."
"You're going to do what we tell you to do, Wendy, or I'll get Nancy on the phone right now," Taylor snapped.
"You do that," I shot back. "And please ask her how it's going to look for me to be unable to answer even common knowledge trivia questions when she's been inflating my grades to make sure I'm an honor student."
Taylor and Cindy looked at each other when I said that and I knew immediately that this was something that Nancy hadn't told them. I really didn't care at the moment, though. It was going to be humiliating enough for me today without allowing them to make me look like some dumb bimbo. For some reason I knew this would be a bigger blow to my ego than being forced to strip and it was a line I wasn't going to cross.
Cindy finally spoke up. "Listen, Taylor, it really doesn't matter what the game is as long as Wendy gets naked, right? We'll think up another one."
"Fine," Taylor replied, but I could tell she was pissed. We drove the rest of the way to the sorority house in silence. The day wasn't off to a good start.
The Sigma Pi sorority house is a large immaculate brick building that's about as far from the Animal House image as you can get. When we walked into the front door it struck me that it didn't look at all like a place that was about to host a party. There were some girls preparing food in the kitchen but there didn't seem to be anything set up that would indicate a party was taking place here in a few hours.
"Um, when is this thing supposed to start again?" I asked.
"One o'clock," Cindy replied.
"Really?" I responded. "This place doesn't look ready at all for a party."
Taylor turned to me with a smirk on her face. "Oh, I'm sorry Wendy. Didn't we tell you that the party's been moved?"
"What? Where?"
"Since I donated quite a bit of money to the sorority so I wouldn't have to take part in the strip game they were able to afford to stage a much bigger party than we originally planned. We rented the big party tent at Woodland Park and merged a couple of other fraternity parties into this one."
I think the blood drained out of my face when I heard this which only spurred Taylor to continue tormenting me. "And since we don't have to worry about noise there we were also able to hire a band and will be able to party much later into the night. It's going to be a massive rave. Everyone will be there."
Taylor glared at me for a minute, enjoying my reaction, and I could tell she was still pissed off about the trivia contest. I finally collected myself and responded. "Fine. Whatever."
Cindy put her arm around my shoulder and steered me away from Taylor. "Wendy can help me load the truck and take some of this stuff to the party site," she said.
"Alright," Taylor replied. "You'll need to stop by the store on the way and pick up a few things. I've got a list."
Cindy and I spent the next few minutes loading the back of her truck with boxes full of food, paper plates, plastic silverware and other things for the party. I was just glad to be away from Taylor and doing something to keep my mind off of what lay ahead. After we'd finished loading the truck we hopped in and pulled away from the sorority house. Once we were on the road Cindy turned to me. "Sorry about Taylor. I know she can be a little bitch sometimes but I think she's almost as nervous about this party as you are."
I let out a short, bitter laugh. "I doubt that."
"Yeah, probably not," Cindy smiled "You were right about the trivia contest, though. That wouldn't have been fair to you to make you look so dumb."
"Thanks," I mumbled, and we rode in silence for a couple of minutes. Maybe it was because I was grateful that she stepped in and helped me get away from Taylor but I decided it wouldn't do me any good to be unfriendly to Cindy, so I started to make some small talk. "Where are you from, Cindy?"
"I'm from a small town a couple of hours from here and I'm sure you've never heard of it. I grew up on a farm and I'm a corn fed country girl, born and bred."
This didn't really surprise me much, especially after seeing her truck which looked more suited to mudding than commuting on city roads. She also had a slight twang in her voice. It wasn't a heavy drawl by any means, but it was noticeable. Cindy had a lean, lithe figure and a very pretty face highlighted by wavy strawberry blonde hair and green eyes. "You remind me of Jennifer Nettles of Sugarland," I told her.
"Really?" she said surprised. "Well, I'll take that as a compliment. I think she's very pretty."
"So do I."
"I'm surprised an upper-class blueblood like you listens to country music," she said.
"Well, I like her anyway."
Cindy smiled at me. "Me too."
She turned the truck into a supermarket parking lot and shut off the engine. "We have to pick up a few things here for the party, Wendy. So go ahead and take off your clothes and we'll go on in." I'm sure you can imagine the shocked look on my face when she said that and Cindy managed to keep a straight face for a few seconds before bursting into laughter. "I'm just kidding, Wendy. C'mon." She opened her door and stepped out and with a sigh of relief I got out and followed her.
"You've done that before though, right?" Cindy asked as we walked toward the store. "Walked naked through a busy supermarket like this one?"
"Yeah," I replied. "Quite a few times, actually."
"Have you been naked in this one before?"
"No, not yet. But I'm sure that day is coming since it's pretty close to the campus."
Cindy let out another laugh. "Oh my God, that is so crazy. I mean, who does that? I can't imagine anyone actually doing that."
Unfortunately, not only could I imagine it, I had lots of vivid memories of it. I was just thankful to be clothed right now as we walked though the store's automatic sliding doors. Cindy grabbed a shopping cart and we began rolling through the aisles looking for items on the shopping list. As we walked Cindy kept glancing over at me and smiling until I finally had to say something. "What?"
"Oh, nothing," she replied. "I was just imagining what it would be like if you were walking naked through the store right now. I mean, you would've done that if I'd insisted, right?"
"Yeah," I replied nervously. "But you'll be getting me naked soon enough at the party."
"Oh, I know," she replied. "I'm just getting incredibly turned on right now thinking about it, though." Cindy flashed me another smile and I started to get worried that she might ask me to strip right here in the middle of the store. But the moment passed and we kept rolling through the aisles with me somehow managing to keep from being separated from my clothes.
The two of us loaded the shopping bags into the back of her truck and hit the road again, this time heading toward the party site. We rode silently for a couple of minutes before Cindy began to speak. "Hey Wendy, I know you think I'm a major bitch for showing you that term paper website but I really didn't know what Nancy had planned for you. I mean, I knew she had kind of a weird fetish for exhibitionism, but I guess I didn't put two and two together."
"Well, like you said, no one made me cheat on that paper. You didn't hold a gun to my head. So are you and Nancy good friends?" I asked.
"Good friends? Um, no. We've partied together a few times but that's about it. I mean, she must be forty at least and a member of the administration but she's still hanging out at college parties like she's twenty? I just think that's a little pathetic." I was starting to warm to Cindy and I was glad to hear that she and Nancy weren't as close as Nancy had claimed. "Nancy was pretty drunk the night she told me about her exhibitionist fantasies," Cindy continued, "and it kind of weirded me out. I was afraid she might take her clothes off or something and I really didn't need to see that."
We both laughed and I was starting to loosen up a little and felt like talking. "I think she's totally nuts," I said. "Seriously. Can you imagine what it's like to be under the control of a crazy woman like that?"
"Tell me," she said.
"I don't know, but I'm just so on edge all the time, especially when I know I have one of my 'assignments' coming up soon. I'm just a bundle of nerves and emotions."
"Like right now?"
"Yes, exactly! I mean my stomach is churning right now and I've got all this adrenaline running through my body. I feel like I could jump right out of my skin knowing what I'm going to have to do in a few hours."
"Does it make you horny?" she asked with a wry smile.
"Yes," I sighed. "That's another thing. I get incredibly aroused and I just can't help it. I hate it but it's just the way my body reacts."
"You make it sound like a bad thing," Cindy said. "That sounds kind of exciting to me."
"That's because you're not the one having to humiliate herself all the time. I don't know, it's just embarrassing, especially when everyone can tell that I'm turned on."
Cindy's GPS interrupted us as it told her to make a turn. She guided the truck onto a road that led to the edge of town and remained silent for a minute before speaking again. "Wendy, I know what I did was a shitty thing to do, but I'm glad you're the one who Nancy chose. I know that sounds awful but I can't help it."
I didn't know how to respond to that so I stayed silent as she continued. "Wendy, you're gorgeous and you have nothing to be ashamed about by showing your body. You're one of the prettiest girls on campus and everyone says so."
I blushed a little when she said that. "Um, thanks, I guess. I think you're beautiful, too."
"No," she replied. "Taylor is cute, I'm pretty, and you're beautiful. There's a sliding scale here and you're at the top of it. I think that's part of the reason that Taylor has such a problem with you. She's jealous."
"Are you?" I asked her.
"No," Cindy replied. "I'm very comfortable with my looks. In fact, I think I'm really, really attracted to you." She eyed me quickly and then turned her focus back to the road. "You don't have to respond to that, Wendy. I know we never really talked to each other much besides that one party where I told you about the website, but I definitely had noticed you around campus. The thing is, though, that once Nancy got her hooks into you, you kind of turned into a hermit. You completely disappeared from the social scene. I totally understand that now but I think it made some people think you were standoffish and aloof, like a stuck up rich bitch."
"But I'm not!" I blurted out. "I just didn't know how to handle this whole thing with Nancy!"
"I know," Cindy replied. "I understand that, especially now that I know what Nancy's been making you do. But I want to see the fun-loving Wendy back again. What's going to happen today is inevitable but being miserable about it doesn't have to be. Just try to make something positive out of this and have fun with it."
"You mean turn lemons into lemonade," I retorted sarcastically. "You just don't understand what this is like, Cindy."
Cindy didn't speak again and a couple of minutes later we turned into a gravel parking lot. In the distance was a large canvas tent and some fraternity boys busy setting up for the party. Cindy shut off the engine and turned to me. "We're here, Wendy," she said. "At least think about what I said."
IV
I wandered around outside through the growing crowd trying to keep my nerves under control but my stomach was tied up in knots. I didn't know what was worse, the anticipation of knowing what was about to happen or actually going through with it. I had no idea what time our little sorority "initiation" was going to take place but part of me wanted to hurry up and get it over with, while another part of me wanted to delay the inevitable for as long as possible.
As I walked around I'd occasionally run into friends and acquaintances, but I was too nervous to engage in small talk and after a few minutes I'd find an excuse to wander away. No wonder people think I'm aloof, I thought to myself, but I just couldn't help it.
As I wandered through the area I decided that if you were going to throw a big bash, this was definitely the place to do it. This was where the town's annual Oktoberfest festivities were held and since it was just outside of town it was both easily accessible yet far enough away from residential neighborhoods that there were no worries about complaints by the neighbors. The site featured a large permanent canvas beer tent which had a stage, bar, dance area, and wooden tables. I guessed that the tent could probably hold a couple of hundred people but the field surrounding it was large enough to hold many times that. A classic rock band was playing on the stage inside but since the music was being piped out on loudspeakers, most people so far had chosen to stay outside in the sunshine. I chose to stay outside mainly because I really needed the fresh air to keep from throwing up.
I guessed there were probably at least two hundred people here already and more were showing up all the time, paying a $20 cover charge which helped cover the costs of the food, alcohol, and entertainment. This was a long way from the few dozen people I originally imagined when I first heard about the sorority party, and way beyond the relatively brief exposure to anonymous strangers that I'd become accustomed to. This wasn't going to be an incremental step in my career, as Nancy liked to call it -- it was going to be a giant leap. I guess I shouldn't be surprised since Nancy did the same thing after my first true public exposure at Sinful Delights in the mall. After building up to it slowly with weeks of naked car rides and t-shirt training, she then moved me into Phase 2 of my training by having me walk completely naked through that crowded supermarket! When Nancy decides that I'm ready to handle more she doesn't screw around.
As the crowd continued to swell I had to resist the almost irresistible urge to bolt; to just walk away and never look back. Every time I thought about it, though, the consequences kept flooding through my mind. Not only would Nancy have me expelled from school for cheating on my term paper but she now had a large collection of pictures and videos of my exploits, including a humiliating masturbation video, and she constantly reminded me that she could flood the internet with these at any time. That's how Nancy kept me on the hook -- by making sure that the pain of not carrying out her demands always exceeded the pain of doing them.
I remained mostly on the periphery of the party as the afternoon wore on. All that Cindy and Taylor had told me was that they were going to wait until the party was in full swing before I did my thing, and it sure looked like it was getting close to that point now as the sound of partygoers and music continued to build. For the first time I spotted Taylor in the crowd as she made her way toward me. She was wearing a sleek party dress and looked like she had spent hours on her hair and makeup.
"I hope there's no booze in that," Taylor said pointing to the plastic cup in my hand. Taylor had forbidden me from drinking any alcohol tonight. She wanted me stone cold sober for this experience.
"It's just ginger ale," I said. "You look really pretty, Taylor," I told her, meaning it.
"Thanks," she responded with a quick smile. For a moment there seemed to be a crack in her hostility toward me since our argument about the trivia contest, but then she reverted back to a controlling, dominating attitude. "You know, the pledges were supposed to dress up for this party."
"No, I didn't know that," I replied. "Nobody told me."
"Well, like I said I guess it really doesn't matter anyway. You're going to be losing your clothes soon enough anyway."
"When is this supposed to happen?" I asked.
"Soon," she replied. "Cindy's making the final preparations right now."
"What kind of game are we going to be playing if we're not doing that trivia contest?"
"I have no idea," Taylor said coolly. "Cindy says she has another plan but even I don't know what it is. She said we really didn't need to know in advance."
I'm not sure I liked that since it added yet another degree of uncertainty to what was about to happen, but I suppose it was better than that dumb trivia contest that Taylor had designed to make me look like a fool.
"Well, I'm going to go mingle," Taylor said. "Stay close because we should be doing this soon. Cindy will come get you when we're ready." As I watched her walk away my anxiety raised a couple of more notches.
A few minutes later I spotted Nancy making her way toward me with her friend Margaret in tow. Margaret was the owner of the Sinful Delights lingerie shop where I'd had my first public exposure and she had become Nancy's unofficial photographer/videographer of my nude exploits.
"There you are, dear." Nancy said cheerily as they approached. "How are feeling about your upcoming performance?"
"Awful," I said and I turned to Margaret. "I guess I shouldn't be surprised that you're here with your camera bag."
"Nice to see you, too, Wendy," Margaret laughed. "Charming as always."
"Wendy, you knew we couldn't let this event go by without a record of it," Nancy said. "I've got to say that Cindy and Taylor really outdid themselves, though. This is much bigger than I expected."
"Yeah, it's way beyond what you were expecting me to do so you're here to tell me I don't have to go through with it, right?" I said sarcastically.
"Let me think about that for a moment, Wendy. Um...no. What I am here to tell you, though, is that you're going to love every moment of this, or at least pretend to."
"I am, huh. What makes you think I can do that?"
"Why do you think I insisted you take that acting class? And by all accounts you're very good at it. A natural, I'm told. So tonight think of yourself as an actress playing the role of an exhibitionist who really, really loves being the only one naked in a large crowd."
"I'm not sure I'm that good of an actress," I retorted. The anxiety had really put me on edge and I responded to Nancy more forcefully than I normally would've dared.
"Well, you'd better become one," Nancy shot back, a little angrily. "Because if I see that sour, miserable look on your face at all tonight I'm going to tell Taylor she can keep you naked all day tomorrow as well and give her carte blanche to do whatever she wishes with you." Hearing that stunned me back into understanding the precariousness of my situation.
"I'm sorry, Nancy," I told her, lowering my eyes to the ground. If she wants an act I'll start by acting contrite and apologetic even though I didn't feel it. "I'll do my best."
"Good girl," Nancy replied. "I want to see a smiling, laughing, sexy, outgoing exhibitionist tonight, Wendy. I don't care if you hate every second of this, you're going to look like you love it. Have I made myself clear?"
I nodded obediently. "Crystal."
Just then Cindy walked up to me and tapped me on the shoulder. "It's time, Wendy. We're going to get started now." Then she took me by the hand and began leading me through the crowd toward the tent.
"Break a leg, Wendy!" Nancy shouted behind me.
V
"Hey everybody, how y'all doing!" Cindy yelled into the microphone and the crowd cheered in response. The band was on a break and Cindy and her six pledges had now taken the stage. Well, five pledges anyway and one fake pledge -- me. Taylor stood beside me and the other four girls were dressed to the nines just like she was. In my blue jeans and t-shirt, I was the only one of the six wearing casual clothes. People were pouring into the tent from outside now -- mostly males but some girls as well - and I recognized some of the Sigma Pi sisters I'd seen at the sorority house. I wondered if they were in on what was about to happen. As the crowd in front of the stage swelled, my anxiety ratcheted up to an even higher level and I did my best to calm myself down. Wendy, you're just an actress playing a role, I told myself and I did some deep breathing and other techniques I'd learned in acting class to prepare myself. Cindy began introducing the pledges to the crowd and when she said my name I put a bright smile on my face like there was nowhere on earth I'd rather be than right here on this stage.
Cindy took the microphone off the mike stand and began working the crowd. "So this is the part of the evening that I know a lot of you have been looking forward to, am I right?" Cindy shouted into the microphone to loud cheers. "We have six hot, sexy Sigma Pi pledges up here and I know some of you guys are wondering what they look like without these dresses on! (more cheers) And you're thinking that maybe, just maybe, you'll even get a brief glimpse of a pair supple, firm Sigma Pi tits! (louder cheers) Because you know that Sigma Pi women have the supplest, firmest tits on campus!" (raucous cheers with a few good natured boos from the non-Sigma Pi women in the crowd).
The crowd was really getting into it now and as Cindy paced back and forth on the stage like a fundamentalist preacher I was thinking how good she was at this.
"Well, normally this is where we play a little game to get some of these girls out of their clothes but I'm afraid we're not going to be able to do that this year," she continued, this time to relative silence and a few scattered boos. "Unfortunately we have a problem. You see, the girls were supposed to dress up for you tonight in their sexiest evening wear. Now I won't mention any names -- Wendy Wilson -- but one of them chose not to do that."
Every eye in the place was fixed on me now and I almost wished that we'd done the trivia contest instead. I mouthed the word "sorry" to the crowd and Cindy turned to me and gave me a wink. "Now normally," Cindy continued, "this would be grounds for disqualification for a pledge to become a member of our sorority because we only select the best of the best, the cream of the crop, the sweetest fruit on the vine on to become members of our sorority. And, of course, the girls with the supplest, firmest tits. (laughter) So Wendy begged me to be given a second chance. She told me she would do anything -- anything -- to make amends. I said, 'I don't know, Wendy, you've been a very bad girl and you need to be punished.' So what do you think guys? Do you think Wendy needs to be punished?"
The place erupted now in whoops and cheers and I'm sure my face was totally crimson. An embarrassed smile spread across my face that was part acting but mostly real. "So here's what I think Wendy needs to do to make amends," Cindy said as she looked me up and down. "I think she needs to lose those clothes. (cheers) And I don't mean just down to her bra and panties. I don't even mean down to just her panties. I mean she needs to lose every stitch right down to her birthday suit!" (massive cheers)
It was all I could do at this point to hold myself together but I kept the embarrassed smile on my face as if I was willingly going along with this. You're just playing a role, Wendy, I kept telling myself over and over.
"But you know what?" Cindy continued. "Even if Wendy loses those clothes we still have a problem. She was supposed to wear a dress tonight and she doesn't have one to change into. So I'm beside myself. I just don't know what to do. I mean, I can't just allow her to put those clothes right back on because that would defeat the whole purpose of the punishment, right?" (Yes!) This is a real conundrum and I'm not sure there's a solution," Cindy said, scratching her head.
"Make her stay naked!" someone shouted from the crowd to raucous cheers.
"Make her stay naked?" Cindy asked as if the idea had never occurred to her. "But the party's barely getting started so that would mean she'd have to stay naked for hours! (cheers) Are you guys telling me you think that Wendy should party naked for whole the rest of the night? (Yes!) Wow! I guess that would be a solution to the problem. What do you think, Wendy? Would you be willing to do that for the opportunity to become a member of Sigma Pi sorority?" she asked me, putting the microphone in my face.
"I'd do just about anything to join Sigma Pi," I said and the crowd erupted into the loudest cheer of the night.
"Well, alrighty then," Cindy said. "It looks like we have a solution to our dilemma. So I guess there's just one more thing I need to know. How badly do you guys want Wendy to join our sorority? (massive cheers) Well then, I'm going to give you the opportunity to prove it. You see that Sigma Pi donation jar over there on the bar? Yeah, it's that big empty jar that has like four dollars and change in it, and I know that two dollars of that I put in myself to get it started. Well, I'm going to give you guys the opportunity to express just how badly you want Wendy to join our sorority by filling that jar up with dead presidents. And I'm not just talking about George Washington either you cheapskates. Yeah, I'm looking your direction, Kappa Alpha. (laughter) So guys, you're going to have to give up some dead old white men to get a beautiful live naked girl in return. I think that's a fair trade!" (cheers)
As the crowd lined up to put money into the Sigma Pi jar I turned and glanced at Taylor standing next to me. To my surprise I saw no signs of hostility or smugness in her face, just a sense of excitement. She gave me a quick smile and a nod that almost seemed like encouragement.
Cindy replaced the microphone back onto the mike stand and walked over to me with a broad smile on her face. She leaned over and kissed me on my cheek and began whispering in my ear.
"It's showtime, Wendy."
VI
Cindy led me by the hand through the crowd to the center of the tent, then pulled me up onto one of the sturdy wooden tables. She held me close and whispered something into my ear that I couldn't quite make out in the noise, then waved her hand as a signal to the band which was back onstage now. Then she stepped off the table and returned to the floor leaving me alone, surrounded by people on every side.
I closed my eyes briefly and tried to go deep within myself. You're playing the role of an exhibitionist, Wendy, and these people are just extras. This is your movie. You're the star. The opening guitar riff to the Rolling Stones' "Start Me Up" filled the air. Lights, camera, action!
My eyes popped open, I put a seductive smile on my face and began moving my body to the driving beat of the song.
If you start me upIf you start me up I'll never stop
I bent over at the waist to untie my sneakers, then slid them off using my toes and let them drop to the ground at the foot of the table. Then I pulled my socks off and did the same.
I've been running hotYou got me ticking gonna blow my top
My body continued to move to the music and I slowly began unbuttoning my jeans as the crowd cheered me on. The tent was filled to capacity now and I could feel eyes in every direction locked onto my body as I slid my jeans down my thighs and stepped out of them.
If you rough it upIf you like it you can slide it up, slide it up
I crossed my arms in front of my waist and grasped each side of my t-shirt, lifting it up just enough to give the crowd a glimpse of my panties and bare midriff before lowering it again. I did this several times as my hips swayed to the music, then finally pulled it over my head and let it drop to the floor. The roar from the crowd continued to build with each piece of clothing I removed and I felt like I was in the eye of a hurricane as I danced now in just my bra and panties.
Don't make a grown man cryMy eyes dilate, my lips go greenMy hands are greasyShe's a mean, mean machine
It felt like my body was being fueled by pure adrenaline as I reached around behind my back and unclasped my bra. I teasingly pulled the strap off of one bare shoulder and then the other and then let the bra hang loosely on my breasts as I continued dancing to the grinding beat of the music. Then, suddenly, I pulled it off and replaced it with my left arm covering my breasts. I let the bra drop to the floor and then quickly covered each breast with a hand, preventing my audience from getting a glimpse. The roar continued to build in anticipation until I finally let my hands drop to my sides, revealing my bare breasts to the crowd.
You got to never, never, never stopNever, neverSlide it up
I had only one small piece of fabric remaining protecting what was left of my dignity but I was too deep into playing my role to stop now. I pulled each side of my panties down just far enough to reveal bare hips to the crowd.
Love the day when we will never stop, never stopNever stop, never stop
The song was winding down now and I'd waited as long as possible for the inevitable. I bent over at the waist and slid my panties down my thighs, undoubtedly giving anyone standing behind me a good view of my pussy lips. I stepped out of them and the crowd exploded in cheers as I straightened up and twirled them around on my index finger before letting them drop to the floor with the rest of my clothes. I was now completely nude in the middle of what seemed like a sea of camera phones aimed in my direction as I continued to dance to the conclusion of the song.
You, you, you make a grown man cryYou, you make a dead man comeYou, you make a dead man come
When the music ended the spell I was under seemed to lift and it sunk in now that I was standing very, very naked in front of a crowd of my fellow students. I wasn't sure what to do next, until a beaming Cindy stepped up to the table and helped me down. Then she led me by the hand through the packed crowd.
VII
The rest of the evening seemed to go by in a swirl of sight, sounds, and emotions. It's almost impossible to describe the awesome feeling of being the only nude person in a large crowd. I felt frightened, exhilarated, aroused, and humiliated, all at the same time. This was far from the first time that I'd been naked in front of an audience, of course, but these were people who knew me and who I'd be seeing constantly throughout the rest of the school year, not anonymous strangers in some supermarket across town.
Cindy stayed close most of the evening, providing moral support to help me through it and acting as a kind of bodyguard to help keep the wandering hands of drunk frat boys away from my body. She kept a tight hold of my hand which helped give me more strength to deal with this crazy situation I'd been thrust into. She also did a lot of the talking, telling people how proud she felt knowing that I was willing to do this just to become a member of her sorority. I spotted Nancy occasionally but she chose to keep a discreet distance from me, probably because as an employee in the Dean's office she couldn't be seen taking an active part in this. I knew she was watching, though, and I kept a smile on my face as if I was thoroughly enjoying myself.
There were cameras everywhere and it seemed like everyone wanted their picture taken with me. After awhile Cindy decided that this might be another way to milk more money out of the crowd so she enlisted Margaret and her expensive camera gear and set me up in a corner of the tent where she started charging people $5 to have their picture taken with me. Computer geeks were my most frequent customers but there were also jocks, frat boys, stoners...you name it. Also a surprising number of girls lined up as well. For each picture I'd put an arm around them and a big smile on my face while Cindy stood by to make sure their hands didn't wander too far from the vicinity of my waist.
After awhile we ended the picture taking sessions and I told Cindy that I needed some fresh air. We walked out of the tent into the dimming evening sunlight and I was shocked by the size of the crowd outside. I guess word had gotten out on campus about what was happening at the party and people were still flooding in. One of the fraternity guys helping out with the party told Cindy they were making an emergency run to the liquor store for more kegs.
Everywhere we went I was the center of attention. I was also in a constant state of arousal and my nipples stuck out like pencil erasers only adding to my embarrassment. After awhile I couldn't take it any longer. I told Cindy I needed to go to the bathroom and she led me to the outdoor port-a-potties.
Now there are probably few places less erotic than the inside of a port-a-potty but at this point I just had to relieve the pressure that'd been building up inside of me. Since this was likely the only place I'd ever get any privacy tonight it would have to do. My right hand slid down and began rubbing my clit as I caressed my breasts with my left hand. I had to bite my lip to keep my moans from being heard outside and it was all I could do to keep from screaming when I reached my climax minutes later. I waited a couple of more minutes for my body to get back to something close to an even keel before stepping out into the crowd once again. I could only hope that what had just happened wasn't too obvious.
Cindy continued to stay close as I mingled outside in the crowd. The response I got was almost universally positive, which wasn't actually too surprising. This was a drunk, raucous college crowd after all, and I doubted anyone here was likely to be offended by the sight of a naked girl. That actually helped me relax and loosen up a little bit, as did Cindy's support. This wasn't like where Nancy would send me out somewhere naked and would get her kicks watching from a distance. Cindy's presence helped give me strength and encouragement.
As the sun went down over the horizon some fraternity guys started a bonfire in a fire pit and the crowd began migrating around it. It felt good standing in its warmth and after awhile I became mesmerized by the flames. I looked down and saw the flickering light dancing on my bare skin and it struck home that I was actually doing it...I was living the life that Nancy had promised that first day at her dining room table when she mapped out my future for me. That seemed like ages ago now and at the time it seemed impossible that I'd ever actually be able to do the things she described. Yet here I was now totally nude in front of what seemed like half of the student body of my school, and I knew this was just the beginning. I wondered now how many times this kind of scene would play itself out during the remainder of my college days. God knows that Nancy's thirst for this kind of thing seemed to be insatiable, and now with Cindy and Taylor thrown into the mix there seemed to be no end to the possibility of being ordered out of my clothes. And I knew now that my training, for all intents and purposes, really was over. If I could spend hours naked in this setting and with these people then there really no longer seemed to be any limits to what I was capable of doing. I had become what Nancy had dreamed of -- a naked doll she could wind up and march in any direction she chose. This realization sent yet another wave of unwanted sexual excitement pulsing through my body.
Inside the tent the band had played its last set and someone said they were packing up. I hoped this meant that the party was winding down, but minutes later a DJ began pumping out loud, thumping modern rap, pop, and rock music and the party kicked up another notch. And in the parking lot I could see cars still continuing to arrive. This wasn't going to be an early evening.
After awhile Cindy whispered in my ear, "C'mon, hon. Let's go inside and dance." She pulled me through the crowd, which parted like the Red Sea for us, and a cheer rose as I entered the tent.
And then I danced, and danced, and danced some more. At first I danced with Cindy but then with anyone who asked. Guys, girls, it didn't matter. Sometimes I wasn't even sure who I was dancing with, I was just dancing with the crowd. I allowed the music to wash over me and I let myself go.
It seemed as if the bonfire, the music, and the conflicting emotions that had been pulsating through my body all evening had filled me with a kind of primal energy. My nude body glistened now with perspiration and I moved effortlessly in perfect rhythm to the music. I could no longer tell if I was still putting on an act or if this was the real Wendy Wilson. The actress had become one with the character and they had become indistinguishable from each other.
And as I danced I could feel my arousal building like steam inside a boiler until I was on the verge of exploding. I knew I was way past the point of being able to find any privacy so all I could do was hope that the writhing dancers surrounding me and thumping music would help mask what was about to happen. I shook my hair over my face and did my best to muffle my moans as my body shuddered and I had a thunderous orgasm right there in the middle of the dance floor.
VIII
It was deep in the early morning hours before the last of the party goers departed and were replaced by a cleaning crew that'd been hired to clean up afterwards. They kept stealing glances at me as I sat, still naked, on a wooden bench. I hadn't seen Taylor in hours and even Nancy and Margaret had disappeared awhile ago. Only Cindy was left and she sat down next to me now.
"How ya feeling, hon?" she asked me.
"I'm so tired," I said. I was totally exhausted -- completely mentally and physically drained - and I leaned against her and rested my head on her shoulder. She put an arm around me and pulled me closer.
"That's understandable," she said. "You've had quite a night, Wendy. This was an epic party and people will be talking about it for years."
"That's what I'm afraid of," I mumbled sleepily.
"I saw your orgasm on the dance floor."
"Oh, God. Was it that obvious?"
"I'm afraid so. Taylor saw it, too. "
"What happened to Taylor, anyway?"
"She's probably on her back somewhere with her ankles around her ears would be my guess," Cindy replied.
"Oh. I thought she was the one who was supposed to be in charge of me today but you were the one controlling everything."
"Well, she had a couple of things she wanted you to do tonight that you definitely wouldn't have liked. She's just a pledge, though, and I'm a senior and a sorority officer so I pulled rank on her to keep things from being too bad for you."
"Thanks," I mumbled and snuggled closer to her. "Don't you feel bad for making me get naked, though?"
"Nope. I'd keep you naked forever if I could." We sat there silently for several minutes and I was on the verge of falling asleep when she pulled me to my feet.
"It's time to take you home, girlfriend."
"I don't know where my clothes are, Cindy."
"I'm sure they're long gone, hon. You don't need them anyway. If there's anyone who doesn't need to wear clothes, it's you."
Cindy walked me out to her truck and helped me into the passenger seat. We stayed mostly silent on the drive home and I could see the first sign of light on the horizon as she pulled into the parking lot of my apartment complex. She shut off the engine and turned to me. "Do you have a key, Wendy? Will you be able to get in?"
"I hid a key outside," I said. "I didn't bring anything with me that I was afraid to lose."
"Smart girl," she said.
The early morning songbirds were serenading us as Cindy led me by the hand up the stairs to my apartment. There were apartments nearby where someone might be looking out a window but I was way beyond caring by this point as I reached under the mat to retrieve my apartment key.
Cindy and I stood facing each other just outside my front door. "You were totally amazing tonight," she said as the tips of her fingers moved lightly across my bare skin. "You're so beautiful, Wendy," she said as she leaned over and pressed her lips against mine. I began trembling and pulled away."I..um..I'm not a..."
"Shhhh...." Cindy said and pressed a finger against my lips. "You're not a lesbian? That's okay. Neither am I. This is just a college thing. I think every college girl should try it at least once." Her hand continued to move across my skin and my trembling increased as she began caressing my right breast. Then it began moving down my stomach and Cindy turned her gaze downward. "I love your little golden bush, Wendy. It seems like everyone shaves bare down there these days. I'm so glad you don't." I felt her fingers move through my pubic hair and I shuddered as they brushed lightly against my pussy lips.
I looked up into her pretty face and green eyes as she moved in closer again. "I won't make you do this if you don't want to, Wendy," she whispered. Then she pressed her lips against mine again, but this time I didn't pull away. I closed my eyes and melted in her arms.
"I want to," I gasped when she finally pulled away.
Cindy took the key from my hand, unlocked the door, and led me by the hand through the door.