Richard's head snapped up at the sound of the door clicking open. It was tough to tell how long he had been sitting in that chair, an hour, maybe two. Even with the soft cushion beneath his bare backside his lower half had gone numb.
The hotel suite he had rented with Julie was split into three: there was the bedroom, a rather ambitiously named 'lounge' and the bathroom. He sat in the bedroom, bathed in the harsh glare of a television. The curtains were drawn and windows shut. The room was oppressive, filled with the scent of sweat and sex from earlier in the day. Richard writhed gently in the chair, his wrists and ankles rubbed against the silk restraints Julie had fastened him with so long ago. He began to flex his legs and buttocks, his muscular thighs stretched against his skin and the chair creaked as he pressed into it. Slowly the circulation began to return to the numbed areas of his body, a tingling sensation ran through his lower body.
His previously closed eyes were adjusting to the screen in front of him. There, his wife Julie was leading another man into their hotel room. The television had no sound but he could hear them faintly through the thin door. Julie was laughing, laughing with her whole body so that her exposed cleavage jiggled within her bra. Immediately Richard's cock began to stiffen, it's limp flesh twitching against his leg. He clenched his jaw tight and inhaled deeply, deliberately. He could feel the warm air of the room sink into his lungs, expanding his chest and relaxing his sudden rapid heart beats. He had been waiting for this. Seeing Julie with another man. She'd told him about her extra-marital conquests before but this was new, more real, happening in actual time and just feet away.
...
Julie's hand rested on Ryan's forearm, tracing a gentle line down the inside of his wrist. Her laughter subsiding she grinned up at him, he was 6ft at least and she 5ft 4", her smile revealed a row of even white teeth and a soft pink tongue that flicked out nervously before she spoke.
"So...Ryan, I'm only visiting Dublin. I'd love to make it a night to remember." Her voice was smooth and gentle. She leaned into his expansive chest, pressing herself up against the cotton, feeling the soft rasp of it against her cheek.
"Well, what kind of man would I be if I let you leave my fair city without a memory or two to treasure forever?" As he spoke Julie could feel his chest vibrate, his deep voice rumbling out of its depths. Julie stepped back, her dress clung to her curves and as she walked over to the dresser where the camera was positioned Ryan's eyes followed her round ass. She stopped by the dresser and turned to face him.
"You should know Ryan, I like to keep my memories fresh. I..." her voice trailed off and she blushed a little, the red a pleasing contrast to the creamy white of her cheeks. Her hand trembled out to caress the camera. "I record my rendezvous whenever possible. Is that okay with you?"
Ryan's hand twitched slightly, his adrenaline spiking in his brain as he saw the red light already on and recording. He looked again at Julie, his cock was pressing against his slim jeans...she was stunning. Soft skin with long black hair, the light blue dress she wore highlighting the firm body underneath. He couldn't say no, and what was one American tourist's recording to him?
He nodded slowly, a smile creeping over his face. "A kinky one are you? Sure, you can video me."
"Ha!" Julie's laugh was short and blunt "Kinkier than you will ever know my dear. Please, make yourself at home while I change into something more comfortable..." she left the sentence dangling there as she reached behind her to loosen the zip on her dress and began to pull it down. Turning her back to him she allowed the dress to fall away. She looked back over her shoulder, her eyes roamed his muscular body, clearly a man who spent a lot of time at the gym, she allowed her eyes to linger on his tight stomach and the bulge showing along his thigh.
She held the dress bunched in front of her chest she said "Don't go anywhere." She opened the sliding door to the gloom of the bedroom and slipped in. Richard was sat just as she had left him, she let the dress fall in front of him to reveal the matching underwear he had bought her yesterday while exploring the city. She wore a black and white bra and panties, the black was in delicate lace over the white. Twining roses, beautiful and sharp. On her les she wore light flesh coloured tights and 4 inch blue heels. She stepped over to the chair where her husband was bound. Richard's cock was nearly hard, the smell of her always made him aroused, the perfume made his cock respond like Pavlovian dog, soon he knew precum would begin to well at the tip as his whole body yearned to stretch out to her.
She lifted a high heeled foot and pressed the point into his soft inner thigh. A small grunt escaped him and his head shot down into his chest as the sharp point sent shiver through his body. Julie pushed her weight into him, leaning on her knee. "Watch closely Richard, that young man is going to fuck my brains out and I'm going to give him the night of his life. Do you understand?" He nodded, stiffly looking down at her feet. She reached down with her left hand and cupped his balls, as she began to speak again she squeezed tightly. "Good boy, now you keep quiet in here and pay attention, there may be a quiz later and if you want any kind of satisfaction you better know the answers." Julie removed her heel from his thigh leaving a small red dot on his leg.
Turning to the door she left without a further glance or word in his direction. Outside, Ryan sat on the small sofa, his hand stroking the frayed arm and his eyes flicking to the red light on show across the room. His other hand rested on his cock, as Julie stepped out of the dark, oddly lit bedroom his movements froze. His eyes locked on to her body, the large tits, a flat stomach which gave way to wide hips. She turned her side to him showing the curve of her voluptuous ass. Her hair long and chestnut was held in a ponytail and cascaded down her back. The panties she wore cut diagonally over her flesh and displayed the shape of her cheeks against her leg.
With a strut in her walk she crossed the room and kneeled in front of Ryan. Her hands reached out to grab his knees and slowly parted his legs while staring deep into his eyes. "Take off your shirt Ryan." She smiled through her words as Ryan rushed to obey. Her hands traced the delicate frame of his collarbone and the hollow between his neck and large shoulders. She followed the curves of his shoulder down to his chest, feeling the taut lump of his pec. Her hand continued down his stomach, the pointed nails twining through the hair on his stomach, a fine treasure trail leading to the top of his belt.
Ryan looks at her with a shy smile as she begins to undo his belt. She reveals his cock with a sigh of relief and hunger, finally being able to grip it in her hands, hard and twitching in her grasp, she feels her nipples harden. It's average length still protrudes well above her small hands but it's girth.
"Mmm" she hums deep within her chest, unable to close her hand around his shaft she can't think but how good it would feel to have him stretching her pussy wide. Staring at his cock she bends down and wraps her mouth around it, her tongue flicking deftly over its thick tip. Ryan arches his back as his stomach tenses at the skilled, soft touch of her mouth. Julie feels her pussy tighten as her mouth fills with his cock and she raises her ass, pointing it at the camera, knowing how it must tease her bound husband next door.
Ryan reaches out to hold the length of her pony tail and entangles it in his hands as she begins to take him deep in to her throat, up and down, slowly, up and down. He can fee his legs and ass muscles clenching at each dip of her head.
"Stop..." Ryan gasps, the word, his voice weak and breathless. "Mmm...I want you now, Julie." He stand up and she turns away from him, he hooks her bra in one fluid movement and it falls to the floor revealing her breasts, the nipples pointed up towards the ceiling, hard and quivering in the exposed air. His hands hold her from behind, running up the curve of her stomach, feeling the delicate bones of her ribs before reaching the full round tits. Her head leans back in to his should as her moves his fingers, stroking from the outside in, in ever shortening circles. As he finds her nipple he takes it gentle in his hand and gradually applies pressure, sending waves of sensation pouring through Julie's body. She shifts and pushes her ass into Ryan's exposed cock, feeling the wet tip through the satin of her panties. Robert watches soundlessly as Ryan pushes his wife's shoulders forward, she rests her hands on the coffee table so she it at a 90 degree angle, her face towards the camera, breasts swaying beneath her. He kneels and removes her panties, revealing the moist warmth of her pussy, his fingers run over smoothness of her lips.
Parting her ass cheeks he leans in, tongue pointed and flicking between her legs, her delicious juices welled to his touch, her chin drew in to her chest as she felt him devouring her. He pressed forward and found her clit, making slow circles he massaged her. She pushed herself backwards into him and look took a moment to look into the camera. "Oh fuck Ryan...you know what you're doing." She moaned and smiled wickedly knowing Richard could hear beyond the door.