Judith spent most of Friday night with Kevin's cock inside her, but was up and feeling pretty peppy by 8 AM. IT'S A sunny Saturday, and our last full day in Salt Lake City. I knew Nicki was already on a plane headed for home. I wondered if Judith had gotten enough strange cock to last her for a while or if she wanted to find some guy to give her a few more inches to add to her incredible run she has had the last during week.
Like we had talked earlier, I knew how many men she was with, but have no idea how many times she's been fucked by them. She seemed to know and remember all the details. All of which I am sure we will go over later.
Right then I was surprised to have Judith tell me she had something planned for the two of us. She came out with a couple of brochures from the hotel lobby about renting ATV four wheelers near Heber City to use in a National Park. I told her it looked kind of expensive.
"I'm paying the rental from the money I got at the strip club when Dave had me collecting cash from the guys for the private show."
"Maybe you should have gone ahead and fucked a couple of them for the thousand dollars and we could have bought our own."
"Very funny, asshole. Maybe I'll just do that."
"Or, you could hit two or three of clubs in a row and buy us a car." I guess I was feeling pretty good about myself, so was teasing Judith in mean tone.
"Yeah, maybe we could make a weekend end of it and by a BMW. You are one sick motherfucker."
"Alright then, let's do some four wheeling." We had never been on an ATV, so this should be fun if we don't kill ourselves. We got in the rental car and headed to Heber City to spend Judith's nudity reward money.
We followed the signs and found the place. We parked in the lot and went inside. An older gentlemen was just finishing up renting an ATV. We waited our turn. The old guy noticed Judith and almost forgot what he was doing when he saw her in her short shorts and midriff t-shirt. It was not hard to imagine she wasn't wearing a bra.
When the old guy spoke to her with a big grin Judith's nipples began to poke against her shirt to remove all doubt to him about the bra or in this case, no bra. She saw him looking and got all giggly like a young girl, with her nipples getting a little more noticeable. She stood so that the shirt was tight against them. Judith stood so her boobs were thrust towards him.
"Hi. I'm Bert, I hope I see you two on the trail up there." I don't know if Bert meant the two of us or if he was talking to Judith's tits, because he never took his eyes off them.
"I'm Judith, and this man over here is my husband. We're new at this so maybe if you see us lost you can point us in the right direction."
"I'll keep an eye out for you. My wife is spending the day over at her sister's place instead of going with me. That's my motor home out there in the lot. I guess I'm going by myself."
"Maybe if you would wait up you can go along with us."
That's my Judith. So much for that day to ourselves. This guy must be seventy, but the motor home is as impressive as hell. Big and fancy with one of those well known national brands.
"I'd like that, but I think I'll go ahead. After most of the summer on the road with my wife some time on my own may be just what I need. If you catch up maybe we can ride a little ways together." Bert headed off into the park on the ATV leaving a trail of dust behind.
Judith and I finished up our rental of two ATV's and got some tips for handling them from the owner. The guy took his time to explain every detail to Judith and managed to rub his forearm on Judith's tits a couple of times. I wonder how he would react if he knew how she got the cash she used to pay for the machine's use.
All gassed up and ready to go, Judith and I headed up the trail about twenty minutes behind Bert. Judith rode ahead, which gave me a chance to watch her shorts covered ass bounce around on the seat of the ATV. We were having a lot of fun as we figured out what the machines could do.
When we got into a nice view area we caught up with Bert. He had parked off the road and was eating a bit of lunch. Judith took advantage of his being off his vehicle to settle in next to him to talk as he ate. I'd like to think that she was thinking that today was the last day of our trip and she thought she could get a rise from the old man as she sat with him him. She stretched her arms above her head and laid back against a rock in such a way that poor old Bert was staring right at her camel toed crotch. I could see her nipples were hard from I was, so Bert had to be able to see it from up close with Judith.
I purposefully stayed away to see what Judith was wanting to do. If she was trying to get the old man to fuck her I didn't see how one more cock was going to hurt her. After I stalled all I could I walked over their way. Judith was moving her left leg in an out which almost guided Bert's eye to her pussy. As I got to them I heard her ask if Bert was short for Robert.
"Nope, Momma named me Bertram after her father. The never called me anything but Bert from then until the day she died."
"Did I miss anything?" I asked.
"Just small talk while I checked out your wife. She sure reminds me of mine at her age. Let that be an example to you. I was always too busy from work to give her the good fucking she needed every once and a while."
"Goodness, Bert! The way you talk. You sound like a man that still enjoys the idea of sex." Judith remarked.
"The idea of sex, my ass, young lady. I take that daily low dose male enhancement medicine that gives me a hardon on a regular basis whether the wife is around or not. Pretty much like the hardon you are giving to me right now. And, as a bonus, it seems a little bigger with the drug than without it."
"She does give a guy a hardon doesn't she Bert?" I added to the conversation.
""Like I said, I stayed too busy to nail mine when I should have taken the time and put it to her. Instead she decided to get it somewhere else. Actually, from a contractor working on a remodel for our neighbor's house. They were paying him big money for his services and my wife was servicing him on a daily basis for free. Just found out that my youngest son isn't mine and she confessed to fucking this guy off and on over a period of almost ten years."
"How did she come to tell you about having some other man's baby?" Judith seemed curious.
"Oh, I was always wondering about the kid not looking so much like either of us. Now with my free retirement time I just decided to take a couple of his hairs from a comb one day not long ago and have them DNA tested. My wife protested like hell about the results before agreeing it was hard to argue with DNA. So, that's one kid I raised for someone else. Makes me wonder who all she was fucking that I didn't know about."
"Maybe you can make up for lost time," was all I could think of to say. Seems like you earned a blank check on fooling around."
"Haven't done that, or given it much thought. Now someone like your little wife here, I'd give a thousand dollars to get to fuck a real sweetheart like her."
"Well, she is pretty flirty, but I don't know if she is selling it yet." I almost wanted to laugh because it looked like Judith was thinking of just giving it to him until then.
"Yeah, Bert. I'm not a whore."
"Well, in that case I guess I could go two thousand."
"In your dreams old man."
"I didn't mean to insult you, Judith. I was just making it to be a compliment to how good you look and you do have one of those 'fuck me' airs about you. I guess I'd better get on up the trail before I get myself in trouble any more than I already am here."
"All right, Bert. I guess we'll meet you on the way back somewhere." I said. We hung around about another twenty minutes to let him get way ahead of us. At the speed we were riding we wouldn't catch anyone anyway.
"Can you believe the old fart thought I would do him for a thousand dollars?"
"The offer was two thousand, last I heard. Think what you could do with two grand."
"It would take a long time substitute teaching to make that kind of money. He wasn't a bad looking guy and I was warming up to him before he offered the money. This makes it awkward. I'm glad he went ahead."
Judith I rode for quite a while and had a really good time. I'm thinking it over that she paid for the ATV rentals with the money she got for exposing herself to several at the club. She was ready to do the two guys for a thousand each until Dave stopped her. That kind of made turning down a clean cut guy like Bert an oddity.
We rode off onto some side trails and saw some awesome scenery and enjoyed our riding slowly, yet kicking up lots of dirt and dust. We followed a stream off the main trail about a hundred yards. Judith decided to lay in the cold water to get the dirt off herself. The water was so cold her nipples looked like someone had hooked a vacuum to them and sucked them out so they were standing about a half inch off her boobs.
During her screaming and giggling and splashing water at me I looked up and Bert was standing there watching.
"I got into a bit of trouble up the road. I hit something sharp and cut a tire. I can't go anywhere with it flat. I started walking back hoping to run in to someone, but mostly hoping you two would be riding up in my direction. Can I get a ride back to the store with one of you?"
Bert had his gaze locked on Judith while the was talking mostly to me. I know he wanted to say something because the wet clothes made it look like Judith was pretty much naked. "Shit, I know this got me in trouble before, but now I can see that two thousand wasn't enough."
"Bert, I'll cut you some slack and take that as a compliment this time. Especially, since a man is facing a ten mile walk for help and still has to say what you said?" Judith sounded like she was teasing this time around.
"I'll tell you what," I tried to make this interesting when I said, "I'm not really fond of a man riding behind me grabbing me who knows where."
"Oh, no, if Judith will ride with you I can drive her machine."
"Like hell, I rented these things to drive. You can ride behind me. That second seat is really a storage rack and I'm not flying home to North Carolina with bruises all over my ass." Judith is going to tease the living shit out of this man if she has him ride behind her.
Bert looked like someone just gave him what he wanted for Christmas. Judith told him to get on first and she slid on the seat in front of him. The first thing she did was slide her ass right into his crotch and then looked over at me and said, "Bert's glad to see me. You follow us. If Bert falls off, I'm not stopping to pick him up."
"I'm not sure what to hold on to back here."
"Bert, if you hang to that rack you'll flip over backwards on your head. Just grab what it takes to hold on. Don't be grabbing my shoulders or arms because I need them to drive." With that Judith punched the gas and Bert had to grab to keep from falling off. His hands went to her waist and slid up under her tits. She didn't say anything and every time she would hit a little rough spot Bert would grab her again.
After a few hundred yards she stopped and told him just to hold on to her rather than grabbing at her every few seconds. I watched them up the trail ahead of me as I swear Judith headed for the roughest part of the trail and Bert kept holding onto her. Within the first mile I could see Bert had both her boobs in his hands most of the time and was playing with her nipples.
Judith gets pretty worked up over having her nipples played with. A couple of miles down the trail she pulled over and turned off the ATV. I pulled in behind them and Judith got off the machine and put her arms around Bert's neck and gave him a really long and hot tongue kiss. "Bert, I'm not used to getting fondled so much without getting kissed first."
Bert looked at me and I just shrugged my shoulders. Judith got back on and started up again and drove away. The whole rest of the way I could see Bert work her over, finally getting enough nerve to put a hand in her pants. By the time we got back to the rental place they two of them looked like they had been having sex. Judith's nipples were poking out and her crotch was wet. Bert had a wet spot on his shorts.
The man at the store apologized to Bert and refunded his money. We didn't get anything for bringing him back. Bert put the money in his pocket, then invited us to stop by his motor home before we left. The inside of the place was like a palace. Everything was first class and clean. Either he or his wife must be fussy about having things neat.
"Judith, that was some ride. Thank you. I'll never forget the rescue part of my ride. Can I offer you something to drink?"
Judith surprised me with, "No, I think we had better get going. It's a hour or so to the hotel and we have a flight in the morning to catch." I thought she was ready to fuck him right there. She stepped up to him and gave him a long passionate kiss. He had his hands all over her and she squeezed his dick before stepping back to leave.
"This was fun Bert. I enjoyed the attention. Now, I can't wait to get back to the hotel and fuck the living shit out of my husband." Judith really caught both Bert and me off guard. I was thinking she was going to do this old man.
"Sure, Judith. I was hoping we could do more."
"No, I don't think so, Bert."
"How about if the two grand offer was still on the table?" Bert questioned, seeming desperate.
"Do you think I'm a whore Bert? Have you ever been with a whore? Have you ever paid for a whore? Have you Bert? Have you ever paid a whore to fuck you?"
"No, Judith. I haven't ever paid for sex. Sorry I brought it up again. You have me so worked up and I wanted you so much. When I saw you ready to leave I just had to say something again."
"So, you've never been with a whore? A prostitute? A call girl?"
"No ... "
"Did you really have two grand, Bert? Of, were you just talking out your ass?" Judith was really pissed and there was fire in her eyes.
"Oh, I have the two grand with me now. We have money with us on our trip."
"And, you could give me two grand to fuck you and your wife would never know?"
"That's right ..."
"Get your money out, Bert. Get, out your two grand. I'll fuck you right here, right now, in your fancy motor home ... for two grand."
I couldn't believe she was going to do it. We'll yes, I could. Bert was on track to get it for free. Judith wanted to see the power of her body, of her pussy, over a man. Bert took money from a square tin on the counter by the sink. Bert counted out two thousand dollars and handed it to Judith.
Judith stepped over to me and gave me the cash. "Watch your wife be a whore for old Bert here. Watch old Bert get the fuck of his life. If Bert wants me to be his whore, then I'll be Bert's whore like he'll never have a whore again."
I looked at the money in my hand. Judith practically ripped off her t-shirt and short shorts. Then she leaped on Bert and grabbed at his shirt and removed it while kissing his nipples. While she was doing this she was helping him slip off his shorts. When his cock came free she dropped down to it and sucked it into her mouth. Her head was bobbing up and down on him like she was pumping water to put out a fire.
Bert couldn't hold out after ten miles of teasing and playing with Judith on the ATV. Judith was getting more and more of Bert down her throat when Bert lost it. Judith sat up in front of him, swallowing his cum as she started to speak.
"That better not be all for you old man. That fucking Viagra or whatever you are taking better the fuck be working because you just might need one of those four hour erections."
Judith was now jerking on his semi hard cock and put her face back to his crotch and started to suck his cock back down her throat. Old Bert came through. Or, the pills did. His cock was back to hard again within a couple of minutes of Judith trying work it like she wanted to remove it from his body and swallow it down the join his cum already in her tummy.
Bert took a shove from Judith and fell back on his back. Judith came up over him and guiding his penis and jammed the head of it into her slit. She then slammed down on it taking the whole length of him in one fast movement, only to start rocking it into herself and move up and down on it even faster that she had just been sucking it.
"How does and two thousand dollar fuck feel, Bert? Getting your money's worth? Are you getting a two thousand dollars worth of my cunt, old man? How's the Viagra holding up?"
The Viagra, actually its competitor, was doing really well. Judith was doing all the work, but Bert had been fucking her pussy for about twenty minutes before he came the second time. This time into Judith cum craving cunt.
"That's it Bert, fill me with your sperm. Shoot those little fuckers into me. Dump your cum in your two thousand dollar whore, Bert, dump it in your two thousand dollar whore."
Judith got off Bert with cum running out of her pussy hole. Bert's dick was covered with their juices and Judith left a big trail of cum on Bert's motor home sofa.
"Okay, Sweetie, we can go now," Judith said as she put her clothes back on, "Bert got what he paid for. Let's go to the hotel and let Bert here get back to his wife at her sister's house. Pussy won't be the same for Bert with his wife for a while now that he's paid to fuck mine."
Judith headed for the door of the motor home. "See ya, Bert."
We walked over to the rental car, me with the two grand Judith got from Bert, and Judith with a pretty good souvenir from Bert's load still inside her. She slid into the front seat as I held the door. "Treat a whore like a lady" I was thinking. Judith took the money. She was now officially a whore, not that I think it bothered her that much.
"Some day, huh?" Judith said as I slid in behind the wheel. "I took the money. I took the fucking money."
"Yes you did, Sweetheart. Yes, you did. You took the money."
"That son of a bitch was so loaded with money. Just took two thousand dollars out of a can on his kitchen counter like it was nothing to him. I'd have to fill in at school teaching a class of pimple faced asshole kids for a month to get that kind of money. I feel like a whore. But, it feels better than teaching those classes."
"Well, you had been giving it away from free. If it was any consolation, you put on one hell of a show. I didn't think you would suck him until he came, and then thought you would spit, not swallow."
"I'm a whore. That's what whore's do. I don't know if I'd do it again, but I did it this time. I fucked for money. I'm a whore. I liked it. Being a whore. I really got off on it. I'm spending the money on something good."
We got back to the hotel. I showered to get ready for bed. Judith decided to shower in the morning. "I think I'll got to bed as a whore to see what that feels like. Then when I get up I'll know how a whore feels the morning after. I'll wash his cum off me and out of me and I'll fly home with you and be your wife."
And, she did. Got up and showered and dressed. She looked like my wife again. I left home a week ago with my wife to go on a honeymoon-like 20th anniversary trip. A lot of guys fucked her, but not me. I scored some strange pussy for myself for the first time in my life.
While in the air, flying home to North Carolina I was thinking about the last ten days. I left home with my wife. Spent the whole trip with a slut, excuse me, not a slut, a cunt ... made to be fucked ... her words, and now I am taking a whore home with me.
Women! My two kids my not be my two kids. Bert's wife had another man's baby. Both Nicki and Janice would be just as happy having my baby than one with their husbands. Women don't care who knocks them up and they seem to get some glee in knowing that husband and father may not always be the same thing.
End of Salt Lake City Trip Stories - Watch for the next series soon.
This story is copyrighted by the author in 2010 and can not be used or displayed on a website without the writer's permission.