My next door neighbor invited me to his engagement party. I wasn't going to go, as I didn't know any of his friends, but he said he'd really like me to come along as he'd enjoyed living next to me for the last couple of years. He was probably going to be moving out to live with his fiancée soon, so I said sure, I'd go.
Sue called me on the day of the party, wanting to play, but I said I couldn't tonight, as I was going to Andy's engagement party.
We went to a strip club, I drove, and watched them all get drunk and end up on stage dancing with the strippers. The bouncer and I chatted while the others got lap dances.
I dropped his friends off on the way back, and when we got home, Sue's car was in the parking lot. I figured Andy was pretty drunk and probably wasn't going to remember much about the evening anyway, so I invited him in.
Sue had heard us come up the stairs, and came to the door in white stockings, heels, garter belt, boy shots and bra.
"The key is for emergencies," I said.
"I thought this might count as an emergency," she said. "I figured you'd be bursting by now."
She was surprised to see Andy, but didn't seem upset about him seeing her in her underwear. He wasn't upset about seeing her in her underwear. We followed her into the living room.
Andy sat down, and she came over to me, gave me a hug and a big kiss, then told me to sit down too, as she had something in mind.
She brought us both drinks, then went back off into the kitchen, and threw her bra out into the living room. I heard a hissing noise. She came dancing out of the kitchen with whipped cream foam covering her tits.
She sat on Andy's lap, and pushed her tits into his face. He greedily licked the cream off them. It took him quite a while, and he was pawing at her butt the whole time. They hadn't been allowed to touch the girls at the strip club, but Sue wasn't stopping him.
When he'd got most of the cream off her, and was pretty much just sucking her nipples, Sue got off him. She refilled Andy's drink, and went back to the kitchen.
She threw her panties out, then there was the hissing noise again. She came out topless, having wiped all the cream up, with whipped cream covering her pussy.
She danced over to me, pushing her pussy into my face so I could lick the cream off, which I did with gusto. Andy cheered me on as I worked on trying to get her off, and after a while she pulled my face harder into her pussy and came. She took my hand and danced back to the kitchen and wiped my face and the remaining cream from her, stepped out of her shoes then came back and stood in front of Andy. He finished his drink and put the empty down.
"Take these off me, will you?" she said to him, gesturing at her stockings.
He was more than happy to comply, but by now was struggling to stay conscious. He was feeling her up as he took his time, struggling to unhook her stockings and slide them down her legs.
We agreed it would probably be best to get him home and to bed, so the three of us made our way across the hall, Sue in just her garter belt, and deposited Andy in his bed. Sue said we should undress him. I was fine to just leave him there, but I helped her get his shoes, socks, and jeans off. We managed to pull his shirt off, and she took it upon herself to take his underwear off.
"Hang on," she said with a grin, and went back to my place.
She came back with a tube of lipstick, and did her lips before sucking his soft (but now hardening) dick all the way into her mouth, leaving a kiss mark down by the root. Finally we left the poor guy alone and headed back to my place.
I locked the door, and she told me to sit down in the chair. I did, and she came over gave me a lap dance while she pulled my shirt off over my head, and mashed her tits into my chest. She took off the garter belt, throwing it over her shoulder.
She started working on the buttons of my jeans, and when they were open she pulled them down. I helped her get them past my thighs, and then she pulled them off my legs, leaving me in my socks. She pulled those off so I could join her in being naked.
She went and grabbed the can and sprayed foam cream over my dick and balls, then started licking it off.
As she was finishing up, I pulled her to me, and sprayed a little cream on her mouth, then licked it off. She smiled and took the can, spraying it on her nipples. I licked it off, then took the can from her and sprayed it on the tip of my dick. She picked my dick up, and went down on me, sucking and licking until I came in her mouth.
She started putting her lingerie back on - stockings and garter belt first, then panties and bra. She collected her heels from the kitchen and put them on.
"Gotta go," she said, "Dave's waiting for me. I told him I was going to a club with the girls."
I threw some clothes on and walked her down to her car in her lingerie, and when we got there she got her dress out of the back seat and put it on. She gave me a kiss, got in the car and drove away.