My cousin Tara and I were on a dream holiday. Instead of our previous package breaks we had gone with our parents and my uncle & aunt to a remote island off the coast of Africa. We flew into a tiny airstrip and then were taken on a long rough taxi ride to a crudely built new chalet near the coast on the edge of the untamed jungle.
We were both tomboys and had enjoyed many fun days together as we grew up. Now we had blossomed into sexy virginal teenagers. Tara was curvaceous with fair skin and ample bosoms. When I last saw her nipples they had grown and spread into glorious buds on her breasts. My figure is slimmer and my legs are shapely and brown while my breasts are firm and rounded. They present my nipples straight out. Recently I have noticed how long and stiff they become when I am aroused or cold. We had always been open and close with each other as friends but I only realised how Tara's sexual appetite had blossomed when we had our awakening.
On this day our parents were booked on a tour of the islands ruins. We declined the pleasure and stayed at the chalet. Up till then we had spent out time sunning ourselves and bathing down at the beach or on the veranda. Now we were that bit older our parents trusted us to stay out of trouble and amuse ourselves. During our time there we had seen few locals and they kept their distance. Tara suggested we try something different and a bit adventurous. "Let's explore the jungle!" she said.
She donned a loose fitting cotton dress which flowed around her body. I did the same but dispensed with a bra as it was just us two together. Tara took hers off when she saw me and we giggled about it. We felt safe but tingled with excitement when we set off to explore what was behind the screen of trees and bushes inland.
After an hour of ambling through the forest and glades we came to a rocky outcrop. As we got to the edge we saw a stream flowing into a beautiful rock pool. We scrambled down and flipped off our sandals before paddling in the cool water. Tara had a look of devilment in her eye as she scanned round the trees at the edge. "There's no one here she half whispered to me, Let's swim!" She waded back to the shore and without hesitation slipped out of her dress. Her boobs wobbled as she made her way back to me. "Your turn," she said in a challenging voice.
Tentatively I followed her footsteps and added my dress to hers. The fresh air on my nipples and body was so stimulating and the cool water on my legs sharpened my feeling of naughty arousal. As I rejoined Tara we both looked around and giggled as we waded deeper in. Suddenly the bottom fell away and we were both swimming and splashing.
At times I would glance around but all was still around us so I settled down and enjoyed the thrill of bathing topless. Tara found a rock below the water and rested on it by kneeling. He legs were splayed apart and her skimpy g string rode up into her mons. I could see her pussy lips pushing out either side of the gusset. She had a mischievous air as she beckoned me over. She whispered, "I think we are being watched!"
I covered my breasts for a moment and followed her gaze to the shore. "He is only a boy but handsome at that," she said.
I saw him then, cowering behind a bush and furtively staring at us. He wore only a pair of lightweight shorts. His body was smooth and muscled but not fully developed. His eyes bulged as every so often his hands strayed to his crotch.
"I dare you give him a show," Tara said.
"You go first," I replied. Slowly she stood up on the rock so that her breasts were fully out of the water, shimmering and luscious. She jiggled her body to make them sway. Soon she was standing so her g string was just below the water. I glanced towards the boy. He was transfixed!
"Your turn now Pauline," and Tara lent down to pull me up by my arms. We stood facing each other and rocking slightly. My nipples were standing out like hat pegs. Tara licked her lips, suddenly bending forward to take my left nipple between her lips. I was shocked but the thrill was so strong I let her nibble and bite me for an age. She broke away and smiled before lifting her own tits to me.
Slowly I lent towards her and suckled her soft flesh. Her tiny buds hardened and grew in my mouth. Her head went back with a long moan. As I teased and sucked she moved her hands up to my tits before gripping and twisting them. I began to get giddy with the burning pleasure Tara was giving me.
"Are you ready for the next dare?" she whispered. I gasped but could not refuse. "You are going first this time – its knickers off girl!" With that she grabbed the hem of my flimsy garment and ripped it off me before throwing the remnants towards the boy.
The shock ripped through me like a knife: Stark naked in full view of a horny boy, not to mention my sexed up cousin. "Do it," she hissed so I looked down and found her G string. It parted easily when I tugged it. I threw it away and stared at Tara. I could see the intense rush going through her as we felt the raw thrill of being naked in the water and exposed to our young voyeur.
We held each other and crushed our breasts together. Our hips were just below the surface and the ripples around us washed and tickled our sensitive skin. I could feel my pussy lips puff and my clit hardened in the cool water. I was shaking with excitement and Tara was too.
After a few moments I felt Tara stir and begin to edge both of us along the slope of the rock we were standing on. As we moved I could feel the water dropping down my body, so my hips came out, followed by my mons which I had shaved bare. Tara's black and curly bush was above the water now. She was exposing us slowly but surely and I was powerless to prevent her.
Finally we stood with the water at our ankles and our naked bodies completely on show. We still faced each other and were hugging each other so our young and aroused voyeur could only see our nudity from the side. Tara had continued to twist and roll my nipples so I remained on the edge of ecstasy. One of her hands snaked its way down my flat tummy, making me squirm as it found a path to my thighs.
At the same time she pushed my head slowly down from her heavy breasts towards her crotch. I continued to nibble her skin as my lips approached her thick bush. She shuffled her legs apart and pushed me down further. My arms were around her waist and my hands clasped her buttocks. I was bent over now with my ass pushing out into the air, in full view.
Tara very slowly rotated us so that my ass was pointing straight at our handsome voyeur. Her hand slowly stroked up my inner thigh until her index finger rested on my pussy lips which were puffed up and ready to part at the merest touch. No one had ever touched me there before and I was beside myself with anticipation.
My tongue pushed out and as my head was pushed down I found Tara's sex nestling in her protective bush. I could feel her heat and wetness. I probed and tongued. Her pussy exploded and her juices smeared my face. Her aroma was intoxicating and I lapped harder. Her clit popped out and I knew I was at her sexual epicentre. I could feel her legs buckle as I sucked and nibbled her bud.
When my tongue tired I rested a moment. Her finger still rested on my pussy lips. A light pressure and Tara pushed into my slippery slit. A great swell of raw sexual arousal swept up from between my legs. I had never felt anything like it and I had to cling to Tara's hips to stop falling.
She gently sawed her finger back and forth into my inner lips and over my clit. My legs started to quiver and my tummy fluttered with her glorious invasion. I could feel my juices flowing over her digit, easing her movements.
I resumed my tonguing of her soft pink slit whilst moving my hands down her ass to penetrate her opening. Soon I had 2 fingers in her and moved them around the walls of her love tunnel. She moaned and thrashed. I could feel her begin to climb to a higher plane of pleasure.
Her vaginal muscles were trembling as I ploughed her furrow with my finger tips. Meanwhile she had moved her hands behind me and was pulling my buttocks apart, exposing my vagina and asshole completely for our young boy to feast his eyes on. Her fingers splayed my pussy lips apart until my fanny was completely open.
I felt so raw and dirty knowing I was completely exposed and vulnerable, yet so turned on I could never stop. I longed for release and Tara obliged by driving her chubby fingers knuckle deep into me. I nearly lost control as I copied her actions on her sex.
Suddenly Tara wailed, shuddered and collapsed into the water. I had given her that first, so memorable orgasm in the most erotic setting I could imagine. I could feel my own orgasm on the brink but Tara could not continue and I was left with a deep ache amongst the buzz of my sexual arousal.
We lay in the water, supported by the rock and still beautifully exposed.. I glanced around. Our friend was still there, just behind a bush with a tree behind him. Our dresses lay on the shore to his right with a bluff of rock between them and his hiding place. Tara recovered after a few minutes and said, "I dare you to go up to him."
She might have guessed that that idea was already forming in my mind. My unsatisfied sexual release was driving me crazy. I so wanted to see the effect my naked display had had on our friend. Above all I wanted to see my first erect cock, especially a black one. I knew this boy was magnificent and I imagined his beautiful phallus revealed to me.
I looked at the shore and swam briskly to our clothes. I picked up my dress and dropped it over my head and shoulders. My wet body made it cling and I was aware of my naked tingling pussy barely concealed by my cotton dress. I took a deep breath and strolled round the bluff of rock towards the spot where our friend was. I could hear Tara swimming over and felt emboldened knowing she would be on hand if he panicked.
Slowly I walked around until I could see his lair. He was still there! His hand was moving steadily up and down his trousers which did nothing to conceal his hard cock. I licked my lips as I approached him. My footsteps made him look up and I fixed him with my gaze, smiling as I did so. I moved to within a few feet as he dropped his hands to his side.
I was afraid he would run so I gestured with my hands to show he was OK. At the same time I opened my stance so that my left leg struck a sexy pose with my dress riding up over my thigh. A breeze fluttered the light cloth and the sunlight poured through so I knew he could see the outline of my sexy body scarcely hidden.
I gestured for him to rise and stand facing me. I smiled and grasped the hem of my dress, gently lifting it a few inches in a suggestive way. I cocked one eyebrow and looked him in the eye. His cock was standing straight out so his shorts hung like a flag suspended from it. I guessed it was longer than average but my experience till then was limited to looking at a few pictures. Being confronted by a real boy fully equipped was a dream starting to come true.
I could see that Tara had moved to a position behind him in case he ran but was leaving the field to me. I moved my hands to my hips and tried to gesture that I wanted him to drop his shorts. To encourage him I lifted my hem still further up my thighs and swayed my hips provocatively. He cottoned on to my meaning and tentatively moved his hands to his waist band.
Another hitch of my dress convinced him to ease his shorts down until I could see the top of his curly bush appearing. I hitched again and a gust caused my dress to billow out, giving him a glimpse of my bare and sopping wet pussy.
Tara had moved closer and suddenly slipped her dress off her shoulders, letting it drop to stand naked only a yard behind him. Not to be out done I lifted my dress clean over my head and stepped forward. Tara had dived forward and in one clean move pulled his shorts to his feet before grasping him around his waist.
She pulled herself forward to embrace his back with her body. I smothered his chest so that we sandwiched him between our damp naked bodies. As I hugged him I could feel his hard cock pushing into my tummy above my navel. Another rush cut through me as I relished the prospect of real sex with a male.
I looked into his eyes and put my hand gently to his cheek. I kissed him briefly on the lips before planting kisses over his chest, moving to his tiny man nipples. Tara was kissing his back and was snaking one hand down to the root of his cock.
I moved back and her hand curled round his beautiful member before sliding gently up to his hooded tip. He shuddered and gasped in pleasure. I massaged his balls which hung low in a silky smooth sack. He lifted his hands and started to twist my nipples, copying what he had seen Tara doing. He was rough but somehow that was good now; my body was buzzing with hormones.
Tara and I went on touching and kissing every part of his body. She knelt down behind him and started to tongue between his smooth, coffee coloured ass cheeks. She sucked his balls into her mouth, making him groan continuously.
I just had to taste his cock. I started with my tongue at his base and slowly licked up his slender cock until I reached his bulb head. I pulled his foreskin down and his bright pink cock head burst out, contrasting with the dark brown smooth skin wrapping his stiff member. My lips engulfed him and I tasted the tangy, bitter flavour of his pre-cum. I knew I should be gentle as I could feel his hips bucking and his legs trembling.
Tara pulled his shoulders gently to the ground so he lay on his back. His cock rested along his flat tummy, well past his navel. She swivelled her crotch over his chest, pinning his upper body to the ground. Gently she shuffled up to his face, her juicy pussy an inch from his lips. Her thighs tensed and she lifted her clit over his lips before grinding it over their rubbery surface.
Gradually he responded, pushing his tongue out and finding the nub of her little button. As she thrashed around I straddled his groin and grasped his cock. I paused for a moment and then told myself this was the moment! When else would an eighteen year old get the chance to be deflowered in such a beautiful way?
I raised my crotch up until I could rub his pink head over my intimate lips. When I had him at my entrance I eased my thighs down and his cock slid like a dream into parts of me no one had ever touched. I braced myself as his tip approached my hymen, moving slowly up again and savouring the silky warmth of his cock as it set my senses on fire.
I gently bobbed up and down several times as my tunnel walls lubricated and stretched to the pressure of his cock. By now I was in ecstasy and past caring what ripping my hymen would feel like. I lifted up again and then let my thigh muscles release. My body dropped and his cock speared into my deepest parts. I felt a stab of pain but it was lost in the huge surge of pleasure coursing from every part of my sex.
I let out a loud wail. Tara turned and exclaimed, "My god, your actually fucking him!" With my mons resting on his pubic bone, I squirmed around, savouring the feeling of his long cock slipping over my sensitive inner parts.
Tara lifted off our boy so I could see the look of pure pleasure on his face, covered in Tara's juices. She moved round to face me, smiling as I continued to moan out my feelings. Our boy started to push up with increasing force each time I raised my body. Tara squeezed one of my nipples, sharpening the almost painful intensity of the buzz going through me. Then she moved her other hand down and placed a finger on my clit. "Enjoy this," she whispered.
My body exploded and I lost control of my limbs, like an electric shock. My head reeled and span as I had the mother of all orgasms. My excitement cast its spell on our boy and he pushed me up on his pelvis as he thrust with all his might into me. I heard his mighty gasp at the moment my insides were flooded with his hot sperm. Another series of spasms swept over me before I collapsed down over him.
Our groins rested, trapping a sticky spread of my juices and his cum leaking down past his slackening cock. Tara kissed me gently on the lips and emitted a low whistle of appreciation.
As my ecstasy subsided I felt naked and exposed again. I was sure Tara would be impatient to lose her cherry too so I stated to dismount. She was attending to our boy, making sure he didn't run away by smothering him with her breasts.
I glanced up and the sight in front of me made my heart miss several beats. In the glade beyond us were 4 older youths. They stared at me with steely lust in their eyes. What really got my attention was that they were stark naked and erect. So erect their cocks pointed straight up and their balls dangled in long sacks below. I knew then our adventure had only just started.
To be continued in Part 2