Pooja and I were climbing to the terrace, she was wearing a tight pair of jeans and a top and over that a hooded jacket and a flat pair of slippers. I wore only a towel around my waist, nothing else! I was leading her up the ladder and she following my lead would have small and quick glances of my gadgets beneath the towel. She even tried to remove my towel.
"Wait darling, there's time for that."
We reached the terrace; it was surrounded by flats on all sides. There was to one corner a horizontal metal cross bar which was higher than I could stretch even with my hands lifted up. I called Pooja to come near it and I jumped and held on to the cross bar so as to suspend myself. Pooja stood in front of me, eyes looking at the bulge protruding from the towel.
"Go ahead..."
And with one swift pull she stripped me off my only piece of clothing leaving me hanging naked for the whole neighbourhood to see. But I didn't bother if anyone saw me; in fact I wanted someone to see me. My erection was uncontrollable and Pooja was excited. She was about to kiss my dick when she noticed someone coming.
"Quick, there's someone there."
"No I'll be here you go hide near that water tank."
"They'll see you and you'll be in trouble."
"Let them see, you hide and don't get caught!"
Pooja hide while I hung naked and suspended from the metal cross bar sporting my massive erection. The "someone" coming was actually two ladies. The moment they saw me they exclaimed in awe!
"Shit, what is he doing?"
"He's completely naked!"
"This is amazing"
"Well I'm feeling dizzy!"
"Wait let me take a pic of him."
"Isn't he Jessy's nephew?"
"Yes he is, see how shameless he is. We better tell Jessy about his behaviour what if our daughters had seen him?"
"Yes we better tell her, have you taken the pics?"
"Yup, here have a look."
I loved it when the aunties were shocked and continued to take pics of me while I hung naked for them. After a couple of minutes they went down to inform my aunt. Meanwhile I called Pooja to finish her task, I told her to pull up her hood and cover her head and part of her face least anyone would notice her. As I hung my arms were now starting to ache. Pooja stepped closer her lips near my pink dickhead and she pulled back my foreskin so that the whole of my dickhead was visible. She slowly placed her luscious lips on my dickhead. The feeling was out of this world. Looking around I noticed several of my neighbours watching my orgy and my state of utter shamelessness. She then kissed my dickhead gently and gave it a slow lick. She then proceeded to lick my stiff shaft. This was extraordinary, never had I imagined that Pooja would give me a blowjob that too on my terrace while I was hanging naked and the neighbours watched. The licking continued until she was able to encompass the whole of my dick inside her mouth. She then kissed my balls. I was now mourning with pleasure, I wanted to release my load of cum but I was controlling myself. Too much of pleasure! I needed to release my cum but we both heard the sound of leather striking human flesh. It was my aunt Jessy!
"What is going on here?"
"Nothing auntie, we were just..."
"Just what? Planning to have sex? I know there's nothing, no clothes, no shame...Who is she anyway?"
"She's my friend, Pooja!"
"She's your friend or...?"
"Auntie she's my friend and it's not her fault, I seduced her!"
Pooja felt bad and hide her face with the hood. But I, shameless as I was continued to hang from the cross bar, naked and exposed for everyone to see.
"Now Pooja will you please continue your task while I teach my shameless nephew a lesson."
"You mean...?"
"Yes continue the blowjob..."
Pooja though scared and reluctant resumed licking and sucking my dick and balls. My aunt struck my bum with my leather belt. The pain was horrendous, but the pleasure of being sucked off in public was equally enthralling, now the neighbours were full on watching and recording the orgy cum punishment that was unravelled in front of them. The whipping continued until there were ten strips across my bum, thighs and legs. Pooja also stopped as pre cum was oozing out of my cum-filled dick. My aunt now ordered me to kneel on one of the stone benches and asked me to jerk off while she continued whipping me on my back and legs. In few seconds I released a thick load of white cum that landed about a half a metre away. Not only had I released my cum, but my aunt now had taken out my shame in front of the whole neighbourhood. Things would never be the same again for me in front of my neighbours. Or would it?