Barbara was still frozen, lying back, legs spread wide. 'Fuck Me' and 'Wet Cunt' was proudly emblazoned on her inner thighs.
"What... what is this?" Tim stuttered. Barbara glanced at me. This wasn't at all what she had planned. The other three had stopped approaching her and all were awaiting some confirmation or pointer in what to do next.
Barbara had a stark choice. Her slutty alter-ego was revealed to Tim now, that genie wasn't going back in the bottle. Who knows who he would tell? She may soon be having to consider new career choices. But, she seemed to decide, what she did next wouldn't make the slightest difference to that. She'd fucked three strangers last night, the evidence was all around them. So why not add a few more?
Still completely spread and exposed, her hand slid down between her legs.
"This, Tim," she smiled seductively, "is exactly what it looks like. I'm not a teacher twenty-four-seven. And when I'm not at work, this is what I like to do."
The truth, she'd decided, was the only option. What else could she do? Rising to her feet, she approached Tim. She was going to have to grab the bull by the horns.
"You were too young to think about it, back then. But imagine knowing you've had Miss Stainthorpe's lips wrapped around your cock? Or that hard dick pushed deep up inside me? It's a bit weird, sure. But also, kind of hot, no?"
She kissed him again, and he didn't object. So, she slid down his body and released his penis. Any thoughts that he wasn't into this were immediately blown away with the enthusiasm with which his cock sprang free of his briefs. Babs admired Tim's large, thick length.
"Timothy Cartwright!" She gasped, beaming up at him in delight. "That is a lovely cock! You are a big boy now, aren't you?" Tim's dick was of average length but was almost the thickness of a drink can. She was almost giggling with happiness and anticipation as she lifted it, pulled it to one side and the other, admiring its unusual girth.
Tim's expression had changed from doubt to lust, and he was gently thrusting towards Barbara's mouth. She managed to stuff a little more than the end in her mouth, but there was no chance her throat would be able to squeeze that monster down.
The other three lads who had already enjoyed my girlfriend the previous night were now up and about, and soon Barbara was delighted to be surrounded by seven eager, horny and hard young men. I'd not even thought about taking any pictures the previous night, but made up for it this morning, capturing Barbara's sheer animal desire as she dealt with all of their cocks.
"Oh Jesus, Dan. Seven hard cocks, all for me!" she grinned as all of the dicks surrounded her, either being masturbated by their owners or by Barbara. I captured this as a short video clip which I mischievously sent to Julia -- I knew she'd appreciate it.
'OMG!' came her almost immediate reply. 'Go Babs! When was this?'
'Happening right now' I replied with a devil's face.
'WTF! Early start? Or a late finish?'
'Bit of both. I'm sure Babs will ring you later to fill you in!'
'She'd better do! Keep me posted! X o X o X'
I thought of the lovely Julia, probably now masturbating having been woken up by the sight of her good friend enjoying seven cocks first thing in the morning. Babs was now leaning back on her elbows on the bed and inviting Tim to slide inside her.
"Come on Tim. You first. It's only fair, it much have been a proper shock to see me like this. But not a bad surprise I hope, all things told?"
Tim seemed to have come to terms with the situation, for the time being anyway. His former teacher smiled up at him as he began nudging that fat dick at her welcoming entrance.
"Mmmm that's it, Tim. Don't be shy. I want you to stretch me. You'll find I'm nice and wet inside." Tim pushed and found the little pot of moisture, which he spread around Barbara's lips, easing a little more inside next thrust.
"Oh god!" Babs breathed. "I've had two cocks at once before and they didn't fill me like this!"
The reminder of just what a slut they were dealing with increased the urgency of the group and Babs found herself inundated with hard young penises. The thick meat of Tim was her main concern right now, although she gamely continued to stimulate any penis that found its way into her hands or mouth.
"FUCK! Tim!" she screamed as he built up a rhythm. "Jesus, that feels fucking incredible!" She was climaxing on his thick cock within a few minutes. I laughed to myself, wondering what was going through his head. The last interaction he'd had with my girlfriend, she might have been marking his work. Right now, he was definitely getting an A+!
"Oh CHRIST YES!" She continued, thrashing around as Tim continued pounding into her. Just as she started to regain some control, Tim pulled out and begam firing stream after thick, slimy stream of white cum all over her stomach and tits.
This was the signal for the boys to start to use her, just as they had last night. Where previously there were three, now there were six, as Tim had sat down to watch his old teacher getting thoroughly fucked by half of his football team.
Barbara opened her mouth and accepted each and any cock deep into her throat. Her technique borrowed something from the hours of footage of Julia taking any number of dicks, and the boys more than appreciated it. It was too much for two of them, who gratefully shot right to the back of her throat, then watched in amazement as she hungrily ate it all up.
The sight of my girlfriend's insatiable desire for sperm pushed them further, and soon she was howling with delight as the same two guys who'd squeezed into her two holes last night repeated the feat, testing her capabilities to the full once more with a penis insider anus and vagina simultaneously.
A couple more loads were shot into Babs' face as she arched her back, her whole weight taken by the boy underneath her who was filling her anus nicely. He was mostly motionless, but his friend was hammering into her, and she was beside herself, totally lost to her most base desires.
Both cocks inside her started to twitch at the same time, and she enjoyed the narrative from the boys as she continued to demonstrate her prowess.
"I never believed this stuff could happen outside of a porn film..." one started. Barbara was begging to be filled with their cum, her face already dripping with sperm.
"I know, right? This one is such a complete slut. She's up for absolutely anything! Tim, I can't believe she was your fucking teacher bro!"
Tim couldn't believe it either and he decided there was just enough time to plunge his thick cock back inside, the show his teacher had put on for the last half an hour being enough to get him solid again.
Her cunt offered much less resistance, now it was stretched by his friends and lubricated with sperm. Tim smashed into her for a few minutes, but this wasn't enough for him. I saw a look of delighted shock appear on Barbara's face as he moistened this tip of his monster and cock began to push and strain against her anus.
Her tight hole had been stretched already, but I doubted if there was any way she'd be able to take Tim's girth. I fully expected her to push him away, for fear of him tearing her in half. Amazingly though, she began pushing back, encouraging that monster inside her asshole. The whole room watched on in awe, willing the thick meat inside, and it obliged, disappearing more with each gentle thrust.
One of the boys handed Tim something that looked like baby oil, and he drizzled some around her hole. This accelerated proceedings and finally, and unbelievably, the whole length was inside her. Babs was on her back and had been watching the cock slowly disappear inside her as intently as the rest of us.
Just then one of the boy's phones went off.
"Yeas, sure Colin. We're just getting our stuff together; we'll be down in five." It was their coach, there was a minibus waiting downstairs to take them to their game. Appreciating that Tim would like the chance to enjoy the fruits of his labour, the lads gathered their stuff together and left him to it.
Telling him that they'd stall as long as they could, they closed the door behind them. Tim was now fucking Babs quite firmly. Her face was contorted in pain, but she begged him to keep going.
"Oh yes Tim! That's an amazing cock you've got, you are going to make a lot of girls very happy. I bet you never thought you'd be fucking Miss Stainthorpe up the arse though, did you? Do you like fucking me? Do you like my tight ass?"
Tim was banging into her without mercy now. The pain Babs had been feeling looked to have transcended into ecstasy now.
"That's it. Treat me like what I am. What did your friends write on me? It's true, all of it. I'm a total cock slave, a cum slut. I can't help myself. Are you going to tell everyone about me, Tim? All of your friends, your parents? Tell them how easily I open my legs for anyone who wants me?"
Tim couldn't hold back now and began pumping deep up inside Barbara's bowels.
"Fucking hell. You are such a fucking whore Miss Stainthorpe! What a dirty fucking little whore! You fucking love it don't you?"
"Oh fuck yes Tim. That's it! I am a filthy fucking whore, a piece of fuck meat for you and your friends. But I'm better than a whore, because I don't cost a penny!"
Tim pulled out and went straight to the bathroom, presumably to wash his cock. Turning for one last look at his teacher, spread open, sperm seeping from all her orifices and coating her face, degrading comments scrawled all over her perfect body, he left without another word.
"Don't move!" I ordered her. This was a scene for the ages. I took pictures of her from every angle, explaining to her just how much the random guys she picked up were going to love this. The thought set her off again and soon she was masturbating. I switched to video and started recording.
"Jesus, Babs. Look at the state of you! I knew you loved cock, but that was something else. Tell the camera what you just did."
Babs propped herself up on one elbow to face the camera. The other hand was firmly and steadily pumping three fingers in and out of her destroyed vagina.
"I just picked up three strange guys in a bar and spent the night letting them fuck me any way they wanted. Then they invited four of their friends to join in, so I had seven hard cocks this morning, all to myself."
She threw her head back, letting the feelings of exultation, lust, excitement and shame wash over her. Her fingering increased in pace.
"One of them...Oh fuck! My cunt has two loads of cum still dripping out of me, look!" I made sure the camera recorded Babs' cum-covered fingers withdrawing, closely followed by a little stream of a mixture of the boy's cum. She made a show of licking and sucking it off each finger, eyes fixed to the camera the whole time.
"One of them used to be a pupil in my class, years ago. He's just eighteen now -- twelve years younger than me. He's the only name I can remember. The other six were just random cocks. And I fucking loved it."
"What did they do to you?" This was gold. My cock was out, and I was wanking firmly and slowly at the sight of Babs recalling her totally unacceptable behaviour of the past twelve hours.
"The did anything and everything they wanted. Which was everything I wanted. They fucked my cunt, fucked my face, fucked my arsehole. Again and again. They filled me up with their lovely hard cocks. And they gave me load after load of their delicious hot spunk, in my mouth, in my face, inside me, all over me."
"Are you satisfied now?"
"I will never be fucking satisfied. I love cock too much. I'm ready to do it all again, right now. I hope Tim gathers all his friends together, all the guys I used to teach, I'd love to line them up and suck them off, one after the other. Let them enjoy Miss Stainthorpe, see what their teacher really likes. Oh fuck!"
She was bucking against her hand. She'd slipped a fourth finger in, and her cunt was desperately thrusting back. I panned away from this incredible scene and zoomed in on her face as her orgasm took over.
"Oh, fucking yes! I fucking love it so much!" she breathed, her eyes rolling back into her head for a moment. I chose this time to unload in her face, still shining in some places with the cum of at least two of the young men. This fresh onslaught coated her forehead, nose and both eyes completely, I'd build up quite an impressive load watching Babs in action.
"That's what I deserve," she giggled, just about opening one eye. "That's what a good slut deserves isn't it? Cum in my face, cum all over me. That's what I like. That's what I'm fucking for. A sperm target, a semen receptable."
This was said with a satisfaction and acceptance which told me she truly meant this; she believed it one hundred percent.
The video I'd taken was swiftly sent to Julia, and I spent the journey home listening to Babs explaining to her in graphic detail about her fun evening away. The pride and enthusiasm with which she recounted just how far she'd fallen was incredible. I couldn't hear Julia, but I got the feeling she was equally impressed.
The girls were still on the phone when we got home an hour later, and I showered and dozed off on the couch, leaving them to it.
The following week was back to work time, back to reality. Babs was due back on the Wednesday, rather than the Tuesday which was the second of January. We'd spent a low-key new year with Babs' family, and I'd again enjoyed perving over her two sisters and mother, who I'd begun to think enjoyed it as much as I did.
I'd expected Babs to show some reticence, or some trepidation about her former pupil sharing his discovery of exactly what his former teacher and now headmistress at his old school liked to do in her spare time. But far from it -- she actually seemed to be revelling in it. Each time we fucked, which was often, she'd recount exactly what had happened and would visibly melt with pleasure when I reminded her how much of a slut she'd been for Tim and his friends.
Barbara had spoken to Julia at length on the Monday, New Year's Day, but hadn't told me much about the conversation. I had no idea that the plan she had would blow anything that had happened up to now completely out of the water.
On the Tuesday evening Babs was due to go into the school. It was the quarterly meeting with the governors, parent representatives and some big-wigs from the education authority.
Not long after mid-day, Babs had called me into the living room. She had an expression which I'd seen before, any time she'd done some unlikely slutty thing or other. But this time it was multiplied by about one hundred.
"What," I said straight away, knowing something was up.
"I've done something bad," she smiled. "Really bad."
She handed me her phone. It was a Twitter post. Above a video clip was a few sentences which sent me reeling.
'Primary school headmistress outed as a nymphomaniac. Hear her explain just how much she craves sex and watch her in action. 100% real. #Headmistressslut #Slutrevealed #Nymphoteacher #mmmmmmmf #Gangbang #NSFW #BarbaraStainthorpe'
I looked at Babs and she nodded at the phone, grinning and gesturing for me to continue. I played the clip.
Babs had done some editing of the footage I'd recorded last week. Against a heading of 'Barbara Stainthorpe -- Slut!' a picture of her sitting, businesslike, at her desk from the school's website faded. It was replaced by the snap I took of her delighted smile, pretty face surrounded by seven cocks. This cut to a clip of her taking three cocks inside her at once, one in each hole. This quickly transitioned to one of her receiving two loads of cum in her face at once.
The clip lasted only ninety seconds, but Barbara managed to cram into it a huge range of pictures and clips. The last forty seconds' footage Babs simply looking into the camera explaining exactly what she was, with the words 'Cum Slut' written across her forehead and cheeks.
"I had seven hard cocks this morning, all to myself."
"One of them used to be a pupil in my class!"
"They fucked my cunt, fucked my face, fucked my arsehole!"
"They gave me load after load of their delicious, hot and filthy spunk, in my mouth, in my face, inside me, all over me."
"I'd love to line them up and suck them off, one after the other. Let them enjoy Miss Stainthorpe, see what their teacher really likes!"
"I will never be fucking satisfied. I love cock too much!"
"Cum in my face, cum all over me. That's what I like. That's what I'm fucking for. A sperm target, a semen receptable!"
The last quote was delivered as she was drenched in my cum and the residue of two other loads still evident on her face. Her expression showed nothing other than pride in herself and happiness with the situation she was in.
I was hard, I couldn't help it. But I was also dumbfounded. Barbara had ended her career, the second she'd posted that video. I immediately began picturing my office on Monday morning. Most of my colleagues had met Barbara by now (not all as intimately as Darren), so this would get tongues wagging, to say the least.
"What the fuck!" was all I could manage. Babs giggled.
"I know, right? I've been thinking about it ever since that night with Tim and his mates. It's just a matter of time now until it comes out. At least this way I have a little control."
"Control? Is that what you call it? Out of control more like!"
Despite the fact I was rock hard, I was also more than annoyed.
"Didn't you think to maybe just run it past me? This affects me too, you know?"
Babs put on a little sulky expression. Her hand found my cock which, despite my indignance, hadn't lost any hardness at all.
"I'm sure I can cheer you up," she grinned, sliding to the floor and nuzzling her face between my legs. I didn't resist -- what was the point? I might as well get a blowjob out of this. I sat and watched Barbara's masterpiece of cinematography on repeat as she worked my cock expertly. She was good - way better than she'd been only a few weeks earlier. And I guessed that was not surprising, given the amount of practice she'd had.
I came in her mouth just as she was again explaining to me and to the world that she was a semen receptacle.
The timing was not accidental. Tonight, Barbara was meeting with the people who could make or break her career. Even without asking her I knew exactly what she was doing. Ever since that first accidental flash to Darren, she'd craved exposure.
That initial, innocent fun had spiralled and degenerated almost daily into what she was today. An utter attention junkie. I still harboured admiration for her, desire and a huge amount of affection. At one time I thought I may have loved her, and she me. But right now, I felt like there was only one thing she loved -- cock.
I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach as I realised what was coming, and what I had to do.
The post on social media had been deleted, as Barbara knew very well it would be. The 'accidental' release of her 'stolen sex tape' as it had been termed, violated more than one policy. But it was up for long enough for copies to have been made, and they proliferated over various other media and apps. Barbara knew very well that by the time of her school council meeting this evening, everyone would have seen it.
I accompanied her out of curiosity more than anything. I knew it was going to be eventful. When we walked into the room every head turned. I'd attended these meetings before, and whilst parents and were always made aware and invited, they'd rarely bother to come.
Tonight was standing room only, literally. There must have been over three hundred people crammed into the small hall. Far from being intimidated by this, Barbara seemed delighted, turning to me with a quick grin and kiss before putting her game face on to face the crowd.
abs chose to behave as if nothing had happened. As soon as she had entered a hush had immediately descended on the room, with only the odd cough breaking the silence. I noticed the panel who sat behind her looking at each other slightly nervously as approached the lectern and smiled at the crowd.
It was less than a minute into her speech about the budget plans for the coming term when a parent, who had up to now been waving her hand in the air, stood and made her voice known.
"Excuse me, Miss Stainthorpe. I had assumed you'd have something to say about what's been going on today?"
Barbara paused and looked down at her feet for a few seconds, as if gathering her thoughts.
"I had hoped this would be a professional meeting, Mrs Cleese. I fail to see what the material that's been circulating today has to do with how best to spend our budget for next term?"
"Don't give me that, and don't' act the innocent! We've all seen what you like to get up to. And don't try to make out that it doesn't affect your work, I saw what you said about lining up your pupils -- it's absolutely disgusting!"
"I was, as you must know, referring to consenting adults. I've done nothing illegal, and I can't see any reason it would affect my job! If you don't mind, I'd like to focus on where our budget can be best used to..."
"Are you serious?" another woman joined in. "OK, consenting adults, it's not hard to get a man to consent to the things you like to do, is it? What kind of message does it give when the headmistress of a school thinks it's OK to... to do all those things you were talking about?"
"I'll remind you that I had no part in the release of this stuff," she lied. "It wasn't my plan for people to see what I... to see any of that material!" She turned to look directly at me and, just for a split second, I saw a glint of delight flash across her face. This was precisely her plan, and she was loving it.
I had edged to one side of the room. I did not share Barbara's predilection for exposure and attention. I recognised many people in the crowd, some I knew would be truly disgusted by my girlfriend's activities.
Others, comfortably the largest number, were here purely for the entertainment value. It's not every day you get to watch an address from the local headmistress on the same day that hardcore material of her being gangbanged by seven men emerges.
My thoughts at the moment were torn between a similar fascination with this car crash of a speech, and the recognition that the next time I went into the office, or met my friends, the subject of conversation could only possibly be my slutty girlfriend. How the hell was I going to deal with that?
"Planned or not, it's out now. I can't see any way we can, in good faith, continue with you in position as a leader of this school. Your position is absolutely untenable!"
"I'm sorry but I reject that. Any one of you in this room may have done exactly what I've done, maybe things much worse. My only crime is that some nefarious character managed to get hold of my private stuff and decide to try to ruin me. But that's only possible if you all let them!"
I knew as well as Barbara did that there was no winning this battle. But I also knew that, behind the wronged and pleading exterior, inside she was burning with the thrill of having her character dissected by the very last people any sane human being would want to be involved. I knew she'd be dripping wet. Her desire for exposure, for public shaming had grown too strong.
"Anyone in this room! You have got to be kidding me! I've never heard another human being come out with half of the disgusting things you were saying. And we saw it all, everything you did! Seven young men! Seven! In one night! I doubt most of us in this room have had seven sexual partners in our lives! And you still haven't shown an ounce of shame -- you seem quite proud of yourself to me!"
"Well, I'm sorry, again, that's your opinion. And yes, I can't hide from the facts. But I fail to see how..."
Barbara was interrupted by one of the local education authority, who pulled her away from the microphone and talked to her, an agitated expression on his face. Barbara came back at him, and the two had what seemed to be a heated discussion. Barbara pulled away from his weak grip and grabbed the microphone again.
"Well, it seems like you are going to get your way. I'm sorry, I really am. Not for anything I've done, but that, in this day and age, so many of you are so repressed that you find it OK to hound me out because you disagree with things I like to do in my personal life, which don't interest the law and are of no consequence to my ability to do my job.
"I know you've all seen it; I can't change that. But I've worked with some of you for many years, and we've achieved a lot together. I hope you all know that if the situation was reversed, and one of you had been put in this position, you'd get nothing but support from me!"
The most vocal of the women in the crowd, Mrs Cleese, snorted.
"It sounds reasonable enough when you put it like that, Miss Stainthorpe. But I'd put my house on the fact that not a single person in this room could possibly be in your position. Because none of us are, like you, a slut!" A little ripple of shock, tension and the odd giggle drifted over the room.
"You heard me! She's probably the dictionary definition -- what else do you call a woman who does what she's done? We've all heard it from her own mouth! Not just what she likes, it's what she's for! She said it! Not me! This woman believes her sole purpose in life is to be the willing object of attention for any man who fancies a turn! Find me a bigger slut than this, I challenge you!"
Now the whispers and murmurs had boiled over. Mrs Cleese received several backing voices, shouting things like 'Nothing but a cheap tart!' 'Not fit for your job!' 'She's a total whore!'.
Interestingly, there did also seem to be some voices backing Babs, and the vitriol turned inwards, until some of the shouting matches were fragmented and split into little pockets all over the hall. Most of the eyes were still fixed on the lectern, though, where my girlfriend stood silently, simply watching and listening to the havoc she'd created.
I knew, and this would have incensed her detractors even further, that this was getting her off. I'd seen how much the thrill of exposure sent her completely off the rails with ill-conceived desires and completely inappropriate behaviour. This had been building for some time.
The little thrills and the buzz she felt when Darren got a flash of her tits that evening in the pub had led to bigger and bigger hits, just like my heroin addict analogy which we'd both dismissed only a few weeks ago. But, just like she'd said, unlike the heroin addict she wasn't experiencing a diminishing return with each hit. She was experiencing pleasure which appeared to be increasing directly in line with the outrageousness of her behaviour.
Today was about as outrageous as possible, and so her excitement was off he charts. I could see it in her face.
Watching her breathe, her chest rising and falling, the flush in her cheeks and chest and the goose pimples on her arms, I recognised a Barbara who was on the verge of an orgasm. Was this even possible? The furore which her self-inflicted scandal had raised, the disgust and shame it had brought upon her, appeared to be pushing her to a climax.
Yes, it was clear now in the way she was shifting her weight from one foot to the next. I half-expected her to start masturbating, right there and then. With this in mind I thought it wise to usher her off stage. I shut myself off to the cat calling and abuse and grabbed her hand, leading her quickly down the side steps and out of a fire exit, the heavy door slamming behind us and leaving us in relative silence in the back lane.
I tried to pull Babs towards our car, parked only a few metres away. But Babs resisted. She ghosted around me and I found myself engulfed in her, both arms wrapped around my shoulders and one leg hooked around my thighs.
"Dan, I fucking did it! They all know now, everyone!" She said it like she had won an Olympic medal. "Oh Jesus, it feels so amazing. Dan. All of those eyes on me, all of them watched that video. Christ, I need something, right now. I need a release!" She pulled my hand to her crotch. The material became sodden immediately. She was utterly soaked.
At that time, I was completely conflicted. She hadn't discussed her ridiculous plan with me, as I would have prevented it -- I knew this, and she knew it. I felt totally within my rights to just walk away and leave her there to take the consequences of her actions. Why should I be dragged down with her?
But on the other hand, her cunt was soaking, and her eyes hadn't changed. They looked as beautiful and loving as the first day I kissed her, or when she'd moved in, and I'd watched her filling the wardrobe with her huge range of skimpy outfits.
I'd made up my mind that we had to break up. Everything we'd done was incredible, but it wasn't sustainable. My long-term girlfriend would fuck anything with a cock. That's not normal. It had been fun while it lasted, but I had to move on now.
But those eyes. They told me that she was mine. I could do anything I wanted to her, with her, whenever I chose. I'd never seen that look in her eyes for anyone but me. For the other men she was a vixen, a panther. For me she was an angel, a delicate, beautiful flower. And that wet cunt...
Was I that shallow? Perhaps I was. But I allowed her hand to continue rubbing the front of my trousers, feeling my cock which was, predictably, like iron whilst I considered what to do next.
"I guess I shouldn't have expected anything else!"
The strange voice came from the side of us. We were slightly concealed in the bay of the fire exit, but it wasn't difficult to locate us, if you'd seen us heading for the fire exit.
I looked to my left and Barbara to her right. Her hand didn't stop rubbing my cock but I withdrew from under her dress, my hand shiny with her juice and suddenly cold in the night air.
"Sorry! But if I were you, I really wouldn't recommend hanging around here. I'm glad you are here though -- I wanted to apologise."
I looked at Babs, who shrugged. We turned back to the stranger. He was probably in his fifties, and had a kind face, a well-kept beard and was slightly taller than me, so about six foot tall.
"For my wife," he continued. "She's the main instigator, in there."
"Mrs Cleese?" Babs questioned.
"Yes, quite. I'm Mark. Mark Cleese -- obviously!"
"Obviously!" Babs grinned back. Her hand was still firmly fixed to my crotch, ensuring my erection did not subside.
"She's quite the prude, Mary," Mark sighed wistfully. "Takes a great deal of pleasure in looking down on what others like to do and making judgements. But I can assure you that she's far from perfect, in that regard."
"You don't say," Babs smiled.
"I do!" he smiled back. "If I told you I've not had sex with my wife since the birth our last child..."
"Lucas?" Babs said immediately.
"Yes, Lucas, of course, you know him. He's ten now."
"What? So, you've not had sex for ten years?"
"Not with Mary, no," he said slowly. "But I do allow myself a little indulgence. Twice a year I visit a nice girl in town, and she's worth every penny."
"Oh Mark!" Babs said, with genuine sympathy.
"Yes. But anyway, all I wanted to say, was that I have absolutely no problem with you. Unfortunately, though, I'm afraid your career choice doesn't really fit with your personal interests. But I find it refreshing, to be honest, to find that people like you exist. It just makes me wish there were more around like you.
"When he grows up, if Lucas were to meet someone like you, and have a chance to enjoy what those lucky young men experienced, well... I'd tell him to fill his boots!"
"Oh, that's really nice of you Mark." I knew what was coming, I was just wondering how she'd approach it. Unsurprisingly, she was straight to the point.
"Do you want to fuck me?"
Mark's face was a picture. He looked at me and I shrugged. I was more than used to Barbara being a fuck toy for other men. What difference would one more make?
"Well... I don't..."
Barbara knew there was only one answer, no matter how long it took to arrive, so cut straight to the chase, taking Mark's hand and leading him towards my car.
The drive was only ten minutes, but before we arrived home I was greeted by the sight of Babs in the rear-view mirror letting Mark's cum dribble out of the corners or her mouth, her eyes alive with excitement.
"That was a big load Mark" she smiled at him after swallowing it easily as we pulled into our drive. "But I'm sure I can persuade you to part with a bit more."
In some ways it was nice that Mark was there to deal with Barbara's immediate needs, as I still felt like I had a lot to sort out in my head. No matter which way I came at it, I could no longer reconcile having a normal life and holding down a job with having a relationship with a self-confessed whore who had proved that she'd be fucking different cocks at any opportunity.
And yet.
And yet as I watched the delight she took in allowing Mark whose only experience with women in the last ten years had been paid for, to ravage a body for which I knew she could have charged thousands, I couldn't help but admire her.
Was it my problem, society's problem, or Barbara's problem? Were there men out there who would jump at filling my boots, of having to manage a girl like Barbara, with all the complications that brought?
Would I rather be in Mark's position, in a sexless and passionless marriage?
Could I really turn my back on a woman who encouraged me to find other women attractive, even her own family members, and had already watched in pleasure as I fucked her best friend on several occasions. She was more than happy for our infidelity to go both ways with no detrimental effect, it seemed, to her affection for me.
I'd made my decision even after Mark had shot his second load of cum over my girlfriend's stomach and tits, and she'd immediately set about coaxing a third session from him, sitting down beside him and flicking through her enormous range of photos and videos.
I knew she wouldn't complain about me using that inviting, tight pussy which was waggling up at me as she nuzzled into Mark's crotch, whispering disgusting things about what she'd be prepared to do, which Mary wouldn't dream of. And the look of delighted joy she flashed me as I began hammering into her with vigour nearly changed my mind.
But after pulling out and covering her back with my thick white sperm, and waving Mark goodbye, a very smug look on his face after an excellent session with my soon to be ex-girlfriend, I broke the news.
I hadn't expected tears, but they arrived as I was delivering my decision. But there was an element of understanding, of resignation. Barbara realised that to consent to a long-term relationship with a 'woman like her' took something that very few men were able to commit to.
"I could only see it being different," I said consolingly, "if I was in a position like Charles, Julia's husband. If I didn't have to go to work, to constantly have people in my face about what a slut my wife was, that would change things, I'm sure. But I have to work, and I have to live a normal life. And I don't think life with you could ever be normal!"
Barbara took this as it was intended and laughed a little through the tears. Despite steeling myself, it broke my heart to see how upset she was. But she'd just swallowed two loads of a stranger's sperm and taken another over her belly and tits. If I went out into the street right now and dragged in the first three random men I saw, she'd fuck them too, without a moment's thought.
How could I possibly continue with a relationship where that happened?
Barbara opted to drive down to Julia's and she left that very night, just a small, hastily packed case to accompany her.
The following week was shit. Really, really shit. Empty is the only word to come close, but that doesn't even begin. I was a shell. Sure, I walked into work with the knowledge that I'd given the slut the boot, the elbow, and I could claim an element of masculinity had been reclaimed. Maybe.
But the truth was that only now could I see that for what it was. I would have taken any number of jibes, any amount of ridicule, of disparaging comments about Barbara, just for one glance of those smiling, happy eyes. I could see it so clearly now. Yes, Barbara was a slut. A rare, beautiful diamond. A drop of water in a desert. The last piece in the jigsaw. Being a slut didn't lessen her, it made her who she was.
How many women existed like her? Julia, granted, there was one. But I'd never met another and I was never likely to. She was happy, she loved me, I knew it. And I loved her. And yet I chose to cast her aside. And, corny as it sounded, when I'd done so I'd also forsaken a huge chunk of myself. I knew I'd never be the same person without her. I'd ripped out my soul. And for what? Keeping up appearances?
The chance meeting with Mark, just walking out of the supermarket, confirmed it.
"Are you completely mental?" was his reaction to the news that I'd chosen to dispense with the lovely woman who'd cheerfully coaxed three loads of sperm from him just the other day. "Listen. I don't know if there's any chance it's not too late. And I appreciate I may not have the full picture. But let me tell you this.
"I would happily, right now, give up my life, my marriage, my children even. If I could turn the clock back and have a chance with a girl like Miss Stainthorpe. If the choice is a woman who loves sex -- maybe too much for some people's liking, but it can't be argued she loves it, right?
"If the choice is that or what I have -- what most men have, let's be honest. It's no choice. Yes, she's free and easy, so what? I saw the way she looked at you. Even as she was doing the most unspeakable things. If there's a semblance of a chance you can get that back, then you need to try."
And so, here I was. I knew it before Mark had spelled it out but hearing it from a voice other than my own had helped. My heart was in my mouth as the gate of Julia and Charles' huge and beautiful house slid open.
I'd called Babs as soon as I'd got home after speaking to Mark. I was a mess. One week without her and I was broken, ruined.
She hadn't held a grudge, or made me beg or suffer. She did have to check with Charles and Julia that it was OK for me to turn up with a truck packed with all our stuff -- I'd gutted our house and left a garbled voicemail with work that I'd not be coming in that week. Perhaps I wouldn't be coming back at all -- I hadn't thought that far ahead just yet.
As I pulled up, the door opened and the smiling face of Julia appeared, jumping down the steps to greet me with a hug and a kiss.
"Babs is a little tied up," she winked. "We've got some guests over. Charles is here too; he can't wait to meet you!"
Julia and Charles having some friends over translated to six attractive couples being invited over for an orgy. Entering the living room, I was greeted by the sight of Babs, and I understood what Julia had meant.
Babs was literally tied up, lashed to what looked like a bent wooden pole which tipped her forwards and supported her weight. She was fixed at just the right height for a guy to slide into her from behind. One man was taking advantage of that opportunity. The noise Babs was making told me she was being fucked anally, I could tell the difference now.
As she was smashed forwards without mercy, every so often a drop of what must have been semen would drip from her nose or ear, or be flung sideways from one of her nipples which were circling wildly with the urgent motion the action of being banged into so hard and regularly from behind was generating.
"Dan!" she squealed in delight as she saw me. "Oh! Fuck!" I doubted whether my arrival could have prompted an orgasm. But who could tell with Barbara, the simple act of standing in front of a room of people calling her a slut and a whore was enough to have her climaxing. I glanced around the room as she let her orgasm take over.
The men had clearly all been having sex, the way they were naked and sprawled over the room. I was more than interested to see that there were an equal number of women sat in various stages of undress, some sporting lingerie and all clearly dressed for sex. I guessed their partners had all been seeing to Babs.
I chuckled to myself. It was no surprise really that someone like Julia, armed with an understanding husband and unlimited time and resources, would surround herself with like-minded people. I wondered where she'd find six attractive, perverted couples. That was a question for another day.
Some of the women were younger than me, some were older. All seemed happy and comfortable in this situation and unashamed of being mostly undressed in front of me, a stranger who had just walked in on them. In fact, there was a feeling that they had been waiting for this, the way they looked at each other and smiled at me.
Julia handed Babs a towel, and she dried her cum-soaked face and beckoned me over. As I kissed her, I might have tasted a slight hint of salty sperm on her lips. But I didn't care. I was home. Home was not a place; it was anywhere, as long as I was alongside this perfect woman.
The guy fucking her arse from behind withdrew and fired a load up her back. She fixed her gaze on me, opening her mouth and gasping a little for a moment as the feeling of appreciation landed on her in warm splashes across her body. As another man stepped up to take his place, Babs closed her eyes for a minute, and breathed in suddenly, enjoying the feeling of a new cock sliding into her.
Her arm slid around the back of my neck, and she kissed me strongly again, her face banging into mind as she was continually fucked.
"You're never going to let the thought of leaving me cross your mind again," she grinned. And she was right.
Even if her female guests hadn't immediately surrounded me and pulled me into a world of warm, soft, willing female flesh.
Even if six wet and extremely willing vaginas, and impeccably made-up faces with soft, wet lips hadn't been primed for my arrival.
Even if Julia and Babs hadn't made sure my arrival was as memorable as I could possibly imagine.
Even if I knew that I'd again have plenty of opportunity to sample the pleasures of the incredible Julia Sterling,
I had experienced a week without Babs, and I would never let that happen again. I knew a week wouldn't pass without her tasting strange sperm, or feeling a new cock pushing inside her welcoming cunt, or making her gag as it filled her throat. But this was her, part of the package. Barbara was my girl, and always would be.