Across town, Todd's best friend Willy was strapping a ladder to the rack on his truck when he heard Todd's phone. It was the distinctive jingle of a text from Meagan.
Todd and Willy were parked side by side at the jobsite. Apparently Todd had left his phone laying on his tailgate.
Willy hoped everything was okay. Todd had seemed rather distracted all day. Willy loved Todd like a brother, and he loved Meagan too. Almost like a sister, except it would have to be an incestuous love if she was his sister. He'd always thought she was sexy as hell.
Todd had run back into the building for more tools. They were getting close to the end of the job and were loading up the equipment they were done with.
He couldn't resist grabbing Todd's phone and checking the message. Partially out of concern for his friends, and partially because he could never resist an opportunity to yank Meg's chain. In fact they constantly teased each other.
Willy never called her Meagan, it was always Meg. He thought about the fact that he was the only person who ever called her that, and that she said she liked it, but only from him.
He turned on Todd's phone to see what the message was, in case it was something bad, like the baby was sick or hurt or something, he could get Todd quickly and get him on his way.
If it was just a request for a milk pickup on the way home, he could tease her about it. He was already thinking up jokes he could reply with.
Willy and Meg had teased and flirted with each other for as long as they had known each other, which was only a few hours less than Todd knew her.
Willy had been running late to the bar that night because he'd been screwing some other girl. And by then, Todd and Meagan were already hooked on each other.
Their teasing and flirting was all in good fun, although he was sure both of his friends knew he would have loved to get a taste of Meg for real. If only he hadn't hooked up with that waitress. She had turned out to be a psycho anyway.
All three also knew he would never follow through with his lust for Meg out of his love for Todd and his respect for their relationship. He was the best man in their wedding after all, not to mention being Jrs. Godfather. But he could still lust after her from afar.
When he opened the text, his eyes opened wide with shock. He saw there was a message, but the pics are what grabbed his attention. They were obviously revealing selfies. But the pictures were so small, he couldn't pass up a chance to see them better.
He quickly read the message. It said "r u getting off early? The baby is napping in case u want to 'get off early'"
"Mm, hmm, Meg is horny!" Willy thought aloud.
He knew all about Todd and Meg's penchant for naughty pictures. Todd had shown him some photos he took of Meg back in the day, before they got too serious. But he hadn't seen any for a long time and couldn't help himself.
When he expanded the first pic, Willy smiled and said out loud "Damn girl!". It was the pic of her bending over. Willy could plainly see her ass and pussy below her robe in the shot. But he couldn't resist using his thumb and forefinger to zoom in closer. She was bent over with her feet together, her puffy outer lips were closed tight, with just a small flap of her labia peaking out.
Then he caught himself and looked around the jobsite. Nobody had heard him, nobody was watching. So with another glance at the door Todd would be coming from, he took a good long, lustful look at Meagan's meaty pussy before he scrolled to the next photo.
The next pic was almost the same, except Meg had been standing with her feet together in the first one. In the second one she was on her knees, and they were spread wide and she'd arched her back. "Fuck woman" Willy breathed.
He zoomed in and saw her inner lips were now exposed, and swollen, and starting to open with excitement. Willy could just imagine using his tongue to open them up even more. He knew he would take his time, savor every taste.
"Nothin' better to do you lazy fuck?" Todd's voice brought him back to the jobsite. Willy almost dropped the phone as Todd set his circular saw and some extension cords on the tailgate next to him. He managed to hit the power button on the side making the screen go black.
"Dude, I am so sorry!" Willy blurted. "Meg texted you, and she never bothers you at work," he went on, thinking fast. "I thought maybe something was wrong with Jr."
Willy handed over Todd's phone. He had shut it off, but never closed out the picture he had up, and zoomed in.
"No problem buddy, I don't care if you answer my phone." Todd told his friend. "I've answered yours before." Todd couldn't understand his buddy's apprehension.
Todd turned the phone back on and looked at the screen. "Whoa," he said. "I see why you were worried."
He smiled as he looked at the picture of his wife's pussy. He and Willy were now shoulder to shoulder leaning against the tailgate. Todd looked out of the corner of his eye and was not surprised to see that his buddy had the beginning of an erection.
"I love when she's feeling naughty!" He told his buddy. He tried to zoom in closer on the picture and it wouldn't go.
"Uhm, it's already expanded." Willy told him sheepishly.
Todd chuckled and asked "So I guess you really enjoyed the view, huh?"
"Dude you know I always thought Meg is sexy as hell! I'd never do anything to fuck up our friendship, but if I get a chance to check her out? Shit pal, I'm only human!" Willy replied.
"I know man, and I don't blame you. She is hot as fuck!" Todd told him. Then asked, "Well how many pics are here?" He scrolled back to the first photo and held the phone so they both could look.
"There's 3 pics. And that is a seriously sweet ass dude." Willy said
"Yep." Todd answered as he expanded the picture and focused on Meagan's ass and pussy. He gazed at the photo for a few seconds, mostly to allow Willy to see it some more before scrolling to the next one.
Todd could tell Meagan was excited by the look of her lips. He zoomed in like Willy had and they both gazed at the mouthwatering site. Todd knew full well how much his friend loved eating pussy and couldn't help but tell him how good Meagan tasted.
"Man I love eating that sweet pussy from this angle. Hell, any angle really! She's got the best tasting pussy I've ever had!" Todd could hear Willy growl deep in his massive chest. He knew he was making Willy want his wife more than ever.
"Buddy, you could just lay on the floor below her face up, and she could just lower it right down on your mouth." Willy told him.
Todd knew Willy was imagining that happening to himself as he said it. His voice was softer than usual. He was nearly choked up with desire for Meagan.
"Hell yeah dude, she loves a good face ride!" Todd said, intentionally increasing his friend's lust. "And when she cums, she fucking grinds that snatch right on your mouth. And she gets soo fucking wet, its incredible!"
Todd could see in his peripheral vision that his buddy was now almost fully hard. He could easily imagine Meagan riding Willy's face. He could also picture her riding his cock. He knew she'd seen it before. And she had admitted one drunken night that it was a nice cock. A "really nice cock" she'd actually said.
Todd was starting to grow an erection of his own as he imagined what would happen when he shared his wife with his best friend.
"Dude," Willy interrupted Todd's thought. "as much as I appreciate your sharing her pics with me, I have to tell you, the message with these pics was that Jr. was napping and you should get home!"
"Oh!" Todd said. "You didn't tell me that!" Todd was now torn, he was really into feeding his friend's hunger for Meagan. But now he also wanted to get home and enjoy her in person. He could tell her all about Willy getting hard over her pics while he fucked her.
"Well how many pics are here?" Todd asked as he flipped to the last one.
"Wow!" Todd and Willy blurted together at the site. Meagan had included a pic from in front of the mirror. The camera was held at waist level and her robe was fully open. Her tits hung above the camera, with her nipples standing out. She had her feet apart and one leg turned outward. Her thick inner lips plain to see, enflamed with excitement below a small patch of hair.
Willy recognized the solid oak mirror frame. He had helped Todd remove that mirror from the Turner building downtown. He'd also helped him hang it in that location in the front hall. He could picture Meg standing in the foyer nearly naked taking pictures of herself. It was a highly erotic vision.
Remembering the question, Willy replied. "This is the last one. Fuck dude, you need to get home!"
"I know, I just thought you would love to see what I'm going home to. I guess you don't like Meagan's body as much as I thought!" Todd teased.
"Fuck you man, you know how I feel about Meg! But because of that I don't want to see that hot body neglected. If you don't get your ass home and give her some cock, I will!" Willy threatened.
Todd could not resist probing his friend for a reaction. "Maybe we should both go? Give her two hard cocks?"
Willy threw an elbow hard into his friends chest. "Don't fucking say that shit unless you're serious dude!"
Todd responded to the elbow with a left cross to Willy's shoulder. It was like punching a tree branch. But it was a branch he'd punched many times.
Both men were now up off the tailgate squaring off. They had always loved sparring with each other. Todd, while not a small guy, was a few inches and several pounds smaller than Willy. But he was a more technical fighter. Faster and more maneuverable.
Willy was big and brawny, and basically a brawler. It always made for an interesting matchup. And they both loved to try each other out.
"HEY YOU TOO, CUT IT OUT!" Came a yell from the building. They looked and saw Biff the plumber looking out a second floor window. He had a huge smile on his face. He knew these two from previous jobs, and knew that while they were hard workers and good at their jobs, they loved to play around.
"Don't worry about it pal, or you're next!" Willy shouted back. But he had dropped his hands, except the one he had pointed at Biff. The potential scrap now over. Biff laughed and went on with his day.
Todd dropped his hands too and retrieved his phone from where he'd tossed it on the tailgate. "Yeah, I better get going. I have other pussy to take care of beside you." He told Willy with a smile, his friend's response to his suggestion of two cocks had given him the answer he wanted.
"Fuck you man, you can either run home and be pussy whipped or stay here and get your ass whipped!" Willy told him. "Your choice."
Both men were smiling despite their tough talk.
"I'll get the rest of the tools, I carry your lame ass all the time anyway." Willy continued.
"Thanks man." Todd said, finally sincere, as he put the saw and extension cords in the tool box mounted on his truck.
But he couldn't resist teasing his friend some more. "I can put in a good word for you with the wife, who knows, maybe she'll give you some sympathy pussy."
"Shit pal, maybe she'll give me some when she needs a real man." Willy told him.
"Fuck! I just remembered that I have to stop at the bank to make my truck payment." Todd exclaimed.
"What an ass!" Willy laughed. "Give me the bill and the money, and I'll hit the bank for ya."
"Wow that's cool, thanks." Todd told him sincerely.
"But you owe me motherfucker!" Willy went on. "I want to see more of her. I know you two pervs like taking pictures, you used to show me them all the time! Before you two fell in love and you got selfish."
Todd grabbed his bank envelope from above the visor of his truck and handed it over to his friend.
"Yeah, we might have a few more." Todd smiled. "I guess I could share her with you, since I know you can keep your mouth shut."
As Todd was enjoying the double meaning of what he'd just said, Willy came back with, "Well, get out of here then, go take care of that beautiful woman!"
"You bet!" Todd answered as he jumped in his truck and fired it up. He shot off a text to Meagan and threw the truck in gear.
Back home, Meagan was finishing up her preparations. She had already used one of Todd's tape measures to mark his height on the refrigerator. She moved a magnetic calendar to represent where his face would be.
She had the camera on it's tripod aimed in that direction, and had only extended the legs enough to make it waist high. It was behind the island and would be out of sight from Todd until he got in front of her, and then he would not be looking in that direction. Of that she was sure!
She was looking through the viewer to be sure his face would not be visible when he stood where she wanted him.
As she was making one final adjustment, her phone jingled. Excitement roiled through her as she recognized Todd's ringtone. She hurriedly picked it up from the counter and smiled as she read Todd's text. It said simply; "On my way baby!"
Setting her phone down with a naughty smile, she picked up the lifelike dildo next to it. It wasn't the giant one, but a more realistic size, with a large set of balls and a suction cup at the base.
She knew that it was roughly the same size as Willy. It also had a similar upward curve that worked her G-spot so well. She had never told her husband, but she always reflected on the similarities with what she saw of Willy whenever they played with this particular toy.
She went to her place in front of the fridge and kneeled down. Taking the head of the fake cock in her mouth she proceeded to give it a nice slow, wet blowjob.
She knew she really didn't need it to be too wet, her pussy was already soaked with anticipation. But it just seemed like the thing to do. And it felt naughty, thinking about Willy while sucking off a fake cock in the middle of the day, in her kitchen.
She looked at the camera and it excited her even more, and it wasn't even on yet. She wished she had turned it on already to catch her sucking that fake dick.
As she was sucking that fake dick she looked at the clock. She did some calculations in her head and hoped Todd would get here in time for her to do what she wanted before the baby woke up.
She knew that rush hour wouldn't be started yet, and he should make good time coming home. Luckily the jobsite wasn't far and Meagan was familiar with the route.
Once she had the toy nice and wet with her spit she turned it around and licked the suction cup a few times to get it wet also.
She turned it over and stuck it firmly to the ceramic floor. The same floor Todd and Willy had installed, she remembered with a smile.
Once she had it stuck firmly she got back up and went back to the camera. She could see the toy at the bottom of the viewer. And just the bottom of the calendar that represented where Todd's face would be on the fridge.
Looking at the clock again she went to check on the baby. Jr. was still sleeping soundly, the gate still firmly in the doorway of his bedroom in case he escaped from the crib again. He was getting to the age where he could climb out easily, and would need a bed soon. She verified that the light was on for the baby monitor before turning back to her mission.
Returning to the kitchen, she took one more peak through the camera and one more glance at the clock.
She pulled up her hair and put it in a ponytail. She didn't want anything to block the cameras perspective.
Satisfied, she slipped on her highest red heels. She hadn't worn them since she quit her job and they made her feel sexy. Especially since she wore nothing else with them.
Then she turned the camera on to video and donned her big dark sunglasses.
Walking over to the toy on the floor, she knew her ass and legs were coming into view of the video. She knew the heels enhanced the view, highlighting her legs, but she made sure to roll her hips as she walked too. The clicking of the heels on the tile the only sound in the room.
When she reached the toy, she kept her back to the camera and dropped to her knees. Bending over she could envision the toy between her knees. When she bent over, she knew her pussy came into view. She knew it was wet and her lips were puffy with arousal. She hoped that was visible to the camera at this distance.
She could easily imagine her tits dangling into view as she bent further to take the toy cock in her mouth again.
Meagan knew the toy, and her pussy, were already wet enough. But she had a few minutes until Todd got home, and wanted to make a show of it.
She bobbed her head up and down on the toy, knowing her mouth was visible between her tits, which were visible between her legs.
Her wet pussy was pointed at the camera and she reached back with her left hand to play with herself. Her wedding ring on display as her fingers delved between her swollen lips.
Soon she wanted more than her fingers inside herself. She got back up and turned so she was in profile to the camera and facing the doorway her husband would soon walk through.
She turned just a little more to be sure the toy entering her pussy would be visible on the video.
Then she dropped to her knees again and started to fit the fat head of the toy into her hungry snatch.
As wet and horny as she was by now, she wanted to just sink right down on it, take it all to the hilt. But she made herself go slowly. She wanted to extend the display for her audience.
She could imagine the guys online stroking their hard cocks of all shapes and sizes wishing it was them on the floor below her.
She teased her swollen lips and clit until she was whimpering and couldn't hold back anymore.
She took just the head inside herself and rolled her head back and groaned out loud. She used both hands to pull her pussy open. Her clit stood straight out towards the camera.
With her head tilted back she snuck another look at the clock, still calculating Todd's arrival.
Lowering herself more she took in more of the realistic toy and moaned again.
Her moans were not fake. They were not done to enhance the video, although she knew they would. They were very real sounds caused by very real satisfaction.
She began to bounce up and down on the fake dick, taking a little bit more in each time. And her moans increased in volume and kept the rhythm of her increasing lunges.
Once she had the whole toy inside herself, with the big fake balls snug against her clit, she paused and tilted her head way back. Arching her back she ran her hands up her body and rolled her hips.
Trying to mentally dismiss the paunch at her waist she hefted her tits. Lifting them lewdly for the camera. She fondled them roughly, pinching her nipples hard.
She began to roll her hips more as she pulled her nipples up and out like Todd did when she rode his cock.
She loved having her tits played with, and the hotter she got, the harder she liked it.
She rocked her hips back and forth with the dildo deep inside herself and ran her hands up across her chest to her neck and throat.
Her hands continued to the back of her head and she made sure her pony tail was secure. She didn't want any errant hair blocking the cameras view of what would take place in just a few more minutes, when Todd walked in.
Still rocking her hips she brought her hands down over her shoulders to her now heaving chest. She mauled her tits some more before sliding one hand down further to her swollen clit.
She pictured herself from the cameras perspective and knew she looked like a totally wanton woman. Shamelessly pleasuring herself in the middle of her kitchen, in the middle of the day.
She let her mind wander to the act she was creating for her husband. Riding another mans cock while she invited him in to join them.
Soon the camera was forgotten and she was lost in her fantasy. She ground her pussy on Willy's hard dick while his strong hand groped her big tits.
She could picture the look of lust on his face, the sweat gathering on his hairy, masculine chest.
She rapidly worked her fingers over her clit as she worked Willy's hard cock inside herself. She knew she would be cumming hard, and soon.
She started to lift her hips and slam them back down, taking Willy to the hilt each time.
In her mind she could hear him grunt and groan along with her. She could hear her juicy pussy squish with each thrust. Then she saw the light from the doorway brighten and dim again as the front door opened and closed, and she heard the latch click.
Todd was rather proud of himself. He made it home without any speeding tickets, and he showed extraordinary restraint when he pulled into his drive way.
He new full well how noisy his ladder racks and tool boxes were on his truck. He'd forced himself to drive in slowly. He knew Jr. may have already woken up from his nap, but if he was still asleep, Todd did not want to wake him.
Todd was on fire on the way home. Sharing those pics with Willy, and seeing his buddy get an erection for his wife had reignited all his desires to see her satisfied by the two of them.
He got out of his truck and closed the door gently, then walked quickly but softly up the walk to the front door. His cock already straining against his jeans.
He had no idea what he would find inside. Would Jr. still be napping? If so, where? And where would Meagan be? The bedroom? The office with the computer on and some porn on the screen?
He entered the house as quietly as he could, and the peacefulness seemed strange, as if no one was home. He looked to his right and saw no one was in the living room.
He closed the door behind himself gently, but the latch still clicked shut, causing him to wince.
He knelt down to unlace his boots and the cracking of his knees sounded like rifle shots in his ears.
As he untied his work boots, he thought he heard a noise from the kitchen. As he listened closely, he heard it again. It was a gasp, a gasp of pleasure, and it was his wife's gasp.
From the front door he could see partially into the kitchen, just as he could see partially into the living room. Wherever Meagan was, whatever she was doing, she was around the corner and beyond his line of sight.
As he stood to kick his boots off, the gasp turned to a moan. He knew Meagan well enough to know that she was going to cum soon.
Was she alone? He didn't know why that question entered his mind, but it was accompanied by a pang of jealousy.
He knew he wanted to share her. And after the events with Willy just now, it was definitely at the front of his mind. But he had always envisioned it being a mutual thing, where he was there from the start. The instigator even.
Now, hearing his wife in the next room, his heart was in his throat as he walked softly in his socks to peer the rest of the way into the kitchen.
When he looked around the corner towards the fridge, he saw his wife. While his heart had been pounding, it now seemed to pause at what he saw.
She was alone, but she was indeed fucking. Her head was tilted back and she had her sunglasses on. Todd could not tell if she even knew he was there.
If she did, she didn't give any indication. She was fucking herself with one of her favorite dildos'.
He started towards her slowly, carefully. If she wasn't aware of his presence yet, he didn't want to scare her.
Meagan was well aware that Todd was there. She'd seen the doorway brighten as he opened the door, and heard the door latch and the quiet click of his knee when he knelt to untie his boots.
She watched him walk towards her slowly. She was even more excited with the look of lust in his eyes as he watched her fuck her toy.
Finally she spoke up. "It's about time you joined us!"
Todd stopped dead in his tracks. He glanced around the kitchen before asking, "Us?" He never saw the camera on it's tripod as it was still hidden from his view by the island.
"Me and my lover here silly." Meagan answered with a smile and a gesture towards her toy.
Todd caught on and asked; "So do you two mind if I join you?"
"We've been waiting for you, I was hoping you'd get here before we both climaxed!" She replied with a lewd grin, before adding; "Now get over here and give me some more dick!"
Todd started to unbuckle his belt as he walked the last few feet to his wife. But she stopped him dead again. "NO!" she gasped.
He looked at her confused, until she told him; "Just come here, and take your shirt off. I'll do the rest."
Todd was in front of her in a flash and yanked his shirt up over his head. He let it drop to the floor beside him as Meagan finished with the belt and started on his jeans.
Meagan looked through her dark shades towards the camera and realized Todd had placed himself directly in front of her. Which was natural. But she recalled that as she was planning this, she knew she would need him to step aside slightly, so the camera could catch her riding her fake lover while sucking off her real one.
She put her hands on his hips and guided him to the side a bit. "You have to remember, if I have a man laying under me, you need to feed me your dick from the side." She explained patiently.
"Oh, sorry." He said stepping aside. "And just who exactly is that man you're riding?" Meagan didn't answer, she smiled up at him and glanced towards the camera and verified the view she wanted
She knew his strong chest and flat stomach were visible to the camera.
As she worked, Todd told her; "Willy saw the pics you sent, he said they were hot as fuck! That you are hot as fuck!"
Meagan was panting. As she rolled her hips and fucked the toy that just moments before was Willy in her mind, she imagined him looking at the pictures she sent.
"He was working up a serious hardon from looking at your pussy." Todd told her softly.
She tried to yank his pants and underwear down together, but his briefs got caught up on his hard cock.
She imagined Willy's dick would be just as hard. She knew he would love to let her pull his pants off too. She lowered herself down on the fake cock and ground down on it while thinking about Willy.
She moaned and Todd smiled knowing she was thinking about his friend.
She smiled at the bulge holding up her process and pulled his pants down first. She got them bunched up at his knees, showing off his muscular thighs. In her mind it was now Willy standing in front of her.
She pulled the waistband of his underwear out over his raging erection and worked them down too.
His cock now free, it stood straight out from his body, pointing straight at her face. It waved in front of her after being released from its confines.
She wrapped a hand around his shaft and pumped it a few times as she started to fondle his balls with the other.
"So Willy got hard looking at my pics, huh?" Meagan asked as she stroked her husband slowly.
"Yeah, he sure did. He told me that I better get home and enjoy you before he did!"
"So you knew I was horny, you knew I was ready for cock, why didn't you bring him along? You still want to share me, right?" She asked breathlessly.
"Well babe, we never discussed who it would be." Todd answered as his wife continued to jack him off. "I wasn't sure if you even wanted too."
She couldn't keep her mouth off of him for long though. Not after the videos she watched earlier and all the planning she had done to get to this point.
"I think I do." She told him softly as she leaned forward.
She started by licking his balls. They were sweaty from his day at work and she savored his masculine smell and salty taste as she continued to stroke his hard length.
She wondered what Willy would smell like, taste like.
Meagan resisted the urge to move straight on to the serious blowjob she had planned as her mind brought up images of Willy, his shirt off, his powerful body sweaty with exertion.
Instead she pulled the head of Todd's hard prick to her mouth and ran her tongue all over it, moaning the whole time. Smearing his already oozing precum all over the thick head of his hard cock.
Todd let out a grateful sigh and put his hands on the side of her head. "Honey, I love how you do that!"
Meagan responded by taking even more of his meat in her mouth, still working the head with her skilled tongue.
"Willy left me leave while he gathered up the rest of our tools. He even went to the bank for me so I could come home and fuck you. But he wants to see more pictures of you as payment." Todd told her softly.
She moaned loudly on Todd's prick and started to ride the fake cock in her pussy in time with her mouth, making her moan even more on Todd's cock. She thought about just showing Willy the video she was making instead.
Todd was really getting into her oral work and started to roll his hips in time with her, using his hands to pull his wife's mouth on and off his cock.
He loved how hot she got when he told her that Willy wanted to see more of her. He knew she was thinking about him as she rode the fake toy, but he wanted to hear her say it. "Who's that you're fucking baby? Who's cock is that?"
Meagan was really getting into the fantasy of riding Willy's dick while sucking off her husband. Sometimes in her mind she was blowing Willy while fucking Todd.
But she realized that the hand on her face closest to the camera was blocking the shot of his dick in her mouth. She grabbed his hand and moved it to the back of her head. She never broke her rhythm as she put his hand on her ponytail.
Todd found it odd, as he often put his hands on the side of her head during oral sex with her. She always loved when he took over and fucked her mouth. But at this point she was taking him deeper and deeper, and he didn't care where his hands were. As long as his cock was in her loving mouth. He took hold of the ponytail and used it as a handle to guide her.
Meagan loved Todd starting to fuck her mouth, she always did enjoy that. And to be riding another cock at the same time was heaven.
She thought about Willy getting hard over her pics. She imagined him jacking off to her that night, thinking about fucking her.
She decided it was time to tell her husband she was ready to do it for real. And who she wanted to do it with.
She left his dick slip out of her mouth and slide across her face. She moaned out loud and said; "Oh baby, I love how this feels, I do want this for real!" She continued to rub his hard cock, wet with her spit and his precum, over her cheeks, almost knocking her glasses off. "I want you to share me! I want two real dicks!"
She slid her mouth down the underside of his shaft to his balls again as she bounced on the cock below. Todd could hear how wet she was. Her pussy sounded like it was sopping wet as she fucked herself on the dildo. "Oh baby, I know you'll love it, I want you to cum so hard! Who do you want baby?" He already knew the answer, she wanted the same man he wanted to share her with, but he wanted to hear her say it. He needed to hear her say it.
Meagan ducked her head more to suck Todd's sweaty balls again while she used her hand on his shaft. They were already starting to pull up tight to his body. She could tell he was already on his way to cumming for her.
She couldn't get under his balls far enough with his legs together. His pants still bunched up at his knees were stopping him from spreading his legs.
She backed off and said; "Let's get these the rest of the way off." She tapped his leg and he held onto her head for balance as he lifted his leg for her. She grabbed the cuff of his pants and worked them down and off. She took off his sock too, before she went for the next leg.
Once she had the pants and socks off and tossed aside she tapped the inside of his muscular thighs to get him to spread his legs for her. He spread his feet apart, knowing what she wanted, and asked; "Who do you want baby? Who do you want to help me fuck you?" She just moaned in reply and started licking his balls again. She knew what he wanted, he wanted to hear her say Willy's name. But again she made him wait.
She ran her tongue around the inside of the powerful legs and behind the balls. She relished in his masculine scent and the strength of his body. Even as she made him quiver and go weak.
She was still stroking his shaft with her hand and rocking her hips on the one inside her pussy. She pulled back and looked up at him. He could just make out her eyes through the dark lenses. "Do you like watching me fucking him while I blow you? Can you hear how wet I am for him?"
"Oh hell yeah babe! You sound so wet!" Todd wrapped a hand around hers and squeezed as he helped her jack him off. "Who is that you're fucking baby? Who's making you so wet?"
She turned her head and made sure her face was not visible to the camera and pushed her shades up off her eyes. She looked at her husband, her eyes on fire with lust, and told him; "Well it's Willy of course. It's your best friend enjoying my pussy!"
With that she dropped her glasses back in place and took his dick back in her mouth. She started sucking him for all she was worth even as she started bouncing up and down on the toy again, moaning with pleasure.
Todd let out a groan and began thrusting his hips in time with her mouth, using the ponytail to pull and push her mouth on and off his cock. "He's going to love your wet pussy! He's going to fuck you so hard!"
Meagan felt Todd's dick grow even bigger inside of her mouth. She knew he was getting close. She played with his balls with one hand, reaching a finger back to apply pressure between his scrotum and asshole as she stroked his dick along with her sucking mouth.
Todd was groaning loudly now, rocking his hips in time with his wife's blowjob. He was imagining his best friend Willy laying below her, fucking her. "Oh fuck babe! You're so fucking HOT and SEXY! You're going to make us both cum for you!"
Meagan was so turned on. She was thinking about the two men she loved giving her so much pleasure. The two men she cared about the most in her life getting off on her. She knew Todd was about to cum and she was about to cum too, riding Willy's hard dick.
She thought about Willy watching this video and the girls on the website taking loads of cum on their faces and loving it.
Todd moaned loudly and started to thrust into her mouth with more vigor.
She felt her husband's cock swell in her mouth and knew he was very close. She knew that he was at the point of no return.
She started to cum herself and pulled Todd's prick from her mouth. And started jacking him off violently. She was almost crying with passion she was so overwhelmed.
"Aaahh, baby, I'm cumming! I'm cumming on Willy's cock!" She continued to bounce up and down on her imaginary lover. "Ohh, so good baby! FUCK!"
Todd was over the edge now too, he expected Meagan to take him back into her mouth when he came, as she always had before. He knew she was cumming too and tried to warn her of his own climax. "Fuck woman, I'm going to cum too!"
Meagan just kept jacking him off and when he yelled; "Oh, fuck babe, here it comes!" She merely opened up her mouth wide and aimed his prick at her face.
"Shoot it honey, shoot it all over me!" Meagan gasped aloud as he started to spew.
Todd let out a roar as he started cumming. He was so used to his wife taking his cum in her mouth or pussy, and it had been so long since he'd cum from a handjob that it was very fucking intense for him.
He remembered all the women online who took facials. He always thought it would be hot to see, but loved Meagan swallowing his jizz. Loved her passion for all he could give her.
And now he was cumming right on her face. She was cumming too and moaning so much it sounded like she was crying. He loved hearing her cum.
And through her orgasm she felt his hot jizz start to spray her. It felt erotic. It felt nasty. And it was made more intense knowing she was catching it all on video.
She felt each shot, it hit her in the forehead and her hair. It sprayed her glasses and cheek. She was glad for the dark shades or it would have went right in her eye, because she was watching Todd ejaculate so closely. She had never actually watched Todd shoot before, and she realized she enjoyed seeing it!
It turned her on to see him shooting for her. And hear him shout with the intensity of his own orgasm. It actually extended her own climax.
She finally felt some land in her mouth, on her tongue, and she fought the instinct to gulp it down. She kept her mouth open as she kept stroking her husband's spewing cock.
Soon Todd was done and started to stagger backwards. She knew he was getting sensitive. She held on tight to his still hard prick and leaned forward to take his tip in her mouth as she reeled him back in with her hand.
She didn't swallow yet, and kept his cum on her tongue even as she tried to suck more out of him.
She swirled her cum coated tongue around his head and stroked him from the base to her mouth to extract every drop. She moaned with pleasure as she felt the last few hot drops ooze into her mouth.
Todd gasped, he couldn't take much more. He squirmed and tried again to back away, but again she tightened her grip and held him in place.
She relented then and pulled his cock out of her mouth. She smiled lewdly at him as she began to rub his softening prick all through the jizz that covered her face.
Todd looked down at his wife and watched her paint her face. This was new ground for them. She had never missed a drop before. And if she did she would scoop it up with her fingers and make a show of licking them clean. Now she was making a show of wearing it.
And she looked so hot! She was still flushed with her own recent orgasms. He thought about the scenario of Willy being that cock making her cum. That had seemed to be the spark that took her over the edge.
The whole thing was so erotic. From the text, and sharing the pics with his buddy, seeing the effects the photos had on him as he got hard for her.
The blowjob while she rode her dildo that she said was the friend they both knew wanted her. Even using her ponytail as a handle to direct the mouthfuck.
Then the facial! She had never done that before. And they had never even discussed it! This woman was just full of surprises today, and he felt very lucky to be her husband.
As Meagan and Todd both began to descend from the heights of their orgasms, they both noticed the sounds of their son stirring coming from the baby monitor on the counter.
Meagan released her hubby and got up off the toy on the floor. It was drenched and had a small puddle around the base. She looked at Todd and said with a naughty smile; "Well, I guess our play time is over."
"Yeah, I guess." Todd answered. "Fuck, I'm ready for a nap now! You drained me woman!"
"Yeah, well you and Willy wore me out too!" she said with that lewd grin of hers. "But I doubt your little buddy will let either of us nap. And anyway, while I clean myself up, you have to get that out of here."
Todd looked at where his naughty wife was pointing and his jaw dropped when he saw the camera on the tripod. The red light told him all he needed to know.