(This is an erotic litRPG that will deal with aspects of BDSM culture and humiliation play. All sex acts will be consensual, but there will be aspects of non-consensual humiliation/embarrassment explored throughout the story. The full title isENF Academy: For Some Reason, She Can Only Save the World if She's Naked, and I'm going to be releasing blocks of chapters here as I continue to write it. Hope you enjoy!)
1.1: Arrival
The Endrin National Fortress Academy came into view, giving Elaina the first glimpse at her second chance at life. She leaned out the window of the carriage to get a better look, grinning even as her chestnut hair danced around her face and obscured the view. Even from this distance the school was imposing, numerous towers jutting from the pristine white base topped with blue roofs, surrounded by a sprawling green lawn. "Don't fall out now, darling," her coachwoman shouted from the front, her own curled black hair flowing in the wind in what Elaina was sure was more graceful than her own. "They won't pay me if you show up running behind the cart."
Elaina laughed and leaned back into the carriage before opening the small communication window to answer back, "I'm not going to fall out right before I arrive at Endrin! I'd be mortified!"
Char kept her head facing the road, but Elaina could see the grin growing on her face. "I don't know what to expect from you at this point. It's only been a week, but I don't think a day has passed since I met you that youhaven'tdone something to mortify yourself."
Elaina pursed her lips, fighting back a blush. It was true, of course, but now that she was finally here that would change,hadto change. Her days as a walking ball of embarrassment were over, starting now.
"But don't worry about that, dear. Traveling so far is always rough for first timers. Some people take to it better than others."
Elaina was already sure she was firmly,firmlyplaced in the camp of "others," but she appreciated the attempt at comforting her anyway. "Ya, traveling... Once I'm settled in at the academy, things'll be okay." She almost believed it.
The two kept up their small talk for the next half hour or so before they reached the front gates. Getting out of the carriage gave Elaina her first proper view of the Academy. She'd heard of the towers before, and had honestly thought they looked smaller than expected as they approached, but now she realized she had been wrong. The towers had seemed small because she had no idea the base building and surrounding fields would be so enormous. She stood in awe of the castle, a place of legend, one that may as well had been a myth to her just a year ago, and her new home for the next three years.
"Alright, I know it's impressive, but you have to quit gawking." Elaina broke from her trance and saw that Char had already unloaded her two bags from the back of the carriage and set them down just in front of the gate. "I'm not Aspected like you, so they won't even let me through the gates. It's up to you from here." Elaina winced a little at the joke. Char didn't seem to mean anything negative by it, but it did make Elaina vibrantly aware of her situation, the nature of their relationship and respective statuses.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to make you get all that stuff-"
"Nah nah, that's what I'm paid for," Char said, waving Elaina off. The woman's face grew even warmer than normal when she smiled at her. "I'm happy I got to spend the trip with someone like you for once. Most years it's just the usual noble brats who think I'm one of their house servants."
That did scare Elaina. She'd tried avoiding the thought as much as possible, but she couldn't completely ignore that she was walking into the metaphorical wolves' den with quite a lot of wool covering a very sheep-shaped body. "Are they really that bad?"
"Eh, to me? Ya, but you're one of them, now, whether you act like it or not. Shouldn't be too much of a problem for you to get along with 'em."
"Right..." Elaina looked back at the gates. The suits of armor standing on either side didn't beckon her inside, but the sun was near setting, and she knew she couldn't linger long. Char had kept a fast pace over their seven days, but it was a tight trip, and she was likely one of the last arrivals today, Awakening Day. "I do think I have to go now." She turned back to Char, then walked forward and hugged her. "Thanks for bringing me this far. I can handle it from here."
Char patted her on the back, holding the embrace until Elaina let go. "One more thing," she said, reaching into her jacket pocket and pulling out a leather necklace adorned with a wooden star. "It's not much, but happy birthday."
Elaina took it in her hands and marveled at the piece. Fine leather, excellent wood carved completely smooth. This was the type of thing that the wealthy of her village would flaunt. "I- how much did this cost?"
"Ha, nothing, dear. The string is from an old saddle, and I made the star myself. It's a good hobby to pass the nights on these long trips." She grabbed the piece back for herself and slipped it over Elaina's head. "I know you didn't have a real chance to celebrate, so I wanted to get you at least one proper present."
Elaina took the star in her hands once more as it hung from her neck and beamed back up at Char before embracing her again. "I love it."
Char squeezed her tightly back before finally letting go. "It looks good on you, a star for the star blessed."
Star blessed. That's what Elaina was now, or would be after her Awakening tonight, which she was getting dangerously close to being late for. "Thank you so much, for everything, but I do need to go."
"Ya ya, oh great hero of the future. Get to class before they send you to wizard detention or whatever."
Elaina laughed as she grabbed her bags from the ground. "I will! Have a safe trip back!" She turned back to the gates, the suits of armor standing ever imposing as she did. This was it. If her village priest had made a mistake... Well, she would know soon enough. She drew in one deep breath before darting through. She'd half expected one final humiliation to cap off her trip, but the autonomous guards remained still, and Elaina passed through with nothing but a slight tingle coursing through her body.
Endrin Academy, she'd made it.
After passing through the gate and getting over the weird sensation it gave—Elaina wondered briefly if that had been the rumored barrier meant to keep out nonstudents or just her own nerves—the walk up to the school was remarkably mundane. She lugged her two suitcases across the sprawling lawn. As she approached the fortress that grew in size with each step forward, a large group of small dots came into view, the other students.
At first Elaina thought she might have been in trouble already,If these people are all waiting to get in for some reason, I may not be inside in time for the ceremony,the ceremony in question being herAwakeningof all things. Her fears were soon assuaged though, as she realized the students didn't seem to be waiting at all, but instead mingling amongst each other, enjoying the pleasant late afternoon that hung over their first day of classes.
That was almost worse. Elaina shuffled forward through the masses of her new classmates, uncertain what to do next. She felt smaller and smaller as she waded through, approaching the now gargantuan walls of the castle. Which way was the entrance? How were these students getting along with each other so quickly? Why weren't any of them carrying luggage?
"Hey, suitcase girl!" she heard from her left, turning quickly to see a group of students, three girls and two boys, standing next to a large pile of neatly stacked luggage. "I think you're looking for this right here," a blonde girl from the group said, beckoning Elaina over with a smile.
Elaina smiled back and walked towards the group. The others stood off to the side as the one girl approached, meeting Elaina and offering to take one of the bags. "Thanks so much," Elaina said as she handed one over. "I was getting a little overwhelmed."
"No worries! Girls like us have to stick together, right? We'll just drop them over here." The mystery girl pranced over to the pile of suitcases, and the two placed the bags on top of some others that looked sturdy enough. "I spoke to an instructor earlier. Their porters or whatever will take them to our rooms."
"Oh, but I don't have a tag on them or anything," Elaina said.
The girl cocked her head, confused. "Hmm? No, that doesn't matter. You realize this is Endrin, right?" she said with a laugh.
"Man, Prisma," one of the guys from the group said, "Did you seriously just grab a hick?"Shit, no way they caught on already?Elaina thought, slinking her shoulders down. Her hopes of going more than three sentences without giving herself away were already up in flames.
"Oh shut it, Waine," the girl, Prisma, said, waving him off. "But wait, are you really a hick?"
"Uhm, I guess kind of?" Elaina said. There was no use lying. If they were going to make fun of her for it, well, "I'm from a small village out on the north border."
"Really? Are your parents nobles out there, or knights stationed there for some reason?"
"No, actually. My parents are weavers," Elaina replied, doing her best to keep from making eye contact with the group.
"Woah," Prisma said, "That's so cool! You aren't even legacy? Your aspect must be really strong to have been selected for Endrin."
"Ya, right," Waine said, "Maybe this basketmaker is even gonna get a full-fledged class at our Awakening." He stepped away from the group before leaning over and pushing his face right in front of Elaina's. "Or maybe she's just a dud."
Elaina stood there, frozen as much by Waine's words as his piercing blue eyes. He was just mocking of course—no one had been granted an actual class instead of just an aspect in centuries, and duds were just myths—but she had no idea how to respond. "Enough," Prisma said, stepping in between the two of them. "I already told her we have her back. Commoner or not, she's still one of our classmates, and they'll eat her alive if we leave her alone."
Waine looked over Elaina again and shrugged. "At least she looks the part."
Looks the part? Elaina raised her head then looked up at the group, really looked at them for the first time since she'd closed the distance.He doesn't mean... Does he?There was no denying it. None on the students Elaina could see were exactly ugly, but the group of freshmen she'd found herself with were on another level. The boys, even Waine with his spiked, angry black hair and even angrier eyes, were certainly attractive, but the other two girls were downright gorgeous.
And then there was Prisma herself. There was no way that Elaina could be grouped withherof all people, not in that way. Finally taking everything about the girl in after having been preoccupied with luggage and her own anxieties, Elaina struggled to find words for the second time in as many minutes. Prisma's platinum blonde hair fell as straight as the Endrin guards stood, extending just below her neck, resting on a chest that pushed out her wait uniform shirt and blue blazer with forceful elegance. Her chest wasn't quite as large as Elaina's, not that there were many people that Elaina knew who could say that, but sat perfectly on her torso, drawing Elaina's eyes for a period of time approaching indecency. Elaina forced out a cough, breaking away from Prisma's chest just long enough to see the hem of her skirt, stopping over milk white thighs, squished by socks rising just above the knee—
Elaina snapped her head up to Prisma's face. She had blue eyes too, like Waine, but not that piercing electric blue. A deeper, calming blue surrounded by blushing cheeks.
"Alright, I'll go along with it," Waine said. "But it's your ass that's out if she ends up dragging the group down."
Prisma rolled her eyes. "With us helping her? She'll be fine. Anyway, I'm Prisma Fireguard." She extended a hand out to Elaina. "Nice to meet you."
1.2: Orientation
Prisma Fireguard and Waine Ferris, the heirs to two of the most influential families in the country—no, world— and a trio of slightly lesser nobles as well if Elaina wasn't mistaken. After introducing herself, she was whisked away by her newfound acquaintances at the sound of a bell ringing, the dinner bell. But it wasn't dinner time just yet, not tonight. First, the Awakening.
Elaina barely had time to take in the halls Endrin Academy as she walked through them. The walls were blue like the top of the castle, with white molding running along the floor. Littered along the walls were crystals sat atop silver candelabra, providing steady light through some sort of mechanism that she wasn't familiar with, surrounding various paintings, all of them of some historic figure or event she didn't recognize. All light from her home was from either fire or the sky, and art was a very personal affair, usually a portrait of the family who owned it, but none of that compared to the most baffling thing in the halls: the floor.
White marble, Elaina might have expected. There were small marble statues in some of the wealthier manors back home, and she knew it was used as a building material in the cities, but the rugs were unfathomable. She was walking along the finest fabric she'd ever seen in her life, her dirty shoes stomping on material her parents could only have ever dreamed of working with. Material that she could only have dreamed of ever seeing herself, if she wasn't Aspected.
And she knew she wasn't supposed to be.
Maybe it shouldn't have been such a surprise that the first classmates she met were two of the most important people in the world; they came from Aspected families. Theybelonged.A chill crept over her body as she walked along, oblivious to the conversations around her as her feet pounded on a fortune that she should never have been near.
"Elaina?" she heard, jerking her head to see Prisma looking at her with concern. "Are you okay?"
Elaina stared ahead as they walked. Waine was talking with the other guy in their group, and the two girls were likewise engaged. That gave her some comfort. "I'm, uhm, a bit overwhelmed. This is a lotmorethan I was expecting."
Prisma held the back of her hand to her mouth, stifling a laugh, or maybe a giggle? "It's kind of cute seeing your reaction. This is all pretty normal for the most of us, but I guess you're not used to crystal light, huh?"
"Ya, crystal light... That's it." Elaina returned to staring at the floor, feeling that tinge of guilt with each step over the rug, and Prisma bounced off to talk with the rest of the group. Elaina trailed behind only a couple steps, but like everything else she'd seen since she arrived, the distance between her and the group seemed larger than it should have been.
And then they arrived. The banquet hall was every bit as grand as the entrance hall was, a room larger than any she'd ever seen, with crystal light chandeliers floating in the air, dozens of rounds tables filling up the space, and a giant tapestry on the wall that spanned the entire of the circular perimeter, depicting Endrin Academy itself in the center, besieged on both sides by massive armies in what could only be the final battle of the Night Wars.
At least there was no carpet.
Students seemed to be taking seats wherever they could find, filling in at the variously sized tables wherever they thought appropriate. "This way," Waine said, heading right towards the painted Endrin Academy on the back wall. The group moved through the crowd that had built up in front of them, that same crowd parting as Waine and Prisma led the group. Most who stepped aside stood still for a moment, watching the two heirs pierce their way through the room, and Elaina heard the beginnings of their murmurings as she trailed along at the end of the entourage.
"Pompous shits."
"Bastards."
"Prick."
Once they'd made it through to the other side of the hall, Elaina finally saw their destination, one that Waine seemed to know how to get to in the first place. Right below the depiction of the castle was a curved longtable, seats only on the side that faced out towards the rest of the hall. Each of those seats was already occupied, not by uniformed students, but by adults in various different forms of gaudy dress, the Endrin faculty.
In front of the faculty were a handful of seated students, but right in front was an untouched table for six. "Good, seems they know their place," Waine said as they approached.
Know their place. Elaina scanned her group as they walked up to the table,theirtable. None of the others seemed to even register the comment. "Alright, let's get this show going, we're here," the other boy in the group, Ivis, said. "You think we'll get to eat after we get ours done?"
"No," said one of the other girls, Daly, Elaina thought her name was. "They'll probably make us wait the whole thing out."
The other girl, Nyla, piped in as well, "It's whatever to me. I just want to get this whole thing over with and get to sleep."
They sat down in front of the faculty, Nyla on one side of Elaina and Prisma on the other, with Waine flanking Prisma's other side. Elaina was missing something. This was theirAwakeningof all things, but none of them seemed even remotely interested. She looked around at the surrounding tables to see if the students there were likewise disinterested, and she couldn't believe what she was seeing. Where were the nerves, the crushing anxieties, the jittering excitement? Everyone seemed to just be chatting normally, with the occasional person glaring in her direction.
"Hey," she said to Prisma, not realizing she was interrupting her conversation with Waine. "What did you mean earlier? That we have to stick together? You said it twice."
Waine himself was the one who answered. "Everyone here, besides us of course," he said, gesturing to the rest of the group, save Elaina herself, "Is looking to make a name for themselves. They'll all clique up and try to go after people to make themselves look better. There's other nobles here of course, but the six of us stand out. Even if you wouldn't be worth bothering with without us."
"Waine," Prisma said, glaring at him before turning to Elaina. "He's right though. You're better off with us, trust me. The others almost all have their cliques already."
"But—"
Elaina was cut off by what sounded like a thunderclap, but was actually the clap of a single set of hands. The man right in front of their table stood, a bald man with round spectacles enlarging his eyes on face that already seemed a little too small, wearing purple robes speckled with glittering stars that seemed to move across the fabric as he gestured to the crowd. "Most of you are seated, though I trust those that are not will soon find theirs. Do sit anywhere, please. Before we get started, I wanted to personally welcome you all here. My practical days are behind me with the better half of my adulthood, but I am honored to find myself here in service to you like I once served the kingdom at large."
Alonse Stormshine, once heir to the throne himself, now the headmaster at the most prestigious school in the world, hero of the land and older brother of the king. He didn't need to introduce himself, even to Elaina. His voice echoed across the room at an unnatural volume, louder than a yell, but spoken with the tone of a normal conversation.
"Now, some of you are likely worried about the quality of your aspect and are experiencing some degree of nervousness about it." He winked, and a chuckle rolled across the room. Elaina laughed as if she'd actually understood the joke. "No, your star signs are strong, else you wouldn't have been admitted to Endrin Academy in the first place. You are all destined for greatness and will find success in these halls. But still, we of course must first discover your bestowed gifts. And I am sure that none of you have gone ahead and figured them out yourselves, right?"
A louder chorus of laughter rose, and Elaina's mouth dropped. She looked at Waine, who seemed like he would break his jaw from laughing so hard, at Prisma, who was blushing and giggling along. They allknewtheir aspects already?
"Without further pomp from me though, let's get onto the ceremony." He waved a sleeved arm, and in front of him appeared a gemstone the size of his head, shaped like a star and rotating, changing color across the rainbow as it did, all the while a misty haze surged at its core. "We'll do this quickly so you can all eat. I'll call you up as tables. First, you all," he said, gesturing at Elaina's party.
Waine stood up first, followed by Prisma. Elaina ended up third in line just based off where they had sat at the table.This is fine. They know their aspects somehow, but I'm about to find out mine. I got accepted to Endrin, so it has to be strong enough...
Waine strutted up the stairs to the crystal, placing a single finger on top. The headmaster watched as the mist did nothing for a moment and then began swirling vigorously before halting in place. "Your aspect, good sir, is Control! Quite powerful indeed." A polite applause rolled across the room as Waine turned heel and descended the stairs, smirking at the crowd as he passed Prisma.
Once Prisma reached the crystal, she reached out in the same way Waine had, touching the top and waiting for a moment of nothing, then changing the mists into another frenzy before they stopped again. "Your aspect, my dear, is Heat! Perhaps not the most impactful name, but quite versatile indeed." Another round of applause, this time a little more energetic.
Elaina stood at the foot of the stairs leading up to the faculty table, watching Prisma stride down the steps. Once Prisma passed, Elaina turned to take a step, before freezing. The stairway was covered in carpet the shade of a ruby. She was supposed to be a weaver. She did not belong here. She couldn't step on that rug, she—
"Young miss?" Stormshine asked, his voice not echoing now, but directed right at her. Elaina took a deep breath and lurched forward, wincing with each step. She stopped at the top, staring at the crystal in front of her. "It's alright dear, go ahead," the man said to her. There was a kindness in his words, a warmth that was lost when he spoke to the whole room.
She rose her hand and placed her finger at the tip of the crystal star. Time seemed to freeze in place again as she did so, her mind racing in a thousand directions, none pleasant. At first, there was nothing. The waiting was agonizing, seeming far longer than the brief pause for Waine and Prisma. The moment of nothing continued. And continued. And continued.
Nothing.
"Holy shit," Waine's voice said from behind her. "She really is a dud!"
1.3: Drift
The next few hours were the longest moments of Elaina's life, yet as she later thought over them it all seemed a blur that she could scarce remember. After Waine's outburst, the crowd of new students couldn't help but laugh, and not a chuckle like during the headmaster's jokes either, but roaring laughter the likes of which Elaina had never heard before, and probably never would again. Alonse Stormshine beckoned her to return to her seat, so she did, carrying a lump in her chest heavier than anything she could have imagined.
She sat there for the next hour as other students went up one by one to undergo their Awakening. She didn't bother to listen to their aspects. They all had one, and that was all that mattered. When dinner was finally served by the same autonomous suit of armor she had seen guarding the gate earlier, she looked up, trying to make sense of the situation. The rest of her table ate silently, the only table doing so, as the rest of the hall chattered about during the feast. Ivis, Daly, and Nyla all struggled to hold back smirks as she glanced over them, while Waine held a furious glare at her, his eyes boring through her. She hadn't had to look up to know he was angry though. He'd been right, after all.
Prisma only looked down, eating in complete silence, utterly composed, acting as if nothing had been amiss. Almost, anyway. Her eyes betrayed her as well, the shame, pity, and disappointment evident even to an Elaina whose own embarrassment had her in such a stupor she herself was barely conscious.
Embarrassment wasn't all though. Embarrassment, shame, humiliation even, Elaina was well used to, and she had her own ways of handling them. This was alsoloss.She'd resolved to remake herself at Endrin, to become better than anyone ever thought she could be. She knew she didn't deserve the opportunity, that she hadn't worked for it or earned it, but for a year, at least, she'd had the opportunity, had a future.
It was gone. She was a dud, and she'd have to return home a dud. Could she even return home? She couldn't afford passage. The academy had paid for her trip here, and now they owed nothing to her. And even if they would pay for it just to get her out of their sight, would she really be able to go back, endure the tormenting from her childhood friends, the gossip from the townspeople who'd always told her she'd never amount to anything, the disappointment from her parents?
Yes. That at least, she could manage.
Resigned, Elaina took a deep breath and began eating her food. It was exquisite, but tasted like mulch in her mouth. The tea served with it was elegance in a cup, but to her only tasted of mud. She barely noticed that a room key had been placed on the table with her dessert.Hah, at least they're going to let me stay the night before throwing me out.
People slowly began trickling out of the hall after dessert was served. Elaina had thought there might be some speech from the headmaster before they were dismissed, but she supposed that he had already said something to them before dinner started, before she'd regained her small modicum of composure back. Eventually, her table began getting up too. Ivis first, then Daly and Nyla together. Finally, Waine stood up, grabbing Prisma by the arm as he did. "Come on, let's go."
Prisma sat for just a moment, sparing a single glance at Elaina before nodding and standing up with them. Elaina wanted to speak, to say something. A thank you for the kindness, however short lived. Elaina had never deserved it, but for a brief moment it had been offered. As long as the moment stretched in her mind though, the moment did end. Prisma walked away, arm in arm with Waine, and Elaina remained, alone. She drew in a deep breath and grabbed her key.I don't even know where to go with this,she thought before pushing her chair back and standing up.
"Excuse me, Miss," a voice said from behind her. She twisted back and laid eyes once more on the man who would have been her headmaster, Alonse Stormshine. "Would you care to join me in my office for a moment?"
***
Elaina had expected even more opulence in the office of Alonse Stormshine, but it wasn't to be found. The walls and flooring were still Endrin, of course, complete with the red carpet, but the desk he sat at across from her was normal, as normal as the one her mother had back home, maybe even less ornate, even if it the quality of construction betrayed that it was crafted by a better artisan. There were portraits of other people, headmasters of the past most likely, on the walls, and a large library of books, more books than Elaina had ever seen, but comparatively speaking it was the least extravagant room she'd been in since she left the inn that same morning.
"Now," the headmaster said, opening a drawer from his desk and pulling out a glass. "How old are you, Elaina?"
She'd never given her name, but that seemed like the least of her worries right now. "Twenty, sir."
"Good!" He placed the glass in front of her, then took out one for himself and a bottle filled with amber liquid. "And your birthday?"
"Uhm, today, sir."
He nodded, smiling as he uncorked the bottle and poured drinks for the two of them, filling hers up just barely short of halfway, with his nearly to the brim. "I suspected it was today or tomorrow."
Elaina stared at the glass in front of her, wondering what she should do with it. "Is it okay for me to drink this?"
"Of course! You're of age as of today, after all, legally speaking anyway," he said as he took a long sip from his. He visibly relaxed as he did so, sinking back into the chair. While the desk was nothing close to ornate, the chair was indeed lavish, even more so than the dining room chairs from before. He had is vices, she supposed "Students still aren't allowed to drink of course, but you've had quite a long day, so I'll make an exception. And besides, you're nottechnicallya student."
Elaina froze as she was reaching for the cup, as if she was one of those automatons that had suddenly lost its magic.
Stormshine laughed, waving her off. "Sorry, sorry. I shouldn't jest like that. I've always had bad taste in jokes, almost as bad as my taste in drinks."
Elaina, still stunned, nodded, though she wasn't sure what she was agreeing to. She took a sip from the glass, feeling thick liquid fire run down her throat. She choked what little had passed her lips down before slamming the glass on the table and coughing.
"I did warn you," the headmaster said, finishing his drink off before pouring himself another full glass. "Now, first thing's first, you haven't done anything wrong."
"But-"
"You have donenothingwrong." His voice was forceful again, like when he'd been speaking to the entire first year class, but the warmth she'd heard when she was on the platform was still there too. "This is a clerical error, a quite unfortunate one, but still just a clerical error."
"I don't have an aspect, though. How is that clerical?"
"You don't have an aspect yet," he said, taking another swig of what Elaina now assumed was brandy, "But you will."
Elaina paused to think, taking another small sip of her own drink. She was twenty years old, twenty years old exactly, and even she knew that aspects presented at exactly your coming of age. She coughed slightly as she put her drink down, "If- if I am Aspected, shouldn't it have awakened by now?"
The headmaster pursed his lips, staring at her with a raised eyebrow. "Technically, no, but it's complicated." He opened another drawer and brought out a small starmap. "You are star blessed, as you've been told, but the stars have been acting slightly strange lately.
"Our astrology department has published papers on it, but it's not yet widely known beyond academics. Your village's head priest should know about it, but..." He trailed off, glancing at his cup. "I mean no offense, but we don't expect much from your region in terms of aspected individuals. It's very possible that he wasn't informed, or that if he was he didn't pay attention to the papers, possibly didn't even understand the implications"
That last one sounded about right to Elaina, to be fair. It's why she worried there may have been a mistake in the first place. "Uhm, right. But, what are you talking about?"
The man waved his hands towards the map, shaking his head back and forth. "To make a long story short, the stars aren't in exactly the places they should be. We call it the Celestial Drift. In practical terms: over the last decade there have actually been a total of two extra days than there are on our yearly calendars. Meaning that even though you are legally an adult, as I said, astrologically, you have two days left until your birthday."
Two days. Because the gods had decided to pull some strange celestial prank, Elaina was two days short of her Awakening. And two days short of the enrollment deadline as well. "So... I can't attend Endrin this year, but next year I can?"
"Nonsense," Stormshine said, downing his second glass. He glanced at the bottle for a moment before shaking his head and capping it off, returning both to the drawer in his desk. "As I said, this is not your fault. Technically you're correct, that you shouldn't be here at all yet, but I'm not about to send you back home over something like this. I've written to my idiot brother a number of times over the last five years to officially do something about the calendars, but he's more concerned with frivolities than accurate record keeping.
"Besides, the weekend tomorrow. Your birthday, as far as the gods are concerned anyway, is in just two days, the day before classes start. We'll have a special redo Awakening then just for you, and everything will be sorted." He smiled at her. The lump in her chest finally faded away, and she started to cry.
"I'm sorry, I don't know why I'm crying now."
"No no, it's alright, you're alright." He placed his hands across the desk on hers, waiting for her to finish crying. She wasn't sure if it was a minute or an hour, but he waited as long as she needed. "You should probably get some rest now."
Elaina nodded, about to get up before she remembered something. "Earlier, you said the other students had— well, you said they hadn't done it, but it was obvious they did..."
"Ah, yes." With a flourish, the crystal that had been used for the Awakening appeared again above the desk. "This isn't the only one of these devices. It not only triggers an Awakening, but also detects the aspect of anyone who is already awakened. They're not cheap to come buy, but the wealthy students, the vast majority of the students here, well, it's well within their price range to rent for a night. It is illegal, of course, but I'd say a good ninety percent of the students here have already had their Awakenings, unofficially."
"Oh," Elaina said. It was that simple, of course. Money bought everything, she knew that, but to be so casual about breaking the law...
"I guess I should warn you. Those who have already unofficially awakened didn't just check their aspects. They've been practicing. Some are about your age and have barely had a few weeks of it, but others are nearly a year older than you."
"So, I'm behind."
The headmaster paused for a moment, stunned by the sudden bluntness. "Yes, you're behind. But they won't have been doing intense study. They can't go about practicing in public, and getting Endrin quality teachers will have been out of the question. All the teachers of that caliber have been here, of course, teaching last year's freshmen."
Elaina nodded, determined. "But I have work to do."
"Yes. But as I said, that can wait. For now, go get some rest."
Elaina finished off her drink, placing the glass back on the table, only sputtering out a small cough this time. "Thanks for that. I think it helped. And for everything else, Headmaster Stormshine."
"No no," he said, standing up to guide her to the exit. "Just 'Headmaster' is fine, or 'Headmaster Alonse' if you must. Stormshine is such a terrible, gaudy name, don't you think?" His mouth broke into a wide grin as he opened the door, slightly yellowed teeth baring at her.
"Oh, al-alright, Headmaster Alonse. Have a good night." She bowed her head as she exited then headed off down the hallway.
Idiot brother, terrible name. Two statements that were borderline treason. The man was warm, kind even, Elaina could tell, but there was something about him that was slightly off. She was happy he would spare her the ordeal of waiting another year back home, but there was something strange about the man.
That would have to wait though, because it was late, and she was tired. And she also realized she still had no idea where her room was.
1.4: Dormitory
Fortunately for Elaina, she already had the key to finding her dorm, quite literally. As soon as she pulled her room key from her pocket she felt it pulling her down the hall and up floors, and after a not so quick walk through the school she found her way to a sign indicating the west wing's first year dorms. Her key continued to beckon her through the open entryway, and she found herself inside of a common lounge, filled with sofas and tables hosting a handful of students.
She had heard them from outside, the raucous joy of new Endrin students, but as she entered the entire room stilled both in movement and sound. Some students avoided her gaze, acting like they had all decided to stop talking for some entirely unrelated reason, but the majority of them stared. Elaina herself froze as she entered, clutching her key as she scanned the room. There was a mixture of boys and girls in the room, but thankfully none from her earlier group.Small blessings,she thought.
Her feet refusing to move forward, she was speaking before she knew why, "So, uh, there was a problem with my Awakening timing, something about stars drifting? Anyway, I'll be having my Awakening in two days now, so..." The crowd didn't seem to know how to react. The ones who were glaring before continued, and those who had bowed their heads now stared at her with confusion. Elaina could feel her face going red, still not sure why she was compelled to say anything at all. "But ya, I'm sorry for any trouble I caused. I'll just— I'll go now, I guess?"
Her feet finally moved, carrying her through the crowd and to the stairs, the stairs that were of course on the complete opposite side of the room. There were two sets, and her key led her up the left flight. She started up them, tripping on the first couple before catching herself on the handrail. Knowing she was still being watched, she sprinted the rest of the way. Once she'd finally gotten up and found her room, she fumbled the key towards the handle. Hand shaking, she finally managed to get the door open after realizing it wasn't actually locked and forced her way inside.
Her room was more tame than what she'd expected, based off what she'd seen so far, divided into two identical sections split by one window that overlooked the grounds. Each side had a small dresser sitting across from a bed, which was bigger than her bed at home and covered with fine linen, but not nearly as lavish as everything else she'd seen.
Elaina sighed in relief as she noticed her two suitcases sitting next to the far dresser. The way her night had been going she wasn't even sure her key had actually been guiding her anywhere, that she'd been hallucinating the entire thing until she'd found a random dorm to barge into. But her stuff was here, andshewas here. Home, as the case was.
She placed her key on the dresser and then went to open her suitcase before thinking better of it. Unpacking could wait until tomorrow. She walked over to the one crystal light in the room, mounted on the wall just next to her dresser. There was no dial like on an oil lantern, and she wondered for a moment how to turn it off. The only other crystal object she'd seen was the Awakening crystal, and that was touch activated, so—
Darkness, instantaneous as she tapped it. She jumped back, startled at the sudden change, no fading like a lantern being turned off, not even the faint flickering of blowing out a candle, but she soon composed herself.
The room was still faintly lit, fortunately, by the moon coming in through the window, so she had no trouble making her way back to the door to lock it. She stripped off her uniform and underwear before shoving them in her dresser and making her way to the corresponding bed and throwing herself under the sheets.
Thesheets.She'd resented the use of fine linen on carpet, meant to be trampled on by hundreds every day, but these sheets were nothing short of magic, and for all she knew that was literal, as there were no mundane methods of weaving she knew of that could make such a thing. Rugs, no, but sheets? They were worth it. She wiggled in between them, lavishing in the feeling.Silk, maybe?She'd heard of it before, and could only assume this was it.
Elaina was ready for sleep, sleep that would come easily with a bed this nice, but one thing had to come first. There was only one way she knew how to relax after the amount of stress she'd endured.
She pulled an arm out from the sheets and ran her hand along them, starting at her thigh, moving up herself, feeling both the fabric itself and it pressing into her body.It's been... A long day.She closed her eyes as her hand moved up her torso, stopping as it cupped her breast. She squeezed, breathing in as the smooth material glided between her fingers, breathing out as her palm lifted and her fingers caressed her nipple through the silk.
Yes, this she could get used to.
One hand continued to massage her breast as the other slipped down below her waist, brushing against her lips, already smooth to the touch.Who even knows how long I've been this wet.She rubbed there but was more focused on her chest. She'd always loved playing with them, massaging her tits and pulling at her nipples, but this was different. It had always been direct touch before, because why wouldn't it be? The less in the way the better.
That was before she'd found something softer than her own skin though. She grinded her left fingers with her waist, but the sensation across her torso was the true star tonight. She'd had mixed feelings about her chest before, the size drawing looks from basically anyone she'd met, but they'd also proven quite sensitive when she was alone. That sensitivity was still there, only amplified by the strange new feeling, and tonight the size only meant there was more of her to touch the silk that was giving her such pleasure.
After teasing herself enough, she finally entered with her fingers, letting out a small moan. She didn't know how thick the dorm walls were, so she had to be careful, but she couldn't quite stopeverysound, now could she?Fuck me, I've needed this.Relief surged with each and every thrust of her wrist, ever pinch of her nipple.
Her mind drifted of course, like always. Every little embarrassment she'd suffered today. The teasing from the group when they'd first met, her standing in front of the entire school, realizing that she wouldn't be Awakening, the laughter after she was called a dud in front of everyone, the stammering explanation she gave her classmates just minutes before. There was only one way to get these thoughts out of her head, only one way to deal with the humiliation.
She heaved as she picked up speed, biting her lip and rubbing her chest with her entire arm instead of just a hand. She breathed out a heavy sigh, opening her eyes to look down at her own body lit by only the soft moon, pulling the sheets down to her waist to finally give her chest the direct touch she needed to finish herself.
She froze, covers pulled down near to her groin as something caught her eye. She turned to her right, to the other bed in the room, a bed that had been empty when she laid down, but which was now very much occupied.Fuckfuckfucknononono.Who the fuck was this person? Her roommate, obviously. How did she get in? A key, of course. How did Elaina not hear her? Because she had been oblivious to anything outside of her own bed. Had she seen, had she heard? There was no doubt that her roommate had seen something, heard something, the only question was how much. But for now, the newcomer was in bed, seemingly asleep, head turned away from Elaina, completely still.
Elaina looked down at herself, her exposed chest. She was so close to having exposed everything to this girl.But... I didn't? And she seems asleep now.She resumed softly thrusting into herself and rubbing her exposed tits. The roommate was still motionless, completely oblivious. Elaina had already gotten this far, so she might as well finish, right? After all, there was no way she could sleep now with this new knowledge, even more mortified than she'd been before. She stared at her roommate as she pleasured herself, just making sure that she didn't wake.
Fuck it.She closed her eyes again. She didn't want to see the back of her roommate's head. She wanted to imagine it, being walked in on by a stranger she'd have to live with as she was inside of herself, wailing in pleasure. She would know she should stop, but she wouldn't be able to, the ecstasy too intense, just like she couldn't stop now. Eyes still closed, she tossed the sheets off her waist and down to her knees; she didn't care if she was seen or not anymore. She built back up to her earlier speed, choking out soft moans. When it finally came, it was explosive, and she lout out a near cry as wave after wave of relief washed over her entire body.
As soon as the relief stopped, the shame returned. Elaina opened her eyes and yanked the sheets up to her neck in a panic. Her roommate was in the same position, facing the opposite wall.Did... Did I really not wake her?There was no way to know, not tonight anyway.It's over. Whatever happened it's over. I'll deal with it tomorrow.She closed her eyes and let herself sink back into the bed as her face continued to burn, now even harder than before.At least I still have nice sheets,she thought.
They were nice.Reallynice. She ran her fingers across the material once more, stopping as she reached her chest again. Her eyes flicked back over to the other bed, the girl in it still asleep. Elaina's other hand drifted back down.One more won't hurt anything, right?
1.5: Courage
The first thing Elaina did when she opened her eyes was look over to the empty, neatly made bed across the room.She's gotta be the quietest person I've ever met, evernotmet.Elaina wasn't sure what time it was, but knew it was after breakfast at least, as she vaguely remembered ignoring the morning bell. There was only one bell for each meal at Endrin, with an additional bell at their designated midnight curfew, and she didn'tthinkshe'd slept through the noon bell too, so she decided she could take her time getting up.
Elaina looked down at herself, seeing she'd pulled up all of her covers to her neck in an effort to stay warm. At least she'd managed to keep her modesty in the daylight. She struggled out of bed and over to her luggage, taking out each article of her casual wear and her spare uniform. She blushed as she took out the pajamas she'd packed, knowing full well that she should be wearing them right now. She glanced over at the door while she stored them away as well.
A quick unpacking left Elaina with only underwear left to put away, and to pick out for the day.It's not like anyone's going to see it, so it doesn't really matter.Even as she thought that she picked out one of her nicer sets, a black lace set she'd actually made herself since there was no way her mother would have made it for her. It was still mostly modest, covering all of the important things in front, but the back was more of a sheer affair. Elaina wasn't quite as endowed in the back as she was in her chest, but she thought she had a nice shape and liked the idea of showing it off a little, if she ever got around to getting that far with anyone.
Prisma. She had an ass to be proud of, Elaina had noticed, even through the quite chaste uniform skirt she'd seen her in.I wonder if I'll ever talk to her again...She lingered on thoughts of Prisma's smile for a moment more, then heard the lunch bell.
Going outside was almost the last thing she wanted to do right now, but going another minute without eating was the absolute last thing she wanted to do, so Elaina threw on the uniform skirt and jacket she'd worn the day prior over a new shirt. She had two sets of the jacket and skirt, but she wouldn't be able to keep up with changing them every day. With a deep breath she exited her sanctuary and walked out into world.
The common room was empty as she made her way down, the students likely already heading towards the dining hall, and the halls were sparse as well. Elaina had braced for far more attention as she walked down the halls, but was surprised to find only a few of the students she walked with noticed her at all.Right, some of these aren't first years.She'd have at least a day or two before everyone knew about last night. Well, that was optimistic, but at least a day or two before they all found out exactly what she looked like, and by then she'd actually be Aspected.One more day.
The hall itself was almost completely different. The walls and floor were of course the same, and the faculty dining area was still there, no not nearly as full as the night before, but the individual small group tables were gone, replaced by rows of long tables circling the room, closing in on the center where there was a serving station manned by what looked to be metal people, no metal skeletons with eyes and no ribcage? She'd seen these same creatures last night too, but had been in too much of a stupor to pay them much attention, but now as she did she noticed how alien the really appeared with their not quite human proportions, being made of blueish purple metal that she'd never seen before. Whatever they looked like, Elaina knew what they were: Endrin's famous automatons, and like most other people she knew little more than that about them.
She grabbed a plate of food from the serving creatures and skittered over to an empty seat. She glanced around to see if she knew anyone, if any of the five people she knew were nearby, but couldn't find any, not even Headmaster Alonse, who was absent from his seat at the head of the staff table.
People recognized her though. While scanning the crowd, Elaina couldn't help but notice the whispering and pointing coming at her from near every direction. She bowed her down as she finished eating, doing her best to ignore the attention. She noticed that everyone else had just been leaving plates on the table, and that those same plates were shortly picked up by automatons to be taken off into a side exit. Elaina did the same and started off before someone grabbed her sleeve, "Excuse me?"
Elaina turned, and her heart froze. Prisma was standing there, alone, looking at Elaina with a flushed face. "Sorr, can we talk a moment?"
"Oh, sure," Elaina stammered out, looking down at Prisma's hand. Prisma pulled her off to the edge of the room and out the door, leading into a large antechamber just outside the dining room where a good number of other students were chatting.
"I, uhmm..." Prisma bit her lip and l looked away, a display of cuteness that was matched only by the cutest of kittens Elaina had ever seen. "I wanted to apologize for yesterday. For, uhm, everything I guess." Prisma turned to the ground, obviously in turmoil. "We, uh, Waine wants to apologize too."
"No, I embarrassed all of you-"
"He just wants to apologize, okay?" Prisma nearly shouted the words, her composure breaking even further, Elaina taken aback as the crowd of students around them turned. Prisma noticed the crowd as well and lowered her voice again. "Look, I don't even..." She took a deep breath, then continued, "There's an event tonight called a test of courage, an initiation thing for the incoming class that the upper classmen do. We walk out into the forest in groups, and they try to scare us and stuff."
Prisma looked down again, glancing up at Elaina, but not quite making eye contact. "Waine wants you with us for it. He says he wants to apologize, that he didn't mean to say that last night."
Elaina stared at the girl as her words trailed off, Prisma's gentle blue eyes welling up. "I guess I can go, if you really want me to?"
Prisma stood there for a moment before nodding. "I have to go, and I have plans for dinner, prior commitments... So, meet us out front at eleven?"
"That's not too late?" Eleven was pushing up on the midnight curfew.
Prisma shook her head. "No, this is a semi-official event, and there's always a little leeway since the bell rings at midnight anyway. We just have to start heading back when we hear the bell."
"Okay." The word caught in Elaina's mouth. Had she really salvaged this relationship, relationships? No, if anyone had, it was Prisma, and Elaina could tell it was hard on her.She fought so hard for me yesterday too.
"Good," Prisma said, recomposing herself. Her eyes were determined now as she nodded along to her own words. "I'll see you then." She turned around and began to walk away before stopping and turning back for a moment. "I really am sorry."
***
Elaina stepped out front into the grounds after she'd eaten, taking in the expanse in front of her. It was the first time she'd been back outside since arriving the day prior, and without the giant crowd of people in front of the entrance like the day before it was also the best look she'd had at the sprawling garden in front of her, darkness or not. Flanked on either side of the large walkway was a vast array of flowers with pathways leading into a hedge maze that extended off to each side of the castle, all lit by faint blue crystal light.
There were a few groups walking the same path, some going out and some going in, and at the edge of the garden stood the group of five that Elaina had met earlier, waiting at a fork that led to the forest to the east of the school. Prisma stared off towards the forest as the other four chatted together. "Hey, there she is," Waine said as she approached. Elaina hesitated as he walked up and extended his hand for her to take. "Hey, sorry about last night. I was being a prick, but Prisma set me straight."
Elaina stared up at him for a moment before shaking his hand. His eyes were... Different. There was a calmness in them now, not as warm as Prisma's, but a far cry from the intensity and rage she'd seen in them before. "No, I understand," she said. "I kind of ruined everything for you all..."
Everyone except Waine and Prisma chuckled at the comment, averting her gaze. "Don't worry about it. We have ways of showing everyone we're still the top of the school. Now come on, the others already started." The group started walking off, leaving Elaina to trail behind. She'd hoped to be able to walk along with Prisma, but Prisma stayed at the front with Waine, leaving the other three to make up the middle as Elaina brought up the rear. Elaina could bear this for now, though. She'd been let back in, and the day before the group makeup had been similar, with Prisma bouncing around it as they walked to the hall. It would take time for Elaina to get to know all of them, especially after what had happened, but she could be patient.
The truth in Waine's comment about others having started the test of courage became quickly apparent as screams emanated from the woods, getting louder with each step forward. They weren't screams of genuine terror, Elaina could tell. There was actually a similar tradition in the town she'd grown up in that took place in the fields during harvest season, and the screams she heard now were the same types of screams she'd heard when she'd taken part in that.
She didn't like to think about that time. She'd only gone to that once, the autumn she turned eighteen, and that had beenunpleasant.This time was different. She had a group of people with her this time, where at least one of them seemed to genuinely like her, and a second seemed to be warming up to her. Though, she was curious about how fast Waine had changed his attitude about her.
"We're gonna go in this way," Waine said, turning slightly to the right and heading towards the forest.
"It sounds like the rest of the people are straight ahead," Elaina said.
"We don't need to follow them. There'll be plenty of action this way."
The group did only veer off a little, so Elaina followed, their group's formation not changing, but the conversation dying down as they entered. They were surrounded by trees far taller than any she'd ever seen, having been born in a farming town with more plains than forest, but the canopy wasn't thick enough to shut out all light, so the full moon still shone through a little, giving them enough light to navigate.
"So, what should we expect?" Elaina asked.
Ivis was the one to answer, "There were a bunch of upperclassmen hiding behind trees and stuff, using their aspects to come out and scare us freshers," he said.
"Wait, have you already been in?" Elaina asked.
"Nah," Waine said, turning back and glaring at Ivis. "We heard students talking about it as they came back."
"How long has it been going on?"
"Since sunset," Prisma said, the first words she'd spoken since Elaina arrived. "We're one of the last groups to go in."
"Oh," Elaina said, thinking back to their conversation earlier. "Is there like, prestige in going later?"
"Something like that," Waine said.
As they made their trek, they heard more and more screams. Eventually the sounds grew to a head, but as Elaina continued on with the group they became less frequent again, the volume dying out as the moved forward.
They eventually came to a small clearing in the woods, a place where their entire group could stand in undisturbed moonlight. "This is far enough, right?" Prisma said, stopping.
Waine looked around the clearing and then back towards the sounds of the other students, almost inaudible at this point. "Ya, it is."
"But we haven't even seen anyone else yet," Elaina said.
Waine smiled. Not the warm smile from earlier today, the wicked, vicious smile she'd seen on him when they'd first met. "No need to worry. Prisma here is going to give you the initiation you deserve."
1.6: Control
Elaina lost control of her body with nothing but a flick of Waine's wrist, her arms and legs freezing in place. "Control," he said. "A powerful aspect, just like old Stormshine said. A godlike one, really. If you were actually Aspected, you'd be able to resist it, even unawakened, but we all know what you really are. Still, I wanted to give you a taste of what a real Aspected can do before we send you packing. Though, there might not be much packing you have to do."
Ivis, Daly, and Nyla all chuckled, but even beyond her lack of mobility Elaina was still frozen. She could tell she had control over her mouth, eyes, her neck even, but all she could do was stare as Prisma reached into her uniform pocket and pulled out a pair of scissors.
"You make clothes, right?" Waine continued. "You should know a pair of fabric scissors when you see them. Prisma here is going to make some alterations to your outfit, make it into something more fitting for someone like you." The other three laughed even louder.
"What?" Elaina choked out.
"Someone that isn't actually a student here, he means," Prisma said, walking forward with her shears.
The uniform. "No! Please!" Elaina shouted. "Someone, help—"
"Don't scream like a child," Prisma said. "No one's going to come help you. Not here, not tonight."
Prisma was right. Though not as loud as before, Elaina could still hear the faint shouting of some of the other students; she was just another tree in forest. She looked into Prisma's eyes.Cold.Every trace of warmth, friendliness, and caring was gone from them. "Why are you doing this?" Elaina asked.
"We told you not to embarrass us," Prisma said, looking down at Elaina's skirt. "I'll start with this?"
"Up to you," Waine said. "Just makes sure she gets the message."
"Right." Prisma opened the scissors and bent down, slashing the blades down the front of Elaina's skirt. Elaina looked down, seeing her already short skirt split up to the center, right below her underwear.
"Whoo!" Ivis shouted. He was holding some sort of flat, rectangular crystal in his hand. "Prisma, move to the side, I want a better shot."
Prisma whipped her head back, glaring at Ivis, but Waine spoke up first, "Not while Prisma's in frame, you idiot. You can have plenty later."
Prisma turned back to Elaina and carried on, making cut after cut around her skirt, quick sweeps of the blades across the material as she walked around her prey. Elaina struggled, tears welling up in her eyes, to move her hands, to cover herself, to place her hands over her crotch.
She had to cover that. She couldn't let them see her wetness. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't move either hand even an inch.
There was a loud rip as Prisma took the blade up through the back of Elaina's jacket. That was it, the entire uniform set ruined. Even with her sewing skills, Elaina knew she'd never be able to wear it again.
When Prisma came back around to the front with one more slice across the side of her skirt, Elaina looked into her eyes once again. In the darkness, she thought there was maybe a bit of pain in them, a tinge of regret.
"Prisma, please, I'm really sorry! I know I embarrassed you all, but I didn't mean it, I didn't know! If I did, I wouldn't have even gone up there."
Prisma frowned, stopping her hand mid movement. "We told you not to drag us down. And it's my job to teach you what happens when you don't listen." Two quick strokes. The front buttons of Elaina's jacket popped off, and the garment fell down each of her arms in two pieces, catching on her immobilized wrists, hanging on her by the sleeves.
Prisma moved onto the shirt next, cutting open the front, slowly this time to not cut Elaina's skin as she moved across the tight-fitting chest area. With careful precision there and a few quicker cuts on the looser section below, Elaina's first real bit of exposure crept out. She looked down at her chest, her black bra pushing her breasts together, the lace at the top barely covering her areola as the outline of her erect nipples pushed the thin fabric out.
"Holy shit," Nyla said, cackling. "Her tits are bigger than yours, Prisma." Nyla and Daly were both on the smaller side themselves.
"It is a shame," Waine said. "She's actually hot enough to be a noble."
"You like cow tits like that?" Daly asked, laughing away as well. Prisma gritted her teeth and did another circle around Elaina, cutting along the backside of her shirt as well. When she came back around, she looked at the tattered piece of fabric around Elaina's waist once more before slicing across right at the top, leaving only a small sliver of skirt above Elaina's exposed underwear.
Ivis whistled. "Those are some nice panties," he said, circling Elaina as well. "They're even see through in the back! How'd you afford these?"
"I- I made them," Elaina stammered out. She knew she shouldn't even be speaking, but for some reason she felt compelled to answer.
"Aww, just for us?" Waine said, walking up to her. At his approach, a shiver ran through Elaina's body, true fear. "I knew you were a dud, but a slut too? I wonder how they feel." He reached out a hand to grab her breast.
"No," Prisma said, catching his wrist before he reached his target. She glared at him with an intensity that exceeded even the look he'd given Elaina the night before, when she'd failed to awaken. "That's not part of the lesson we're teaching."
Elaina stared at Waine's hand, heart pounding, stomach turning. She'd been okay up until that, up untilhehad tried to touch her. Another girl,Prisma,she could deal with. She'd dealt with worse before, anyway, but Waine? Elaina felt like she was going to vomit.
Waine glared back at Prisma, his wrist struggling inside her hand, Prisma's knuckles white with effort, until finally he snatched his hand away. Elaina exhaled in relief. "Fine," Waine said. "Hurry up and step away from her so we can get the portraits."
Portraits?Prisma stepped aside, away from the the group as Ivis pulled out that same rectangular crystal from before, Nyla, Daly, and Waine doing the same. Waine pointed his at Elaina, touched it with a finger, and then a flash of blue crystal light erupted from it, blinding Elaina for a moment and fading immediately.
"Crystal portraits," Waine said, walking back up to Elaina. He turned the crystal around, and Elaina's eyes opened in shock as she saw the front of it. It was a portrait alright, the most realistic one she'd ever seen, of her standing in her ripped uniform, both her bra and panties exposed entirely, the only undamaged pieces of clothing being them, her brown boots, and black thigh high socks. She couldn't believe how slutty the image of her was: tits out, legs slightly spread and arms off to her sides while she looked straight ahead in absolute obliviousness.
Her pussy clenched when she realized how pathetic she looked. At least her panties being black was hiding how wet she was, for now.
She watched, dumbfounded, as Waine stepped back and the rest of the group started taking pictures of her as well. Each time a flash emitted from one of the crystals, another image of her in the most humiliating state of her life was being recorded. Fortunately, all she could do was watch. At this point she was thankful she was being held back by Waine's aspect, because she knew she wouldn't be able to keep from pleasuring herself in front of them at this point.Gods, how terrible would that be? They'd have so many portraits of it...
At first, Prisma just followed the group around, staying out of frame and watching as they took pictures, but eventually even she joined in taking pictures as well. Elaina squirmed even harder when she realized that.
"Okay," Prisma finally said. "We have enough. I'm gonna finish up now."
'Fuck yeah," Ivis said. Pumping his fist
Nyla smirked, "Yeah, even I'm gonna enjoy this I think."
Daly shoved at Nyla's arm, smiling even wider herself. "You damn pervs."
Elaina watched in horror as Prisma took out the scissors again and approached. "Prisma, stop! I get it, ok? I don't belong with your group, I don't belong in this school!"
Prisma stared back with a blank expression. "You don't deserve to wear any part of that uniform," she said. She cut away the sleeves of her jacket, it being the first thing to fall to the ground, followed shortly after by what remained of her shirt and skirt. Prisma even went down to her socks and boots, cutting them up with some difficulty and pulling them off as well. Every single bit of Endrin issued clothing in tatters, Elaina stood there, the only thing protecting her modesty being the small pieces of lace fabric she'd made herself.
Prisma stared at Elaina's chest. She opened the scissors up once more and brought them up, taking them to the front of Elaina's bra before stopping. The whole forest seemed to freeze, even the distant screams from the other test of courage participants stopping momentarily. The blades closed with a snip, right in front of Elaina's bra, leaving it unharmed. Prisma tucked the scissors away in her jacket. "Alright, we're done here," she said.
"What?" Ivis asked, holding out his crystal portrait. "You can't stop now, it's just getting good!"
"No," Prisma said. "She's got the message, and we have proof we gave it to her." She circled Elaina once more. "But we need insurance. If she tries to tell anyone about this now we'll probably just get a slap on the wrist, but if we go further even we might get in actual trouble. She's going to stay quiet though, because next time, this—" Elaina yelped as Prisma pulled her bra strap out and let it smack back into her skin— "And this—" Elaina let out an "Eep!" as Prisma yanked the back of her panties up into her ass cheeks— "Aren't going to be spared if we have to do this again. Right, Waine?"
Waine considered for a moment before putting his own portrait device away. "She's right. Getting the dud naked sounds fun, but it's too risky. Stormshine seems to have taken a liking to her for some reason. Come on, lets go." He turned away and began walking back towards the school. "My aspect will wear off in a couple minutes, let's get going so we don't have to show up with her."
Nyla and Daly both shrugged and turned around to follow. Ivis stared at Prisma, his crystal still in hand. "Damnit," he said, finally putting it away and following the group.
Prisma stayed for a moment, looking at Elaina but saying nothing. Her eyes were distant, the change in them as stark as the change was in Waine's when he'd tricked Elaina into coming out here. Elaina knew which was the real Waine, but couldn't help but wonder which was the real Prisma.
Prisma glanced over her shoulder to make sure her friends weren't watching before taking out her crystal portrait one more time. "You really do look so cute like this." She took one more picture before putting the device away and walking off, leaving Elaina hanging alone in the clearing.
It was indeed only a couple of minutes before Waine's aspect fell off and Elaina fell to ground, having grown used to not having to hold herself up. The first thing she did was shove her fingers into her panties, vigorously rubbing her sopping pussy.They're probably gone now.Even if they weren't she couldn't stop herself. She had to deal with this now.Portraits of me.Prisma had said they were "proof" that they'd taught Elaina a lesson, so they were going to show them to others.How many? Just a couple of other nobles? The entire school?Gods, she hoped it was the latter.
She came almost immediately. In fact, she was pretty sure she would have came if Prisma had finished stripping her naked, even without any touching. "Gods, okay, I needed that." She lay on the ground, panting in the middle of the clearing. She looked around, half thinking the group might still be there, but they had been gone for minutes at this point. "I really wish someone had seen that."
Did she really just say that? Out loud.Fuck me.She covered her face with her cum soaked hand, trying to hide her blushing from the world. She'd always known, deep down, thought it in the back of her mind without ever truly admitting it. She didn't deal with humiliation by fucking herself, she dealt with the absurd levels of horniness that humiliation gave her by fucking herself. It had been terrifying at first, especially when Waine had come to touch her, but once Prisma had stopped him...That was the best experience of my life.
With the thought of the pictures of her being spread around school creeping back into her mind Elaina was about to strip off completely. She'd had no time to earlier, but she could be naked for round two. Just as she reached the back clasp of her bra, running her fingers over the spot Prisma had snapped and relishing in the small pain it gave, the bell rang. Midnight.
"Shit," she said, abandoning her attempt to strip and standing up. "I have to get back." Embarrassment she would have to admit she liked, but she still didn't want to be punished for breaking curfew. She looked back at the strips of her uniform, dirt stained and in tatters on the ground around her.Actually curfew, might not be the biggest of my problems.She'd have to deal with that later. For now, she sprinted off towards the school.
She immediately stepped on a rock, stumbled in pain, and tripped over a branch, sending her rolling across the ground. She tumbled into a small opening she hadn't seen before, rolling for a good deal of time downhill before landing in near pure darkness.
She grabbed her left foot, stretching it out to check for serious damage. She tried putting weight on it before crying out in pain.Fuck, it's not broken, is it?
The pain brought Elaina back to her senses, to a reality unclouded by her own pathetic arousal. She'd just been attacked, stripped, humiliated. She should have never come out here, and if it hadn't been for Prisma, theoneperson she was sure she could actually trust here, she wouldn't have. She'd been wrong, and she couldn't trust Prisma.But... She seemed hesitant, like she regretted it.No, it didn't matter if Prisma regretted what she'd done; she'd done it anyway.
Elaina felt around and found a small boulder she could use to support herself and started to pull herself up, wincing as she moved her bad ankle. As she leaned against the rock and grabbed the top, blue light flashed from it, crystal light.
"System initializing," a monotone, inhuman yet vaguely feminine voice said. "Time since last boot: nine hundred and twenty one years, three months, four weeks, two days. Scanning potential System User."
A thin, concentrated line of blue light shined across Elaina, causing her to fall onto her butt as she tried to back away on her bad foot as the light moved up and down her body.
"System User confirmed as Star Blessed. Status: unaspected, classless. Age: twenty years, zero months, zero weeks, zero days. Happy birthday. Initiating protocol: Class Assignment."
1.7: Awakening
"User Analysis: Complete. Class Assignment: Complete."
Elaina's mind filled with information, all of it processed in an instant. She couldn't hear the words out loud, couldn't see the words written out, but she understood them all the same.
System Hierarchy: [Admin]
Class: Masochist Mage
Level: 1
Aspects:
[Restraint] - {Environmental Targeting}
User Skills:
[Humiliation Factor] - Rank 1 - Passive: User receives a power bonus of up to {x1.5} to all aspects relative to the User's current state of embarrassment.
[Personal Restraint] - Rank 1 - Active: Expands [Restraint] to {Self and Environmental Targeting}. {Self Targeting} is compulsory, and the User receives a power bonus of {x2} to all aspects.
[Pain Response] - Rank 1 - Passive: Converts a {small} amount of pain to arousal.
The pain in Elaina's leg disappeared, replaced by an instant sense of pleasure. She let out a moan in surprise, clutching her hands between her legs.
The disembodied voice, what Elaina now realized was coming from a round crystal atop the rock she'd tried pulling herself up with, continued, "Due to the length of time since last initialization, it is assumed all prior System Users are deceased. Pursuant to Protocol: Rebuild, [Admin] status has been granted to the current System User."
Arousal would have to wait. Elaina managed to push herself up to her feet. The pain in her ankle was gone, and that wasn't all. She'd just been granted aclass.There hadn't been someone with a class since the Night Wars themselves, since—
"Nine hundred years ago," she muttered.
"Correct. This System has been dormant for approximately nine hundred celestial years."
Elaina was in a small cave, nothing in it out of the ordinary except the speaking orb in front of her, a perfectly spherical crystal that illuminated the opening she'd fallen into. Inside it spun the same facsimile of a storm that the Awakening crystal had in the center, though this one radiated a soft light throughout the entire hollow. "Who are you?" she asked.
"I am the System."
Helpful."What does that mean?"
"I am responsible for bestowing classes to verified System Users and overseeing their training, progression, and missions."
"Are- are you an Awakening crystal?"
"Incorrect. I am the System, though one of my many functions is to awaken individuals."
"Then, did I just awaken?"
"Yes."
"Am I dreaming?" It was a good one if she was. First being stripped near nude by Prisma, then this? Elaina could think of worse dreams.
"No. If you were dreaming, it would be an attractive human woman giving you your class, not an orb."
Elaina stared at device. "Was that... A joke?"
"Do you have further questions regarding System functionality?"
Itwasa joke. Of course the magical class bestowing artifact she found would make fun of her. "Okay, uhm, can you explain my class?"
"Please be more specific. Your class details have already been provided."
Elaina focused again on the information that she'd been given earlier, all of it still firmly imprinted in her mind. She had a class name, and then her aspect. The aspect was normal, and she knew of classes, but there was more that she didn't fully understand.
"Okay... What's a level? And what's a skill?"
"Levels are a metric to measure your class progression. You can attain higher levels by accomplishing missions, and in rare cases by training, if deemed appropriate by the System. Skills are modifiers to your aspects, and sometimes other skills as well. They, like your class, are chosen based on the fate assigned to you by the stars." So it wasn't a coincidence that Elaina had gotten...Thosetypes of skills, that type of class. She brought up her skills again in her mind.
[Humiliation Factor] was first. Thinking of it consciously made her aware once more of her state of dress, and at that awareness she could feel the skill working. If she tried to use her aspect now, which she vaguely felt she could do, it would be stronger.Because I'm embarrassed about being stripped to my underwear...There was a level of practicality that was lacking, as stripping to her underwear in class wasn't really an option she thought she had, at least without risking getting expelled for indecency. She moved to her other two skills.
[Pain Response] was self explanatory, at least with the involuntary demonstration she'd been given with regard to her sprained ankle earlier, that mild sense of arousal still lingering, but the remaining skill was an enigma to her. "I don't really get [Personal Restraint]. Like, can you tell me what that means?"
"Certainly. First, attempt to activate your aspect, [Restraint]."
"How do Idothat."
"First, attempt to activate your aspect, [Restraint]."
Helpful, again. Elaina took in a deep breath then "attempted to activate it." It worked, surprisingly. In front of her manifested a coil of rope, floating in the air. It was coarse, thick rope, as real as any she'd made when she was first learning to weave. She could tell instinctively that this wasn't the only thing her aspect could do, but it was the first thing that came to mind, the default.
"Excellent work. Second, attempt to activate your skill, [Personal Restraint]."
Elaina knew better than to ask how. She focused on the skill, and she was instantly frozen in place again, just as she had been when Waine had used [Control] on her. But that wasn't all. The rope in front of her pulsed with power. It was stronger now, and she had more control over it. She just couldn't move herself at all.
"As you can see, [Personal Restraint] changes your [Restraint] aspect, adding compulsory Self Targeting on top of its innate Environmental targeting. When active, it will double the power of all of your aspects without requiring any additional mana usage."
"What's mana usage?"
"The amount of magical energy you must expend to use your aspect. I would recommend releasing your aspect now to conserve mana."
Elaina did so, letting go of the concentration on [Restraint] and watching the rope dematerialize. There was a source, a pool of energy that had been drained when she was using the aspect, and she could feel it starting to refill, slowly, now that she had stopped using it.
"Excellent," the System said. "When active, [Personal Restraint] will target yourself instead of just the environment, freezing your movement. Your limb functions will always be held, but you may freeze other parts of yourself if you wish."
"Why would Iwantto freeze the rest of me? That's just dumb."
"You asked me to explain how the skill works. Please do not chastise me for correctly answering your questions. May I continue?"
Elaina blushed, looking down. "Uhm, yes, sorry."
"In exchange for the mandatory personal effect, all your aspects will have their power doubled for the duration. This will temporarily extend their range and capabilities while the skill is active, without the need for additional training or level ups."
The System had said it again: aspects, plural. Elaina had noticed that when looking over her class as well. "You keep saying 'aspects,' but I only have one aspect.Everyoneonly has one aspect, if they have on at all."
"Incorrect. Additional aspects can be obtained by progressing in levels, and current ones may be altered as well."
No. Elaina had to be dreaming. Thathadto be wrong. "Everyone's been able to have multiple aspects this entire time?"
"Incorrect. Only those with sufficiently defined fates assigned by the stars may possess a class, and therefore only those individuals may possess multiple aspects. When located, these individuals are selected to be System Users and brought to the System for class assignment, pending approval by Academy administration."
That phrase again. "What is a System User?"
"Admin Information Request: Partially Granted. A System User is one who possesses innate potential to hold a class, is at least twenty years of age, and has been bestowed a class by the System."
"Oh, right, didn't you say I'm exactly twenty?"
"Correct. You are exactly twenty celestial years of age. Happy birthday. Again."
"But my birthday was yesterday?"
"Incorrect. You are exactly twenty celestial years of age. Are you trying to get me to say 'happy birthday' again? I will not do it a third time."
Elaina blinked at the frankness. "Wait, the bell!" Itwastechnically her birthday now, or her celestial one at least, right? She still wasn't entirely sure how that all worked.
And it was also curfew.
"Fuck, I have to go."
"Understood. This System will analyze the current state of local and international affairs in preparation for your training and your directives as System Administrator. Please proceed to your instructors, if there are any alive, at the Equal Nations Friendship Academy for tutelage in your class, then return here for further progression."
Thewhatacademy?
1.8: Streaking
Equal Nations Friendship Academy. What a corny name,Elaina thought as she climbed out of the cave she'd fallen into. Corny a name as it was though, it was remarkably strange, convenient that it shared the same initials as Endrin National Fortress Academy, heractualschool. Interesting as it would be to ponder that particular mystery, and the numerous others she'd stumbled into, that would have to wait, because she had a hole to escape.
She was surprised to see how steep the exit was, a gradual but stark change from the small incline she'd started from at the bottom. Still, her strength and dexterity had to be on some massive dose of adrenaline, as she made it out with little difficulty.
The clearing she emerged in was the same, fortunately.At least I didn't end up climbing up the wrong exit by accident.She looked down at herself, shivering as a a gust of chilly spring wind hit her near naked body. That was definitely her most pressing problem, curfew aside. She could do this though. No students would be out, so she just had to make sure she avoided any faculty. Were there faculty roaming the halls at night, the grounds, looking for half naked students late to bed? Elaina hoped she wouldn't have to find out.
She gathering her bearings, fortunately remembering the way she came here by the position of the stars, and almost took off sprinting before she noticed a small glint of light on the ground.My key!She reached down and picked it up, mouth slack jawed at how screwed she'd almost been.It must have gotten flung over here when Prisma was ripping off my jacket.She looked around for the scraps of her clothes, but couldn't find any.It is pretty windy. They're probably scattered across the forest by now.That was fine; there was no hope of restoring the uniform anyway.
She darted off towards the castle, clutching the metal in her hand, happy that one thing had finally gone right for her tonight.Well, a second thing, I guess.She was still processing the fact that she'd just been granted a class, but of all things that could have happened to her, tonight or in her life at all, she definitely couldn't say that was a bad thing.
Should I tell anyone?The immediately obvious answer was yes, tell everyone, but something in the back of her mind was stopping her from fully settling on that conclusion. First off, explaininghowshe'd been granted a class, why she'd been out so late, that was off the table, so she'd have to lie to begin with. And second, something was off about that device, the System it had called itself, herself? The System seemed more of a she than an it, but Elaina couldn't quite call it "she" yet, not without getting to know it better. It reminded her of the school automatons, if they could talk.
It wasn't just the System itself though; the entire situation was off. Could she actually even hide her class, or would her Awakening tell everyone for her? If that happened then that was that, but if it didn't, who would she even tell? If things had gone differently she could have told Prisma, but that ship had sank. She could tell Alonse,HeadmasterAlonse, but to be honest, he was kind of creepy in his own way. He seemed kind, but,So did Prisma.
"Gah!" Elaina shouted into the woods as she ran, forgetting her imperative to maintain stealth. Why couldn't she get Prisma out of her head?She's a jerk, no, a bitch!No different than Waine, no different than the girls she'd once called friends back home. Still...
Before Elaina could finish the thought, she emerged from the forest, slowing to a halt as she took in her location. She was in almost the exact same place they'd entered, and from her perspective she'd also made good time,greattime in fact.Huh, I feel good too. Guess the adrenaline still hasn't fallen off yet.The only thing to do in this situation was to use that adrenaline burst to its fullest, so she started off towards the school again, at a jog this time instead of a run to make sure she didn't alert anyone. It wasn't long before she saw movement.
She dropped to the ground, two figures patrolling just ahead. They were wearing the same armor as the guards that had been at the school gate, the same armor she'd seen a couple of times standing around the grounds and inside the walls of the castle, but this was the first time she'd seen any of them move an inch. They walked perfectly in sync, making almost no sound as they moved, which is why she'd gotten dangerously close before noticing them.
Fortunately, they hadn't seemed to notice her either, as they made their way past Elaina with no indication they'd seen or heard anything amiss, allowing her to get back up and brush herself off. Not that brushing herself off did much, as she was already covered in dirt from her tumble earlier. She sprinted off towards the school again, her pussy tingling with excitement.No no, not now!
She couldn't ignore it anymore. In the forest, she'd just been running, focused only on the time it took to get back to her dorm unnoticed. But now she was out of cover, on the grounds of the school, lit by far too much moonlight to be safe from view, streaking across the lawn in only her underwear, tits bouncing wildly. There were at leastsomepeople out here that could see her up close, and even more could see her if they just thought to look out their windows at the right moment.
She began heaving as she ran, not from exhaustion, but from frustration. She wanted,neededto touch herself again, but she knew she couldn't, and that only made it worse, made her crave it even more. Her mind clouded by desire, she almost missed the second pair of figures she was rapidly approaching.
She'd reached the outside fences of the gardens in front of the school and managed to duck behind one of the bushes before she'd gotten too close. Two people were standing right in front of the path that lead to the school entrance, but they weren't guards this time. They were students, just like her, a boy and a girl nonchalantly hanging around outside past curfew.
"I can't believe we got stuck with this job tonight. I wanted to fuck with some freshers," the boy said.
Stuck with a job?That meant they were out here for a reason.
"Fuck with them, or fuck them?" the girl replied. Elaina noticed that they each had the same golden pin stuck on their jackets.
"Oh shut up," the boy replied, laughing and shaking his head. "You're the pervert here."
"Listen, all I'm saying is that if there really is a cute freshman girl trying to sneak back in wearing nothing but lingerie like that Ferris boy said, I'll enjoy the view as we escort her back to the office." Elaina could barely believe it. Waine Ferris had actually ratted her out to fucking hall monitors.
"The pictures weren't enough for you?"Oh gods, they've already been showing the pictures to people?Elaina bit her lip, trying to think about anything but her pulsing groin.
"Oh, they were nice, but the real thing still can't be beat." The girl grinned. "Plus, getting to order her around sounds fun."
The guy laughed again. "Oh please, you're starting to sound like the boss."
Well, shit.The two weren't moving, just standing around, guarding the only entrance Elaina knew how to get inside from. There would surely be other ways in, but she had no idea where they were, and they were likely guarded too. She had to get past these two, now, and hope that they were guarding only the path to the main entrance, with the entrance itself unguarded.
It was night, blessedly, but the two were standing in between crystal light lanterns, so there was no hope of walking up under cover of darkness. If she got any closer, they'd spot her for sure. She could've tried going over into the gardens that flanked the path to the school themselves, but that would involve both going through multiple bushes and climbing a fence made entirely of vertical metal bars, so that was out.
[Restraint]
The word echoed in her head. It wasn't her thought, not her conscious thought anyway. Could she really do that? It was possible she could bind up one of the two students in front of her, maybe both. No, even if it was possible to do it to both of them, she couldn't attack them like that.
But that wasn't all she could do with her aspect. She didn't restrain people the same way Waine controlled people. In the cave, talking to the System, she hadcreatedrope, materialized it from thin air. And when she was done, the rope had disappeared. Elaina focused on the class she'd been granted. There was a more defined awareness of what she could do with [Restraint] now, having used it once. She had an idea, an idea that might work if she could manage to pull it off.
But she was too far away. Maybe with just rope she could manage this distance, or maybe with more practice, but rope wasn't enough right now. What she needed would take more of her power than she had at this range, and she still couldn't move from her hiding spot without risking being seen.
There was one more thing she could try though.
Dropping to her knees, she dipped her hand into her underwear, slowly rubbing herself. She was only meters away from these people, and every little movement she made was a movement that could catch their eye, every sound she made a possible alarm for them go investigate. With her free hand she tucked her key into her bra strap then covered her mouth. She wanted to play with her tits, but she was a loud masturbator, and she had to muffle herself to stop any of her moans from being audible. She didn't want to, but she had to.
Every small stroke of her clit pulsed pleasure through her body, every moan she choked off a denial of pleasure in equal respects. The sensation, the denial, each bounced off of each other in her body, too much to handle for long. She kept her thumb stroking the outside while the stuck two fingers in, making slightly more and more noise as she got faster and faster. They could turn on a whim, see her at any time. That would behumiliating.
And because of that, her plan was working. [Humiliation Factor] was engaged, boosting her aspect's power as she became more and more embarrassed. She didn't have the full bonus yet, and she could tell she would need more than just the full bonus to pull off what she needed to. Slowly, carefully, she took her right hand off her mouth and reached into her bra. She knew what she needed to do for the maximum bonus.
She teased her breast with one hand as she pumped inside of herself with the other, grabbing the metal key and rubbing it across her nipples.Cold.She didn't know cold could feel so good. The girl student that Elaina was trying to sneak past turned to speak to the boy, turning towards Elaina.
Everything welled up inside of her, finally exploding in a wave of ecstasy. As her mouth opened to moan she moved to the second part of her plan, activating [Personal Restraint], freezing her entire body, mouth and vocal chords included, as she silently came. It was unlike anything she'd ever experienced, the shaking of her body against her will. Only her voluntary movements were restrained, meaning her orgasm had free reign as she sat there on her knees, one hand down her panties, one in her bra, and her tongue sticking out like a panting dog, only a stone's throw from two oblivious people. The girl student was looking her direction, looking rightoverher. Even a slight glance down would reveal her.
[Humiliation Factor] was capped out. With the full bonus from that and the bonus from [Personal Restraint] as well, Elaina's aspect was at the strongest it could possibly be. She leaned into that too, activating [Restraint]. She didn't summon rope this time though, she summoned chains, on the far side of the two students in front of her, right inside the bushes, right next to the metal fence. She had just enough energy, just enough mana to do one last thing. Still frozen herself, she willed the chain to move, slithering through the bushes and scraping across the metal bars of the fence.
Both of the student watch members turned the other way at the sound. "What was that?" the boy asked?
"Hey," the girl replied, running away from Elaina. "It might be that girl!"
Despite his earlier teasing of his colleague, the boy also seemed intrigued by the idea. "Wait for me!" he shouted, running off into the bushes as well. Elaina dropped both her skill and her aspect, hoping the chains she made would fade like the rope before. She didn't fall this time, having readied herself by bracing on her knees.
She pushed herself up, arms shaking. They weren't shaking from effort, just the effects her orgasm still coursing through her. She sprinted through the gate that had been guarded just moments before, leaving the students who were hoping to catch a glimpse of her behind.
And once her shaking stopped, sprint she did. She'd been pacing herself before, and doing a great job apparently, but now she was near flying, faster than she'd ever run, faster than she thought shecouldrun. She was out of sight of the two students behind her in no time, at at the main entrance shortly after. Blessedly, it was both unguarded and open. Not fully, but open enough for one half naked girl to get through.
Elaina made her way through the door and immediately regretted it. She was in the main hall of course, surrounded by dozens of Endrin automatons. She should have been more cautious, but her mind was still a fog of horniness. She'd already came twice tonight, but that last encounter had been too much, and now she was caught.
Or she would have been, if the automatons had seemed to notice her at all. It was a ton of them, more than she'd ever seen at once, in varying shapes and sizes, some smaller with brooms and dustpans working their way on the floor and rug, and some much taller with dusters cleaning off portrait frames and candelabras near the ceiling, all ignoring her.
Elaina tiptoed through the crowd, wary that she might set them off, but no such thing occurred. One did actually seem to notice her as she walked by, but if it did it only moved out of the way to let her pass. They seemed mindless, like the only thing they could do was clean. Maybe the System wasn't really like them after all.
She couldn't believe her luck. She'd made it back, thought she had been screwed once more, and was saved purely based on how dumb the automatons were. They couldn't speak anyway, so even if they did recognize her, she was fine. Letting out a deep sigh, Elaina began moving forward. She couldn't sprint with the mass of cleaners in her way, but a brisk walk was slow enough to move by without bumping into them.
Gods, I can't wait to get back to my room.It had been an eventful day, and she was ready to send it off with one last bang. Her roommate, who she'd still yet to meet, would be there too. Any luck and she'd be asleep again, giving a chance for Elaina to do a repeat of the night before. That hadn't been nearly as fun as the two goes she'd had already, but it would still make a good nightcap. Horny thoughts dancing in her brain, Elaina let out a yelp as someone grabbed her wrist from behind.
Elaina turned around.Girl, beautiful girl.She wasn't the girl from before, this one being much taller than both her and Elaina, who was already an inch or so above average height. She had short brown hair and deep brown eyes, and her face sported a smirk that rivaled any that Elaina had ever seen. She was also wearing the same golden pin the student guards from before were wearing, which Elaina could now see read "ENF Watch".
"Alright, Streaker, you're coming with me."