I am not a writer, there will probably be grammar issues.
If you want great description and deep backgrounds, This is probably not it.
Themes of raceplay, wmaf, ntr, taboo
---------------
My name is Leonard Chan and I have an obsession for WMAF, and for those who don't know, because at some point in my life I also did not know, WMAF stands for White Male, Asian Female. And now I know all too well about WMAF.
It started a while back when I was in college. I was 21 living with two of my cousins/friends. I was scrolling through some porn blogs, and just happened upon a certain post. It was a video of a petite Asian girl saying "Asian girls belong to White men. Big white cocks are better than tiny asian dicks."
I continued down this rabbit hole and before I knew it, I was brainwashed. My mind was filled with Asian girls and White guys. Whether at work or school, seeing an Asian girl talking with a White guy, my mind immediately thought he was fucking her with his Big White Cock.
Seeing an Asian girl with an asian guy, I felt sorry for the girl. She could have been with a White guy and enjoy the pleasures her asian boyfriend could not give. I would feel sorry for the asian guy, knowing he could not please his girlfriend the way a White man could. I would think she was cheating on him. How could she not, knowing there were Big White Cocks ready penetrate her desirable pussy.
During the day, I was on my phone constantly checking out new WMAF content, hoping no one could see my phone screen as Asian girls are sucking off BWCs and taking White cocks deep in their tight holes. My nights were hours of endless White men pleasing our women.
Even though all these shameful thoughts crossed my mind, I did well to hide the fact that I was addicted to WMAF. I was confident for the most part. Normal in every sense to the outside world. And if my secret came out, I would be mortified by the shame of it all.
...
One Friday, me and my roommates were chilling at our apartment. We had no plans, just playing video games, and that would be how most weekend nights went. But then something came up.
My sister Cindy, and her friends decided to throw a spontaneous party for her 20th birthday. My cousins both really wanted to go, knowing my sister had cute friends. I was reluctant, but decided WMAF porn nights needed a break, and I had to keep up appearances and go out every now and then.
We went to grab some alcohol and got back to our place to get a buzz going before heading out to the party. We talked about the girls we would be getting at. But they were all talk. Every time we go out, we just stand in the corner and drink and talk amongst ourselves, and small talk with familiar faces.
But there we were, the big talks from David and Jimmy. "If this girl is there I will... blah blah blah." It gets annoying sometimes their cockiness when it's just us, but when it really matters, they end up doing nothing. By the end of the night they will be exaggerating how close he was to getting laid.
We had a buzz going, a bottle in hand, and walking over to my sister's birthday party. As we approached, we could hear music blasting from outside. Some people outside smoking, playing drinking games, and hanging out. We made our way inside, disco lights in the dark living room, and everyone dancing.
We wandered through the crowded dance floor for a while, until we spotted Cindy in the kitchen.
My sister, Cindy, was a knockout, something I only noticed after my exposure to WMAF. She still had some chubby to her, but nothing that made her look fat, standing at 5' foot 5", in fact, it made her body look erotic, curvy and sexy. She had bigger than average breasts which bounced with her movements. Her ass was something to awe at, round and firm with some jiggle to it. Anything she wore, which were generally tight on her, made her look cute but with a hint of sluttiness.
Today Cindy wore white jeans shorts, they barely covered her full butt letting some extra meat slip out every now and then. She would constantly pull them back down to hold in her ass, often showing off the rising black string thong along her waist. She wore a tight thin strapped black top. Her tits held firmly up with what I imagined was a push up bra. She had her make up all done, her hair wavy and dyed with blond streaks, and a "Happy Birthday" crown on her head.
We made our way to the kitchen, I told her happy birthday, and she flashed a warm familial smile and thanked me, pointed out where the alcohol was and to help myself.
David offered her a shot from our bottle. And she happily accepted. David poured the shots and we all cheered "Happy birthday!" and downed the shot. Cindy said her thanks and for everyone to enjoy themselves.
Jimmy and David then caught Cindy's friends, Jasmine and Mary, offering them a shot to break the ice. They were cute and definitely fuckable, but way out of their league. "They were White Cock material" I thought shamefully to myself.
While they were busy trying to hit it off with Jasmine and Mary, I noticed Cindy's White boyfriend, Conner, pulled her into him and kissed her passionately, his hands roaming around the back of her hair, then back, and moved down to her ass grabbing it and pushing it up. Cindy broke the kiss, taking in her surroundings, giggled and playfully slapped his chest, telling him with no meaning to "Stop it." He had a big grin on his face.
Conner turned her around, placed his hands on her hips, pressed up against her and moved her to the dance floor kissing her neck as he grind into her plump ass while they walked in motion with the music.
"WMAF!" the word popped in my now drunken head. "I bet Cindy can feel his big white cock pressed on her asshole!" I couldn't believe I let that pop into my head about my own sister. I forced the thought down.
"Bitches. I swear." David said.
"Yeah, a bunch of hoes." Jimmy agreed.
I can see Jasmine and Mary walking away, and already knew what happened. They were turned down and now making excuses. But still I asked, "What happened?"
"They took a shot and dipped." they said as if they were just using them for alcohol. Which was probably true. How quickly they turn from Jasmine and Mary are super cute to they are hoes.
They were so disappointed they wanted to get out of the house. I honestly wanted to leave too after seeing my sister with her White boyfriend, but instead, I just blurted out, "Too many mosquitoes outside."
I know why I said it. I didn't want to say it, but I said it, and now I had to stick with it. They just agreed, probably a drunk themselves, did not argue.
David poured out shots and cheered. "To a great night!" We all took a shot and separated.
I went to grab a beer, and found a spot alone in the corner, it was pretty dark and you could hardly tell who's who, but pretty creep-like of me now that I think about it, just watching alone. I saw Jasmine and Mary walk pass me ready to dance with two white guys after rejecting my cousins. I thought it was hot! Two cute Asian girls, after rejecting my pathetic asian cousin, and now in the arms of two big White men.
But what really caught my eyes were Cindy and Conner dancing on the dance floor. Her back arched, her ass grinding on his crotch, her face turned to lock lips with him. Her tight white shorts raised halfway up her ass. His hands exploring her entire body, first on her exposed ass and then concentrating on her tits. Both without a care in the worlds, neither one of them cared who saw them lust for each other.
I watched as another White guy started dancing in close in front of her. She pulled him closer and sandwiched herself between the two studs. The two strangers shared a look and she began making out with the man in front of her. Surprisingly, Conner did not get mad. In fact, he was pressing even harder against her pushing her into this new man, kissing her neck. Cindy hand reached back behind Conner's head pulling him into her neck. Her other hand on the new White man's cheeks as they made out.
Cindy moved to the beat of the song while getting lower and lower, her hands moving down with her from their neck, to their chest until she was nearly on her knees, her face in lined with their cocks. The lights flashed rapidly on and off as everything looked to be going in slow motion. She looked up at them and made an 'O' shape with her mouth and then followed with a sinful smiled.
I looked around to see if anyone else was watching them as well, and it did not seem like it. Everyone was busy either chatting up or dancing themselves.
Then Conner grabbed the back of her head and pushed her face into his crotch, as though getting a blow job, or rather face fuck. Then he let her go and she turned to the other guy. Now that I am looking at it, I can see his thick hard shadowed outline in his jeans.
Cindy's hand slid along his calves, to his thighs, to the back of his ass and there she pulled herself in and kissed his hard outline, biting it through the jeans. Then made her way back up and kissed his ears, whispering something to him.
She then pulled them both by the hands and led them away to the empty upstairs. They then disappeared from the party.
I was too drunk to make any good decisions. I should've just gone outside with David and Jimmy instead of witnessing my sister slut herself up. But then again something in me did not regret it. In fact, I was never more aroused than I was at that moment.
I now wanted to go home for all the wrong reasons, I wanted to release my straining erection. I made my way outside to find them. On the way, I saw Jasmine and Mary making out with the two white guys they were dancing with. They were pinned against the wall having a sensual make out session.
Their big white meaty hands pressed firmly on their ass. Fuck that was hot! But I could just stop and watch like a creep. As much as I wanted to see some more live WMAF action, I still had some sort of my senses. I continued outside and found them watching others play drinking games.
"Hey, I'm gonna head home." I told them as soon as I saw them. I was ready to go home. Not because I was tired or drunk, but I've never been more horny in my life. Despite my inebriation, my dick was rock hard.
They tried to get me to stay a while longer, but eventually gave up and let me go. They decided to stay a while longer. I was not sure why they would stay, they were not going to do anything, as always, but I was glad to have the apartment to myself. I could stroke without a care in the world.
I got home after about a 15 minute walk, but it felt like an hour. I was just about running not wanting to lose the scenes repeating in my head. My sister and two white guys! Jasmine and Mary's make out session which would all but lead to a hot WMAF fuck session!
I got in my room, locked the door, got naked, laid in my bed, closed my eyes and replayed the night, adding some of my own creativity.
What did Cindy whisper to the other man I wondered? I thought of the possibilities that she could've said.
"I want two White cocks in my chink holes!"
"Fuck me Daddy!"
"My gook brother is watching... Let's show him I am White Cock only!"
Then an idea came to me. Something small, innocent, and seemingly insignificant, but something I shouldn't have done. But also something that filled this WMAF hunger that was growing within me.
I grabbed my phone, "Happy birthday Cindy!" I sent a text to my sister, who was probably getting fucked by two white guys. Probably too busy to check her phone, getting a big fat white cock in her pussy and another Big White Cock buried in her ass.
I was stroking my dick slowly edging at the thought. I stared at my phone. Her contact picture of her as an innocent 16 year old now 20 and slutting herself to BWCs.
Then my text turned to "Read"
I immediately dropped my phone in fear, my heart felt like it stopped. My whole life possibly ruined like she knew exactly what I was doing.
I slowly picked up my phone again, carefully checking it as though it could mean death. Three loading dots flashing, she was texting back.
I was not dead. Not yet at least, I thought to myself. My mind felt free to imagine again and it did. Cindy was slobbering over two Big White Cocks while taking her time replying back to me. One hand instinctively stroking my dick the other holding my phone in front of my face.
Then the fashing three dots stopped. And no reply sent. "Was she just staring at my text?" I thought to myself. "Too busy getting fucked to properly reply to her own brother."
Then Cindy's contact photo popped up on my phone, The phone began to vibrate in my hand. My ringtone blaring loudly in the quiet apartment. My heart racing! Should I answer?
To be continued... Maybe