Rima and I sat on the beach looking at the slowly sinking sun. The waves lapping the shores along with the gentle breeze slowly drifted me to a peaceful meditative state. It was a welcome break post the year-end, given both of us worked in a tax audit firm. She laid her head on my shoulders and I listened to the waves lapping up on our feet and retreating.
We had booked an AirBnB right towards the end of Mahen beach. The house had access via a private road on the other side. The house had a caretaker whose quarters was situated a short walk on the opposite side of the beach. The beach was quite secluded with small rocky hills on all sides.
We reached the house post-sunset to have dinner. The caretaker had prepared quite a sumptuous meal and had retired to his quarters. We were quite buzzed with a few beers. We retired to our rooms to rest.
The next morning we decided to hit the beach post breakfast. Rima asked me to get to the beach, said she would take some time. I swam for a few minutes and came out to rest for a while and wait for her.
She came walking towards me in the skimpiest bikini I have ever seen. The tops were just two small triangles hiding the nipples tied by a string. The bottom was a small triangle hiding the pubic region. She passed me and headed towards the water and my jaws fell to the floor. The backside was a tiny string from the hip and hid into the ass crack. It left very little to the imagination. I could see the shape of the ass jiggling when they jumped in the water.
She took a swim and walked towards me. I was speechless looking at her. Rima looked at me and said, "Well well, someone is awake". I looked down to look at my boner visibly straining in my tight swimming shorts. She giggled at my embarrassment.
She announced that we are going to skinny dip in the ocean. She dropped her bikini and stood naked in front of me. My dick hardened more. She bent down in front of my shorts and dropped them. My penis stood at full erection. She planted a kiss on the tip, grabbed my shaft, and dragged me into the water.
Once in the water, my boner subsided a bit. We played like kids in the water with no stitch of clothing on us. We stepped out of the water with water cascading from our bare bodies. My erection had fully subsided by then.
Rima jumped on me and pushed me to the ground and kissed me. I was fully erect by now and my wife skillfully rubbed the tip of mine on her vagina. She held me by my arms and pushed mine inside her and let out a moan. She rode me in front of the ocean which slowly increased and started lapping my legs. I slowly approached my orgasm when Rima's orgasm rippled through her body. I came inside her a few seconds later. She collapsed on my chest and the waves were now lapping my knee. A few minutes later, we got up and headed to the ocean to clean up.
It was Rima who raised the alarm that her bikini is missing. I couldn't find my swim shorts which had the house key as well. Alarm bells went off in my head. We were stranded on a beach with no clothes, the only solace is it was a private beach.
I suggested we ask the caretaker for the house key. Rima raised an eyebrow and asked, "Knock his door naked". I said, "No other way".
On the way back, we searched for anything to cover our nudity, but there seemed to be nothing that we could fashion into a towel. Finally, I stepped up to the caretaker's quarters and rang his bell standing butt naked in front of the door. Rima hid near a bush.
The doors opened and a lady in mid-20s stood looking from my head to toe. I stood speechless and Rima came to the front and introduced. I stepped back. The lady introduced herself as the caretaker's wife and he had gone to the market. Rima explained the situation that the waves lapped up our clothes and we needed the key. The lady told, "I see that" and went in to get the spare key. We walked back to our house. Rima whispered that the lady is still watching.
She grabbed me and kissed me in front of the door. My dick started responding. She knelt in front of me and took my dick in her mouth with both of our eyes fixed on the lady who was still watching. In a few minutes, I exploded in my wife's mouth. She drank the cum and got up and kissed me. She grabbed my head and directed to her pussy and I went down. She came in a few seconds and I turned to see the caretaker's wife had her hands inside her pants. We watched her have an orgasm and then she shut the door.
We retreated to our house and kissed. We went to our bedroom and made love again.
The next day, we had our bags packed. The caretaker had come to take the bags to the car. When we walked to the access road, we could see a pair of eyes looking at us from the caretaker's windows.
When the caretaker dropped us at the airport, he invited us to visit again. Rima said, "We will visit again, for sure".