All persons in this story are at least 18 years old...
*****
I have recently discovered that my wife Kammie is an exhibitionist. This behavior is not new apparently. I admit, I think it is exciting, erotic, unexpected, and it makes me insane with jealousy.
We were driving to see some family for the holidays, and I decided on the car ride to ask her some questions about this side of her.
"So is there anything else you have done I should know?"
She hesitated, "That you should know, or that you want to know?"
"I just think I need to know stuff, and there are no secrets between us. When did you start showing off and stuff?"
"You mean letting guys see me naked? You know you like it, you get hard whenever I talk about it. I bet you are getting hard now. Am I right?"
"Maybe" I lied, I was already hard, "but when did it all this start?"
Kammie proceeded to slide over next to me, started rubbing the outside of my pants, and told me about her first time showing off.
It was the summer after her senior year in high school.
One night when she still lived at home with her parents, she decided to get in the hot tub. Her parents went to bed early and the tub was in their basement. She had her robe on, and under it she was wearing a swimsuit. She had never gone nude in the hot tub.
As she walked through her kitchen, she noticed some shadows run across her yard. She cut off the light and could see three guys from her school. She knew they had tried to peek in her window before, but had never seen anything. She told me she doesn't know why, but she decided to give them what they came for.
She went down in the basement and turned on the light. After removing the cover to the hot tub, she started to unfasten her robe but stopped. Acting as though she had forgot something, she went back upstairs and looked through the dark kitchen window. All three boys were now laying on the ground, outside the basement window. Knowing that her audience was there, she took a bottle of lotion from the bathroom and went back down to the basement.
Kammie sat the lotion on the side of the tub, so the guys would know what she was likely going to do. She had to act as if she had no idea they were watching, or her reputation would be ruined. As she removed her robe she had her side to the window so they could get a good look at her curvy profile.
Her red string bikini was so small, her Dad would not let her wear it in public. The bottom part wasn't a thong, but it rose high on her hips, and her lower butt cheeks were exposed. The top consisted of two triangles, that barely kept her decent. The material was thin and her hard nipples could be seen poking through.
As she eased into the water, she looked down and could see her breasts swaying back and forth. Sitting on the highest seat facing the window, she did nothing at first that would let on she knew they were there. Kammie scooped the water into her hands, and splashed it against her body. Kammie's body was trembling. She had no fear of the guys outside, and was safe from them in the house, with her dad was upstairs. She was not scared, but excited.
Kammie eased down lower into the water, and started by pushing her chest together with her arms. She watched as her breasts came together then apart, bobbing on top of the water when she released them. Slowly she took them into her hands. While the boys watched she began to massage them on the sides. She could make out excited whispers outside the window, and she continued to rub her breasts while they watched.
After several minutes Kammie decided to turn up the heat and show more. Sliding under the water, up to her neck, she moved to the center of the tub and removed her bikini. Kammie placed the bikini on the side of the tub, so the three guys would have no doubt she was now naked. As she moved back in the seat, she kept her boobs underwater to tease them. At this point only one guy had ever seen her breasts, so the thought of three guys at once seeing, really turned her on. Her breasts were big, and she knew it.
Kammie began by letting her cleavage show from the water. The bubbles kept making her breasts bobble. She sat up a little more, and the tops of her areolas peeked over. She slid down again, and spread her legs open under the water. She slid a finger inside, just thinking about how close they were and how exciting this was. Kammie slid back against the seat. She debated with herself, shocked at what she was about to do. It would be so easy to put her bikini back on and go upstairs. This had already been quite a show for them. Kammie wanted more. She wanted to show more. She wanted to excite them with her nude body. Kammie decided to go for it. As slow as she could, she rose up and exposed her big, wet tits to the three guys outside. Kammie sat there knowing that they were looking at her naked tits. Her nipples were hard and sticking out from each breast.
Kammie stood up, and exposed her dripping pubic hair. Her pussy was wet inside and out. The boys could see her triangle shaped bush, and some of her outer lips. When she got brave enough, she sat on the edge of the tub with her legs open. They could easily see her tits and now her exposed pussy. She kept the lower part shaved, and the guys could see the lips very clearly.
Kammie put some lotion in her hand and rubbed it all over her body. She paid extra attention to her nipples. Her tits glistened in the basement light. She rubbed the lotion all over her arms, legs, and butt. With them still watching, she let her hand go lower.
Her legs were spread wide open, as she lotioned her pussy. Her hand went through her bush, then Kammie spread the lips open with her fingers. She even exposed her clit, as she circled it with her fingers. It would be so easy to get herself off while they watched. She slid a finger inside, pulled it back out, and opened her pussy as much as she could for them to see.
Kammie stopped fingering herself, and stepped out of the hot tub. Standing directly under the basement light, only a few feet from the window, she patted herself dry with a towel. She faced her body toward them, and with both hands, behind her back, began drying her shoulders. Drying off this way, pushed her firm, young tits up and out, as she arched her back. Her protruding nipples were still rock hard, and the guys had a birds eye view of Kammie's naked tits from the window above.
Soon she couldn't stand it anymore, and put her robe on. Kammie took her bikini, towel and lotion with her, as she went upstairs and turned off the basement light. Her room was on the second floor of the house and tonight's show was over. When she peeked out the window to check on her peepers, she saw two of them running off and a third trying to catch up. It looked like he was buttoning his pants as he ran.
As she told me this story, she had pulled my dick out. I told her I was about to cum, and she lowered her mouth to my lap and swallowed every drop.
"Want to know the best part?" she asked.
"There's more??" I said in disbelief.
"There is...one of those guys moved off, but the other two...well, one goes to church with us, and the other works in the same office as you. Both of them saw me buck ass naked! They saw your wife before you did. Do you like that? They saw your wife's tits and her pussy. They know what your wife looks like naked, because I showed myself to them. Then I went to my bedroom and got off thinking about how I made their cocks hard."
My mind raced as she told me who they were.