James and I planned to go to a nude beach but decided at the last minute to try this beach which was hard to get to thinking it would be deserted. I was going to wear a tight singlet as a dress with only my thong underneath but decided against that, instead going for a loose singlet that was much shorter and literally just covered my pussy.
The beach was only accessible through a steep trail. We got there and noticed there were a few people cycling. They had stopped to go to the lookout which was right next to the trail. I got out of the car feeling the slight breeze on me. I wasn't sure how short the singlet looked or if I looked decent but that made it all the more exciting.
"Does it look normal?" I asked James.
"No way, it's so short!" he replied.
I instinctively pulled it down but it did nothing as it just bounced back up and hung loosely on me. We started walking and I was already excited. I had never really worn something so short before. Plus I wasn't wearing shorts under the singlet. I was literally in my bra and thong and this loose, thin, semi-transparent singlet that only barely covered my pussy.
We walked a few minutes and found a large rock which jutted out like a cliff. It was an amazing view. James veered of to the side towards the rock so I knew the fun was about to begin.
I stood at the edge, my back to this amazing view and posed. I then turned and stuck my ass out for a few shots. Next James asked for my singlet and I hesitantly removed it and gave it to him. I was now in my bra and thong on this trail that people frequently walk along.
After a few quick pictures we moved down towards the beach. 10minutes later we were on the beach. It was almost deserted but for two women in the water. We put our stuff to the side and quickly got changed. There were a few boats/yachts in the distance but we started off behind a rock. I took off my bra freeing my boobs. I put on my bikini top and was about to take my thong off when I decided against it. My thong was sexier than my bikini bottoms, I mean these thongs left little to the imagination so I thought I'd leave it at that. James had stripped too and I enjoyed the view as he pulled his shorts off and underwear, standing there for a second totally naked at this public beach. He then put on his board shorts and we were off to the water.
After about 10 minutes a boat came by with a group of men on it. They all seemed in their early 20's.
"We're not alone, there's some guys behind us" James said.
I turned and asked James if he could see my ass. My thongs were quite small and wondered how much was visible.
"You look amazing!" he said as he kissed me and squeezed my ass.
"Seriously, you look so hot." Once again he squeezed my ass and then jiggled it making me smile. I knew he was horny and I loved teasing him like this.
We continued playing around in the water when James asked me to take my top off. I was reluctant as up till this point, I'd yet to be openly topless in public. I've been topless and totally naked but that was all when people were in the distance or weren't around but could have rounded a corner any moment. There have been many very close calls and have been caught topless twice, but this was straight up exposing myself to these 4 guys.
"You know you want to," James said as he kissed me passionately. I knew he was right. I'd been so horny this week. I'd been reading some stories where women have been flashing themselves (on the bus, adult store, in a taxi and doing the pizza dare) plus I'd been watching this playboy television show. James ad I had yet to have any real time in bed to enjoy ourselves so I was horny! Plus I really wanted to kick my exhibitionism up a level!
Eventually he convinced me to take my top off and I did. I was almost shaking as I undid the back and nearly decided against it. James came over and undid the rest and I took it off. I immediately covered my boobs by going underwater up to my neck.
The 3 teens had jumped off the boat and swum to the shore and were on some rocks to my left. I turned my back to them and slowly got out of the water. I was now standing up, water up to my waist only in my thong. It's hard to describe what I felt at that time, all I knew was this was incredible! I was so excited! All I could say was how crazy this was. You don't see many topless women in Sydney, on the sand maybe sun-bathing, but not in the water, let alone at such a small beach. Plus I was the only woman there.
Eventually I calmed down and really started being a tease. I moved around in the water a lot and made sure they could see I was topless (I had my back to them but it was obvious I was topless). James was loving how excited I was and he took my hand and placed it against his hard cock straining against his board shorts. I smiled and grabbed it, feeling how hard he was. It turned me on more knowing I was making him hard.
James noticed that they were looking over here every so often trying to get a peek. James kept encouraging me to turn around and actually face them. They were on some rocks in the distance and so I decided to go for it. James moved over so his back was facing them so it didn't look too obvious. I turned around and now was facing them. My body felt electric. I was now actually flashing them and was loving it. This wasn't a nude beach, it was a public beach but here I was in the water parading around topless.
James always wanting to push it further decided to get out of the water. Once again I was reluctant. Tempted as I was to put my bikini top back on, I also didn't want to. Eventually we made our way out of the water. As we walked out I felt even more exposed. The men had gone back to the boat and now could see my ass and my tiny thong doing a poor job of covering me. It felt so good to walk out of the water with my ass in display like that.
We walked up to where our clothes were and decided to sit against the rock and have some watermelon we brought along. We leant back against a large rock facing the boat of 4 men and ate our watermelon. I pretended like everything was totally fine but my body felt like it was going to burst. I didn't look at the boat but James made sure to watch their reactions. They all kept looking my way trying to get a look at my tits.
Eventually they headed off and we were left alone on the beach. Thinking we ought to take some pictures we walked around the beach and I started posing, showing off my boobs and ass. We went off to the side and climbed on some large rocks. As I posed for pictures I could hear voices. There were 4 people on two Jet Ski's. 3 of them were women, one male. Trying to ignore them I continued posing. It would have been quite obvious what we were doing. I mean who takes topless pictures at the beach?
We continued walking on the rocks and found a nice sheltered place. After sticking my ass out for the camera James asked me to get naked. Since no one was on the beach I wet for it and immediately took off my thong. I stood posing for James for a few seconds, all the while thinking that I was totally naked now on a public beach. There were still boats in the distance and I had no clue what they could see. I had only been naked about 10 seconds when I heard voices. We looked over and it was a family so not wanting to continue, I raced behind a rock and put on my thong. James went and got my singlet and we decided to leave.
I walked up the trail in my thong and singlet (no bra). We walked past two other couples which was exciting considering I was so scantily clad. I have no clue if the men looked behind when I passed them, but considering it was an uphill walk, I would bet they would have seen quite a bit of my ass if they had!
I was also naked in the car most of the way home. At one point a truck stopped next to us at the lights. James made sure he looked at the driver and noticed that he had quite a long look at me. He looked to his right once, noticed I was naked and looked away. He quickly looked back and the second time starred a lot longer. He looked back to the road to look at the signal light and just as he did it went green and we were off again. He didn't get another look.