For Miss E, who is an excellent trainee and a very good girl, and who has inspired more of this little world than she knows. Thank you.
Thank you to all my readers, and please don't hesitate to write me anytime; I love to correspond. Just remember to add your email to the PM if you want a reply; they are anonymous by default :-)
Authors note: This story, like all the chapters of this series, contains graphic scenes of men in sexual situations with their own daughters, as well as some nonconsent/reluctance. I understand completely if these don't appeal to you, so please be warned. All characters are over 18.
* * * * *
The sun was warm and golden in the balmy Indian summer Saturday morning as my good friend Dave Kendrick and I pulled up in front of a lovely old colonial house, whose stone steps ran down the steep hill of the broad, shady front yard to the street.
'Hey, thanks again for helping me with this little project,' he said. 'I know this will be a wonderful memory and a helpful lesson for Emily.'
I chuckled and assured him I was happy to be of assistance, and that I'd been looking forward all week to enjoying the special girl we had come to pick up.
In addition to being a firefighter and owning a small business downtown, Dave was also the girls' soccer coach and the physical education instructor at Stonewall Academy, the high school both our daughters attended.
He'd met Emily Fox last year, her final one at the Academy, when she'd wandered uncertainly into the gym between classes in her schoolgirl uniform and puzzled awkwardly about some of the machines, clearly without any idea how she was meant to use them.
She was a quiet, introverted girl by nature, highly intelligent and academically focused, but she had begun to have misgivings about her body and her poise as her Festival drew near, and despite the intimidating nature of the weight room to the young girl, she had resolved, with her characteristic pragmatism and her faith in the scientific bent of her own capable brain, to figure it out.
Dave had kindly, respectfully helped her learn to use some of the equipment, and she had fallen in love with working out as she mastered the movements and exercises and nutrition; she became a frequent visitor to the gym, and he had continued to assist her with tips and plans that matched her expanding abilities and goals.
She was ecstatic as she felt her strength grow and saw her body change, and Dave was happy to see the once shy, insecure girl walk taller, smile more confidently, and begin to wear clothing to the gym that displayed and flattered her transforming little body, typically doing her workouts now in the tiniest of booty shorts and a little bra that did nothing to hide the curves and features of her pleasantly large breasts.
He was filled with pride at how she had begun to blossom into a strong, self-possessed girl, and it was clear as he described her to me that he was quite taken with her.
She'd celebrated her Festival a few weeks before graduation, and Dave had been delighted to have the chance to fully enjoy the beautiful, strong body she had built with his guidance, and to give her several vigorous, advanced lessons in the weight room and in the girls' showers before she left for summer break, and then on to university.
He hadn't expected to see her again, but a few weeks after the semester started he'd received a beautifully written letter from her, explaining that while she was excelling in her college classes, she was struggling greatly in her sexual training.
She was still painfully shy, and she knew that the men who were training her now could tell how anxious and flustered she got every time they stripped her down for a lesson, despite her earnest and tortured attempts to relax and let them enjoy her naked body to the fullest.
There were still parts of her body that she was enormously insecure about, and which she could do little to change through exercise and good nutrition; she was particularly sensitive about the appearance of her vulva which, because it didn't look like the simple, innocent peach slits she heard men enthusiastically discuss amongst themselves, was a recurring source of consternation for her in the moments when her trainers would peel her panties down her thighs for the first time; and she sometimes had minor panic attacks as she reluctantly let men look at and investigate her vagina, which made it even harder for her to focus and relax in her lessons, unfortunately often leading to the need for her to be disciplined by the men handling her.
Her sensitive temperament meant that her spankings rarely had the desired effect, and generally only exacerbated her insecurities; she knew it was her responsibility to trust her trainers and freely give them her body for their pleasure in whatever way they saw fit, but she was having a very tough time.
She also felt she had trouble with attention to detail about her grooming and clothes, and she was jealous of the girls at school who always seemed effortlessly put-together, and was worried that men care about those things a lot, and in all, she was feeling pretty defeated about most of her lessons.
A young girl's training career was supposed to be an extraordinary journey of discovery and purpose, but poor Miss Emily only felt like she was floundering.
Dave had made a deep impression on her, both in the interest he took in her fitness instruction, and in the way he'd let her express her gratitude for his efforts by giving her strong, trim little body to him in nearly complete abandon, with nothing but encouragement and adoration for her as she worked her hardest to say 'thank you' by giving him the best orgasms she possibly could as he trained her.
She trusted him more than any other man she knew, she wrote in her letter. She said she totally understood that he was already very busy with his training responsibilities and the many girls to whom he gave lessons each week, and that she knew she might not be as beautiful or skilled as a lot of the other young girls he got to handle and enjoy, but she ended by asking him sweetly and respectfully if he would consider being her mentor, even if only for a little while, to help her overcome her fears and do better in her lessons.
A letter like this from a girl was a great honor, and Dave had written back saying that he was delighted to be asked, and that he was more than willing to take her under his wing for a bit as she adjusted both to college life, and to her important and challenging duties as a sexual trainee.
Now they corresponded regularly; he assisted her in picking clothing and underthings that best flattered her figure and made her feel desirable, and she would send him pictures or videos of her naked body and of her outfits before she left her dorm for training appointments, so he could inspect her and ensure she was properly groomed and attired for her trainer's pleasure; and it gave her immense peace of mind to know that Dave approved of the state of her girl bits and her clothing before she met with a new trainer for the first time, and let him handle her.
She would write Dave short, detailed reports of her training sessions, relating what she had learned, and how her trainers had chosen to enjoy her body, and any feedback they had given her on her performance, and she could ask him any questions, or voice any apprehensions, and he'd always calmly assure her she was on the right path, and becoming a better and better girl every day.
She drove back to Stonewall every other weekend to stay at her parents' house, and Dave would spend some time with her reviewing the skills she'd learned from her other trainers, and assessing her developing abilities by putting her lovely little body thoroughly through its paces, giving his frank valuation on where she was improving, and what areas she should spend more effort working on, as she continued to strive to be the best girl any man could want to enjoy—which, after all, she was made to be.
She had made great strides under Dave's firm mentorship, and today was her birthday.
She'd gotten much more comfortable with allowing men to handle her and couple with her, and she'd recently shyly confided a few times to Dave, in sweet moments of quiet, unguarded afterglow, that she'd begun to fantasize about servicing two men at the same time, which flummoxed her.
She'd had considerable difficulty transitioning to even her basic sexual duties after her Festival, and she'd never imagined she'd be the kind of girl who wanted to share her body in that intimate way with more than one man at a time, though it was only a matter of time before some men would eventually select her for such lessons anyway; but as Dave's steady hand and constant encouragement deftly cultivated and heightened her naturally deeply-seated mating instincts, she'd begun to embrace ever more authentically her beautiful, fundamental purpose as girl, which was simply to bring great pleasure to men with her body.
With long practice and trial-and-error, she had been amazed to begin to discover how responsive she was to the pleasure of her handlers; as they became more aroused and euphoric while enjoying the charms of her body, her own orgasms would begin to send her to another place as she embodied her reason for existence as a beautiful vessel of ancient pleasure in the shape of a girl.
Now she was beginning to glimpse how profound a fulfillment of that purpose it would be to offer herself, completely and utterly, as nothing but a naked, receptive young female, for the primal pleasures of two eligible, grown-up men who knew how to make the best use of a girl's willing, fertile body and mind, and she couldn't get the idea out of her head.
She had been a very good girl lately, and Dave knew that she was ready for more advanced lessons, so he had decided to reward her with a birthday surprise; he had told her, to her heart-fluttering, trepidatious delight, to make sure she dressed nicely and groomed herself well this morning, because he was bringing a friend to help teach her to please both of them, together, as part of her special day.
A girl's birthday called for dressing up of course, and we had both chosen some of our nicest suits; I wore a dark blue check with hints of purple that flattered my athletic frame and long shock of blonde, and Dave cut a dashing figure in an urbane cocoa that set off his well-groomed red fireman's mustache and twinkling green eyes perfectly, and he grinned in anticipation as he turned off the ignition and we strode up the stone walkway to the door of Emily's parents' house, and Dave knocked.
A trim, reserved man opened it and invited us in with a smile, shaking Dave's hand warmly and introducing himself to me as Emily's father, Dr. James Fox, before calling up the stairs to his daughter to let her know we were here.
'She should be almost ready,' he explained. 'She just got back from the gym.'
Just then we heard a door open above the landing, and dancing down the stairs came one of the prettiest little creatures I had ever seen, throwing herself into Dave's arms with a joyous cry, kissing him deeply and kicking up her feet behind her as he hoisted her easily into the air with a booming laugh.
'Dear Miss Emily, you look marvelous—happy birthday,' he said.
I was even more glad that I'd accepted Dave's invitation upon seeing his trainee for the first time; she was quite petite, with dark shoulder-length hair she'd gathered back into a charming little ponytail clasped by a yellow ribbon, and gentle brown eyes, adorned with just a modest sweep of mascara on her long lashes (the only makeup that she wore, aside from a demure touch of lip gloss), that shone from behind a large, fetching pair of glasses perched on her defined nose.
Beneath her excitement at seeing her mentor, she possessed the serious, matter-of-fact demeanor of an intellectual girl; the care and precision of every aspect of her dress and grooming, while excellent, also hinted at the effort and practice that had gone into her appearance, and she struck me as a girl who was generally most at ease tucked away in a hidden corner of the library with a messy bun and an oversized sweater, her pencil nibbled gently by her teeth. She had clearly committed herself to expanding her horizons, however, and she was lovely.
She was dressed simply but adorably in a flouncy white-and-yellow floral sundress that tied in the front between her breasts, and that just managed to be long enough to keep her pert, sculpted bottom mostly covered, and made no effort to disguise the fact that she was braless; her generously proportioned breasts, comfortably filling the low-cut neckline of her dress, were all the more impressive for the diminutive, shapely body they adorned.
Her father leaned close to me as we watched his daughter greet her mentor after their two weeks apart.
'Thank you for doing this. Dave has been so great for Emily—she's a changed girl since she started working under him, and it means a lot that he's taken such an interest in her growth and training. I'm glad he decided he wanted to be the one to teach her how to serve multiple men, and I know you fellows will make this a great birthday for her.'
I said the pleasure was mine, and that Dave had only ever spoken warmly and fondly about Emily, and seemed quite proud of her hard work and dedication to her training. I thanked him for raising such a lovely daughter, and assured him I was very much looking forward to enjoying her body, and was happy to teach her anything I felt would be good for her to learn.
Dave lightly set her down in her white strappy heels with another kiss and stepped aside, gesturing to me with an open hand.
'Emily, this is Mr. Stevenson,' Dave introduced us. 'I brought him to help me celebrate your birthday like I promised—Robert, Miss Emily Fox.'
Emily, still with her hand affectionately resting on Dave's chest, noticed me for the first time; her quizzical expression froze briefly as she took me in, and the meaning of Dave's words fully dawned her, and she realized she was getting her first glimpse of the second man who would be training her today.
Slowly her eyes widened and a delighted, disbelieving smile danced on her lips, and she looked from me to Dave, and back again.
Dave chuckled, his big hand resting warmly on her small shoulder.
'Well, sweet thing, do you like him? I picked him out just for you,' he teased with a wink.
I'm not a small man; I'd spent my earlier years in personal training and construction, and at a little over six foot, I wear most of my two hundred twenty-odd pounds as muscle, and my blue eyes smiled at Emily from behind my rich blonde beard, their twinkle of appreciation for her gentle, sensible beauty perfectly complemented by the Milanese cobalt of my fitted suit.
Emily looked back up at Dave, her eyes wide and full; though whether it was from her excitement at seeing me, or from trepidation at the knowledge that today she would be handled by two men for the first time in her life, or from some potent combination of the two, I wasn't sure, and I could just make out her stumbled, whispered response to her mentor.
'Yes, sir, Mr. Kendrick—oh my gosh, he's...really...handsome—thank you, sir! Thank you so much...I didn't think you were actually going to do it—oh my gosh, I'm so excited, Mr. Kendrick!'
I chuckled to myself at her discombobulation as she realized how completely Dave was committed to her success as her mentor, and how seriously he had taken her birthday training, and of the new, somewhat frightening experience that awaited her today, which she found herself inexplicably longing for despite her shy, innocent misgivings.
Dave laughed again, and patted her on the behind.
'Well, remember your manners dear girl, and go introduce yourself to him.'
She composed herself for moment, smoothing her sundress and pushing her glasses up her nose and clasping her hands behind her back like a good girl before walking across the room to me, a bright smile on her lips, and politely offering her breasts to me in greeting as she said it was good to meet me, and that she was looking forward to sharing her body with me later today, and that she hoped I would enjoy handling her.
I found myself falling under her spell. She was delightfully sweet and earnest in her efforts to be a well-behaved and desirable girl; and my smile softened as I realized how hard the shy little creature must have worked to become this brave and confident, as she maintained her composure beautifully while presenting herself as an obedient, willing vessel of delight to a man she'd never met, and who, at the direction of her mentor, was going to challenge her body and mind today in ways she'd never before experienced.
Dave and her father looked on approvingly as I expressed my pleasure at meeting her with a warm, courteous smile and a gentle, slow, introductory kiss, and softly caressed her breasts over the thin cotton of her sundress.
She was well-endowed, though not disproportionately so, and her breasts rested pleasantly in the hands with a palpable weight to their full undersides; her nipples were clearly well-developed, and even the tight confines of her sundress, struggling somewhat to contain her generous bosoms, were unable to mute the prominent, insistent efforts of her nipples to make their presence known through the thin fabric.
Her dress was in fact light enough that I could clearly see, to my delight, that she possessed lovely, large areolas; and though she had elected not to wear a bra, the dark silhouette of her panties flitted enticingly beneath her short skirt.
I continued to enjoy the feel of her breast in my hand, and I brushed her nipple with my palm and tested its sensitivity with a few progressively firmer squeezes between my thumb and finger; as I reached her first pain threshold, she gasped silently, admirably maintaining her composure and fighting the urge to flinch or shrink away as I took her gently by the chin and tilted her head to one side so I could examine her delicate profile, and the exquisite lines of her jaw, and the long, elegant muscles of her throat and neck, where her heartbeat visibly pounded beneath her soft skin as she submitted, breathlessly trembling, to my first inspection of her little body.
'What a good girl,' I said quietly, kissing her again with a smile. 'Dear Miss Emily, I am very much looking forward to spending your special day with you and Mr. Kendrick. He's told me a bit about you, and how diligent and committed you are in your lessons, and I can say right now that I am already very impressed with you. I think you're going to be a pleasure to train this afternoon.'
She beamed, ecstatic that her long, hard training from Dave was paying off.
'Thank you, Mr. Stevenson. I will try my very best for you, sir, I promise.'
Dave spoke up, satisfied that I had decided his adorable little trainee was worth spending my time handling.
'One of Emily's biggest battles has been understanding that her body in general—and especially her vulva—are beautiful and desirable to the men who select her for training, and a lot of the work we've done is to help her feel more comfortable with being looked at while she's naked, and having her cunny viewed and touched without losing her nerve, and instead working on helping her feel excited and receptive when asked to show men her girl-parts.'
Emily blushed as she listened quietly, and father nodded appreciatively.
'Like I said, Dave has really helped her turn things around—she used to get so anxious just knowing a man had reserved her for a training session, let alone some of the issues she'd have while he was trying to enjoy her body. I'm super impressed with how she just greeted you; I always knew she could be a great trainee, and it just took some good guidance from a strong, trustworthy mentor.'
I chuckled and turned Emily around by the arm, admiring her shapely, well-trained booty where it swelled enticingly beneath the gentle drape of her sundress.
Lifting her skirt to admire the curves of her nethers, I was charmed to discover a pair of simple, plum-colored panties trimmed with a discreet black lace, which rose softly from between her round cheeks and rode their curves perfectly in a flattering bikini cut.
I slid my finger tip beneath the demure lacy trim where it lay stretched across her bottom, following it inward to where it dove between her buttocks and enjoying her shiver as she felt my touch inside her underwear and on the sensitive, private inner areas of her plump cheeks around her soft gusset; and I ran my hand over her backside and down her hamstrings, impressed with her toned lines and healthy musculature.
'Well, if I didn't know better, I honestly wouldn't know from how she's greeting me that she'd started her training career with such difficulty,' I said, appreciatively squeezing her buttocks and registering my enjoyment with a raised eyebrow and approving nod as her father beamed proudly. 'She's being quite friendly and well-behaved, and very nicely compliant, and I would have imagined she was always a natural at sharing her body by how she's responding to me right now. Just a delightful little creature.'
Dave cleared his throat.
'Yes, well, and on that note, I think she might be a little too taken with your handling style, Robert—she seems to have forgotten the special greeting we have been practicing to help her get more accustomed to sharing all of her, not just the parts she is comfortable with...'
Emily's head spun around, her face chagrined, and looked pleadingly at Dave.
'Mr. Kendrick, do I...do I have to?'
Dave nodded seriously.
'Yes, Emily, you do. This is exactly the sort of situation where it's warranted, and I need you to push outside your comfort zone a little right now and do what you know you should do. Mr. Stevenson has taken time out of his day to train you with me, and you need to practice relaxing and trusting that he will like what he sees. Don't make this more difficult than it needs to be, sweet girl—I'd rather not have to discipline you on your birthday.'
Slowly Emily turned to face me, her expression pained and embarrassed. She mustered her composure, and spoke in a careful, dutiful manner.
'It's good to meet you, Mr. Stevenson,' she said, laboring mightily through her next words. 'Would you...would you like to view my...my vulva, sir?'
It was clear now how needed Dave's steady hand was for her; girls her age, while sometimes still fighting traces of their native, innocent modesty, and not always fully confident in the attractiveness of their reproductive accoutrements, were typically far from this conflicted about exposing their genitals for the appreciation of eligible men, and my heart went out to her a little as I witnessed the struggle the girl was going through to obediently offer her cunny for my inspection.
I knelt in front of her, attempting to assure her with a kind smile.
'Why, thank you, Miss Emily—I would very much like to view your vulva. Would you show it to me, please?'
Her face fell a little as she'd evidently hoped, against all odds, that I would turn her offer down, but she caught Dave's eye telling her this was not optional, and she took a deep breath, bit her soft, full lower lip, raised the front hem of her sundress high above her perfect belly button, and tortuously tugged the gusset of her purple panties to the side so I could see her treasure between her legs.
She was lovely; her outer labia were cleanly-defined and symmetrical, and the perfect size to hold gently in my teeth and nibble on; but they served mostly as a setting for her luxurious, frilled inner lips, which spilled from between her sensible outer labia in an exuberant profusion of tender, richly-pink girl-flesh that hung enticingly heavy, and enclosed the insistent bud of her healthy, generously-proportioned clitoris within their extravagant petals.
She was impeccably groomed; as far as I could tell, her carefully trimmed patch of soft, dark fur was the only hair on her nethers, which appeared perfectly smooth and soft all about the rest of her privates.
Her breath came raggedly and overwrought, punctuated by adorable, tiny whimpers of mortification as she bravely showed me her most personal parts, glancing in barely-contained alarm from me to Dave as she worked to control her breathing and accept my cool gaze on her naked pussy until she was instructed to cover herself again.
I must have licked my lips without realizing it, drawing a laugh from Dave and Emily's father as they watched me discover her secret bits.
'In answer to your unspoken question, Robert,' Dave chuckled, 'Yes, she is very tasty, and a delight in the mouth. She's really remarkably sensitive and responsive, so you can imagine how fun she is to tease and torture with your tongue.'
Emily uttered a shuddering moan and a pleading, desperate, 'Oh...nooooo...' as Dave and I discussed the best ways to enjoy her body and get the most pleasure from training her.
I looked up at her, charmed by the great effort she was making to be a good trainee for Dave, and by her troubled, gentle eyes that shone in a heady tonic of shame, embarrassment, and arousal that fairly shook her small frame with its startling vehemence.
Although she was a willing and eager trainee who was deeply committed to embracing her purpose, and to mastering her difficult sexual training as she strove to become the best girl she could possibly be, it was clear that it was still a big step for this sweet thing to allow men to please themselves with her body, and I was touched to see her trusting, obedient nature as she made the hard choice to do what was right, rather than refuse or run away.
'Oh my goodness, Miss Emily, your vagina is very lovely. I'm now quite looking forward to playing with it today. Thank you so much for being such a good girl and offering to show it to me.'
Her eyes lit up, and she basked for a fleeting moment in my praise; unfortunately, however, I wasn't quite finished.
'Can you be a good girl one more time and spread your lips for me please, Emily? I would love to have a sneak peek at what I'll be enjoying later.'
She only needed a moment to battle a fresh wave of apprehension as I requested that she share more of her intimate area with me, and we were pleased to see her set her chin resolutely, nod her head graciously, and gasp softly at the sensation as her own fingertips made contact with her swollen labia and she carefully spread them apart for me.
'A little wider, Emily,' Dave instructed quietly as he observed closely, and with a mentor's keen eye, how she behaved while I handled her. 'Mr. Stevenson deserves to see a little bit of your insides if we want him to train you later.'
'Yes, Mr. Kendrick.' She nodded and immediately complied, blushing furiously as she spread her little wings far apart until they were like glossy, pink pillows on either side of her clitoris, pinned in place by the colorfully manicured nails of her delicate fingers.
The light pouring through the open front door instantly caught the rich, dark pink of her interior, and she glistened in the sunbeams, her slit already drenched in her juices and her clitoris, a tiny rosy bead nestled snugly in its dark, velvety hood, shining proudly as it dripped with her clear nectar, and the sweet, earthy scent of her femininity tickled my amygdala.
'My goodness, she's already so wet. What a sweet girl...this is really quite a lovely cunny, James,' I said to her father admiringly. 'She's got a beautiful little clitoris on her. Congratulations—she's delicious.'
Her father thanked me, and pointed out encouragingly to Emily that I was yet more proof that men truly did find her vagina attractive and enticing, as Dave nodded in agreement.
'Do you find her acceptable, Stevenson?' He asked.
'I do,' I grinned. 'I'm quite looking forward to playing with this little kitty.'
I stood up and kissed her, and gave her permission to release her pussy lips and put her vulva back in her panties, and told her she had been a very good girl; but without even bothering to cover herself again, her bare cunny still out in the cool air of the entryway for anyone to see, she returned my kiss with a fervent relief which took me aback as she pressed her lips deeply against mine and offered her tongue sweetly to me, her hands gently clasping my face.
Dave chuckled again as he saw the pleased surprise on my face at his trainees's eager kiss.
'I have rarely seen a young female so responsive to being called a good girl,' he mused pleasantly. 'It seems to be some unusually deeply-rooted conditioning, and I've found that she's willing to attempt any act, receive any instruction, and is never happier than if she has simply the prospect of hearing those words.'
Emily finally pulled her lips away from mine, gazing deep into my eyes for a surprisingly touching moment before releasing my face from her hands, tugging her panties back into place over her adorable vulva, and throwing her arms around Dave in an ecstatic hug.
'Thank you so, so much, Mr. Kendrick,' she said, her eyes alight with hurry to commence her lesson. 'This is the best birthday ever! Are you going to train me in the living room like normal, so daddy can watch, or do you want to go upstairs to my bedroom? I cleaned it and tidied it and everything for you and Mr. Stevenson, in case you wanted to use my bed.''
Dave's booming laugh filled the house.
'Oh my, no, sweet girl!' He grinned with anticipation for the program of birthday activities he'd put together. 'This is your special day, cutie, and I have lots of fun planned. Let's go get a coffee, and then we'll go to the museum to see the new exhibition; then we'll get a nice lunch, and in the afternoon I've reserved a suite at the Rylsky Hotel downtown, where we'll train you. I think Mr. Stevenson will be going home this evening, but you and I will sleep there so I can give you a good solid morning lesson, too. Does all that sound like fun?'
Emily could hardly contain her excitement, and she twirled around, her yellow sundress rising about her hips and flashing her purple panties as she thanked Dave for planning such a lovely afternoon for her.
'This is going to be amazing!' She danced about, jumping up to kiss Dave again. 'And look, Mr. Kendrick, I remembered what you said about practicing being more comfortable with men being able to see my body, and so I didn't wear a bra today—look, everyone will totally be able to see my nipples—and it feels kinda crazy going out in public like this, but also kind of cool...'
I could tell she was touched, as it was rare for a mentor to spend such personal time with a trainee outside of her actual sexual lessons, and she clearly understood that this meant he was very proud of her, and happy to be her mentor, and she was beside herself with joy.
'Well, I'm glad you're excited, Emily—I am, too,' Dave said, taking her by the shoulders to refocus her on his voice. 'We're just about ready to go, but there's one more thing—this is your birthday, but it is still also training, of course.
'You've come so far in your confidence and poise, Miss Emily, and I'm proud of how much more comfortable you've gotten with sharing your body with your trainers, but we still have a ways to go, as we all just saw when Mr. Stevenson asked you to show him your vagina.'
Emily's face fell as Dave mentioned her shortfalls; she was clearly a very sensitive girl who only wanted to please, and it was a cruel irony of fate that she should also be stricken by such petrifying shyness when it came to letting her body be used and enjoyed to its potential by her trainers.
'Now, Emily, I know this next lesson will challenge you, probably more than any of the lessons we've had together so far; but I also know you are strong enough, and brave enough, and obedient enough, to accept it as necessary, and to do your best in it.'
Emily's eyes searched his for his meaning.
'Yes, sir. What do I need to do?'
'Emily, I want you to begin to understand how your naked body is the most beautiful, captivating thing anyone could imagine, and for you to feel how your own skin—your wild, natural, skin—is everything you need to be your true, wonderful self.
'If a girl isn't comfortable being naked in the first place, her lessons will always be a struggle for her; so today, it's time for you to practice being at ease while naked—in any circumstances.'
A shocked gasp came from Emily as Dave explained the lesson she was to learn today, and she realized the cruel truth that her efforts to show her improvement by going braless, while already uncomfortable for her, didn't go nearly far enough.
'Emily, sweet girl, I'd like you to undress so Mr. Stevenson and I can take you out for your special day, please. Completely.'
There is little as absorbing as watching a girl struggle through the throes of a sexual conundrum, and the three of us men stood quietly, patiently, captivated by the series of emotions that chased each other across Emily's sweet, intelligent face as she looked from one of us to the other, hoping for some sort of addendum or reprieve.
'You mean...I have to be naked all day, sir? Like, in town and at the museum?'
Dave nodded.
'Yes, sweet girl. It's time for you to learn how to comport yourself as easily and confidently while in a state of undress as you do while clothed. You're a beautiful girl, and you have nothing that should be hidden—today you need to learn how to share that beauty freely. Go ahead and take your clothes off, and we can get going,' he said, with a gentle but unyielding smile.
Despite his daughter's beseeching gaze, James refused to offer her solace, and nodded in agreement with Dave's instructions.
'Sweetheart, you remember what you promised when Mr. Kendrick agreed to be your mentor?'
Emily nodded glumly.
'Yes, daddy. I promised to obey him in everything he says, and to trust that he will always teach me the best things for me to learn.'
She looked at Dave.
'Yes, sir. I'll do it, Mr. Kendrick.'
'Good girl.'
Feeling the weight of her duty, she slowly untied the bow at the front of her dress, loosening it and letting it fall from her shoulders.
It slipped easily down the gentle slopes of her breasts, revealing the top portions of her dark areolas before the hem of her neckline caught momentarily on her clearly swollen nipples, hanging on them and pulling them down under its weight before they sprang triumphantly free into the sunlight, and her dress fell to the glossy hardwood floor of the entryway in a tumbled heap around her white heels.
She stood now in only her purple panties, and I raised my eyebrows and shook my head in amazement at how lovely she was.
Her cheeks were flushed a bright pink, and her hips flared away sleekly below her toned waist, her breasts heavy and succulent above; her legs were splendid, with excellent muscle and smooth, sweeping curves that beckoned the hand.
She twisted about, attempting to behave and let us enjoy viewing her body despite the pounding in her chest.
'...Mr. Kendrick—not my...my panties, too?'
'Yes, Emily, your panties too.' Dave nodded. 'I said completely.'
'But sir,' she protested, 'Everyone will see my...my vagina? Everyone...oh my gosh...'
Despite her desperate desire to refuse, she knew this was an important lesson, and she painfully pulled her panties down and stepped gingerly out of them, and stood quietly, her eyes closed and her breasts heaving, letting the three of us enjoy looking at her body in its natural state.
A low chuckle came from Dave as he watched his trainee perform beautifully.
'Good girl, Emily,' he said, as she blushed again, her tummy tumbling a little from hearing her favorite words from her mentor after such a challenging test. 'You're very beautiful today. Open your eyes—I have a present for you.'
He'd produced a small white box from his jacket as she'd disrobed, and he handed it to her with a kiss, wiping a stray tear from her eye; obedience to a good trainer was often an emotionally cathartic experience, and it wasn't uncommon for a young girl to shed a tear or two as she experienced breakthroughs in her training.
She took the box with a giggling sniffle and opened it, and she was rendered nearly speechless by what she found.
'Oh my gosh, Mr. Kendrick, this is so beautiful!' She said, holding up a perfect string of pearls made into a simple, elegant choker. 'I love pearls, sir, they make me feel so pretty and feminine and grown-up—oh my gosh, these are so beautiful...'
Dave stepped behind her and took the necklace gently, securing it about her throat with the tiny golden clasp, wishing her a happy birthday and telling her she was a very good trainee. She was radiant, and we all agreed that she was now perfectly dressed for our day.
'How are you feeling, Emily?' Dave asked. 'Are you ready to go?'
Emily took a deep breath, a delicious shiver running through her naked body, fluttered her fingers nervously for a moment, and calmed herself, nodding her head.
'I want this day to be special for you, too, Mr. Kendrick—and you, Mr. Stevenson—and I want to do everything I can to please you and make you both feel as good as I can with my body, whatever that means, sir. Yes—I'm ready to go.'
She kissed her father goodbye, and he patted her bare bottom and wished her a happy birthday, reminding her to be a good girl for Dave and me, and to make sure to listen and obey, and do her best to please us and let us enjoy her body, and he confirmed that Dave would have her back home tomorrow morning in time for church.
She gave a little disbelieving squeak of exclamation as we stepped outside into the sunshine and she felt the first gentle whisper of the fall air against the bare skin of her most sensitive bits, and she giggled at the audacious experience of going outside her house in nothing but her heels and a perfect string of pearls.
Her hands reflexively wandered toward her cunny and her breasts, to cover them from both the fresh air and the appreciative eyes of anyone who happened to be nearby, and Dave firmly reprimanded her, reminding her that she was to behave like a proper young lady while in public today, and was forbidden from touching her breasts or her vulva until we got to the hotel and began her training there.
'I know you're already wet, dear girl, and no, you are not even to touch your vagina to clean yourself there,' he said in answer to her unspoken question.
'I want you to pay close attention to how you respond to different experiences today as we're out and about; every time someone looks at you or discusses your body, or you are suddenly struck with the reality that you are naked and sharing your beautiful self with anyone who happens to want to appreciate you, I want you to associate those moments with your arousal, and to consider what it means to be a vessel of pleasure, and to try to let yourself get as wet as possible.
'Mr. Stevenson and I will be checking your vagina periodically through the day to observe how much of a mess you become until we're ready to take you to the hotel to begin your lesson there.'
Emily's white strappy heels, while hardly extreme, were a little higher and narrower than she was accustomed to wearing, and Dave and I each took her by a hand and helped the beautiful nude girl unsteadily descend the stone staircase to the street below, her shoes clicking delightfully against the granite and her breasts swaying and bouncing lightly with each stair step.
Dave opened the front passenger door of his SUV and helped Emily as she climbed up in as ladylike a fashion as she could manage, though the inescapable anatomical mechanics of entering a vehicle meant we were still treated to a couple happy flashes of her beautiful bare vagina before she was able to primly close her thighs; he'd already turned on the heated seats the way he knew she liked, and she purred delightedly as she sat down and felt the low thrum of the massage feature vibrate up through her bare bottom.
She already loved the rare opportunities she'd had to ride in Dave's rig while clothed, but the soft, warm leather and the gentle vibrations felt even better against her naked skin, and she visibly loosened up and relaxed as she melted into the safety of the big vehicle's darkly-tinted windows.
I rode in the back seat, and got to know the sweet girl better as we drove. She was studying physics at university, and it happened that I had just returned from a brief trip to London, where I'd been fortunate enough to visit the Greenwich Royal Observatory.
It was one of my favorite places I'd ever been, and I told her how I'd gotten to see the little cottage where Astronomer Royal Neville Maskelyne had lived with his family and his telescopes, and had taught his daughter, Margaret, the science of the heavens. She had helped him map the stars and measure, for the first time, the mass of the earth, and Emily and I chatted pleasantly about scientific history, and the place she hoped one day to hold in it.
Dave interrupted our diverting conversation by asking Emily her favorite coffee shop and, caught off guard, the naked girl blurted out the truth.
Too late, she realized her mistake and tried to change her answer, but Dave just smiled and said we'd go to the first place she'd named as her eyes grew wide and she pouted.
I chuckled to myself. He'd timed his question to get an authentic response, and he knew that she was regretting accidentally giving him the power to take her to a place where she was a regular, and was more likely to be seen by people she knew and saw often; but that was precisely the situation he knew would challenge her obedience and trust, and which would yield the best results from his meticulous training methods.
We pulled up shortly to the coffee shop, which bustled on this agreeable Saturday morning, and Dave looked over at his trainee.
'Now, Emily, I want you to imagine you're dressed in your favorite outfit—that sundress you were wearing earlier, for example, was very flattering, and you looked beautiful—and to act exactly as if you are fully clothed, and behave like a perfect lady while we're in there, do you understand? Be polite, look people in the eye, and don't touch your breasts or your cunny.'
Emily nodded, visibly steeling herself for her first nude walk in public.
'Yes, Mr. Kendrick, I'll be good, I promise.'
'Excellent. I know I can trust you—all of your training has led to this. Are you ready?'
'Yes, sir,' she nodded again, 'I'm ready.'
I got out and opened Emily's door, offering my hand to help her alight, and I was enchanted.
The timid, uncertain girl of just a little while ago was gone, and a confident, strong, beautiful trainee was in her place.
Emily's heels stepped to the pavement and she stood tall, her chin high, her pearl choker seeming to magically clothe her more completely and elegantly than any dress; and she appeared to draw power from the elegant strand of iridescent white ocean gems, cloaking her naked body in their ephemeral, stately aura and carrying herself like a princess who was sure of her duty, and of herself.
Girls were generally expected to wear as little clothing as possible in any circumstances, and their outfits were chosen to enhance and showcase their physical charms, rather than to conceal them; but while it was not unheard of for a girl to be seen in public completely naked, it was the exception rather than the rule, and usually meant a girl was either undergoing severe punishment, or was an exceptionally well-trained girl receiving highly advanced lessons, and Emily's fetching nude form drew pleased and appreciative, though respectful, looks from the tables outside the coffee shop as we walked to the door and I opened it for the birthday girl.
Her admirable poise seemed to take a blow as she entered the shop, however, and she suddenly turned back and tried to make an exit, running headlong into Dave's broad chest.
'Oh my gosh, please, Mr. Kendrick,' she pleaded, 'Please, can we go somewhere else?'
Dave took her by the shoulders and calmed her.
'I'm sorry Emily, but no; we'll get coffee here. Tell me what is bothering you, sweet thing.'
Looking like she was about to die, the poor girl pointed to the boy behind the counter, a tall, lanky young man with a dark, curly shock of hair and a relaxed, intelligent smile that competed for one's attention with the surprisingly sculpted biceps filling the sleeves of his polo shirt behind his apron.
We listened as she explained that he was a senior at the university, a teacher's assistant a couple years older than her, and facilitated a few of her differential equations study groups; and it turned out she had a pretty major crush on him.
'...He's clever and funny and real smart...and really...good-looking...and he's always nice to me,' she whispered in growing horror at her current situation. 'I get the craziest butterflies in my tummy every time we pass in the halls or I see him anywhere, Mr. Kendrick, or when he sends me notes about how I can improve my contributions to our group projects. I thought he was off work today, and I can't believe he's here—please, please can we go somewhere else?'
Dave smiled understandingly, and shook his head.
It wasn't unusual, of course, for a girl to have crushes on boys, but while a young man like Emily's cerebral heartthrob might ask a girl like her out on an occasional, harmless date, he was never permitted to have sex with her unless they married; the unparalleled pleasures of young girls' bodies were reserved exclusively for the discerning, rightful enjoyment of eligible men, like Dave and myself.
I could see that Dave, like me, was a little touched by Emily's earnest and understandable desire not to let the object of her puppy love see her while she was naked and clearly in training by two men; but he patiently explained that her objections had no relation to the intent of her lesson, and were ultimately irrelevant anyway, pointing out gently but firmly that a young girl's fleeting feelings for boys were far too trivial a matter to take seriously in light of the important responsibility he and I had to the essential work of guiding her sexual development.
Emily knew he was right, of course, and she apologized for her moment of weakness, thanking Dave for his patience and assuring us that she would be good from now on; then she pushed her glasses up her nose, squared her shoulders, and set her chin with a smile as she turned around and walked to the counter as if she were wearing a sweeping gown, her breasts proudly leading the way, her nipples resolutely erect.
She greeted him politely, and as we ordered our drinks the poor fellow could hardly speak a word, he was so overcome by the unexpected sight of his classmate appearing at his counter in nothing but a pearl choker, and while he clearly tried to remain circumspect in his glances at her naked body, his blushing brow and his stammering replies betrayed how affected he was by her nude radiance, and how dearly he wished to stare in adoration, rather than merely glance, at her most intimate parts.
We were pleased to see Emily attempt to carry on a conversation with the boy as he made our order, despite his sudden tongue-tied state, and when she asked him if he was going to the student picnic next weekend, he said he was and managed, with great effort, to ask her if she'd like to go together.
She played it surprisingly cool, and said she'd think about it and let him know on Monday, and we were about to leave with our drinks when I stopped to get the barista's name and phone number; I knew he was Morgan Lynn's type, and my wife would probably enjoy training him.
'She's very good,' I told him, as Emily silently watched, the crestfallen look on her face plainly wishing, with all her heart, that I was speaking about her and not my wife. 'Very confident, very skilled. I think she'll like handling you.'
Back in the car, Emily gave a huge sigh and burst into giddy laughter, relief and adrenaline flooding her naked little body as she completed the first item on her special day's training agenda, and we praised her and told her she'd been a very good girl in the coffee shop.
'Oh my gosh, that was such a crazy rush!' She said, squirming a little. 'Oh man, Mr. Kendrick, I'm so wet right now—I'm going to make a mess on your seat...'
Dave laughed and reminded her not to try to clean up either the seat nor her leaking nethers; we wanted to continue to build on her budding associations between her public nudity and her arousal; and if she was obedient, the slick, warm flow between her legs would be a constant and undeniable reminder of her body's sacred purpose that would stoke its own fire, and she would be far more of a mess before we were done today.
'Let's discuss what you experienced in there,' he said as we drove to the art museum. 'Were you constantly getting wet the whole time, or were there moments that pushed your body into arousal?'
Emily thought for a moment. Often one of the more difficult skills for girls to learn was to be comfortable clearly, frankly communicating to men about every aspect of their young bodies and minds.
It was essential for a girl to understand that every part of her person was a possible source of pleasure for a man, and that she must always be a beautiful, open book for her handlers; and being able to accurately and explicitly describe her body's responses and proclivities, and to communicate clearly to a trainer the best ways he might choose enjoy her body, was an important thing for a girl to be able to do.
This sort of open communication about even the most intimate elements of herself was especially essential in the relationship between a trainee and her mentor, and Emily had clearly been working on this with Dave; it was heartwarming to hear the sweet girl thoughtfully articulate how her naked little body had responded to her exposure.
'Well, I actually got really wet when we talked and I decided I could do it, and walked to the counter,' she said, remembering with a giggle. 'I was so alert and sensitive to everything, cause I was kind of scared, honestly, and I could actually feel my inner lips slipping and sliding together a little with my juices as I walked, which I've never felt before. And then it was kinda like a dream—I don't remember much until—well, I don't know why, Mr. Kendrick, but when Mr. Stevenson was talking to him at the end, I felt...a lot...of moisture...'
'That makes sense,' Dave nodded thoughtfully. 'Sometimes not getting something we want, and seeing it go to someone else, makes us want it even more.'
He listed the factors that may have contributed to the puzzling state of Emily's hungry young vagina.
'You really like that boy in there, and you're never permitted to have sex with him, and we forced you to let him see you naked and look at your whole body; and then Mr. Stevenson made you watch while he reserved him for a training session with his wife, which caused you imagine the beautiful thing you want so badly being enjoyed by someone else—someone more skilled and knowledgeable than you, who has the right to enjoy the thing you want, but aren't allowed to have.'
Emily's eyes grew wide in astonishment as her mentor described exactly the emotions that had coursed through her, and the intricate chain reaction of small emotional and physical relationships that had culminated now in her drenched and needy cunny, and she sat quietly for a few minutes, contemplating the vast, complex interplay of the innumerable points of meaning that comprised her, and grateful for Dave's attentive, thorough guidance and insight in all matters of her sexual development.
'I'm glad I was there to witness that,' he continued. 'It is useful for me to know how your body responds to withheld pleasure, and it will add more depth to your training program now that I have observed just how strongly it affects you, sweet girl.'
Emily blushed a little and smiled out of the window, clearly awash in the feelings of trust and care that marked a good relationship between a trainee and her mentor, confident that Dave had her best interests in mind, and her sexual education—and her adorable naked body—in hand.
After a moment of quiet, she looked over at Dave, her voice soft.
'Thank you for being my mentor, Mr. Kendrick.'
I smiled to myself as he replied by simply reaching over and brushing her cheek softly with his hand, and giving her white breast a gentle, affectionate squeeze.
The Stonewall Museum of Art was a dynamic, contemporary structure, and as we pulled up Emily gave a cry of excitement.
'The special exhibition! Oh, Mr. Kendrick, I wanted to see this so badly—I'm so happy I get to visit before it ends!'
She was far more comfortable in her nudity now, and we walked together into the museum and purchased three tickets for the special exhibit, her splendid little figure and clean lines earning appreciative looks and nods from all directions, then entered the main gallery through a short hallway decorated in baroque style and into a high, skylit gallery beneath an ornate banner that read, 'Odalisque and Courtesan: Visions of Pleasure.'
Emily was beside herself, and seemed almost to forget her nakedness in her excitement as she wandered, transfixed, from canvas to canvas of sensual, opium-hazed orientalist harem scenes and erotic portraits of carelessly nude seraglio girls adorned with exotic and priceless jewelry lounging on beds and couches, whose serene countenance and languorous, open poses made it clear they knew their bodies were objects of exquisite pleasure and beauty, reserved only for the most powerful of men to enjoy, but that they still welcomed the humble viewer's adoring, hungry, and forbidden gaze as a fulfillment of their very purpose for existence.
The museum made a lovely interlude during a warm day, and several fathers and their daughters meandered through the gallery, avidly conversing in low tones about the ways in which the artists and the girls in the paintings explored the essence of the erotic, and discussing how the daughters could apply that knowledge in their training after their Festivals; this exhibition was excellent lesson material for any young girl, and I made a note to bring the twins here next week.
Dave and I followed along behind her, discussing the atmosphere and emotional resonance of the pieces with Emily, who, despite her passion for the paintings, was by far the most compelling work of art in the place.
A placard explained the history of the odalisque, and how in the old, less civilized days, only certain young girls were selected to fulfill their natural purpose and be trained in the secret arts of pleasing men, and that they were considered highly-prized possessions.
Now, happily, in our more enlightened times, all girls received a thorough sexual education after their Festival, and were taught to be excellent envoys of their sex for the enjoyment of all eligible males; the old paintings were still excellent sources of inspiration and education for today's young girls, however, in their heritage of girlhood and their copulatory responsibilities. Emily giggled as she read a historical passage from the placard.
'"...If anyone possesses a pretty-looking slave, the fact soon gets known. The gentlemen who wish to buy an odalisque, make their offers. Many men, indeed, prefer to take a slave as a wife, as, in such case, there is no need to dread fathers, mothers, or brothers-in-law, and other undesirable relations..."'
She turned to us, her teasing eyes dancing.
'Mr. Kendrick, I could be your odalisque, and Mr. Stevenson's...would you buy me and make me your wife?'
I was amused as both Dave and I chuckled and raised our left hands in unison, displaying our gold wedding bands as her lower lip pouted playfully.
'I would absolutely buy you and make you my wife if I could, dear girl, but unfortunately I'm already taken, and I love Mrs. Kendrick very much, as you know. It is my pleasure, however, to have a hand in training and molding you to be the best little odalisque you can be for every man who chooses to enjoy your precious body.'
I shook my head as she blushed and laughed again and I watched her full, plump bottom tick-tock on her strappy white heels to the next picture, her toned back musculature rippling softly beneath her skin, and I remarked quietly to Dave how beautiful her body was from behind.
She turned a lovely shade of rose as she heard me, but like a well-mannered girl, she played as if she hadn't, studiously examining a splendid piece by François Boucher, bending low at the waist as she pretended to read the signature and playfully wagging her bottom at us, her full, glistening labia catching our eyes where they spilled delightfully from about her opening.
'I know, right?' Dave murmured, and I knew Emily could just pick up his voice as well. 'She's actually quite strong despite her small size—I've seen her do thirteen pull-ups in a row. So sexy. You should see her when she needs to be restrained during a training session, whether by hand or with ropes—she's so cute when she struggles and bucks.'
'She's such a sweetheart, too,' I mused. 'Clearly she's developing really under you. You should be proud—good job.''
Dave nodded and thanked me.
'She really is—she's naturally so eager to please and willing to work hard; there's not much more a mentor could ask for in a trainee.
'She had a lot of trouble in the beginning, right after her Festival, with accepting and embracing the fact that the pleasures of her body now belonged to any and every eligible male who took an interest in her. You know how girls can sometimes struggle with this at first; but it does seem to be the more intelligent ones like her that have the hardest time with it.
'She's come such a long way. Having an orgasm was initially impossible. She had trouble relaxing and giving herself over and trusting; it happens a lot more now, but she knows she'd be a lot more desirable if she were better at it. Especially with a quick session, or being fucked anywhere that isn't a bed, she still definitely struggles with it.
'And she still feels very self conscious when men lick her vulva, or even just want to look at it; she seems to be doing really well right now, but I won't be surprised if we still have to overcome some trepidation on her part when we take her to the hotel and it's time for you to enjoy her.'
I nodded understandingly; it was normal for new girls to feel protective of their genitals, and to balk when instructed to allow strange men to root pleasantly about in their tender girl-bits, but it was not something to be indulged, and should be dealt with immediately.
I knew that even if Emily had second thoughts about giving herself to me, Dave and I had sufficient skill and strength to ensure her misgivings didn't prevent us from fully enjoying her delightful little body to our hearts' content, as was only right and proper.
'She's so small,' I remarked quietly, recalling the considerable size of Dave's cock. 'Can she even take a full-size piece?'
Dave chuckled, and a rosy glow crept across Emily's body as she eavesdropped.
'She used to have considerable difficulty taking larger penises inside her, but we've been working on that, and she can take all of me now, though it's still a bit of a challenge at first—I'll be interested to see how she handles you, since you're even a little bigger than I am.
'I think it only helps that she really honestly loves cocks, and she loves the feeling of semen inside her or on her body—she adores the taste; so much so that I've actually seen her bring herself to orgasm without any vaginal contact, simply by holding fresh cum in her mouth. She's a little treasure, really.'
I wanted to begin accustoming her to my touch, and I moved close behind her, running my fingers gently over her smooth bottom and on up her spine as she stood and shivered deliciously, leaning cozily back against me as I placed my big warm hands on her bare shoulders; I felt her tremble in spite of herself as I gently pulled her naked body against me and held her there, my heavy cock pressed patiently against the precious curve of the small of her back.
Her body was peppered with goosebumps; the museum was kept quite cool, and it was obvious from the painfully erect state of her nipples that she was a little cold, but I was impressed that she hadn't uttered a word of complaint, knowing that all of this was training for her benefit, and that she had a duty to keep her body on display for us.
I bent down, my beard brushing her back and causing her to shiver and gasp as I kissed her shoulder and spoke softly to her.
'Do you like listening when men discuss your body, and what they want to do to you, Miss Emily?' I asked.
She tried to answer, but her tongue was suddenly unruly, and she gulped, then swallowed again before she was able to form her words.
'Yes, sir, Mr. Stevenson—I...I like it very much, sir...ohhhh, Mr. Stevenson...''
I ran my hands slowly down her arms, and gently cupped her chilly breasts, warming them in my large palms and savoring their perfect handfuls, but taking care not to touch her cold nipples, despite her plaintive whimpers imploring me to aid her poor, crinkled, dark nubs.
'Do you like this one?' I asked, indicating the Boucher we were standing in front of with a nod and ignoring her struggles to maintain her composure as I played torturously with her lovely breasts. Emily nodded and smiled after shaking her head first to try and clear it.
'Yes, Mr. Stevenson. I like how...happy and relaxed she looks.'
The Boucher odalisque was one of my favorites too, and showed an adorable, curvy little blonde sprawled comfortably on her tummy on an opulent golden lounge, her juicy thighs splayed innocently wide behind her and her healthy white bottom offered like a delicacy for the pleasure of the viewer in the center of the canvas.
I agreed she looked happy and relaxed, and asked Emily why she thought she looked that way. She ventured to guess it was because she liked being naked, and I encouraged her to look closer at the painting, asking her why she thought the girl's sheets were so rumpled.
She considered for a moment, and suddenly her eyes lit up, her mouth forming a perfect 'O' of recognition as she recognized the truth.
'Mr. Stevenson—she just had a...a lesson, didn't she?' she whispered dramatically.
I laughed.
'Yes, cutie. She's thinking about what her handler taught her, and how grateful she is that he took the time to train her; it was a good, stern lesson, and she feels a little wonderfully sore and swollen where he penetrated her, which is why she's lying with her legs apart and a scandalous hint of the pleasure that lies just there, between her spread booty cheeks, and she's feeling his cum slowly leak from her cunny back there.
'But what is truly erotic about this picture isn't that she's beautiful and naked, or that a handler just finished enjoying himself with her body—it's that WE are seeing her. We're in the room, and perhaps the man who just trained her still is, as well; and as a man, there is nothing more enticing than seeing a well-fucked young girl all laid out like a lovely little bowl of cream—she's happy, and purring, and nicely broken-in already, and if you and I were there, Emily, I'd walk up beside her and dip my fingers into her freshly-trained cunny and kiss her before climbing atop that adorable bottom and enjoying her myself, while you watched me take my turn with her...'
As I described my impulses and desires upon studying the painting to Emily, my cock grew fully hard, and she gasped as she felt its thick length unfurl forcefully in my trousers as I held her close against me, my hands enfolding her breasts and riding them pleasantly as they rose and fell with the sweet girl's ragged breathing as she followed my analysis to its conclusion.
'...It's a very special thing for men to share a girl, and to take turns training her until she is completely spent, feeling her body and her soul open up and yield more and more of herself to them until there is nothing left in her but their cum; and this picture fills me with that longing.'
Emily listened, her eyes wide behind her glasses and a tiny whimper catching in her throat as she recognized herself in the painting, and felt herself become part of her own ancient, primal history.
'You mean...like what you and Mr. Kendrick are going to do with me later, Mr. Stevenson?'
I ran my hands down her tummy and over the front of her hips, my fingers foraying pleasantly through her short, soft muff, and then gently parted her lips, touching Emily's private parts for the first time.
She released a sudden, involuntary cry that echoed sharply through the quiet gallery as my fingers made contact with her sensitive, swollen cunny, attracting some attention from the other patrons, whose heads raised in unison from their contemplation of the art like a herd of gazelles that just saw one of their own get carried off by a lion, and I quietly, but firmly, hushed her.
'When you are nude in public like this, Emily, you must act exactly as if nothing were out of the ordinary, no matter what else happens. We are here to look at the paintings, dear girl, and I just need to check how wet you've gotten since we arrived. Spread your legs a little for me, and hold still. There's no need for any loud noises—you may whimper quietly, if you must.'
Her white heels clicked unsteadily on the marble floor of the gallery as she stepped her feet a little apart, and I was impressed to even see her bend her knees a little to give me more access in her efforts to obediently offer her vagina to my hand. She was truly a well-trained and thoughtful girl.
She was a tremendous mess between her legs; I simply ran my fingers once through her luxurious labia, and my entire hand came away coated in her juices, which were already running down the insides of her thighs.
I held my hand up to show Dave, and he nodded approvingly as Emily, her eyes glazing with her growing need, looked back up at me and begged me with her soulful gaze and her insistent, imploring whine to return it to the warm, famished confines of her vagina, and touch her there some more.
There was no need to check her further, however, since it was clear that she was responding favorably to her lesson; but I pretended to not realize that until the last moment, and brought my hand to within a cunny-hair of her vulva before suddenly 'remembering' and pulling away from her poor, shocked vagina with a soft chuckle, and she barely controlled her outraged, frustrated growl of disappointment as I brought my hand to her lips.
'Clean your mess off, Emily. Good girl.'
She obediently licked and sucked her juices from my fingers, but her eyes, fixed on mine perhaps just a bit too attentively and dutifully now, flashed with a little fire as her body began to roil with her insistent, growing need that neither Dave nor I was going to satisfy for her quite yet.
As we moved on to the next painting, which we were surprised and pleased to discover was Manet's original Le Déjeuner sur l'Herbe (a charming, classic portrayal of historical girl training that startled and delighted Emily with its undeniable parallels to her own current, present day situation, as well as the universal simplicity and timelessness of the venerable custom of handling and training young girls), we were joined by a couple of other men and their own girls.
'Pardon me,' one of the men said, introducing himself and his friend to Dave and me. 'We just wanted to say how impressed we are with this young lady. We've been watching, and she's so confident and poised and comfortable, and it's an inspiration to see a girl so clearly well-trained like this out in public.'
Dave thanked him for his kind words about Emily and she fairly glowed from the praise as all the men shook hands, and the other gentleman gestured respectfully to her naked body.
'She's so cute; and I love those breasts—may I?'
Dave nodded with a smile and encouraged him to make himself at home, only to please not touch her vagina so as not to disrupt a lesson she was currently being taught, and Emily stood very still with a polite smile and breathed with well-trained discipline as the man gently, appraisingly took her breasts in his hands and tested their weight, running his fingers admiringly over her soft skin, tracing the tantalizing circumference of her areolas, and tugging firmly on her nipples, which he seemed pleased to see grow firmer and harder, and turn a darker shade of pink under his practiced touch as he stimulated them, and caused a tiny whine to emanate from deep in her compliant throat.
While Emily was having her breasts inspected, Dave complimented the gentlemen on the beautiful girls they had with them as the girls stood quietly, their hands clasped properly behind their backs.
'This is my daughter, Evelyn, and this is Peter's daughter here, Melanie. They'll be celebrating their Festivals in a couple years, and we were pointing out to them how remarkable Emily is, and how she is clearly bringing you two fellows a great amount of pleasure with her lovely body, and how hopefully our two girls can learn something from watching her. You're obviously a couple of excellent handlers; Pete and I were actually also wondering if you guys ever work with girls who haven't had their Festivals yet, or would be willing to consider coaching our daughters, for a fair price, of course?'
Dave and I cast an appreciative look at the two girls; the spirited-looking Evelyn in her cute, form-fitting off-the-shoulder minidress the curvier and bustier curly-haired brunette, her breasts, bouncy and impressively well-developed for her age, constantly on the verge of escaping from the precarious, low-cut refuge of the light knit fabric; and Melanie, a statuesque blonde with flashing blue eyes clad simply in a little white tube top, her prominent nipples making it clear that chill of the air conditioned gallery had no problem penetrating the thin layer of cotton, and a very high-cut pair of daisy dukes that didn't even fully cover the front and gusset of her pink thong, which peeked flirtatiously from behind the soft fringe of white denim thread at the leg holes of her cutoffs; Dave said it was certainly something we'd be willing to discuss, and as Emily and the girls watched, we exchanged contact information before parting so we could arrange the particulars at our leisure.
The final part of the exhibit as we made our way to the exit was a fun photo booth opportunity for visiting girls. A small stage had been set up, furnished with a couple antique couches and ornate drapery, and girls could undress and pose as their favorite odalisques from the exhibition, and museum photographers took their pictures as souvenirs of their visit.
Evelyn and Melanie and their fathers were just ahead of us along with a few other girls, and we spent a pleasant little while in line waiting for Emily's turn, watching as the other young girls stripped naked and took turns having their photos taken.
This unexpected stroke of good luck that allowed us to see Evelyn and Melanie nude confirmed the impression Dave and I had gotten when we met them, and we agreed that whatever precisely their fathers wanted us to teach them, we were both very interested in assisting the girls with their training to help prepare them for their Festivals.
When it was her turn, I was charmed to see Emily immediately choose the lounge and sprawl across it in her best homage to Boucher's odalisque, her legs carelessly and innocently apart and her perfect round bottom in the air, and she kissed me sweetly when she was done, handing me a copy of her photo and telling me she wanted me to keep it to remember her by.
Dave said that since she had been such a good girl, we should stop by the museum gift shop to see if there was anything she'd especially like.
The gift shop was full of books and tote bags and puzzles and art prints, of course, but Emily was quickly drawn to the jewelry counter, which was filled with lovely pieces inspired by the exotic adornments of the odalisques, and Dave and I both felt that she had earned a special present; he bought her a beautiful, simple set of pearl pendant earrings, and I, a lovely, delicate anklet made from a string of pearls set in gold, with tiny golden bells that sang sweetly with every step.
Dave carefully put her earrings in and I had her lift her foot onto a bench so I could fasten the golden hasp of her anklet around her sculpted ankle, just above the delicate white leather strap of her heel, and she was radiant now, clad literally from head to toe in nothing but pearls.
Our good friend Tavio Milano owned Padre's, an upscale Italian restaurant downtown, and as we walked up to the hostess' station he saw us from the bustling kitchen and ran through the crowded dining room to intercept us, his hand extended in warm greeting as he gestured to one of the only empty tables.
'So good to see you, Dave, and always a pleasure. Robert,' he exclaimed, his eyes lighting up as he took in the naked little vision that was Emily. 'My goodness, my friends, what a beautiful girl you have with you today!!'
He gently fondled her nipple as he took her cheek in his hand and kissed her on the lips, coming up for air a moment later with a comical gasp as Emily blushed deeply at his enthusiasm for her charms.
'My god, she is bellisima,' he laughed, taking her by the chin and closely admiring her face as Dave introduced her. 'I'm so glad you are here. What is the special occasion?'
Dave explained that it was Emily's birthday, and that he and I were going to teach her to be enjoyed by two men at the same time later today. Tavio grinned.
'Well, she clearly deserves it,' he laughed, looking her up and down and running his fingers gently through her pubic hair. 'What a healthy, vibrant-looking pussy on her. I love these full lips—there's not much that feels better on a hard cock than labia like this caressing it while you give a girl's cunny long, slow strokes.'
We agreed, of course, and took our seats around the crisp white table linen. Tavio's stunning daughter, Liya, had been in the same workout class as my daughter, Jennifer, and we had grown close as our girls' Festival drew near.
When Jennifer had won first place, I was allowed to choose the girl I wished to deflower, as well as choose the man I wanted to open and inseminate Jennifer for the first time. I had immediately chosen to couple with Liya, and had offered my Jennifer to Tavio, who had gleefully accepted and had enthusiastically taken my daughter's virginity on the stage at the old theater, welcoming her formally into her new place in life as a sexual trainee.
He was a vigorous, well-built Sicilian with a thick handlebar mustache and one of the biggest cocks I had ever seen, despite his relatively short stature, and he was always ready to celebrate for any reason.
'Happiest of birthdays, Miss Emily—I shall bring out my finest birthday champagne for the birthday girl, yes?' He asked Dave, who shook his head and held up his hand with a wink.
'Unfortunately, Tavio, Miss Emily is not old enough to drink champagne yet,' he said, as the momentary excitement on Emily's face fell again in disappointment that she was not going to get to taste grown-up bubbles for the first time today. 'She is, however, old enough for one of your special Italian cream sodas—you know, the one the girl gets to help make?'
Tavio's eyes twinkled behind his mustache.
'I know exactly what you're talking about,' he chuckled. 'An excellent choice for the signorina. Come back to my office in two minutes.'
When we entered his comfortable office a short time later, we found Tavio flanked by a pair of very attractive, smiling, dark-haired young men, both dressed in crisp white uniforms, whose dark eyes lit up the moment they saw the lovely naked form of the girl we'd brought with us.
Tavio introduced them as his nephew and sous chef, Luca, whose muscular frame and head of thick obsidian curls echoed the square jaw and twinkling eyes of his uncle; and Franco—tall, lean, with a luxurious dark ponytail and a short, closely-groomed beard—his maître 'd.
Emily looked quizzically at Dave, and he smiled and kissed her.
'This is part of your birthday present, sweet girl,' he said as her face went from astonishment, to disbelief, to outright glee as her mentor explained.
'Luca and Franco are here for you—you are to go to them and please them with your mouth and your hands, and help them both cum, alright? It will be good practice for you, and will allow me to watch and note any areas you need to improve in being responsible for two penises at the same time.'
Emily was clearly beside herself with excitement, and she trembled visibly as she realized what she was being told to do by her mentor. She had felt her tummy tumble and a fresh flush of moisture saturate her secret parts the moment she'd walked into the room and seen the two gorgeous young Italian men smiling at her naked body, and she couldn't believe this was the reason she'd been brought here.
The giddy thrill in her tummy at the knowledge that she was going to get to play with Franco's and Luca's cocks, and put them in her mouth, and make them cum, was only overshadowed by one concern.
'Mr. Kendrick, I'm so excited—oh my gosh,' she whispered, her eyes darting from the pair of young Italians to Dave, and back again. 'Just...um...sir...will you and Mr. Stevenson still train me...together...later? Or...is this my present? It's totally awesome and great if it is, sir, I just...um...wondered...'
Dave laughed heartily and kissed her again, assuring her that he and I were most certainly still planning on taking our pleasure with her little body this afternoon, and she should consider this her apéritif to her main lesson at the hotel later.
He patted her on the butt and told her to go introduce herself to the boys and offer to suck on their penises like a good girl, and Emily, barely able to contain her excitement in her small frame, tripped lightly across the room and offered her naked little self for the pleasure of Tavio's staff in her quiet, respectful voice as we looked on approvingly.
The young men undid their trousers and pulled out their already quite tumescent cocks as she approached, and with friendly smiles they each took her by one of her wrists and brought her hands to their penises.
She gasped audibly as her fingers made contact with their erections and she held two hungry cocks in her hands for the first time ever, and she was swept by a visible shiver at the intensity of the experience as she stared, transfixed, at their aquiline features and sensual Mediterranean lips, and felt the ruddy Etruscan heat coursing through the pair of heavy, hard shafts she grasped possessively in her fists, filling her hands with their insistent warmth and causing her to suddenly never want to let go.
Clearly more overcome by the encounter than she'd expected to be, she absently and somewhat awkwardly tried to stroke the boys' cocks together, but she was obviously and charmingly far too distracted and atwitter to be able to pay much attention to her technique.
The young men didn't seem to mind, however, and Franco gently pulled her in for a deep kiss as she played with his member, and she moaned softly into his lips as Luca kissed her shoulders and back as he crouched down behind her and admired her bottom, working her plump cheeks between his sure hands and spreading her so he could admire her drenching vagina.
They spoke no English, and murmured appreciatively to each other and to Tavio in their Sicilian patois as they explored and discussed her delightful body, and its taste and its scent.
'They can touch her anywhere they like, except her vagina, please,' Dave spoke up, and Tavio translated, understanding nods and smiles coming from the boys, and a desperate, betrayed moan emanating from poor Emily as Luca immediately withdrew his fingers from where they had just softly transgressed her perfect little anus on their way to investigate her drooling entrance.
With a sure hand on her shoulder, Franco guided Emily to her knees so she could properly serve him and Luca with her mouth, and she went about her work with an endearing thoroughness and enthusiasm, switching from one penis to the other, her hands never leaving both of them as she suckled and licked and nuzzled their hard cocks, pure delight in her eyes at her incredible good fortune and the thoughtfulness of her mentor.
'Goodness, she seems to love that,' Tavio remarked appreciatively as we watched the sweet girl revel in her birthday present.
'She absolutely does,' Dave replied proudly. 'Pretty much every man that trains her comments on her blowjob skills; she's naturally very orally fixated, and she positively loves the taste of semen. She's actually got a pretty strong gag reflex, and she's working hard to control it; this is some of the deepest throat work I've seen her do, in fact—it probably doesn't hurt that I think she's naturally very attracted to those two, and understandably so.'
Franco and Luca were in heaven; while normally boys their age wouldn't be allowed to enjoy a young girl like Emily in this way, it was part of their job at Padre's, and so workplace exceptions applied, which made them appreciate their work all the more.
They lifted her shakily to her feet and helped her lie back on Tavio's big oaken desk, her creamy body illuminated by the sepia light of the antique stained-glass lamps on either side of his workspace, and Luca took a turn steadily fucking her willing throat for a while, caressing her cheek and encouraging her in low Italian, while Franco ensured she continued dutifully stroking his penis as he bent down and kissed and nuzzled her breasts and sucked hungrily on her nipples, his fingers tracing the curves of her thighs and teasing cruelly and deliciously about the forbidden borders of her pouting mons.
Poor Emily was losing herself in the heady grasp of the two young men, and she whined insistently and continuously on Luca's cock, her legs rubbing lubriciously together as she twisted and moaned on Tavio's desk in her attempts to deliver some tiny scrap of stimulation to her neglected, swollen nethers as she obeyed her mentor and did her best to help the two young studs to cum.
As she slid her wet, shapely thighs together, the tiny bells on her delicate ankle chiming sweetly, the glisten of her juices in the soft lamplight made it clear that her unrequited feminine need had dripped and smeared its way nearly to her knees; despite the unprecedentedly stimulating nature of her birthday activities, her poor cunny had so far today only been touched once—and then ever so briefly—when I'd checked the state of her vagina at the museum; and her hand now slowly, surreptitiously crept toward her girl bits in a desperate, instinctive effort to soothe some of the heedless, throbbing hunger of her young vagina.
Dave, observing her closely as her unruly fingertips reached the outlawed frontier of her dark, silky clitoral hood, knew better than to overlook her lack of discipline, despite how understandable it was.
'Emily, I told you to be a proper young lady today—if you touch your vulva, you will receive a spanking when we get to the hotel,' he warned quietly, and she whimpered again in frustration, quickly withdrawing from her private parts as Franco and Luca chuckled at her travails and admired the beautiful naked body of the tortured young girl as she sucked and tugged all the more urgently on their penises.
Franco looked up at Tavio and hoarsely said something in Italian, and Emily, sensing he was about to cum, opened her eager mouth wide, her tongue extended and a light of anticipation in her eyes, preparing for his ejaculation and the savory, vital taste of the handsome young man's semen that she wanted so badly.
To her astonished disbelief, he stroked his cock a few times, rubbing the purple head against her slick pink tongue, and then suddenly, roughly pulled himself away from her, taking a small glass beaker from Tavio and releasing himself into it with an untranslatable string of profanity and shooting several long, heavy streams of semen into the clear vessel as Emily, crestfallen behind her glasses, watched in confused shock, her expectant pink tongue still sticking mournfully from between her disappointed lips.
Dave calmly worked to refocus his trainee.
'No, Emily, they will not be cumming in your mouth, sweetheart,' he confirmed, with only a trace of sympathy in his voice; girls often wanted things that they weren't allowed to have in their training, and just as often needed things they didn't want at first, and he was in no way unduly swayed by the quixotic emotional tempests of a young female whose sexual training he was responsible for, and who still had much to learn about her place in the world, and the proper use and purpose of her delectable body.
She knew better than to ask why, but she still held Dave's gaze a moment longer, and with a touch more reproach in her eyes, than was decent, and he cocked his brow sternly, his fiery mustache curling downward a little fiercely to let her know he was serious about correcting her behavior.
'Stay focused on your responsibilities, young lady—help Luca finish now.'
She dutifully, if begrudgingly, obeyed, using her best technique to try and please Luca and bring him to a wonderful orgasm, even though she knew her only reward would be getting to put his penis in her mouth in the first place, and I was certain I glimpsed a few furtive, sullen looks toward her mentor from the corners of her eyes as she let Luca hold her head and vigorously probe the back of her throat with his cock until he, too, pulled heartlessly away from her parched lips and uncomprehending eyes, and instead delivered his thick load of cream with a triumphant, relieved laugh into the beaker, where it joined Franco's semen and made an impressive effort to fill the little glass vessel.
As Luca came, Tavio shrugged his shoulders with a smile and began undoing his trousers.
'Normally I don't do this, but she is just too lovely,' he said to Dave. 'If it's alright with you, I'd like to add my own contribution—compliments of the house, of course.'
Dave and I laughed as Tavio pulled his meaty piece from his pants and stepped to his desk where Emily lay in a bit of a creamy daze after her work on the two boys, and he turned her head toward him with a firm hand and inserted his hard cock into her parted lips; her beautiful eyes grew wide and she immediately began suckling and nursing on his massive erection, her young, well-trained body instinctively going into action and perfectly fulfilling its rightful purpose in response to being used by the capable, mature penis of an eligible male.
It was clear that Tavio, though an accomplished and experienced girl trainer who had enjoyed handling many of the finest and most beautiful and talented young females our town had raised, was quite taken with the gentle Emily and her earnest, wholehearted yearning to be a desirable, pleasurable mate for the men who handled her, and his demeanor softened noticeably as she ministered ardently to his penis, her contented whimpers of pleasure and dutiful service harmonizing with his low growls of approval as he caressed her naked body and watched her try avidly, and ultimately futilely, to fit his entire, enormous penis in her mouth.
He shook his head at Dave and me in wondrous appreciation for her beauty and skill as she blushed a bright pink at his warm approval in front of her mentor, and he gently, somewhat reluctantly extricated his cock from her hands and mouth as he approached orgasm, smiling apologetically at her disappointment as she lay limply on her side, her head resting on the leather top of his desk, woefully licking her lips as she watched him launch a massive ejaculation into the glass, his powerful blasts of semen roiling and swirling the loads of Franco and Luca, and threatening to splash over the side as he groaned and emptied himself next to the wistful, naked, obedient girl whose sweet mouth he'd just used to bring himself to climax.
We helped the shaky Emily to her feet, and thanked Tavio and his employees for their assistance as we returned to the dining room and our table; Emily was glowing, and she thanked Dave profusely for her birthday present, though it was evident she was still a little disappointed and unclear on why she had not been allowed to take the cum she had worked so hard to coax from its respective penises, and which she was so thirsty for.
We had just sat down and begun consulting the menu, however—Dave choosing the steak and I the octopus, while Emily selected the lamb—when Tavio arrived again at our table with a giant smile, a folded towel and a tray of glassware on his arm.
'For the gentlemen,' he said, setting flutes of finely-bubbled Prosecco in front of Dave and me. 'And for the young lady—Padre's special Italian cream soda.'
He placed a tall glass of sparkling imported strawberry mineral water before her, and then retrieved from the tray an elegant crystal cruet filled with a heavy white cream.
Emily did a double-take, recognizing the contents of the little pitcher, and squealed in excitement as her eyes darted to each of us, pleading wordlessly that her hopes were correct.
Dave nodded and chuckled at her glee.
'Yes, Emily, sweet thing—you did a very good job extracting the special cream that makes Tavio's Italian sodas so delicious and nutritious for young girls, and now you'll get to enjoy his signature drink. Happy birthday, cutie,' he said indulgently, as Emily watched, spellbound, as Tavio expertly drizzled the stringy, thick white mixture of semen over the softly hissing pink surface of her strawberry soda with a flourish.
'This is from Franco, and Luca, and me, signorina; buon compleanno, and happy birthday, Miss Emily; salud,' Tavio said, giving the cruet a flamboyant little shake to deliver a last, extra-gooey bit from where it clung to the spout as the three voluminous loads of cum, each slightly different in its consistency and color, swirled in marbelized ribbons of ivory and white betwixt the ice cubes and bubbles behind the dripping condensation of Emily's glass, and she bit her lower lip in eager anticipation as she admired the results of her hard work and training being used by a culinary master to create such a beautiful and unique treat for her enjoyment.
We encouraged her to drink up, and she took a large sip, her eyes widening with delight as she tasted the strawberry's sweetness offset by the earthy, salty tones of the fresh Italian semen, and she giggled as she felt the bubbles dancing about her mouth and happily imagined the countless millions of tiny sperm she had coaxed from the three beautiful penises she had been allowed to play with that were now swimming and swirling around her teeth and tongue, and she again felt a flush of wetness fill the intimate space between her cunny lips as she sat on a linen napkin in her chair in the restaurant and realized how expertly Dave was guiding her as his trainee.
She looked up to see Tavio beaming at her as he admired her understated beauty and delicate poise, and she felt a sudden, unexpected sense of warmth and intimacy with him as their eyes met and they both thought, at the exact same moment that she swallowed a thirsty gulp of soda, of how much of the rich, viscous seminal fluid she was drinking was his; and she was once again deeply grateful for Dave's efforts to expose her to kind, expert girl-handlers who made her feel safe, and generously taught her the many ways she was capable of bringing them pleasure, and she solemnly promised herself she would never, ever do anything to disappoint her mentor for as long as he was willing to spend his valuable time and energy in teaching her.
Once we'd eaten our delicious lunch, and Emily had finished her nourishing beverage while we watched to ensure she drained every last drop of precious cum from the bottom of the glass, and she primly gathered a last stray stringy glop of someone's semen from her lips into her mouth with her tongue, Dave pressed a generous tip from him and me for the boys into Tavio's hand, and we departed for the hotel.
The Rylsky was a fancy place a few blocks from the restaurant, and our comfortable nineteenth-floor suite was lushly furnished, and decorated with a lovely selection of erotic and nude art featuring beautiful young girls; it opened onto a balcony with splendid views of the city and the bay, and Emily danced nakedly to the railing and leaned over, her round backside a wonderful addition to the already lovely vista.
She spun around and leaned sensuously against the railing, her breasts glowing in the sun, her eyes shining with happiness for everything that had happened in her wonderful day so far, and in anticipation for everything that was yet to come, and I took a moment to enjoy her beauty as Dave poured him and me a scotch from the bar.
'Come here, Emily,' I said, and as she happily complied, I took her in my arms and kissed her, my hands wandering hungrily over her body as Dave waited with my glass and chuckled in mock puzzlement.
'Well gosh, what shall we do now?' He said.
I sat down on the bench at the foot of the giant four-poster king bed and stood Emily in front of me so I could better admire her body, and I ran my hands down over her full breasts and across her tummy, and ruffled her soft little scruff with my fingers, making her purr as she looked down at me with the sweetest look of willing desire on her face as she stood stock-still so I could touch her where and how I wanted, admirably controlling her urge to leap into my lap and rub her needy, naked body all over me.
'Well, I've been hungry all day for this little vagina,' I said, taking a sip of my whiskey as I grasped her clitoral hood gently between my thumb and finger and tugged upward on it so I could examine her clitoris, which was delightfully pink and full as it glistened beneath a heavy coat of her nectar. 'And I've been so looking forward to finding out what she tastes like. I think Emily needs to lie down on the bed and open her legs and show me her cunny so I can inspect it fully, and can take my time lapping up the sweet juices she's been secreting so abundantly all afternoon, and I can observe how she responds to having her different bits sucked and nibbled on.'
Emily suddenly let out a strange, sobbing moan, and she closed her legs and pulled away from my hand with a look of panic. The ice in Dave's glass clinked as he set it firmly down on the walnut sideboard.
'Emily, I'm disappointed in you,' he said, as she covered her pussy with one hand and her mouth, in alarm at the entire situation and her role in it, with the other, and looked at Dave with embarrassment and defeat. 'What on earth are you doing? I thought we were past this.'
It was clear that even with how well she'd been doing in her lessons, and even after spending so much of the day nude, Emily still struggled with comfortably allowing me to fully enjoy her vagina; there was something so extraordinarily intimate for this girl in letting men view and inspect and eat her cunny that it literally stopped her in her tracks, though she was aroused and compliant in every other respect, and it was unfortunate that at this late hour, she still felt too abashed to willingly offer me full access to her private parts.
'I'm SO sorry, Mr. Stevenson—I'm SO sorry, Mr. Kendrick, sir—I know I shouldn't have pulled away—please, can't I just suck on your penises instead? I don't know what happened—I'm so sorry—I—I—I like you, Mr. Stevenson—a lot, sir—and I just got so scared all of a sudden when you decided it was time to—to enjoy my vagina—and I know you have the right to, sir—'
Dave stopped her with a raised hand, his voice disappointed at Emily's stumble as he spoke to me.
'This is the kind of thing we've been working on, Stevenson, and you can see it's been a process. Helping her focus and simply comply, and trust that her handlers will appreciate and take care of her body properly has been the main goal; still, however, even though she knows better, that unfortunate display just now can't be overlooked.'
I agreed; there was simply no excuse for a girl to pull away from a man and hide her genitals while in a lesson; and if nothing else, as her current sexual trainers, we had a responsibility both to deal with her misstep for her own good, as well as to the other eligible men who would handle her in the future to ensure that they weren't inconvenienced by her lack of discipline when they chose to enjoy her body—that was just good girl-training etiquette.
Dave looked at Emily.
'Sweet girl, we'll need to address this issue before we can proceed with your birthday lesson,' he said seriously, as her eyes quailed with contrition for her lack of poise, and apprehension at her due consequences. 'However, since it is your birthday, and you have been very good so far today, I am going to let you choose how you would like to be corrected and trained today. Miss Emily, would you prefer to be spanked, or tied up?'
Emily waited not an instant before fervently casting her vote for the latter, and Dave nodded knowingly, and began removing his necktie, indicating that I should do the same.
'I expected you would,' he said, turning to me. 'Sometimes all a girl needs to reset her behavior is a few sharp smacks on the behind, of course, but I try to be sparing with the pain when training Emily, though she has left me with no other option a few times—she seems to respond very well, however, to having it made inescapably clear that she has no choice in the matter; and restraining her for a while at the start of a lesson can help actually help her relax and submit fully to whatever she needs to being taught.'
I loosened my tie and pulled it from my collar, beckoning to Emily, who stood blushing as she twisted her lovely naked little body about and contemplated her fate.
'Come over here, Emily,' I said. 'Give me your wrists.'
She stepped forward and took her place in front of me with all the regal self-possession of a princess as she submitted to her remedial lesson, disappointing and embarrassing as it was to have committed such an egregious, ill-mannered faux pas in front of her mentor, and on her birthday of all days, and serenely crossed her hands one over the other, offering her delicate wrists to me like a good girl so I could bind her, her shining eyes begging me not to hurt her.
I crossed my necktie over and around her wrists with practiced ease, gazing into her wide jasper eyes as I cinched the soft silk securely to ensure she could not escape, and leaving a long tail on the knot as she quietly watched me work until Dave, standing close behind her, gently removed her glasses.
I held the tail of my tie close, keeping a firm rein on her bound hands and smiling reassuringly at her and soothingly petting her full breasts, which were squeezed together invitingly and bounteously between her arms, her aching nipples presented beautifully, until she fell into darkness as Dave deftly positioned the wide end of his tie over her eyes and tied it around her head, blindfolding her, and paying no heed to her whimpers of aroused contrition.
'Good girl,' he said lightly, leading her to the bed and helping her climb up on it and lay on her back; stretching her arms high over her head, he knotted the tail of my tie through a slat in the heavy oaken headboard.
We removed our belts and each took one of her legs, buckling her ankles into the leather straps and pulling her reluctant thighs wide apart as we secured our belts to the posts at either corner of the foot of the bed, and we took a moment to sip pleasantly on our scotch and survey our work.
Emily was beautiful as she lay, a mystical, captive triskelion unwillingly unfurled and stretched out like a rare and priceless specimen, pinioned and blindfolded, all her precious, secret mysteries now exposed and offered wholesale to us her captors, and all the peerless pleasures her body held now at our disposal, naked except for her heels and her pearls; her tummy rose and fell shallowly as she tried to calm herself and wait patiently for us to enjoy her body as we pleased, and her cunny, which had already made a smearing, slick mess all down her inner thighs, had wasted no time dripping a flow of fresh girl cum from her opening, soiling the luxurious bedding on which she had only been restrained a few minutes.
Dave climbed onto the bed next to her and bent down to kiss her; she moaned and reached for his lips, her neck straining as she begged for his reassurance, but he simply gave her a gentle peck on the lips and pulled away with a smile, his fingers tracing the delicate string of pearls that held her throat.
'You're securely restrained, Emily—you can't go anywhere or do anything to disrupt your lesson now,' he said calmly to her as I climbed onto the foot of the bed and made my way to her defenseless cunny, and Emily whimpered again. 'Mr. Stevenson is going to inspect your vagina now, and will probably want to lick you and nibble on you; I know this is a little embarrassing for you, but you there's nothing you can do now to prevent him. Take a deep breath...relax...Mr. Stevenson is very close between your legs now, and he's looking right at your vagina, sweet girl...and you are quite a mess down there...goodness' sake, your cunny has no shame, does it? It just wants to be touched and nuzzled and adored so badly all the time, doesn't it? Look at how much of your juices are leaking out of you just from being tied up and having Mr. Stevenson inspect your girl parts...'
Emily was uttering a nearly constant whine of overwrought arousal and shame, and she struggled and fought her bonds now, just as she struggled and fought against her native modesty and shyness in her difficult journey to become a truly good girl.
Dave had been right—her strong little body flexed and shook in her restraints, and while it was of course impossible for her to free herself, her toned, curvy little frame was a delight to watch as she was wracked by emotions and sensations that were still too much for her inexperienced body and mind to bear without her handlers taking such severe measures.
I leaned close to her vagina, and she shuddered and cried as she felt my warm breath caress her unguarded flower, the shivering sensation rippling out from her secret places simply another undeniable reminder that I was very close to her now, my eyes hungrily taking in every detail of her obscenely soaked genitals with the patience and thoroughness of an experienced eligible man who understands his right to drink deeply of the pleasures of any young girl's body, regardless of how she may feel about it.
There was no way for her to deny anything now; she was truly and simply a healthy, responsive, naked young female in a deep heat, and her body was taking over from her brain as it instinctively, shamelessly advertised its fertile, desirable nature and offered itself indiscriminately and desperately now to any full-testicled males in the vicinity.
She shuddered again, and one of her dark inner labia fell wetly open, another drop of her juices forming at her entrance and spilling down over her perineum as her cunny released a gentle pulse, and I reached between her legs and spread her lips, butterflying her pussy and softly dragging my finger up her soaking opening and across the slick little valley between her labia, bumping her clitoris with a couple inquisitive rubs from my fingertip as she cried out in pleasure and mortification.
Paying no heed to her cries, I grinned as I leaned down and repeated the journey with my tongue, lapping up her copious nectar with big, broad kitty licks and enjoying her frantic and powerless struggles as I tortured her with slow, thirsty sweeps across her swollen vulva, taking her extravagant lips in my teeth and tugging gently on them, and kissing her clitoris firmly and affectionately until she bucked and screamed in her bonds, begging, in yet another impertinent breach of her training, for us to please, please fuck her as the tiny golden bells of her anklet jingled with her body's futile attempts to escape the lesson Dave and I needed to teach it.
She was clearly highly-primed, but she was delicious, the sweet earthiness of her femininity melting limpidly on my palate, and so I took my time, unhurriedly exploring her vulva with my lips and dipping my tongue deep into her tiny entrance between long stretches of contentedly sucking on her clitoris until it grew firm and excruciatingly sensitive, poking its head eagerly into the light and offering itself to the warm bath of my tongue as the adorable blindfolded girl to which it was attached shook and cried in swelling waves of inescapable pleasure.
Dave was watching closely from beside her on the bed, but he didn't touch her; this part of her lesson was about getting her accustomed to men enjoying her vagina, specifically, and he didn't want to distract her from what was happening between her legs, despite how good it would feel to her—and how enjoyable it would be for him—to fondle her naked body and play with her breasts as I occupied myself with her cunny.
All her attention and focus needed to be on the shameful, drooling little hole into her body between her thighs, and what I was doing as I took my pleasure with it; nevertheless, the inexperienced girl trembled in her bonds, and thrills of goosebumps rippled across her electric skin as her body frantically and fruitlessly sought any contact, any caress, anywhere, from anyone.
'She's looking pretty ready,' Dave said thoughtfully, motioning me to move aside for him; as Emily's mentor, he took responsibility for monitoring her arousal and her young body's progression as it prepared itself for us to breed and inseminate her. 'Let's see how she's doing.'
He undid his trousers and pulled out his large penis, which was already hard, and climbed between her spread legs, carefully supporting himself to ensure he didn't touch any part of her body except her girl bits, and lowered his cock to her cunny.
He smacked her swollen clitoris a few times with the bulbous head of his penis, smiling as she arched and moaned, and then pressed himself smoothly, without warning, into her body, her abundant lubrication causing her vagina to offer little resistance to his length, and she screamed as she absorbed him, her entire body shaking and her tiny bells chiming in an endless shimmering carillon as he lodged himself deep within her with a second firm, workmanlike thrust, and took his rightful mentor's place comfortably inside his trainee's nubile little body.
He paused, admiring her beautiful naked form as she gasped and fought to handle his length, and he held still, closely observing her responses and using his sensitive shaft, which was finely attuned through long practice to sense and interpret every quiver and shuddering contraction of Emily's young cunny, to take a careful, intimate inventory of every inch of her vaginal canal as it squeezed and spasmed deliciously along his cock.
'Oh, this is nice,' he murmured to me, flexing his erection deep inside her and watching with satisfaction as Emily threw her blindfolded head back into the pillows, her beautiful mouth open in silent song, overcome by the masterly presence of her mentor's penis in her tight confines as her body was forced to give itself up fully to being used for its primary, copulatory purpose. 'My goodness, she feels really good today for some reason. I'm so glad you're going to get to enjoy this little dish, Stevenson...'
He gave her a couple slow, exploratory thrusts, and as her frantic cries quickly neared a tipping point and she approached orgasm, he smoothly pulled his length out of her body to disrupt her badly-needed climax, bending down to examine her now gaping vagina, coolly stretching her open with his fingers and poking dispassionately about in her drenched private parts so he could inspect her insides, as she fairly sobbed beneath her blindfold with frustrated arousal.
'Come look, Stevenson,' he beckoned, holding her open and inviting me to peer into her softly-pulsating depths, which he had just begun stretching and opening with his cock in preparation for her full fucking by both of us. 'She's in such a heat right now, you can see her juices are actually flowing and pooling inside her against the back wall of her vagina.'
She wailed again as I bent closer to examine her, and I couldn't resist reaching my finger gently into her captive entrance as Dave held her firmly open, and I dipped my fingertip delightedly in the surprisingly deep, shimmering little puddle of her juices that was forming inside her, gathering some of the sticky, slick fluid and rubbing it onto her clitoris, working her own lubrication deep into the folds and furrows of her hood as she travailed and moaned.
Dave released her cunny lips and gently rubbed her vulva with his hand, speaking in a low, masterful tone as he carefully trained his young charge.
'Emily, are you ready to be a good girl, and let Mr. Stevenson do whatever he thinks is best when he wants to enjoy your body? Are you ready to be a vessel for his pleasure?'
She nodded desperately, her breasts heaving with her ragged breath.
'Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Kendrick—I'll do anything, I promise sir—I'll be a good girl, pleeeease let me be a good girl, sir—Mr. Stevenson, sir, you can touch me or kiss me or lick me anywhere, you can do whatever you want with my body, sir—just please use me to make yourself feel good, sir, please...'
Dave smiled into her eyes as he removed her blindfold and Emily emerged blinking into the light again, her face the perfect picture of a beautiful young female caught in both the pitched throes of her heat and the capable, inescapable thrall of her handlers as they prepared her body to best fulfill their desires, and he kissed her tenderly and told her she was a good girl.
I unbuckled her ankles, kissing her feet as I freed them from the unyielding leather, and Dave loosed my tie from the headboard; he left Emily's wrists bound, however, observing that while she seemed repentant and willing to obey now, keeping her hands tied up for a little while longer in her lesson would be a helpful reminder for her to not forget herself again, and to be a good girl while we trained her.
The sweet girl scrambled shakily to her knees on the bed and watched eagerly, her bound hands clasped enchantedly under her chin, as Dave and I undressed.
She squealed a tiny squeal of delight as my cock sprang free from my trousers, hard and already dripping with glistening precum, and Dave and I climbed up and lay back on the bed on either side of her, stroking our sizable penises pleasurably as we surveyed the delicious naked girl we were about to enjoy.
Emily was suddenly like a kitten who'd been unexpectedly given two of her best-loved toys at once, and she fluttered in a tizzy between us, wrapping her bound hands lovingly around our cocks and sucking and licking in an adorable frenzy, kissing us sweetly and running her fingers and soft lips down our broad chests and shoulders, and over our abs and down through our treasure trails back again to her favorite playthings, before catching a glimpse in the corner of her eye of the other hard cock next to her, and dashing away with an exclamation to tend to it and its owner.
'Okay, sweet girl, take a breath,' Dave chuckled. 'There's no rush—this will be a long lesson, and you'll be busy for a while. Why don't you take good care of Mr. Stevenson for a few minutes, and show him how good you're getting at using your mouth?'
'Oh, yes, sir—yes, please, sir,' Emily said, as I put my arm around her and pulled her close, nestling her next to me as she curled up and took my cock gently in her hands and put it in her obedient mouth, stretching wide in her attempts to fit its girth between her lips.
She was clearly well-trained, and her skills were exceptional for her age, but it was obvious that she also possessed a true, personal love for caring for penises, and I noted to Dave, with a deeply satisfied groan, that the sheer exultation and ardor she was displaying were priceless qualities that couldn't be trained into a girl.
He grinned with pride as he watched his trainee work, softly riffling his fingers through her cunny lips to let her know she was being a very good girl, as she blushed.
'That's the honest truth,' he said softly, nodding in approval as Emily, unprompted, shifted her angle slightly so she could cradle my full testicles in her bound hands and gently massage them with her thumbs, urging them to release as much seminal fluid as possible for her eventual insemination, and singing sweetly to them with quiet little hums as she avidly worked more and more of my length into her throat. 'As soon as I met her, I knew she was a little thoroughbred—she's got tremendous heart and intelligence, a strong instinct to please, and great genes; she just needed some careful training and guidance to help her blossom into the exceptional little filly she's becoming, and was made to be.'
I lay back with a deep sigh, feeling my balls growing heavier and tighter in Emily's soft hands, and gently stroked her cheek as she suckled on me, and Dave rose to his knees, affectionately petting her smooth flanks and repositioning her muscular thighs on the bedspread to open her nethers for him.
'But speaking of pure talent and genetics...' he said, climbing between her thighs and taking her round butt cheeks firmly and appreciatively in his big hands. '...Jennifer—my goodness, your daughter is turning out just incredible. She was so good when I trained her at the father-daughter party, and her blowjobs are wild. I was planning on finishing in her beautiful vagina, but Martin was hogging it.'
We both laughed as we recalled that fun afternoon, and Dave brought his cock to Emily's opening, rubbing the head up and down her slit between her full, sticky labia as she whimpered and meweled.
'But then you and I both used that adorable little Abigail from out of town, remember?' He chuckled. 'I mean, they obviously don't give first place at the Festival for nothing, but Stevenson, your daughter is genuinely a world-class girl.'
Emily flushed a bright pink as her mentor praised my daughter in front of her for her excellence in her sexual duties, and she learned for the first time that I was the father of a Festival champion, who doubtless had high standards for the girls he trained, and she redoubled her efforts to please me, and make a good impression for her mentor.
She didn't have much time to dwell on her insecurities, however, as Dave, holding her hips securely, pressed his cock home into her and began slowly fucking her.
The simple act of being fucked was still a very new and intense thing for Emily, and her inexperience was clear as she closed her eyes and threw her head back, her mouth withdrawing from my penis and opening in a silent flood of sensation, her bound hands slipping from their assignment at my testicles and clutching blindly, like a kneading cat, at the bedspread and my thigh as Dave worked his length into her.
As soon as her mouth left my penis, however, a long, shimmering strand of her saliva stretching from her panting tongue to my full, sculpted glans, Dave pulled his cock from her body, and she cried out in frustrated confusion.
'When you are serving two men, Miss Emily,' Dave said, reaching forward and turning her head to look at him with a hand on her slobbery chin, 'Your vagina and your anus are not important for you to worry about—they'll be used and enjoyed by your handlers as they see fit. Your hands and your mouth, however, are your responsibility—you must always work to give pleasure to any penis that is not currently in your cunny or your butt; even if you're being fucked, and even if you're cumming, you must strive to continue doing your best work tending to the other penises in the room, and never stop until you're given permission, do you understand? Now let's try that again.'
She apologized to me for being so easily distracted from her duties, and Dave instructed her to continue, re-entering her and encouraging her to stay focused as he gradually picked up the pace, probing her cunny deeply with firm strokes; and though her whimpers and whines grew louder and more insistent, the delightful creature gamely did her best to continue the tender, sweet blowjob she had been giving me, struggling to act as if it were her only care in the world as her mentor vigorously tested her mental and vaginal fortitude.
After a bit Dave withdrew from her trembling body, breathing heavily as he slowed himself down, and we praised her and told her she was such a good girl as she looked at us beaming, her cheeks flushed and her eyes welling with the intensity of her lesson, the effort of her eager ministrations to my cock, and her pride at serving two eligible men for the first time in her young life; and she was radiant.
Dave smiled and pushed her butt over to me.
'Want a turn, Stevenson? She's all yours, brother.'
I decided to let Emily accustom herself to my size on her own, and I scooted down on the bed, grasping her by the waist and guiding her to climb atop me.
She eagerly complied, lifting her leg and straddling my hips on her knees, her hands caressing my erection and pulling it hungrily to her sopping entrance as she prepared herself gleefully to be penetrated by a second penis in one lesson for the first time in her life.
'Wait, Miss Emily,' I said, as she looked to me for instruction. 'First can you spread your pussy for me like a good girl?'
She blushed a bright pink, but was over the hump of her initial reluctance now, and happy for a chance to redeem her earlier mid-step, and she obediently reached her hands between her legs.
I took hold of the tail of my tie and lifted it aside so I could clearly see as she grasped her cunny lips and spread them wide for me, willingly showing me every detail of her intimate parts and letting me admire her lush young vagina.
'Oh, you are such a good girl,' I murmured as she presented herself generously to me, holding nothing back now as she offered her entire body to me for my pleasure with a plaintive whimper. 'Now I want you to take your beautiful labia in your fingers and use them to gently rub your juices about the head of my penis, and if you do a good job I'll put it inside you—can you do that?'
She moaned again as a fresh flush of warmth saturated her privates with its wet urgency, and as I held my cock pointing straight up between her legs, she gingerly took her velvety lips between her fingertips and worked them carefully around the crown and tip of my cock like a pair of wonderfully soft, slick pink tongues until it glistened and shone beneath a thick coating of her cream mixed with my precum, as I groaned again and luxuriated in the sensation of her assiduous labors and her precious cunny lips.
Instructing her not to stop, I guided her hips lower and slowly pressed my length into her as she continued massaging each inch of my pulsating shaft with her labia as it entered her, until I was most of the way inside her body.
'Good girl,' I said, quietly impressed, as Dave nodded in agreement. She was tremendously tight and warm, and I relished the intimate feelings of her young internal muscles as they tightened and flexed involuntarily at the unforgiving size of the penis that had just invaded their sacred environs. 'Now just go ahead and get all of me inside you, so I can fuck you properly, okay sweet thing?'
She gasped and bit her lower lip as she pushed herself down onto me, my length and girth challenging her inexperienced insides, but she refused to quit and, aided by her copious, still-streaming girl-cum, she finally made it to the bottom, her clitoris nestled deep in my dark pubic hair against the thick base of my penis and a look of exultation and pride on her face.
'Oh my gosh...Mr. Stevenson, you're stretching me...so deep...sir...' She fumbled with her words as she began gently rocking her hips against me, exploring how much she could move against the unprecedented fullness her young vagina was struggling to handle.
'Does that feel good, sweet thing?' I smiled as she found her rhythm and began riding me with bigger and bigger bounces, a long wailing cry coming from her throat as she became caught up in the deeply satisfying reach of my cock.
'Emily, Mr. Stevenson asked you a question,' Dave said severely, causing Emily to utter a desperate, ragged moan. 'Don't forget your manners, young lady.'
'Aaaaaaah—Mr. Stevenson—yes sir—it feels so—so good, sir!'
I was enchanted watching the sweet girl pleasure herself on me, the ardent flush of her cheeks traveling down now and enriching the white softness of her full bosoms, which bounced and swung beautifully as she tried to fuck every last centimeter of her insides with my penis and work herself to orgasm; I reached to take one of her heavy, dark nipples in my mouth, but Emily was losing herself in her frenzy, and her nipples were now charming moving targets that danced and sprang lightly away from my lips as they rode the crests of her heavy breasts.
Dave saw what was happening, and swiftly moved in to help. Loosing her hands from my tie, he brought her wrists behind her back and pinned them there with one of his large hands, guiding her breasts into a good position for my enjoyment.
'There you go, Stevenson—now you should be able to take full advantage of our unruly girl's breasts. And while you enjoy yourself, I'll start preparing her bottom for our cocks.'
Thanking him for his assistance, I took a firm hold of her upper arms so she couldn't move or struggle while Dave secured her wrists, and I brought her succulent nipples to my mouth, sucking and nibbling and tugging on each of them with my teeth as Dave and I held her fast; and as I fucked her cunny deep and hard, and she screamed and begged and moaned incoherently on my hard penis while we held her securely in our inescapable grasp, Dave used his other hand to play with her anus, pressing his fingers into her and chuckling as she bucked and tossed and clenched down on his fingers and my cock.
'She's really good at letting men use her butt,' Dave said with satisfaction in his voice, his index and middle fingers buried in his trainee's anus, over her overwrought cries as I fucked her. 'Emily, I think it's time for you to take two penises inside you now, sweet girl.'
Emily could hardly move now, and could only give a low, sobbing moan as she realized the moment had come for her to truly become the best girl she ever been, and let two men please themselves with her lovely body as they saw fit; nevertheless Dave, in his vast experience training young girls, still kept her wrists firmly in his grip behind her back as he slowly straddled my legs and ran his other hand calmingly down her back and haunches, helping to center and soothe her as he prepared to take her butt.
I released her nipple from my mouth with a delightful pop, and pulled her down to lie on my chest, holding her close and tightly so Dave could enter her as my cock throbbed deep inside her pussy.
We could tell she was instinctively tightening up as she contemplated her impending double penetration, and I turned her head and began kissing her deeply, letting her relax and open up again for me as she gave me her sweet lips.
'That's such a good girl,' I whispered to her, smiling into her shining eyes as I slowly pumped my cock in and out of her cunny and she moaned again. 'I want you to keep kissing me just like that, sweet and gentle, as Mr. Kendrick puts his penis in your bottom. I'm going to keep holding you nice and tight like this so you can't struggle or get away while we both fuck you, precious girl.'
I felt her melt into me, yielding her body to us fully and without reserve as she embraced her natural purpose and became a shining, beautiful creature who existed solely for our pleasure, and who was only more fulfilled with every drop of primal enjoyment we could harvest from her fertile, tender young body.
I explored her lips and tongue with mine, drinking deeply of the precious girl as Dave pressed his cock into her bottom, and with a few gentle thrusts he made most of his depth, and together we began working Emily's beautiful body between our muscular frames, her sweet song of pleasure filling the room as we began driving deeply into her, testing the very limits of her delicate girl bits and going nearly mad with her delectable shudders and trembles in our strong hands as we made ourselves at home inside the sweet creature for the afternoon.
Dave wanted a turn, and leaned over her, taking her jaw in his hand and turning her head around so he could kiss her as he explored the deepest reaches of her butt, and she whimpered softly into her mentor's lips as he thrust powerfully and deeply into her, her entire little body wracked with spasms and shudders that felt wonderful as I continued to slowly fuck her vagina, my hands gripping her firm buttocks and spreading them wide to ensure both Dave and I could penetrate into her furthest depths.
After a bit Dave indicated he was ready to change, and since I needed a break to cool down anyways, I gladly allowed him to pull Emily off of me, my penis springing free from her tight, drenched vagina with a wet pop as she gasped, his cock still buried in her anus, and continue fucking her on the bed while I got a drink of water.
I watched pleasantly while he worked her over, switching from her butt to her vagina after a few minutes and holding her tightly as he lay beside her and had his way with her pussy as her cries and moans became ever louder, and soon I climbed back up on the bed, kneeling by her head and instructing her to take care of my penis with her mouth while Dave enjoyed her cunny, and I closed my eyes and growled in pleasure as the dazed girl tried her best to suckle obediently on my erection in the midst of her mentor's penetrating lessons.
The energy changed in the room as both Dave and I approached orgasm, and he rutted her more fiercely and pawed more roughly at his devoted, diligent trainee's naked body as his climax grew close and he instinctively sought to bury his length as deeply inside her as possible before his ejaculation.
He pulled her on top of himself in a reverse cowgirl, ordering her to put his penis in her butt again, and Emily complied shakily, her beautiful face a picture of well-fucked and pliant girlhood as she lowered her little anus down onto his thick cock and he resumed driving into her, her now empty and drooling cunny offered openly to anyone who might desire to fill its aching void, and her plaintive cries a compelling mating call as her body sought to keep itself filled with the hard penises of eligible men.
Dave pulled her back onto his torso, nestling her head against his chest, and took her by the wrists, spreading her arms and pinning them against the bed as he offered her beautiful body to me.
'Here you go, Stevenson,' he growled with a chuckle, nuzzling her neck and causing her to whimper as his mustache tickled her shoulders and he pumped slowly in and out of her bottom. 'She's feeling just delightful right now. Get your cock back in her and help me fuck her.'
I gladly positioned myself over her between her spread thighs, my hands on her soft, defenseless breasts as I kissed her nipples and pushed her down against Dave's strong body, and I lowered myself, entering her from above and drilling deep into her tight cunny, gently but firmly forcing her insides to make room for both Dave's large cock and mine, and she screamed out again as I buried myself in her warmth and began to match her mentor's irresistible thrusts.
She was so beautiful now, her mascara streaked and her ponytail falling loose, and I raised her head with my hand and kissed her deeply, reveling in her sweet, creamy insides as my penis churned them slowly and powerfully.
'Is Mr. Stevenson doing a good job training you, Emily?' Dave asked, his throat tight as his trainee moaned.
'Yes, sir...ohhhh my gosh...he's training me so well, sir...ohhhh...' She gasped in between my thrusts, her eyes closed in bliss and her head tossed back as she gave herself to us.
'And what's one of the best ways for a good girl to say 'thank you' when a man trains her well, Emily?'
It was a moment before the sweet creature could formulate her words as she struggled mightily to retain her presence of mind and be a good trainee for her mentor, and not lose herself completely in the incredible new sensations and emotions that gripped her body and mind as inescapably as the strong hands of the two eligible men who were pleasuring themselves with her most delicate and tender of places, and her voice squeaked and broke as she whispered her dutiful reply.
'...ohhh, ohhh, ohhh...by having...an...orgasm for him...Mr. Kendriiiiick...'
'That's right, sweet thing. I want you to open your eyes now, look at Mr. Stevenson like a well-mannered young lady, and have an orgasm for him while he keeps fucking your cunny, so he can see how delightful it feels when your vagina cums on his penis, and I want you to thank him politely for taking time out of his day to train you for as long as your orgasm lasts—can you say 'yes, sir?''
The gentle girl had barely opened her eyes and looked at me, her face completely overcome by her lesson, and whimpered out her first, '...thank you for training...me...Mr. Stevenson...' when she was rocked by a powerful climax, and screamed out as she began shaking uncontrollably, her young vagina contracting even more tightly around my cock and her inner muscles attempting to milk every drop of my cum from my body.
As Dave and I tightened our hold on her delicious, shuddering little body and continued to deliver deep, vigorous thrusts to her most personal bits, he tersely reminded her between gritted teeth to continue expressing her gratitude to me even as she was shattered by her body's natural response to being fully used for its natural purpose, and she alternated desperately between gasping and wailing her obedient response, forcing herself with admirable, hard-fought poise to stare deeply into my approving, ravenous eyes as her body rode out its powerful tempest of ancient girlish pleasure in my big, warm hands.
'...Thank you...Mr. Stevenson...ohhh my gosh...thank you, thank you, thank you thank you, sir, thank you, sir...thank you....ohhhh...thank you Mr. Stevensonnnnn...'
Dave and I both unleashed ourselves into her, cursing and bellowing mightily, at almost the same time, and sweet Emily screamed out again, singing our names and crying out for her daddy as she felt our cocks drive deep inside her and begin pumping in unison, filling her orgasming little body to the brim with our cum until it ran in creamy rivulets from her vagina and anus, trickling down over Dave's scrotum and drenching his balls as we emptied ourselves together into his earnest, obedient trainee.
My cock was still semi-hard, and as I slowly came back to earth after my outrageously massive orgasm, I gently worked my heavy length about in Emily's dripping cunny, savoring the slick slip and slide of my sensitive shaft in the heady blend of her girl-cum and my semen, and I kissed her again as she lay, completely spent, in a daze across Dave's chest.
'Oh my gosh, Miss Emily, you are such...a good...girl...' I whispered, tracing my lips down her throat and sucking gently on her full nipples as a few final, languorous spasms of orgasm pumped the last of my seminal load into the sweet girl's happy cunny.
We took a little break and let Emily drink some water and recover a little from her first experience being bred by two men at the same time.
She was dazed and ecstatic and extremely proud of herself, and we cuddled on the bed, kissing her and caressing her and discussing how she'd performed, noting what she did well and what areas she could stand to work on in future lessons where she served multiple men, and she snuggled up to each of us and begged us just to enjoy her body in any way we wanted, and thanked Dave again, a little tear in her mascara-streaked eye, for being such an incredible mentor to her.
Dave and I both spent the rest of the afternoon enjoying Emily's charming little body in a variety of ways. She excitedly told him about some tips another trainer had taught her last week to help control her naturally finicky gag reflex, and he instructed her to demonstrate for him.
She rolled eagerly onto her back, her head near the edge of the mattress, her shapely legs splayed akimbo, and Dave stood next to the bed and allowed her to take his cock in her mouth; the combination of her throat angle and the breathing techniques she'd learned helped her take far more of his length than she'd been comfortably able to until now, and Dave exclaimed in delight, caressing her cheek approvingly, as his trainee managed to fit nearly his entire cock deep in her delicate throat.
He began fucking her mouth slowly, carefully testing her ability to maintain her composure and control in her new skill, and I grew hard again watching her fit, naked little body stretch and flex luxuriously on the fine linen in the late afternoon sunlight as her mentor probed her delicate esophagus with his sizable penis.
She struggled to relax and remain open to his explorations, and it was beautiful to see how she trusted him completely and knew that though he was challenging her body's limits, pushing her to the brink of her mental and physical abilities and carefully monitoring her responses, everything he did was to help her become an even better and more desirable young girl, even when it sometimes made her choke and sputter.
I climbed carefully between her heedlessly spread thighs and pressed myself back inside her cunny, groaning softly as her receptive, hospitable young insides enveloped my cock again and asked sweetly for more of my semen.
I pulled her leg against my chest so I could work more deeply into her delicious vagina, reveling in the sculpted lines of her calf and the delicate chorus of her manicured toes in her white heel as I kissed the string of pearls that encircled her slender ankle, her tiny golden bells chiming sweetly as I fucked her gently so as not to disrupt the important skills her mentor was having her practice on his penis.
She gave a muffled moan on his cock as I began to softly rub her sensitive clitoris, tugging lightly on it and stroking it gently with my fingertips in time with my thrusts, her cunny contracting wonderfully on my thick shaft, but she didn't miss a beat as she remained focused on her training duties with Dave, admirably continuing her oral practice on her mentor's penis with all the attention to detail of a much more advanced trainee, while freely, generously letting me enjoy her vagina to my heart's content as she knew was only right, and her proper responsibility as a girl.
Dave was clearly extremely pleased with her, and I saw his testicles tightening as he felt his orgasm approach; he held her head down to the bed with a firm hand and worked his penis impressively deep into her until the bulge of his large glans was visible beneath the soft skin of her throat, and Emily froze, fighting to remain pliant and receptive as she yielded herself completely to her trainer.
'Sweet girl, this very good work,' Dave said quietly with a smile, gently tracing the outline of his cock where it swelled in her throat beneath her exquisite jawline, as she breathed shallow, whimpering breaths and her wide eyes welled with her effort to be the best student she could for him. 'I'm going to cum now, because you've been such a good girl...sweet thing...oh, fuck, baby girl...that's it, take it all for me sweetheart...'
His face tore open in glorious, exultant pleasure as he held perfectly still, buried to the hilt in Emily's throat, and began blasting powerful streams of semen straight down her gullet, and I smiled in delight as I watched while I continued gently fucking the obedient girl.
A girl like Emily lived for her trainers' approval, and she knew there was no greater sign that Dave was pleased with her than his orgasms. When she'd first submitted to his mentorship, he had carefully explained to her that he only liked good girls, and that he'd never give his precious cum to a bad girl, and nothing made her feel happier and prouder than feeling his semen shooting from his strong penis into, or onto, any part of her; and even though he'd decided now to empty himself far down her throat without allowing her eager tongue to taste him, she was still filled with a delicious, fuzzy sense of his caring approbation as she swallowed thirstily and felt his warm, approving cum sliding safely down her throat and into her belly, and I rubbed and caressed her soft tummy as she swallowed him down and I soaked my full cock deep inside her cunny and admired her willing, earnest spirit as she gave herself completely to Dave and me.
Dave's orgasm into the beautiful girl pushed me closer to mine, and I began driving harder into Emily's pussy, the wet rhythm of my heavy strokes as I bottomed out in her already well-fucked vagina making the sweetest music imaginable as I played with her breasts and sucked hungrily on her nipples, and she harmonized with her pleading, begging moans in a timeless, shining aria.
'Please...Mr. Stevenson...' she whispered, 'Can I show you something?'
I laughed, trying to decide how urgent my orgasm was and whether I wanted to listen to her or simply fuck her until I came; I decided on the former, however, and I slowed my thrusts, simmering deliciously in my pitch of arousal, as she rolled over onto her tummy with a giggle.
Dave was still standing at her head, brushing her hair with his fingers and caressing her cheek, and she lay out on her belly now, her face glowing with her day's experiences, her legs sprawled scandalously behind her and her perfect bottom open and offered freely for anyone's enjoyment, in a perfect, adorable recreation of Boucher's odalisque as she shyly kissed her mentor's softening cock and gave me a flirtatious sidelong glance, hoping I would pick up her reference.
I did, of course, and I nearly lost myself as I beheld her in her comfortable, delighted nudity, freshly trained with cum dripping from every opening of her tender body, happily vibrating in her own creamy goodness, and available and welcoming to any male who might wish to enjoy her next.
I grinned delightedly, and moved close to her, trailing my fingers between her butt cheeks into the drenched treasures that lay in their sacred cleft just as I'd said I would if the painting had come to life, and leaned down and kissed her sweetly before mounting her thighs and entering her again.
I went to another place as I held her down on the bed with a firm hand between her shoulders and let myself bask in her soft warmth; despite all the work her vagina had already done today, I still somehow found another fraction of an inch of depth that drove her cervix further into her than she'd so far felt, and she cried out as her clenching fingers grappled with the bedclothes and she buried her face in the sheets as I delighted myself with her body.
'Sweet girl,' I growled as I pressed her into the mattress with my body weight, glorying in the tight squeeze of her vagina around the thick base of my cock as she squeaked and gasped, 'I'm going to cum in your mouth, alright? Mr. Kendrick told me that you can orgasm just by having a man's semen in your mouth—is that true?'
Emily cried out into the bed, her voice muffled.
'...Sometimes...sir...aaaahhh...ohhh...pleasepleaseplease PLEASE cum in my mouth...Mr. Stevenson...'
I pulled myself roughly from her body, my orgasm rising up like a tidal wave and causing the skin of my neck to prickle as I felt my impending release swell irresistibly, and leapt around to the front of the overcome girl.
Emily was in a daze, sprawled nearly senseless on the bed, and without hesitation I took her gently but firmly by the throat and helped hoist her shakily to her knees, her eyes immediately wide and full of surrender as she felt herself being expertly handled and guided to fulfill her purpose despite her body's overwrought state.
She opened her mouth wide, her eyes expectant and pleading, and waited for my cock.
Still holding her by the throat, I instructed her to stick out her tongue for me, and to hold still, and as she complied I was swept by another immense orgasm as pulse after pulse of thick semen was forced through my long shaft and shot into Emily's sweet mouth.
'Hold my cum in your mouth, sweet girl,' I commanded breathlessly, my grip on her throat tightening perhaps a little too much as I was blasted by my own body's exuberant delight at inseminating her. 'That's a good girl...taste it, think about the flavor of my semen...no, stay up on your knees; I don't want you rubbing your vagina on the sheets...think about my sperm swimming around on your tongue right now, Emily...all my millions of little sperm, that I just gave you...there you go, don't swallow it, keep holding my seed in your mouth as you cum, sweet girl...that's it, let yourself go and just cum as hard as you can, sweet thing...you're such a good girl...you're doing to very good...you're so beautiful when you cum, baby girl...keep looking at me...'
Her eyes grew wide and she choked and sputtered a bit as her orgasm rocked her and she did her best to keep the shimmering pool of my cum in her open mouth so I could see it as she orgasmed, her little body shaking and trembling so intensely that at times my hand on her throat was the only thing keeping her on her knees as she flailed and struggled and whimpered in a deeply moving, exquisite demonstration of a healthy, well-trained young girl's climax.
As she shuddered to a halt, still trembling, I leaned down and kissed her on the forehead.
'Such a good girl, Miss Emily...' I whispered with a gentle smile as she beamed in her afterglow. '...Now you may swallow my cum, precious girl...'
We cuddled and played and trained Emily some more, and relaxed and chatted and fucked her, until the hour grew late and it was time for me to get home to my wife and daughters.
I reluctantly dressed as Emily lolled on the bed and watched me disappointedly. I pulled up my trousers, my cock hanging heavily outside my fly, and before I could tuck it away she asked, with a shimmer in her eyes, if she could kiss it goodbye and thank it for training her so well today, and for helping to teach her to please two penises at once.
I chuckled and obliged, of course, stepping to the bed and allowing her to crawl over on her tummy and say goodbye to my penis, nuzzling and kissing and sucking sweetly on it.
I thought I was completely spent, but to my surprise her tender, sweet farewell caused my cock to rear once more to life, to Emily's delight, and I was suddenly filled with a final, bestial surge of desire for her little body.
Spinning her around on the bed, I grabbed her hips and pulled her back onto my cock, seating her deeply onto me and driving as deep as I could as she cried out again and again, one last time, into her precious cunny, and gave her unresisting little vagina a dozen or so hard, desperate thrusts until a third orgasm was ripped from my body and I nearly collapsed onto the motionless, trembling naked girl.
Slowly finding my feet again, I pulled my cock from her body, a thick glob of my cum falling from her well-used entrance and a whispered gasp rising from her exhausted lips, and I kissed her shoulders and back and bottom as I finished dressing.
'Happy birthday, dear Miss Emily,' I whispered to her before giving a little salute to Dave and walking through the hotel room door.
Just before closing it behind me, I looked back one last time to see Dave, smiling tenderly, gather the prone, limp little body of his excellent trainee in his big arms with a soft kiss, and scoop her under the warm covers with him, pulling her close and cuddling her tight.
FIN