I woke up when the sun's rays hit my eyes. It was quarter to 8 o'clock. The sunrise was much earlier, but the curtain was not closed properly, and that was the moment the sun's rays hit my eyes.
My morning wood required attention. The three options were - Go pee and hope this will help, masturbate in the bathroom, or... sexercise with Megan. I brushed my teeth and peed, but my erection did not budge. I went back to the room and stared at Megan. The temperature was higher than usual during the night, and she tossed the blanket to the side. Her short nighty was loose and ended on her chest. Her tummy and lower parts were exposed. She was sleeping on her side, facing me.
She looked vulnerable and... oh so sexy! My eyes explored her lower body, and my woody got harder! Suddenly, she turned on her back, and her legs parted slightly. It gave me an excellent visual of her exposed cunt! The clit was barely seen, and her external labia were beautiful and tempting. I stood before her spread legs, having a free display of a perfect woman's genitalia. As I was ogling it, Megan's legs separated further, and her hand trailed down her body toward her pussy.
I was mesmerized. Was she having an erotic dream and about to masturbate? Her hand reached the vagina, and her fingers rubbed lightly the clit area. She moaned and subsequently inserted two fingers into her cunt. Sloshing sounds confirmed her arousal. Unfortunately, my cock was also impressed and rose further. Instinctively my palm enveloped my cock, and I began slow bobbing.
I did it for ten seconds before she opened her eyes, looked straight at me, and smiled, "Joe, you were very nice to me last night, and I wanted to reward you for it. My choice was to give you a show this morning. I noticed your unruly stiff pecker as you moved out of bed. You went to the bathroom, and I wondered if you'd take care of it there. When you came back with a hard-on, I knew what to do. I pretended to be asleep with my lower body uncovered and having a sexy dream. My plan was not just to play with myself but to mumble your name as if I fantasized about you. However, when you began masturbating, it meant you'd waste your sexual energy the wrong way... You'd orgasm without letting ME on your fun. It was unacceptable. I am too horny to let you play solo, so I 'woke up."
I gazed at my younger sister with a combination of disgust and admiration. The b...h tricked me! But she did it so well!...
"Joe, in case you are wondering, I am still waiting for you to fuck me."
I jumped into bed, "Sister, you like to provoke me, don't you?"
She smirked, "Of course! You are so nice; it is a pleasure to poke fun at you occasionally. But tell me the truth, knowing you may use my body for any deviant act you wish makes it easier to accept, isn't it?..."
I stared at her, "Megan, are you a witch or a bitch?"
She grinned, "A little bit of both, I guess."
"In that case, I'll treat you like one." I lifted her light-weight body and placed her on her knees and elbows, "Girl, a horny bitch needs to be fucked like one!" I knelt behind her and, without any foreplay, shoved my fully extended cock deep inside her pussy. She groaned once but didn't move.
I growled, "Megan, I like to pound your cunt to a nice beat. I'll do it my way." And then I smacked her right tushie hard. She gasped. I continued drilling her, using both my palms to strike her buns one after the other to the rhythm of Cha-Cha...
Initially, Megan grimaced and tried to move forward, but I pulled her back and continued ramming into her pussy, while my palms used her ass cheeks like drums. Minutes later, I noticed her trying to escape changed to countering my pounding, and she began moaning. I intensified the spanking. She moaned louder, and pushed her butt into me every time I shoved my prick into her.
Without warning, her body collapsed on the mattress, and started shuddering. She was whimpering continuously. I lay on her back and maintained my rhythm, bumping into her raw butt cheeks every two seconds. Hearing the wild sounds of her massive climax triggered my own, and I erupted deep in her vagina, flooding it with my spunk.
I slowed down gradually and then pulled out. Droplets of my goo began trickling down on the sheet. I whispered, "Girl, you better go to the bathroom and clean yourself, or I'll make you lick the residue from the bed!"
She winked at me, "You wouldn't do it to your loving sister, would you?"
"I count to three, and if you are not in the bathroom yet, prepare your tongue - One... twooo... threeeee!"
I lifted her body, turned her around, and placed her face above the stain. I put my hand on her head and pushed it down into the stain, "Lick it bitch!"
With her face touching the stain, she mumbled, "You are not fair. You have no respect for your loving sister..."
"You are wrong, my dear. You need some training before you're ready to be loved. Like Shakespeare's 'Taming the Shrew,' you must learn your place. Capisce?"
"Yes, Master." She caressed her red ass cheeks, "You hurt me! It was the sweetest torture I have ever experienced! I think my short memory will fail me soon, and I may screw up again. Sir, I'll probably need another hurtful orgasm; I meant a reminder of who's the boss..."
I forced Megan to lick the stain, and only when the whitish oily stain was clean did I free her head, "Megan, go take a short shower. We'll find a breakfast place on the way to the park. Once we are there, if your rear still hurts, you can eat standing up, watching me sitting, and eating the food like normal people do."
She stood up and faked, complaining, "Joe, I hate you. You are stronger and have no respect for an innocent woman. Be ashamed of yourself! I'll tell Mom that you spanked me to have the best climax of my life. I am sure she'll ground you for a week!"
"Megan, shower before my right palm gets the urge to meet your butt again!"
She stayed in the bathroom for forty minutes and smiled at me when she exited, "I filled the tub with hot water and tried to lay in it, but it burned my cheeks. I had to use warm water instead."
"Good. Next time you listen!"
We found a small breakfast place, and had toast, over-easy eggs with bacon, orange juice, and coffee. The meal was perfect. Megan tried to sit comfortably but had to change her position every minute or so...
We drove north to Jedediah Smith Redwood State Park and stopped at the beginning of Stout Grove trail. It was flat and seemed cleaner than the trail we took the day before. The trees were tall and somewhat grayish rather than red. Megan looked like a little toddler between the giant trees. She insisted I take her pictures, hugging 1/8 of a huge tree, kissing the reddish/grayish bark, and laying down on a patch of wild grass.
We arrived at a shady hidden place, and she removed her clothes, "The pictures you took yesterday were fantastic. I know I look good, but your photos made me look much better. Please tell me how you want me to pose for you."
She looked terrific in every pose, so I didn't have to improvise too much. Once, I made her sit on a small fallen tree and spread her legs for me. I shot a close-up of her exposed cunt and then showed her, "From now on, you'll be extra nice to me, or I'll show Mom this picture!"
She laughed, "Mom knows me too well. By now, she got the idea that her two adult children make the best of their freedom, having the time of their lives, including going through the Kama Sutra page by page..."
I learned slowly - Megan was my LITTLE sister, but she was shameless... She also offered to take my pictures in the nude but I declined.
We had enough after two hours among the trees and returned to our room. Megan told me it was time to see another attraction, "Joe, I saw many giant trees, and my neck hurts from looking up so many times. Let's find a nice beach and have a cake."
I looked at her quizzingly.
She grinned, "You never heard the song 'Cake by the Ocean?'
"No..."
I checked online. Trinidad State Beach was the closest sandy beach. Megan went to the bathroom while I put on my Speedo. She came out wearing a short robe.
We drove for 15 minutes and arrived at our destination. The beach was fantastic - A lot of warm sand, some nice rocks, and only 20 people, most suntan. We found a shady area and put our bags on the sand. Megan removed her robe, and I gasped. She had on the tiniest bikini I've ever seen. The bottom part was a tiny thong, and the upper one had two minuscule patches that barely covered her nipples.
I gave her a stern look, and she smiled innocently, "What's your problem? I like this swimsuit; with it, I can get a more homogeneous tan..."
I smirked, "If you remove the microscopic pieces of cloth you wear, you get even a better tan."
"Joe, I would have done it if we were on a clothing-optional beach. Do you think I have certain parts I need to hide due to malformation or ugliness?..."
"Dear, the opposite is true. Nobody can take his eyes off you. Every man on the beach will get distracted, and most will develop bulges in their swimsuits..."
She chortled, "Is it a bad thing? If they ogle and react to my body, I can enjoy theirs too..."
"Megan, you are terrible!"
"Joe, let's stroll on the warm sand and look for nice shells. And later, we can explore the tidepools."
We started walking. Before, staying behind her in the forest, I thought her walk was sexy. Now she seemed to sway, or even sashay... Obviously, she intended to excite every person with testosterone in his body. And it worked. All eyes were on her gliding body as we were passing by.
We didn't find unusual shells. If at some time there were any, other people took them already. The tidepools were pretty, and the water very warm. Tiny fish swam in the largest one.
"Joe, I am too hot. Let's get in the water."
"Sorry, not a good idea. The water is too cold, and dangerous surf is another issue. If you want to swim, we can look for a swimming pool in a hotel nearby. An alternative is going north to College Cove Beach. Over there, the water is still cold but safer."
Megan gave up. She lay down on her tummy and asked me to put suntan lotion on her back. I did it. Her skin was smooth and hot. She really needed it, probably earlier. As I was doing it, I peeked around me and noticed every eye within a 50 feet radius was focused on us. I finished doing her neck, shoulders, back, and legs and wondered if Megan was in the mood to tease every man even further...
After I was done, I sat by her, but she commented, "Big brother, you are not done yet. The sun may burn my front, too. I'll turn around, and you can do my front."
"Megan, you are very cruel, and you know it. Every man who saw you on the beach already sports a tent in his swimsuit. Teasing them further is torture."
She looked into my eyes, "Joe, each man will envy you. Wouldn't you want it?"
"Megan, grow up, please."
She laughed.
An hour later, we were back in the Golden Eagle rental place.
...
The following day was partly sunny and cooler. The predicted maximal temperature was 62, according to the weather channel. It was not sunny or warm enough for the beach, and Megan seemed less enthusiastic about returning to Redwood Park.
I checked online what Eureka had to offer since it was only half an hour's drive from our lodging place.
"Megan, would you like to go to Eureka? It's by the water and has a good restaurant & alcohol place. They have a golf course nearby. This will be my first time playing it, but if you are interested, we can try, assuming the course is available. All the needed equipment can be rented there."
"I haven't played golf either, but I am curious. Sure, let's go."
I called the golf place. We were fortunate. Two groups canceled their time slot the day before, and the course was empty for 3-4 hours. I expected a 9-hole game would take us about two hours and reserved it starting an hour later. My sister checked the dress code: 'Shirts & shoes required.' She smiled.
On the way, we had sandwiches and coffee. We also bought a six-pack of a local beer to take with us. We were fifteen minutes early. We waited in the car and had a beer. Even before, Megan was in a good mood, but after the beer, she was giggly and fun.
We entered the office and rented a cart, balls, and several clubs (we had yet to learn which one served what purpose...).
When we approached the first hole, the only thing I knew about the game was that on a good day, the best golfers in the world scored less than 70 in 18 holes. We were young and highly motivated, so that we might need 50 strokes for nine holes.
By the fifth hole, my score was 39, and Megan's 47...
"Joe, we have four holes left. Let's start counting from scratch. I think I can win."
"Really?! In your dreams..."
"Do you mind if I use Paige Spiranac method?"
"Who is she?"
"She is a golfer with unique attributes."
"I have no idea what you are talking about, but if you are ready, we can start."
"Joe, I'll be back in a minute. Let me change to a more comfortable attire."
When Megan changed, I assessed the distance to the next hole, trying to evaluate the wind effect and think of the best way to avoid the bunker. She showed up five minutes later. She wore sneakers, a micro skirt barely covering her crotch, and a short-sleeved blouse with two buttons undone. As she approached me, it became evident her bra was gone...
She smiled sweetly at me, "You start."
I was ready to hit the ball and saw her bending down. Her tits jiggled and almost came out of her blouse. I stopped. And then I was about to hit the ball again. She chose her timing perfectly and jumped up one second before the club touched the ball. All my calculations were useless - my ball landed all the way to the right.
Then Megan hit hers. The shot was shorter but in the middle of the fairway.
I tried to rescue my game and was about to hit the ball. Then Megan stopped before me and claimed that her chest was itchy. She opened two more buttons in her blouse and scratched the area between her boobs. She left it open, and performed yoga poses when I tried to concentrate on my next shot. Her left tit bounced outside her blouse. She continued uninterrupted. But I was... My stroke ended up in the bunker.
She chuckled, "I think I am winning."
I smiled, "Yes, you are. I need to use my upper brain for golfing. You make me use my lower brain..."
"Big brother, I am sorry, but the dress code stated 'blouse and shoes.' I wear both..."
"Girly, your tricks may help you win our game, but you'll pay for it once we are back in our room..."
My baby sister took advantage of my biggest weakness - I couldn't resist her fantastic body, which was on full display on multiple occasions. Megan used all the sexy tricks in the book, and we finished the game in a tie.
At the end of the game, she smiled sweetly, "Joe, you've noticed a future golf champion at work. I am tired. Let's go back and rest."
Deep down, I smiled at her craftiness but pretended to be upset, "Shame on you for mocking your older brother's attraction to you!"
She grinned, "Oldie, stop being a crybaby and accept that I am at least as good as you in golf."
...
We reached our car, and Megan turned to me, "Tomorrow we leave. How do you feel about taking our stuff from Golden Eagles and spending the last 24 hours in San Francisco?"
"OK, sis, but it's a long drive."
"You'll drive, and I will sleep in the car."
"The long drive is boring. I may need to stop along the way to drink coffee."
"I may take a nap, but I'll try to keep YOU awake..."
I smirked, "Megan, in the last few days, I learned to take your word with a grain of salt..."
She winked at me, "Joe, I am your loving sister! Don't you trust me?"
I didn't bother answering.
We collected our stuff at Golden Eagles, and Megan changed into a short skirt and a sleeveless blouse. Did I mention that she was braless?...
We drove for one hour, much of it Megan slept. Then I stopped for a coffee. She woke up, stretched, and ordered black coffee, too. We took it with us to sip while driving. It was a warm day, and several minutes after finishing her coffee, Megan announced she was too hot. She removed her blouse, leaned her backseat backward, and closed her eyes. Her face was directed at me. I suspected she was checking my reaction, and elected to continue driving. Ten minutes later, she sighed, "It's still too hot," and removed her skirt. She wasn't wearing panties!
I continued driving, but now and then, I ogled her beautiful body. My pecker started hardening. Megan noticed it and had a little smile. She changed her position every few minutes, ensuring her glorious tits were facing and her thighs were partly spread...
My prick continued expanding and began aching. I tried to adjust it in my pants.
Megan whispered, "Joe, you better keep your hands on the wheel. I'll take care of your stiff problem."
She raised her backseat and touched my groin, caressing it gently. I peeked at her. She smiled at me, and her fingers carefully unzipped my fly. Then she lowered my waistband, and my free penis jumped up. She sat up straight, and her hand slowly bobbed my cock up and down lightly.
My excitement led me to increase our car speed. We bypassed several cars, and three drivers were privy to Megan's exposed tits. One sped up and drove parallel to our car for several miles. Megan watched him and grinned. A moment later, his right hand left his wheel and slipped down. He began masturbating while driving!
I blurted to Megan, "Stop it, or he'll cause an accident."
"Joe, he is young and cute. I think he likes me..."
I smiled, "You are such a bitch!"
She grinned, "I know. As you can see, I fulfill my promise. You are not bored!"
The guy must have cum in his pants - His stained palm was now on the wheel, and he lifted a phone, trying to aim at Megan. As I saw him doing it, I accelerated and left him in the dust.
The whole situation aroused both Megan and me, and I said, "Girl, you love to play with fire. There is a rest stop one mile away. I intend to stop and fuck you until you beg for mercy!"
"But Joe, how can you be so cruel to your little sister? Once you are on the plane, I'll tell Mom you abused me!"
"Good. Do it!"
...
The cars section in the rest area was very crowded, so I stopped at the truck area, far from the three parking trucks. I lowered both seats and undressed. I moved between Megan's legs and shoved my engorged pole into her drenched pussy.
I barely started pumping, and a truck stopped near our car. The driver opened his door and stared at us through the window. I was too horny to care and continued pounding Megan, whose eyes were closed, and her palms clutched my ass cheeks.
The guy stood by the window and didn't move. He watched our actions with curiosity that turned into lust as the front of his pants began bulging forward.
The guy was much smaller than me and didn't look threatening. His voyeuristic behavior aroused me further. I tweaked Megan's dark nipples and whispered, "Megan, you played with one driver on the road. Now we have another one who's watching us fuck..."
Her eyes partly opened, and a smile appeared. Then she shut her eyes again, and her pelvis countered my movements. Seconds later, her body shivered, and her loud groans were heard in the closed car. I came a short time later, deep inside her cunt. The guy watched both of us cumming, and then he signaled thumbs up and left.
We rested for 15 minutes and continued driving. Megan was still naked, and placed a towel under her. Now and then, she inserted two fingers inside her vagina, then put them in her mouth, licking my seed...
"Joe, your stuff tastes much better than the cheap coffee we had before!"
During the drive, I called several hotels near the airport. A Holliday Inn had several unoccupied rooms. We reached it at 9:30 pm. We were too tired to eat late dinner, go to the bar or watch TV. We showered and were asleep a few minutes later.
...
I woke up at 8 am. Megan was still sleeping. My flight back east was a red-eye, so we had the whole day. I brushed my teeth and shaved. When I exited the bathroom, Megan faced me, "This is our last day. Do you want to see San Francisco's attractions?"
"It's a good idea, especially if we start with a hearty breakfast."
It was a sunny day with a midday temperature of 72 degrees. Megan showed me Coit Tower, which offered a 360-degree view over the city, the crooked Lombard Street, Alcatraz prison where Al Capone was jailed, and the Golden Gate Bridge. Later in the afternoon, we went to Pier 39 for dinner and a stroll.
Then, it was time to separate. Megan looked at me teary-eyed, "Joe, I love you so much... It is so difficult for me to say goodbye. I don't know when I'll see you again."
I kissed her lips, "Megan, I love you too. Why don't YOU visit more often? Mom and I welcome you with open arms every free long weekend you have. You chose to study here in California, but I think certain universities in the Boston area allow student transfer. Check it out if you are interested."
She looked at me with her big, pretty eyes, "Mom and I love you more than just a son and brother. Both of us found you a great lover. How will we manage once I come home?"
I grinned, "Megan dear, I had the same concerns after our first sexual encounter. However, after you told me how close you're to Mom and the discussion you had with her about my intimate relationship with her, I think it will be OK."
"Joe, you love me as much as you love Mom?"
"Megan, I really do and can hardly wait for your coming home..."