There was no doubt he had room to move around me, yet he slipped by so closely I could smell his fresh washed skin and feel a bulge beneath his rugged work jeans.
"Oh, excuse me." I said, as I stood erect.
"No worries," he responded, "I meant to do that."
His honesty took me so off-guard that I instantly felt the skin on my face blush and the lips in between my legs swell. I smiled, firmly grabbed the handles of my basket and headed towards the registers. He was too good looking for me to entertain it one second more.
Just as I reached cashier #4 I caught whiff of his smell again. I subtly turned around pretending to grab a pack of gum only to see him - along with his buddy that was just as tall and just as handsome - standing two feet from me. I, once again, offered a small smile and proceeded to unload my groceries - all the goodies to make the cucumber salad I had been craving all day. My heart was racing uncontrollably as I envisioned all the places they could put those cucumbers and all the ways the three of us could fuck. Oh well. Ed was waiting in the RV and I had to get moving so we could make the campground by dusk. But immediately after I paid for my groceries I felt a rush of adrenaline and found the courage to do it: I turned around and said,
"I have that thing you've been wanting outside... so do you guys want to take a minute and come and get it?"
Without missing a beat the one that rubbed his wad on me earlier said, "absolutely".
The next thing I knew I was walking towards my husband with these two burly men following beside me.
Ed rolled down the window and said, "what's up?"
"I wanted to give these guys a little something they didn't carry in the store. Do you mind?"
This was so foreign to both of us that I don't think it immediately clicked to him.
"Sure - is it something in the back?"
"It is," I said, "and I need your help."
Ed obliged and jumped out of the drivers seat and came to the back to unlock the door. He let me in, followed immediately behind, and then the two strangers immediately after that. I was so nervous! I turned around and saw all three of these amazing men staring at me and I wasn't sure what to do.
Seconds felt like hours and I felt the juices definitely flowing between my legs. So, I just stuck my hand up the inside leg of my shorts, pulled out the sopping wet fingers and stuck them in Ed's mouth. Next thing you know the two guys had their cocks in their hands and they were rock hard hoping for some of my wet pussy.
I handed each of them a cucumber and said,
"you can use these on me, but he's the only one that gets to fuck me. Understand?"
There was no protest as I bent over and took one cock in my mouth and one in my hand. (Just because they weren't going to fuck me with them didn't mean I could suck them!)
Ed took the clue (definitely up to speed at this point), laid on the floor, and started eating me in his magical way. As I face fucked him these two guys were loving the licking they were getting. My mouth went back and forth one to another until I just had to get something slipped inside of me.
I rose up off Ed's face and pushed him back on the couch. I took his cock into my mouth as I bent over excited about the hard coolness that was about to enter me.
There it was - the big hard cucumber I had just hand selected from the produce area. At this point the friend sat beside Ed hoping to get more action. Instead of using my mouth, I surprised all of us when I turned around to ride his cock while Ed's was still in my mouth.
"Well that's not fair," the other guy said, "you know I'm going to have to get some of that now."
Ed responded "only after I fuck my own wife, thank you" and he pulled me off that hard cock and onto his own.
Since I was facing him he was sucking my titties the way he knows I love to have done and I had a cock back in each of my hands.
"Lay forward," I heard.
I was lying on top of Ed with his cock in my pussy while I felt something else trying to encourage my ass to let it in.
Ed, knowing what was coming, said "that's my territory" and flipped me over on my hands and knees to enter me from behind.
The other guy didn't mind because he slid himself under me and said "lower that pussy right here".
Oh, so I did. The third cock was back in my face and while I got fucked in the ass and the pussy I sucked that cock like it was going out of style!
All of a sudden I had cum all over my back from my husband so I sat flat down on the man and went to town with my pussy grinding all over it. I was ready to come! I rode and rode, all the while sucking the hefty cock that seemed perfectly happy in my grasp and between my lips.
Within minutes I was coming and coming all over that cock as Ed watched from the side stroking his cock that was once again firm and ready to roll. I grabbed Ed into my mouth just as the guy pushed me off and shot his wad. The friend couldn't take it any longer and had to get that cock in my hot pussy just once - and just seconds before he, too, shot his wad everywhere.
As the two handsome strangers fell back on the couch to recuperate and watch Ed and I finish the deed, I laid back, spread my legs wide open, and said to Ed "come and get it".
He brought that hard dick back over and with full force pushed that cock deep inside me over and over until he and I came together for the second time.
Ed collapsed on top of me for just a second - both of us out of breath. When he rolled off we turned around only to find we were alone.
"Where did they go?"
"Who", Ed asked.
Without saying anything else we both kissed and laid there for a couple more minutes catching our breath.
"That was amazing" Ed said... "you were sooo wet!!! And... I think we'll still make the campground before dark too."