Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage. In previous stories, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean proved life-changing - and marriage saving. Now this couple continues to explore new erotic adventures to see where this road takes them...
This story is about sexual exploration through discovering the power of a woman's inner exhibitionist. It is long as it tries to capture the emotions of a mature woman shedding her inhibitions. This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you.
*********************
After showering and before getting dressed, Susan looked at her reflection in the mirror. Now past fifty, this tall, blonde, green-eyed woman still looked pretty good. Despite her age, her 36B breasts retained their shape nicely even without support and showed no impact from breastfeeding three kids, or from gravity. Her breasts were capped by quarter-sized pink areola. Her stomach was relatively flat and her pussy shaved with just a thin strip of hair, the product of her recent decision to keep herself relatively hairless "down there." Her creamy white skin was smooth and, even after three kids, bore no scars or stretch marks from childbirth.
She turned a little and glanced over her shoulder. Her ass was nicely rounded with no sag. Overall, she was really pleased at what she was seeing. She was a mature woman with a mature woman's look; and as she had recently become aware, a look that many men still found attractive and very appealing. Although, as with most women, she felt there was still room for improvement.
Her hormones were changing and a new chapter in her life had begun. She felt stirrings; "tingles" as she called them. It didn't take much to get her aroused nowadays.
It started in Punta Cana a couple years ago. In such a romantic, sexually charged place she, she and Edward 're-connected'. And for the first time, she acquiesced to Edward and removed her top and sunbathed topless. Actually, she did more than sunbathe topless; she swam, and even went for walks on the beach while topless. Even weeks afterward, Susan could not stop thinking about how liberating and sexy she felt during that holiday in Punta Cana.
A little background, Susan was a typical middle-aged mother and wife, who also was a career professional. After so many years of raising kids, keeping the house in order, and working full-time, she felt she was on a constant mouse wheel with no end in sight. Whenever, she and her husband Edward tried to have some time for themselves, often rest or sleep was the night activity of choice. But that holiday in Punta Cana changed everything.
Today, life was good for Susan and Edward. Financially secure, they were able to treat themselves now and again to "The Good Life" - overseas travel, nice dinners out, parties, etc. They were relatively healthy and they exercised regularly to keep in shape.
Through all this, Edward felt closer to Susan than ever before. And their sex life was downright hot - better than ever. No longer was sex routine. They sprinkled their lovemaking with "Sexy Talk." Both of them enjoyed reliving their hottest moments they had experienced in Punta Cana, particularly when Susan walked the beach topless, the impromptu photo shoot with a young Dominican guy, and Susan's attraction to Keith, that hot sexy guy she met in Punta Cana on their last day. That week started a new and sexually charged life for them.
It had been one of the Edward's hottest fantasies to see Susan completely nude on a beach. Not a remote beach, but a crowded public beach. Edward loved to show off his hot wife. He just could not get the vision out of his head of Susan laying on a blanket or confidently walking along the beach completely naked, in front of other guys watching her every move. He shared that fantasy with Susan often.
Although Susan 'played along' to appease her husband, in reality she was intrigued by the idea of going to a nude beach. Ever since Keith, that hot guy they met in Punta Cana, told them of his times on the nude beaches of Spain, she began to have her own fantasies about being on a nude beach. But her fantasies were a little different. She had fantasized about seeing Keith naked. In fact, she wanted to see a variety of men and their cocks. She had never seen an uncircumcised cock and wanted to compare one with her husband's circumcised cock. She was curious to see if men got erections on a nude beach.
But Susan always dismissed the possibility of going to a nude beach. Sure, it was a liberating, sexy feeling when she sunbathed topless. And yes, it was exciting when she knew other guys were looking at her tits. And yes, she was really getting to love taking it up a notch by flashing and teasing. But completely nude was something completely different. There was just something about being completely naked. A quick flash of a pussy was one thing, but being naked for hours in clear and constant view of others was something else. Would she actually be able to go through with it?
After a particularly hot lovemaking session, Edward felt it was a good time to see if fantasy could become reality. Edward offered to take their next holiday in Greece. Edward had already done his research. The Greek Islands offered a wonderful holiday experience. With many choices of islands and styles unique to each island, and with the Greek beaches being clothing optional, Edward concluded Greece would be the perfect location for their next holiday. He believed they could ease into making his fantasy a reality. Ultimately he was unsure if Susan would be a participant or just an observer.
"Honey," Edward whispered to Susan after their incredible lovemaking session, "For our next holiday, I think we should go to the Greek Islands."
Without hesitation, Susan pulled Edward closer and whispered, "Let's do it!"
Susan's answer, while welcoming, actually surprised Edward. "Are you sure?"
"Yes! I trust you and I know you do a really good job of planning our holiday. So let's go!"
"I do not want you to agree just because you say I really want to. I want BOTH of us to really want to."
Susan kissed Edward deeply, and then whispered softly but this time with commitment, "I really want to!!!"
The next day, they browsed websites dedicated to help travelers plan a trip. They went to the library and looked at books on Greek travel. Susan soon fell in love with the idea of going to the Greek Islands. The islands seemed exotic - beautiful scenery, friendly people, good food, and nice beaches.
"You know, the islands of Naxos and Mykonos are known for having great beaches," Edward informed Susan. "Some of those beaches on those islands are party beaches, and others are clothing optional!"
"I hope you know that we are not going all the way to Greece only to spend all of our time on a nude beach!" Susan's lecturing surprised Edward and gave him pause.
The words did come out of Susan's mouth, but in reality she was really intrigued by the idea. So a trip to Greece was in the works. But would fantasy become reality???
**************************
The Greek Island of Naxos was beautiful; natural beauty, historic sites, and friendly people. Their first day on the island was spent sightseeing. The next morning while eating breakfast, Susan and Edward talked about what to do that day."I suppose we could have a beach day," Susan said.
Susan's suggestion surprised Edward. He wanted to go, of course, but he thought he would have to coerce his wife. She knew many of the Greek beaches were clothing optional. He jumped on it. "Great idea, sweetheart!"
And just like that, Susan and Edward were headed to a nearby beach.
Plaka Beach was one of the nicest on the Island, and it was easily reachable by bus from town. So after breakfast, they walked into town, bought tickets for the bus and waited at the bus stop for the bus to Plaka Beach. Edward knew from his research about Plaka and knew to get off on the last bus stop, which was the best part of the beach. I also just happened to be the area that was considered clothing optional. They got off the bus at the last stop and Edward led Susan over the dunes to the beach.
The scene was right out of a postcard. The sea was a beautiful blue-green color. The sand, white and soft. A couple of sailboats bobbed while anchored just offshore. The waves lapped gently. The blue sky was a nice contrast to the coastline. Yes this was the Greek paradise you see in magazines.
As they walked across the sand from the dunes to the waterline, Edward insisted they turn left. The beach had a smattering of couples and a few groups, all "clothed."
But within seconds, Susan's eyes grew big. A young couple, both nude, who appeared to be in their early 30's walked closely right past them. Both were good looking and in great shape. She was tall and thin with perky tits and a shaved pussy. He was also tall but with a hairy chest and equally hairy pubes. They were speaking French. They made eye contact and nodded as they passed.
Susan immediately noticed the tall guy was uncircumcised and with a rather large cock of at least 8" flaccid. "Wow!!!" she whispered to herself. Susan could not help herself as she stood frozen for a moment, seemingly with her mind blown. She looked up at her husband and smiled, saying nothing. It felt very awkward to look at another man's cock out there in public, but then again, it was hard not to. "Thank god for these sunglasses!" she thought to herself.
She just saw her first uncircumcised cock in real life, and she was impressed!
Then they came upon an older couple walking the beach, hand in hand, and wearing not a stitch but for their hats. Susan looked around and saw two women sunbathing on their backs, their sun-kissed boobs pointing straight up and a few guys sitting taking in the sights. They were all completely nude."I feel like we are sticking out. Are we supposed to be naked already?" Susan whispered to Edward."I think we are fine. Let's continue further and find a good spot. Let's get settled first.""Ok, sounds good."
It was a perfect cloudless sunny day, so there were quite a few people on the beach already -- far more than Susan expected. She felt her pulse increase, likely from her nervousness. Her excitement became more evident when her nipples began to harden, demonstrating a desire to poke through her bikini top.
Edward, on the other hand was thrilled that there were so many people. Not that he got off on being an exhibitionist, but because he loved showing off his wife. He was one to voyeur his wife, and the bigger the audience, the hotter the experience.
Edward eyed a spot - not far from the water, and neither close to nor far away from others. Two single women were on their right. The first was a pretty younger woman, mid-20's maybe, and sunbathing on her back, distinctive bikini tan lines readily visible and sporting a closely trimmed pubic mound.
The other woman appeared to be in her forty's and had a deep tan. The lack of tan lines gave an indication she was no stranger to nude beaches. Edward noticed she was completely shaved.
A middle aged but in-shape couple was behind them. On the other side was a single guy; portly and also middle aged.
Edward thought this would be a good place to set their blanket. He did not think Susan would be thrilled being amongst a bunch of guys. Having two single women nearby seemed perfect to let Susan feel at ease on her first day on this Greek beach.
"What do you think? Is this spot good or should we move further up the beach?"
Susan scanned the beach further down and noticed the people sunbathing, mostly middle aged men and some couples, but not many younger people...all of them were nude. While she did not want to stare, she had noticed each person sort of nodded or otherwise acknowledged them as they passed, as if they were old friends.
Susan looked around and then looked back at Edward. He had a certain "determination" on his face. She thought, "This is good, let's just set up here," nodding her approval. "What the hell," she thought, "we will not run into anyone we know anyway"
"OK then," Edward thought. "Let's do it!" He then spread out the large blanket.
Susan stood still for a moment, with her beach bag still in her hand.
She noticed herself breathing a bit faster at just the thought of going topless again. Even though she actually enjoyed sunbathing without her bikini top, she could never tell her friends or neighbors back home. Unfortunately, it seems, as they got older every woman had been programmed to cover more, and even be ashamed of their own body. A woman in her fifties really "shouldn't" wear a bikini. Certainly, no woman in her fifties should be topless, and definitely not nude.
She looked around again. There were nude people everywhere. And more people were arriving. She was amazed how nonchalant and carefree these people seemed with their bodies. There were definitely a lot more guys than girls, which scared her a bit. And of course all the guys around her were fully nude, and she was convinced they all were watching her.
She could feel the butterflies in her stomach as she prepared to remove her top. She turned around to undo her bikini top and, surprise!! Edward had already dropped his board shorts and was lying on his back with his cock in full view.
"Well that did not take long. Looks like you could not get naked fast enough!"
"Hell Susan. We're on vacation on the Greek Isles. When in Rome...er Greece..."
A bit cautious and still breathing erratically, Susan looked left and then right. No one seemed to be paying attention that her husband was naked. She thought to herself, "This is it...we are really going to do this!"
Edward knew his wife was hesitant as she took in the surroundings. Her next step was to take her bikini off. But out here, there was no privacy for her to remove her clothes. They were out in the open.
She quickly realized that it was now or never for her. "Well...the hell with it!"
He watched as his wife, still standing and still obviously nervous, undid the top of her bikini and let it fall off. Her pale breasts jiggled as they became unencumbered by her bikini top. Edward watched as Susan tossed her bikini top in the beach bag. He hoped she would not put it back on until they left for the day.
She took off her sheer sarong, pulled out the sunscreen and nervously started applying it all over her shoulders, her chest, and her stomach. Then she squirted a bit more and massaged the lotion all over her tits. Susan had to admit that it felt great being exposed to the Greek sun and gentle breezes.
Edward loved watching as his wife ever so casually rubbed lotion on her tits in front of him. The creamy white color of her boobs and soft puffy pink areolae contrasted nicely with her late summer tan.
Edward wanted to grab her and play with those tits, but he resisted, for the moment and enjoyed his personal show. He watched as his wife put dabs on her fingers and rubbed the extra sunscreen onto her nipples. As she did, he could see her nipples hardening further.
Susan again glanced down at Edward and noticed Edward's erection. "Ohh, you're growing! And it looks like you are about to drip!"
Edward looked down and saw his cock at half-staff. Watching his wife massage her titties out her in the open was certainly a turn on. He casually wiped the pre-cum from the tip.
Just as Susan was finishing, Edward jumped up and offered to do her back. He turned her around, and squirted out some sunscreen. He started a slow massage of the cream on his wife's back.
Then he looked around and saw most of the fellow sunbathers now watching him, with Susan facing directly in their direction. He realized his personal show had become a public show. And he took his time to allow everyone to get a good look at his wife.
Susan soon realized what her husband was up to. But instead of protesting, she relented and allowed his little "show" to continue. She just stood there and looked around as her husband methodically covered her back, her tits on full display. By now, she was also aware that more and more people were arriving at the beach, and more setting up around them.
One single guy set up in front of them. But for his height, only about 5'-9", his chiseled face with a perfectly trimmed beard, trim tanned body and overall confidence gave him the look like he could make the cover of GQ magazine. Susan immediately noticed he was uncircumcised and completely without body hair. In a word, he was HOT! Perhaps too close for Susan's comfort, he set up just a few feet in front of their blanket.
Fully protected from the sun, Susan dropped the sunscreen into her bag and lay down next to Edward, keeping her bottoms on. She was hesitant to go 'full Monty'.
She closed her eyes and listened to the sound of the lapping water, the hot sun warming her boobs, and the slight breeze blowing across her nipples. "This really DOES feel great!" she thought.
"Hmmmm," Edward thought. Susan being topless would normally be the illicit exposure that would drive Edward crazy. But here on a beach where he and most people were completely nude, he wanted to see "all" of Susan. Why was she hesitant to join the party?
At the same time, Susan was debating her next move herself. She hated that she was being so indecisive. After all this planning and build-up prior to choosing to come to the Greek Islands, has she now decided that getting completely naked in front of others is not something she could go forward with? After all, experiencing complete freedom from clothes on a public beach together with her husband was why they were here. Yet, she felt self-conscious.
Over the next 25-30 minutes, Edward also noticed more and more people coming to the beach, which meant even more setting up around them. There were mostly couples, but the single guys still outnumbered the single girls by at least 4 to 1. He saw the young couple they saw earlier splashing in the water in front of them. Nearby in the other direction, half a dozen guys and four other couples were in the water. Everyone seemed to keep a respectful distance. However with more people arriving, he thought, may make Susan even less comfortable.
Lying back with her eye's closed, Susan enjoyed the feeling of the sun and breeze on her body. To her shame, she could not get the image of the young French man's cock she saw when they first arrived out of her mind. That image sent electrifying pulses through her body.
She sat up leaning on her elbows as she surveyed the scene around her. She noticed the man that had set up in front of her appeared to be staring at her. He quickly looked away when he realized he was 'caught'. It was obvious he had been focused on her. Normally she would become embarrassed or self-conscious. But to Susan's surprise, knowing she was the object of this stranger's intent stare gave her a slight thrill.
Beyond him, the young French couple she saw earlier was coming out of the water hand-in-hand. The man's uncircumcised cock bobbing left and right seemed larger, and his girl's nipples on her perfect tits appeared to be clearly aroused, as if the young couple had been "playing" in the water.
With all the visuals around her, she felt a warm wetness steadily growing between her legs, her body undeniably demonstrating her growing excitement.
She was now ready, she thought. It was time for her to come out of her conservative mom shell and join the libertines. Susan stood up. She felt like her heart was lodged into her throat as she looked left and then looked right. The beach was way more crowded now. And there was a fairly steady stream of people walking along the water just a few meters in front of them. She noticed all different sizes and shapes and genders, and all naked. Several fellow beach-goers were looking right at her. But, she neither panicked nor covered up. Involuntarily, Susan's excitement was growing.
She looked down at Edward, his eyes unmistakably urging her on.
Edward watched with stunned excitement as Susan's thumbs found the sides of her bikini bottom and quickly slid it down her legs. She nonchalantly stepped out of her bikini bottom and threw them onto the towel.
Edward assumed that Susan would sit down to remove her bottoms so as not to draw extra attention.
took in the sight of his beautiful wife. She shaved her public area smooth, leaving only a thin trimmed strip above her pussy. This was the "look" Edward liked. But this look also made her stand out from all the other women who mostly were at extremes; either completely shaved or sporting a full bush.
And just like that, for the first time in her life, Susan was completely naked on a public beach where close to a hundred people could easily see her. Although still nervous, Susan felt a sense of exhilaration as she stood there over her husband, whom, she noticed, was now also clearly exhibiting his excitement to everyone on the beach.
She looked around. No one at all seemed to notice that she was now naked. The man in front of her was reading a book. The young French couple, it turns out, was nearby at their blanket, and were now making out. She was completely nude in public for the first time, and no one seemed to notice! She felt free, but incredibly, she also felt disappointed that no one noticed her.
Edward's fantasy was to experience a nude beach with his wife, but he didn't know if Susan would actually be a full participant. Now, smiling with pride and joy, he had his answer.
Edward expected Susan to quickly lie down on the blanket. But instead, she smiled and thanked her husband, then reached down and squirted some sunscreen onto her hand, and rubbed the cream on her butt, still standing.
Then she squirted out some more and started rubbing it on her skin moving down from her belly button to the top of her pussy. She looked around and noticed several men, including Mr. GQ, now watching her. Susan felt her body flush, aware that a woman standing so exposed massaging cream in her most intimate areas was why she was receiving the attention the men around her. To her indignity, her body was becoming aroused by her little tease with sunscreen.
Incredibly, she felt exhilaration having such rapt attention from the men around her. She was not used to garnering so much attention from men. Undeterred by the typically forbidden social taboo, she felt deliciously naughty. She was careful not to touch her clitoris, since now with her elevated excitement it would not take much to push her over the edge. Despite everything, she wanted to maintain some sense of decorum on this public beach.
Edward watched his wife's every move. He enjoyed looking back and forth from his wife's admirers to what they were being treated to. As a dedicated voyeur, he took great pleasure in witnessing his wife drawing the attention of the males on the beach. The thought of showing off his wife to other men created a sexual excitement inside him that he could not explain. It turned him on so much watching his cute, sexy, shy, reserved wife re-discover her naughty side.
"Are you staring at me?" Susan's voice snapped Edward out of his thoughts.He smiled over at her, "Couldn't help it, you look gorgeous!"
Susan smiled back, then turned her head and closed her eyes to enjoy the sun dancing over every part of her body.
Just as his mind was wandering to more sordid thoughts, Edward could not believe what he saw next. "Honey, you need to see this!"
Out from a little palm frond makeshift shelter about thirty feet behind them at the dunes emerged a man and a woman, both naked. She had a nice body and a full bush. The make-up of her hair coupled with the full bush made her look quite "earthy." After removing several blankets from the little shelter and laying them on the sand presumably to dry in the sun, she casually walked down to the water and dove in for a short swim.
The man, on the other hand, stretched while he absorbed the brilliant late morning sun. He then started a series of yoga moves. Susan propped herself on her elbows as she took in the sight. He was tall, quite hairy everywhere including a beard and a huge growth of pubic hair. His cock was uncircumcised, and was quite large, even though his full bush camouflaged most of his cock.
It was surreal watching this tall, long-haired, naked guy perform classic yoga poses right on this beach, and in front of, and right next to, many people. Imagine, the lung, the forward bend, the warrior, and then the downward-facing dog being performed by a naked man. Parts hanging everywhere!!
Then the man moved closer to the waterline, which brought him closer to people strolling the beach. Seemingly without a care in the world, he broke into set of squats. It appeared his cock touched the sand on each downward squat.
Edward and Susan looked around. The whole beach was focused on "Yoga Man!" They looked at each other and broke out laughing. It was the perfect sidebar to relieve the sexual build-up in both of them.
Susan lay back with her knees up and closed her eyes. She was feeling a sense of pure freedom and exhilaration lying naked on this idyllic beach. Now a bit more relaxed, her knees drifted slightly apart. She felt a cooling in her pussy, the slight sea breeze highlighting the wetness welling from within.
The Greek sun was brilliant, and strong. After about an hour, Edward wanted to cool off.
"I'm getting a little hot. I am thinking about going in the water for a bit. Will you join me?" Edward's suggestion went without a comment or a visible reaction from Susan.
Could she shed her inhibitions and the butterflies in her stomach and walk 20 meters to the water to cool off?
Edward put his arm around his wife and moved closer to whisper in her ear. "Look, if you are uncomfortable, we don't need to go. Whatever you choose will be fine," he tried to reassure her. "But you are here on a beach on an island in Greece. Nobody knows you. Dismiss your trepidation; so even if you want to get wild and crazy, go for it. If not, no problem."
Edward's assurances were sweet, but the reality was she was just becoming comfortable lying on a blanket naked in front of others. She seemed to be in her little protected zone. Walking topless on the beach in Punta Cana was one thing, but this would be intensified 10 times. Getting up and walking past all those faces to the water completely naked was much different.
Her mind was in an undecided haze while her body was overloaded by the sensations and surroundings. Just then, Susan realized her nipples were hardened and aching, and not from the sea breeze. Her excitement was unmistakable.
"Time to go for it - jump in the deep end," she said to herself. "I mind as well let everyone see all of me!" And with that Susan got up and announced to Edward, "You're right, it's hot. I'm going in the water to cool off. Come join me!"
Edward jumped up and held out his hands for Susan. Now holding hands, they walked toward the water. Edward glanced around the beach and saw the eyes of the nearby men following Susan.
Although not making eye contact, Susan could actually "feel" the eyes of others looking at her. She felt predictably nervous, as if everyone on the beach was staring at her. She had to fight the instinct to cover up.
When they reached the relative safety of the waterline, Susan did not give in to her nerves as she pulled her hair back behind her head in a ponytail. The innocuous act served to naturally push out her breasts, as if she was now showing off her assets. This move Susan surprised Edward - and herself.
They entered the water. The water was the perfect temperature, cooling but not cold, and perfectly clear. To try to cool herself, Susan cupped her hands to lift water onto her chest. Edward watched as the water rolled down her tits. The action got the attention of her nipples, which stiffened, at the combination of water and breeze.
They swam and splashed and talked. They were having a great time on this beautiful Greek island.
They waded out a little further so that they were in water that was half way up her tits. It was interesting to see how Susan's breasts bobbed in the water when unencumbered by a suit. And, Edward could see her naked lower half through the wavy but perfectly clear water.
They were not the only ones in the water however. There seemed to be at least a dozen guys within a stone's throw. Although Susan knew they could not see her naked body beneath the water, the very idea of being naked surrounded by a group of men caused her to feel both nervous and, indescribably...naughty. She could feel her heart racing, aroused by her very thoughts.
Edward noticed his wife's boobs bobbing in and out of the water. They looked incredible. The sun cast a perfect glow on her. Edward pulled his wife to him and she responded by wrapping her legs around his waist. He leaned in and kissed her long and deep. Undeterred by the guys nearby, he reached out and touched those tits, massaging and squeezing her nipples.
The touch of her husband felt incredible for Susan. She could only assume no one around them could see what was happening. But the danger in the act excited her.
Edward looked at Susan deep into her eyes, "I have to tell you, when you stripped off your bikini bottoms right there in front of a beach of strangers, I nearly blew a load! Are you enjoying this as much as I am?"Susan smiled and whispered into her husband's ear, "maybe you can answer the question this way!" and pulled his hand to her crotch. She gasped at his touch, eyes bolting wide.
Edward could feel the wetness of her pussy even in the sea. She was absolutely oozing wetness. He pulled her ass into his hardened crotch. Susan's eyes once again darted wide, blushing.
"Hmmm, what's this?" she asked as she wrapped her hand around her husband's hard cock. "Does someone like me showing my pussy to strangers?" Then she guided his cock down and began to rub up and down her soaking wet pussy lips.
The feeling felt amazing for Edward, as was the sight. His normally demure wife was stroking his dick against her pussy less than twenty or thirty feet from an audience. The entire scene was so erotic - he knew he was in a haze of ecstasy and it seemed his wife was as well.
She stammered as she gathered her ability to form words, "I can't believe we're doing this, right here, and I know you're enjoying it a lot, as I can feel!"
Edward smiled a satisfying smile. "You are so hot and you are making me so happy right now!" He thought it best to stop before they went too far. "Come, let's return and relax on our blanket," he tried to play it cool but he was on fire inside.
Susan nervously looked towards the beach and noticed the beach was a lot more crowded than she remembered. She paused before moving further, trying to anticipate her feelings about being completely exposed again; this time with everyone facing her. After all, a woman emerging naked from the water would surely attract attention
She took a few steps, which exposed her breasts completely. Immediately, her nipples tightened further from the coolness of the afternoon air. The mixed emotions of her wet body chilled by the gentle breeze but warmed by her arousal actually felt great!
Susan again paused trying to sort through her feelings. As if to show that her stopping was intentional, she reached down and cupped a handful of water and splashed it over her shoulders. She felt the cool water cascading down her shoulders, over her breasts, and dripping off her nipples. She reached down again, but this time as she brought the handful of water up, her hands brushed against her nipples, sending another wave of arousal across her body.
Edward did not know what to expect as Susan paused and looked nervously towards the crowded beach. He was convinced everyone on the beach was watching them; more specifically, watching his wife. He placed his hand at the small of her back. He felt her tense. Then he slid his hand down to cup her ass. Reaching further, his fingers explored inside of her thigh, finally parting her pussy lips.
Susan shuddered as her husband's fingers pushed into her pussy, either completely forgetting they were in public view of practically everyone on the beach, or too turned on to care. There she was, naked in waist-deep water, with her husband's fingers inside her. She quivered as he worked his fingers in and out between her legs. Yet, despite everyone potentially able to see what was happening and being on display, she was too turned on to care. It was amazing how good it felt and how naughty she felt. She did not move. She just stood completely still and closed her eyes, enjoying her husband's intimate touch.
Then after what seemed like minutes, but was likely only about 30 seconds, he pulled out. Susan's knees buckled, expecting more. She looked up -- she was sure everyone had been watching them. But what were they able to see?
She took a few more steps out exposing her pussy to her "audience" on the beach, now consciously pushed by her desire to expose more. At this point, Susan's arousal could not be mistaken. Her nipples were taut and aching. An unmistakable wetness welled between her legs, ready to ooze out of her pussy. Her emotions were playing games with her. Was she actually enjoying this; the forbidden and "unnatural" act of being completely exposed, and the object of the attention of strangers?
Edward watched as his wife left the relative safety of the waist deep water and strode confidently back to their blanket, her shoulders back and her boobs pushed out, jiggling with every step. Seeing his wife's tits jiggling freely as she walked and her pussy and ass wonderfully exposed gave him a satisfying thrill. And her pussy lips were swollen from the effect of their near-lovemaking in the water.
And equally important to Edward, everyone on the beach got to really drink in the view of his beautiful woman walking confidently out of the water completely nude. She was truly a vision and he beamed with pride as he watched guys turn to continue to follow her as she strode past them.
As she passed by Mr. GQ, Susan couldn't resist smiling at him. Her body dripping with water, and wearing nothing but a pair of earrings, she knew she was a sight to see. She turned around to check his reaction, and he seemed to be fixated on her naked ass. In years past, Susan had always been content to fade into the background, not wanting to draw attention to herself. But now, she was the center of such attention. And she was enjoying the moment.
It was such a sensory experience for Susan, walking in public wearing nothing at all. Everything felt so different. The breeze on her body felt almost titillating. The warming sun on her skin was tantalizing. She felt awesome!
The once innocent act of walking to the beach blanket was almost too much for her. She scanned the others on the beach. Susan noticed the eyes of seemingly everyone on the beach on her, each set of eyes running up and down every inch of her naked body. Once upon a time, she would seek to quickly cover herself. But not this time. Instead of embarrassment or humiliation, she felt liberated and free, sexy and naughty.
Ironically, the attention of all the men actually helped her overcome her trepidation. Her anxiety was replaced by the inexplicably exhilarating feeling at the sudden attention she had earned. She once again felt a thrill deep within her body.
The feeling of the breeze on her nipples, feeling them hardening and sticking out more and more. Each step she took seemed to massage her swollen labia, sending repeated jolts through her body. She could feel her pussy getting wetter with her own fluids, enhanced by the coolness of the air - a reminder of her state of arousal. She needed to be fucked.
No longer conflicted and now completely enjoying her state of undress, she wanted to provide an encore for her audience, Susan reached the blanket and bent down from the waist, giving everybody a view of not only her boobs hanging freely, but of her ass. Picked up a beach towel and drying her hair and body, she was unconcerned and now clearing enjoying the attention she was getting from the men watching her.
So now that she had taken her first steps being nude in public, she was enjoying the feeling of the ocean breeze all over her body and the sun warming parts of her body not usually exposed. She felt totally uninhibited and so free.
She lay back on the towel and thought about how at ease the young couple, and even "Yoga Man", was with everything on display. Her nervousness was gone. She too felt at ease and comfortable in her own skin.
Lying back with her knees up, she then began a rhythmic dance where she swung her knees together then back apart, slowly but deliberately. Edward watched as another man walked in front and glanced at his wife, looking directly between her legs at her gorgeous pussy, tiny beads of sweat glistening in the afternoon sun. The action stirred his perverted mind into sexual overdrive, hoping or, maybe wishing, that his wife would tease the man further.
With her eyes closed, Susan's mind was racing. She could not "see" if anyone was staring at her. But she sure could "feel" the eyes of many on her. She could feel her heart beating faster. Yet even in this exposed state, and still not completely over her anxiety, she was thrilled that another man would be so appreciative of her body.
She opened her eyes in time to see a group of guys walking down the beach towards her. They appeared to be discretely checking out the girls as they walked. Susan impulsively spread her legs slightly. When the guys got to her, they stopped. Her eyes closed feigning sleep, she could hear them talking a few yards in front of her. She had an enormous desire to touch herself, but there was still that nagging, guarded part of her that stopped her from any audacious and shameless act. The guys moved on. She hated herself for being a 'good girl'.
Edward watched this little "show" from his wife. He knew Mr. GQ had a front row seat to a lurid view of his wife's amazing pussy lips protruding from between her legs. As he lay there with his cock hard, alternating looking over at his wife and the stranger leering at her from behind sunglasses, he had to admit that this first nude beach experience had gone far better than he could have ever expected.
He had wondered how his conservative wife would act her first time nude on a beach. He now knew his wife was enjoying being naked -- and maybe even enjoying showing off. He wanted to ask her, "Admit it, you enjoy the attention!" But instead he chose to keep it low key, not wanting to derail her journey. He chose instead to congratulate her.
"Honey you look great! I have to admit it was hot as hell seeing you walk so confidently naked right by the men so obviously enjoying your naked body," he confessed. "I knew it would be a turn on for me, but I also enjoyed how you have really gotten into it!" he told her with a grin.
"So congratulations! Your confidence is sexy and really turning me on. I would say this was a great first day at the beach!"
She looked up and that hot guy in front of her was still there, lying on his stomach, book down and still looking directly between her legs. To Susan's surprise, his intent stare gave her a thrill. She could feel her pussy tingling. A stranger, unobtrusive yet conspicuous in his actions, was making her wet.
Susan paused to collect her thoughts. She was not upset with Edward. She did not feel humiliated from this experience. She was no longer neither uncomfortable nor embarrassed. What she finally realized was she was actually enjoying this experience. But more so, she was heartened that, even in her 50's, she was still was still viewed as attractive and sexy.
As she settled herself on the towel again, she stared back at the younger man, looked directly to his eyes, and smiled. In a nonchalant way, her hand slid down to her pussy as if brushing sand from between her lips. Her finger rubbed her clit ever so briefly sending jolts of electric pulses through her body. Susan saw him continuing his gaze with utmost interest, waiting to see how far she'd go.
Then, once again, the 'Good Girl' kicked in, and she took it no further. Nonetheless, instead of trepidation and nervousness, she now felt confident and assured. Instead of feeling suppressed, she felt encouraged by the unspoken compliments of strangers.
But most importantly, her husband was right! She had to admit her first time on a nude beach was a liberating experience. She looked over at Edward who was smiling at her lovingly and unmistakably beaming with pride. She felt a feeling of closeness to her husband - that rare feeling you get when you are not just attracted to, but completely connected with someone.
She turned to Edward and spoke in a hushed voice. "Well, I have to admit. It was pretty exhilarating. I feel free and sexy and naughty, all at the same time! Let's go back to our room. I need to fuck!" Then surprising she continued with a wry smile, "Perhaps we can come back tomorrow?"
To be continued...