I closed my eyes, and knocked quickly on the hotel room door, taking a step back as my heart raced with anxious excitement. After a few seconds – seconds that seemed like half an hour -- the door opened, and I saw James smiling, gesturing for me to join him in his suite.
The late afternoon sun shone brightly through the suite's sheer curtains, and I looked around the room – this was apparently some sort of business suite, as the room we were in had no bed, only a rectangular conference table with six chairs around it, and a pair of sofas closer to the window. Another door, now partially closed, led into another room – the bedroom, perhaps?
"I'm sorry if the room's a bit warm," James said graciously as he shut the door behind me. "I've got the air conditioning on but I'm afraid the western exposure means it will be a while before the room's cooled down."
I stood nervously, eagerly anticipatingsomething...but what?
"Here, Tammy, allow me to take your jacket." James helped remove my jacket –the perfect gentlemen, I thought – and carefully hung it in a closet near the hallway door. He walked around the conference table to a bar against one wall. "White wine, is that right?" he asked casually. I gulped, looking at him, and then at the room around me. "Um, yes, that...that would be lovely," I said.
I watched as he poured a glass of wine for me, and then tossed a handful of ice cubes into a lowball glass, topping it off with a small bottle of what appeared to be bourbon. He walked to the table, handed me the wine glass, then raised his glass in a toast.
"Here's to getting to know each other better," he said with a smile as he clinked my glass with his, then gestured for me to sit down at the conference table. My heart pounded as I took a sip of the wine, somewhat surprised that James seemed to be treating my visit as some sort of business meeting.
I sat at one end of the conference table, and smoothed my skirt over my thighs, acutely aware of the growing tension between my legs. James sat down in the middle of the long side of the table, looked at me, and took a sip of his drink.
"So Tammy, was I correct about the anklet? That your husband likes to share you with other men?"
Here we go...
"Ummm, yes...yes," I stammered. "Jack – my husband – gets turned on by the idea of, um, me being with...ah...other men," I said, stumbling. I took a sip of my wine, trying to regain my composure.
"But certainly you couldn't guess that solely by the anklet, could you?" I asked. "I mean, there are lots of women who just wear anklets because they like wearing anklets."
James chuckled. "Certainly true, Tammy, certainly true." He took another sip of his whiskey, and set the glass on the table.
"With most shared wives, though, the first thing I notice is how she carries herself, there's a certain poise or a certain confidence that other women don't have. It's tough to describe, but easy to notice, once you know what to look for. In fact, I noticed that poise about you from across the room at the jazz club last week, before I even saw the anklet – and when I saw the anklet last week, I thought my odds on guessing right were pretty good. When I saw it again tonight, I was almost certain."
Could it bethatobvious?I wondered.
"So whose idea was it for you to be with other men, yours or your husband's?" James asked casually after a brief silence.
I squirmed slightly in my chair, aroused by the combination of nonchalance and eroticism in James' questions. "It...it had been a fantasy of Jack's for years, going back to college, actually, although I didn't know it then, and, um, he would tell me his fantasies in bed...and then one day things just, ah..."
"...just sort of happened?" James finished my sentence for me, smiling. "Yeah," I added, "they just sort of happened."
"And tell me, Tammy," he said in a low voice, "how many lovers have you had since things just sort of happened?"
"Just one," I answered honestly.
James' eyes widened in surprise.
"Just one?" He leaned forward slightly and smiled. "Why Tammy, that means you're practically a virgin." The last word hung in the air for a long moment, and I had to remind myself to take a breath.
James picked up his glass and looked into it, lazily swirling the drink, making the ice cubes clink noisily against the sides of the glass.
"So, tell me about him – your one lover," James said finally.
"His name was Derek," I began slowly.
"And how did you meet him?" James asked. I noticed that the room seemed noticeably darker than it had been when I entered, as the setting sun ceased to light the room as brightly.
"I...we, um, we were both on the same United Way committee," I said quietly. "When he, ah, came to the first committee meeting, my husband was out of town and I, um, fantasized about Derek. A lot."
I squirmed on the chair again, my confessions both igniting my memories and exciting my anticipation of this evening.
"I...I told my husband about Derek and Jack, um, encouraged me to, ah, make myself available to him. His – Derek's – wife was back in California finishing up her doctorate," I added, "so I was, um, kind of Derek's 'girlfriend' until his wife moved here."
"I see," James said evenly. "So tell me about Derek."
I took a sip of my wine, and tried to maintain eye contact with James. "Derek's a few years younger than me, an executive at the bank. And he's black," I added.
James smiled. "And do you think you'll ever go back?" he asked with a soft chuckle.
"Well...I'm here tonight, aren't I?" I said both impulsively and flirtatiously.
"Had that been part of your or your husband's fantasies, that you'd have a black lover?" James inquired.
"That...didn't really ever enter into the fantasies, really," I replied. "Not until I met Derek, anyway. Jack just seemed to be really aroused by the idea of me being with another man, he never really said anything about his race."
"And tell me, what did Derek like to do to you, Tammy?" James asked.
My heart pounded. "He...um, Derek, ah, liked to, um, dominate me, to make me...submit to him. He liked to...to tie me up, and spank me. Hard." I nervously took another sip of my wine, finding my mouth suddenly incredibly dry.
"And...and he'd make me risk exposing myself in public...have me take off my clothes in his car, or...or once he had me go into a convenience store wearing only a slip and lingerie, to buy condoms."
I clasped my hands together in my lap, trying to control my arousal.
"And...and he loved to sodomize me," I added quietly.
James looked at me, a look of wry amusement on his face.
"Do you enjoy anal sex, Tammy?" he asked finally.
"I...yes, I do," I said. "I wouldn't let Jack, um, take me that way for years, but once I finally let him try it, I...I really liked it. And Derek loved it."
James took another sip of his drink, and looked up to the ceiling, then looked at me.
"In all of my years of getting to know shared wives, that always seems to be the best predictor of a woman's interest – if she's kinky enough to enjoy her husband's cock in her ass, she's probably kinky enough to enjoy another man's cock in her ass, too."
A long silence hung over the room, which was getting progressively darker with the sun's disappearance.
"Remove your blouse, Tammy," James said finally. I gulped, and straightened up in my chair, thinking perhaps this "interview" might be coming to an end, and my hunger for an orgasm might soon be relieved. Slowly, carefully, I unbuttoned each button on the front of my blouse, then pulled it off my body, and tossed it on the chair next to me. I sat looking at James, waiting for him to move to me, to touch me, to order me to my knees and unzip his trousers...
Instead, he gazed admiringly at my body, his eyes lingering on the satin-and-lace bra I was wearing.
"You have beautiful breasts, Tammy."
"Th-...thank you," I said, somewhat confused as to why he wasn't moving out of his chair.
"Your husband...Jack, is it? How did he react when you finally had sex with Derek?"
I pressed my thighs together, the removal of my blouse having stoked my arousal still further.
"He...he always seemed to, um, really enjoy it," I said. "I was initially afraid he'd become really jealous or he'd want to scrap the whole idea or something," I added, "but it always seemed to just be an incredible turn-on for him."
"Did Derek wear a condom when he fucked you?"
"No, I...I always let him take me bareback. But I've got an IUD, so the, um, birth control thing was taken care of."
"Did Jack ever watch you and Derek?" James asked.
"Yes...he'd...he'd watch, or we'd make it a three-way sometimes," I said. "The first time Derek took my ass, my husband was there, in my...in my pussy," I said. "And I loved being taken by the two of them at the same time."
James twirled his drink again. "And when your husband wasn't there? What would happen then?"
"I'd go to Derek's house, or sometimes he'd come over to my house, or we'd go for a drive in his car, and I'd...I'd tell Jack all the details later. Jack loved taking me after Derek had taken me."
"Would Jack perform oral sex on you after Derek had taken you?"
I shifted again on the chair. "Yes...he would," I stammered. "He...I had asked for Jack to, uh, go down on me, after the first time Derek had fucked me, and...after the first time I fellated Derek, I kissed Jack afterwards. It was an intense turn-on for me, that my husband was so aroused by what I'd done...that he'd be tasting Derek's come in me. It...it helped reassure me that he really, truly wanted me to..to be with another man."
James considered my answer for a long moment.
"Has Jack ever expressed an interest in being with other women?"
"No, he...he hasn't ever said anything," I said after thinking about it for a moment. "It always seemed like the turn-on for him was me getting...taken. He calls it watching me being consumed by pure lust."
"Pure lust, eh?" James said. "That can be pretty powerful stuff."
The room seemed to darken further, and every inch of my skin seemed to tingle with hot anticipation. James leaned back in his chair, crossing one leg over the other.
"What sorts of things do you fantasize about, Tammy? That you haven't already done with Derek and your husband?"
I looked down at my lap for a moment, noticing that my erect nipples were clearly visible through my bra. I closed my eyes, and licked my lips, as I decided which fantasies I'd admit to.
"I...my, um...I've always had a, uh, really intense fantasy...that I was blindfolded..." I looked up at James, his blue eyes seemingly lit from within, like beacons in the soft twilight enveloping the room. "And that I was being auctioned...and I was just wearing lingerie...and men were bidding to, um, to own me."
I gulped again, and took another sip of wine.
"And...I have another one...that I'm bound, helpless, and I'm being punished...spanked...in front of a group of men, and the men are all aroused by, um, by watching me be punished, and when the punishment is done, they all take me, one after the other..."
I stopped, not sure whether I should continue with further details. James looked at me, and picked up his glass.
"Remove your skirt, if you please, Tammy," he instructed.
Grateful for the opportunity to move, I slowly stood, reached behind me and unclasped and unzipped my skirt. With a tug or two, it slid down my stockinged legs, and puddled at the floor by my feet.
"Very nice ensemble, Tammy," James said, looking me up and down, as I stood there in my stockings, thong, garter belt and bra. "Did you wear that just for me?"
"Yes, yes I did," I whispered, flattered by his comments.
"Turn around, please," he commanded.
I slowly turned my back to him, and stood there for what seemed to be an agonizingly long moment.
"Mmmmm, you have an absolutelybeautifulass, Tammy," James said in a husky voice. "Taking a woman's ass is always wonderful, and I know that sodomizing you is going to be an especially exquisite pleasure."
"Thank you," I managed to say, hoping that his comment might be the last step of foreplay – my pussy seemed to be throbbing in moist heat.
"And your skin is so enticinglypale, Tammy," James added admiringly a moment later. "Such an inviting contrast to your stockings and garters."
I sensed him continuing to gaze at my backside.
"And I'll wager your flesh reddens beautifully when you're punished, Tammy," he said. I caught my breath as I heard him stand behind me.
"Allow me to see for myself?" he said. I turned to look at him, seeing him removing the belt from his trousers. "Please, bend over the table, and stretch your arms out in front of you."
As if hypnotized, I turned and faced the table, moving forward slightly so that my thighs pressed against the edge. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw James double his belt over in his hands, as I placed my hands on the table in front of me, and slowly lowered my torso to the smooth, cool table top.
I closed my eyes and bit my lip as I sensed James move to my left, and slightly behind me. He placed his left hand firmly on the small of my back, and a moment later I heard the "swish" of the belt, followed by a loud, painful SLAP across my ass. I jolted at the impact, and James' hand didn't move from my lower back.
Another swish, and another SLAP, this time striking lower than the first blow, and James removed his hand from my back, and stepped away to admire his work.
"Yes, just as I imagined, Tammy – lovely red welts on your lovely white skin."
I stayed bent over the table, wondering if my posture – my pussy and ass both offered -- might encourage my companion to sate his own desires? After a moment, I opened my eyes, to see James putting his belt back on, and picking up his drink.
"Thank you for allowing me that, Tammy – I can certainly understand why Derek enjoyed spanking you."
He finished his drink, and gestured for me to return to my seat. I stood up from the table, and returned to the chair, the soft, cool leather of the seat feeling so soothing against my bare, welted bottom.
"More wine?" he asked, as he approached the table with the opened bottle. "Yes, please," I managed to say, holding up my glass as he refilled it. He returned to the bar, and took the top off of the ice bucket.
"Oh dear," he said, looking into the bucket, then at me. "We seem to be all out of ice. Tammy, would you mind running down to the ice machine and refilling the ice bucket? It's right next to the elevator."
He slowly walked to me, and put the ice bucket on the table in front of me.
"And no need to put your skirt and blouse back on – I'd like you to go get the ice just the way you are."
I looked at James – his eyes sparkled, and the firmness of his voice aroused me intensely. I felt like I did when Derek wanted me to risk exposing myself – incredibly turned on.
I took a sip of wine, then stood and took the ice bucket in hand, and walked to the hotel suite door, my heart pounding as James opened it for me, and I stepped out into the hallway, wearing nothing but high heels, stockings, garter belt, thong and bra.
"I'll be waiting right here," James said, smiling, as he shut the door, leaving me standing in the hallway.
I took a deep breath, then quickly looked up and down the empty corridor, finally remembering the direction to the bank of elevators. I quickly walked down the hall, imagining that every door I was about to pass was about to open, and I would confront a hotel guest, who would see me wearing nothing but my intimate apparel.
Finally, I reached the room with the ice machine, and quickly stuck the ice bucket into the machine and pressed the button. Just as the ice cubes started tumbling noisily into the bucket, I heard noises from the elevator shaft, that the elevator was moving.
Tiny bits of ice flew out of the ice bucket and hit my bare skin, and I heard the elevator stop a floor or two below me. Grabbing the bucket, I walked back out into the hallway, and quickly back to James' room, knocking urgently on the door. I stood there, almost panicked, as I saw the light by the elevator turn on, and started to hear the elevator doors open.
James opened the door, and I rushed inside, breathless and aroused from my risky errand. He smiled as he took the ice bucket from me, and casually returned to the bar, filling his glass with ice and refilling it with bourbon.
"Thank you for that, Tammy," he said, sitting down again, and gesturing for me to do the same. I sank into the chair, my frustration growing...
"You found that arousing, Tammy?" he asked with a smile.
I took a couple of breaths, trying to control my pounding heart. "Yes...yes I did, James," I whispered finally.
"I thought so," he replied. "Perhaps next time I'll have you run down to the lobby to pick up a newspaper for me, dressed like that."
I shuddered – he had to be joking, didn't he?.
And yet the thought was so incredibly arousing...
"James, can I ask how long you and your wife...how long you've shared your wife?" I asked, finally giving in to the curiosity I'd had since he'd mentioned that at the bar earlier in the evening.
"Jennifer and I have been married twelve years, Tammy, and I've shared her for the last ten. She's out on a 'date' right now, in fact, with a couple of her favorite men," he replied, checking his watch. "In fact, they're probably wrapping up dinner right about now, and they'll probably go out for a little dancing before heading back to our house to...finish the evening," he said with a wink.
He took a sip of his drink, and continued. "She's a few years younger than I am, and before we got engaged, I told her that if we were to get married, I'd expect her to be with other men, and I would be with other women. She eventually agreed in principle, before we got married, but it took a couple of years after we got married for her to be comfortable enough with the idea to try it."
A broad grin crossed his face. "And I think if you asked her, she'd tell you that she enjoys it at least as much as I do at this point." He smiled at some particular memory, and then redirected his attention to me.
"Have you ever been with another woman, Tammy?" he asked, resuming his questioning.
"No...I haven't," I replied. "And Jack's the only man I had ever been with, before Derek."
"Have you ever fantasized about being with another woman?" James continued.
"I...I wouldn't say fantasized, really. I guess you could say I'm curious...it's something I'd be willing to try, I guess." Looking at James, I suspected that my willingness would be tested – and I shuddered in anticipation of another taboo to be broken.
"How long have you been wearing the anklet, Tammy?"
I rubbed my hands on my stockings, again trying to get on top of my arousal. "Just a few weeks – Jack bought it for me when he was on a business trip, and he told me about the shared wife symbol but...I thought he was just making that all up. I guess he wasn't, huh?"
James nodded in agreement, then took a long drink of his bourbon, setting the glass on the table and standing. He retrieved his jacket from the back of his chair, and put it on.
"Tammy, I want to thank you so much for spending a little time with me this evening, I greatly enjoyed it."
I stood as well, enormously confused that the evening was apparently being brought to a platonic close.
"I...um, I enjoyed it too, but, ah, don't you, um want to...uh, you know..." I stuttered, standing there in my lingerie, the combined effects of two-plus glasses of wine and hours of sexual arousal combining into an incredible, unsatiated horniness...
"You mean, don't I want to fuck you, Tammy?" James said with a smile. "Of course I do. Jennifer and I play with a number of other couples who all participate in sharing their spouses. Before I – or anyone else in the group -- would be able to enjoy you, I need you and your husband to go visit one of the members of our little group, Dr. Fairchild, who will make sure you're both drug- and disease-free. Once your test results come back, assuming you're both clean, it will be my pleasure to help...initiate you."
"And," he added with a wink, "I think you'll enjoy the exam at the clinic more than the usual doctor's appointment."
James leaned down, and gave me a polite peck on the cheek, and then raised his hand to cup one of my breasts.
"If you can't wait until you get home for an orgasm," he whispered in my ear, "you'll find a bag of vibrators and other little toys in the next room. You're welcome to enjoy them, and take them home with you – think of it as my 'goodie bag' for your time this evening."
"Dr. Fairchild's office will be in touch," he said, as he gave my breast a final squeeze, turned and walked out of the hotel suite, leaving me standing there in my heels and lingerie, utterly consumed with my hunger for release...
Two hours later, after several orgasms induced by my fingers and the toys James had left for me, I, too, left the hotel suite, to return home to a husband who would no doubt be as surprised – and aroused – by this evening's events as I had been.
And still was...
...to be continued