Just a little note, there is no one under 18 in this story.
*
She knew that he was going to be bored.
She was a nurse in the Army and had to go where she was sent, and with the pandemic she was being sent to the other side of the country to help in one of the hardest hit communities along with 100 other medical personnel from her district.
He had been laid off from his job for two weeks already, due to the pandemic, and he was going to be alone at their small house for potentially her entire deployment, which might be up to 6 months.
When she suggested going to stay with relatives, he had said that he would be fine, there was plenty of things to "fix" around the house and as much as he loved his family, there were reasons he had moved out at 18.
They had recently purchased their first house together. It was a small cottage about 30 minutes from the base, nestled in a very isolated area of the country-side.
As an outdoorsy couple, they bought this place because of the isolation, as well as for the hiking trails, rock climbing, places to kayak and because they had no neighbours within sight.
They had tried to make the most of the days leading up to her deployment, including being very sexually active: they had made love in every room of their house; on the deck; on the hiking trail, although, that was definitely more fucking than making love.
The morning of her leaving, he had eaten her little pussy on the breakfast table and then fucked her bent over the kitchen table and then showered with her and had sex in there too.
She laughed, "everyone will know what we have been up to because I am going to be walking funny for a week, thanks to you."
Shortly before 8 am, a jeep had been sent to pick her up and when they heard the "honk" from the driver, he carried her bags out to her waiting ride.
She kissed him long and hard before saying their good-byes, and he watched the jeep until it disappeared down the gravel road, then he stood and watched the empty road for another 10 minutes before going into the empty house.
He sat for a long time, looking at the unmade bed, the dishes they had hastily pushed aside on the table. He could still detect the sweet scent of her sex in the air. This was her first deployment of their marriage and he already missed her.
Shaking himself back to reality, he went to the list of jobs that needed to be done, and started on the very first one ... "cleaning the house."
He did the dishes, washed the sheets, vacuumed the floors and started to settle into a routine that would become his existence for the foreseeable future. He knew that he would accomplish a lot, but he also knew that none of those things would help him not miss her.
One day became two, and two became four, and so on.
Each day he ran and worked out as well as doing all of the chores that come with buying a new old house. He planned on repainting the house inside and out, as well as doing some landscaping. Day by day he knew he would get everything done.
Each night, he would work on the interior, watch a little TV or read, and then around midnight, because of the time zone difference, he would skype her as much as the wonky internet allowed in this remote location.
They would talk about the things they each had done that day; he was especially interested in all the things that she did and the people they were trying to help.
In those first nights, he learned that she was bunking with, Rachel, another young nurse and very good friend that she known from college and basic training.
Each night they also saved some time for sexting, and she laughed saying that they would likely both get carpal tunnel syndrome because of all the masturbating that they were doing each night.
On the 10th day, she texted him and said that she had left a surprise for him.
"If you look in my drawer where I keep my sex toys, you will find a jar. Inside the jar are some little envelopes with some naughty dares that I left for you, 1 envelope for each 10 days."
"There are two rules: you have to do them in the order that I labelled them, and secondly, you have to take a picture of you doing whatever I have asked you to do and send it too me."
"Do you accept?"
He typed, "YES!"
She replied, "You couldn't have even found the envelopes yet :)"
He went to the drawer and took out her small butt plug and set it on the bed, then her big purple dildo, then her big bottle of lube, then their strap-on pegger as he called it, her butterfly vibrator and the remote control, the big butt plug that they shared, several blindfolds, some rope, a black silk blindfold, and finally a large mason jar filled with envelopes.
He put everything back in the drawer and then opened the first of envelope.
"Day 10 - Except for the hair on your head, shave all of your body hair off and stay smooth from now on."
They had talked about this doing this before, he wasn't as hairy as some men, but she had thought it would be nice if they matched because she kept herself bare all the time and she loved how it felt. She often complained that giving her oral sex was much nicer for him than it was for her because he didn't have to bury his face in a forest of hair, and he had to agree that she had a point.
Going into the bathroom, he took a pair of scissors and left a pile of blonde hair on the floor, after trimming as close as he dared.
Next he took out the shaving crème and starting from his chest down, he proceeded to shave everything, his pits, his arms, his cock and balls, his butt which was a little tricky, his legs, and feet, 30 minutes later he was finished and he had to admit, it felt pretty awesome.
He laid on their bed and took a dozen selfies to show her the new smoother version of himself and a short video of himself stroking his cock and then cumming all over his chest, and then taking his fingers he finished the video with by licking the cum from his fingers.
Given the time difference, he figured it would be a few hours before he would get a response.
"That's so incredibly hot that you did that for me, I've had always had a thing for smooth men, and the last part with eating your own cum was so naughty," she texted at 6am her time.
They texted while she ate breakfast and then she went to work and he resumed the daily routine.
He knew that tonight, as soon as she was alone, her fingers would be working her pussy while watching his video over and over again.
Truth be told, he actually liked the feeling of his skin being smooth and he knew that despite the time it took to stay shaved, it would not be more than 30 or so minutes a couple times a week which was a small price to pay for her liking it.
That night, she sent some pictures of her making herself orgasm from the video he had sent.
"By the way, Rachel thought the pictures and video were really hot too."
"You showed the pictures of me to her?
"And the video, I didn't think you would mind, in fact, I thought it would turn you on, since you have always been a bit of an exhibitionist."
"Right as always, I'm hard right now even thinking about you both looking at me naked."
She giggled, "You were more than just naked!"
His steady routine resumed and combined with repair and painting work, the daily workouts, and evening sexting and updates; the days passed by enjoyably and then day 20 finally arrived, it was his reward, something he was looking forward to.
That morning, the first really warm day he had seen in a while, he awoke excited and opened the envelope marked Day 20, while he ate breakfast.
"Each sunny day from now on, I want you to sun bathe in the nude for at least 1 hour a day, you can read or relax, but I want you tanned all over when I get back."
All his life, he had never had an "all-over tan," it was one of the things he had wanted her to have, he loved the thought of her naked little body, bronzing in the sun, with no bra or panty lines.
He day-dreamed about rubbing sun screen onto her back, massaging onto her tight beautiful ass, using his fingers between her cheeks, and down her long legs. Then, after a while having her turn over and doing the same thing to her perky 34B's and her flat stomach and tasty little pussy.
It hadn't occurred to him that she might fantasize about doing that to him. He knew she liked to massage and caress his body, not just his muscles and cock, but she seemed to be mesmerized by his butt, she was always touching and kissing it.
The strap-on was one of her first sex toys, not just because her and Rachel had been lovers in college, but because she liked to peg him as often as she could. He had never done that before meeting her, but just like the shaving, he had to admit, it felt pretty awesome.
More often than not, after sex he was as likely to be walking a little funny as might she.
After working all morning, he showered and lathered up with the sunscreen and laid out on the deck for the allotted time, each sunny day taking some pictures for her. Sometimes stroking himself, and a few times with the small butt plug in place as a pleasant surprise for her and also for him.
Each night, he would get a review from both the nurses on the progress of his tanning, and how wet he made them both.
By Day 30, he had experienced 8 sunny days since day 20, and his tan was coming along very nicely.
Several times he wondered if Rachel and his wife were sleeping together again.
He didn't mind, in fact before she was transferred to another unit, his wife and Rachel were a couple long before he had met her and he knew they would always be more than just friends. His wife liked sex, and a lot of it, not just from him, but from Rachel as well.
Although the three of them had never gone to bed together, he had always sensed that it was only a matter of time.
On the night before Day 30, his wife and Rachel had asked him to open the third envelope before they said goodnight, he agreed and tore open the envelope.
"Today, when you go for your 10km run, you must not wear any clothes."
The hoots and hollering from both nurses were so loud that he thought it might break the speaker on his phone. He promised to send them pictures from different places on his run.
Despite the bravado, he was a little nervous about this one, he almost never saw anyone when he ran. His run was mostly along trails and unopened road allowances, which should be safe. He also considered that if he did see someone, hopefully, he might have time to hide.
About mid-afternoon he sent a text saying he was getting ready.
"What do you have to get ready, you just need shoes silly?"
"And bug spray and a lot more sun tan lotion than normal, here's a pic for you and Rachel."
He set off down the same dusty road she had left on, a month ago.
"Now I understand why women wear sports bras," he laughed to himself, as his cock bounced around so much that he thought he might cum just from that.
After a mile or so, he settled into a rhythm and was enjoying the warm heat of the sun. He was enjoying the day so much; he almost didn't hear the engine of a tractor.
Finally recognizing the sound, he almost panicked, looking quickly around for a hiding place, he ducked into the long grass near the road and laid down.
The noise of the tractor grew louder and then he saw a flash of red as the tractor passed, oblivious to the naked body in the long grass only 10 feet from the road. He realized that if the farmer had looked over on his left, given the height of the tractor the grass would have not hid him nor his erection.
"She'll like this," and he took a picture of that and a selfie laying in the long grass.
Resuming his run, he soon left the road and started onto the trail. Except for startling a deer, he didn't see anyone, it wasn't until he was almost home that his luck ran out.
He had just come back onto the road from the trail and was only about 300 yards from the safety of his house when he saw the mailman. He hadn't heard the engine of the vehicle because it was on the far side of a small rise and when it drove over the top he was right there on the other side.
Seeing a tanned, completely shaved, and utterly naked runner was not a normal thing that you saw while delivering mail, especially a runner sporting a huge erection bouncing in front of him, so to say he thought he was in serious trouble was a major league understatement.
Then he realized the mailman wasn't a man, it was a woman, and he knew who she was, or at least he had seen her before. It would turn out the regular guy was sick and she was filling in.
She pulled up to him and she smiled at the sight.
In her early fifties, and very attractive, he remembered seeing her from time to time working in the Post Office and each time he had remembered her nice smile and long legs.
She was laughing now, as she opened her window. He made no effort to hide or runaway, she had him cold. To tell the truth, he was kind of excited to be caught by an attractive woman, even if she was old enough to be his mother.
"You see a lot of unusual things when you deliver the mail, but you are the best thing I have seen for a long time," she said while staring at his cock, then had him turn around by gesturing with her finger in a circular motion.
"I didn't think I would like any guy that was shaved bare, but on you, god it looks sexy," she added with a slow whistle.
"Don't worry honey, I won't say a word to anyone, but boy you do look delicious, especially with that nice tan."
"That's a relief, I'm glad you are not upset or mad," he said relaxing a little.
"Are you kidding, if I didn't have to deliver the mail, I would bundle you into the back and take you home."
Then she said, "I won't tell on you honey, but my price for silence is that I would really like to have a picture of you with me so I could think about you later?"
She got out of her truck and they stood on the side of the road with her hand over his shoulder and his hand resting around her nice ass as he took a picture for her of them both and then one with his phone that he had taped with Velcro to his forearm.
"This makes my day honey," and she slapped his ass and climbed back into her truck.
"I hope that I see you around more," she said as she did up the window and honked her horn as she left for the next mailbox.
Standing naked in the road, he texted his wife with the picture and then ran the last little bit before going in for a shower.
His wife and Rachel, loved the picture and the story about how the mail lady had responded.
Rachel said, "she sounds like fun, hopefully she gets to see more of you."
He had been thinking the same thing.
The next night, all three of them spent more than an hour talking about the "weekly dare" game.
"Are you going to ask him," Rachel asked my wife and nudged her arm on the screen, they both looked a little mischievous.
"Ask me what?"
"If the opportunity came up for me to have a little fun with Rachel, would you mind?"
He laughed, "hell, I already thought that you two were sleeping together, you both are a long way away from home in a difficult spot, I totally understand and don't have any issues, if you two want to have fun together."
"Thanks' sweetie," and they both moved a little closer together, "we didn't want to do anything unless you were cool with it."
As she said that, both women turned and kissed on the lips, a long passionate French kiss.
"I'm okay, and maybe when all of this is over, Rachel might consider being with both of us."
My wife eyes sparkled, "you would be okay with that?"
"Of course, I know how you feel about each other, and who knows where this might go."
Rachel said, "I would love that so much, to be with you both would be incredible."
They said goodnight, he knew the two of them would have fun, and he feel asleep dreaming about the three of them sharing his very empty bed.
The weather was warming up with each passing day and his daily routine was making a big difference, most of the cottage was painted, the yard was taking shape, and he had converted more of his body to very tanned muscle through the running, the physical work, and sun bathing.
A while ago, he had taken to doing the yard work naked, and one day while working in the back yard, he heard the sound of the mail truck.
He remained out of sight of the road while it approached and was surprised to hear the vehicle turn into his driveway. He moved to the corner of the garage and peered around the corner.
It was the mail lady; she was walking up to his door to leave a parcel.
"Hello," he said as he stepped into full view of her.
"I had hoped to catch you at home, I have been thinking about you and I am so glad to find you naked again," she winked at him as she walked towards him smiling.
"I can't stay long, but I was hoping to get some more pictures, if you didn't mind?" she looked at him like a wolf looks at a sheep.
"Sure, what would you like, I've thought about you quite a bit as well," he was sure she could tell, because his cock was standing at attention and her eyes were glued to it.
"How about over by the dog house," there was a dog house from the previous owner that he hadn't bothered to get rid of yet, in fact the chain and heavy collar were still inside the little structure.
"Perfect," he replied and she had him pose a few different sexy ways while she snapped lots of pictures.
Spying the collar and chain, she smiled and asked him if he would put the dog collar on for her.
At this point, he would have done just about anything for her, CFNM had always been one of his favorite fantasies.
He buckled the thick collar into place as she took some more pictures, then finally she asked him to get on all fours and she took some more pictures, he could see the impressions her hard nipples were making in her uniform blouse and swore he could see wetness spreading in her slacks between her legs.
When she had taken some more pictures, she came and stood in front of him and undid the collar, then she placed her hands on his cock.
"I looked at those pictures so much, your wife is a very lucky woman," she said and started stroking his cock.
He was so horny that he came really quickly, she smiled and took a little cum that was dripping from his cock and tasted it.
"Mmmmmmm, I'm going to try to get your route as often as I can," she smiled.
"I can't wait to deliver more things to you and to your wife," she whispered and then as quickly as she arrived, she was leaving.
"You know, neither rain nor snow, or sexy customers, can stop the mail," she laughed as she turned her vehicle around and left the driveway.
He texted his wife and Rachel, and both were excited by the story and said they would have liked to have seen him with the collar and chain on too.
"Maybe when we get back, we can do a little puppy play, just the three of us," we had never done much role-playing, but he had to admit, it was very exciting to think about it.
The next few days were not nearly as exciting and he just stuck to the routine.
On the 39th day, he received some good news and bad news, the bad news was that both Rachel and his wife had contracted a mild case of the virus and would have to go into quarantine for one week, but the good news was that when released, they would be sent home early.
Making things even better, Rachel had arranged for a transfer to the same base as his wife.
The next morning, he saved opening the envelope until both Rachel and his wife would be awake to see what instructions this one held.
When they were both ready, he opened the envelope.
"Today, you will hike naked to the top of the escarpment and film yourself masturbating and submit it to our favorite porn site."
A few months ago, they had submitted an amateur video one night after too much red wine and silliness.
The quality wasn't very good, but they thought it was pretty hot, with them engaged in a pegging party. They had made sure their faces were never clearly shown, but she had fucked his ass after he had licked her pussy and rimmed her ass.
It had got posted in the amateur section and received a few hundred likes and views.
As he prepared to complete this task, he got Rachel and his wife to allow him to wear socks and his hiking boots, they agreed that being completely naked wouldn't be fair.
Like his naked run, he was a little nervous about getting caught. The trails were technically closed due to the pandemic, but many locals ignored the potential fines and still were hiking. He worried about running into hikers or an overeager bylaw officer, he might get out of a fine for hiking, but not for hiking nude.
With his wool socks, hiking boots, sun screen, bug spray, phone, and a red bandana he set out for the 30-minute hike to the lookout.
When he arrived at the start of the trail, he was relieved to see the parking lot was empty. Soon he was sweating as he made his way up the steep trail. He paused to take a couple of pictures of the view of the valley and of himself.
Arriving at the top without incident, he set up his camera and laid in the warm sun. He forced his hands to stop shaking and tried to relax. The top of the escarpment was free of trees and could be seen for miles around.
He attached the red bandana and covered the lower part of his face then he pressed the record button and started.
Running his hands over his smooth skin and tanned muscles he felt the blood rushing to his cock. As his left hand stroked his shaft and balls, he used his left hand to force his cheeks apart and rub his ass.
Working his cock and thinking about his wife and Rachel watching this later, it only took a few minutes before he felt that familiar surge and his cum shot out of his cock all over his stomach.
He fought the anxiety to jump up and get out of there and used his fingers to scoop up the cum and brought it up under the bandana and licked them clean.
Only when he was finished did he get up and turn off the video. Checking the start and finish, he attached it to an email and submitted it and then sent a copy to his wife.
He was barely starting down the trail, when he heard voices. He looked for cover and rushed over to a couple of old oak trees and hid behind their thick trucks. If they had been even 20 minutes sooner, they would have caught the end of his performance and him quite literally.
The voices grew louder and he heard the barking of a small dog, suddenly worried about being caught by a poodle or another small dog that wasn't on a leash, he held his breath.
The voices approached and then started to fade away, along with the barking of the dog.
Quietly relieved, he was just about to leave his hiding spot and get the hell out of there, when a second set of voices could be heard.
He barely had time to get behind the tree again, when two middle aged women appeared on the trail. They stopped for a moment and stared at his tree, one of them saying, she was sure that she had seen something. After waiting for a few moments, they continued on.
He was sure that he covered the 30-minute downward hike in about 30 seconds after that.
The video was as rough as their first one, but it got many more likes and views. His wife and Rachel thought it was incredibly hot and he was sure they were responsible for many of the likes.
The next few days were spent on the regular routine, he was planning on going to pickup the girls the next day and had gotten virtually all of the jobs finished.
Late in the afternoon, he was just doing the dishes, when he got a text.
"We're back a day early, we were able to catch a better military flight, a jeep will drop us off in about 2 hours, we can't wait to see you."
The house was ready for them, he was excited, not just because of seeing his wife again, but also to see Rachel, the constant skyping and texts had made him eager to share his wife's relationship with her.
His wife texted, "Stay out of sight until the jeep leaves, we want you greet us naked."
He didn't say that he was already planning that too, he just replied, "I can't wait to see you both."
A few hours later, the jeep was just pulling out of the driveway when he stepped out from behind the house, more muscular and very tanned ...