I'm Your Nekkid Handyman
David was enjoying lunch in the park like he did everyday during the summer. He liked to eat his lunch under the towering oak tree in the shade of the warm sunshine. There were birds chirping, a nice breeze and lots of people watching to do. It was, by far, the most enjoyable part of his day.
The best part of his day, however, was walking down the path to meet him.
Jenny, the 28 year old nanny of one of his clients was currently headed in his direction. She had the baby stroller in tow and carrying her own lunch.
Ever since they ran into each other 2 months ago near the playground, they met here for lunch. Rain or shine, they haven't missed a day yet. They would stretch out in the grass and talk about their day or the kids or their spouses. Her kid was Luke, the son of her employer and one of the clients that he did frequent remodeling jobs for. His kid was his son Jasper. They were roughly both the same age and the reason they both hit it off so well initially.
After that first encounter, they met and talked about their jobs and their spouses. Or, rather, they complained about their spouses.
Jenny had been a nanny for the Andersons for 2 years now and David had been a contractor/handyman for 6. He had worked on the Anderson's house a couple of times and crossed paths with Jenny as she cared for their son. They hadn't really spoken, but easily recognized each other that first day in the park.
David had taken his son there to play on the swings and saw Jenny with the Anderson's child. He introduced himself and said hi just to be polite. But, after an hour of hanging out and watching the kids, they started to enjoy each other's company. So, it was only natural that they continued to share friendly lunches in the park.
At first it was just having another human to spend some time with. It soon developed into a true friendship, and each of them looked forward to the daily meetings. They liked to catch up on the kids and to just talk about their daily lives. After a while, it became clear that neither one of them was overly happy with their home lives. It soon progressed to full on bitch sessions about their spouses and each day there was something new to bitch about.
Jenny was sincerely funny and kind of a smart ass, and it was fun to trade marriage war stories. It didn't take long to get around to their sex lives, or to be more accurate, lack of sex lives. At first it was little jabs and quips about the amount of sex they weren't having. But it soon turned into discussing their true frustrations and needs.
At first, David just thought of her as a cute, bubbly young woman. Easy on the eyes for sure, but nothing more. After hearing her tales of her husband's neglect of her needs, he saw her in a different light. She had gorgeous blue eyes and was very attractive. He always thought young women were pretty, but never really noticed how attractive Jenny actually was. Sensual is a word that comes to mind.
She had long, dark hair that framed her face perfectly and a body accentuated by soft, womanly curves. Every inch of her looked soft and delicate and cried out to be touched. She would be considered voluptuous. David suddenly became aware of her as a very desirable woman and could not understand why her husband would not want to pounce on her every chance he got.
David, on the other hand was pretty average as far as men go. Average height, average weight and attractive but not what woman would consider overly sexy. He did have a decently muscled body from his job. Toned but bot buff or muscular.
It soon dawned on him that he was good friends with a very sexy lady. Not that he could do anything about it. It just made their bond stronger and gave him a little more reason to get excited for lunchtime.
One day, as they were talking about their jobs, she asked how much he charged for the work he did. He explained that he charged different rates for different jobs and gave her a basic rough quote for a simple job he commonly did that involved painting and millwork. She said that was interesting and left it at that.
A week later, during their lunchtime meeting, it was raining so they ate lunch in his truck. They talked about the usual daily job and spousal neglect. She seemed like she had something more to say but couldn't get it out.
"Is something on your mind, Jenny?"
"Oh...nothing really. I was just thinking of something to ask you but don't know how to bring it up."
"What is it? You can ask me anything."
"Well, I have this idea. I would like to redecorate my husband's home office. You know, hang shelves, add a bookcase and a nicer desk and paint it. The problem is, I want to do it as a surprise so I can't ask him for the money, and I don't think I have enough money to pay you for it. Not right away, anyway."
"That's alright, we can work out a way you can make payments and I can give you a good deal as a friend. Basically just supplies and I would throw in the labor for free."
"I can't ask you to do that."
"Nonsense, you're my friend. That's what friends are for."
"You mean it? You would really do it?"
"Of course, but I would probably need you to provide beer...fringe benefits, you know."
"That would be great, you are the best."
"Beautiful women rarely say that to me," I joked.
She just blushed and we set up a time later that week when I could stop by and do some measuring and make an estimate.
Two days later they met for lunch at her house. This was the first lunch they ever had outside of the park. It took about 15 minutes to get the basic measurements and talk over her options. It was a fairly simple job and would take about 3 days to finish.
"Three days would be perfect. Daniel leaves for a work trip in 2 weeks and will leave on a Monday and be gone until Friday. Would that work for you?"
"That actually works out fine since I am finishing up another job and can easily fit this in before the next one starts."
"Awesome, you are the best." With that, she jumped up and hugged him close for several moments.
In all of the weeks they have been meeting each other. This was the first real physical contact they had. It was surprising but not unwelcome at all. David loved the feel of Jenny in his arms. And while the hug only lasted for 10-15 seconds, every soft curve of her body was now locked away in his mind. Even the gentle, flowery scent of her was forever burned into his senses.
He was enjoying the contact immensely, but he quickly realized the closeness of her body was causing a definite reaction down below. It was surprising how fast his body reacted to hers. His erection was almost instantaneous. He prayed to god that she didn't notice his reaction. She was smiling and acting her usual bubbly self so he was able to remain cam=lm knowing that his secret was safe and there wouldn't be any awkwardness between them.
He thanked her for the hug and they casually finished their lunch as usual. He gave her some instructions about cleaning and preparing the office before he arrived to work on it, then left to return to his job across town.
He relived the feeling of her pressed against him all day long and for many days after.
Jenny didn't know why she jumped up and hugged David, but it felt natural and like the right thing to do. She too noticed David's reaction to their closeness. At first she was somewhat shocked and tried to put it out of her mind and act like nothing happened. But she couldn't just put it out of her mind.
Sure, David was attractive. He has a super sexy roughness about him that she couldn't deny. But they were friends, so she never dwelled on it. But this was different. H was clearly aroused. Very aroused, and it happened so fast.
Did he feel that way about her the whole time? She doubted that. She would have picked up on it. Sure they flirted a bit, but it was harmless. It was probably the fact that he wasn't getting any sex at home. It was just a natural reaction she guessed.
But it was a very prominent reaction. She could tell that for sure from the brief contact. It was indeed large enough to notice right away and pretty hard. In fact, it must have been very hard to happen that quickly.
The more she tried to put it out of her mind, the more she thought about it. All through making dinner it crept back into her thoughts. She could feel him nudging her tummy when they hugged. She tried to do a mental calculation.
If he was so tall...and his thing touched her tummy...it had to be about so big, and she held her fingers out to guesstimate the length.
"Oh my," she whispered.
Maybe not pornstar big, but plenty big...and hard.
As she was drawing a bath, thoughts of David crept into her head again. It was then that she realized that she, herself, was aroused. She could feel the telltale dampness between her legs. It was exciting and embarrassing at the same time. As she settled into the warm bath, her mind drifted to David's penis, and his hands, and his body. Before she realized it, she was squeezing her hard nipples and moaning out loud. She quickly stopped fondling herself, ashamed at her own reaction. She had never allowed herself to become aroused from another man before. And she had certainly never touched herself while thinking of another man.
Well, there were a few times thinking about the odd movie star or famous musician. But, she had never pleasured herself thinking of another actual man she knew other than her husband. But, come to think of it, she hadn't pleasured herself to her husband in a long time either. Their sex life had all but vanished and the frustration of that left her a little cold.
Sure she masturbated out of frustration lately, but it was purely from physical need and she rarely thought of anyone and almost never enjoyed it. This was different though. She was looking forward to the possibility of masturbating alone in the tub. It had been a while since she felt the desire to touch herself rather than just the need.
She actually felt like a young girl thinking of her latest crush as her fingers ultimately found their way into the soft, wet folds of her pussy. She closed her eyes as her finger made initial contact. It had been so long that she was pleasantly surprised at the feeling of warmth that spread over her body as her finger parted the delicate lips. The bath water provided the initial lubricant to allow her finger easy access, but soon her own slippery secretions allowed her digit to glide effortlessly through the soft petals of her sex.
That first contact and that first jolt of pleasure caught her off guard. She sighed out loud and squeezed her thighs instinctively around her hand. She also crushed her entire breast in her hand and pushed her fingers in deep as all sorts of erotic thoughts filled her head. Most of those thoughts were of David's muscular arms and back and that hard throbbing cock she felt.
In no time at all, Jenny was thrusting her fingers inside herself. And thrusting was an appropriate word. She surprised herself at the ferocity that she was attacking her own pussy. For a girl that didn't masturbate much, she was certainly going at it like a wanton slut. She giggled to herself at this thought.
She decided to slow herself down and savor the experience a little. She allowed her fingers to slip outside and added some pressure to her clit in rhythmic strokes. She could tell that she was well lubricated as her fingers slid easily through her slippery folds. She ground aggressively against her clit as she kept the erotic slideshow going in her mind. This combination kept her building closer and closer to her orgasm.
Then all of a sudden, the lightning bolts of pleasure that started way down inside her, shot outwards to consume her whole body. Her whole body shuddered and spasmed as the waves of pleasure shot through her. Water splashed all over as she lost control of her body in the throes of orgasm until she was reduced to a few short, violent shudders.
"DAMN! Where the hell did that come from?" she asked herself.
As she came down from her orgasm, she was both ashamed at her reaction, but also thrilled with the release and of how this new twist on the relationship would progress. She wasn't sure how she was going to react being in David's presence from now on. Would she even be able to look him in the eye knowing that she has masturbated while thinking totally impure thoughts about him?
She was pretty sure David had no such feelings of curiosity about her, but now she was going to be on the lookout for any signs from him. She was definitely going to be eyeing him with a more curious eye, and most likely creaming herself every time she was around him now.
Over the next couple of weeks, their lunchtime visits were shorter than usual. Mainly because they were each too shy and embarrassed to confront each other's new found feelings. Still, neither guessed that the new feelings were reciprocal in any way.
Eventually, it was time for me to arrive at Jenny's house to begin working. Thankfully, I was so busy and the extra preparations for working on her house kept me pre-occupied enough that I didn't have to dwell on any feelings I was experiencing lately. I did take a little extra time in the shower this morning and made sure I picked out some clean and less drabby work clothes for today.
Jenny had spent at least 2 hours that morning picking and re-picking clothes to wear. God, she felt like a dramatic schoolgirl. She didn't even know why it mattered, the dude was just going to be working and going about his business. She did allow herself a quick thought of David leaning over a sawhorse, sawing boards in half. She mentally conjured up his flexing arms and his cute buns. She was jolted back to reality when the knock on the door came.
She rushed to the door after one last check in the mirror. She found David smiling at her doorstep with a load of tools.
"Good morning. Come on in and set that stuff down," she said.
"Thanks Jenny. I am definitely ready to get rid of this load."
I walked inside and the first thing that hit me was the stifling heat. The second thing was the sundress that was draped over Jenny's curvy body.
"Wow, is it hot in here or is it just me?" I joked.
"I think a little bit of both," she said with a smirk. "I'm sorry, but the air conditioning isn't working and unfortunately there isn't much of a breeze."
"Damn, I may have to lose the shirt before too long."
"Hmmm, I don't see any problem with that at all." I swear her voice got a little lower and a little sultrier as she said it.
"Uh, ok then...I'm just gonna get the rest of my tools and the wood from my truck."
"If you need any help with your wood...um, uh the boards, let me know."
"Sure thing."
It took about a half hour to get stuff set-up, but soon the work was going quickly and smoothly. At first Jenny hung out as I worked and we chatted about various things as we usually did. It didn't take long, however, for her to go about her business and only check in on me periodically.
As the day wore on, the heat got to me more and more. At about 2 o'clock I couldn't take any more and had to take my shirt off. That felt much better, and I just hoped my sweaty body didn't offend her.
"Don't stop on my account...keep going if you want," I heard from behind me.
I turned to see Jenny leaning against the doorway, staring and possibly blushing a little. I could see the sunlight shining through her sundress, outlining every soft curve underneath, It was a sexy silhouette that had me blushing. I must have ogled her in silence too long, because she said sorry and left the room quickly.
I tried to apologize, but wasn't fast enough. I hoped I didn't offend her. As I silently cursed myself, I realized my jeans were becoming a little too tight. The increased pressure and the stifling heat and sweat was making it difficult to move around. I would definitely have to switch to shorts tomorrow.
At about 4 o'clock, I had reached a good stopping point and yelled out to let Jenny know. She came in with two tall glasses of lemonade and offered me one as we sat across from each other looking over the work so far. She had praise and some comments and we talked openly about how the next two days work would progress.
As she sat across from me with a very slight sheen of sweat on her brow, she was absentmindedly rubbed the cool glass across her chest to cool herself down. I sat hypnotized by the erotic sight before me. I was definitely noticing the crowding down below now.
"David? Did you hear me?"
"What? Sorry I missed what you said."
She tilted her head back and asked her question about the paint again, and as she pulled the glass away, I could see the moisture from the icy glass that was now coating her chest. I could see a lone drop of water slowly travel down between her luscious cleavage. I could also feel my cock expand to it's full length and hardness. I absentmindedly reached down to adjust the painful erection that was now displaying obscenely along my thigh.
I could see that her eyes were staring directly at me and had seen my vulgar display and adjustment. I panicked and jumped up and headed for the door.
"I'm sorry, I forgot something...gotta go now, see you tomorrow!"
I headed as quickly as I could for the door and out to my truck.
"David, wait. You don't have to leave," she called after me, but I was already halfway to my truck.
Luckily I had my keys, but I did forget the shirt. Oh well, I couldn't face her now. With that, I sped home with my mind reeling. My main thought was that I hoped I hadn't offended her or that this little scene wouldn't impact our friendship. I made it home in record time, and grabbed a beer and headed for a cold shower. I could use a cooling off both mentally and physically.
Jenny was so anxious about the final events of the day, she wasn't sure if she should go for a lengthy walk to clear her head or make a beeline for the bath again. She could feel the wetness running down her thigh. In the last hour before David left, the heat was so stifling that she had to remove her underwear. She was very apprehensive about it since her nipples are usually pretty prominent and she was sure that if she became any more aroused, he would be able to smell her arousal. In the end, she cleaned the house 3 times trying to keep herself occupied before finally succumbing to some self abuse in the bath again.
I, in the meantime, was enjoying a long, luxurious shower. I did start off with a cold shower to clear my mind, but eventually turned up the heat both literally and figuratively. I stroked myself to a quick orgasm in the shower, but now lay on the couch fully naked playing with my hardening cock to the memories of Jenny and her succulent body in that sundress. I savored the feelings and spent over an hour gently bringing myself to cum a second time that evening.
The next morning, I wisely chose some breathable shorts and against my better judgment, went commando underneath. I knew it would be a huge risk, but I needed the relief from the heat. My only hope was that Jenny would stay hidden most of the day or she would wear something that covered herself from head to toe.
As I knocked on her door, my plan was immediately shot to hell. There in the doorway was an incredibly voluptuous version of Daisy Duke. From the short shorts to the bulging tank top and hair tied back in a ponytail. It was all I could do to keep my erection down before I even walked in the door. And I could detect the rosiest scent of perfume as I walked past her. I would be fighting this all day long.
Jenny immediately offered an iced coffee and I gladly accepted it. My eyes lingered on her lips as she took a sip. And the way she peeked at me over the glass as she drank was enough to wear down the defenses of even a stoic monk.
As my eyes wandered down, I took in the generous amount of cleavage on display and the two small bumps of her nipples indicated that she was sans bra. Damn, my kryptonite is definitely pokie nipples under a blouse. And as soon as she started moving, those soft breasts were gonna start swaying and jiggling. I could feel the blood rush to my shaft and start swelling and causing a noticeable bulge. This day was going to be murder.
"It's good to see you dressed for the weather today," she said as she eyed me up and down.
She lingered at my crotch for a few moments and absentmindedly licked her lips. My cock twitched inside my shorts and I was sure she detected it. Well, at least she hadn't slammed the door in my face yet.
"I can see that you did as well," I said, and proceeded the same up and down assessment on her. I was sure I was caught lingering at her chest and quickly tried to escape into the back room.
I had gotten most of the woodwork and millwork done, and really only needed to concentrate on painting today. I usually wear coveralls, but it was way too hot for that. I just hoped that I would be able to keep the paint off my clothes since I am steadily running low on clothes that are not stained with paint.
I proceeded to lay out the tarps and tape off some of the important areas and soon got settled into painting. It took a couple of hours to do the first coat since there was a lot of cutting in to do. Once that was done, most of the rest would be done with a roller and should go quickly. I got ready to begin with the roller and took off my t shirt so I wouldn't get any splatter on it.
Jenn took that moment to come in and offer another drink.
"Sorry, I didn't think you'd mind if I got rid of the shirt. Don't want to get paint on it," I said.
"Not at all. Makes perfect sense. In fact, it would be a shame to get paint on those shorts. You can lose those too if you want."
"Umm, I can't."
"It's OK Sweetie. I won't get offended by a man in his underwear. I can leave if you'll be too embarrassed."
"Uhh...It's not that. It's just that...ummm."
"What's wrong Sweetie?"
"Well, the thing is...I don't have underwear today," I said, turning deep red in the process.
"Ohhh, I see. Ummm, I still don't mind," she said sheepishly.
"You don't mind?" I asked.
"No. I am a big girl. Besides, it would be incredible to have my own naked man painting my house."
"Uhh, yeah I guess I can see how that would be a plus."
"Go ahead, don't be bashful."
I thought it over for almost a minute before I said, "Well I will take that into consideration later, but for now I think I will leave them on."
"Spoilsport. Have it your way," she replied.
The whole crazy conversation had me turned on and I was already sporting some serious wood. I was hoping that she would leave me alone for a while so it would go away, but she insisted on staying as I began rolling paint on the walls. I could feel her stares on me and it was somewhat uncomfortable maneuvering around the room with my hard cock getting jammed in the leg of my shorts with each step. I tried to face away from her and adjust it, but I don't believe I was being very stealthy about it.
After the first wall was done, she came in closer to inspect and judge the color. She was pretty close to me and I could smell her delicate perfume. I was really having difficulty with this and was almost to the point of taking her offer and stripping the shorts off just to relieve the agony.
She milled around a little bit until she was standing next to me.
"See there is a drip that is gonna stain these shorts," she said as she moved her finger to the tip of my straining cock. Sure enough, there was a sizeable spot of pre-cum formed there from all of the excitement. She scooped the slippery substance with her fingertio and brought it up to her lips.
"Mmmmm, that is a sweet treat."
I almost came in my shorts right then and there.
"See, if you just take them off, there won't be any embarrassing stains."
"Now I see your point," I said as I set down the roller and slowly undid my shorts and peeled them down my legs.
Jenny ran her hand along my butt as I was bending over. When I straightened up, she left her hand there for a few more seconds.
"See, that's not so bad, is it?"
"Easy for you to say, you aren't the one naked."
"And it's staying that way buster. Well mostly, anyway."
I stood there in the middle of the room embarrassed as hell wondering what I should do.
"Don't stop on my account. Go ahead and finish up."
I guess that answers that. So, I grabbed the paint roller and went to work painting. I must say, it was very weird, yet exciting to be working in this condition. I felt my dick bob and bounce as I moved around the room, which was an interesting feeling. But, the most interesting feeling was having Jenn watch me as I rolled paint on the walls.
As I continued with the job, I could feel Jenny watch me and it kept my dick throbbing. I felt a little conspicuous when I had to bend over slightly to get more paint on the roller and could feel Jenn's eyes focusing on my butt. My cock was throbbing from the attention, and I could feel it pulse and throb the entire time. I had no idea how much I would enjoy being on display for her enjoyment.
"I must say, this is a much more fun way to spend the day. Watching a naked man work in my home definitely beats a day in front of the TV."
"Well I'm sure you could find better looking men on your TV."
"I don't think so. You will do just fine. So nice and strong...and so hard too. Yum yum."
"Umm, thanks."
"It looks like you are still gonna make a mess though."
Jenny walked right up to me and again pointed at the long string of pre-cum that was leaking from the head of my cock and about to hit the floor.
"I think we are gonna have to do something about that, don't you?"
"Like what," I gulped.
"Like maybe we have to figure out a way to make it quit dripping all over my floor."
"What did you have in mind?"
Jenn reached out another finger to grab the stray drop again. This time she brought it to her lips and smeared it all over and then leaned close and kissed me.
"Well, for starters, I think I have seen enough painting. I think I would really rather watch you work with wood again," she giggled.
"Well if I stop painting, it could leave some uneven patches I will have to fix later."
"That's ok. That just means I get to keep my naked handyman around a little longer."
She walked around me looking me up and down like a piece of meat. Her lingering stares had my dick twitching with excitement.
"You have the most beautiful penis I have ever seen. I want to see you put your hand on it."
I was a little surprised at her request and all that had happened so far, but my hand instinctively grasped my hard cock for her.
Jenn had no idea how or why these words were coming out of her mouth. She had never acted or spoke like this ever before, but she was acting like she was on autopilot. Her mind was taking in every detail of his body and it was causing her temperature to rise. It was already pretty warm, but she was positively burning up now. She could feel how damp her panties were and knew that was just the tip of the iceberg for her.
She had never just taken control of a situation like this. She was enjoying the power and control as much as she was the tasty display of David's body. When she directed him to grab his own cock, she felt a physical jolt go right through her body centered in her wet, throbbing pussy. She clamped her thighs together and began to direct David more and more.
"Move it a little bit. I want to see your hand move back and forth."
I slid my hand over my hard cock a few times. I heard a little moan come from Jenny and continued the stroking motion on my manhood. I was so excited, I was afraid I was going to start spurting all over the place.
"That is so incredibly sexy to see. I have never watched a man play with himself before. Now I understand why you guys like to watch so much."
Jenn's words encouraged me to make more of a show at what I was doing. I have to admit, I was really self-conscious about being naked in front of other people. I felt myself really getting into it though. I tried to be sexy in my movements, but that just seemed to be weird. So, instead I just tried to make sure I was on full display and even exaggerated some of my movements. If she wanted a show, she was going to get one. I only prayed I could hold out long enough for her enjoyment.
I let my hand travel back and forth slowly and gave her a good view. Every time my hand slid past my cockhead, I felt o jolt of pleasure. Jenn's moans were encouraging me to continue.
"Mmmmm, I love seeing you stroke that big hard cock. Wow, that big bulging head gets me soooo wet."
Jenn had no idea where those words were coming from, but she meant every word. She was practically gushing fluid from her pussy. She wanted so bad to rip her own clothes off and jam her fingers deep inside. But for now, she just watched and encouraged.
I was starting to get into a nice rhythm. My hand was slowly working the shaft in long, slow strokes. The pre-cum was providing some natural lubrication, but I knew I would need more so I licked my palm before grasping my cock again for faster, easier action. I could feel myself making the climb towards orgasm. It would only be a minute or two and I hesitated. Jenn somehow sensed my predicament.
"Don't stop now...I want to se the whole show."
I gripped my shaft a little more firmly and started stroking with full, long strokes. I was getting into the show and soon felt the telltale signs that I was going to cum any moment.
"God, I think it is getting bigger and fatter...fuck, that is sexy."
I was thrusting my hips into my fist. It felt so good and I knew when it finally hit, that I was going to cum like a madman. My hand was slick and tight as I fucked my cock into it. I alternated between soft, light pressure and tight gripping pressure. I didn't even realize it, but I was moaning out loud. I was so close to cumming and I needed ti to happen. There was no way I could stop now.
"Oh God, yes...cum for me. Cum hard all over for me. Fuck yourself for me."
And then it happened. I exploded in a fit of pleasure. I arched my back and thrust my cock upward into my fist and spewed huge amounts of pearly cum high into the air. Spurt after spurt erupted from my cock as each mind blowing jolt of pleasure wracked my body. A low, guttural moan escaped me and I continued shooting semen all over myself and the floor.
It seemed like it lasted forever. My body convulsed from the pleasure of it all until I was reduced to a few spasmodic jerks. Finally, I had a death grip on my cock as the last tremors went through me and nothing but a few drips of white liquid dripped from the end of my dick.
"Oh my God, that was amazing...I can't believe how sexy that was. I can't wait to see that again."
"Thanks, that was strange but amazing for me too."
I was suddenly very self-conscious as I stood there with my dripping cock in my hand covered in my own cum. Jenny was such an angel that she told me to relax and she would get me some towels to clean up with.
She returned seconds later with a soft fluffy towel and proceeded to wipe my hand and my body clean. She had saved cleaning my deflating cock for last. Before she wiped away the residue, she used her finger to scoop a tiny droplet of cum and I watched her bring it to her lips and suck it off like it was icing from a cake. My cock twitched when I saw this.
"Sexy and delicious," she said as she finished cleaning me.
For some reason, she didn't clean any of the cum off the floor. There was a lot of it and it made quite the mess.
I thanked her again and was about to reach for my shorts to put them back on when she said, "Don't you dare put those on. I still want to watch you like that."
"Really?"
"Oh yes. Besides, you got to have your fun, I should be allowed to have mine too."
With that, she moved over to the corner and peeled her tiny shorts off of her body before laying down. Her legs were spread wide open and I could see the insides of her thighs and her sexy pink pussy covered in wetness. I watched in a trance as her fingers slid easily between the big pink lips of her pussy.
"Get back to work. You can peek a little, but I want you to keep working."
I tried to concentrate on finishing the paint job, but I could see and hear her in the corner as she made love to her squishy pussy. I watched her alternate between sliding her fingers luxuriously through her swollen lips and teasing her clit, to jamming 2 or 3 fingers deep inside and fucking herself hard.
Every time her fingers went inside, the sounds they made reverberated in my ears. It didn't take much time before my cock started to swell again to the sound of her sexy symphony.
"I think he likes to watch too," she said out loud before she went into a series of moans, whimpers and cries as her body shook violently in orgasm. She had the fingers of one hand jamming deep inside and fingers from the other attacking her clit wildly. I watched transfixed as she shuddered and jerked before me. Watching her cum had my dick hard as a staff yet again.
When she came down from her orgasm, she looked at me and smiled.
"Looks like you are ready again," she said pointing at my throbbing cock. "At this pace, we will never finish," she said laughing.
All in all we both masturbated twice that day and three time the next day with a little more coed involvement. When her husband returned, he was so impressed that he rewarded her with an entire weekend of sex.
The End