Part 1
We had had a lot of fun all afternoon at our local club throwing darts and the wife flirting with our regular friends. About dinner time we left for a restaurant across the river from Omaha in Council Bluffs. As we drove a sign we never noticed before came into view. Adult Emporium was what it read. LuEllen was feeling very good after having a few drinks at the club and we both looked at each other and said let's check it out.
We did a U-turn and headed back the way we came to the turn lane taking us to the front door of the place. It was actually a driveway and there were cars parked in front as well as the back of the store. LuEllen had a halter top dress on with no bra. Something many of the people at the club had mentioned in a form of compliments on the dress and how nice it fits. She has large extra sensitive nipples so they had been hard all day poking out for all to see.
When we stepped inside the front door, we were greeted by a nice pretty lady a little older than us. We exchanged pleasantries and she asked if she could help us find anything. LuEllen had wanted to see Playgirl and swinger magazines. She pointed to the area where we could find them and off, we went.
There were quite a few men in the place. Most had noticed the wife's bouncing breasts as she walked to the stand. To be honest it had been a very long time since I'd seen one of these places and I never really went in but to buy a magazine when I first joined the service. It was well lit and stocked with all the latest toys, dolls, videos, and magazines.
As we arrived at our destination, I noticed a few of the men moved to our isle pretending to view magazines. One even moved into a few feet of the wife reaching for a Swinger magazine. LuEllen was looking thru the choices she had when she noticed him. He was knelt down looking at the magazine choice and was actually looking up at her when she noticed him. "Hi," she said to him. He said hi and kept his position kneeling a foot or two away. She noticed the magazine was a local listing kind and asked if she could have one of them and he handed it to her. He introduced himself as Tom and asked if we were swingers. We both looked over at him and said not yet. We'd talked about it but we were a little nervous about the whole thing. He shook his head and said he understood. He stood up and shook our hands and said if we ever needed help finding something while we were in the store to ask and he'd help out best he could. He turned and moved back to the checkout counter.
I noticed quite a few guys and moved behind a curtain we hadn't noticed when we came in. It had a sign above it that said "Video Arcade". Wow, this place had a video arcade. I figured it would be fun to check it out after LuEllen had finished checking out some lotions and magazines. I asked if she'd like to check it out and she was more than happy to do it.
We went to the counter and asked the lady about the area and she told us it took $10 each in tokens to go back. Well, we looked at each other and said why not. The lady took our money and gave us our tokens then asked if we had ever been to a video arcade and we said no. She had to tell us the rules and laws about fooling around back there. I was kind of bummed out because I really wanted to pull her dress up and have her right there. After she told us the rules, she said to have fun and to pay attention to the lights. She said they never had an arrest or problem because they took care of their patrons. She winked at the wife and said have fun Hun. My wife being the bubbly happy type blew her a kiss and said thank you very much.
We turned and went in. It was way darker than I thought it would be when a voice came out of the dark telling us to wait a second. It won't take long for your eyes to adjust. He was right. It turned out to be Tom. He said the booths up front were not the best and that he'd show us the best area to go. Each booth had a miniature foyer and a glass door that opened out. I thought that it was kind of weird to have the glass doors when Tom looked back at us and said they had to for legal reasons have these kinds of doors. We wound our way thru the maze to the back where we had passed a few guys standing around outside different booths. Each checking LuEllen swaying breasts in the dimly lit hallways. Tom pointed out the booth we'd have most privacy in if there was a thing as that with glass doors. We thanked him and went in. We closed the door behind us and locked it.
When you looked in from the hall you could only see the movie wall. Once in the booth and sitting down your back was to the hall meaning they couldn't see you only the video playing. No rules in place to keep out of the foyer though so if you were curious all you had to do was step into the mini foyer. When the tv lit up it made the door almost a one-way mirror. You really couldn't see out of the booth very well. LuEllen was a little nervous till the first show came on. A wife is being fucked by multiple guys. Her favorite fantasy. I was in for some hot play now. She really gets turned on by these kinds of scenarios.
I sat next to her on the cramped bench seat and started watching the show. I had my arm around her and I was slowly sliding the strap of her dress down her arm. With the other hand, I was softly stroking her super sensitive nipple closest to me. Her breathing was coming in quick short puffs now. She was very excited. She couldn't see because she was closest to the door and had about a foot of wall blocking her view outside the door but I kept noticing shadows moving right outside the booth. As I lowered the strap exposing her breast she took in a quick deep breath. I slid my hand over it and messaged it and rolled the nipple in my palm. She was really starting to get excited. When I pinched her left nipple, she gasped and let out a low moan. "Oh, baby I love what you're doing. Don't stop" she said. About this time a light tap came on the window and she snapped back to attention trying to pull her strap up. I calmed her and said they had been watching us, Hun. They're getting turned on like you. She kissed me hard and deeply. I could really tell she loved being watched. I was massaging her breast hard now. Squeezing it and making the nipple turn blue almost. She just took deep breaths and leaned back and let me show her off. Another tap and we both looked over close to the window. A huge cock was being messaged right outside the door. LuEllen licked her lips very sensually looking at them. She was causing the booth temp to really rise. I could smell her sex. I knew how wet she was. I slide the strap off her left shoulder now exposing both to our peeping tom... It is ironic because it was Tom.
I asked LuEllen if I should open the door and see what they wanted and if they wanted to touch. She was giddy like a little school girl and asked me how I'd be with that happening. I told her it was not a problem. With that, I slid the lock open and opened the door just a little. He said he'd love to just feel them if it was ok with the wife and me. The booth was just too small to fit anyone else in but with the door open he could just reach in. LuEllen gave a short gasp as his fingers began to pinch her nipple. She was nervous the door was open so I told him to back up for a second and I stepped out and let him in. I closed the door and to my surprise, there were at least 9 guys trying to gaze in over my shoulder.
I looked in and LuEllen was messaging his cock inches from her naked breasts with one hand and rubbing her pussy thru her panties with the other. Tom was bucking and pointing his cock towards her face and chest with every stroke. It was no time and thick streams of cum squirted all over her chest Dripping off a nipple and onto the inside of her pulled-down dress. He leaned down said something to her and kissed her. He stood up and opened the door out and thanked me too for giving him access to the sexiest lady he'd ever met there.
We'd meet Tom again in later adventures.
One of the other guys who had been watching over my shoulder asked if she'd like more and as I turned to look in the booth, she was already reaching for his hand to pull him in. This happened another 4 times and on the 5th time, she was just overheating in the small booth and had to pull her dress back down and walk out into the hall. She thanked the guys who played and told the ones that didn't we'd definitely be back again soon.
She was spent. She made herself come 3 times and one of the guys slid a finger or two into her pussy made her cum even harder. She didn't suck any of them. She told them that soon as they stepped into the booth. She just wasn't ready for that yet.
The entire episode lasted over an hour. We walked out slowly and we met Tom at the exit. She hugged him and we both thanked him and went out into the brightly lit main floor. The lady behind the counter had a huge grin on and said we really must have had a great time. The wet dress and smell would have told anyone that.
My wife smiled a big smile at the knowing cashier who invited us back anytime. The guys love seeing her there and she sold a lot of tokens. LuEllen is very loud so I know that she probably heard LuEllen out front... The later story would confirm that. Anyway, that's the first adventure of the Adult Emporium of Council Bluffs Iowa mid-1990s. Not the best writer but hope it painted a good enough picture of the whole event.
Part 2
Well, we had another adventure this weekend. LuEllen and I couldn't stop talking about how hot our experience was a week ago. We fucked like rabbits all week. We even made it to our club on base and snuck to the basement and had sex in the supply room they had in the downstairs bar. I never met a woman so into sex as my wife. She is like a sex machine. I met my equal. There is a God I thought to myself...lol
On Saturday we drove over to the Emporium again and was met at the door by a guy who checked ID's. I thought it was weird but we showed them and the lady we met last weekend was behind the counter again. We found out later the ID checker was her husband. LuEllen and I started to talk to her. Linda (lady's name) said it was nice to see us again. She said there were guys who asked if we were in the store all week. LuEllen just blushed and smiled and told her she was making up stories. Linda introduced us to her husband who came over shook our hands and joined in the conversation. He was the bouncer guy checking ID's.
"No, it's true," he said. Guys asked if the couple from last Saturday was here all week. I knew he looked familiar. He was one of the guys peeking in over my shoulder at LuEllen last weekend. He said it was great to see us again.
Some of the guys we remember from last week and some new started gathering at the front desk buying tokens. Some stuck around to talk including the one who had his fingers buried in LuEllen's pussy last week. He was very nice and complimentary on LuEllen's purple mini and white blouse. He hoped we were going to go back again. We assured him we'd be back shortly.
LuEllen was holding and squeezing my hand now. I could feel her hand sweating a bit. She was nervous but very excited. It was about 6 p.m. and earlier than last weekend. It surprised us how many cars were out front and in the back lot when we arrived. There were even couples in the big room today. I was getting excited and wanted to get started so I purchased the tokens. Linda said $10 would be fine this time. She smiled at LuEllen once again and said: "have a good time hon". LuEllen blew a kiss at her like last week and Linda just smiled broader.
We pulled the curtain open and there was Tom again. We didn't see him when we came in, he had already been back in the arcade. He shook my hand and gave LuEllen a little kiss and asked if we were going to the back again. We said yes for sure and he said there may already be a couple back there but he took us back like last week and sure enough there was. Guys were huddled around the booth. You could hear muffled moans not made by the movies coming from it. Tom just smiled and said they were a young couple who were visiting from South Dakota or something.
It surprised me he knew so much about everything that went on back there.... He said there are a couple of other booths around the corner and led us to a darker area. We thanked him and stepped inside. Turns out it was on the backside of the other booth. Yeah, the couple was really having fun over there.
In no time LuEllen dropped our tokens in the machine and the screen lit up. We strolled through the channels till we came to one of those homemade movies with a couple having sex outside by the pool.
LuEllen settled back and in less than a second, you could see the shadows moving outside the booth. I stood up and pulled my cock out. LuEllen loves to suck me and she went to town.
I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it apart. She reached up and unlocked the door like it was nothing. Seconds after hearing the latch slide the door opened slowly. There was the finger fuck guy with his massive cock in hand-pressed in our doorway. LuEllen just reached up, moaned, and started to stroke him. I never saw a man shoot so fast and so much. His cum hit LuEllen's chest and ran down her stomach. I had to laugh because he said he was sorry and actually handed her a tissue to wipe up. He said he never cums that fast and he thinks she's the sexiest lady he'd ever met. Then as fast as it started, he thanked us and squeezed past the other guys waiting outside the booth.
LuEllen looked up and smiled at me. As she was smiling a hand reached in and squeezed her breast and nipple causing her to give out a squeal. Oh my God, she said. I'm so wet. I pulled the hand off her and closed the door. I didn't lock it just closed it. I asked if she was okay and she said yes. She stood up, turned me around, and pushed me down on the bench. She unzipped my jeans and pulled out my hard-on. She then turned around and pulled her mini up and that's when the guys could see her pussy for the first time as the movie lit up the room. She lowered herself on my cock. She was not just wet but dripping wet. She just moaned and moaned as she bounced up and down on me.
She opened the door just a little and that was all it took. The guy standing there opened it the rest of the way and just started grabbing her tits. She was going nuts. Other guys could be seen peeking in around the guy and even trying to reach around him to cop a feel too. She didn't care. She was just enjoying the ride and breast massage.
My balls were soaked with her cum. You could hear a guy say, oh yeah babe fuck him good. I felt a hand on her pussy now. She was really gone. She leaned back on me to give him better access. I reached around and was holding her breasts up for all to see. I was nibbling her neck and back. I could feel her pussy just contracting around my cock on every pump.
The guy found her clit and was driving her crazy with his rubbing. He even leaned in and was kissing her now. She put one hand behind his head and pulled him in tight while her other hand stroked his cock. He grunted and LuEllen just squealed as his cum shot all over her arm and belly. They kept kissing for what seemed like forever. He pulled back and thanked her then kissed one more time and turned and disappeared into the shadows.
I exploded moments after this happened and LuEllen let out a loud scream as her orgasm rocked her body. She was almost in sensory overload. Another hand and another cock took the last guy's place. LuEllen stood up and I moved over and put my cock away. She was stroking his cock and he had leaned in to kiss her as well. I stood and separated them long enough to squeeze out the door and close it behind me.
I could hear the talk. Wow, hope she sits on my cock as she did you. I just pointed out she was my wife and no but he can still have fun. He apologized and said she was so hot and thanked me. I told him to thank her if he gets a chance.
I actually walked to the front by the curtain and went out into the big room. Linda saw me and just smiled and looked over my shoulder looking for LuEllen. I told her she was having fun and I needed some air. She said she knew she was having fun. Some of the guys walked out talking about the hot mom in the back and she could hear her all the way out here.
Just then I heard a loud grunt and LuEllen moaning real load... Another cock shot cum on my lady I said. Linda just smiled and said her old man was back there checking it out. She really thought LuEllen was hot too. I said I better get back but Linda said not to worry her husband wouldn't let anything happen LuEllen didn't want to happen.
She had on a summer halter dress tonight. I didn't really notice when I first came in. She really was a very sexy lady. She said she and her husband played once in a while and if we were interested, they'd love to get to know us better sometime. She gave me a card that had their information on it. I said thanks and we'd love to get together sometime. She smiled and said she'd hoped I say that.
Well, I needed to go back, one because I was curious and hot to see what was happening to LuEllen, and two because Linda just got me hard talking about wanting to get to know us better. The thought of seeing her in a state of undress really got my heart pumping.
As I made it to the back LuEllen was really moaning again. I squeezed in past the guys to where I could see in. The door was open and LuEllen was riding a guy and another was sucking on her tits. She looked over and saw me and mouthed "I Love You" then moaned loudly again.
The guy grunted and almost threw LuEllen off him as he came. The guy sucking her nipples stepped back just a little and blew another load of cum all over her chin and neck. She was all red-faced and hot. Her hair was dripping with perspiration. I could tell she was spent. As she stood to let the guy up, I noticed he had a condom on. That was great and the guy who just unloaded all over her was wiping her chin and neck off. Then he leaned in and they kissed a long passionate kiss. The guy behind her was pulling the condom off and tossing it in the small can in the booth. He slowly spun LuEllen around and kissed her hard.
Other guys were trying to push past but I told them the show was over for now. LuEllen broke the kiss and looked out said sorry guys she was hot and tired. They all broke up and went their separate ways.
The guy turned her face back and they kissed again. He was squeezing her ass tight and pulling her into him. She told me his cock was pressing her pussy and almost separated it to push in. It wouldn't have taken much with how wet she was. He pulled his face back and thanked her. She thanked him and hoped she'd see him again.
Tom was standing behind me and said wow LuEllen you are one in a million. I found out he was one of the loads running down her chest. The guy pulled his pants up and pushed past us out into the hall and vanished into the darkened hallway too.
Tom pressed in and kissed LuEllen and she pushed back and kissed him hard. They broke and he thanked us both again for a great evening. LuEllen's eyes almost rolled back into her head from exhaustion. She smiled and hugged me. Her blouse was still open with her breasts out. I sat her on the bench and asked if she was okay. She said when I left 2 guys came on her tits. Then the guy who had fingered her last week had his cock out and had a condom on. She just stared at the monster she said and then he pulled her up and she just stood like a mindless zombie she said. He replaced her on the bench and he spread her legs apart. She looked down and it rose up and up. She said she didn't have far to stoop before it was at the entrance of her pussy. Just as she was penetrated another guy had reached in and was pinching her nipples. That was when we heard the amazing loud groan at the front desk.
The guy pinching her stopped and stepped back she said and just smile and she reached out and took hold of his cock and stroked him off on her. It was Tom... Tom stepped back and unloaded a huge load of cum on her tits and all she could do was moan and almost scream from the pounding she was getting from the horse cock buried in her. 2 more guys blew loads all over her she said. One I had seen when I came back.
As we walked down the dark hallway making our way to the exit LuEllen looked up at me and smiled. She was so excited and tired and happy she said.
Linda greeted us with a big knowing smile. She reached over the counter with a bottle of water and LuEllen thanked her. We'll see you too soon she said as we headed out the door. It had got dark and the parking lot lights were mostly out around where we parked. The night air was crisp and cooled us both off rather quickly as we walked hand in hand on the way to our car.
There were a few guys standing outside smoking and checking us out as we walked. LuEllen recognized them from the booth area and waved and said her goodnights. When we got in the car, I was just horny as hell reminiscing about tonight's adventure. Her skirt was soaked in cum as was her top. In fact, the top was almost transparent. I love her breasts. Her nipples were poking tightly against her blouse now.
I leaned over and we started kissing. She was really laying into it and breathing hard. She was still turned on and moaning now. I had reached over and cupped her left breast and pinched her nipple thru the blouse. This always gets her motor running even faster. I slid my hand up to her lips and she sucked it clean of any cum residue from her blouse.
While we did this, we had been spotted by the two guys at the back door. They slowly made it over to our parking spot on LuEllen's side and were looking in on her. While we kissed, she had been undoing the buttons on her blouse to give me 100% access. It was so hot seeing her breasts out in the car. I told her we had a couple of voyeurs standing by the car. She didn't even miss a beat. We just kept kissing. I had moved my hand down to her skirt and she rose up for me to pull it up. Now her soaked pussy was in view along with her gorgeous breasts.
I reached over and turned the key and told her if she wanted, she should roll the window down so our guest could hear her moans and see her clearly. While never taking her eyes off me she reached over and the next thing you heard was the window sliding down into the door.
I was alternating sliding my fingers in and out of her hot pussy and caressing her clit now. She slowly leaned her seat back and put her right foot on the dash to give me easy access. My hand was pumping away and she was raising her hips off the seat to meet each pump now.
I saw a hand reach in and caress her thigh. She just moaned even louder. I was sucking her nipple now and pumping away. The hand had slid down close to her quivering pussy now. Squeezing her thigh tight and she reached down and moved my hand and grabbed him and slid it over her pussy. In a moment he was fingering her to climax.
I swear I thought the people inside the store might think there was a crime going on outside.
Her hips bucked and twisted on his fingers. I could hear the squishing sound of her cum on his hand as he pumped and twisted his fingers in her. His cock was pointing out straight now as she slowed down, she opened the door. The cab light turned on and she was there for all to see. Pussy wet and tits out with super hard nipples. She reached out and pulled him close to the door and stroked him till he burst another load of cum all over her. She was just a super-hot and horning wife going nuts over all the attention she was receiving.
The second guy stepped in when the first had moved away and his condom-covered cock sticking in thru the open door. She turned and leaned into me with her legs spread wide hanging out the car. He leaned in and in one quick smooth motion was balls deep in my wife's hot pussy. She gave a loud moan and took a deep breath as he pumped her. Her breasts were bouncing wildly and her eyes were closed, mouth opened, climaxing. She climaxed after a few strokes...
He was really pounding her. The slapping sounds were right out of a movie. She reached up and pulled him down on her smashing her lips to his. They kissed and moaned together as one. I could see her sucking his tongue and her hands around the back of his head locking it in place. He gave a grunting moan that would have made anyone jump. He was filling a condom full of cum deep inside her.
I was just watching and pinching nipples. He slowed and she was trying to catch her breath. The car had been really rocking.
I was beside myself and in awe of her. The first guy apparently had gone inside and mentioned the activity outside. There were two more guys standing next to the side of the car looking in. He broke the kiss and they looked at each other. He told her how amazing that was and thanked her for a great evening. As he pulled out of her you could see a small balloon-sized bubble at the end of the condom full of cum. It was a huge amount. She reached out and helped take it off. Then to my amazement, she squeezed the contents all over her chest and stomach. She just laid there and cooed. He zipped up, turned, and walked back towards the store.
Another guy stepped up with his condom cover monster cock and my wife looked up at me as if to say she wasn't sure about this one. He was a mini baseball bat size and thicker. As she started to sit back up, he knelt down between her thighs and buried his face in her pussy. She fell back, moaning. He sucked her clit and slowly inserted his fingers in her still-soaked pussy. Just when I thought there was no way for her to climax again, her hips bucked up to meet his mouth and her hand again squeezed the back of a stranger's head and pulled it into her tightly. Her hips slowed down and as she was coming down off the high, he quickly positioned his huge mushroom bulb against her pussy lips. He stroked it up and down a couple of times and just shoved it in deep. She actually had her breath taken away. I could see how stretched and smashed her pussy was. Beads of sweet were sliding off her forehead and her moans were so loud again and her hips now pumping up to meet his every thrust. It was the sexiest scene ever.
He was pumping her sore hot pussy hard and fast and she was just slamming back with the same enthusiasm. She was bouncing off the seat it was so hard. He gave one last long hard pump and just ground into her clit and pussy. Her head was rolling side to side as she shrieked with pleasure. She was squeezing his back pulling him tighter. She screamed, "I'm fucking cuming, oh fuck me!!"
The entire scene just put a permanent smile on my face. She was satisfied, spent, and abused. She had cum all over her body and her pussy lips were almost raw and red. She reached up pulled my face down to hers and kissed me deeply. We broke our embrace and the guy leaned down and kissed her again. He thanked her and couldn't wait for our next visit.
The other guy was about to step up when the wife said she was too sore for any more fun. He was bummed but said that was okay. He'd make sure to be at the front of the line the next time we came to visit the store. He leaned in kissed her lightly and thanked us both for the great show. LuEllen pulled her legs back into the car and he shut the door for her.
As I stared the car up, she didn't pull the seat back up. She was leaning back buttoning up her blouse and pulling her skirt down. On the way home, she fell asleep. She looked so sexy laying there. I love this woman.