Noon, a stretch of beach with less family and more college kids.
From Nick's Corvette he used a pair of binoculars to scan the area. He spotted multiple volleyball games along a desolate portion of sand. Examining every outlet and the positions of lifeguards he points toward a game of jocks. There was a difference, this time there was another girl involved.
"Short haired blond in a bikini this time. No competition as far as looks go. She pales in comparison to you."
Willa offers a bright smile, "I know. I'm sexy and I know it. Body spray delicious. Send me in Coach. I'm ready for action."
"Choker bug lets me hear every word you say. Remote control lining vibrates once for yes twice for no."
"Got it."
"Alright, go have fun. Give me plenty to write about."
"Yes, Sir. Dorian makes me sooo wet. I just thought you should know."
"Don't fail me."
"NEVER!" Willa recites with a deadpan gaze.
Leaving the car with her towel, purse, water bottle, and oil she departs. It takes her five minutes to reach her designated tanning area. Before she even got close the players of the volleyball game took notice. She could tell the girl was already feeling threatened.
Waving at them, Willa decided to take her time. She had decided long before she got there that this time she put her feet in the water. After planting her beach towel and belongings she strutted toward the ocean. Reaching it she giggled and danced as the waves cascaded against her toes. She walked out until she was waist deep before she felt a buzz on her throat . Twice meant negative. She immediately headed back toward her towel.
Before she reached her goal she had to dodge the volleyball that was sent flying her way. On purpose she surmised. Retrieving it meant bending over facing their direction. Her bikini strap vanished within her butt cheeks. This warranted an array of multiple wolf calls. She turns holding the volleyball in one hand and pointing at the players trying not to laugh.
"You guys did that on purpose." She scowls.
A tall blond man with a faint moustache chuckled, "And, you did that on purpose."
He runs up to Willa facing her and claims his ball, "Nice backside. Front side too. I'm Cole."
"Willa." She meant to say Sara but slipped up. Too late now.
"Hi, Willa. Care to join us?"
"Sounds fun. But, I think your girlfriend is getting jealous."
He looks back at the players, "Megan? She's Jon's wife. No worries."
"If you're sure. I don't want to start my vacation with a black eye."
"Naa! Come on. You can be on my team. Let you serve even."
"Okie."
"Oh, hey. Try to keep your band aids on." He chuckles.
"Band aids?"
"That bikini."
"Ohhhhhh! Too much?" She giggles.
"Time will tell." He winks playfully.
Joining the team Cole introduces her, "Everybody this is Willa. Try to keep your heads in the game."
"Not in me." Willa jokes, "I mean not ON me. Now I'm embarrassed."
Everyone laughs except Megan. Willa found it necessary to try and make friends.
"Hi. Megan right? Cole told me your name. Said the game needed more girls."
"Hi, Willa. That's not much of a bikini. You must think you're in Brazil."
"Amazon ain't it?" She plays on the word Amazing.
'Cute. Serve and try to keep that bikini on. My husband needs his balls tonight."
"Wow! Poor guy." Megan would become quite the enemy she thought.
Pacing about Cole hands Willa the ball and watches her serve it with zest. This kept the ball moving for six impacts. Willa raced about dramatically trying to assist in keeping it aloft. Each time her tits bounced like runaway melons. Her bikini top struggled to keep from revealing her nipples.
Spiked in the front line by a burley bearded man they called "Gus" gave Willa a second chance to serve. Another perfect serve led to five more chases. This time Willa was toppled over by Cole and another man with a hairy chest named "Lance". Tangled up over her Willa found her left nipple exposed. Lance took notice and gallantly reached over to pull her top back into place.
"Peekaboob." He jokes with a wink just before shuffling off.
Cole shakes his head, "Risqué business. Their serve."
Willa feigned being conscientious over her bikini. She tugs at her ass crack and the front patch. Megan eyes her darkly.
"That Megan's giving me the evil eye. What did I do wrong?"
"Easy Willa. I'm sure you grasp the notion of wanting to be the center of attention. That was her before you joined up. She will get over it." Cole pats Willa on the shoulder.
"We both know all eyes are on me. I just don't want her bitter over me. I'm not trying to make enemies."
"Chill out. Play the game."
That they do. Served by the opposing team the members of Willa's team dart about in the sand until Gus spikes yet another for the point.
A skinny long haired man known as "Fred" serves for her team. Willa charges forward once the ball came into play and competes with Megan at the net. The two women collide and fall back on to all fours. Willa's legs were wide and her thong revealed a slippage of her pussy lip. Megan noticed with a swear word and leaped to her feet pointing at her.
Willa blew the hair from her eyes and quickly pulled her lip from view.
"Maybe I should go. Obviously she doesn't want me here."
Cole growls, "Knock it off Megan. It was a clothing malfunction. Get over it."
"Malfunction? Every move she makes exposes something. She might as well play nude." Megan spouts angrily.
"Keep your ole lady in check, Jon."
Jon frowned, "As if that's possible."
Cole paces about back and forth in front of the net, "Look, we have to get along. Willa here seems like a nice girl."
"Nice because she's hot. You know she has all of your dicks in a frenzy." Megan hisses.
Willa drops her jaw, "Wow! Was that a compliment or an insult?"
"Whatever. Come on Jon. Let's leave this brothel." Megan fumes.
Jon shakes his head, "Really? That was cruel. Maybe you should just go cool off somewhere awhile. I'm not real proud of my wife right now."
Megan kicks sand at him, "You just found your bed in the alley, Buddy."
"Better than with you right now. Get an attitude fix fast."
"Bite my ass, Jon. Have fun with this little tramp."
Storming off Willa looks at the ground sadly, until Gus the burley grips her shoulders, "Don't let her get you down. Still wanna play?"
She perks up with a devious reply, "Harder than ever."
Cole raises a brow at her reaction. He watches her approach Jon at the net.
"I'm sorry if I got you in trouble." She pouts.
"I'm not. She's right. You're way hotter than she will ever be."
Willa bulges her eyes and fans her hand in front of her face, "Thank you. I think. It's nice being noticed."
Jon's team clusters closer to the net, "This is Keith, Dwayne, and Burke."
"Hi. I'm sorry if I disrupted your game."
Burke huffs eying her cleavage, "I'm not."
Dwayne hits Burke on the bicep, "Be nice." He then himself admires her chest.
Keith shakes his head, "Don't pay these perverts any mind."
"Perverts? Really? Should I run away?" She giggles.
Behind her Cole and Gus step up to her. Again Gus grips her shoulders tightly leaning over to bristle his beard on her cheek, "I'll protect ya."
She pats his hand on her shoulder, "My teddy bear."
Cole snickers, "Grizzly."
She winks, "Bear skin rug?"
Too their left the skinny Fred cackles, "BooBoo."
"You guys are hilarious. Are we playing or flirting?" She stresses with a sly grin.
Gus releases her as Cole motions everyone back into place. Calling out the serve Cole pelts the ball skyward over the net. Both Fred and Willa enforce the net as the ball returns. They collide in mid air causing Willa to fall on to her back. In the process her bottoms again go awry. Laying there Fred looks down and expresses a silent whistle. She grins and expects him to take her hand and pull her up. This time she refuses to hide her revealed lip. She plays dumb about it's exposure. Eyes all around share contact over her ignorance. None say a word.
Jon claims the ball on his team tossing it to Keith for the serve. As Keith serves it the ball careens straight down toward Willa. Before Willa can jump up she feels Gus grab her hips and literally lift her up to reach the ball . She awkwardly spikes the ball laughing.
Lowering her Gus rolls his palms over the tethered strings of her bottoms loosening them. She again ignores that fact.
"Good job, Hotstuff." Gus high fives Willa.
"We make a good team." She winks.
Regaining the ball Cole serves to a round of racing feet. Fred vaults it back over to Dwayne who then spikes it toward Willa. Willa yelps and once again falls to the beach. Legs wide she leans up on her elbows.
"Dang Dwayne. Are you trying to kill me?" She huffs.
Dwayne admires her pussy lip, "Kill you? Not even. You're too cute to play dead."
Gus pulls her to her feet with both hands and drags her into him by accident. Her chest crushes up against his, "Hey. Be careful the girls bruise easily."
She backs up then checks the girls out. She literally pulls the patches over her nipples to inspect them. Both Gus and Cole exhale at her actions.
"No bruises. You're lucky, Mister." She points playfully at Gus.
He reaches his hands out feigning squeezing her tits, "I can change that."
Laughter filled the playing field.
Willa puckers, "What big paws you have BooBoo."
"The better to maul you my dear." Gus chuckles.
Cole again paces trying hard not to smile.
"Serve it Burke."
Everyone gets back into place as the serve bounces back and forth six times before Gus topples over poor Willa. He lays on top of her with her legs to his sides. His face lay on her chest.
"Holy shit, Gus. You weigh a ton." Willa strains.
Gus decides to keep his face on her left breast. He turns his profile to smother his nose between both tits as if getting comfy on a good pillow. Inhaling loudly he motor boats her chest tickling her with his beard.
"Stop! That tickles. I'll pee."
Finally he props himself up glaring down at her, "You hurt?"
"Of course not. I'm tougher than I look."
Dwayne chuckles, "That bearskin rug is supposed to be under her not on top of her."
Even Willa had to giggle.
Cole offers her a hand. Accepted she stands up wobbly falling against the blond hunk. In doing so her hand slipped down over his crotch. She felt erection. Her eyes darted toward his, "Oops! Sorry."
"For what?" He blows it off.
"Nothing. Something. Nothing." She fidgets.
She hadn't noticed in her stupor that her top was loosened up by Gus when he motor boated her. She growls, "Let's play."
The opposing team noticed her drooping left bikini cup. The top of her nipple was in view. They kept quiet about it.
Keith serves up another round. As Willa darted about her breast erupted into a bouncing madness that caused her top to completely expose her nipple. Going unnoticed by her she kept playing as the ball arched over the net time and again. Finally, Cole and Willa dove after the same ball which found her on her knees and Cole over her backside in a compromising position.
Winded Willa bursts into laughter, "SOMETHING! SOMETHING!"
Cole knew his erection was primed in perfect position for doggy style. He crawls back on his knees and admires her ass in perfect view before him. He notices a string untied and starts to tie it when he heard clearing throats all around.
Willa knew her top was displaced and her bottoms were untied on one side. She laughs and decides to sit up on her legs. Her tits were both revealed as the cups dangled beneath them. Her thong drooped on one side.
Gus offered her a hand up huffing at her bare breasts before him. She accepted and stood up biting her lower lip.
"There's that silly wardrobe malfunction again. Big time." She pinches at the strings when Gus cautiously grabs her wrist. She looks up at him and his soft glare.
"Don't on our account." He offers puppy dog eyes.
She took a moment to glance around at all of them. Every man there didn't want her to get it together.
"Wow! Who's serve is it?" She swallows.
Keith calls out, "Yours. You deserve it."
"Awww. So sweet. Okay." She gets into position then rears back to serve the ball. Once in the air she bursts into motion. Titties bouncing wildly causing distraction at every angle. Fred dove toward the ball as Willa had. In their hasty maneuver Fred found his face in Willa's butt crack. Willa was face down in the sand. Fred couldn't resist the sight, he bit her right cheek.
Her face erupted and spat sand from her mouth before wiping it from her face, "Ouch! Who bit me?"
Fred took another initiative. His teeth found her remaining bow tying her bottoms up. He tugged at it until it came unlaced. Clenched teeth pulled her bottoms from her thighs.
Gus once again offered her a hand up.
"I'm naked aren't I?" She shivered.
Gus reached up and barely used a single finger to drag her top off and to the sand.
"You are now."
She stands up and fidgets, "Game over?"
"That's up to you." Dwayne spouted.
"I have fight in me still." She looks around for unwanted eyes. Lucky thus far she thought.
Burke calls out, "I'll serve."
Everyone returns to position with their eyes glued to Willa. As the ball is dispatched Gus and Fred both charged into Willa's space. She leaped up directly between them. In mid air Gus grabbed her waist and pulled her directly into his chest and face. He opened his mouth and devoured her left nipple.
"Christ! Dammit Gus." She whimpered.
Holding her in his bear hug left Fred behind her to run his hands over her ass.
"So soft." He teases his friends.
Gus winks at her then removes his lips with a tugging at her nipple. He then lowers her to the sand. Gus charmingly grins, "You hurt?"
"Agony. Let's play." She shivers.
Cole pacing yet again claims the ball. A high hit goes over the net and gets batted about amongst Dwayne and Keith. Willa laughs and dives under the net pursuing the ball. She goes about jabbing them in the ribs and taunting them with butt smacks. Finally, Dwayne lost it and rushed her to the sand. On her back she watched him bury his face between her legs. She yelped before a string of moans, "Foul ball. Foul ball." She giggled.
Jon met with Cole at the net, "Are we going too far here?" Jon questioned.
Cole rubbed his thin moustache, "Probably. I'm laying low. You better for Megan's sake."
"Tempting though. She's a feisty one."
"That she is." Cole finally comes to her rescue. He pats Dwayne on the back, "Chow time's over D-Man."
Dwayne reluctantly lifted his chin away, drenched in Willa's cum and his own saliva. Growling he stands up and offers Willa a hand.
Once on her feet she again fans herself, "You guys play rough."
Gus growls, "Game on?"
She points at him directly, "Pussies."
In the distance Nick Benson watched through binoculars and heard her every word.
Burke once again serves reaching Gus whom Willa darts straight at. She manages to topple the gentle giant backwards landing on top of him this time. Laughing she sits up on his waist.
"Finally! I'm on top the bearskin rug."
She feels his hands roam her back gently causing her eyes to close. His hands grip her hips tightly hoisting her thighs up and down over his swelling crotch. She feels his monster through his trunks and gyrates her thighs over it.
"Papa Bear is up from hibernation." He growls.
"Hi. Call me Goldilocks. Am I intruding?" She chuckles.
He reaches a hand around and slides it down his trunks to fondle his cock. She watches him intently as the remaining players eye her reaction with interest. Finally, Gus pulls his cock out awkwardly.
"Teddy Suxspin." Gus jests.
She frowns, "That was bad. I like bad though. Feel lucky."
She reaches down and grips his crown twisting it gently to create attention.
"Fucking "A" little girl." Gus snarls.
She rubs it a moment longer then hops up between his legs and leans down to give his crown a peck with her lips. Willa then stands up.
"Serve the ball." She wiggles her ass.
Jon claims the ball as the serve goes around. Willa gets close to the net in tipping the ball over. She squeals as Burke snatches her over to his side. The ball drops at his feet. So did she. On her knees she looks up at Burke. He swiftly drops his trunks and whips his dick down at her. She raises her face to allow him to slap his cock all around her features. Finally she opens her mouth and he dangles it inside. Closing her lips she sucks on it for ten thrusts then releases. Rolling away under the net she regains her footing.
"Serve it!"
Fred takes the ball and propels it over the net in another display of beats and pounds. This time Keith grabs her at the net and pulls her to his side once again. He and Dwayne both stand side by side with their dicks dangling. She crawls to her knees and reaches up to stroke both of them simultaneously. Jon who had been laying back pacing decided to walk around her back. Eying her ass he drops to all fours behind her and pries her cheeks apart. This allowed him to lick her asshole. Spitting out sand he continued. Her moans concealed by her hand motions. She finally stops and bends over between the men. Jon took over licking and fingering her pussy from behind. She buried her elbows in the sand holding her head.
"Shit, that feels good."
Finally, all of the men gathered around her. Dicks dangled and danced all around her crumpled form. She cums heavily on Jon's fingers. After he finishes she forces herself to her knees gazing through sweaty clumps of red hair.
Spotting her surroundings she huffs and goes about stroking each of them vigorously. When she reached Gus he grabbed her by her hair and removed her hand. He then drug her face to his cock. She devoured him as he force fed her his monster. Her face turned beet red as her gurgling breath was taken away.
"Suck that dick you little whore." Gus growled.
She did indeed. Excessively. She loves his forceful nature. Bear he was.
He grunts and cums in her throat.
"Drink up." He bellows.
Once convinced she was done he released her.
She moved over to Fred and allowed him to jerk off on her face.
Scooting to Burke he pushes her over on to her back and straddles her waist. His dick goes between her tits and crushes them around it.
"Is this what we call a Burke off?" Willa chokes up smiling.
"Sure." Burke chuckles enjoying his titty fucking session. He jizzes between her tits watching it splatter over her neck. He then dismounts and stands with the others.
She squints at the sun above until she recognizes Cole. He had restrained himself all along. Until now. He stands between her legs and drops his trunks. Kneeling down he sprawls over her and penetrates her pussy.
"About time someone fucked me." She giggled.
"Megan was right. You are a whore." Cole revealed.
"Complaining?" She gasps at his thrusting girth.
"Nope. You should hang out with us more often."
"And be the teams personal whore?"
Gus crouches down and plants his face an inch from hers, "Say yes."
She blows in his face, "Yes. I'll give you all my number later."
Cole grips her ankles and hoists her legs over her head and rams his cock home. Her moans grew into shrill echoes of orgasm. She clung to Cole like a second skin. Nails digging into his back. This made him fuck even harder. She endured multiple orgasms beneath Cole. Each time she whimpered for more.
Exploding inside her Cole snarled. She cried out in ecstasy.
Once Cole withdrew and lowered her legs she shook like a leaf in a hurricane.
Dwayne scooted Cole aside and took his turn in her for five minutes.
Followed by Burke. Then Fred. Then Keith who plugged into her ass. Finally Jon looked around making sure Megan wasn't nearby took his turn cumming inside her vagina stew.
Insane inside her mind she was helpless as Gus lay down beside her and pulled her on top of him. She had help holding herself up thanks to Keith and Fred.
Gus gripped her bouncing tits tightly, "Ride the Bear."
Willa did her best to grind on the giants cock. As he jizzed inside her he let her drop over him. She lay with her chest heaving. His palms caressed her back and hair.
"Teddy adores ya." Gus whispers.
"This whore adores Teddy. Do me a favor?"
"What's that?"
"Doggy me. Pull my hair hard. Spank my ass raw." She exhales patting his chest.
"My pleasure." He rolls her off of him and guides her into position in front of him. He slaps her ass multiple times and brutally snatches up her long red hair. Yanking her head back he re-enters her pussy for a final round. Mad beastly growls with each thrust made her crazy.
In the drama, Dwayne needed more attention too. He crouched in front of Willa and forced his cock into her mouth. He then held himself up with one hand in the sand while his remaining hand reached under her to vigorously rub her clit. Gus continued slapping her ass cheek roughly.
At one point Keith snuck his hand in and fingered her asshole. She loved the torture.
Willa was gagging hard and feeling every nerve explode. In a maddening scream she gushes all around Gus. His cock felt her scalding juices waterfall around him.
Dwayne nutted in her throat yet again. As he pulled out, Keith backed off too. They watched Willa fall forward exhausted.
She felt her collar buzz once. She knew Nick was proud of her.
"Game over?" Gus growled.
"Is it?" She mutters until her collar buzzed twice, "I think not."
She rolls over on to her back, "Serve the balls."
Lance stepped forward and straddled her face. He lowers his hairy balls directly into her mouth. She sucks on them leaving him to jerk off over her chest until he burst a stream over her belly with it's force.
"More! Don't stop." She pleads as Lance hoists himself away.
Finally, they all shrug between each other. They were spent.
Cole crouches down beside her, "That's enough. Here's your bikini. Get dressed. All of you get dressed. Game over."
Gathered together they help her put her bikini back on.
All of them sat around with her until she regained full composure.
"Oh my God. What a game." She exhaled.
"About that phone number?" Dwayne asked.
"555-6969. No lie. Call it while I'm here to prove it. Text me." She offered.
Keith did just that as her cell rang in her purse fifteen feet away.
"See?"
Cole nods, "Beach party in two weeks. Bonfire and booze."
"Text me directions. Unless anything prevents it I'll be there."
Gus grunts, "Might introduce you to some more friends."
"Gangbang?" She giggles.
"You just had one." Fred cackles in retort.
"I can handle more. Push my limits. I dare you even."
Cole nods, "Twenty it is."
"Noooo! Make it twenty one. It sounds more legal." She teases as she claims hugs from each of them.
Finally, she gathers her things and moves toward the parking lot. The men were still hard watching her wiggle in the distance.
Reaching the lot she hears a loud whistle from Nick Benson by his car.
She waddles toward him and sits down on a bench beside him.
"How did I do? Inspire you?"
He merely pulls her closer, "Let's get you cleaned up."
"Yes, Sir. Please, tell me how I did."
"There are no words I could possibly write that compares to that. You were incredible."
"I'm happy you approve. I'm also glad you hired me, Nick. You made me find a side to myself I never knew existed. I love being a slut. Turning men on is exhilarating."
"Observing you turn men on is equally as exhilarating. Two weeks. Do you truly want to go to that party?" He squints awaiting her thoughts.
"Absolutely. But, I want you to create a story about it before I go. I want your inspiration."
"It would be my pleasure."
"Nick? I'm still horny. Will you fuck me at home?"
"Not tonight. I dare say I had a problem I dealt with while you were busy."
"Problem?"
"Yes. My son Jesse got expelled from school. I have to pick him up tomorrow morning. He will be home for two weeks on suspension."
"Will my daily life change?"
"Around Jesse. Unfortunately yes. For the time being." He frowns, "Let's get you home."
"I don't want my daily life to change. I love this freedom."
"Hush. We will see."
"Yes, Dorian."
"Come along Sara."
"Lead the way." She whispers.
"I always do."