She still looks so beautiful to me. Even after almost a decade together, my wife is the sexiest woman in my eyes. Maybe it's because I know how dirty she can be when she really let's go and how much she likes to be used very roughly, when she's in the mood. Maybe it's the underlying energy that subtly radiates these deep secrets about her only to those sensitive enough to pick up her vibes. Most of all, it's just how damn hot she is.
My wife has green eyes, brown hair with blonde streaks but she looks sexier blonde. Beautiful and flawless Latin features with great olive-toned skin, despite heading to 40. Average height, she is very toned without being muscular and has a very attractive back and chest with sexy legs. Jaw-dropping firm, full and round 34D tits, with small areola's and above average-sized nipples that are always hard. A small pert ass just the way I like it and the prettiest waxed pussy you'll ever see.
Her pussy has stunning form, everything just where it should be. Amazingly brown on the outside with dark reds and pinks inside and just a sight to behold when puffy and wet from arousal. And tight, holy shit, so tight - just the right size to fit my cock perfectly like a glove (maybe we were meant for each other). She has a way of squeezing my cock with her pussy that could easily be mistaken for when she wraps her hand around it. I've heard men say they're either a tit or ass man. I love both but I am unequivocally a pussy man. Objets d'art.
Our marriage has been an interesting ride and we're in a really good place at the moment after hard work. The last year in particular has been fantastic for personal and sexual growth. We've never been more open, honest and experimental. What is interesting, and I've read a lot about this, is that no matter how much I love and adore my wife and no matter how much it would devastate me to lose her, I get a real kick out of showing her off. It's strange but it is what it is. I enjoy it and nobody gets hurt.
It started off online, showing her to men while she got a kick out of the hard cocks and positive comments that came back. Then it moved onto some one-on-one sexting between her and young guys, while I was kept in the loop and copied on her pics. This did her confidence and sex drive the world of good. Next up was sexy outfits at fetish parties, being voyeurs to the orgies in the couple's room. Finally, we progressed to showing her off in the flesh at a mixed naked spa. This turned us both on no end. Hot naked women for me to enjoy, who seemed impressed enough to flash me their shaved pussies. Guys and cocks for her to check out. Throughout this process she became more sexual and really started to enjoy the attention she was getting as an attractive woman. To the point where I think my shy, conservative and decent wife started to realise that she was a hot MILF and quite liked teasing men by being an exhibitionist (especially in mixed, naked spa showers).
During this time, dirty talk during sex around her being fucked and used by multiple men at the same time became very common. She likes young guys and the thought of having 5 big cocks (attached to hard young bodies) in her hands, mouth, ass and pussy at the same time using her like a dirty whore for their pleasure just blows her mind. Not only did it seriously ramp up both our passions but I started to get feelings of sharing her for real. Not penetrative sex, mind you, but I wanted men to touch and lick her all over while she played with their cocks. This has all contributed substantially to our sex life (yes, we're like everybody else, sex needs spicing up after a while together and kids).
One of the rather innocent games we play (mostly her being a good girl for me) is dressing her up seductively when the occasion permits. Combinations of no bras and/or panties, as much cleavage as possible and short skirts. Anything for the thrill of discovery, the looks she gets and showing her off. Maybe some down-blouse or a nipple stand for an onlooker. Accidental pussy, ass or panty flashes for a lucky guy. All usually led to a good hard fucking afterwards.
Every now and again we get to spend some time together socially on a date night. This particular Saturday night in the city was dinner at a restaurant and drinks in a bar afterwards (staying over at a hotel so we could enjoy ourselves without worrying about drinking or transport). As per usual, these sporadic events were cause for my wife to dress as sultrily as possible, whilst maintaining her class and dignity. Of course, I was all over it straight away. Out came a very short flared mini skirt, high heels, a sheer black top and a see-through, flimsy black bra. No panties or stockings. You could see her nipples in the bra and the chiffon top did very little to hide them. They were clearly visible from close quarters, although the darkened layers hid them from distance. It was spring, with a chill in the air at night, so a light cardigan worked well to cover her modesty if she felt uncomfortable. She looked gorgeous with her hair and makeup done and I readily stared at, pawed and kissed her whilst she got ready naked in the hotel room. We liked to turn each other on during the course of an evening, culminating in a long, hard, animalistic fuck when we finally had some privacy.
By the time we were seated at the restaurant, I'd already had some thrills. Upon entering the door, my wife's tanned, toned legs had already swung some heads in her direction. She gave up her cardigan at the cloak counter to pimply-faced, teenaged male eyes fixated on her wonderfully firm tits all during the exchange and pleasantries. Poor guy didn't even realise he was doing it. She noticed and a wry smile came across the little minx's face. We were then seated at our table, which gave the good looking male waiter in his mid-20's a long, unobstructed look down my wife's top. Aware, the little slut sat down slowly and jiggled a bit to give him a show and the beginnings of a bulge developed in his trousers, at my wife's eye level as she sat. She noticed as she looked up to him as he spoke and, as he was focused on me for a minute, lingered at his crotch on her way up. She was quite amazed by the fast effect she was having on him.
During dinner, we spoke, drank and had a great time. We were also best friends after all. I touched, kissed and teased her with sexy talk in between and gradually, with additional help from the wine, we started to get turned on by the setting, occurrences and good company. Towards the end of the evening, I talked her into shifting her skirt up sufficiently under the short tablecloth so that spreading her legs would give somebody a clear view of her bare, freshly-waxed pussy. She was hesitant but I said I would go to the toilet behind her, so that she didn't have to feel guilty or uncomfortable with me around and could tell me all about it when I got back. This settled her a bit and I could see her nipples harden, glancing around eagerly to see who was seated behind me, while she raised her already short skirt in her seat.
I took this as my cue to make my way to the toilet behind her. This plan had been brewing since we arrived and my suggestion to remove myself was only because of what I had spotted earlier. The main toilet section for both men on the left and women on the right was made up of an entrance and then the doors at 90 degree angles behind protruding walled sections. The entrance, however, was extended a bit on each side by wood slat sliders decorated with creepers. While it would still look like I walked past the wall, I'd be able to peep back around through the creepers. Perfect spot for a voyeur!
Just before turning left, I looked back to see my wife smiling nervously at me before she started. Before moving behind the wall, I looked over her shoulder and surveyed the area behind our table to see who was within line of sight for the show. There were basically only 3 tables that had a clear view, in a triangle at her 12 o'clock, 10 o'clock and with the top point being at 11 o'clock but a bit further back.
Two of the three seats facing her at these (nearest) tables were men. One was about 30, tall and muscular like a rugby player. More ruggedly handsome, than model. The other was a good looking, lean, metro, straight guy on a date. Maybe 24. You know the type: right on trend across clothes and hair. The woman at the third (furthest) table was a hot MILF about our age. Big tits, skinny, really pretty but definitely dirty looking. I was quite enjoying the view actually.
I waved good luck and then moved past the wall, waited 2 seconds then peeped back around through the wooden slat slider. My wife was just turning around and getting ready for the show. She wasted no time, her pussy must have been dripping by now with expectation. With her short skirt up her thighs, she picked up the menu and pretended to read but I was sure she was sneaking peeks above the menu to see if anybody noticed. Slowly, she started to open her legs wider. Under time pressure to get her thrill while I was gone, she wasn't going to do this in phases. Wide-open her legs went, just to the point before it looked like she was purposely spreading her legs. Although knowing my wife's secret fetishes, I don't think she cared at this point, if it looked that way. She was on fire and wanted to turn men on with her sexy body and feel the power. Brazen and lustful, she waited for somebody to notice...
The rugby player looked up from his meal and surveyed the restaurant whilst talking to his wife. The double take was priceless as he moved from left to right. Lips moving but his dowdy wife had nothing on mine. His eyes were locked on her sopping wet, swollen and glistening pussy. He just kept staring and my wife was loving it. Glancing up nonchalantly from her menu, she was revelling in the attention, until the dowdy wife turned around to see what had captivated her husband and that ended that.
The metro boy had an attractive date, to be fair. I would have fucked her but there's always something about a hot and dirty MILF, isn't there? An experienced, confident, sexy woman with a high sex drive who wants to use you for her own pleasure, is just a wet dream. Whilst watching the rugby guy, I had noticed that metro boy was already checking out my wife. However, it actually looked like he hadn't noticed her gaping pussy but was initially drawn to her sexy, flushed face and on-show tits. He was much more skilled at this than rugby guy, keeping cool and not being obvious but I could see him shifting a bit in his seat. Maybe there was no room in his skinny jeans for a hard-on. At one point he did notice rugby guy at the table next to his, staring with his mouth open and followed his eyes to the prize. At this point, he visibly jumped in his chair and his eyes went big, recovering well to say he bumped his knee on the table leg or something like that. Now he was constantly sneaking glances under our table. Having lost rugby guy's attention, my wife moved hers to metro boy, coursing with passion, she dropped the facade (aka menu) and looked him straight in the eye as her right hand dropped to her lap, spreading her pussy lips for him and ran her index finger up and down her dripping cunt before bringing the visibly wet digit back up to her mouth to suck clean.
At this point, I almost came in my pants. My cock was aching it was so hard. It gushed pre-cum all over the front of my jeans, leaving a visible wet spot because I don't wear underwear. My cock was throbbing forcefully, so much so that I started squeezing it by hand on the outside of my jeans to relieve some pressure. Watching my brazen wife act like an absolute whore for me made my heart race with excitement and my head a bit light. I was in heaven. She was going to get her face fucked aggressively later as punishment.
If my reaction to this display was intense, then metro boy's was to the point. He took out his 8 inch hard and thick cock and started wanking it slowly. This was a bit of an achievement, considering he had to do it without his date noticing his movements under the table. My whore had a clear view of what he was doing and this pushed her over the edge. She was lusting for his cock. Licking her lips suggestively, she started two-finger fucking herself slowly under the table.
While this was on the go, I zoomed out my focus to see if anybody else had become aware of what was happening. To my shock, the woman at the third table further back (that I had completely ignored) had been watching my slut from the very beginning. Her position and actions mirrored those of my wife almost exactly, only instead of finger fucking herself, she was furiously pumping her pussy with a hand baggage sized, cylindrical, toiletry container of some kind! She wasn't even trying to hide it from her husband. I couldn't see his face but every now and again he'd look back quickly over his shoulder to see my wife, so he knew what was going on. Two fucking whores in one restaurant. The other's face was twisted with pleasure and desire as she came hard. She was an invisible voyeur that night but also an unaware exhibitionist as others around her table were definitely leering at her wanton display. I think her husband and I had lots in common.
Metro boy tensed and came streams under his table but hadn't thought it through. His cum covered the bare legs of his date. Screeching in horror as she jumped up, calling him a pervert with a slap and stormed off in my direction to clean herself up before leaving. This was my signal to make my way back to my table. My wife still had two fingers in her pussy on my way there but no audience left. I arrived and stood right next to her seat at eye level. She turned to me, being greeted by my huge, rock solid cock visibly spasming in my wet jeans. A smile crossed her lips as she looked up to me. "You're a dirty, shameless, fucking whore! Never stop being a total slut, do you hear me?!" I barked. "Yes, my husband." she submitted. She was proud of how much she had turned me on too and was grinning from ear to ear. As I sat down, I told her to remain exactly as she was and call the waiter over.
The 24 year old easy erection arrived at my wife's side and audibly gasped when he clearly saw her sopping pussy and wet thighs below her hiked skirt, with two fingers knuckle deep in her pussy. My wife's pussy smells amazing when she's turned on and all this led to him getting an instant raging erection again in his black trousers. A long but thinner cock was clearly visible right in front of her face. She asked for the bill and the poor guy had to walk back to the waiter station with this massive obvious bulge in his pants. I saw some of the customers smile at him and one of the waitresses even teased him. "Here's £20 to tip the waiter. Take your hand out of your pussy and put the money on your lap." She was taken aback at first but all too happy to oblige. I was in charge tonight. She wanted me to make her the dirty whore she craved to be.
When our waiter returned with the bill fold, I took it from him and busied myself checking it and arranging payment, seemingly looking down the entire time. Of course, I didn't miss a thing. My wife told him to collect his tip and her eyes went down to her lap. The waiter looked at me but I "wasn't paying attention". My wife said "What are you waiting for? Don't you want £20? You better feel around too, in case there's more inside." The poor guy looked like he might just feint from excitement. He slowly bent down, put his hand on her well lubricated thigh and ran it flat up her leg until his fingers touched her puffy labia and the £20 note. He totally ignored the note and stuck his middle finger into my wife, at which she groaned with lust. Aware that he could be caught at any minute, he gave her pussy a few pumps and removed his hand, along with the £20 note, collected the bill fold and left.
I was so turned on and my wife was dizzy from lust as a 24 year old stud had just fingered my slut wife right in front of me! We had to get out of there. The plan for the evening was to go have drinks at a nearby bar but I hailed us a cab and asked to be taken to a nearby strip club instead. I'd fill my wife in on the way. This night was too good to be true and I wasn't about to let this adventure end here.
To be continued...