After the sting of whatever had been hitting my ass, I barely felt him as he entered me again. A slight pressure was all that truly alerted me to the fact that he was fucking my ass.
As my mind began to clear, the slight pressure began to activate my secret g spot. I felt the warmth and tingling in my pussy as it clenched in response. I became aware of the fact that I loved it.
The first time had hurt. And I was still sore. But the dull ache combined with the pressure of his continued thrusting was making me moan with pleasure, and I found all the pain in my body was starting to evaporate.
As my body relaxed under his hands, I found him slowing his pace and leaning into me. One hand held my breasts, occasionally teasing my nipples, and his other hand slid to my pussy.
He put two fingers inside me and slowly moved them in time with his thrusting. His thumb rubbed my clit gently as he did. My body began to clench again as I had an orgasm so forceful I couldn't breathe.
I clenched his cock tight in my ass as my body spasmed and he groaned and let his cum flow free. I felt the hot gush filling my asshole and leaking out down my leg. Honestly, I wasn't sure whose juices were whose anymore. My legs were soaked.
He pulled out of me and as he let go my body dropped. I had no strength left to hold myself up. He released my legs first, then he lifted the top of the stockade and gently pulled me to the floor with him as he removed the gag.
His hands caressed my face as I lay next to him shaking. His lips traced the outline of my collarbone, and he said, "Now that was what you wanted, isn't it? Your body yielding to my hands and your mind, yielding to desire. You're amazing. And I would love to do this again. Sooner rather than later."
I was still breathless, and my mind was whirling. But even exhausted, my body yearned for his touch. I curled into him and whispered, "But what about your girlfriend? She's my roommate. I don't want to cross her."
He laughed a deep and hearty laugh as his fingers traced along my nipples, and his lips caressed my neck. "Oh, you don't need to worry about that, sweet thing." He gave my ass a squeeze that brought attention to the sore welts he'd left. He added, "She's actually been watching this whole time. She loves to see me put other bitches in their place."
My heart dropped in my stomach. And a strange mix of humiliation and excitement came over me all at once. I was speechless. I lay there silently, contemplating what he had said while his scent washed over me.
I didn't know how to feel now. Would I ever be able to look at my roommate the same again? I loved the way he made me feel while he used me. It felt right. But now I felt just a little betrayed. Had my roommate pimped me out to him just so she could watch?
His lips began to graze my nipples and he drew a soft moan from me. He moved so he could position himself over me, and his legs spread mine apart. He held my arms down and easily slid inside my still-soaked pussy. I whimpered and curled my hips into his groin.
He gazed into my eyes with a playful but serious look as he thrust deep inside me. I gasped and wrapped my legs around him. Right then, I didn't care that his girlfriend was watching us. It actually made it somehow more exciting. All I cared about was feeling every inch of his powerful cock again and again.
As he twisted and pushed into me with ever greater force, I screamed out, and my body arched in another powerful orgasm. I cried in desperation, and he grunted softly and said, "That's it right there. Perfectly desperate and flooding with my cum. That's the perfect place for a little whore like you to be," as he shot another huge load of cum inside my pussy.
He groaned slowly and lay on the floor next to me. My whole body was electrified, and I knew that I never wanted to be anywhere else. I closed my eyes and let the exhaustion overtake me. I was a mess, but I didn't have the energy to make myself presentable again at that moment.
As I lay there listening to his heavy breathing, I heard a light clicking sound somewhere in the distance. I waited a few minutes before opening my eyes, assuming it was his girlfriend somewhere in the house. When I opened them, though, his girlfriend and three other people were standing over us.
My roommate was smiling and laughing. She had a camera in her hands, and I realized suddenly what the clicking noise I'd heard was. I didn't recognize the three people with her. But suddenly, my whole face burned with shame.
"Well, it looks like we've found our new slut in training. Personally, I think you're perfect. I can't wait until it's my turn to dominate you. I'm definitely going to have some fun with these pictures." She waved the camera as she said, "When I dominate you, then you'll know where you belong."
My mouth fell open, and I moved to cover my naked body under the scrutiny. I looked at her and then quickly grabbed my clothes and ran from the room. I was more turned on by her statement than I cared to admit. And I was terrified at how easily he swayed me into these games.
I dressed as quickly as I could and fixed my hair. My face was a mess, and I felt like I had just swallowed a whole jar of butterflies. I stood in front of the mirror for a few minutes just trying to process everything.
When I regained my composure, I returned to the room and stared down the group of people. I could feel the blush rising in my cheeks. But I faced my roommate head-on and smiled. "That was amazing fun. I've never felt so perfectly satisfied in my life. I would love to see where this could lead," I said as I wrote my phone number on her hand.
With that, I ran from the house as fast as my shaking legs could carry me. I hadn't been lying. It was fun. And I'd never had a man please me so thoroughly I lost all sense of direction. But I was so embarrassed at the same time. My heart fluttered quickly as I ran, trying to think of what to say the next time I saw my roommate.