All characters are over the age of 18. The characters and events present are created from my own overactive imagination and any resemblance to anyone is accidental.
***
I dried a bit of sweat from my hands on my jeans and cleared my throat before I took another look up and down her.
Yes, this was becoming more and more frequent but I think I'll be forgiven if I say it still wasn't entirely "normal" yet. In fact I had to do my best to stop this becoming "normal". Okay, there is nothing I can do to solve it, I can't change her how her head or body works. Sure, she never takes on board any complaints I have, and yeah I'd be damn impressed if anyone found a way to teach her how to be a bit more respectful of other people's personal space. Yet despite all that it didn't mean she could have it all her own way. I mean she already gets so much for fee. It was my responsibility as her big brother to remind her that she couldn't be quite so spoilt.
It had somehow become normal that she could do this without any effort. It couldn't become "normal" that she did this without thinking, without caring, without even apologising.
It was looking away from my screen that had made me notice the stream. I'm sure I had acknowledged her coming into my room and sitting on my bed while I worked but I was busy so I hadn't really turned my gaze away from the screen. Lea came into my room to hang out so often I no longer paid her any mind. Sometimes I wonder if she already considered this her second bedroom. Maybe mum and dad had told her it would be her office or games room once I moved out. Perhaps she was already considering it as such. She really did get away with so much for no work.
Had she been like that when she entered my room? Looking at the flow it didn't seem like it but at the same time there was such a mess she could have easily already been like that and then just added more in the mean time. She held her phone in both her hands so it was likely just the same as all the other times.
I had only looked away from my screen to give my eyes a rest; turning to the side in my swivel chair to look out the window. Instead my eyes settled upon her as she sat on my bed, knees bent up and pulled in close, feet curled into my duvet, her back and head laying against my pillows that she must have arranged into an upright position as per her liking. A large halo of long, blonde hair tumbled away from her head and framed her upper body. It seemed to add a golden glow to her smooth, pale skin.
Her eyes, like her hands, were focused on her phone.
"So..." I said, breaking the silence and thus her concentration. Her eyes flicked to me then straight back to her phone, probably to finish reading the sentence she was on or something, before she dragged those big blue orbs back to me.
"...reading erotica again?" I asked, barely hiding my exasperation.
She bit her lips again before looking down. "Ah shit, sorry."
She looked like she had finally noticed what I had.
She pushed her head forward a bit, rocking a little away from my pillows. Probably so she could see past her tits. She was slumped slightly but to look between her legs she still needed to lean forward a bit to get a clear line of sight. Past those globes she must have spotted what I had when I'd turned around. A slight blush came across her face. Not really one of embarrassment, I'm not sure she had much of that anymore, it was more one of those guilty blushes. When you've been caught doing something that you've already been told off for.
She itched her neck a little. "Sorry Jake, just...can't help it. You know how I am-"
"I know that," I said cutting her off, "but you can control where you sit and more importantly, what you sit on!" I answered a little more forcefully as we both watched the shimmery trails running down from her faucet, the occasional white trail also following the same path. The two different types of liquid rolled over her skin until they disappeared underneath her.
And, what exactly was underneath her?
"Oh yeah, sorry. Your bed. My bad."
"It's fine," I replied, gritting my teeth. "But that is what we have the towels out for." I said standing up and going over to the side of my bed and grabbing a thick, fluffy blue towel from a small set of shelves. A towel kept there for this exact situation. I flapped it to open it up and then walked back over to the bed.
"I thought we agreed if you're going to come in to chill in my room and make a mess, you have to sit on this." I reminded while I laid out the towel. "It's not your fault you're as messy as you are but it is your responsibility to deal with it."
Lea raised her hips off the bed to allow me to slide the towel under her and to my chagrin I spotted a series of long wet strings stretching from my bed covers to her crotch. I threw the rest of the towel over the large dark spot that had formed where she had been sat.
It was already too late, the sheets would need a wash regardless but if I ever once told her "Oh well, no point doing anything now, make as much mess as you want." My sheets would never again be clean. I tried not to think about the damp spot as she sat her ass back down on the soft towel.
She was even more slumped back after the move and as such her pussy was clearly on display. Puffy lips, deep pink insides and a little light pink clit. A tiny triangle of hair atop it all. Not something anyone would say was "neatly" trimmed but there was effort there none the less.
Ever since she started going naked around the house I had become far too familiar with her body, especially how it looked when aroused. Oh her clothes washing had decreased significantly, sure. Her overactive pussy now no longer soaked her underwear and clothes. She just soaked the furniture, and cushions, and my bed, and my trousers if I hugged her at the wrong time.
I sighed outwardly, "I mean do you have to get turned on in my room?"
She shuffled a little and indignantly responded. "Hey, I can't help it. I mean you get boners at random times right? Same thing here."
"No, not the same thing. Guys get boners randomly. Girls only get wet on purpose."
"That's not true."
"It is. And even if it isn't you're not just sitting there day dreaming about what you want for dinner or something. You get all wet reading erotic books, watching porn and fantasising about God knows what. There is a difference there. Intent, you know? If you're going to turn yourself on at least put the towel down first. We talked about this."
"Why do I need to do that? You do it for me." She said poking her tongue out at me.
"That's because you don't!"
"Because you do."
"Because- oh whatever. Just tell me if you're going to fucking squirt your brains out on accident again, I've got paper work on the bed." I gestured to the end of the bed where my lesson plans lay.
"If it happens on accident, how will I warn-"
"Fuck it!" I said angrily as I gathered up the sheets and piled them back onto my desk, cramming up the limited workspace I had. She stretched out her legs a little with a satisfied smirk on her face.
"Who would have thought that some slut orgasming in my room would happen more living at home than away from it." I muttered angrily.
"Hey! Fuck you. Don't call me a slut."
It was rude of me, I knew it. It wasn't entirely her fault and my frustration was definitely mostly based on my own living situation. Still, she was annoying.
"Sorry..." I started to apologise but she wasn't quite finished.
"I can't help it!" She whined back, "Not my fault I have a hyperactive nea- neura-anatamacial-"
"Neuro-anatomical."
"Whatever! But...ah... Yeah, it's not my fault my body is insanely reactive to the stimuli of my" She slowed down and furrowed her brow, no doubt struggling hard to remember the doctor's words and avoid being corrected again. "Hypothalamic-pituitary-..."
She stopped and looked at me frustrated. Luckily she was now just frustrated at her inability to recall the long, technical medical words and no longer frustrated with me. That was one of the good things about Lea; her anger evaporated pretty quickly.
"It was like the HPGs and HPAs right? Those were the acronyms at least."
I shrugged. "I think so."
I had been there to support her through the different examinations after all this started happening but I'll admit, I was there as emotional support. My ability to remember all the details was severely lacking. That is why we got them to email us everything.
The long and short of it was this-
"Point is, it's not my fault I can cum without bloody touching myself."
That was the truth of it. She could cum without touching herself. Mental stimulation could set her off like a rocket. She could read an erotica, be in a romantic situation or just fantasise and she'd cum just as strongly as if she'd been fucked.
Not all the time sure, some were so slight you could barely tell since she wouldn't even be touching herself. Others however, well I had never seen her cum from sex but judging by what her stronger ones looked like I could believe that what I was seeing was all the power of a full orgasm. She shook a lot and there was a lot of sighing. Aside from the copious amounts of liquid she produced I suppose her orgasms could be seen as less intense that some women but still, she was getting that orgasm just from excitement in her mind. I haven't met anyone else who could even get a "small" orgasm from just that.
Like I said, she gets a lot for free.
Still, that being the case...
"It isn't your fault. I know that. It's just your body and your brain. I don't even fault you for getting carried away in your fantasies. Everyone does." I said sitting down next to her, trying to ignore the still flowing stream between her legs and the growing puddle of juices her big pussy lips sat in.
"But you do have to admit that it isn't any mental or medical condition that makes you read erotica in my room. That is something you're choosing to do right?"
She fidgeted a little under my questioning and rocked back and forth a little but eventually relented with a nod. "I guess that's true. It just feels really comfortable in your room. Super relaxed and all."
I sighed, stood up and headed back to my chair with a small smile. As reasons go, I guess that was a pretty sweet one. I mean despite the weird sexual tension of it all how could I, as a big brother, argue about creating a safe space for my sister-
"Besides I wash my sheets enough as it is. If I cum all over yours then it means I don't have to wash mine quite as much."
"Lea!" I growled as she poked her tongue out at me and grinned wide.
"What? It's the most action these bedsheets ever see aside from your jerking it." The flash of her grin was insufferable.
"Oh whatever!" I weakly fired back as I turned around.
"It must be nice to add a little bit of female fragrance to these things once in a while." She giggled.
"Yeah, yeah. Real nice." I tried to brush off her attempts to annoy me but the truth was, the idea of her juices all over my sheets really did irritate me a lot.
"Oh yeah, is it nice? Your little sister's love juices all over your sheets. The only ones that ever spill over it, from a girl at least."
"Yeah. Who cares." I said through gritted teeth, my screen swirling in front of me. There was no way I could get any work done with this tormentor behind me rattling off incessantly.
"Oh really? You don't care."
"Nope."
"Only my juices."
"Hmph!" I grunted in the affirmative. Trying to give her as little as possible.
"Mhmm." Came her partially stifled reply. "The only one to make your bed so messy."
"Yep. You got me. No action in that bed but you and me. And only one of us uses tissues." I mean it was my room, my bed, my sheets. Yet still she leaked and creamed all over them.
"Right!" Came her slightly high-pitched reply. "Just you an me. Me making all that mess. Don't you just love it."
"Oh I love it." I replied in a sarcastic tone. My left fists was balled up tightly and my right nearly crushed my mouse.
"Seeping into your sheets."
"Yep." No concern for my possessions.
"Your sheets beneath me"
"Yup. Those ones." No one but me having to deal with her.
"The sheets you-uh sleep in."
"No one else sleeping in them." She has her own. She chooses to fuck up mine.
"Then, maybe I'll just slip underneath your covers and cum and cum and cum till they won't ever lose the feeling of my juice-"
A crack filled my room as I stood up from my chair with speed, my weight releasing its spring to surge upwards. The sound hit her at the same time she noticed I'd moved. Turning around to face her -- no -- stand over her. A shadow cast over her, suddenly blocking out light from reaching her. A shadow with balled up fists and an angry face as all my irritation came bubbling up.
Her teasing had hit on all the things I was annoyed about, my living situation, my life, my freedom, my lack of ownership over it all. And here she sat, not a care in the world. Looked after, spoiled, living without consequence. Rubbing it in my face just how easy she had it.
I wouldn't have done anything.
I wouldn't have lashed out.
It was just a moment. A quick snap. I was already calming by the time I had stood.
I wouldn't have done anything, if she hadn't reacted the way she did.
Her eyes that had recently been barely open were wide in surprise, looking up at me. Her mouth had been wearing a playful grin between bitten lips but now hung slightly open. It was open to let loose a gasp that she'd been too surprised to even release.
That gasp was caught in her throat and was rapidly transforming.
Sweat droplets were running from her forehead. Her chest was heaving, flushed bright red and just as sweaty as her face. Rivers running over her skin.
Her knees were up by her chest but pointed inward, her feet spread outward. She was allowing a breeze between. She was allowing that heat in her centre to escape. Heat that had been building behind me as I sat unaware.
Her phone lay discarded by her side. Her eyes were fixed on my glare.
She missed the moment my anger dissipated because it was then her bottomless blue eyes rolled back and her eyelids slammed firmly shut.
She sealed that look of fury in her mind.
Her body started to shake and her breathing pumped hard. Her stomach muscles tensed visibly, pushing and squeezing as pleasure flowed through her.
Then her chest swelled and arched towards me as that gasp burst forth from her throat, rewritten now into a deep guttural moan the likes of which I had never heard from her. No sound as profoundly alluring and explosive had ever left her lips around me.
Then the flood surged out. A great jet of juices shot out from her lips and sprayed over my bed; its greatest extent even splattered on the floor beyond the foot of my bed. That jet was joined by another, and another. Each somewhat less powerful than the first but the splash of liquid against my sheets seemed just as overwhelming, rapidly turning them darker.
The towel between her legs was saturated even worse from a combination of her previous arousal and her orgasm. As the power of the jets of her juices lessened, more liquid poured directly onto it rather than soaring over it, no doubt soaking right through and practically denying its existence. My sheets below were not at all sheltered. As if to heap on more insults to its lack of protective power; by the end of the fifth squirt of juices Lea's pussy switched to drooling a torrent of thick white cream instead. It spilled over her clenching asshole, pooling on the towel.
The towel and my sheets would forever bear the outline of that creamy puddle. Forever stained.
She took a long time to recover.
Such a long time.
I had time to watch it all, leisurely. I had time to take it all in. I had time to think.
Lea just carried on panting. Panting and leaking.
All the anger and irritation from before, those feelings that were in the process of disappearing, rose back to the forefront.
Yet still she lay there, recovering from an orgasm, ruining my bedsheets without a care.
Without thinking.
Without any effort.
Without an apology.
She didn't notice me leave. She didn't notice me return. She didn't notice me push the white plug into the electrical socket. She didn't even notice me secure those soft restraints.
When she finally decided to open her eyes she might have thought I hadn't moved a muscle. Except for what I held in my hands.
I stood over her, that cold anger back on my face.
I held Lea's big, white vibrator in my hands and moved towards her.
She always did get away with so much for free.
***
To be continued...
Hey everyone. I hope you liked this new story. If you're a long time fan, sorry I've been inactive for a while. If you're new, welcome! This is the start of a new series comprised of shorter instalments than my usual. Let me know if you like the format and story direction in the comments. Make sure to follow for the next chapter.