In the summer of my eighteenth year, my uncle fell off his roof and broke his back. My mother asked me to go stay with them and not only finish the roofing job my uncle had started but to help around the house. Mom apologized for ruining my summer and that she would make it up to me so I didn't tell her that I didn't mind going at all. My Aunt Sue may have been my mother's sister but she wasn't like mom at all. Aunt Sue was old but not as old as my mom and she dressed sexy, looked sexy, and always acted sexy. I was looking forward to spending time at her house.
I arrived at their house early and Aunt Sue opened the door still dressed in her nightclothes. Although she was wearing a robe, it was sheer and I was sure that I could see her nipples through it. When she saw it was me she grabbed me and hugged me burying my face between her large almost naked boobs. I could smell her perfume, it became a scent I will never forget, and I can get hard with just a whiff.
"Jason I'm so glad you're here to help, I don't know what I'd do if you couldn't come. I know you're losing your summer but I'll try my best to make it up to you."
Just being nestled here between her tits was already more than enough payment for my summer.
She grabbed my hand,
"Let's go back and see Jimmy, I know he'll be glad you here."
We walked into Uncle Jim's room and I was shocked at how he looked. It was if he was in some mid-evil torture device with ropes and pulleys supported by weights. I knew he must be full of pain medication by the look on his face. His nurse was there, an old bat that looked mean and nasty. My aunt smiled broadly at her husband,
"Look Jimmy, Jason is here to take your place while you're laid up."
She put her arms around me and gave me a squeeze, her boobs pressing into my back.
The next morning I got up early, ready to get on the roof and finish my uncle's repair job. While I was sitting at the kitchen table eating a bowl of cereal Aunt Sue came in wearing a string bikini. She really was too chubby to be wearing such a skimpy bathing suit but all I saw was how much of her body was exposed to my eyes.
"Jason, while you're on the roof I thought I'd lay out back and get some sun. Would you be a dear and rub some lotion on me before you go up."
We went out back where she had a towel, a book, and a bottle of suntan oil. She lay down and I began to rub lotion into her back and shoulders.
"Be a dear and undo my strap I wouldn't want to stain my new suit with that nasty old lotion."
With trembling fingers, I released the hook holding her top on and felt my dick harden as I massaged the oil into her back and thighs. When I was done, she turned over and thanked me while she held her top up with her hand.
I climbed to the roof watching her the whole time and as I worked I snuck a peek at her every chance I got. When I heard her call my name, I looked to see her standing at the bottom of the ladder.
"Jason, would you like to join me in a cold drink, I know that if I'm hot and thirsty, you must be as well."
I noticed she had still not rehooked her top and was holding it with her arms against her sides. In the kitchen she reached up to get the glasses and her top fell to the ground.
"Oh that is so embarrassing,"
she said, and then calmly bent over and picked up her top from the floor. She covered her boobs then turned around and asked me to hook her up again. When she turned back, I swear she looked right at my boner, and then she looked me in the eye and smiled. The rest of the day went without incident with me on the roof and her lying out back in the sun.
That night after I'd gone to bed Aunt Sue came in to check on me. She was only wearing her nightgown, not even her robe and I could plainly see the brown rings around her nipples. She first asked me if everything was all right and then she sat on the bed beside me. She put her hand on my cheek and again thanked me for taking her husband's place on the roof.
"I know it must sound silly to you but I wish you could take his place in other things around here."
"Aunt Sue you know I'd be happy to do whatever I could to help."
"Well I don't mean chores, I mean more like taking over as the man of the house."
As she said this, she bent over and I could look right down her gown to see her tits. It was then that I realized what she was talking about; she wanted me to take over pleasing her from Uncle Jim. I didn't know if I could do it, I mean I could do it, me and Barbara Sue had done it lots but she was just a kid like me. Aunt Sue was an adult and that had to be different. She slipped her hand into my PJs and put it around my hard-on.
"When I saw this today, I knew I just had to hold it."
That was all it took for me to shoot off right in her hand. I was mortified; here I was trying to act like a man and I cum just like a little kid.
"Oh Aunt Sue, I'm so sorry---"
"Hush, don't worry about, this will make you last longer."
She went to my bathroom, brought out a washcloth, and then cleaned us both up. I was already hard again and once my PJs were down around my ankles she climbed on top of me. She reached down and took me in her hand, then put me inside her. I lay there watching as she began to ride me up and down. She leaned forward and I picked up one of her boobs and put her nipple in my mouth. Even though it was my second time, I still didn't last very long but she said I was good and even thanked me for a good time.
That was pretty much how my summer went; I would work on the roof by day, as my aunt would lay around the back yard in various stages of undress. Every night she would come to my room and we would make love. As I got better at pleasing her, she began to show me what she wanted from her man, as she now called me. By summer's end, I had her climaxing along with me. I couldn't wait to get back to Barbara Sue to show her the tricks I'd learned.
When summer was over and I had to go back home Aunt Sue introduced me to Uncle Jim's new nurse. His name was Rolf and by his looks, I could tell he not only would be replacing Uncle Jim's old nurse, he would be replacing me as well.