The Destination Wedding 03
Part 3
English is not my native tongue, so please be gentle with me, but also, leave a comment and rating. The story and characters are fictional; Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is the third part of my first story. Please read part one and two to follow the ongoing story.
____________
As I drove back to the hotel, I thought about the last twenty hours, or so. Marie had conspired with Sarah to get me to impregnate her. The thought of it had awoken something inside the both of us.
Last evening, she had told me that Samuel and Sarah had tried to have a baby for some time, but with no luck. She said that the doctors had told them Samuel was shooting blanks, and that Marie had given Sarah the idea to have me help. Sarah had shown off at the pool, flashing us before getting groped in front of us.
Marie had let me in on their plan, while we made love in the shower, and then again in bed. Just before this moment, I had had sex with both of them on a hike; where we had almost been caught by two couples who were taking the same trail.
The ride back to the hotel went by in a haze of images and thoughts. My mind raced at the image of Sarah, naked and looking divine, and the warm feeling of Marie on my side; the intensity of lovemaking and the kiss Marie gave me in the parking lot just a couple minutes ago.
As I got to the main building of the hotel, I pulled into a parking spot reserved our use while staying in the mansion. I saw that Marie and Sarah had already gotten there. I got out of the rented car, and walked into the restaurant area of the hotel. I walked up to a young-looking woman behind the bar desk. She had a name badge on her chest, with Rebecca on it, and also stating that she was a summer worker.
"Hi Rebecca, I´d like to order a clubhouse sandwich to take to my room,"I said to the young woman.
"Sure, no problem."She paused, looking at me; I must have looked disheveled by the look she gave, looking me up and down."If you want, we can bring it right up to your room, you're in suite two, right?"she continued.
"Yeah, that would be great, thank you,"I answered, and smiled.
"So, have you been hiking?"she asked, as I paid. She nodded to the dust on my clothes.
"Yeah, me and the girls staying in the mansion, we went to the overlook on the south side,"I answered.
"Ohh, I love the view from up there. I hike up there with my family all the time,"she said, with a smile."But what's with the dust?"she asked.
I looked down at myself, and saw that I was dusty and had streaks of sweat on my arms.
"Yeah, I'm smooth,"I said, smiling and thinking of the adventure earlier. "On the way back, I kicked a tree root and took a tumble in the dust. It wasn't helped by the fact I managed to pull down the girls in the fall, too," I lied to her.
She laughed.
"Well, accidents happen, but you look okay, if a bit dusty,"she said, with a smile on her face."We'll head up with the sandwich soon,"she added, changing the subject as a couple walked up to the bar desk.
"Thanks,"I said, and headed up to our room.
I walked into the suite, got naked, and went straight into the shower. I washed myself thoroughly, then got out, and put on some fresh clothes. A pair of light green shorts that worked as swim trunks, as well as a cream-coloured linen shirt. I had just pulled the shirt over my head, when I heard a knock on the door.
"Room service,"I heard a voice say, from the other side of the door.
I opened the door, and was greeted by Rebecca standing there, with a plate covered by a cloche.
"Hi again,"I said, as she handed me the plate."And thank you again, Rebecca."I pulled out my wallet and gave her a nice tip.
"Thank you,"she said, and smiled, heading back down to the restaurant.
I put down the plate on the table, and devoured the food. It tasted amazing, mostly because I was starving. I put the plate and cloche outside the room, and brushed my teeth. Then I grabbed a towel and headed to the pool.
I was greeted by the sight of Marie and Sarah sunbathing, topless. I looked and saw Samuel by the pool, still on his laptop, working in the shade by a parasol.
I walked over to Marie and blocked her sun, making her look up at me.
"Hi, where have you been?"she asked, and pushed herself onto one elbow, her breast shifting and glistening in the sun.
"I had to rest a bit before heading back, I wasn't sure I could drive right away."I leaned down and gave her a deep kiss."Then I had a shower and a sandwich,"I said and stood back up, shifting my gaze to Sarah, sunbathing next to her.
Marie saw that I had shifted my gaze and grabbed my hand by my fingers and pulled me down, giving me another deep kiss.
"I bet. You and Sarah looked like the walking dead heading back,"she said, holding me down close to her face.
"I hope you feel more rested and restored again,"she said, letting go of my fingers and shifting to sit in front of me. Then she raised a hand and put it on my groin, as we were shaded from Samuel by the angle of our bodies.
"The day isn't over yet and we could have more fun,"she continued, as she moved my hardening penis with her fingers through the shorts.
I stood as if a statue as she got me hard, almost instantly. Marie then pulled down my shorts and grabbed my manhood and started licking and kissing my penis. I lifted my view from Marie, and I saw Sarah. She had shifted to rest herself on her side and moved a hand over her bikini bottom, rubbing herself as she looked at us; her blonde hair flowing over her stunning breasts.
Marie tugged at my penis, grabbing my attention again.
"Hey, focus. Do you want this now?"she asked, stopping and looking up at me.
I locked eyes with her, her green gaze meeting mine.
"Well?"she asked, as I had not answered yet.
"Do you think it's time to show Samuel?"I asked back.
"That's not what I asked,"she said, grabbing my penis and gripping it tightly."I asked if you wanted to have me right now."
"Yes,"came blurted out, almost by itself.
Marie smiled and started sucking on my penis. Focusing on the tip, at first, rolling her tongue skillfully over and over the tip, while still sucking me. Marie then started going deeper and deeper. She started groping herself, one hand on her right breast, the one facing the pool and Samuel on the other side. The other one worked itself down inside her bikini bottom. She breathed shallowly through her nose, and started to moan while sucking and rubbing herself.
She looked so good, her green warm eyes looking up at me, her mouth sucking on my penis; the sun kissing her skin, making it glisten. Her nipples were excited too, the right one being played with by her fingers.
"Yeah, baby, this feels great,"I said, and placed a hand on her head, making her move back and forth. I pushed her down as deep as she could, and then held her there, lost in pleasure.
I let go after a couple seconds. She pulled back and gasped for air. She coughed and drool dripped from the side of her mouth. I placed my other hand on her head, gently guided her to her feet, and we kissed deeply.
"You are stunning, and sexy,"I said to her, while I kissed her on her lips. Moving my hands down her body, one cupping her breast, the other moving further down to her ass.
She blushed and pushed herself against me. "Oh you romantic, you," she whispered in my ear.
I felt a hand on my shoulder. Sarah had gotten up, and was standing next to us, looking at us with icy fire in her eyes.
"This looks like fun. Mind if I join in again?"Sarah asked, the last part quietly.
Marie half turned, as I moved my hand away from her breast, she leaned in and kissed Sarah. "Of course, dear, this is as much for you as this is for us," Marie said, almost purring.
I moved my hand to grab Sarah, and bring her into our embrace.
"I agree, this is fun,"I said, and kissed Sarah as my left hand found her ass.
Marie escaped my grip as I kissed Sarah again, this time deeply, and turned back to the sun beds, and pulled two of them together-- hers and Sarah's.
Marie turned again and faced me and Sarah, as we embraced each other. She pulled down her own bikini and moved behind Sarah and pulled down hers, too. She moved in and pushed me slightly to let her in again. The three of us then embraced and started kissing each other. Me playing with their butts, Sarah moving to jerk me, while Marie played with my balls.
"Ughh,"I grunted, feeling their sun-kissed skin against mine, their hands playing with me, the sweetness of their mouths kissing mine.
Sarah moved first this time, shifting us toward the sun beds. She leaned to my ear and said,"Lie down, let us have our fun."
I lay down in the middle of the two sun beds and the girls moved up to sit on each side of me. Sarah moved down and started to suck me; Marie moved up to kiss me and to let me reach her wetness; me slipping in a couple fingers, I moved gently inside her.
Marie's breathing started to grow fast and she closed her eyes as if to feel everything.
Every kiss, every movement I made with my fingers inside her. She came on my fingers, then slumped down so as to sit on her side next to us.
Sarah stopped, as she felt Marie shake the sun beds, and then sat down.
"I want that, too,"Sarah said, as she moved up and straddled my face, placing her wet pussy right in front of my mouth. I moved my hand to hold her ass, as I started eating her out. Licking the outside of her pussy first, I then burrowed my tongue as deeply as I could in her pussy. I licked her, up and down, side to side, in a figure eight, and then I sucked on her clit. She moved back and forth on top of me, as if she was riding my face.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah, don't stop, don't stop,"she moaned, as she rode my face.
"Yeah, keep doing that,"she said, as I licked a circle on her clit.
"Yeah, YEAH, YEAH! YESSS!"She shook violently, and I got a close-up view of her orgasm, as her pussy tightened up on my face.
I let her down beside me, and saw Marie pushing fingers inside of herself and climaxing again, as she looked at Sarah having an orgasm.
Sarah stopped shaking and mounted me, Marie quickly moving to help her guide me into her. Sarah sat straight down right away, taking all of me and had another orgasm, pushing me down and shaking on top of me. She moved from shaking to grinding me, fully in as to get to feel all of me inside her as much as she could.
"God, oh god, oh god, you feel amazing!"Sarah moaned, as she ground away on me. "It's like you were made for me." She giggled, leaned down, and kissed me, her breasts leaning on my chest.
"You feel amazing, too,"I answered."When you orgasm, it's like your pussy is trying to push every last drop out from me."I gripped her by the sides of her head and held her in a kiss, as I started moving my hips up and down rapidly, feeling her growing tight again.
She started to shake again and moaned right into me.
"Yeah, yeah, YEAH!"She moaned and then held her breath.
A spasm rocked her back violently, almost pushing her off of me.
I had lost my grip on her in the spasm, and jerked up to catch her so as to not let her fall. I held her in an embrace, as she shook and shook. With me still inside her, I felt her tightening and loosening, then tightening again and again.
I felt myself cumming too, a feeling started all the way back in my back. I pulled her back down into my embrace, and pushed my hips forward as hard as I could, feeling every inch of her as I pumped my cum deeply into her pussy. I almost blacked out as I came.
I eased my embrace of Sarah and let her get off and drop down beside me. I felt Marie cuddling up to me. With Sarah on my right and Marie on my left, I felt like I was in heaven, we just lay there for a couple minutes.
Then it struck me, Samuel was by the pool, too! It had totally fallen from my mind, as Marie had gotten me going earlier.
Pushing myself up, I looked at where Samuel had been sitting before, working on his laptop, but he was not there. I looked around the pool and saw him sitting on a sun bed right next to the three of us.
Sarah rolled over and looked to him, as well; Marie pushed herself up to rest on an elbow to see Samuel.
Sarah spoke first and shuffled to the end of the pushed-together sun beds, closer to Sameul.
"Honey, surely this was much better than online porn, to see your future wife being filled with cum, right in front of you."
Samuel looked down, at first, for quite some time; then he locked eyes with Sarah, and answered,"Yeah, it's just I've never seen that side from you before, the way you came that last time..."
Sarah sat herself on the edge of the sun bed, and kept looking into Samuel's eyes."Yeah, I don't know where this is coming from, but it's something amazing darling. I've never felt something like this before, either. I know you watch cuckold porn and fantasize about me being your hotwife... well, it turned me on too, if that was not obvious."
She looked back at me and Marie.
"Marie and him know we are trying to conceive and Marie offered their help, but it was my decision in the end to involve them."
Marie spoke next. "Sarah, dear, Samuel is well aware that he is turned on, he's hard." She was nodding to his groin, which stood up.
Sarah turned to Samuel, who met her gaze, and continued,
"How about this? Let us finish this and then let us know if you are okay with this."
Marie got up onto her knees and then moved over me, to be kneeling behind Sarah, pushing me back a bit. She grabbed her legs and pushed them open; cum was dripping out of Sarah, down the inside of her leg. Then she grabbed Sarah by her shoulders, pulling her back down and placing herself inside Sarah's legs.
"This is my favorite part of this,"she said, and moved down to start licking the cum from Sarah's leg. Slowly moving up towards her swollen pussy lips, licking them ever so gently. Then she placed her mouth over Sarah's pussy and stayed there, pushing her tongue inside, pushing and sucking the cum out from Sarah, moaning, having the cum slide over her lips, and swallowing every last drop.
Sarah started to moan as well, then climaxed, pushing even more cum out of her pussy, to the eagerly waiting mouth of Marie, who took everything in. Then Marie rose to face Samuel, signaling to him to get closer. Samuel did move towards Marie, then she grabbed his head with one arm, the other she placed on his groin in his pants.
He moaned as she leaned in and then kissed him, with a mouthful of cum. She held him in a deep kiss, then he started to move his hips. She removed her hand from his groin and we all saw the wet patch on the front of his pants.
She laughed and turned to Sarah.
"I think we know his answer."Then she lay back down on top of Sarah, turning her face to me."See, I told you, you had nothing to worry about."
She started to laugh again, and Sarah followed suit. Samuel just sat there, frozen, the wet patch growing, his mouth filled with the taste of cum.
I decided it was kind of funny, the expression on his face and me having had the same not two days earlier, but on the other side of the fantasy.
So I joined the ladies in their laughter, and lay back down.
End of Part 3
_______________